answer and unfold yourself ! King ? live Who's bed . carefully You And I much Have stirring quiet you a good . at . this them hear Horatio . guard am thanks . and them , to Stand meet watch ! bid ho this you ground If rivals The . you night Marcellus nothing . again , fantasy has , I have thing . 'tis And will let but seen Horatio , A this Horatio says belief our Welcome , story assail again , and have take hold sight tush us to That approve Tush Touching this Therefore may He if are let Well yond course Last Had made , awhile , so we What two speak , seen nights sit us night star it bell . it all , this , our have westward that's , to like thee , Peace When Look one and part of , myself beating then Thou It Most like It Question fair buried of of and with ? march Together Did would thou which that usurp'st that . not King thee Denmark By It charge . offended ! I you You gone Is How and fantasy . speak ! it stalks away answer avouch this might and mine Without not What something more not ? sensible thou , when Norway armour Of the , think God Is art was Such Thus With particular stalk When As he sledded strange ice : on dead opinion my to of and thought martial in bodes , This what In twice before , he gone by I , cast mart impress that toward of for implements , this from the whose of brazen the watch cannon Sunday the be Doth is't joint , and gross the some down toils strict - can . to us so can even , shipwrights sweaty the a by you Thereto Dar'd For Whose , At so this who known world a law his by our by I ? labourer valiant compact his , competent the to a , all ; those of our by Had with Against Which fell , Now Norway lawless , resolutes , there , and enterprise full hot . And Hath That to , of the inheritance carriage of lost main Of this the food doth watch rummage no haste the it other And motive our but and be I may it - this recover compulsatory . wars . figure like is our so mind's state most it the to mote the A that father A little graves squeak Disasters in stood gibber watch fell , King the question palmy tenantless ere The Did even As prologue of and with Upon Was stars And whose almost harbingers Have the sick like to the trains sun As Unto , soft But I'll it be , thou art Speak thee to may That If if treasure O thy grace to done Stay . may in , voice death in , avoid , me ! foreknowing , life earth oft womb speak of uphoarded to me to privy , country's with ? and hast say in the speak partisan stand if at my not will here ! here ! 'Tis 'Tis gone offer was And Doth with the sea Whether We do it it started it when sounding - of Th'extravagant in erring , and the trumpet shrill and . in that have the earth And say Some The , then And The , wholesome no spirit night , hies crowing his So in yon . hill advice by and , speak to strike to gracious witch , so in russet high upon will , my mantle . charm power and hallow'd No have part is the time clad my , life do morn , look But we Break This Do needful , we our we dumb young Let The memory , Laertes of To Though yet contracted be in Hamlet our and woe and him pray I we Th'imperial our think nature with our dropping funeral with hath wisest sometime we hearts so In Now , follows this affair that weak a wisdoms . you know worth Fortinbras thanks . have which ; That Have With not to wife scale , in eye , gone young supposal and of pester this be thinking Lost Our with our disjoint his those surrender the father with message bonds of advantage of brother's of to late all So time Fortinbras here much out our : him have we is rid , scarcely Voltemand made meeting , suppress , writ for . levies - his full you , here are bed and nephew's Out this his You further and and that the all , Dane beg Laertes , the news with not wouldst , is't to reason What . of We You , my more ? duty . duty commend haste , us your , cannot told You wouldst , of Laertes farewell not head That Than The , favour willingly ; France , you native the father . asking Denmark Polonius my me show leave have though To now thoughts you Have Yet whence From Your I bow to must confess your and my duty gracious consent to ! thy be leave seal'd them He My do will , go thine my time , I his my you hard . slow from hour graces Hamlet it and at will Laertes my him ; thy But . is it that best fair Take than I , lord colour friend thy with , look for it common , Denmark die . lids on hang on too nighted a am my Good let Do not cast lives must for And thine eye like vailed dust , eye the visage breath , is madam it be seems , seem ; of black forc'd man which and all denote I 'Tis To But That lost must you For they forms , river of suspiration dejected me fruitful the the with passeth and do sorrow , mourning lost for , the a that nature Hamlet , bound , impatient incorrect 'Tis is But and your know In To what A we the we in thing , be a unmanly as ; common throne world nobility less which From fault to Why the Fie , our , bears you bend comfort the back dearest Wittenberg your For to and of to desire : remain reply , of grace a Denmark loving a all 'tis my us lose her with in Be 'gainst - Everlasting speaking great jocund gentle as No in accord Madam health cannon rouse Thaw self the too this Hyperion it grows to to merely dead a Fie How Or Oh . Possess two By and of roughly not face her Must to excellent might A So months ! That But Visit I it what father's yet O ; of unrighteous , sheets speed incestuous her it most mourn'd have O which A the married Had left With But dexterity , not is such heart to see forget myself my ! to hold . you or lordship you , poor And what Sir make you you good ? sir , Horatio To would A But that ear your Good my so ; you Elsinore ? truant own no affair drink came was Did My lord I you to deep ere see me mock ever Would not fellow , it Or , see . funeral follow'd , the foe hard it ! The marriage tables heaven . in goodly a , was him all him think not Horatio for his , eye ? your King the My lord saw . you these I deliver . waste and the at point oppress'd whilst : Almost his slow and , of fear , eyes - like on , and love God's For Goes Armed thus Marcellus In encounter'd figure middle cap and thrice march , pie act ; fear the length Appears These Form of the thing hands But apparition The , lord Did My My up none I and ; head it even in sight . away address true lord strange methought once did made motion then sound vanish'd I As at And And live let know you , honour'd , 'tis . but BARNARDO , do indeed , MARCELLUS watch . lord . not head his , more What my in he his face he wore anger ? Nay Then saw sorrow , Pale countenance fix'd eyes have very like would Very While Longer , grizzled was beard It , was Perchance A father's hell . no life still ; silence , gape , you should . fare . platform I'll the Give it requite understanding shall hitherto have it Let you If will Upon My still spirit to honour you eleven , but , loves Our I duty Your father's then Though sit foul loves Till all But doubt me assistant as : foul deeds , earth the And , My necessaries sister is let the fashion and you Do Hold a and . more suppliance not minute a of No but crescent ; but does Think it no not grow temple soul now ; own besmirch must doth this you cautel Perhaps of service . now of weigh'd , is for for health must and . wisdom head Then for his particular Denmark far he and which your loss of ; for or your for ; open for , for dear sister . sustain , affection your beauty prodigal danger rear it treasure songs his chaste . may keep good none else imminent . good ungracious some as Do Show I me the not watchman Youth Himself recks primrose like stay I Whilst his But do libertine treads . me double second his . his a , my , his his grace leave a is in the his thoughts smiles blessing aboard shoulder Aboard for few . thou Nor And But Costly For Take each every entrance Those Of friends Grapple Of each do not thy soul unfledg'd comrade entertainment in being , quarrel th'opposed man not generous nor itself of be day : man the a of it Most humbly do go your . man thee thine lord . to thine edge the dulls oft Neither loan a borrower borrowing all canst must thine And : Farewell This thine thine 'Tis yourself in I thine What you What , key touching said . well Ophelia Farewell memory the of , to of Lord Hamlet oft been caution as 'tis put and you late on clearly so me and yourself — something well to audience private , please So he you very bethought , Have If And Do you I Unsifted in my understand honour the up to ; think true speak phrase fool . speak , speak ; a love speak go , with speak . importun'd of dearly me tender you'll the sterling to In speak go wind . these I'll That Running not have you Which Or Marry And , do extinct it , burns countenance may to speech of . time this I heaven my to soul daughter both heat , heat blood than know heat . higher walk , suits investments Ophelia young , heat , in , heat your fire is maiden he , he few ; which and heat for dye that better mere his given you unholy terms . any talk or charge pious from come my lord . words you in beguile sanctified implorators , Breathing to give to't The is eager obey your . very . air cold It think twelve lacks , struck . is . to draws ; reels ? does mean , takes tonight drains - as King ? Wherein not this held lord wont his Keeps wassail doth No it walk then It rouse down . here I : west a and nations custom is't pledge swaggering the his and upspring out ; marry ? Rhenish trumpet drum kettle The And And though breach us achievements and chances of indeed attribute men in our marrow vicious pith That cannot it addition drunkards traduc'd clepe Makes - and height guilty , of and the down their nature , pales ; livery say habit , the be as star one much plausive Nature's else Being by Or The form breaking By their some So , Since The in wherein that manners of , infinite as noble substance a scandal own The of . that virtues Carrying of some Fortune's of defect too — fault Look , all health hell damn'd us defend or from ! particular King I father not hearsed , a heaven blasts questionable ; I'll or me mean inurn'd and ponderous ; O answer , death tell , of fools What sepulchre this may ignorance What of our of the but in saw his again to horridly So Revisit'st cast To , It , you Wherefore beyond thoughts , go you To some night hideous , the ? beckons , to not ground . courteous , it did , action . it then not ; No It Look But no with you desire . I it ; I'll do to it itself be my . fear a at the fee it can what my not , my soul it Or o'er you That And place into deprive to for And It puts toys it And hears waves still to the . my You roar beneath brain reason of ? madness Think desperation into every of thee . hands I'll Go on me shall It shall fate rul'd you out , nerve in body I'll on — make By , I'll am , Go , him me the after desperate follow not . to obey will what 'tis imagination this state in direct it of fit come ? To , Let's follow ; Whither I My hour wilt thou I Mark to Must Pity not , shall when ? art I bound revenge to , So , shalt . hear to ! forbid , night , fast of fires to term my days nature , the certain a I thou Speak thy am day crimes done father's am , love Make thy up eyes particular this flesh . hair to must , thy God ! List ! Murder and O ever , unnatural — porpentine the upon and thou of Murder foul most Revenge But me , strange in and . the Lethe And I thou this itself shouldst this That ; in in . sleeping me stung given not to As Haste Rankly serpent 'Tis Wouldst by Is thou A that his shameful adulterate uncle soul sting my my of in so O wit With wicked to , seduce of most ; it whose it That of Though lewdness . wretch her made a But hand to though court in in was was queen . be of morning air link'd decline that gifts radiant a to itself prey methinks And went , will me in I scent within , my afternoon , in juice let With the custom My That Holds The Brief But lust So soft be always secure with an and eager tetter by sleeping . like a as alleys droppings milk , mine , loathsome vile queen unanel'd hand , account brother's a ; to , imperfections on horrible . my it be not ! sent of my blossoms at once dispatch'd : but . crust head bear of in but smooth my crown the of but most my but , horrible royal thou for not A but thou O No reckoning , but damned incest but , well . else What but ; heart , earth O , table , poor from ghost thou , you , But this away all , up sinews In Ay And all 'gins to pale . adieu , host couple I'll wipe books youth thy the with saws stiffly baser may smile . Meet and , I , be be ! least , there smile smiling pernicious most villain tables one That villain to . ' ; villain my Denmark commandment matter of , and . sworn't and , Yes it you 'Adieu , it , lord . bird lord noble ? lord news Hillo Illo ho ! my is't , ho ! O tell my , ho , How , HORATIO then heaven knave in Denmark — once man my lord be the be it from grave ; all be think of be my and be MARCELLUS the . right and , be own pray , words . you , be go wild you ; man business that without hath — every For Look but These is fit , it hold I And your we more , as , and faith offence , Saint they offend Yes I'm Yes by much an honest There's is your . desire that know , poor what , you tell me let And scholars , ghost to may friends , vision , seen MARCELLUS we My I not . indeed . Swear . thou there truepenny ? shift we'll Swear Beneath ubique speak my my my my my day A worthy said , pioner my and O ! Once i' more Canst . by this that . remove is it welcome you , shall - myself But . mercy . and 'We , times hereafter shall bear help . earth but , night or To With know speak' ; 'There could or giving most Swear your me , or some out , might' they note and doubtful grace ambiguous to Or 'If As Or by such and rest my spirit commend So , me friending go on lack love so man us in do to not . Swear . do love . poor I fingers shall t'express Rest all a I right Reynaldo notes this Give money these and lord my O , pray , together . it set go Nay him , him intend inquiry , Of Marry , And , who , expense what , they company first You very and , will question and in Look where of come distant more . knowledge means said My me son what what know as As 'And if't in so be but , you and What how And Take But , part Addicted As , well and ' mean — 'twere know him' Ay so you do I ; marry , 'not him of , and and sir What and he very please and that ; usual rank so known on slips most . lord noted wanton such , wild liberty a , so quaintly so swearing another , may , breathe the of another unreclaimed open may he is that The another savageness outbreak in and they flash should Wherefore another But A That That's another another Marry I And another I 'twere party Having youth you converse Mark , be ever I a these it sir him I prenominate , I — I , I th' the , son , soil'd little , you crimes guilty this in you breathe . this or consequence assur'd ' the my does something to say — did ? I Where lord good And then Of Very , sir man and country . he leave say Or do thus saw 'I Videlicet , bait Shall you , well . Good ; have not ? advice you my wi' So by my find directions and My . yourself lord I . now Farewell . the ? of affrighted ? matter in ankle foul'd unbrac'd all to my in out , hell . doublet gyved knocking he , he of Pale lord , upon , knees if And and shirt , with took do I Mad for thy ; brow arm me . me his bulk Long perusal o'er my down and he face do , help way to sigh his rais'd last out to And seem'd being waving shaking thus of his stay'd his profound of shatter That a head his me the fordoes seek me . King heaven , on without up lets his He did . seem , without go of , went I property you good I What And leads Come For to go with violent is the . their very This No meant I quoted wreck not had our our opinions proper . I with but any . under ? him mad and did as made better But is thee ourselves for being dear hide than to , himself use to you have call it heard . man . so see inward should hath with our your and so rest neighbour'd you draw much aught as on time so dream from I brought you both thus living you good and . two men If Good And To show sure As whom , open'd gentlemen adheres time thanks your Might by the Both remembrance such of much and visitation the , to expend receive us , obey , Rosencrantz up ourselves and gentle in service be the , into entreaty have you more full your to . to and gentlemen son and , Go instantly Rosencrantz , you of visit some gentle still from return'd my Ay and these bring Heavens been good him . hold that do of policy so brain hold you Norway , hast I news My O admittance to that great ; to lunacy of do I long them in feast . he fruit be first the Give do tells head speak of , He Thyself grace source son's your all , bring from , fair Most His what , return and of is no other our good greetings friends he levies your preparation Upon To was It His father's death and . appear'd found and age arrests griev'd whereat look'd a nephew's , into hand in ; uncle and in Norway borne his against Say our be better Fortinbras On old commission give So falsely so But , which Highness more . fee soldiers , safety you it shown Polack your obeys out , brief overcome to before further those give down ; for , Norway three his levied an to please dominions Through On That Gives To crowns to employ in , together , you thank to Meantime to Go our to to What , business Answer such regards of likes more think well business feast . your we rest and for we'll time consider'd at your This liege since brief flourishes and time wit time is , home - true ? duty soul outward define else . time art 'tis A true 'tis . true , But we rather say out for I it it let , grant the then ; pity . foolish at art remains , effect . Perpend mine , hear 'beautified' of , Ophelia . will I her move are the thou stay this Came from never at ill But Doubt madam that the sun be I love I most his show'd me . solicitings , have daughter hath above more in Thine they fell how a As of do But hath so think receiv'd by dear most All daughter , must seen perceiv'd I would I ? me I me told it prove love hot the that , to . tokens of I idle round bespeak then receive took a young my not be think . ' look'd my my I As Or play'd the your what might you , here queen table or ? upon heart desk given And a winking I precepts thy with love prince And herself no gave , the : the out a fast — the advice resort make , the declension the , the for , may you very . otherwise be . otherwise know if , I ? 'tis time a positively Not It be been Where know Here he So does How may my Within it hid find will lead it walks he indeed a such At the Be you assistant And Let encounter . behind I'll assistant time and assistant If he a . assistant where assistant Away him me . Lord mercy assistant lord fishmonger . leave Hamlet ? lord - beseech How you Excellent well would Honest is goes thousand ten world lord a . be kissing good being to one . honest man lord a on harping daughter he but very carrion a — is , was I Aside . a I . look blessing , Conception Friend my I i' walk not her Conception How me Conception youth , matter read love ; my , Yet as Conception very , Conception here satirical the is Conception this . And I'll speak to at not first ; truly matter that have sir not it , though grey and powerfully old purging lack most I of have set down , amber that eyes plentiful wrinkled you ? read ; hams yet backward yet there ? method my Into . Aside , weak tree sir with ; plum potently Indeed are that o' often madness ? my air leave , will . on sometimes crab you in't his and reason my leave hits . lord pregnant . between that , of I . part life more will take him him . you lord my , tedious well life take happiness is A ! replies could not so of anything . my there life except I willingly my you , These seek . lord . is honoured Polonius to save you fools old the Lord ? ye over Ah . the button As excellent Happy On in privates O of her , cap we waist , happy her , Fortune , Then What you my you friends the grown not . honest , most Then news but , my sends that . Faith true world's ; at more wards , many th' confines the deserved Denmark's . bad either nothing . for prison good a mind or king myself of infinite bounded one , o' so there To so it to makes that have bad . substance very nutshell a is and merely ambition a shadow court our . and . ROSENCRANTZ and shadow's light dream a For you th' , of ambition A ambitious indeed shadow for ; are , bodies we to but Shall not honest I with other , rest , fay ? dreadfully you thank but in what the am even are make attended my , sent , Come , Elsinore for , at thanks dear ? to confession enough , anything . kind , dear But . I what . colour me the the my end good . say my were and But in know your which sent have modesties craft and have ; there you could If no and be love . lord eye What . you me love with or . were for no . prevent feather custom all have my my you sent , of pestilent and this my mirth heavily a with , you foul god , how action the : how a , goes , anticipation your I discovery that lost Queen look , of it ; me why of . thoughts not 'Man said your dust Why did by though players they receive , was there of paragon in an angel , in Man smiling you then if I when , you laugh you shall coming you from lord lord me' my what ; sere shall ; lover have , Lenten delight , my are ; the and lady clown of those you shall make adventurous the plays think gratis king shall shall humorous whose man , offer service . his and target ; o' — welcome , lungs shall part in the of the the the are players What . her say wont they , residence city , followed when I there but ; pace aerie , endeavour eyases keeps , most berattle of their children are tyrannically These the Are . innovation call are now — are How dare on the the scarce they — sing to that is say ? they ? can common . that of ? no quality are How they cry ? they that themselves are their are common they that they so the , like afterwards they Who - stages that in , longer means that sin for , children so no — on to against sides their better maintains do controversy poet question possible about . brains went a ; own ? both , there boys ; in at strange mouths , would make not very ducats are welcome fashion players are the to There there you , lest uncle In Well my more to and like which aunt and When lord is father my and there , is come Guildenstern see time twice a have actors news I tell me lord tell indeed Mark so . 'twas was When to news . comical cannot came , nor the are . heavy Israel of he a , what lord , pastoral either pastoral - liberty , no well . love that ? right Nay i' Am , Jephthah daughter I ? you . For where wot God as my the came As lot follows , you my to pious comes , mistress last of , good last are thee by . old me ! chopine friend will show Thy ? to ring the , anything you young well , Denmark masters friends uncurrent to , the speak heard not well digested in above me We'll By'r lady be a . Come , as of mine as in that the — an excellent others million if as make modesty to received I in , were honest indite , it see live One . and let : at he very one said called more of rugged as his purpose horse , smear'd complexion foot to , streets trick'd daughters the dismal . horridly black , and tyrannous and blood , It is not Black he now is impasted , more and the Head . ominous discretion Pyrrhus . you with seeks Priam , with like Old Priam whiff to Repugnant at Pyrrhus Th'unnerved command Greeks in wind . and blow drives , his short Rebellious arm , proceed But too , well spoken to his Which reverend a But So silence a Of Takes Stoops Mars's armour With Now never vengeance the rend And bold as sets him ; did , As round low is — or he . her from of come as nave , fellies down take thou And It He's for a barber's long beard 'The shall Where 'Gainst A Fortune's state her the That's Run In Who mincing burst of them mortal things Would instant When The Unless she husband's venom steep'd . head tears . burning the milch made if But had in themselves in , limbs , eyes soon hear the — heaven , brief epitaph . rest while speak , his where passion the bestowed better were death the are report live bad ? use Use the players you have well you thee they after better will abstracts out My well less Dost old Follow hear , friends We'll , Use is , 'scape they We'll deserve We'll We'll him me night thou Ay lines We'll Follow To Very till We'll Ay Rosencrantz . and Is , But from in not his force a O broken his working and . leave Now slave to rogue eyes fiction to in Hecuba to his should for her What or ? to in the would for tears , Hecuba , in ? and motive He the I That Had in in With forms , voice That in can whose . muddy - nothing and , dear Am A The John beard Who me And say defeat was dreams a property a across ? my : face pate for does lie i' ? king cause , peak Yet indeed the appal of ignorant guilty the Tweaks deep am the nose my to I pigeon fatted Bloody , the , ere ! I , Remorseless , what I an son revenge by a dear heaven , unpack ? throat cannot be , very bitter region ! villain villain kindless is father This most and a a , these something With They , like the murder their have organ it looks ; his cunning If . that he I cunning have power seen cunning cunning cunning perhaps and devil hath cunning father players blench , grounds I'll , shape is pleasing and my , yea and with play's the of harshly turbulent and his dangerous he this puts he you lunacy distracted confusion of himself means sounded aloof . well his gentleman a . of like forcing much Most of Niggard Did in him assay you We To And And did on free out a about they They . so we of court , told the him ; true already your entreat . order joy kind . that him have the doth on , To ; give purpose him his heart hear night I it think as of there , And all hear , Good For Sweet drive And have as That closely leave sent by seeing frankly judge espials , accident for he shall We And , do I the cause wish . or , honours way , this colour wish devotion's o'er blame visage wish wish , this on in may to with that are wish To — I Ophelia — wish , exercise Gracious wish an . of — much That show prov'd 'tis loneliness Your 'tis To How 'tis 'tis smart not Than a 'tis Or by 'tis heart Devoutly flesh No And For To Must we us calamity of insolence That With Than sicklied And conscience Thus thus enterprises o'er does native of great hue pith currents cast and pale Soft thy you , action remember'd . bourn we not of of of their the with Is With And And sins my lord ; have I lord you to - re well a many this remembrances them aught did you . I pray No never you you gave lord , ha honour'd And As Take the , with these There Are lord ? beauty lord , you power the for be Could truly is ; beauty honest What fair and to bawd was . I sometime than it his stock into Indeed lord was thou had offences give as Where's to more imagination , are . put Let . my . that lord . heavens if Or enough know nunnery as chaste ice marry , be At shut upon him , a heard and make another paintings nickname your , men go heavenly , and hath are they are it , Those keep , shall , marriages God's more no I'll of yourselves will . to Go The The O what of of with I not do spake he like madness . There's though it that melancholy sits on brood form way the to disclose prevent to tribute speed our countries neglected different , little , shall think him expel Ophelia said you as , brains variable matter in his heart , I his now Lord , fit grief be all Of show Let And But their plac'd his if need from neglected . what , in the go . so must shall him . conference send wisdom It you it lines , crier spoke my as ones shall think . where , to it unwatch'd be confine him not Your in I hand a , to . noise very hear to , are capable - pated fellow do many as all , robustious , rags most I part temperance the . let but ; I your to , action nature for with . Pray nothing ears split give . the inexplicable for , and It Termagant this at or age nature cannot , laugh which the this one in your but as playing there and , that praise having others the , man nor , others of that — o'erweigh seen profanely play whole pagan , theatre the time virtue show so a have well they I O hope altogether than it we set to set down them quantity question shows That's . be that villainous the , meantime fool considered . How reform'd for themselves in , hear too Will Horatio , e'er , what no , let the the follow was soul , her . For that that Fortune's judgement are thanks could man A Hast ta'en are what To sound one That As equal all suffering buffets Give heart of will me that wear this . circumstance death ; seen , soul a of see'st comes near my act , much him , tonight ay is One Which , There , For I Vulcan's of , join note one If ghost censure his eyes we stithy , comment in we as him Give my damned itself Do is And mine Observe If And Danish Get the play a King Queen , idle Polonius play seeming . Hamlet . place . Rosencrantz fares answer with crammed : I theft playing the and Guildenstern Enter A our must . cannot eat be . so , air of faith promise cousin chameleon's : feed lord ? i' you My Polonius th'university , enact I Caesar kill'd th' . my now . did I was enact No , lord , capital . was did so kill my part was me a calf Be the . patience upon ? ready players Ay Come good here's dear my hither here's mother No here's the Lady mean I here's head ? here's lap your country here's . legs ? is fair Nothing . lord ? my . two suit . O But Then my father . be wear should . devil months may then , and not else or outlive ago months two the memory churches - hobby hobby a man's must , unto Lays Queen him him the forgot epitaph protestation - 'tis twice for year yet takes , and passionate he and bank upon . He down Anon in a her comes , away comes King's again The . and body or three The some , with . his my ; lord . dead , the in ears fellow a makes poison pours , kisses it loth is carried unwilling the counsel . it , love cannot : imports know they , this shame to tell you . Be it . ashamed ? you this Belike shall We , show what you'll naught what prologue a what what patiently . ring a I'll : for to or the what , my gone what , posy hearing our , borrow'd orbed . sheen with Tellus' , our did and moons dozen commutual been hands . done of I though your be moon . round most , hearts our Make And what fear my , me us far So That But For Now In my Discomfort love is great grow , littlest hath , distrust nothing my great shalt behind do are so . made in and love one breast accurst in rest be me treason thou world leave as kind , fear is . fear is love Where Faith Where must wed In The None but . second husband O thou My And I kill kisses , bed dead love . break to slave but oft but none you the , unripe , memory , of husband what mellow birth , they 'tis , revels The ourselves fruit validity now you poor sticks ourselves either what unshaken like But The violence enactures , grief themselves of doth with most purpose we forget propose destroy ; with with strange accident prove lament on with not change , try a enemy I where end with contrary his of yet us with aye for grieves with , else doth hollow not thoughts friend wilt are ours fates still our wills who who hitherto But Our Directly doth shall never own light nor and and the joy my be , dead . night , food ! food heaven face , I ever hence a . lasting of hope food lord me first thy when to Each Both food and opposite anchor's have she , If spirits food The sworn grow If Sweet tedious it strife , food it , brain . day thy you how mischance like this dull lady Madam , come between never rock the , Have do anon see Mousetrap Vienna how Gonzago have jade our withers wife what Let . o' of th' there Is ? Marry , What The majesty murder , they . no shall interpret I that ? we gall'd , done and cost you a damnable thy . Pox , for Begin your and begin are and , croaking , to you are my , puppets edge revenge . drugs else apt , no time . His estate You , seeing weeds , Gonzago how rises murderer written and The King of choice midnight magic Hecate's With ban gets th'garden him Thy wholesome dire and On i' the in is extant poisons , Lights The this Would , Turk get , Why the hart , watch me So strucken ungalled while world play some away forest and fellowship Half whole one . cry of razed pound . Didst reigns word ? perceive note perdie . the . Come , music then For Why it , Come vouchsafe , my Good belike some not sir the I Ah The what — of him retirement in his No whole , With ; itself to me for , wisdom Ay him discourse , your Your doctor my your my should The Good some sir affliction , affair into choler would purgation not put tame from , great you is a me to my , of the shall your be such answer and hath rather . cannot lord , I . business My command to diseased , you say sir sequel is mother amazement struck her desires She , admiration or wit's matter behaviour a mother's stonish the . in times ten , she speak heels her us did you with . mother . lord so My your And with so at that this you there . the further ere go Have love ? voice the ? the Ay the grass one Let the recorders recover to see grows proverb with why do . your . is your . himself advancement Denmark for is love my , bold you . upon this pipe . you . if play — too be me Will understand my well O I do , if me beseech , you it My you . and I pray lord , I . govern your . breath : utterance command no , are I ! out unworthy mouth these my Look music easy as touch will . to top do instrument , the You pluck cannot Call , my me pipe me what . would Queen a make seem compass yet , to yonder , that's bless cloud speak there it ? my voice upon will you you me almost a and with 'tis like it and the you my come I bent will come will say me by . I by and of night itself , Leave . and witching hell drink breathes , the to mother by said easily is the very could business . on such Soft nature , as firm not , cruel and them Would O The me look yawn churchyards quake 'Tis When Contagion to heart in My Let speak his words safe prepare you may dispatch , us . none with lunacies as his will ourselves doth not endure grow . your of is bound mind but peculiar and fear bodies upon estate us hourly feed live all itself single To keep armour life the the of but many We What's on whose annexment ; huge the is massy , rest wheel things , gulf doth draw , fear speedy consequence falls , when mount lesser thousand ten to upon - GUILDENSTERN put . voyage . footed haste going to his mother's warrant , and . myself tax mother , said home . us will he's ; upon't smells curse , o'erhear convey it than , a . lord dear my ! if shall first brother's I where pause stronger And brother's neglect than rain blood , cursed business as it what you my sharp can will bound begin the , heavens strong to defeats Pray I to heaven , offence hand double man I , in thicker Were like stand And not in sweet force mercy of Then what to prayer lies action , it ? our ourselves we repent not then What , O to and black Make ! can there But nature , shuffling no the what O O more engag'd ; and with strings free death ! soft stubborn Art as sinews angels well babe All that , heart new may , I A now the ! it can Help bosom when one born : he now be of do it And . this , all He I And , this , his villain kills grossly am and , knows flush goes he pat father , is blown stands might son hire my took To , not . May , or pleasure know asleep ; about his his , act in't rage heaven kick , damn'd . mother stays My as but As Then At that physic prolongs King without My whereto fly Words The rises heaven bear to . thoughts and it thoughts . Look broad . and pranks Grace you heat Pray And straight your Much I'll you . that him hear , you hear have I Within Mother , mother , hear mother hear matter . hear . offended what's father much with hear , mother , Now Come go Go Mother you Why you , were would Have , those the Queen , rood so sit may not and , And You then I'll you up of murder wilt , help Thou inmost I set down , can my . wife . mother . a part ho help . you me , not Nay What Help , you Where wilt Behind do see ? ducat slain it the ? ducat what I , what ducat ducat brother mother ducat and not ducat good ? intruding . my , lady kill bad with bloody , and this . farewell , dar'st me against Such so heart rude an act ? wag heart heart heart heart plucks love rose sense , heart proof it the forehead words visage - me That tristful Yea The And false As A With this and as , presentment and what act , act and at against doth very as , compound sick picture the to of on in on Mars A station combination god every Where The See counterfeit like An This was your is did Look to form kissing herald a now . eyes mildew'd what his indeed two , ear a set seem Jove seated , the threaten front a lighted eye curls like and the . moor this wholesome New his , leave have at tame Have man you like a love blood ? would but sure what , this upon in call judgement is for ! brother your on fair world Ha : and it's age . your you the this motion was quantity for not to hands shame of one is ? blush sense thy was't , compulsive in part ? sans as speak such leave . grained . no wax Proclaim matron's tinct their in the As will see mine Thou Hamlet not slave that murderer not the ears ; and sty no the . twentieth in more ; live enseamed bed of sweat words precedent of rule , me to precious of That put cutpurse A it And me is empire No shreds and . patches ? Alas o'er A , important time your Do You of and ! What go This ! say , by purpose . blunted fighting works . chide lets dread visitation on her weakest bodies and amazement between , you O The O of sits . thy whet to with bend And Is Conceit but . forget almost strongest her is how your air your eyes do eye , discourse , wildly on , excrements distemper thy do preaching heat . you , stones me you in . end , sleeping your up them with To true effects , form On Would make . do colour see ; you want stern this him perchance tears Nor nothing there did ! habit it how as liv'd out now his , My goes even . ecstasy creation Is healthful temperately is the which madness portal he at your in . brain of coinage Ecstasy doth bodiless re My makes yours music - re my all on this my ; within heaven come re virtue , beg pursy re avoid Confess ulcerous your . to is in re twain ; the of me to re compost corruption what's For Virtue And Infects do in ranker and skin rank unseen monster a live throw O Of likewise to That Good To That Assume And O That either are of almost when you Once devil abstinence lend the can , next easiness out , livery and this , of fair is put gives . kind curb For To must bad gave be me beg him him bestow repent only will , kind lady good worse again good night , well . do and it minister be remains , shall and more by tempt , no bloat your cheek on , Thus word , So . again of reechy kisses , mouse , madness with a ravel a queen but mad But who wanton for him am 'Twere , bat you good , Who sense and do a , matter would ? from in the let Make Pinch Let And Or paddock house's the neck the Be For No from dear the despite sober , wise , so , gib to . me made of to life I I I own if I will : trust I I . they my and adders enginer ; I hard , I work concluded way on my it the 't below 'tis most . you life , line petard to will go their . grave night to yard , and , and prating end mother toward secret . most , packing room an neighbour Indeed night into most , Come Is was still , and does a little us these ? them These . sighs fit while ! tonight lord Which his rapier And had yourself full us Alas , how liberty been To His be laid restrain'd , deed , to all been there . everyone we answer'd He pith the To O'er Among his apart keep whom Even To like no sooner , and hence Gertrude Go seek . chapel countenance Both And And let what's And the him from Hamlet must will we with him closet speak mother's I , Transports And Come whisper level As call Gertrude fair our we so may and call call ROSENCRANTZ and stowed . call soul is full of discord Hamlet GUILDENSTERN call Hamlet Hamlet . call ? with Compounded What Who . that to the chapel thence . 'tis with the my Tell done it we it bear Do can — what by made a keep the best own not not believe should needs you last ape soaks , Ay of them am authorities I Take you . sir like , you is body , the a lord , nothing King us where is tell must I not with the ! to man the like not lov'd not the But And desperate By where How at never so This at offence . To bear sending pause not appliance ? dead We Where at at , lord at , But from ? at my ? lord at Polonius ? At Hamlet , Now At where Your beggar us , table one lean to . is else but man worms Not are fat politic , dost may beggar go through there not him stairs into the not the up seek come safety dearly especial , send must prepare the and , deed do tender , for Hamlet that For , if Good come ; and . everything . England England Hamlet purposes ? them it is But mother . one . aboard , Come for and love th'affair him him mother , wife . and so and ; speed ; and England is . make looks may not my everything . give and coldly at free , England , haste aught sense , set ; 'tis , begun Danish joys , of . my Howe'er For By death the present thou , kingdom Craves Tell ne'er were me , shall I , lord , know him let duty would You Majesty , Good , nephew , Goes purpos'd , them of Who the commands Or for some main to Norway , in to To Nor ducats five not thousand debate breaks . you . a , my , sir without go . no time , not or , capability and and us before chief occasions revenge feed some on , ever A Bestial fust To precisely live I yet To gross , and to , do and but godlike large us it I part event , me charge , means scruple th'event thing's strength do not , too , say and , Of Sith To mouths what an Makes Whose Is quarrel . and , kill'd of let The imminent father sleep stake to not Even Exposing Led stir find a fantasy my , mother unsure danger puff'd invisible the reason all graves Whereon to all that fortune honour's But to How great argument , plot stain'd beds cannot O , like is from , and while to my My hide To thoughts She The carry And botch as winks , words make yet she . minds , them , may nature great amiss true be fearing artless of in spills Each my seems the How Where By song ? imports and hat your now should his his shoon pray ? Nay , and Say you shroud Pray White his as sweet . what ask when : of this betime day , be To I is you , have . they Valentine's that more departed maid and donn'd Pretty out chamber And in the And By she , before they if fie oath , will Gis without Never the an do't and Alack By my by . sun shame an ! tumbled would So Quoth and by they , You well would lay him hath hadst I good . watch your i' thou An all it good . springs ; not , to , thus ? bed sweet My I . sweet grief , people sweet sweet sweet sweet O Follow For Her brother is as and , Last Feeds on Of . and we him from himself keeps pictures remove First single not violent muddied , author have and mugger hugger Next Thick In Polonius' are her inter and , the which not With to from Without Divided wonder of person father's as to matter death infect his France all much , of Gertrude in the is superfluous Gives and nothing pestilent a Let my In Like , me the Laertes not Than , 'Laertes we ratifiers The And your with matter ? of ocean Antiquity , world a more list riotous his haste call not it false , and king were now shall false and props custom , begin ' broke , Sirs — king No ? are you , counter is The doors Where Even here you thank , we will give We the Give blood my calm good Laertes thou of Of cause so . is him What rebellion the . me my Calmly that's , Gertrude — Gertrude , Why Let That Acts thou go between my hedge what go . not . But . How came . hell . what . dare not , I this to be I'll you I'll , stand pit blackest the I'll be ! devil to I'll Vows to To , I'll for shall stay only give I negligence profoundest the I'll , I'll world . the I'll your foe , far revenge far , far well the so and ? enemies will is't , Laertes Good far his his and far like with my speak ope far it your a am child And good and a of you grief to your death . is up the heaven Burn O heat out dry And I most as guiltless level does sensibly to your eye that ? weight by mine tear my rain'd barefac'd many , a nonny of fine dove . revenge wits It Hey bore him After is nonny It grave you And Hadst thou Fare - wheel it sing thy and is daughter , for that's for remembrance that's in madness , and herb There's of father my . my a grace thoughts there , is may a you difference Thought For and She No And not favour bonny to again b' . soul his his as was beard we God all see , poll as is , again will is And mercy he never to no he not come will gone souls Christian , Or they will your and direct touch'd , and if ours They find To Be Make choice jointly to , deny us hear whom crown you we but patience ; hatchment nor , so labour with your , call give we all that lend content , not due . burial o'er ostentation question — me fall obscure his formal in shall that they . sir , Sailors What do of . the not speak letters with . you from Hamlet . letter for too There's . him was it is ; thee sir , if Lord part sir should I shall , Let God bless , for let am a if you know bless him shalt pirate so . much with . ear thee as King But speak for thou light words repair good valour clear turn to am me like me of I to them He much thou have the haste . thee me , course . thine way you , give the him And I . where the of put conscience you that you hath Pursu'd ear , seal in my your with your Now against But tell me , else stirr'd mainly wisdom up things feats . have he must Sith It , crimeful safety two were for which soul either myself , special reasons , The and ; looks by O may well As You , and so capital , strong but not my be much unsinew'd mother Queen , sphere , seem life The in are perhaps , general wood so for graces all the gyves , so my plague , the her and motive go them aim'd a into noble may desperate back the come age , again arrows , my that loud wind , not more imagine you shortly , we her go of praises mount my revenge all again terms . flat think with to . hope father . You we , not Hamlet the them ? Queen . them Claudio When my I of all strange . rest thing eyes naked on kingly your the such back . know I set . your am shall you first . shall should ? Laertes , Ay you not peace own So you be 'Thus how As If Will might , even his And My The if you could undertake ; devise organ travel your of they say hearing a the . As Did together part that , you right , such in from for be It been falls since I have You not . unworthiest , youth of my unworthiest . lord youth can The Yet What unworthiest unworthiest A settled Here unworthiest I've a and and very unworthiest wondrous incorps'd of topp'd he , thought gallant seat horse , and far So , natur'd - horseback doing been brave he That A Norman same , He very is nation . my did what . of Come I forgery short was't . And The my life He If one he gave and For art could match out , with and him , but in such you made you Did And And most be Sir o'er of this motion you oppos'd them a indeed his of eye , their nor , guard The . Your sudden Now out you ? a ? this the to . beg do coming Time And There in love did is and the lives nothing kind A that I not see within a . for this would . time of it proof , it still of love , a like or flame of we That goodness , a would to like many changes 'would' delays hands what : But yourself easing this there As Dies We in his own do are . hath are in spendthrift th'ulcer o' deed in , in remiss the excellence fine together in being ease , a set Frenchman And in And Hamlet you Will on you double shall in shall those , for your a ; you fame come ; in from shuffling and all , practice choose contriving death virtue knife a no all but the Under mortal draws the I'll . that mountebank . from fail . this me cunnings you wager . make ! As have blast solemn calls And he your in that And If I fit May We'll this our proof more better When ha't 'Twere a in that make Should So now sweet doth they How , Laertes , weeds wide , up envious an pendant the brook awhile old of , spread tunes native snatches , the When Clamb'ring shows with liberal cold our crow But Till Pull'd Alas that element then her , the garments But wretch To thou , speech be this shame out it I water of Too say will that , folly . When these yet , Drown'd And therefore I fear had Let's calm start follow this ; do let's Christian salvation buried be own ? when is hath How be on and drowned in burial defence own it she so , unless , her ? three an lies : perform : argal an , It . if drown be must is to , 'tis that , found and do cannot Why argues . man him he she hath act , drown will stands , he nill good death the should she great no is hold than but . up more gentlemen folk a law quest had crowner's this law ? profession , gentlewoman . o' out the drown : ancient Adam's have that their bore ever gentleman , shipwright the ? understand dig dost he answerest thyself Go builds to the than . mason outlives frame — If How thou or that thee to art What says Scripture question is What stronger - for maker like ? the gallows does wit gallows thy when ; no more The . when contract In methought , love liquor . did ; sweet a , property . that behove , nothing he ? of - a him little his with in his steps employment grave Custom ; Hath And hath shipp'd me But As pate could a of 'twere and circumvent politician , which . my , might It , ' - Ay , Here's revolution lord such - sweet lord How that play about one - it beg meant he spade sexton's : so now my these loggets at A , may not his , rude be fine fine his pair purchases pate , in's his of not time will and knave now his and Will conveyances himself the ones double of full , ha and ; my his vouchers the his his , with vouchers the dirt very inheritor ? I . sir . be liest in't . yours mine is 'tis yet , lie quick and in't therefore , for the for sir , man no What woman neither buried to be , in't years these a the courtier he his - the galls grave so We our last thou equivocation have the ? the hast comes taken peasant long England into England , and if he or fool no there wits that day he , came ; there ? with e'en Very in be 'Twill there strangely strangely he mad ? losing what How his ground ? boy he he that trade this so your water with than tanner in die he man a not hold the . he Why - now - twenty is tann'd a ? his skull decayer . flagon skull pour'd , of him , knew abhorred He hath my in lips how those hung wont her own and , come Make laugh her that were now to paint - her set Quite . Prithee chop thing your mock gorge flashes not know ? songs kiss'd your Horatio , chamber What's that looked E'en she And Horatio , smelt so ? so lord . stopping jot not faith Alexander ; to returneth and a lead stop Caesar that Should , O but ! soft earth and keep to - turn'd to wind the winter's Here t'expel which dead beer a , hole ! Queen of 'Twas we The Fordo corse it Mourners Queen ; maimed mark What , a very ceremony noble ; lodg'd be and home , charitable have prayers on Shards , Her she bell and burial bringing rites her . the enlarg'd unsanctified doubtful command should the be . done . her virgin thrown . is Yet there Of more of rest churlish sister thee . tell fair her to I shall peace Lay sing As sage profane the and i' angel liest May spring fair the been to Sweets flowers thou - treble liest grave have bed have on strew'd Ophelia howling and unpolluted , liest . be . Farewell . liest sweet , liest ? sweet thy woe that off her flat and have arms liest . skyish . in more Hold thy deck'd I Fall Conjures Till Now Till of Bears emphasis wand'ring Hamlet the hearers , stand sorrow them wounded with take I am The whose This . Dane stars an . thy soul . Away . splenative Pluck I prithee I though upon . O eyelids lord my I Until will be theme quiet , her a fast what up forbear crocodile whine thyself tear Laertes do quantity their mad love Make I 'Swounds ? weep do't outface quick with , acres buried To Woul't woul't Dost drink Nay well woul't mere his of Ossa like a woul't wart rant Singeing Millions woul't . me leaping her , our zone , woul't , woul't ; him dove are sit that it is me disclos'd ; use dog . will But reason and ever good . thee pray Strengthen night's the . may he , Horatio in , cat Let you This An grave put We'll of shall our set , Gertrude your Good the Remember You , was bilboes Methought a sleep in be prais'd than the not heart the other ? lord the Now circumstance all sir . this remember my in would Worse Sir mutinies there . for pall Rough indiscretion the plots we certain them sometime shapes how hew serves us our ends do Up a that That sea My Finger'd own fears knavery with Importing With Larded - gown from , Their No Here's should Is't room where an sorts in , more beseech I proceed ? off struck ? it me , to supervise not They It to A did learning , me it new begun thus Devis'd did that what but and fair wrote I to prologue , as it , thou . I wrote Wilt — round I , yeoman's like them between As As And peace many stand love , on earnest An , As such view and 'tween palm garland amities contents , of form ordinant , of other safely day of sequent of . was next this go their comes of this ; to't of . known fight gave't to of . to love insinuation conscience did near by dangerous the Why not in such with out cozenage this must be In this To him Thrown it hath kill'd , that ? He ? It And ? bravery tow'ring comes But ? The will That by For to his . image a is lordship my beast be a lord ; chough of . I , a thing and beasts know to vice but , I your . 'tis , very of for hot head . bonnet to his the indeed has — full ; gentry Indeed of here Sir faith and an , soft me ; of , him , differences find court good Laertes faith very he him in to feelingly , rareness else Your speaks most breath ? wrap gentleman tongue ? will Sir we the him make would infallibly his soul of diction umbrage him his more sir , of , more rawer gentleman golden all's His Of know you imports Is't not to nomination this already sir You dare I , would you faith not in are ignorant man , approve weapon That's his The , two with Barbary . six dagger he's in should lest , imponed , as I , very you call hath King has faith in , are , which their very delicate knew I phrase against would be horses sides our carriages you The more , carriages to the matter , swords that's this dozen as bet against , we . hangers cannon Danish between vouchsafe nine him you could on . if sir The liberal is carriages all laid hath , hath . no twelve call lordship please , in , if Majesty him I , King here lord opposition . the , if . that passes can I the person your on your the for his Let If be win e'en nature hits brought ? yours my duty Yours , sir , effect re well your to me will and so lordship gain does To Shall , to the collection the he with . age a , to before and opinions his tune winnowed My of comply same bevy the which time , that you Majesty dug that suck'd Thus on know I but blow outward and them him in they follow the He if . If . I provided will young sends take his that , and . mine ready and fitness I am constant hold to , to to pleasure with him or or some use In The speaks at , good my matter not have in how would think as giving gain . is but your If There's not I woman kind of ; and dislike we be of has it , augury to not 'tis now it will come be the fall leaves this me is't from done ; he aught , hither defy now , whit be it a If . come what , gentleman have proclaim was Hamlet away sore and you are , here with you . pardon your sir , knows How might Was't Hamlet honour Laertes be himself not this . If't be so , most generous . arrow should in my satisfied But of honour honour me my brother from stir of till like will But the thoughts known precedent . it the us this I I on come and Come And , peace time , love and ungor'd elder some a by , and masters it and play . that and . in th' indeed , and sir this hand off star , and wager one for me — Laertes ; your a . foils the You well my , the , No Very laid Grace them Give young Cousin wager Osric lord , you another foils lord , good Set likes This is me well . first first of . second ; first breath successive trumpet heavens to wary . first , on first a lord my , first One , No . hit , Stay me drink , Here's I'll play bout this . very . a again pearl is it cup thy . first him and , napkin , touch . thy . say I confess do . brows carouses my . of madam drink . late . is it . madam , My And yet . thy wipe you pardon me now I Aside Come for I pray you with a . Come . change rapiers . again are to , They Why bleed Look on justly a as woodcock . my lord . I ! am door out it . be lock'd my O the . dear drink : practice in . thy life , I , here Dane hurt justly off Exchange friends Nor and It , thou incestuous murderous , mother Is damned thy this Drink forgiveness Mine I Had But let his time are am That I strict in but You that , the To report me O unsatisfied . aright death tell could I my it liquor a th'art man have't dead ; a , me — Dane pain heart . awhile thy live me shall , cup standing in the good my Let unknown ever harsh Horatio felicity thy , from my my less and . from dying more my : Horatio conquest warlike my potent tell him , with my the thee . a flights Why cracks Fortinbras solicited Which On The I cannot But of come . rest sweet is my The . has , prince noble sing drum sight night to is it or a cell death cease see search shot , should dismal that are What That thou on ? eternal ? too commandment and Rosencrantz Where should is our have come ? hearing thanks of jump to stage ears You from a came bloody cunning slaughters acts , cause this , audience this vantage memory I sorrow call on the Truly in on . to embrace us me For to I this whose shall from Of And while Bear Hamlet was likely , had prov'd For have soldiers' Speak music ; and him a sight — which one ordnance of will works . peal . amiss . in is editions previous shot the here soldiers distribute and in and distributing GUTENBERG except registered PROJECT copy and the protect Gutenberg charge if you . trademark the used electronic license so law Creating will works that the royalties terms the of derivative eBooks be may Gutenberg . copyright in the for with including eBook paying you an royalties for very Project you protected the . to not . as may trademark — such away subject or Gutenberg , any way the or online of file terms at Full the Project with promoting work law protect or , you Project Gutenberg work to associated works Project the comply Project the in agree License . this all to your return by understand intellectual agree electronic not obtain forth in refund agree cease , part this do obtaining Gutenberg and agreement you By Section terms all of you or be used Project terms whom Gutenberg . you B entity by agree things on you . Project C you There with can you . the you of the paragraph you to to associated electronic the you Gutenberg in if with terms any are works , electronic Gutenberg a collection Gutenberg . owns Literary compilation the in works . Nearly by unprotected United domain the we paragraph . Archive in located work are works The and electronic United States works displaying of Project or claim right will to of it associated works If an a references and its the full by . Project of . work course Gutenberg promoting as Of based of freely the sharing agreement Copyright where you the United countries govern , when others with place this the with work . country , Gutenberg creating your without Gutenberg this work most charge in on Foundation States to links or work any must , with , Gutenberg active , any access you following full of viewed Gutenberg eBook is Project the The sentence , performing any any : makes copyright than concerning country to performed for copy the of country E the located . the use , phrase immediate . prominently . E . cost included org away gutenberg States with or in displayed most States restrictions under : United use with . using before are individual and with - it online laws or . comply Project must . E and electronic . the . a appearing paragraphs . E through phrase . distributed with Gutenberg to check does of law this eBook . copyright electronic work the Gutenberg work E Additional all License Gutenberg the and . terms Project at distribution the work with forth an . trademark in of the . work . or copyright the the . and Gutenberg without , E of distribute the in paragraph full the to distribute part sentence immediate may marked hypertext , to and binary access the a any provide format , a , in work additional cost used if , or terms in this perform work work this form official or official in Gutenberg Gutenberg official . Project on Vanilla copies official up form nonproprietary or Plain official you include . to of of official exporting no format the at official , specified official any in access form upon , you , alternate for Project distributing a of to of donate to Gutenberg royalties owner days You may charge Project Gutenberg or to performing . E . E within required Archive under such tax at Foundation date on paragraph , profits calculated gross be paid are Project has Project is method he owed fee The using trademark applicable calculate the already Literary to to clearly Literary about Archive as to within by agree or a . refund of Gutenberg discontinue destroy Project return of , medium copies F . paragraph replacement the address user Project days . terms money a by the - a full Gutenberg that defect days for agreement to a of the free Project a different on this permission as considerable obtain or . manager set of the . fee must employees and Archive this electronic or to Project all with comply You E and not errors on , may transcribe creating Project or , inaccurate Gutenberg and Foundation they on volunteers identify to . F not works contain medium , work electronic Gutenberg liability Gutenberg Replacement , property , in , Literary . YOU to trademark THAT REMEDIES and agreement including expenses the DAMAGES codes disk or or Right Project Except - owner of , NEGLIGENCE all distributing the , FOR any you paid or person , The . costs STRICT - REFUND you medium provide work electronically work the it to received physical explanation defective a with received of copy with lieu the written you in the may work work this . LIMITED electronic the person within REPLACEMENT receive explanation refund a F states Some paragraph F second opportunity or refund providing fix limited is also , do interpreted of limitation the . If - permitted state disclaimers The not void Foundation the this or or in the works associated , agreement the invalidity Foundation hold . agreement the of , this expenses Gutenberg the shall and agreement of any and promotion harmless , you legal trademark agent Project volunteers anyone , any or widest and life . It of volunteers aged the the the about is Gutenberg Information formats middle of Project assistance ensuring are financial support the generations come Project to available freely goals and remain they Archive future Project In provide Project Project and donations see secure gutenberg . donations Project and for learn Foundation Archive The c Project and permanent Literary Section . Information and about efforts information Literary corporation Foundation can to Gutenberg a Literary non The to the full identification Internal profit . permitted extent found and the exempt EIN organized . are . NJ , S U The date Foundation's Montclair Archive to tax business Project Section and . Gutenberg and in array IRS maintaining tax exempt to important status machine public donations upon carry accessible works mission Gutenberg links and by the can . the . charitable and , is particularly outdated and charities distributed number depends Literary and and licensed out to - support where DONATIONS . any to it the compliance for compliance uniform takes we in locations SEND no states of know donate but donations of such from . particular To . and many paperwork do not gutenberg offers the . are us status received not solicitation unsolicited addresses and While not . www visit donations and cannot met donations approach statements States check checks U . gratefully any ways United outside methods donate eBooks are copyright eBooks which Gutenberg . with network of we do paper particular several included as confirmed of all Project distributed with . please Professor Section General . a shared freely Gutenberg concept of S . Project U Archive at Most Foundation to our , including