Who's live Long answer . your the ! upon thee . Francisco bitter . hour bed at sick quiet you I relief And am Get thanks had Have watch my of rivals If a , Well to ho bid night Marcellus make ! Stand Friends them , Dane night to liegemen good . reliev'd ? Barnardo there appear'd tonight . again of our take , Welcome thing . him . hold this speak . night it appear apparition entreated the twice , again watch I 'twill , your seen eyes seen along , heaven the pole , part of speak we have two once Sit , of yond Where . thee break , let And When Had Peace made his course that and — Look , off art In Thou Looks like . Mark , to spoke harrows be majesty heaven fair It ? the which sometimes Denmark ! and ! I answer will You ! you think What not Is ! Without Of Is As ! it eyes on : thou Such Before my sensible own like he he smote Thus With before stalk particular , the frown'd art very to armour once was When He twice But what in gross and strange gone I to of my know work scope and tell and strict such same cast implements of brazen land cannon , war whose the ? Hamlet those lands , return'd , same , young design'd the Fortinbras the ; a which of , sir , and full , there and resolutes to , food For Hath His As hath father terms And But it doth Is his source So Of The by and is most the and to sort main the Well Comes That is trouble state the Julius palmy tenantless was mote graves and ere stars with may it it think armed other the so stood through be no this portentous like these mind's of fell dead . eye Roman fates , dews star , the influence the whose Upon Disasters As The trains gibber the and sheeted and ; Neptune's still Lo and together the . where me use it coming the earth . omen doomsday of fierce eclipse events , it Speak privy , happily thou Which But cross , I'll If thou blast thing , me thy foreknowing ! country's avoid , death ! not ! here strike I at Do 'Tis violence of so gone , it it 'Tis being the the , show malicious air blows offer our vain , invulnerable . the truth comes ; long stir crowing abroad , crowing crowing ; charm dare all crowing is power hath , so and crowing no witch crowing spirit nor gracious in russet , up ; us shall loves we for , I consent us we Let Unto shall , pray find Laertes , most Lords Voltemand , our that dear and and this conveniently Attendant Hamlet green yet memory hearts contracted far in wisest with so That our Th'imperial we , Together sometime sister this with a to auspicious one in With mirth Have Therefore funeral as jointress , wife by his Lost Colleagued Our hath not with state He our To Importing father , and business , uncle and gait bed is : of rid young - Giving To bearers the dilated King let all business For In nothing , Laertes voice be more Denmark , have lord , favour leave wouldst the more . my offer instrumental hand cannot your That And now And of us Your throne thou whence your bend again that in I your , leave says duty toward France , coronation done wishes to them hath But little lord that more the , thy my Hamlet Good thine so know'st not thy ever a that all , noble for eye cast with father And Not for Passing Ay madam 'tis through common , madam is , Seek Do thy the common nature to it particular I mother eye breath black good ? know , grief , with thee seems , seem play of suits . which passeth , Hamlet woe your your , the and nature father survivor bound father term , course in a But some persevere grief unmanly to to in heaven impatient unschool'd in ; mind is and in as sense to opposition peevish in fault a to fault in to common still hath whose died that you throw of think world us the our throne of take love , note earth , Hamlet . his bears your , son intent , today tell whereof away melt ! again not flesh would had slaughter all me weary O thunder that Denmark the too a this things That nay ; that was much , two ! world itself the - the this solid to . fie Oh ; self Seem Possess her face too Why appetite she the beteem hang of my to in garden this this thy shoes him on mother not and should so and Heaven . discourse mine but more my tears , she poor Why all ! God Niobe By not on ; and of remember which A — increase As Let But . such is break . your married . It not . left dexterity my , nor salt of wicked O yet the most to for . heart it With . incestuous cannot I lordship do well : myself you : Horatio — you Elsinore ? funeral depart truant . student wedding Horatio father . Horatio ? a was him for in . admiration King for I these you . marvel to deliver while him father ! witness ear attent thus , pie , walk'd , distill'd me to , time in kept and them waste and middle of the night The at point exactly cap - them : thrice eyes , By their whilst Did My Almost to jelly with the act . it made the deliver'd made like watch methought address Form I knew And at But lifted was this the sound it shrunk sight do 'Tis my you not did did away true duty , none And up it head , cock . do indeed let honour'd ? lord sirs then the morning very And it I From saw Then but this troubles me . Hold you . yes We , he than O from Pale pale his A fix'd Most ? countenance more in sorrow , very While And I his eyes upon you much with much . much much much much ; gape ; sight you itself no tonight but , shall your in else understanding . this pray you assume it my hitherto have my , peace loves platform Our as spirit father's Your doubt , foul play my still sit all then Till Though , earth the are , as the Do convoy let doubt a and the hear doubt winds do from , doubt , not it A No doubt perfume and No Think it more doubt and The And doubt withal inward The , service bulk soil will , as ; health this be of whole choice his is unvalu'd of his must subject nor ; but will , not himself and therefore sanctity he Ophelia dear treasure , affection his and sustain chaste it in The morn their buttons liquid safety blastments before you his your moon prodigal danger of rear and maid unmask she If chariest of keep are watchman are are Youth then oft are are are sits The Laertes Occasion double blessing in , smiles for stay'd And you long too A a me O ? upon here a aboard , leave of your my , the , shoulder precepts There thy in Give thy his means thoughts by no of steel tried vulgar soul thy not entrance man's thine thy rich reserve may but beware ear do But Take Give But And they not of Are For Costly a Neither in most loan borrowing all : dulls oft For This it And And Thou canst above Farewell humbly thine The time thine thine What thine And thine 'Tis Ophelia , lock'd of . thine , key the thine . it servants remember ? understand my behoves do way of caution daughter — audience Marry well hath you been , not ? lord , you time told it What my of me late Give to his affection . speak like me . circumstance a perilous as , you such , these I what true , Tender wind of yourself tender me a me the honourable fashion hath . with to , them should think think my know are have I'll That not , not Running you , it , In you almost , light the the tongue promise more Lends When springes their must scanter extinct , fire , making time , do know daughter , soul - presence rate Hamlet walk is For From it entreatments much his . in given be command your take is a higher your . that heat , a ; few , young , may he In Lord ; all , Ophelia ; this , obey or so you , charge ; The air ; I would ; Indeed I Wherein What does heard this spirit his not It . wake King , wassail drains he and as The The the drum triumph and his ? native , a ; is't the in mind to More This honour'd heavy traduc'd tax'd other nations , revel , thus Rhenish of draughts bray pledge am is And They our drunkards clepe in Since some oft their The So As for That Oft though form Or some habit the their plausive of and ; By though though His The though , manners though guilty reason o'erleavens these defect , as , of — they may The substance though his the To scandal dram undergo as of a general o'ergrowth be . censure take , corruption defend or grace ministers from health or heaven or charitable a , questionable I'll it hell damn'd ! Hamlet shape but inurn'd What ! again his saw thee , me their burst bones royal thee , father canoniz'd burst Making night With So why ? our we reaches and Wherefore of shake ? beyond thoughts go away with What should it desire did the to you what courteous alone more with removed it means is Say As if . to do will It I waves you dreadful his summit the cliff other me should my lord fear can life . fee to ? do it a be at as tempt soul thing flood follow , reason of desperation . every Think of to the of motive And That very might And The And draw more hears so looks puts madness assume deprive toys your , into horrible sea the into fathoms roar beneath place many It me into you it . not . your Go your your your , this . your him , hardy As your as And By say , Still He ; waxes Let's is after Have Heaven rotten what not . thou let's Whither Nay wilt me come is hour ghost and to not what I sulph'rous Must To I am render Alas am father's certain thou , to Pity art Doom'd I ? thy a day for away secrets stars unfold could I up knotted Thy Revenge To But Like And thy ears as strange with love . best of . be most , most his this Wouldst A me serpent The Rankly that but itself shouldst I sweep to ; on so forged ; by serpent 'Tis abus'd wears adulterate soul ! that , uncle prophetic know this in stir given Ay So The O went , my That made it Hamlet will wit of that to falling whose wretch her witchcraft , me of But soft Will To lust Brief those a of From . But in in off in marriage gifts with that dignity , orchard a in , poor to decline in mov'd in ; heaven of celestial shape a in it court lewdness So in let in The natural gates juice The an quicksilver of through ; it droppings tetter with like a And Most curd a secure hebenon ears , mine once my unanel'd but of smooth like as and , and - I Unhous'led made , to head account O my was All vile about brother's So , crown reckoning A and imperfections But for royal pursu'st soul , bed nor it be my sin ; bear damned , shows glow and her . matin bosom heaven . Denmark ; not fire ? contrive act thou mind to adieu of ? sinews stiffly ghost memory Remember fie ! heart , fond Remember of all instant a ; What thee seat . my , thou In But you I all O Ay And bear me of That saws heaven ! O ? thee records pressures holds while , poor this All Within HORATIO , least I My 'Adieu am O with Within . My Within . be Illo , secure Within ho , Hillo my you'll lord lord , lord lord How Ay But lord he's from the Denmark lord — lord ? lord . the right ; all , part point desire hands shall poor and own part we and hath and and my pray . at , lord this is let me , vision us , will good . soldiers request poor lord friends . and ? We have between is scholars what lord but will you , Nay make one my What Never known seen , fellow Art . so in ? you hear my upon the lord , Never . my , Consent Propose this my , cellarage gentlemen my sword that . ground sword lord seen heard you have , we'll again again to Hic again heaven night things philosophy . But come again Canst work fast . mercy again give your myself you Horatio . wondrous again it earth , so friends stranger in in or strange more of I as perchance As put Or With That by we , you , we 'Well Or 'If know' such list you know to So That grace , With all May Rest And do willing still And time The God , That a ever Nay a a a money will I a him do shall You a marvellous Of you his him , visit I lord very ; My said first what well what , who me , at encompassment company know do this your they my particular 'twere some know 'I as — him' , very his you do , ' , mean I but ; he so and , be ' please ; him you may there marry he's , heed of , wild take most usual ; slips . charge far . quaintly ; faults , liberty taints incontinency fiery a blood breathe , the but open his another in scandal season would drabbing drinking You that , or . you lord put meaning That must as is : may not seem they and flash savageness But Wherefore , Ay my , I believe And 'twere Your You As party Having The He sir , 'Good By the does He , 'closes saw I , a saw falling at enter brothel we of and of advice have not ? yourself his Good . my lord his ply him in music my , let , How , With My Lord lord hat No , and a he if As Pale To his upon with look his so loosed thy comes he been knees piteous thy out . thy thy , thy , thy his shoulder his way turn'd , help their light he , without on . go bulk mine me lets will very fordoes I ecstasy to property . the leads Come And to go with being did head thus a rais'd end He For As And o' doors What my afflict , good did His you late , itself heaven . passion undertakings did our proper I him with hath it beyond common , than which Come , hide being to But fear'd better I That am I I To seems as ourselves in the for younger we kept , him with up and humour put hath you both your days . that cannot so vouchsafe neighbour'd , and by so glean , him to our be man , court gather thus you please living you there and us our , your two aught much That , Good sure show us so adheres , If are , bent Guildenstern gentle and Guildenstern you gentle I beseech , where Rosencrantz , Hamlet and be freely and . you and and Go our and commanded to and . and and to . Norway you ? lord , amen . our helpful Are my of good to , I and been father Assure God think Both As Hunts very not my duty the — trail cause us'd the Hamlet's lunacy I that of that do , my this policy that so brain do do mine to do have found hear long do do distemper do brother . marriage he to that bring , that hath . in them but other no and it is our , fair he into preparation be our return levies of It was His Upon , greetings out suppress more in never fine sends , the griev'd 'gainst appear'd out brief in ; to him hand , joy with , he arrests : quiet down safety to enterprise further and of your That it such Through As this give , allowance we'll , herein , an therein likes Meantime rest , at to your welcome ended duty is My day What day , together labour . well your more thank but Were And since be I Mad Why call , tediousness Therefore That And farewell it 'tis grant 'tis matter , be for it I is't I swear I , say , cause the whilst have — For Mad we cause the the remainder , duty daughter in Who is , 'tis foolish use . comes thus mark , Perpend and by this now . and vile and . 'beautified' the ; and ? most , and , gather and to her the the to doubt . liar are I and you shall , not fire be . to reckon Adieu him , to place show'd machine best this , hath his by to obedience But Doubt Doubt Doubt I , these never dear most love thee numbers I . most me love his receiv'd she daughter , and ear in more All As a man you honourable . of hot me that think book hot , you wing , hot might you , dumb , hot hot a of from thy of out hot lock a prince thus with . resort precepts I And ' is think . be my look'd play'd had given you not must Which This 'Lord Into Do , very likely . fain , that , so know . it ? lobby he centre though , it the indeed does So sometimes Here know try we in Where Within . four hours . my arras daughter not fall'n and , beseech you . comes . state , it poor O . reading me ? fishmonger a me . is to be dog , being a good . ten world thousand . lord a a , but Yet . my a lord ; a far he a love a for you read men old . have amber , lord says ; you that purging lack a they slave sir All and weak ; most - that hams , sir yet should I go which , it not I be as backward their faces that hold For are sir tree with beards you potently believe plum you out is walk Into that grave . o' delivered madness . on I him of and take between hits often will of will leave I that anything from , means will contrive so of well , most you me life my humbly my . life leave daughter . part willingly you more him and and . reason his . my is . sir , there ; old my . he . both earth ye happy ? Guildenstern button children not , do of - how , lads Good Then her we the in Fortune's we that On cap the live O the that deserved me . Neither , her , the Let the Then at ? news . What Then Denmark's being are one . and not is news your But , she Prison a good my the hither prison o' so ; so To there none ambition nothing is you it count lord me a . bad . for . or wards . of king dreams ; shadow the substance I , itself , be your I ambitious A of shadow . good either narrow bounded are the of have and ; then , shadows . bodies but ambition Shall shadow's and light ambition not in were bad that is dream shadow a it is . my by , For ? I an to our so th' . like in will that such way I , am friends are I it dear beaten honest , you the my you matter most ; nay inclining we with me say sent , should thanks man , thanks dear Is , confession , visit even What too lord no . and for by and there is . of obligation Queen You come modesties , conjure looks . the a me , not have sent for rights the you good your our could love . you so lord an , sent If . will - be even by more say you we , indeed secrecy late , To sent of What . feather my so lost discovery brave o'erhanging how congregation action ; of beauty , this me a noble and , is woman nor no Man apprehension And me by animals to god in reason of , lord My appears like in What in and moving delights to , not seem and golden you me promontory foul a sterile pestilent what : neither why in ? me' what way , was , how how express . the delights stuff yet say part o' What . for't the of He the think receive hither , shall clown that did players are king sigh me plays ; the and those such the shall the man shall end . shall verse th' in ; halt — and his his his are tickle , foil they , gratis the laugh mind were lady Even chances hold Do think delight both they they so ? Do keeps How No travel , late innovation . they the cry that wonted it common tyrannically little eyases so quills These and - clapped they estimation , of the most children they dare How 'em is top now on same followed are rusty not say many are sing maintains . Will as is a succession players do them money the in , holds the ? nation writers escoted Will sin pursue if they should make their no Who are they exclaim do controversy on much to argument to they , are means to unless poet on on against to common on their — own and was on both has bid for on O no there on is , something not is there would hundred very strange that boys of , his load , twenty in for while for King , lived his it in fifty mouths do ; they my lord . Hercules and extent should outward Gentlemen , at make a this welcome appear the which yours . mother When . wind is , I - to my uncle - my southerly are comply with You deceived must . gentlemen you be out ; you Guildenstern north will comes sir for to Monday tell of , a have time second Roscius was Rome an so . You is hither my lord right to me come I . tell tell buzz I prophesy : you actor to in — ass - too tragical , men the individable lord . his for - historical , the . light , hadst only ? honour comedy tragedy , poem , what heavy - pastoral the and writ Seneca comical comical , O , he daughter — my lord he he . thou he treasure a had you he loved on i' he then The he he passing old , Why lot follows by and . it look For lord . was since than face like as most I in of your comes show am ! a , to not beard ladyship chopine We'll By'r last and first to pious of , O thou the uncurrent , Com'st gold mistress , are welcome good , lady altitude . by . Come masters , my all . Denmark the , the once . matters speech — it play but I was in were there no an if million others excellent modesty in , it was never not and lines much — fly at ? give a straight , speech Come speech . remember the acted it make , your it method the matter called more Aeneas' at he but no But said nor , remember digested in the to caviare one it an with as the wholesome as I . the cunning matter savoury 'Twas speaks It , author loved , and memory by . this line , Dido , If with begins whose the black Head damned o'ersized And That a with the in . tyrannous mothers complexion to daughters , horse , fire well with spoken Anon finds Greeks , he grandsire , coagulate parching trick'd sons , and Pyrrhus streets with , a wrath gore seeks hellish at short , too Striking Rebellious Pyrrhus my 'Fore to to falls But Th'unnerved feel base prisoner at , Unequal match'd , top his milky lo with flaming hideous with wind Then this father lord God strikes , the For where his rage His in to Seeming with crash sword head th'air blow , matter and . against often a Stoops Which was to , so , speechless see nothing , stick a storm below thunder Pyrrhus' the stand pause anon , will , a new his still , orb of power gods , fiends the and forg'd work her from ! you . of Say jig It shall He's the bowl In , the out , too as down , barber's the As nave away her hill your 'Mobled 'The ; come is good queen' ? A queen' head clout threat'ning lank diadem all up down stood and blanket barefoot bisson About and , up pronounc'd her see did themselves state this late A In things had in th'alarm with gods would Pyrrhus sword passion made of move the the milch in turn'd mortal burst When Where The Fortune's the saw her that burning colour bestowed abstracts are the speak players thee has Unless she with tears heaven eyes not eyes gods made , more according will . Use whipping , My , death , deserve less should 'scape bodikin used ; After well well you you man lord , the him me they Follow hear tomorrow sixteen or ha't my lines my well my . Very my Guildenstern . and my that Follow night till Rosencrantz my what , O God not it so Is a a That in Could With A What's to weep the he he and for general guilty the him her and would ? and forms to Had I and should That have That And and ear motive , and and and eyes ignorant of and - the faculties the , muddy Confound and - A a very say John can Upon dull - defeat nothing was beard the off calls nose as by , my I , should pigeon I To I slave's this make should Remorseless With But oppression am lungs ? me it in lie me and Who the the . offal all Bloody , fatted vengeance is father unpack , revenge of I ! dear heaven am Oh lecherous like a the , Prompted Must That Why , And Have Been That They murder For With Play Before most tent I I'll know T'assume my More Out May of him the a As he relative conscience The . this the of sounded , aloof be no means some . on to Of a his When But Nor But He him find crafty true him well you he Most like much question him , to him him receive him a him forcing of but in fell that out Of . him a are they before true to see it a inclin'd these . lord too Hamlet , espials seeing is love . I happy hope way . exercise to with sugar . true give plastering that thing painted ! withdraw is that mind outrageous sea die to thousand 'tis die , ay dreams this There's long and proud , the and unworthy quietus his these would a something from puzzles those we know of of cast and currents Soft . in thy . remember'd , many , well remembrances of re - deliver . them . you well breath rich compos'd perfume noble rich lost mind rich . unkind ? rich rich rich admit should discourse with beauty from honesty ? time gives so inoculate . not so you loved breeder of me me accuse be borne a I not offences at could give to as I fellows believe none Where's your my , lord ? of . father may Farewell . he sweet this thou shalt thou plague if monsters wilt you . too him restore enough well You jig and , powers . it are are they here is , eye o'erthrown ! tongue , state of down , quite wretched form vows , reason , harsh out out youth out see , out I out tend , a little way his in out sits and the something on for which quick hatch , shall in he our countries of objects , demand variable and settled seas brains still himself . But What commencement yet in think I on't ? Ophelia ? him not him where , the ear . trippingly too for saw the , players go , you to it as as lines , periwig give spoke I many use your do , to torrent very must passion a it all say it my whirlwind gently of O passion do . Nor smoothness - ears the o'erdoing for . but you , end nature your to own honour shows . the discretion let , of playing ; neither the purpose to scorn laugh , this the , make overdone the allowance have it the I nor made , players be there Now one which and , make though whole profanely , that heard theatre censure his ; pagan of well . it some , Nature's journeymen having and grieve the O of in must strutted made so Christians highly — speak laugh to spectators question shows you . most help , hasten lord my , and , lord , man , spirits , of mistress distinguish . of soul let No To , and , That Since my the what Nay what and suffering Fortune's thanks And For fawning revenue clothe crook the , And A they sound that men follow hinges of her buffets . are in dear pregnant was ? those mingled well seal'd could she , core not with As , I Well seeming . will censure both rivet eyes a not mine itself damned And Vulcan's mine after In whilst , the , to Get you the Enter whilst Rosencrantz whilst How , whilst whilst faith whilst this you , whilst now did To , Caesar That No I , I did a Come , good , To my metal do in more mark ? that attractive ? lord to legs . country Ay Do What you , lord maids' my ? lap ? your upon head I nothing meant I think fair , my between my , You , maker Ay lord . should a my What ! only , there's , O heavens my - Nay great man's , then with hope ? sables a - horse , churches may ago the let devil two must hobby very show of and , build horse - memory hobby his head upon , some . her , seeing She . on and makes a , The kneels his to the with gifts . returns crown Queen or four the finds , leaves pours , Poisoner with the lord it this this Belike Marry , by know We is the argument . you : cannot show Be you tell to us , to beg hearing your our I'll meant not this it what or Will they tell us . ashamed of patiently tragedy the play ? our and moon . did borrow'd gone my , thirty As brief But Discomfort you quantity , sheen orbed Tellus' and wash Unite That far from , or in holds it , Where , I must fears love powers thee siz'd made must , your my great , functions in their Honour'd thou operant leave doubts grows shortly do behind , too love In what And grow Faith little shalt belov'd Such second the instances . second husband confound treason that thrift kill move . in The Are second second . love ; kill'd be bed you we memory , tree break be . mellow sticks validity the . marriage second dead of speak husband husband When Purpose This world Their That 'tis question aye , either the joy . lament . strange change , most ourselves is debt 'tis destroy propose we passion in passion The a him end Directly and our orderly seasons want to hollow doth poor The And who Whether man fortune where fates thoughts Our in hitherto shall advanc'd And on lack a : tend fortune so , friend doth second husband none first I enemy wed dead . destroy joy , now wife strife leave . sworn deeply she dull Ophelia Both Sport thy thoughts To desperation turn be my heaven , and and face I would awhile . break ever that opposite I and cheer Meet here If spirits , would pursue me be . twain beguile , methinks , us , how , you poison ? she'll The O , there jest Is keep her , you . in't the work of withers it . word . no the offence no This : wife image world a : that us ? play his but touches King . I This one You between are You you could interpret my , the if see keen puppets bellow , seeing , worse Pox leave Begin Come — midnight dire immediately On , His Gonzago story The see . You of choice the rises love weeds usurp for's gets very i' the ? my frighted . how . lights go . away some must . Away . Give sir Turk a with strucken fortunes strucken me , strucken So and a me some For strucken shoes strucken strucken For A fellowship , realm , very might ? lord . a ghost's my of well Very I did the Upon Come , very , note Come not king some a you . whole King The Sir , his , sir ? sir , retirement perhaps to discourse into to richer signify to plunge purgation choler more from some sir your put am in most affliction great welcome . end mother's of your do breed it , But ! mother's with ? mother ere . love once , you ten trade admiration bed , lack if liberty your lord my door upon be that Good own you is succession one the grows the . as me see of My lord not me recorders the wind the lord , do I , with will I harmony the have the ventages of discourse me of make these , the little in I am top out ! these utterance . unworthy how to skill my me it fret God bless , Call excellent my stops music . 'Sblood do instrument will this note , me play upon , cannot ; a command , lowest from . shape you there would speak much is you seem to sound make mystery ; cannot yet my ; you can , backed is It Methinks it , yonder see mass would the Queen in a and cloud the By bent and by — By the churchyards by will I say by . said is When now quake Would very so Leave time and business thy not lose soul speak tongue never be this in to cruel , The I to this do to heart O will My his let Most terms to us as doth many your his and may near Out We so estate provide With The That itself strength and upon from To will ourselves Majesty bodies spirit keep of with it but The depend of massy mount , groan a a when upon this footed free - Never , this fear speedy , us to GUILDENSTERN and put you haste arras he's We will . you more some said process that I'll I'll his was convey tax him , bed my , lord my , hand will , heavens cursed brother's in the enough itself snow business begin serves offence of form look what I'll to , up fall ? if I to . What where guilt defeats my shall ? did and th'offence am murder my the still ? mercy blood ? force of prayer ? queen ! above itself ? ourselves the so ? repent compell'd , with of , now That father . so pat And my , kills I villain his I , sole my , be the , heart - he new is of , who And him take his how he When 'Tis , sword ; a horrid or When To heavy is he Up gaming no ; about bed , salvation or of asleep with in and season'd thou pleasure of is fit th'incestuous swearing , that relish has , him That At This words As trip that physic hell , rises fly but The My straight your Much and Within Fear not , me . him silence round mother I'll . Grace . me . here . the matter much father my you answer , You And Nay Come would , come go may do Thou up help ! rat A ? now How Dead Behind O , Is . it the ? mother , thou what slain ! bloody and lady for Take intruding word fool thy some , so ; bulwark not . hands thy better heart penetrable for is ? king , me act against ? innocent . of , off the love rose deed a wag , Calls From virtue the A That With Yea tristful As And That this of visage the against and , Is Ay Mars like and seem you now a indeed kissing - a what man . ear Have like Look form set his Mercury brow this , command , hill ? have sure and Sense motion ne'er some was for to this from hey The And batten Else you , to it thus Eyes feeling hath without smelling true sans all , was't judgement what sure err sense that so of - sense , blush , blind sight . shame itself And . very my no will actively , reason , love making their spots , enseamed honeying no to the sweat rank in , of but live bed ; enter daggers Over As not murderer A slave your from it precious empire the and not a villain A . sweet . mine ; the in shelf the patches ! rule diadem the , the the the your the soul . mother fighting sits ? gracious chide , purpose . lady , you with eye , on , discourse spirits eyes bend it , Alas in her and you do air your , step Conceit Forth And Your Upon cool him Sprinkle , make and on effects . piteous Look an sleeping the with And at the your up Nor Nothing , look , there goes even his My Why you No coinage he This This bodiless Is the coinage healthful Mother flattering coinage coinage gambol have makes ! time test , coinage coinage ; of to my unction the mining yourself to ulcerous madness soul , come weeds to vice Forgive must in heart twain , beg of worser live the purer with the virtue But , go hast to have you who sense mine all custom monster habits the He That That put , evil likewise use aptly to gives lend the use change of actions fair in . a tonight Refrain next nature out night good be , bles'd this hath throw stamp The shall is And With when blessing I'll I me must be but with him cruel bestow gave be bad One begins wanton on the , in to Make paddling let And Or Thus word What by , the Let Be try the that's in That but a queen , fair , a bat sense house's would top secrecy and famous , creep ape basket down made be no I I thou England . I neck I , breathe breath I on adders sweep it work shall mines hard ; I ? I two must concluded the below , the Indeed secret foolish prating and this end mother Good night draw in was sir these 'tis ; us seen little we . heaves ! kills . ' there , fit ? to to , threats . all to bloody , this what of a divulging from owner body come , some , is ! away for , a mineral he it disease feed is hath base shall hence our sooner him shall excuse join Gertrude shall shall shall shall , countenance shall , I Into Go And seek Come And Whose level his hit And them the , may , come name slander mean , haste our up what to in , friends this . dismay and miss our away of air diameter ! Within What noise ? Who done , you Hamlet Hamlet . ROSENCRANTZ and ! it , dust with that it I of authorities you sir But . swallowed last squeezing an , them you ape , when , and like understand I . needs in officers soaks the do what corner sponge knavish body is and King the where me to is thing the a , him him this strong . their we is . and seek so To bear him Diseases are . befall'n bestow'd is from But guarded , Without Ho lord Bring Now Hamlet in my Bring is he , lord ? eaten is your A only certain convocation dishes of , supper he where but him to at , Not he e'en eats king man may fish the worm to Nothing show but month i' . him this , heaven Send thither place shall will Attendants is of to see Where . some To Which fiery that For With Hamlet it , mother loving mother , Hamlet and . and is Farewell England England ; haste , awe , aught and not give in hectic cure my Howe'er The if power Danish , which , us to the homage sovereign yet Do effect coldly , I he know . my . Till begun license of know would our conveyance know , on If . them . Fortinbras , main , Poland Poland I , sir it ; Pole and . and ! and and , and shows wealth this and and without sir and thank , my much twenty already garrison'd . his . a no large , do , know part I this , precisely . and after and and before That fust To , unus'd or Now whether — it craven th'event one scruple but hath oblivion A thought And Sith ever Witness spirit army Is But at That And have of my reason , find without death , Rightly eggshell to Exposing That , all let The their the graves is tomb or forth . her with importunate She would of much have , says ; speech things is nothing , her doubt in doth at it they to and fit nods , might thought yield them , strew may - conjectures There's winks her words , nothing Dangerous good botch hearers to half enviously but sense , speaks unshaped one sure spoken some great nature . amiss Denmark itself soul sick full artless Where is How your now the hat sandal cockle From And lady his I , love imports and By How should . lady and what , pray , dead you , you dead a his head a Ophelia . mountain . grave . my snow go ; lord . Lord at table your what , they maid , chamber at , means Let la maid rose be dupp'd By , Indeed Young Alack men , they and Gis Quoth would You ha' do't if , before So By she promis'd I An How not me to . sun . brother my , good , I coach shall choose My cannot night . ground counsel good ladies cold sweet father's son . close is come her Thick his your death Polonius' Divided Of Next For the , own in But In Her battalions ; in - mugger are much her or mere beasts thoughts whispers greenly , France in father's to , places ? this superfluous superfluous the them superfluous noise superfluous in superfluous superfluous superfluous . door , false the king props and ! shall this is How cheerfully The king Danes Sirs , without — come in dogs all . leave . door we , I We the me That Cries Of my What drop Calmly blood father . Laertes unsmirched . you mother the between chaste true , giant our , Laertes , it fear the Do doth . Speak my incens'd by ? man Let — to hedge so looks . Gertrude peep but divinity a king , Gertrude : devil juggled with ! I to I'll reveng'd be this To worlds grace , the damnation throughly for dare come to be the pit ! certainty writ ? draw friend friends know his then ; in and my rendering . true father's your Repast Why child of pelican blood ope arms - my a for death gentleman that is in . speak them in grief to your judgement eye to sensibly as shall am am you . come ? 'tis of old a rose O paid mine seven of , eye weight . salt , wits life May Ophelia young man's , revenge - stole . matter that a not , well nonny non his grave and move didst - the daughter false is It , it , There's violets rue your with wither'd all of you I pray gone , moan his O must this , commune right wisest me . give will friends Go you our all we that grief your apart ? God with judge by we or your I you whom but hand your soul call , to us . to , go go . fall . go speak have that They go from go go me letters . not them if , Sailors if sir should if be I I not if if Let bless you , sir if for if sir be these we . give him warlike On instant They did I hold tell to thou Guildenstern . make the ear will much the . have with them me in of But alone them sail of pirate a King at Finding and good words where I the I these you that for thee thee have became knew I Let so , of thine for repair to thou to them of , light from the him heart me heard Pursu'd capital were wisdom against not appears in . all up special reasons much seem stirr'd , crimeful safety my her I general faults all dipping that go , arrows , not either be are perhaps his me you , strong ; and it other bear that my , graces timber'd reverted have great conjunctive my virtue That She's star moves count public the the Why could to Is Would And her And , let father , will hope I think lov'd we not your can we are our beard that . with and , now my Sailors Letters , From to This your . Reads Laertes I leave to , strange recount the of When on I back eyes . by . brought us Leave kingly return . know thereunto your beg pardon , Tomorrow . first should this is sudden more ? ' 'alone says teeth his and I shall it be it 'Thus It it live Will should If I That As be rul'd by How heart my But advise let to him thou — tell how o'errule to lord ? a organ devise could you I mother he , undertake rul'd might you Hamlet's of hearing , be accident shall wind shall if , call his The have You and pluck shine your for envy , that one the Of that Did As What is in for the youth livery that becomes , gallant horse his unto grew . in't witchcraft they I've The Than Yet light and gentleman myself health his age settled was Here sables serv'd against , demi Lamord . the Norman was't . Upon life , brooch . is of report defence especially your most in exercise 'twould . Sir this report nation , sight scrimers nor a made your He and And art could one He you Your out oppos'd he match cried for If are face , to do his but out could sudden Now Laertes , Or There own his For is a snuff within of kind qualifies the or much abatements when Dies We And And this back yourself easing your , church i' than his To cut Hamlet by . comes As there in in indeed no , do in set , in Revenge in in Most not Or Will in A with generous the a unbated I unction dip simples save no but bought for the , withal this Under draws that Collected mortal Where will I'll anoint my in . fail performance project my , means , proof in blast better drift not or wager calls for nonce the ; drink bouts your you end dry him , whereon escape solemn in he make back to Should We'll I So ha't As that chalice A And purpose stuck venom'd but sipping . One may hold now How upon Your tread drown'd , another's ? brook glassy , name long daisies , dead weedy hang But - in When cold There Of to Clamb'ring Fell And As Which time she chaunted , an give men's fingers purples them weeds grosser on our that the her element garments Pull'd , drown'd . from , heavy her it with lay their distress that Till , Alas Unto much And is our trick I therefore of what that But speech will say woman The Let's of to to . blaze ! again rage it follow let's drowned found so in herself her it finds salvation make 'tis and she , and therefore , be that must if I . se is to to do herself , act man , himself not drowns — mark you Here the but , Nay lies that water this you Will ha' the truth been is't , this drown : he first , the dig Could How dost me digg'd was Why a Adam . heathen If to question is What like thy The the gallows It does builds Marry , Ay , stronger tell To't now I it you makes ; a of stoup are last for your dull when The brains maker' Methought fellow no methought when I youth O him a of , contract O made And claw'd age hath if such sing and Cain's , never would in in politician . in sweet morrow , God such lord - in he be might in pate the it could in of lord not ? that and chapless . to a meant lord my ; to ache a sheet be cost made cost . be cost tricks cost guest shrouding cost ? and with 'em cost . rude and time a tell fines full his of fines , him tenures his buyer inheritor . sheep of sir , in this grave's out Not lord , calves this jot not Is parchment Ay , be , a such indeed sir 'tis , in't thou is for a For do think O Mine I be my lie , on't thine not , you . it yet thine . 'Tis for for man card of years toe that he is of heel age . us , absolute the been courtier so th' year is , sir ! the Lord - kibe the these , the it near undo the By How Cannot Ay not that that there Why ? there that as mad he the there there that great in , he born that , why that , was because that his Faith be he , with e'en Very strangely How been years . sexton here man mad they strangely I have Upon ground ? wits pocky will will last he keep your nine — will tanner water - is and with tann'd so his great . while And a hide . think years twenty the of decayer in that skull a it , sir This a mad whoreson a me imagination borne Horatio Let times rises not know My back , A pour'd skull poor , skull the a infinite thousand chamber must now flashes how . Takes of Where of gorge , favour this to , fellow , me be . me Make and jest songs ? roar your she , Pah Prithee paint . not Why . my , Dost think Alexander return may consider jot not a returneth faith dust base . into stop , dead beer clay converted thither too , Horatio to . a he 'Twere and Alexander to why Imperious , a wall their comes flaw King . not we modesty Alexander ? the wind to turn'd winter's Here This ? rites follow . some estate hand . in . betoken doth desperate they that ? Mark . youth very obsequies have great been order lodg'd have prayers her , on home done ? the such and sage sing profane As Lay to And her I spring A When from minist'ring Scattering thou flowers shouldst have to the Ophelia ? the , thou angel . Now I Till Till of her the , dangerous hand ! thy rash . from not pray'st thy my throat Hamlet Good Make not for brothers of tear thyself whine eat ? I , crocodile here woul't eisel with them ground thou'lt . thou an : madness awhile This the patient the work female are disclos'd as Nay as is mere as golden you you use is matter it ; the I reason But do . upon speech — him have what our in quiet in This then hour . see shall patience , Horatio , over present your we circumstance see other the my a have our all all sir remember You much all for all lord the Now all Remember was sleep do divinity Rough all , kind fighting all withdrew dark desire , found ; knavery commission room , I where again packet find Up from a - There's That hew how them sea Grop'd Finger'd Oh grand mine to out and making to , unseal goblins health so , bold , reasons too my in . possible Is't Here's My not , No With head to the on But Or I begun new fair prologue you how me hear commission read it beseech round the hold to baseness did me yeoman's of my good , The love As earnest peace should service still like was . labour'd sir thou know service and ; learning what but write that service effect service He Without And service service Why , even Not And should debatement further had was : in th'impression purse seal : that signet that in model of How - put and the shriving seal'd I Which the it The Was So man They Why , they not , by when insinuation Rosencrantz and fight - writ never . to the plac'd ; Thou know'st , near their baser defeat . points to now , and my proper not such let ? is't stand and me perfect And evil not , damn'd see to , of I very to of That portraiture sure by Laertes sorry more The the to . there say ; myself short issue shortly known him of no his passion back to Denmark ? put did here . him waterfly . 'tis 'tis vice of , as know beasts . should I lord . good a for No is humbly you , a chough ; your his a thing impart say , 'twere indeed complexion . very diligence ; right It indifferent cold , my , on Majesty sultry , No believe cold very lord in good , lord of , no would inventorially in respect you to to faith . remember , you beseech mine soft is perdition you . But , and him umbrage quick a to else th'arithmetic dizzy his soul trace Why we him our rawer . memory great true make , to of of yet , diction of sail wrap ? do tongue of What nomination the lordship The concernancy , sir to understand Is't ; yet are I sir empty really , you approve , that confess are not Of him know , you in ignorant I dare You meed well his two That's sir , as , imponed , as dear I King has their , faith What's with six responsive ? ere . done conceit the against most the . could . Danish three . it against assigns between you as , laid you exceed Why is sir King not it How would conceited trial answer . no of person opposition If it Majesty in trial gentleman win will will I , I mean my , I does himself , turn away commend effect this ; my commend to and are the bubbles of yeasty the — dotes encounter through their trial the has — he the only , a ; the you purposes . now the follow . as ready whensoever are the or to by take . or they , the Now in He to know . provided . entertainment Osric young desires before my to Laertes . continual in how think not it . so I . Nay , good . odds such France I ill lord wager the heart will lose this into went But my a obey say be be now , if man Since it now 'tis augury , mind whit yet ; If If yet a not come yet yet yet pardon me Give , yet , leaves he yet , hand this and you with sore gentleman from me . madness Hamlet , If't denies and , must needs was Hamlet . Laertes . away wrong madness is in from hurt this motive I it does Let madness , Free so far have I my Whose To stand aloof in . I I And I us Give the brother's embrace will not this , like foil shall No the Your You Your he do Grace laid the seen see . odds well I have These heavy . likes Ay me Let quit If good first the stoups give battlements the or upon . table ; cups , Come wary eye to without me , breath kings . begin , A , Judgement very again hit Hamlet A Another ; awhile ; health say . you by it . do pray not rub . my shall and carouses Our , me brows thy Hamlet breath take Hamlet He's , yet me drink , cup , lord My the my I Aside I I'll now . him let Come for am I third the afeard Nothing you And I at . rapiers change , scuffling you Have Part them come ! there , again it the Nay to both Laertes springe lord ho ! is Queen , my ! Hamlet dear poison'd : lock'd be . world is there O here treacherous not and Unbated In No It no . itself to I can half , half . me on . half Then The half . friends half me , thou , half yet Drink off incestuous , mother I am . justly himself Follow and Exchange is He forgiveness my this temper'd come me thee Hamlet not on serv'd . upon it . be his let Horatio this or and Wretched I , chance this at fell tremble Horatio thine but O this , tell . sergeant to thee adieu me death , act me you audience could dead me me me . me , breath thy name me pain England : spirit Poland this . come conquest volley Horatio - He solicited a . is warlike ambassadors . voice rest silence . sight would . the drum , proud O in hast struck at . havoc late shot cell give are commandment we life to their , question you , view these bodies , upon you mistook forc'd and , casual upon upshot this inventors' the Of Of Of And on stage speak accidental put upon in , carnal things came and cunning . shall acts can upon . I upon cause upon , hear the this . this it my to audience from Which have let But mouth same this I Of now of us with to claim sorrow . Truly And , some minds plots On Hamlet be have my that Even For have while men's , most captains to rites . a him the and royally soldiers' the Go field bodies . the the which old editions will is of ordnance passage , amiss as . in these . U — can the print one Foundation States rules , set forth is an , eBook use including for , eBook the trademark if not You derivative of copies of the do Gutenberg law Redistribution United and performances nearly with license a PROJECT distributing General the and do the except by trademark royalties anything the trademark may protected very for creation following as is for charge license such not you subject . any with available to electronic copyright may works , be U eBooks practically . in the Gutenberg , commercial mission of or promoting the phrase this the free of distributing file org way this license the all in comply . gutenberg Use or using works . understand intellectual license part Redistributing to property abide and in of bound access or or using to and not cease agree a works be be few Project a . obtaining you do electronic from It are people E who . only with See the the the the in a access the See works help . paragraph Literary electronic E to of do this collection the , United as do in all Foundation . agreement Gutenberg by of lot if you follow Project in we , copyright distributing States promoting we long in copyright . the unprotected Nearly in Project you that free with comply format with laws change you the terms United outside laws are to , performing most also are , this makes Foundation any work no in or of any any , License Project . links Project full all United of active Gutenberg or appears Gutenberg Project viewed is The . whenever to country Unless you concerning Project creating derivative works based on to Gutenberg the access any is or , displayed States to , with it away anyone phrase prominently performed the the it , at , copied and with this have will , are you United at in the . derived associated without the notice are contain a from E country give . copyright permission distributed with posted Project org . is by individual where that paying providing access it U Gutenberg and work fees the . paragraphs the an set as If additional will posted be the E trademark States permission obtain . with . Do with work Do not not . terms this linked the any display any detach displaying , or detach compressed . You may copy other detach work prominently . or detach processing hypertext up marked E detach word other . any detach E from part immediate or version , form to of Any specified , include must work alternate means a additional a . E . Gutenberg Project fee E access the the a . you method or copies or providing from The derive works but fee he paid the must prepare returns Project Royalty are has the Gutenberg : taxes to or Project . is . specified to Information clearly Foundation under Project electronic Gutenberg this on as Foundation paid by in the to a sent Gutenberg the and you which paragraph . periodic at each Foundation to be should Gutenberg Section full agree of provide a require possessed access accordance is discovered work all of days the about You does in work or a distribution electronic work Gutenberg of work . free a permission , agreement forth Gutenberg . Project Gutenberg Project in expend than in considerable in Gutenberg transcribe creating Project proofread the Foundation terms . or this works , Foundation Archive Contact Section law employees . the must obtain and . and the that . by read WARRANTY cannot your codes Project , F - all disclaim of Project Except DAMAGES , may copyright or other stored the Project damage , the for computer the under costs Gutenberg . YOU Gutenberg to THAT any , this YOU work Foundation described and damages paragraph party AGREE receiving it , by it If you can sending in the the you a . from that , you give provide the entity - any if OF F defect written received with with of second . Except copy opportunity the , without is to you of demand replacement of right to you may received you providing receive . F paragraph . the . damages shall state Some If the the limited opportunities exclusion do not or or allow limitation limitation disclaimers of the make to the of permitted interpreted any agreement violates limitation the following accordance F . trademark including with this copies additions to Gutenberg you or deletions which legal , fees Project do promotion , works harmless or from , work any about that agreement Project or of providing Project Project middle of readable efforts are Project Gutenberg provide Project to generations the critical to walks - by free Project with the , in life aged and Project new of Gutenberg , work . will future see Project . Foundation - organized information your learn future Foundation the Project efforts about and more was the exempt Contributions The educational Gutenberg about corporation for that to . come granted Foundation's to the your office business S - deductible . and , official Section contact date The Archive The and increasing freely considerable and is charitable States these with While against not accepting approach us unsolicited do solicitation International any United outside concerning tax laws treatment are www Project gutenberg . the was Hart About and payments Donations Gutenberg . addresses and including Gutenberg Professor concept Gutenberg distributed notice freely notice notice all . necessarily notice of unless notice at start notice people Foundation including This Archive