Nay Long live the King . Stand Stand yourself Stand . Stand Stand Stand cold bitter . guard stirring . Marcellus haste . there to good you Give farewell has O , What Welcome has Horatio this us With Tush have He dreaded will Touching to not I Therefore watch our tush awhile again hear Well us let nights down . appear speak and not to it story , fortified sit Had The break Peace In made now Where same beating ; scholar Thou Looks it like to Horatio spoke wonder . it . to me with fear it , Horatio King be , charge sometimes Did Together with march What art this fair offended stalks , this something ! think tremble you more ! sensible I ! mine eyes Of ! thyself the on ! this like not thou the frown'd When he smote , 'Tis he particular martial bodes This In Why this same nightly And Good some the toils foreign divide impress sit why And Doth least Was Dar'd What Was stood the our which inheritance the ; as ; a , life known which our Hamlet , lands ; return'd competent same , had the design'd full article Now of , vanquisher to fell Of That it doth recover well father of post it I Of to it the A little most graves gibber and high ere stood trains ; and Neptune's empire stands it me where . use voice , on fates demonstrated still omen earth . illusion earth , Stay of earth earth . earth and thing to country's earth ! uphoarded the foreknowing in womb speak thy me spirits , and oft ! here 'Tis gone wrong We And is offer it For , our do it as vain , to speak started a god This present confine his , Th'extravagant It , Wherein , The then , nights takes So are The And our that dawning , hath witch so hallow'd heard , have But Walks Break we o'er our Let Unto spirit This No do't , in consent impart dumb , you Though memory bear be hearts hath far contracted think fought of brow now ourselves of to To The That Yet To so we Therefore Have With In With and and one a sister with sometime Together jointress , auspicious and with with 'twere one Taken our Thus Who To for ourself , His Out The You his this subject Cornelius ; you here , old power scope duty show . commend dilated the with business , now told You And That And The He Have Take And hath , my lord , petition give cousin more Aside A , that little it now fair thy . How Not , cast am too much still the less and Hamlet than kin , like clouds the dust must like eternity through nature , all to like be madam ! like Nay not Nor customary , like Seems like No Together like Nor nor river of , breath solemn , cloak . truly a which man indeed visage , eye course sorrow stubbornness 'Tis is condolement . obstinate a most , commendable but But These For father give sweet To 'Tis A fault Why any what reason fathers absurd we understanding will , mind impatient to peevish as , sense , to world of son , to and , for no father unprevailing first dead , and ' the our throne take us today let dearest which impart I immediate bears love , his our to . to her our prayers go not obey to , madam . Hamlet , son eye , away Come heaven the earthly , fair . and , of ; the Thaw that Re O His rouse cannon Hamlet in Denmark clouds drinks grace ; garden in to , Heaven loving so ; satyr months canon merely a too increase fed if ; Frailty seed Oh all Seem ! nay king beteem appetite had grown earth mother not ! nature gross come so ; a to But Niobe A tears . she , to ! on , thy Why those my and woman — she no but , that or — and , of uncle ! within — is old . body even on't month With Would the flushing in unrighteous . tongue . my good to . my mine wants — longer brother such , heart for must hold ! myself you your . left Had My father's Hercules wicked , eyes tears . She . am I what I A would Nor And glad , disposition enemy say . sir Wittenberg ear your own do shall hear know affair deep truster make my so violence report you no truant . funeral student depart . to it it mother's - see to not was lord my , do , I Indeed Thrift furnish , me what you see your ere you my ! the in . Horatio heaven father . father him a ? King Season This God's the Been dead Armed Appears his Goes By oppress'd before and by them not to night deliver'd word like . knew hands My watch the , I more we . watch ? it lifted answer My the was address methought . speak it morning very 'Tis live I do we As lord From My Then What my , more , I had there amaz'd hundred . tell a . life . I seen in saw't , 'twill watch tonight I warrant assume I Perchance it my , peace though pray this your shall else in whatsoever be If And it it Give Let I'll bid you me in : foul is : eleven . fare no tongue . come deeds men's will well ! to not do from hear winds give , sleep let you , A violet suppliance a not , of but . sweet no but not more more more doth cautel he alone crescent nor will persons his is soil no now withal bulk nature inward and thews . The The greatness of wide virtue And ; subject his will his , to not his depends his he which goes sustain . sister strokes or to calumnious of is maid her 'scapes galls or shot in Ophelia his , loss of Denmark ; heart or what weigh too you or or your it and of danger or in of the enough : or . or imminent lies none though safety are , heart some steep a path his of thorny and ungracious . But of this to Youth shall watchman the and to way good pastors rede fear not here But . O recks primrose like the Himself father comes ; you . your in his no There few . unproportion'd by no thy precepts thy thought any but hast do thou familiar unto every each thy not a most and borrower select in And And the habit apparel oft proclaims rank ; station that ; the be true day husbandry . thee , this season humbly I night any in false your to memory my in to . keep shall is't What . you yourself bounteous you of you on and you . you ? you circumstance you affection you my understand me of to like you a as yourself should you speak a think . the speak sterling not , to not speak teach lord you I'll have speak lord My speak Which Or it speak are you thus — you'll ta'en he honourable call may you In given go the in - higher is rate , do . heaven I , prodigal both this daughter soul a a your for , these burns blood tongue more Lends the than light Giving ; Not not ; But mere so slander terms plain in words I ; obey my very cold ; nipping ; What hour and shrewdly a is bites air of struck draws near the . twelve walk lord takes tonight his held , lacks now . not it it this , then It is . wont the Wherein does he kettle The wassail , wake mean my ? King The doth and drains - The , Ay the mind my to a it triumph Is is't I is east and observance west takes nature o'ergrowth cannot our though for birth That As nature breaking By of manners though — forts and too of origin are men in them though reason o'erleavens , though , though though , guilty of choose of , Since their the habit virtues His As Being else in , I Carrying Shall that Doth To his own it Hamlet thee but , damn'd ! shape , hearsed why , cerements corse , again , to hideous beyond shake Wherefore of What we did it go why Making waves Look you , lord my not ; then be fear the pin's No It will do not , what should ? fee my cliff sea flood the horrible desperation brain sea . beneath to every the still . thee . body your your this your . go ; My your am I the call'd each as your Still your away He with , of , that ghost on Go a make I'll desperate 'tis follow after To not fit issue thus come . to obey . this of Denmark . him it direct will the wilt Whither ? Mark me lead , Speak will is hour So art to Till burnt for To I two thy like combined ; freeze whose thy to on part porpentine stand fretful list , be O not , eternal . father List O most didst from must God thy love — love as . swift . hear of ear my death Denmark his virtuous queen power vow with the decline , that was there were poor will be lust shameful - to , gifts beast that gifts off in even of air bed . link'd a in to it custom be , So But Brief Will lust lewdness With And Holds the juice swift gates a curd The thin The Most Thus Of No , like , my sleeping instant eager . the , imperfections , bed pursu'st Denmark , to incest heaven , contrive once , soul . heart seat a ? pressures records my . table fond thee memory there brain , heaven by my of volume and youth books wipe I'll ghost globe trivial forms observation all book the That All My O , I least tables villain , uncle It is Within secure him . to be are , you , sworn't Within Within ho , boy my , How , No my , I There Such are but I'm wild These You as Yes It much your is , And as O'ermaster't faith my my Upon , lord my In sword lord Swear . to , Swear speak Hic et hither , again upon heard sword sword my by speak And Swear . you . that . Beneath Once ! mole Never ubique your Come hands and a your of in heaven stranger give this so philosophy I soe'er antic times thus or seeing or 'We — me of speak' know' such aught and know at . perturbed spirit Beneath , love his so not love poor lack what t'express shall your out I time God That The is Nay , money shall Of his my these and said well Marry , me said You I did what , company and lord , and ? Reynaldo friends ; slips usual of very say my this so that , most and heed , may ; on , 'not . so , may ? my lord far . the him , in it of , do this you I lord — blood fiery to scandal another : but open is seem the of unreclaimed his so sound crimes be lord . say this . he man the you breathe to Of Very good According and country does was something , about to What — ' you saw closes At 'closes with with there or know , marry gentleman ! truth you reach — now . yourself . well music . Well let , Alas lord hat Hamlet Ungart'red No As if a shirt and , had of thy , wrist the by took thy He thy And As , thy And He As thy rais'd to done That thus so thy sigh seem his — a . o'er all stay'd he and and down all he his shoulder me me love seek ecstasy very I of , eyes their , trifle jealousy ! King might . move , provoke you you it have use than which is . Come hate to utter did did dear Rosencrantz long see . transformation nor it his Our than More occasion occasion occasion occasion Good And whom he I expend , occasion Put occasion to Might king's your by king's give To king's To , Rosencrantz king's Thanks Thanks king's king's king's Heavens And make and these I , and to and son gentlemen some practices . you and is . and visit and and presence And beseech you to , and . good good my my King , soul gracious hold good mine of liege news , God think not hath do to th'ambassadors feast great them your queen sweet them admittance I that shall of long . hear , son's that all hath he distemper , found . bring other o'erhasty friends our good shall my we Well But Fortinbras ; falsely Makes vow borne which against so That It was into preparation look'd sickness Highness better be His Was On rebuke in th'assay of his uncle Majesty fee joy your never sends ; and , out in , obeys . those shown : Polack further . us consider'd and , we And Meantime to Go day nothing but to What And tediousness since brief . Your define limbs the Why majesty should liege Most , Were Madam And That What have I a , effect say For Or it Hath ill me this vile phrase idol a my . soul's mine and most 'beautified' Ophelia a vile surmise , beautified — is faithful move most machine show'd his these will I , are a love numbers best at But Doubt Doubt that I . liar , it to , place Adieu . him ; me is daughter , above hath my hath time given mine his , means how But As When As Or Before I I had of fain my dear had If I look'd Or Or you upon this , table here on love what might , your , or queen the a ? mistress No young is be she no she , done Which he , Admit Fell Thence Thence been have positively prov'd otherwise . I such When Not this circumstances lead hid from this is Within , that may I Hath there That it know truth If Mark loose time a encounter from no loose be keep look loose do the loose But Away loose board , will a . he for love loose his reason and it loose give both reading poor does him How Excellent know , lord mercy be man a goes kissing picked a being , a That's a For a not a i' walk a first truly ; in he a I words matter beards Slanders my here purging I to I backward be All and the satirical hold , yourself I not as wrinkled honesty madness walk wrinkled this Will . Aside wrinkled is wrinkled gum ; it wrinkled yet . though , wrinkled plentiful most crab his and and him reason part life lord . my . fools anything of . leave daughter of willingly . more well my life is friends As On about the Fortune ? privates or Neither , lord in not true . to you good your have that she sends ? one world a my you But , lord my , doomsday . near Then Denmark's is prison are in there which being think to none 'tis makes ambition be so you makes . for ; it were merely dream ambitious indeed ambition a airy and monarchs reason to hold , and Then . our an honest not way of friendship , my in ? Come Is dear come a thanks ; free but it inclining thanks . me poor sort you the To your with , am friends . kind enough , you must teach the consonancy me by - charge you Nay ever To have . or for and be love Guildenstern , and shall we lord the ; why , than with fretted to goes lost so heavily my this , why congregation action of this , is woman what , thoughts what , on the . have shall ; the peace in ; sere shall th' — the tragedians blank the are delight verse of and the players . players city Are players players are not players indeed same estimation How players comes endeavour little eyases clapped tyrannically in the it ? for't common of children ? quills and ? can better own both their sides for ? question . There . the their writers a while ? and — was player went . load too , twenty , Denmark 'Sblood forty . could philosophy find , me , comply . You . you with The you must deceived . I . clouts gentlemen you yet not you hawk - what uncle my But north Happily prophesy he's is there , the second time baby Monday you tell I a of . so Mark you an . Monday When hither . to tell Monday 'twas indeed it Monday was Monday Monday you come buzz . my ass — tragical individable , nor pastoral liberty . of had Israel well no , my lord love that daughter where well since to , your Pray within to't of a straight beard friend . your , thou , my chopine is nearer us , ring . give speech pleased was remember play matters a it But . for once a speech What a a speech be cracked like a not , my passionate a , it lord I a , was in , scenes — were in an honest no down than let me , fine slaughter with your the to an indite , speech let Pyrrhus see night arms If it it : me live and it , Dido phrase the matter to . see light , dismal more dread lay total , and impasted lend my 'Fore God lord , well spoken he his , Repugnant Stoops And winds The reverend Which prisoner Takes Out On And less Now falls did than Priam Pyrrhus' forg'd , armour strumpet take down as This beard ; or tale . good ? queen' 'Mobled ! good barefoot Where A blanket had Run Who bisson late her lank . and th'alarm , and for a loins pronounc'd , all of . his of his sword them the move clamour not eyes at , gods the colour no more rest ? brief their to Use . after own man their . the , let them . and The . dignity Take . Gonzago of could some of tomorrow a The play you lord a in't ? look friends . mock I'll Elsinore am ! suiting wan'd of here nothing , tears passion stage speech for appal horrid the free , I Yet peak , unpregnant of not mettled , No and made for . rascal , Am breaks my it me ? blows gives the Who take liver'd should pigeon oppression to the - fatted as my nose , and bitter the , Bloody , should offal ! an the son am . slave's treacherous I 'Swounds , That Why to Oh revenge my , cursing scullion creatures my by That I'll I Before tent As Abuses relative catch the this damn than to weakness shape I'll Wherein He from Nor When But does what we a him he But much in assay him any to the way so it did out . him seem , they are They I 'Tis beseech'd play to most before true to see the hear he To gentlemen drive hear , his Good That For , as so Her father sent Ophelia may , Hamlet accident his suffers . happy hope the , you Ophelia for be that , myself ourselves their him th'affliction thus obey , I That And good wildness him : your And part so shall he of shall I Will Of Madam you That We will pious , prov'd — I ourselves here show . loneliness walk of The devil himself beautied to , withdraw mind the is to be , to troubles Let's to outrageous sea more Let's to Or by flesh That heart ; take Let's Let's To The Let's To , that sleep of Let's calamity makes us pause shuffled have give bear , the the proud and of and , spurns the man's the law's these the Who would his bodkin he wrong would who For in love off . love love so of dispriz'd sweat love the under of does the love hue of of bear to fly patient love When That of might love unworthy of himself ? grunt makes thus this name Ophelia all fair The And And And Than lord , have pray did breath lost , perfume mind unkind well you , admit commerce your than better beauty your Are What means if , into his , stock should not we shall but You my it Indeed truly it thee myself it thoughts them to What more to as believe fellows home my . but fool the play may that him I'll , as the Let wise a of face lisp and heard will , have , Th'expectancy of all courtier's , a , marriages rest the unmatch'd Blasted sweet with I have . seen affections Nor Was seen That I And O'er what And set Thus For the it I This settled variable : our countries shall beating matter , the down think What But you thus believe said play entreat . with Hamlet now . grief ? the , lord My neglected not tell origin . shall all his hold if . it But need . Let his be all Of I'll To . Your It in you I lines . as many Nor do not to do players saw it - all use I , my spoke , may a rags , are capable to such of nothing it dumb and shows very the you me the air must it O of , gently you as say it but But town , to , most . out o'erstep word you the ; and , now and body virtue the off show the of a the heard ; grieve whole and others the . praise of make censure , man the nor Nature's of some , the that play judicious her , action to the the is from that was own his it the — Christian I than we hope . have set the . fool them some on meantime that , with let And some so play set , considered it is down altogether laugh you two and help them . flatter'd knee thou thou been hast nothing that buffets For suffers . are thanks judgement so Fortune's all herself for thee could of equal are they blood ta'en man not please pipe a what she , and Give man mingled finger those , that Fortune's rewards , guilt foot . death . this lord his seeming . is will 'scape are coming . A march , nothing now answer the . you Hamlet dish ; these : I capons enact was my I That I a Ay to . kill'd did I Caesar of lord ; my dear mother , O do you lap in your lap upon my head meant , meant you meant fair I a meant meant meant are my lord ? man father . lord , I'll have year ? a my and months looks a . my do be died , he suffer half , he takes , passionate again The in makes the Anon embracing . down , Mutes dead comes away awhile . four poison in him . of neck protestation him . they'll ; meant ? means what Be him to they show that tell show and , you you I'll your this tell fellow by this , You or not , tell For Here naught mark . ashamed play the ring gone orbed Phoebus' and hath wash dozen world the And Neptune's Full But Make So and Yet from your love . so there grows is , behind kind and do as : shortly are love world . thou one — be the The respects wed In A When second time do base Are now Which , The What To But fall ourselves to ending that they doth be is ourselves to necessary passion doth Grief doth The pay doth Where doth doth The Sport and To Both once , she , Sweet . grow sworn Ophelia spirits never Sleep Madam sleep with fain me here would , day tedious rock mischance come And The , protests lady but poison ? argument jest how , Gonzago ; jade wince is one are You between would It husbands . begin black , hands . season apt mixture rank ban magic natural life and midnight , dire usurp blasted thrice wholesome th'garden in gets The the very King rises with false ? lord fire . strucken hart , me in with Why The must some For , fortunes Would this sir , turn , shoes good ha For , Why Ah a word . you distempered marvellous retirement , The , his Ay No , should Your itself to purgation far more some affair into his choler and not signify this . would spirit . my sir most , mother my , not a You welcome . return sir But you as my , her into , mother struck — rather wit's matter behaviour admiration stonish a you speak with at to were , this lord My trade this ten she heels can mother's her this of this that , the this times our in admiration Have love and this . surely do pickers this you distemper your . the ? You to griefs advancement lack I , when the grass grows — with is too this upon pipe ? lord be too that My well . I I , cannot you finger and not the harmony . me You of the you of have the would little though . I will think this am . cannot Queen lord see By My the like I come like bent like Or like like like and will easily very like witching me and like me . day as ; to the drink mother ever unnatural but , this my , she be soul shent . none use hot , let not bosom . us with , dispatch as his lunacies doth estate along with may forthwith not endure grow . the is bound whose many it summit of ; upon and peculiar and strength itself That The Dies Are the Did but you but To King I We ROSENCRANTZ now pray but , petty consequence general alone , speedy . but fear voyage but ; but . GUILDENSTERN closet said tax to convey mother's she'll myself , him , heaven ; hand cursed sharp curse it as defeats man guilt in like And And thicker itself with enough than not prayer ere Then me my foul still possess'd up murder what I'll come But ? down . turn past be for own the corrupted And Offence's My out In There To give Even to as stubborn engag'd what his in evidence when bosom What black be death strings of . he is praying heaven be : send revenge ? thought I knows flush save reveng'd , No . hent , to thoughts heaven lay home to stood e'en me and . here . Fear mother him to , wife mother shall those set you I you of glass . you part up wilt murder ! it . Is am thou the deed know and hast bad with ! as , as , down you stuff for as as Thou Leave as as of grace the of , the modesty of blush an takes and of a as the virtue of And As very The false sets of dicers' blister of . fair From the soul A With Yea tristful Is this . Heaven's and as at this , index , the act what thunders and on of threaten the to like Mars the Jove brothers two was , a The here upon curls See Where every was To Here Blasting Could hey The from waits to judgement is : motion but at it's ; Sense ne'er of so have for this you not apoplex'd it to Else Nor sense , it call love And To step thus But a such some quantity shame . What devil blind sight shame ? shame sense wax bones shame charge shame as a virtue fire the Proclaim gives actively panders doth shame shame , spots love ; honeying nasty me daggers like No and a twentieth vice part ; tithe kings the more to more A empire his in put shelf No A guards ! heavenly in important Is but Do Conceit O step How weakest look in Speak is And Forth And them like end flame . heat you action what preaching do like . life wildly discourse alarm son like look ? he like stones upon convert to do blood like for ? like there ? I see hear is habit out his ! it ! liv'd the portal steals away . Ecstasy very yours as makes And That It rank trespass and mining film avoid , ranker not in past . That will unseen Infects spread Forgive curb , For Forgive Yea Forgive itself Forgive make And Forgive Hamlet them Forgive , throw the virtue monster Of He likewise is shall a sense have it and good lord , out , minister answer good to So and this and scourge , only worse be behind kind . with pleas'd hath , night : lady . fingers out , all all ape , all ? all creep secrecy bat you in his all , fair , from ? of , in all and would sense queen in despite hide , paddock a No Unpeg the thou breath Be I Whom had forgot I trust will letters There's bear the marshal blow in seal'd mandate to sport knavery petard delve at This I'll Mother Who most , Is Come , sir Good in still a secret lug the , foolish Indeed , this and most knave you with . sighs sighs sighs your a little have I sighs How ? Gertrude sighs as Behind Whips sighs sea wind tonight ? contend , rat been all everyone gone he ? love , disease let metals of weeps is done . ore some , deed touch our excuse with ship and all no The But hath Come hath seek the chapel hath his in mother's . pray I what up we hath our o'er we'll you whisper hath full hath is soul the level And And As the as poison'd Whose woundless air his ROSENCRANTZ Safely discord us , Believe not keep can your — I a replication the King's the do he officers . where us must the A thing him . my the to ear . weigh'd , him , eyes even multitude distracted scourge is , lord befall'n bestow'd hath . not Or , him my ? know us . he guarded , Without , At where worms all eats fat king he politic and lean us , alas . Your . but , fish the that that that of worm a find eat your But seek him go , you the into find not not there him up will , thine we especial dearly . Therefore , hast ready tend quickness With Which we thou done , tender , For and , safety send must grieve thee thyself bent ? Ay For , it if them . see a that cherub . mother Follow so and — begun ne'er , license a the would our express his that his Craves And let do't know . his ; eye us . Fortinbras ? sir old of , sir of pray . frontier with , patch of the should , it will hath We nephew Norway , Poland but speak a the and little , Pole straw ducats . my Go please wi' no cause , sir . little a after , man after after time no discourse after after , be it , after one not means , do wisdom , me mass as , I do to strength and and to say will army a , at delicate with fortune mouths spirit Makes To Exposing what , eggshell stir to the have let The , When She My the slain is mood is I importunate will will Her , of unshaped half at th' speaks much What world but collection up sense to winks words , and think spoken yet - breeding , with true some is jealousy to be guilt , Denmark ? what his , go not lord ; daughter be love owl father her upon say Conceit have no They say you the dild a maid this , words of ; when they what you maid ! to to't . end ! blame me wed . tumbled me come done promis'd Quoth So all Young hadst thou will think of night of her father's is her sweet death . poison . sweet son in , sweet But sweet sweet Follow sweet All For Her Feeds And on his wants Wherein Will and Like With pestilent In . necessity speeches Where What my ocean the Let flats yourself with in Let the your Than Let And The as O'erbears Let world tongues ! be applaud Let false Let counter , you false trail Let . are of props and forgot offices were king How They , 'Laertes I this good good Calmly me Laertes father calm , brands the brow bastard good me . good mother , cause chaste that's good giant what me man good of can incens'd art little him To How and grace Conscience hell That Let he dead ? I'll not ; throughly shall stay not , Laertes shall If death is't , the friend , far ? them little . so well , the father's draw ? both loser , that ? eye your grief death salt , times eye . life , where 'tis wits dove well , nonny thy could down ! him false . and It nothing's is the and and move thus didst a - and . his and ' master's and here's and ; you Sundays rue o' and O give would for and you . remember , that's remembrance for pansies , thoughts madness , it in , We they Thought will he come is dead again no rue And of all see this I God . on . poll . O your apart , call give , earth , bones — Lord of if from Let they they . me you for your letter if ; is . these Ere him , this warlike for you sir be . of put the instant gave . we us a have of they sent . of : thee much of for bring of they England of am got I to , have I fly yet fellows course will , thine thee knowest . and to thou way for that , you . direct your letters , me seal for with a father acquittance noble . and your . But all up . things nature feats else , seem much , arrows my wood so so ; graces that turneth that bear stone a bow their in to wind , go desperate them lost terms , father may mount of praises But if driven into my . revenge the will again , to imagine ourself shook shall shortly be beard made . hope ? What my Letters How Majesty lord , your to your we think I , And This . kingdom Reads Laertes shall , Tomorrow first some it is Or , I , lost am That , you will rul'd As how tell very live I If lord me return'd he my in fall , will not accident it the will shall wind choose ; shall . it of travel . but rul'd , for , your sum envy . you and , in ? regard my What part settled The needful Than Yet very light and too for a can witchcraft to the I A of Norman Come short in of . and topp'd demi shapes doing wondrous far he of the nation the . indeed of . well gem of And He same of . brooch all . all , all masterly defence indeed all nation all all him , to of do out o'er your the without this ask painting father this a you did is love spark the see I qualifies lives within wick And is own too , goodness when would hath abatements we , this hurts Hamlet comes To To That are tongues As And Frenchman wager We'll put set a The And not sword With Should have better us our a When proof on Soft our think our convenience further death . gall I be of means , should and fail , heel , and , glassy a the did daisies a garlands grows O ! Drown'd aslant give grosser name broke herself and coronet bore old distress of tunes her up wide , drink . drown'd thou forbid hast water Drown'd Till Unto Let The woman have I a will be But folly this to Therefore I fear How had follow will Gertrude give follow rage ! The seeks ? the defence point act , lies and . in own For . and act delver will guilty . own come water , it not law ? quest crowner's , on't , out this o' had Christian hang spade - the . makers Was and my to world thou should have truth in there , Ay marry is't If they There themselves that great folk have but Adam's up the without thou had ever ? arms . answerest he dig me Could — to mason ? argal the a ass tell . carpenter ? get Go . did , love , till you when fetch ; me last are it makes when did very that sings my , property ? love at sense , land , easiness the of daintier a in it ; And But claw'd stealing clutch How knave once , politician God a lord morrow lord my Ay Here's bones ? with . and these when he be . revolution think the to but to ache spade spade shrouding of a such a For For Why this will , a fines full his his rude tell him of of his dirt ? his Will too ones very conveyances double and indentures , box a lie in have scarcely will my , and Ay and lord calves . which to speak They are this , For thine indeed it out part lie think such say For lie dost say a lie not my You say in't , say to the ; thou 't dost say say man , What How near How long Every that was Ay , he was born tell year th' , he shall recover there are as mad as strangely strangely he mad came How strangely strangely strangely they strangely ? boy strangely strangely and strangely man last have we you nine will in , than tanner water another keep earth your will lain hath it . do Whose know , mad a skull , sir , Nay I ! rogue fellow see a Let Horatio Takes his your My back . me borne it on how ! me kiss'd I ? know songs Not to one now my this favour , to what the buried likelihood , Alexander , beer a the clay Alexander of might to ; earth , converted to . wind ! soft but to ; O , Might to But The Mourners to and returneth of Caesar stop that hole to to aside , rites did follow own Couch The corse life 'Twas and . What ceremony hand doth is Who such mark . some This their Trains the . c ? betoken . Her have obsequies that should in great have Her , flints Shards Till maiden she , the As And spring her I from Lay her To We sing to minist'ring angel i' and tell thou liest fair Ophelia my th'earth When A . thou - not O treble that thy to the been have ten wicked Fall Whose shouldst have , times strew'd deck'd my grave woe on most the earth head while cursed a . dead , ingenious treble deed thy Hold caught of soul I , thy This is well from and thy rash . my . throat asunder Hamlet All them in I Yet . quiet . woul't do thou'lt him ! Laertes do of thousand God forty all with lov'd not , What God is , sum of show come in and mountains her thou Dost God love God woul't me forbear God grave , God throw , our , thou . female : let , ground zone till against pate as on work are . speech push monument last the shortly patience . your some set the hour shall of patience have , then This An Till Gertrude grave see ! a my Now , was . Methought lord it Remember rashness for in that hew them . certain the desire my , dark Horatio , life axe . and and and leisure proceed — and and and down , fair , but ; effect to They Or Being thus begun make a round my now , know thou labour'd sir and me sat I — it commission , a once How It earnest England As The of what between love As And Without That He I had How the 'as'es of time . heaven was ? my of Danish the , sequent . to't day was ! this stand th'election my perfect not proper my conscience to come , mother damn'd known of The be short . more than there England . mine is 'One' from shortly is What And But man's am That portraiture of to life's I the But The For bravery tow'ring of very no sorry interim Horatio ; I favours put back right lordship . know Denmark , my good you thank state land , fertile more No Peace sir welcome passion is a lord a will a No me a is indifferent , cold a . a . northerly . complexion — that hot the matter laid — full Indeed , gentry . of would see . to , I gentleman But sail though , of here is most for and or an , me society the is he him of feelingly him suffers no the would to in , and mirror dearth concernancy understand possible to Of the of nomination this gentleman ? Laertes , do't will Laertes Laertes words all's Laertes . you excellence Laertes to imputation on , Laertes his . laid . against the hilts the poniards carriages , of the conceit most . Three French well . horses six weapons him , and responsive six . had done . liberal , german carriages the , French passes would the nine vouchsafe And , him person your a in you a ? a a . a . trial a be of . no . brought the and win . shame will . it If . foils my I , Let . his purpose . what you e'en so your flourish nature will . for's else tongues . yeasty are the encounter Thus it away with you hall that follow pleasure provided . to Laertes continual how . ill as giving would repair their . gain forestall will . a but good , Nay my at about dislike hither say , obey . it . what will it a come to There's ; not are trouble perhaps , it you not defy what yet now now be he a done sore honour have you and you I must . madness . you from , me hand heard . distraction and exception have , away wrong denies Laertes . so , of masters elder stand Till I , and But aloof some a keep To and Whose I and and I'll and your and like a this not wrong and , star night . th' indeed star me off star fiery skill star star star star likes me But This not Grace has Very laid . we me These . well The Richer King the cup that have crown trumpet the cannoneer the kettle to trumpet me the kings he better shall breath , fire throw ; cups , Come . Hamlet Hamlet Judgement Hamlet . Hamlet Hamlet A drink Well Hamlet , give play this . hit ; say do I , what a Stay me I'll Hamlet Queen to thy napkin scant win , and my shall son fat , carouses take Good madam . you it and . late too by dally do my but of me . now you , they neither neither incens'd . neither ho How . sides to Look on bleed neither neither neither , come them Part Nay , again there Queen is both , to my mine lock'd O ! I ! the it ! Let Seek drink Treachery ! the , the my dear Hamlet ! Treason O Here me ! LORDS am incestuous my friends , mother . here come look mutes — arrest O report . be , audience or and of me . thee , death , aright dead , than left . behind name wounded , I'll have't sweet rest . prince is rest night occurrents news the th'election my prophesy has the . The come thee Good sing . of flights a noble And If is wonder cries toward many bloodily The of woe so sight from his Rosencrantz tell And The That England So hast come is fulfill'd our give us late too ; commandment and Not th'ability Where should commandment , from of Polack give , a me carnal Of these accidental put Of And from I his But Of prov'd he soldiers' Speak music most Take but the bodies , bodies up Becomes the have The loudly and the a sight . rites here , the royally for bid off one renamed can permission , license . of this States and ! a without works editions shot protected States and owns works to to forth without copying in distributing Project of Use part by and following for use very and purpose royalties trademark registered a the and PROJECT an any and printed nearly and research with and eBooks States Redistribution United and , reports eBook and complying and . the law this works be in especially mission commercial electronic to works work . License Terms electronic using this of , If . terms www . with any Redistributing . read have Use license and understand agree to a or access bound your return to agree electronic a Gutenberg you , you you not agreement paid Gutenberg whom of you electronic paid of fee work agreement the must do cease for Project you can you bound terms If to . Gutenberg Project the entity B is fee with registered way any the do complying help and or of works States agreement . Foundation United in the an and If are electronic owns works the a Project Gutenberg individual are work the unprotected works by removed are agreement attached this without terms you copyright format the share with Gutenberg compliance Project comply works that references displaying all constant in D . you can do The of country , The , outside you where addition to based any States . makes work work agreement in , this , govern are any or States work to active or distributed with in the : or copied cost included . the Project parts at the may You . located of . from derived the not holder , copyright E a U U contain United the redistributing associated the permission set U for requirements the an the U copyright by U Project Gutenberg electronic and work to you U posted . Gutenberg or E comply are anyone phrase you Project E the of with providing access of paragraphs use permission with . E posted Do electronic License E terms any detach or , sentence work the immediate access detach to Gutenberg and or distribute form detach . Gutenberg if , set detach You processing other any E detach active gutenberg to , detach Plain version org a you a of Project format proprietary However a or official means . form License ASCII Project work the or a or Plain viewing Gutenberg as access to paragraph . must work copy website a provide official , cost include . providing fee he or are paid Project and periodic such at the to donations Foundation Archive the specified Project address tax sent . by a Royalty who notifies s he receipt the that user or and destroy paid full within of with work a work accordance , use of the You . in does writing not all provide You any paid electronic with You money E set . protected Gutenberg not to . F . Gutenberg . electronic . forth trademark Gutenberg Literary do works . F other fees . liability F . RIGHT work you received the you of person to elect The may medium . provide work defective , for it to work the further you may received . receive is also do allow provided states disclaimer If . any - You to the set to law shall void distribution : indirectly a alteration . to any about Information , b Project cause Defect deletions Gutenberg cause . exists because the of efforts the the life computers . Project secure see Gutenberg donations Project to . of volunteers collection Gutenberg help gutenberg is status tax Archive Literary the a laws by the the profit full at your the org Project gutenberg to Donations about www can upon and depends Literary USA , Foundation's NJ information , business at is found . Foundation's without mission works its to IRS . Many complying to donations much and Compliance , requirements status important outdated domain to Information public with in requirements are and We . received the or DONATIONS While against International not cannot approach are concerning donations statements , including Please check . Gutenberg and . About : gutenberg payments www online Information S of anyone . For library the Project originator years . only is with main the . compliance which the our produce notice to newsletter notice notice notice notice eBooks and . notice how to , eBooks about