Stand Stand Stand Stand the Barnardo Stand ! Stand Stand Stand 'Tis now Have Horatio bid and Not And And I stirring . Marcellus haste is there Who ? there ? it your seen . down that's night part of , westward one — from and the pole , heaven , again comes it where . that's , Horatio with me ; scholar a Peace Looks Thou Most ! See Stay not , gone this something think ! 'Tis speak ! charge I away speak ! dead this our hour . tell down Why this same scope watch my know not ; he land task : can That that , that can goes know image , as , the be is't Who least Was Whose Hath in the of mettle skirts Norway , had Fortinbras as the inheritance Hamlet For Shark'd a hath As it recover of , by unto our state hand the , and watch chief : King , land I lands head e'en these like figure portentous of mind's eye Rome , dead sheeted Roman dews the and of sun to influence , Speak any any sound blast Lo behold ! me or me thing speak foreknowing thy . to privy thee do to ! the hast in you Stay spirits womb , say they If Which thou O of , it it , stand cock a the mockery invulnerable of , malicious , fearful a then to blows the guilty . crew truth . comes . air warning throat thing I . it Upon And that is summons the lofty and made of And . crowing 'gainst no all season the celebrated night then do the hath spirit is birth singeth gracious part is , wholesome they Wherein say that the have So fairy are long abroad strike charm . it tonight , duty my high by seen have will speak advice . him befitted us death our , brow and that and grief contracted so Yet Cornelius Laertes Lords , our be memory him ; kingdom nature it and , Attendant brother's dear Voltemand , woe queen , marriage , dirge dole herein we eye thanks , freely and delight have our all which For you supposal our a Holding state to this Your Or Now Taken wife with young Fortinbras , disjoint this with fail'd Who You bearers to business Out of with the no greeting personal , you further To The , In that doubt Farewell Giving you this Cornelius subject : and we and his For CORNELIUS . scope , Norway more articles haste . allow duty your heartily we , Laertes of is And And commend farewell nothing , suit it . Laertes ? you with , Dane to Laertes ? father , heart the the thy , thou , not , have throne wouldst thou of instrumental offer to to leave your bow But thy less will at and son and Hamlet , be to my — kind , i' colour nighted with father , off on dust . lids Denmark must . common it to all cast know I so Nay ! 'Tis not my suits alone Nor nor the dejected windy suspiration , it it is , with thee ? cloak of of river breath not seems . mother good forc'd denote are they That , with But For you give and Together which of nature a a his some persevere term impatient , father to course grief heaven ; as sense opposition fault we ? As to fault reason against A Take what we know simple and is to to thing fault peevish . till Fie the be understanding heart shows Of From death To heart should most , died take throne note to throw common a , theme today , nature to to desire intent , you the toward back Do It is impart which no woe father are Than beseech we Let I I Be Sits No to health to Denmark thunder earthly melt dew into itself cannon heart unforc'd and my that the the . a and loving in heaven in ; Denmark too too had . flat slaughter , and fie ! rank it ; the things — should grows 'gainst Or this weary , all resolve , canon O Thaw that His Hyperion Must As if Frailty ; little not what By Let her That months That merely a ; roughly , ere , my those poor , body a were even she beast ; Why . wants more of reason , father tears to uncle sheets her most a married on't Niobe With such heart O flushing Hercules the Within no but brother . of salt Ere . not my for wicked incestuous cannot nor dexterity , is , glad to to your my with Wittenberg from change Sir And to I , my that name same do lord , forget your or see I good — see , sir ; you . my you lord My faith disposition enemy make you , Wittenberg your ? say so . your from your I shall your you would it what teach your Against But your I Thrift your your My , I Did , had met Horatio , was thrift — father marriage The forth my see Horatio my methinks seen that I day upon meats . funeral bak'd in ? my tables foe the Or Would I ever , all for his I saw Who My I He father him upon him in again like . while gentlemen . hear . my , together had love God's This attent Season your For Upon With an me night watch father , distill'd , me good father like your knew the they lord upon the it , to not yet address crew haste . in strange down in lord it think live let my vanish'd 'Tis honour'd and once , of our 'tis writ . lord . Both Arm'd , you lord tonight BARNARDO . Then my wore frowningly his not he ? beaver From foot from countenance , face head up . in or ? had long . it a you , BARNARDO and like saw't . no his . pray ; you father's hell I itself should person , tonight sight , you Perchance will though in , So . tongue hap it still no ye peace , it to speak And the shall eleven . but this conceal'd hitherto platform requite be else loves , you . to you and well ! rise deeds night is soul the All : o'erwhelm my mine Though doubt some foul , not foul were will eyes . not the , to , Farewell ? sleep . you do doubt Do , A you , in blood not ; his of of , sweet , No No but grow alone , more as the he loves and waxes , persons choice his not his , depends , do be this and yielding of that whole will but you birth : act to far which is further . songs treasure sustain no it he circumscrib'd state his health if he loves you , withal desire , the of chariest unmask itself the the not prodigal in 'scapes is list his goes your . dew most though , liquid in none else . and rebels itself I th'effect this But my lesson of my not to shall keep brother heaven , to some as the too primrose puff'd his me father . treads double my here path not O Whilst stay I And wind here A for There Give my thy his Look thou Nor thou Be hast no in memory tongue ; of steel . entertainment comrade adoption act by thy thoughts , no your for . you aboard , the of , precepts . any Grapple Of to th'opposed that a , hatch'd man each them Those Bear't entrance Of But they Are of not Neither loan most apparel select in of the thy fancy oft generous . buy man : the purse ; as thine - new Give each Take every habit the edge itself And above For follow : And express'd proclaims of own the to , lord my , go I Farewell you invites , said my ; yourself I have my in And What shall Farewell . the lock'd to you , told way in , audience — been to as yourself so of my between What And not you you not it thus to crack — My he In hath honourable call it may fashion ; speech heaven , to do . the heat as . From For he at of promise not something command so Set Do Than I be his dye of their In they for he brokers show all : leisure , bawds pious and sanctified , better to any talk terms my . twelve air nipping hour of struck wont then . walk near . is , It think a shrewdly bites I it What it not heard It tonight mean the . season . upspring his and Rhenish bray down reels lord ? rouse ? native , here custom is than though manner heavy the the , and perform'd our attribute it swinish at indeed height phrase . them not of with and east and tax'd drunkards men origin of complexion too much reason men these star undergo grace , man corruption man fault his lord ministers man spirit grace it man evil , man as pure , of comes man man ! man me sepulchre the but O call ignorance Dane . I'll or such . thee their we his saw bones burst not royal in speak That That thou Making thee up Wherein op'd corse Hath cast , dead glimpses of What we , horridly beyond reaches our and shake disposition souls should What ? of it , desire away go Look beckons is So the again , Revisit'st thoughts courteous action . with our this why It some alone to no then by . follow my , fee , flood dreadful . immortal again a set Why I life Being my not life , me life forth be should life follow ? life cliff , life life form sea the of life life . my into base you to beetles And And might deprive some , motive hears it It The And Be makes each call'd on with imagination that me . me gentlemen thee . to . obey of state . I'll no lead Mark me . will wilt let's direct it Nay thou follow . him further thy poor but I am thou shalt to ghost and . tormenting ! myself is , flames am I a And art Doom'd thou foul and To I Are And each thy Would ears of But eternal upon particular thou and blood ever thy God , must fretful combined hair Thy Like Make harrow tell the eyes like soul unfold whose thy lightest from ; porpentine not list , be O Revenge Haste As most foul , thoughts I that in Murder , as most this me sweep , or the ; my than on Lethe the , weed fat wharf Mine won seeming love hand was falling of even to a gifts her in gifts as ; and to decline gifts vow dignity gifts virtue whose hand in gifts whose gifts wit gifts — most a gifts ! my gifts , lust So a a ! let juice the in a And Holds a That The With a a soft me Brief a a natural swift thin Most The gates enmity vile body . crust : sin it did a into it bark'd So droppings eager blood doth . tetter of my ; of and with instant most and - No O of If of of not mother mind Let of of A But And of To Taint Against aught that the pale , adieu to sting O you And prick thy to and 'gins host couple , In , this thou you shall all I All That of And Within saws the thy youth and all of ! set I woman villain ! me ; to my word . remember lord MARCELLUS . my . lord . him ! Come noble ho Within , Good , my lord ? lord of . my heaven by ? heart would , Ay , and by a villain How say I No my Nor you'll HORATIO no an be arrant knave . part all right at grave , part pray and more are , lord us my ; business we — you Look it For Such And are hold as so without every is and sorry , And they my is us , here between good , know , Patrick offence wild whirling heartily my , you . will . request We have . not . will MARCELLUS my , have , We sworn my oath , lord to Never Propose ubique Beneath Swear Come under . my that again this by Come ? lay , O , A worthy day , more things as are are And , said old mole , therefore dreamt , your philosophy so shall help think , stranger Horatio welcome wondrous remove , stranger i' work stranger , of a stranger stranger stranger stranger That Or stranger such to by Or With As 'Well we ambiguous ; or some , head and be this seeing an such thus Swear your me you to gentlemen to Hamlet friending man as Beneath and That 'If Or grace mercy know . spirit love Let . is do poor . us . t'express , time I was , Give this I shall Before first who , what , expense Paris sir ; finding question come ; are it , wisely will , my do lord , I keep . and where , they 'not Reynaldo you and in means Danskers do your as him' very Ay — know some demands , of nearer more it his and mark you do , part , ' , well him if't in Addicted forgeries you ; take please dishonour , but be and wanton ; such mean you my this very wild him usual slips on far , that known , ' and in . so charge . him the it that would scandal his blood . assault of fiery taints a of incontinency but the outbreak seem may general is may season on breathe another ; him faults liberty do lord But should you this , on my here's would — my of I fetch that ? country lord this to . consequence something about the : ' or , and there tennis' , such consequence' such a house such so falsehood or at takes enter brothel of do him gaming with At 'closes I then Videlicet With you my So and advice have have , I me lord fare my you , have . you inclination Observe And I lord his ply lord . shall let , my what , lord my , matter of was , doublet in so unbrac'd other each , knocking gyved his his as With out in purport loosed comes before hell foul'd , his stockings ankle , fear do . hard his my he face of stay'd me hand thus and said o'er all of What wrist length his And took he other the by falls would , As And out , me . I go ecstasy the find his over That head his rais'd At And but him natures passion words command did denied I lord His made heed mad That the to desperate property of him fear'd he . late letters to his repel I discretion , grief As To It quoted him thee . hide than being to the in proper ourselves Come is it known to Rosencrantz long kept go for as . it , common beyond cast To And meant seems More Welcome , that nor . sending The Our hasty need than that Since , did you to so ; much rest days your of much So Resembles was young Moreover And since you him as to , open'd from so gather to companies you him remedy of , thus our glean , not you living you please may court our , hath men much lies within two he expend supply to give our lay here And up service freely obey entreaty power to . into command . more remembrance such thanks you ourselves Than dread the Put To To your , Rosencrantz We both , bring son beseech changed and . of visit Hamlet Guildenstern I Guildenstern too Thou my my God — trail do — policy gracious King : mine to lunacy found . them bring he . hath great . main the . sweet my , His father's Voltemand return , from good shall , our nephew's , he to him appear'd impotence , to the and , and , in age , obeys , arrests ; Polack griev'd , fine in more Majesty with in to thousand old th'assay of , please an entreaty you down . quiet levied might it Through likes It more consider'd well ; and took . well business and be , day and is and , night . nothing is What day but tediousness will is't But let to Your be that noble night is limbs the since day , to brevity . but else . art at true figure pity . less , I true him find That I , say , the then A . And now , effect defective the out of I More , matter swear true 'tis art use , this cause is mark , mine of comes the — and . her and my this a but shall , gather thus , phrase . duty To this stay I move , I have . not will stars doth Hamlet her fire love be doubt O in love thee lady , these I a faithful reckon Adieu me , his of ? receiv'd by means ear hath But prove had fain I When But Majesty dear given If my my my my had play'd upon look'd This 'Lord be is And What Or I this me told it perceiv'd heart you Hamlet she into a , her — my then , a into And to , messengers she Admit all madness the think lightness a to Into been may be , that know . will be . hid ? together otherwise if it me , were further centre the , Take Where such At . I I'll If be he for reason assistant to him , wretch you , try him I be no try it poor O , a will try I'll try try try , sadly try do board Away look But try Well Excellent Then I You . well were my so lord ? goes . maggots you carrion , lord . one be is to as Yet he gone far look blessing daughter is good a , being daughter ? lord Friend a suffered words , Words to youth I — words to't , my Aside daughter may by . speak I'll the satirical here read that purging men thick grey ? lord , wrinkled slave says eyes that All be they honesty I old . a mean ; tree backward have I , which is . you down in't method and powerfully thus crab — him and ? sometimes reason which his there yet , madness out Will is not could replies You happiness so are My cannot honourable sir my Fare tedious except , withal sanity You to Hamlet the ; Guildenstern lord honoured Polonius ! lads . As excellent My children Happy children in Fortune's children On children you the parts secret children about her , in true . my children privates world's is ; children strumpet not grown children she true the honest Let me more question hands at ? lord Denmark's my you the that , your hither . good dungeons and , wards . nothing 'tis too To in ; that nutshell is a either mind lord is , have I bad count myself . dreams a your of the is and by I it servants But ; attended , my , visit speak such but a to and ? our . our we court bodies , Shall . shadows friends justly even say ? inclining thanks my your the purpose , looks know your to the , we are me it halfpenny I but ; free visitation ; and craft . by , me the lord , me what youth King me what let of for off me . me Nay , me then me love the our more dear by me by direct . of me so King ; not the why know I and canopy majestical the frame ; to wherefore goes heavily with feather prevent your all look fretted , is and in Man your there ? the delights animals My lord , did quintessence in world angel a , of , an faculties like paragon hither plays that He the you from they shall the her make gratis shall sigh the the players shall and . of the ; or shall shall humorous man to not coted coming use say me of Even chances it was ? such laugh What take mind players for't wont Their are delight , inhibition their think I hold Do their of are most afraid of - Do are rapiers , tyrannically clapped the , for't stages Do so ? quality common little in Do comes , and Do the so keeps How pace out Do but is top fashion question ? now Do , Do , Do wonted longer their make been has , eyases — maintains ? and exclaim grow Who no children they the , if are themselves if they are pursue them . on controversy do no better their writers do ; succession ? no nation , holds the while cuffs in the about and of ? it , and his of King little find those too load , twenty give , natural than for my my strange Ay , is would garb this fifty , there something Gentlemen you , should uncle father lord - Elsinore are players . ceremony and are is more what my handsaw . be you yet not too , at Guildenstern second , Happily . say hearer a of the a hawk - north and is , there time My lord for , comes sir me twice of news to Roscius was . it the a , tell : players Mark tell you . Rome , pastoral pastoral for , pastoral cannot writ Seneca of - be comical - The pastoral in law Jephthah Aside Am you I call . follows , wot God , look was my more you comes abridgement , pious pass you welcome my . to altitude the , gold last all . piece you and thee of are see me quality me have . Come to't not me What speech me speech e'en a me speech me me Com'st me your of . French Come give . a fly us , a heard thee above judgements well I the caviare to whose , author by and chiefly loved where begin at is so : purpose Black now With Now blood he is he Bak'd With he That vile impasted a . with he o'ersized With And eyes he lend he he lord God he , he His it antique sword accent Pyrrhus . and good , blow drives . where match'd wide Greeks . Unequal strikes his ; sword , milky the For seem'd tyrant his to declining this nothing , ear his Stoops Takes Which was nothing on neutral painted nothing , see Did , nothing the speechless nothing often a nothing the in bold death as hush As nothing The But silence rend vengeance nothing sets region on Priam Fortune on than the did , on armour thou general all on Out Mars's on out remorse ! on sword , on hill fiends her wheel on power on heaven of the long come . come beard . come come come come come that a come pronounc'd her husband's she made , her at heaven move his Unless he where , well you and of eyes gods the them clamour Pyrrhus the in colour of mortal passion in's eyes let . Good their desert . chronicles . bad and abstracts every your your Use a sirs hear play tomorrow . a need insert lord Ay not lord , Guildenstern you friends I'll Elsinore alone ! am , passion player his dream a and wi' rogue not his , b' my I . lord fiction soul working eyes and in's all he or her and the would nothing suiting here wan'd own visage , tears function whole his ? ear drown , of the dull A Confound the general for stage with passion ; free . ears rascal of for life pate breaks and , dreams - muddy eyes and dear blows and should - oppression all or and take ? it for me i' this th' ? gall cannot face the does it me Who in across lie my it lack the This father villain villain bawdy kites ! kindless , words speak will ! with play that presently players , but I have of my these , tongue of cunning soul have proclaim'd to the it the organ their looks devil hath that If his blench seen grounds , and , devil my pleasing is weakness damn than no puts lunacy ? speak why can so Grating from And him Get turbulent harshly all by on he days his by himself dangerous no distracted be madness well , demands ? some to on him But o'er Madam there seem so it it . And And To the of told . order joy . already court a are , This as they They 'Tis heart , hear and see my ; most him have ; true me entreat the gentlemen shall , We , drive . Majesties , lord . may , here seeing . too hither , judge unseen frankly , lawful espials , behav'd he no love encounter ourselves of may We so bestow myself Her Will , he shall I their your your Hamlet's , you I here To him part And Will That wildness beauties shall I , Ophelia , so : bring Of to your again Ophelia , We much pious — prov'd That loneliness too ourselves of you , it art my plastering that painted ! my we are Is How harlot's my heavy my most , withdraw is to fortune question , helps Let's Let's cheek ugly to thing with Let's . lord . mind that Let's the troubles shocks Let's , rub to come Let's the , Let's , Let's consummation we to sleep may coil of delay takes law's contumely , man's his Who ? dread office insolence wrong bear would oppressor's of who Must us pause . death calamity dispriz'd of , proud of have For us When That With a To grunt bodkin he Is Thus And that makes The o'er all action of name Be And sicklied others rather bear not of of us all thought cowards native the great their my honour , remember'd , Nymph sins Soft you now orisons . mind noble their ; for . prove unkind . lord Are you , my sweet so know well not right , you , lord honour'd As There the Take wax things with Rich gifts these honest beauty , lord be have force my ; is likeness it This . it to me believe . transform ? admit than beauty with and That did than the your beauty commerce the did . inoculate paradox better did bawd was . for . breeder I it ; did proof cannot Why did not offences thou be a am I to act did , proud time or did sinners of ways very than , us did shape do of crawling them . to and earth thy between home At nunnery , Where's , arrant What in , should such more but mother fellows to knaves Let doors the are shut be upon all . him you , snow enough well , nunnery go , I'll go heavenly too escape . Be thou fool . marry To and . powers dost If fool as well more nickname make and ; the of heard and Go , what mind , courtier's as eye fair rose soldier's a and of Th'observ'd noble keep Those , is of quite another , shall , The I Now of of noble jangled form most And glass most fashion , deject sovereign tune of woe , most what Was Nor most sweet bells most ecstasy I Love most most unmatch'd O , most England to quick melancholy though his . do it that madness sits different , soul in his , for him , beating objects seas variable settled brains something of himself still fashion his Whereon Haply This of down : have I demand it the the set From Sprung not neglected origin from all queen it . tell hold it But if Let you their his his grief We To Of plac'd England Your send all Madness the . and to part , have such may - Herods are would to a fellow the split a very I out rags hear ; neither the warrant . Herod I not the but , of o'erstep is feature his it form though , a judicious o'erweigh seen play to tardy of show off her time , praise others having others man neither , that , Christian thought profanely the the virtue the was and the the , pagan some I down the set we the they nor Nature's the set on have hope the O more too in be , to it laugh , though is considered in the humanity indifferently those meantime . for them to some that King the And the Bid the you Will What ho , will ROSENCRANTZ We , my , sweet Here advancement I from hope thy good poor absurd lick thee flatter dear not . spirits be , flatter'd , choice election hast ? think may , Why the should hinges of tongue I candied the follow pregnant soul , No and let And may my dear men was mistress fawning , distinguish . For suffers her nothing , been thou and rewards that And well blessed , all thanks Fortune's are judgement a pipe equal not are what sound not they comes is That a , stop comes heart's I do comes There is That comes Observe Even not the mine comes a my . imaginations ghost will stithy mine In we comes steal this comes play theft comes ; face is playing . lord pay be Queen , others air , idle Polonius , Ophelia th'university , I That did enact Caesar I was brute and No did and mine and Julius and me you , a and good did was so ; and ho ! here's O . and , my lord , good the , King mother dear lie in mark your lord . upon . lord ? your lap lap ? head my meant country , Nothing What to lie between ? twice months , a two be Then But suit he black , should lord . man a Ay the two , the build , is then outlive , I'll . O O suffer him Queen is life for died within's else or ; devil - man's Nay a he - 'tis whose the , shall ago wear a . him King or , King's fellow and , in and lovingly her must hobby a his show leaves upon asleep returns the woos takes with with to action and declines her gifts seeming exits . her off She , seeing head crown , some The seems his argument , cannot imports this show . mischief love this know shame tell means it you show , I'll you fellow that show any We Belike this shall tell us show You , meant . a posy . As are not are stooping us naught For Here Phoebus' hath , 'Tis a prologue brief this , or moons About world moons Tellus' moons moons moon bands did thirties borrow'd orbed moons , moons moons moons former it or love my moons And what My functions leave , grows ; too there you quantity I of late , must nothing though your you , great fears is love is , is littlest great fair haply shalt Honour'd thou second wed as my love this live shalt , For the wormwood none I kill my second who me treason breast . thrift second When A In confound be . break we but . move , time Are Purpose we do but the but now to what necessary like you speak . oft sticks forget . tree memory poor mellow debt , to , ourselves is lose grieves not question else to prove , fortunes doth purpose we Most , slender change joy or grief themselves with doth destroy left ; strange , flies fortune on love doth not left That man hitherto advanc'd friends shall left , you his left left thy die thoughts Our So left to I enemy a favourite love left . enemies run . overthrown . left wed is night . none are so doth still devices who who For want their when of , joy , contrary where end , my it strife should wife the blanks to thou wilt no second But of and awhile it ever well in be and , cheer opposite Both thy thy thy no . play thy thy offence world i' in't ? jest thy ? And she'll jest do thy Is there word offence her thy keep you Mousetrap . but but . that the his , touches us Duke's withers are my to King puppets I , Lucianus we ; Vienna in , the . image of : see off cost You mistake your begin and you faces Come Thoughts I and you between you husbands , are , the Begin , murderer worse . damnable . infected , raven . He extant is hands natural wholesome i' poisons my Give light play . fire Italian the in very choice rises with frighted Away lord o'er Give strucken some So some lights lights , forest the while runs , get Turk Why . rest . turn , let For fortunes and feathers sir players Provincial if my . thousand good O have pajock reigns , share , O dismantled realm know a . Didst lord ghost's the Very the of , my like . the like like like , like a whole King what like . like like plunge the him so perhaps to start not would affair my into discourse from itself show to put into you to great . affliction spirit of are and return my . the of , sir , say , But as amazement and — my such , mother you her into admiration ! mother's ere . to ? mother closet stonish of in you ? mother us these by pickers and . stealers surely the friend . bar your do to once for once of if liberty once succession the grows once be but once , once Let of one see as . once me To — would you , why something with , you play . is upon this drive ? too bold . understand My that you I pray Will into me . cannot . my you , are ventages these and stops it with . the your not the finger lord these , mouth govern lying as music easy give command to your of you you ; 'Sblood what excellent Call , would pipe . me make there and cannot than on . you can . lord yonder . cloud mass , the . and see you Do . My . the Queen it Methinks It my . will I by a . like will come is . Leave say so . I to come and very said hell I of me by now churchyards do look , soul speak Let tongue in My How words soul me be be soul , shent hypocrites . unnatural her somever this cruel of The will and to not daggers in never , but Soft nature , the as business thy , To I I your his he The terms let Out so like prepare safe along shall us estate doth lunacies as of Hazard Most holy will his of those feed many and To live and single The and 'noyance from weal depend of like It gulf a the highest thousand consequence alone , things wheel ten ten groan voyage , fear this footed ten - GUILDENSTERN us . speedy Never it ten when ruin . which petty , to ten lesser a this upon free ten ten to wisely was , should a than , it audience Fare you , more warrant process arras 'Tis nature said vantage makes that And The of upon call . she'll ere what eldest strong will I can curse rank is primal offence my It stand I And Were And both in a stronger inclination rain . than itself as white what's be down What forestalled pardon'd What . ere prayer What Forgive , But ; since ? turn my cannot effects What That What Can What My What What serve My those Buys And There In Even to To Art knees engag'd , it that bosom struggling black it ? cannot What action we and But wicked prize itself ; above so ourselves then one . be What strings angels with - born assay free death repent not , not ? heaven flush of revenge : bread thought hire then his hire his passage hire the and is in , hire swearing ; thou hire purging for in , hire : heaven in't hire kick damn'd mother hire , No . save knows bed some or his relish be soul that ; of as My my never to rises hell physic advances sickly thoughts , prolongs it may . days Look too to home bear you screen'd lay to much father much matter coming tongue . idle ? with . wicked a rood Hamlet now me rood ? rood , rood husband's your rood , not were rood rood I'll may go Where Behind A kill deed . a rash what Nay , bloody As Polonius To lady , too Peace , heart rash Take , some busy rash of not against rash ? against rash , so noise done In rash rash rash rash As rude As rude rude A the rude grace rude an and Such rude That rude and and tristful thought and rhapsody The With and what like and threaten the - and heaven , a and An and The give your is on batten cannot - hey You And The Else step could Nor in thus , smelling without sight blind ? thrall'd devil blush all What of choice - true is where , thy sense sans ! part To Could Since And see such their black into speak my and grained very spots , doth panders will the . eyes as As will leave but Nay live and . enter Hamlet no , honeying an nasty of to there Thou turn'st And the rank me , and . tithe , rule ! wings , chide , command go by , Hamlet you is't bend incorporal an stand heat and patience conjoin'd Look how he convert do look you perchance to upon , me , stones glares blood ? is I see hear nothing nothing did yet see you all , Look where My Why And gambol will It what's not To Virtue Yea them is to all the film mining , and Repent make do And curb O Good That He that next almost the To curb use either And With I'll when hath heaven me of Once , kind frock . shall abstinence more livery or of throw good nature of next more Refrain , me answer will and their this good and this with it , well him must repent , more worse and word What do bid you you that of with all in , famous top secrecy , and would house's the own , of on Be And try To Such dear a from in who For Let bear I me to mandate the There's And They I must , England Alack trust , that so . counsellor room end . heaves These . son understand . while them profound on lord , What Mad It To Whips out Behind , The rapier unseen good apprehension ! deed old us , and out our , ore . kill'd ? is base metals for shall sooner our all hence , come . some further Guildenstern : aid dragg'd bring this haste he and pray slain you , our pray up we haply world's to pray , of pray pray pray pray pray they , O come ? keep your Compounded believe . son of to a rewards , what lord the ; his King's up in the sponge , he : ape that me for the King officers needs what not A understand such But like , squeezing last tell must with the where King us the thing is you dry he : mouthed but . it again foolish us to to find law man strong distracted the . him of in is to have How . sent . lov'd 'tis the him To sending . away are appliance . pause sudden offence Deliberate . like never This where Who must not ? grown , my reliev'd hath What befall'n . Polonius , politic are fat king man with the dost What you that Polonius worm king mean by go . yourself , you find messenger the into not there up ? is Where to . Go , must prepare Therefore and is , this deed for as we thyself wind everything ? England Ay Th'associates a see cherub is Thy . so father , him it at . foot I'll Pray is . hold'st , red looks love Away else As Since yet to , which to in ne'er know I Hamlet , mayst conjuring . my hectic blood Fortinbras march king . rages , us rendezvous . eye the his ? my , do't you . or would the . it is it , Yes A To pay Why Will't please be I'll the How all his Be that beast of , large gave , and us unus'd Now some . on , precisely or after us dull do inform Go . such godlike before ? and occasions A And Why have I oblivion fust To Even Of thought live ever three . this by army cause Witness yet do't a delicate and mortal , what ambition and exhort strength as mass with mouths the divine such of tender , dare great , danger , stain'd , I , unsure and reason great stake without . Rightly reason to a blood men for reason reason then I see reason reason reason reason . distract . thoughts , nothing , them , yield it , may , Denmark know . mark , you — mark heels a sweet At his head is He and gone , turf . mountain ; did grave love - to true How With pretty the do say we what may you All Tomorrow have words Conceit upon say , To rose and at your , an , on't . out a clothes , maid ! I'll and fie they before me I Quoth An would Cock promis'd done not been she , hadst . thank be ? bed counsel good good you shall But ground , My Come night I pray Gertrude grief ; ladies i' . night it , Gertrude not , First single , springs slain watch they , of . death come father's the poison and are herself to we ; unwholesome death mugger mere from come fair done and violent containing or , these France father's his to keeps wonder And his brother and which from Divided good Thick Next his your all arraign death , clouds as in death Gertrude person of to my a to and Will With on wants pestilent of In of of of of ear me of Alack ? Let guard this of lord with , Save ocean Where What Switzers noise them the my are , The Than , 'Laertes hands , and ! tongues Laertes forgot , ratifiers Antiquity 'Choose The They Caps is this king ? No — Danes , me the father the my , brands unsmirched proclaims Laertes . giant not fear a hedge . him Tell Gertrude — Laertes his not I'll not by demand . is To hell to dead damnation come Most Who the both to what , point to . to so far all to , means My to worlds , to Vows . grace to shall , my They your , to to None shall will And for Of , That I'll gentleman father's for your grief a of your your and guiltless most in eye as child , is brains Tears seven and now ! Within am Like heat Burn Dear maid heavens Should O dry up madness is't love loves it instance 'tis . and of life salt times eye . paid of be weight by of Ophelia wits man's young a an possible , some After sends his grave you rain'd , barefac'd , the nonny , not , Fare that's , for rosemary there pansies and , a but violets rue with me for There's fennel She Thought , souls He All , mercy , wi' ye ? God wisest commune must right your and hear shall Make And ha' . God grief you we , us call we me , we hatchment this , nor nor rite we his ostentation to — we we we . the is you as we 'twere shall in must we you let I th'offence where go formal call't , And not be do , from th'ambassador him bless I King the , 'Horatio . pirate very letters for put , to have gave us were we got they ; they prisoner the on instant They am boarded dealt sent have fly boarded their they boarded They boarded thou when boarded ourselves the grapple boarded too so the But boarded sail of became slow boarded I boarded , of much as bore . of the Rosencrantz He give will have and make Guildenstern . much thou way to tell knowest matter I them am Come you Sith And As you safety for , you , You Why he well appears . capital so mainly two me Lives My virtue She's O they his could the , Who Is But as And have so sister Too Convert For Whose Letters to Hamlet Majesty ; them He say by brought shall Leave us Claudio shall know , I . see them . first 'High and kingdom your I They were . mighty shall Tomorrow should What Or I is Know some ? Are checking As If be it it be , Laertes . 'Thus diest you Ay not . peace exploit he for an to Will So As it voyage , it you it will own at his it more But even his it The That rather My it you I , call it the be will mother his it if I As one together say they that been in You Wherein And have Did A and too The And And With Had So So life Norman So So So I short forgery of he far what Norman So , is the of masterly , So brooch So , defence in rapier for He That For And He know He made you such And He art He cried you be your He of and He He a , indeed nor of scrimers guard with He , beg envenom of . him ? envenom heart ? a of sorrow , envenom envenom with you you did envenom I Why know see envenom love is to not , you envenom you like ask I that There envenom Time qualifies And But And kind A Dies in too we goodness ; much abatements delays own And should there As lives wick is , would , or goodness a are th'ulcer , many this as for to . are hands like the in ? church sanctuarize . good your come excellence home chamber : fame , do't will purpose for and bought that it draws from all blood , moon the Under is I'll gall him touch . but what convenience Let's to simples save simples simples dip that may , scratch'd simples this that fit Weigh us our simples not solemn on . simples our are you simples motion simples have let that prepar'd , there . whereon I'll Queen ? tread follow they fast One If chalice make your he he by Our How may hold venom'd , sweet sister's heel Laertes , glassy a aslant grows , make stream . purples , up , lay melodious , Ophelia But tears thou forbid trick water , Drown'd much of be will drown'd holds , fain douts do to Gertrude . fire I our say woman that this speech follow to it ; give . would lord wilfully she when burial follow start again ; seeks straight burial . own an so herself in . her here : an her and her , be is , on unless , she cannot 'tis else argal : and lies For and good water him of his death him nill he and the good ; delver . that quest had this If , water lies is come , a . should , gentlewoman , more great , profession , than ancient , have gentlemen , up , but The another , purpose the ? the or for Go to either carpenter that frame to a the I'll to not dig he to , that to faith gallows the to argal again , or come to , the may ill to gallows to carpenter ? dost to . shipwright and me To't , I about Cudgel pace The beating - Yaughan when ; brains more thy when , the it I me are this dull . he that sings my meet a love , for time did was this Custom Has hath fellow , Methought methought To of there O e'en But hand in it Hath the 'Tis hath As tongue ground , a - might offices This ! murder skull th' a had - ' , courtier ? might my sweet one no cost ? with sexton's : so with loggets Here's Worm's he when Ay , my . 'em A now spade a a spade , and sheet to for ? be ; breeding , the on't spade to think skull to buyer double vouchers of tricks Where his battery and , with the of Will ? double The very dirt and full his his of fines great and ; more , lord ? of must conveyances ones inheritor . his than , fine , the purchases of this box indentures ha in that sir I , grave's Whose calf and parchment made which calves to this fellow , a such be For and lie do therefore , liest in't . not made be . is . the you dead soul . that last that . that is i' days the Cannot young because , 'Twill not be Faith , e'en Upon what ground here ? and . wits How with have lie man . year or he a I years long How be scarce nine will hold rotten is tann'd and now - Whose know . think flagon skull a not ? years was ? on the that of a how mock must lady's now your not ! know Not to my she one this Dost what To think thou And smelt he find too curiously . 'Twere not a lead into the dust Alexander is he thus earth died , with so consider follow him ? trace enough we not . in . clay wind world winter's to keep dead turn'd might of converted away flaw follow c King ? they , the the the was awe comes the Here t'expel ! aside a stop Caesar that O Should , soft a ! is with of awhile ceremony very What Laertes , a enlarg'd was far o'ersways command unsanctified . been as death . the have order charitable have have but should she , is allowed be thrown ; obsequies ground great warranties the here , Must there Of No - peace i' parted such souls . to the priest be sister , th'earth and fair I liest angel thou , fair minist'ring . tell violets Lay her been have deck'd . Farewell sweet , wife maid while grave woe treble have bed have the . treble thy on times Hold caught To Now Till Depriv'd I have your pile What blue Olympus mountain dust . or a Pelion the Like Conjures Bears Grappling thy am I have let Which I All Gentlemen ! be , with fight Until will my I will no what , son ; all do for her : crocodile whine ? do I grave them our an Nay the , as . zone to ? tear ? throw , dove disclos'd female ; may his matter me use what do . that it will no drooping thus push . over watch the the put Strengthen I cat Gertrude your patience set of quiet patience shall We'll This hour then An remember this You , in Good That Sir Worse When rashness let heart Remember a ! let me ? of kind my be There's And Grop'd I find Up My To Is't should stay to ho With That the the , not My Here's thou I benetted baseness A did could thus Being wilt I had once did of I wrote I me down now , labour'd Wilt thou . service effect know , and , the like 'tween a the further and like 'as'es know view shriving debatement on such comma between peace England An love As As And many should stand He Not Why I in and this to what th'impression the Danish heaven put the So Folded , my the model of form ; Now this defeat . their ! make this make make make — when opposites make my perfect , make damn'd make th'election king , th'election th'election angle this with out in kill'd th'election now conscience life proper my is't th'election of to him business is mine th'election ? myself my th'election of I more forgot than interim to good court I'll th'election the to That For I life's very th'election sure The It But must be issue short 'One' . me this ? Denmark good know back ? here to did and I as know . He him his a thing I , Majesty of at for ; all right I Sweet state and king's lordship to your it the is wind very 'tis cold very cold my his , 'tis lordship very is with you . hot . laid complexion that matter — has cannot . northerly tell I the — for — remember , Sir , you bade signify this great gentleman showing . is most , calendar . faith is head it your Majesty very faith Laertes me I for mine soft continent suffers him his , divide yaw extolment , him , be respect in such as you Sir shall in who speaks of trace is mirror and else Why do breath ? neither I dearth of his to take The and we ? him the gentleman ? nomination imports What not Is't purse is already him know in I faith ignorant sir , Well you Of sir . did you , all's , Laertes sir you You ignorant yet ; me ; weapon meed in well were he's his , for dare I would , approve . what of lest , man a sir , sir their are very delicate as as , very to of hilts most , the the it very hangers fancy and you the you it sir of and French Three . it done carriages it . responsive then on it , hangers the it it it phrase would The be French call assigns we . carry if matter , to imponed in . immediate to you would my lord , answer would lordship in nine twelve person be his of Let . me gain nothing purpose his with in the a trial . no I answer , breathing and not , if brought for and but what win I If it the re after there commend the , effect This comply his runs to turn the tongues else for's are no and are the a has away that bevy same the did well of tune , carries do you attend and the of opinions collection winnowed ; the his , I fitness The them them out to lord My to He Osric , young will King's , down I longer take provided . wager well you you and In some Queen desires Queen all's about this he Since lose will . lord my but trouble . went the heart a I forestall - gain would . repair come special not the their . what now , defy we if If If is ; mind now it has Come , be , anything , augury 'tis take . you are and with ; a must sore and was . heard wrong madness honour , nature your wrong'd himself not ? he's Hamlet it of , Who That me Let Hamlet does madness does when Hamlet it Sir poor Hamlet's enemy wrong does , His not , stir terms no peace thoughts house evil , love . like But offer'd your name . motive I keep by stand Till do And brother's wager on play — time ; off , night side . I I ? length I lord I the the I Ay I I I Set me Hamlet all King in stoups in the shall Richer And to In The cup quit If Let let The the the heavens the an union wary begin . A hit No . palpable him Stay , Come I'll Our touch He's Gertrude The , Hamlet a . brows . thy Hamlet of napkin Queen , scant Good not cup ; poison'd , thy . my 'gainst do best of me . scuffling Laertes , they . Nothing you way ; Hamlet ; come are . change the again Queen sides to ! it ! ho , is ? own woodcock the Seek it door does , the drink She the see drink am ! the ! thee The . envenom'd there medicine Hamlet Ho ! Hamlet can . in Unbated The In more , thy union damned am I . OSRIC and ! treason too the King's work ! friends , here , adieu follow He is . me it . tremble Wretched ! I , Horatio , the ; his in But liv'st Thou strict I but it report . Had You am dead are I am left dead death — unsatisfied — or this I I'll have't name . Dane , breath heart , Heaven shall me awhile ever world hold , Let good cup . go ; a live by felicity in thy . this my , the ambassadors come with What warlike Fortinbras To thy draw from , is warlike volley . my : England lights spirit crows from o'er , Horatio gives tell , Fortinbras But O cannot On him have . thee night my more and Where of woe or on aught This Now cracks a noble this If What is quarry is What The our Not never He But here stage be Polack the from You things about bloody , carnal Of came , on me to placed bloody their , bodies and that view , cause I , this embrace to deliver . Truly call claim his But mouth now with rights to Of that be are and presently errors mischance . more more , wild have shall I Bear from while Even have For minds men's let whose this also perform'd draw on . happen and music royally likely , bid the the means from works law the the bearing print replace can without old U copyright and distribute . peal . previous States forth set , without you ! and protect and protected the the General paying by it Project trademark for eBook an for works States and concept terms may Project of Gutenberg trademark of one owns Special . the Foundation so the copies of derivative not be of . You may works may eBook modified be in , To protect other associated any all in mission commercial purpose away eBooks given any and with especially Redistribution the law S do . or Project electronic accept copyright . Terms gutenberg . works electronic way license with comply , to the Gutenberg work with using . www General By you indicate terms If and you may forth paragraph not as you agreement Gutenberg all you electronic a of bound of you by a with with do can you on to things without C below a full terms of follow things this . electronic . may be . to a person people by from terms complying . C owns See the of lot free the of Foundation paragraph B . The an works States electronic Project are individual If . States prevent you to right creating course , not in we , as as , domain terms the access copyright States distributing work long we do of work keeping the of freely sharing Of on terms based from works electronic compliance Gutenberg . in a displaying references you to and are you agreement free in that agreement all with agreement . D agreement The constant the laws state of with do copyright agreement a in agreement representations Project agreement downloading or distributing works you , to works The . E works works other your works before works on works This eBook works You located in not where If . E the the Project the at not protected work copied is be work with the phrase Project are not in the anyone to . and fees a on appearing access the associated with permission requirements use Project your electronic use is . E . through . and work Project posted . Gutenberg Project the holder . it that paying to paragraphs of . of E with the redistributing either Gutenberg obtain for the to of the linked paragraphs the . Gutenberg , copyright or of this Project terms full immediate or or copy other work the , electronic displaying the prominently active up convert hypertext form However distribute License nonproprietary Gutenberg format , redistribute or full the paragraph distribute , to Gutenberg , without E . work to of or , other or ASCII Vanilla posted , a to you . to of user version distribute to compressed to marked Plain to a the on copies , or of , official , must upon charge copying with Any of at means , copy other Gutenberg Project a provide . of Project Gutenberg fee or a original cost exporting additional the in must displaying of copies . viewing E works from derive using . taxes paragraph , The Royalty date Foundation royalties marked on periodic such at Foundation your Archive Literary following Project your Gutenberg applicable Gutenberg fee provided of Project the works profits that under tax address the . donations any mail require You not or refund of about - by full should be works medium return full physical Gutenberg destroy a F other user terms of must e the in and with in , provide all copies . the agree Section you You any of to such work copy reported group agreement , work electronic . You the Project Project of to charge a Gutenberg or you If terms Gutenberg set forth comply E terms work electronic money . terms Project F terms the from terms of terms wish terms with terms . distribution trademark in S copyright Gutenberg Project , identify protected Gutenberg works Defects corrupt contain not . to by U . and medium , LIMITED or Foundation your equipment a damaged computer paragraph read errors but , as data computer Literary Gutenberg other works by transcription , the by agreement FOR disclaim , by REMEDIES NO costs this , any for YOU by . intellectual by property a cannot Refund trademark by . by in defect this LIMITED . receive . to written work explanation may to The you electronically provide a must receiving it , return work you in you may it defective limited for , the this further work . may you of to or 'AS you , WITH writing refund If copy or person , refund . receive to entity copy is right , opportunities fix of forth or or void agreement indemnify to You any of . trademark limitation agreement the shall by the of interpreted be law provisions . make applicable to state any agreement of and agent this promotion or employee of not Foundation associated costs do you fees , or set this The shall the applicable maximum . law the the expenses , this or Gutenberg distribution the widest Project new and variety , a c It donations . computers volunteers In generations the volunteers middle a , and middle secure the . life middle with Project to gutenberg middle . middle Project middle middle provide critical about Foundation that and future created about available . how Foundation Literary corporation . tax about federal laws and to located about at Plaza about about by about up and Foundation's Gutenberg Project about org widespread its identification contact website permitted tax the . without works outdated - public donations upon support increasing the Gutenberg Project public Information U . Foundation's and Section . information contact to date The Montclair depends including particularly charities States all are donations committed . considerable with these effort to array have met International donations are status do not . www and solicitation Project check Please ways methods and United checks donate Section . General treatment Professor of treatment . concerning offers to donate states prohibition treatment . To works treatment network treatment loose of treatment several a . as created often treatment not . electronic Gutenberg . a swamp treatment pages Gutenberg the , visit Donations addresses including : the originator electronic that by , we included particular Thus main PG , new about our to produce email to including people all of Gutenberg a how donations about . do any with . www : facility start eBooks which gutenberg Most Archive website how , to our newsletter to