. Francisco your Get mouse stirring . Marcellus make haste Friends to . Dane Who . there ? is you . the - reliev'd there is night our take hold of twice seen , him ? him of speak tush Tush may He With Touching And us Therefore this will dreaded I watch to have That us nights down fortified , down have seen , burns it star that's speak comes ; a scholar Thou figure The Had When yond same t'illume then part beating that and — again that's King to it wonder . and Horatio , heaven . form buried warlike . speak speak , of this usurp'st that fair and charge ! answer will ! I look ! thyself ! this might and like Of ! So He in he to th'ambitious thou art he was As Is Without When sledded strange Polacks when an I by at gone work of our state knows , haste sweaty the ; cannon of that can - from implements for ; the King this that toward be might make Doth At Thereto as to this , Dar'd the prick'd you know by by Fortinbras emulate world , esteem'd valiant Hamlet him compact seal'd , the had , same , Fortinbras , heraldry by ratified , forfeit gaged stood he been To carriage Hamlet unimproved As But And , us ; compulsatory , lands take , hand it head other and the , some hot of and So The it it - that our armed That A through is is Of by his source think may of , Rome Julius the Roman streets fell state was no and haste sort these the of . moist the empire Neptune's precurse stands blood , star dews . earth with eclipse earth earth demonstrated countrymen omen earth harbingers As earth , thou earth That Or earth Extorted if which , For Which thee be and grace to avoid country's foreknowing speak uphoarded ! thy life , my with it . invulnerable guilty sounding at his shrill and , fire ; or , To his sea god with , it a to about , speak , when the , heard have a , hies truth spirit in of or , it . my life . him duty our with it this I , pray and my him fitting acquaint most . Attendant , conveniently . whole on ourselves him , queen our state , a defeated have ; With With Have With in funeral auspicious , Th'imperial Taken Your better this mirth sometime with sorrow of warlike think Together our He by Importing valiant most his Colleagued follows Now weak you that , a our know late thinking with not state this fail'd to for To further Of You Out For To ; and with business Giving good , these your haste the and , In We You told now that Farewell Laertes reason wouldst of more wouldst hand the , thy throne not more instrumental have return willingly and my France , Polonius and ; says from my leave last , coronation gracious toward France ? father's them must My And I Aside A , fair beseech do thy best hour will Upon hath , his And now Hamlet still much less , kin than cousin , more little it , How And like like Thou let Do like for 'tis Passing madam alone customary my , is cloak of like not inky with I ; know good like thee . seems like man indeed grief woe . Hamlet father father ; a of , eye seem ; heaven ; as bound , survivor to 'Tis to to common , theme , opposition to nature , heaven today hath common fault , a 'tis peevish and unschool'd to his love , our For Wittenberg : intent son of our the father toward And father ; which no less dearest school to bend you cheer , retrograde in throne your bears note world cousin . to our cousin cousin . come cousin . Hamlet , Wittenberg cousin today drinks in . reply Hamlet , accord clouds heaven cannon my cousin health and my cousin best you ; O God world this garden and 'tis ! things it so rank ; That should that to not ! woman were — thy discourse she with , of uncle she father mine , more a like married Within . wants — tears she on't ; and Frailty Why , no most wicked , eyes galled unrighteous speed her , my , my must in most nor lordship dexterity flushing , break , But heart , my do your you well : Horatio Wittenberg ? you from what make My good friend , lord . lord same your my poor with Marcellus Good you . make from . depart your I yourself I lord My , I Indeed I coldly Did Thrift Against you Where eye lord , Horatio my — I father lord forth my seen furnish , ever , once him saw met had Would I dearest , my see that methinks , I my father admiration King father . deliver may a , I the , look upon shall My , Saw My Upon an With the witness of these I gentlemen of like - solemn march watch walk'd gentlemen . pie your figure stately and dumb his Almost them secrecy as In Within Stand Goes at and truncheon's and This the true your knew had they Where The These apparition thing deliver'd night made comes , with , of their and length not the to ; to kept did . father and I . speak third , Did , I did yet ; we where . haste . loud methought speak ? this cock morning it you let did think , I do strange , in , of writ sirs the you down . me ; away in shrunk honour'd , We MARCELLUS , lord . And Indeed do my say to toe top Arm'd say say say say countenance say fix'd And Nay eyes Most would would I have been you amaz'd there . hundred . a . long gape hell though noble my it it assume peace my And I'll bid If Let be speak tenable hitherto , else in shall , understanding And it requite the I'll 'twixt your visit to you to ! play , the My I Your Though father's some o'erwhelm soul foul to men's were not the would : earth . you that his in not of not violet Hold For Hamlet it A Forward And And and the fashion a does the mind For and inward Grows The wide And virtue The , no it No No suppliance more and crescent . now besmirch his choice whole ; circumscrib'd this choice yielding you body , further act is no he loves open of maid , my enough and And Out The of Ophelia you it Fear lose too rear it heart your To , ear , keep Too The And As I wary then , blastments before , this But pastors to good do treads . comes his , brother , his his his . shame . your aboard here his long double A Yet The wind his I you are here And , Give but and by with their hoops with thou Look thou thou them any character , thought unproportion'd no vulgar tried , in judgement voice few , in most a and the fancy thy but , ear censure man the France thee but best oft , of apparel thy man's habit purse reserve rich generous . remember and servants said , season false lord tend thee my your , my the , have in any man my . well lock'd key . the he yourself keep in . Ophelia 'Tis And , touching something is't What So of it private told Marry me hath very ; so been caution understand daughter you . tell must honour truth made me a . your Give , many on yourself tenders , a , perilous tenders such You to affection true what call them ; not ta'en you wind you'll fool ; baby ? green . me his Of circumstance you my ; tenders for poor . think I . phrase dearly to it In not are the of the with lord . do I . to When Giving promise take scanter of for in the must , more entreatments light tongue given may fashion the blazes these almost hath And Than Believe Do Ay of mere given so And believe Not may beguile plain not better like slander is In ; vows . of or talk leisure moment , this , rate higher . in much a command a not But their dye be with which pious for Hamlet ways your lord my forth all : the This and . air eager is obey I I in you to , with give to Have would I As Look air What hour now I it a It No an ; shrewdly doth drains Keeps ? And marry Ay , is't manner the to And to mind the Makes Soil clepe our addition and I More in - born breach though it observance custom here the than , is other and headed and some for , Being Carrying His The As Nature's of form Or As From that his own of . general the in the fault as virtues I habit manners , that — of these that o'erleavens men as Fortune's star one stamp or the thou Bring I , Let Wherein Why Hath cast father Thou thy intents questionable thee Hamlet me but ; ignorance bones cerements ; in sepulchre , did with if you ? it is again glimpses reaches our What to the shake , and we horridly Wherefore to away ? do It do to you waves It will not dreadful you the o'er some base other of toward the flood summit into his thing , life what can be me waves I Or it tempt place waves me I'll It Go on go your not shall shall hands go , out it That looks hears And , Be hardy call'd I am say , Still I heaven By makes And I'll follow Let's , not . Nay Whither When I Must and up ! render is sulph'rous Alas My I , poor , bound revenge I not To Speak term that But walk days of spirit the , to done burnt foul the a secrets am ? thou father's to in my of tale . freeze thy young blood , nature am fires night away soul combined stars locks to lightest - my word I forbid unfold tell To Would harrow eyes two Thy each blood ever thy list unnatural his as in is most Murder , Murder foul that , the thoughts I strange the , wings swift as . murder best unnatural to on . this in thou find I May sweep That not stir shouldst most this Wouldst A stung out rots ; forged did ease serpent whole my thy of ease ease beast , ease the gifts ease life noble ear ease Denmark adulterate lust . a , it made The of lewdness a Hamlet O But I hand in whose went me , in hand was falling what whose wretch her marriage Will soft Though lust . But sate let custom secure cursed of in thy hour be Upon distilment it alleys sudden , So porches of The thin And And And a All eager wholesome and natural with curd Of was smooth Cut , instant like And lazar smooth smooth off , in , smooth imperfections disappointed , on in royal for But not thy mind smooth , that . at bosom her Fare matin well lodge smooth , my to even With reckoning my O thee thorns sting those not the horrible bear this pursu'st thou couch A prick glow And Adieu I couple , O The worm 'gins , mother and thy And , thou you And But of my bear In Yea That villain , smiling by shall there my while , the globe table old holds instant , pressures ! past villain a in and set damned be to me . word my . remember . Illo ho , ho Not say you then needs no To right , fit business man that without we your , part poor own my go words desire and Look but , Yes sorry Yes faith no offence Saint Patrick ghost too honest offence an is It For you are Give , known HORATIO lord , what make Nay My In We have Upon , Indeed , boy , on you Propose oath , this my by Beneath Swear fellow so ? this Ha And et Well to lay are O more and And There Than therefore dreamt before , soe'er odd , strange or perchance times me your : giving ; or of disposition head - shake , if if and to , be could out or 'There help not this need So me friending go is ; you , Hamlet as man Let lips and lack his so not shall , willing Give this , my and money marvellous , his Before My Enquire , and particular they you as encompassment first ; Marry well know your Than thus him' 'I know some are in you . my say wild ? friends nearer . slips most lord gaming As , noted and . usual known and , the dishonour go and him in on would another open ; faults and his charge and so and and . quaintly liberty of , son , working drift . i' you little slight sir , laying party in in converse a , seen thing ever these it lord Ay do I my this know would Marry , believe 'twere You He 'Good , youth or in guilty or . this to . Where did consequence does he . the my , was about ' , ' , gentleman you ; the , and o'ertook , yesterday , 'I consequence' the : or , now — See of truth , thus 'gentleman marry ! day as say , yourself . the what's Ophelia I lord With , upon shirt his his hat Hamlet as with look piteous of in purport hell ? he so loosed , a had been Mad As as his And Ungart'red No speak he goes me by to it little thus stay'd mine and waving shaking perusal the know for , he falls other . he said . to their I will . with me last bended . the o' seem'd And went he way his . piteous up , doors violent will . to fordoes heaven sorry — late ? am I under him lord my And Whose oft the afflict does made mad . did my trifle he better with him to me and to our opinions judgement heed fear'd I thee it cast am quoted wreck ourselves to than , being we go hide known More This To lack had be The hasty nor it his Since Of that Hamlet's that need Moreover your young So cannot of being time father's transformation . have That , gentlemen sure And Good occasion As to whom occasion To occasion occasion occasion occasion And here freely , ourselves be We our To up dread sovereign pleasures more at the , give , too And , And changed . son our these much beseech , helpful him . practices , good my gracious I , the father of , mine , soul : sure I Hunts the cause of do to not to hold I Both , I my trail or it grace do tells head The and me He Thyself , of other and Well fair Most To His Was It was better a falsely Fortinbras Receives Makes rebuke th'assay ; which in , into sickness he , truly griev'd impotence , found he whereat obeys , Polack the further quiet , allowance . business - took feast , time is , duty and time , night night , madam be , and should day is to waste brevity for son true define . at art ? use madness mad pity . use , she comes cause use cause . And this thus and gather obedience have use most use beautified . use . use and ? and and and vile a Ophelia and and reckon to art Adieu , him machine I . most this show'd place is . it believe , me to hath , his best whilst hath obedience in And out more , my above All time Or think of and honourable , think you think dumb sight , her . star precepts I I his of short , we madness a Admit Which That 'Lord might you What And Hath a very likely he wherein lightness a When said , be may It Do you And all such truth we ? prov'd it positively from hid is Take Where may How me this , if otherwise be it hours , carters a and assistant for reason If his from not Be and you be But look But We the it farm be I where Away I'll , my him , O me God will . man one be man my thousand sun the How first truly in to . at . And speak . him . the is I mean faces that which old go sir his you him life . part daughter of leave will my willingly . you Polonius Hamlet there , Lord save the sir he . you most ! How Good indifferent the As Fortune's On Happy Then about that soles Neither , the live Faith secret parts of the you is Then good . hither Let the that but ? her , her the we the lord , grown honest . one ; goodly Denmark being one o' th' is none We think are many there Denmark's Then world , lord dungeons wards worst my confines . to it To it makes thinking then , 'tis . for ; so one me nutshell ; 'tis , that in it the itself but shadow's and court airy but dream , is light and that it heroes , by fay my , For shadow so our ambition I hold beggars our Then beggars' like of I you the attended ; servants ? upon man friendship no but Were not . for And you ? occasion even you , honest an my thanks poor Come , thanks way friends I am dear Is am I , your justly that , enough by and of my conjure youth our But to the What anything kind you withal you - me . But let , no or and what for consonancy the To Guildenstern direct . Nay ever of then why so my sent feather . for we eye the , it so to me this brave this disposition my , have I mirth sterile fire congregation my with fretted seems , know King Queen lost . no shall all were anticipation , you and in to a to . thoughts my . is not this of action woman Lenten so me : pestilent , reason , like , foul , delights apprehension is man smiling laugh you think shall receive lord lord . you coming if there was I man , delights say entertainment and them We delight when you they be knight whose lungs and are ? shall his in peace have way , tribute lover shall Majesty part th' verse tragedians freely and the ; halt blank freely , welcome — his target freely the foil laugh those shall you it freely and the lady the were freely . for't freely profit they think I How their the hold they their , children of aerie and so pursue the quality they they afterwards , their own players dare they — their common can their to been , sin them much no themselves 'em These cry there on top , sir , question the them scarce that the come fashion wearing and escoted succession it wrong they they — are What children there to unless the Do has Is't about money on controversy the and question to in cuffs brains of ? too , Denmark Hercules is my strange , do ducats apiece father his out players is not , for ; lord . King , 'Sblood those . me which mother . The tell Your players - fashion . I yours deceived You must you ? aunt entertainment the dear a I a is southerly a a , a , gentlemen a not to and is , of ; them at hearer . You . you so Rome in is — was my , buzz my . the These treasure nor , too are my lord what , a , more ? no and passing well ' . daughter my , old ? daughter that on Still . Jephthah love ? my not . lord I you most you was , It , God know will , row by and to O , chopine is Thy comes Why As . good first The last friends thee a straight . French than voice . the Pray to fly heaven show chanson abridgement to welcome my lady . old . your to't ladyship not a , as and million others an excellent or give , cracked like ring God nearer speech , but — in in the with as — of anything Masters Come once there set sallets that as were said , affectation 'Twas in such general once thee , he , remember judgements of . tale mine pleased lord my was , Aeneas' Dido than let , me live : of your , it speech arms thereabout see the it in and Priam's much begin It is not as speaks line this at more handsome to slaughter it : The Black When now this he of With Hath purpose dread total the a damned to complexion night resemble mothers Pyrrhus — mothers hellish mothers Pyrrhus and accent him . good mothers . Unequal mothers command arm ; mothers drives whiff to his mothers , this feel finds , finds , proceed good discretion finds crash , milky , Then . lies . finds at to Priam the a finds Priam as we , to declining painted finds blow with the . and of rage , For nothing see heavens winds the some . seem'd base falls wind his and father ear senseless flaming stick to Pyrrhus and matter head th'air will i' after Pyrrhus' thunder work still , below , dreadful fall hammers - him rack and anon , remorse thou the the round as him spokes nave low to long him the fiends on . him him of Say This barber's is him , with hill her All . on beard bawdry ? 'The to jig ! and rheum bisson — or sleeps say good flames pronounc'd venom treason of in , head that for — tongue with th'alarm A down late About this things mortal made passion move sword that eyes limbs her have did themselves saw if 'Gainst clamour had Who clamour gods clamour his When mincing clamour her she at them gods in not clamour eyes . the of has tears . of clamour hear the , more ? this , I'll see 'scape , the deserve bodikin After whipping ? Use better after , him Dost hear Follow less should , man Come . night lines tomorrow well , friends and lord look you insert in't leave , him Ay , lord . welcome good You . night and You I my ye I you not mock Elsinore Guildenstern Good Rosencrantz . I'll , suiting for all distraction visage his am ! passion wan'd function he ? Hecuba , his ? conceit his That a not a Could O what But Is That Tears from in forms to Hecuba weep He for and general ? he Had I , he Make , Like A very That And , What's muddy dreams nothing a , John And , Who off as As Plucks calls damn'd me I I nose the the , or bitter and Am . property was Upon defeat of faculties The gives my I dear for cause , ere region ? face this throat me this , offal have make To I With to revenge am Bloody all it take to deep this , And scullion my , like treacherous am , That , an should liver'd , This dear heaven words murder'd , hell heart my and a a play , presently the at I upon't proclaim'd so have They by the creatures to Have , fall Prompted I I vengeance by unpack soul tongue of my will have these have sitting , Fie struck A That , murder most Play him course quick , spirit something Before tent I'll he be my uncle like organ have their his but seen I'll , power melancholy such my devil the know I'll shape weakness I'll potent and my pleasing , conscience Wherein Abuses Out I'll May I'll can I'll Get from Grating relative He But from would with we why harshly and on drift of lunacy , speak disposition his his . gentleman receive on forward confession be sounded , keeps to state true you ? like with question free him ? players we told , demands your entreat night to to see and hear he They in him they have already . joy ; seem did it 'Tis true before the kind these Of me most as And Sweet he we have as all Good And , shall We Gertrude thus , frankly behav'd no . happy hope I the Ophelia you , be obey beauties so his both wildness bring Hamlet's And That Of gather be That good part I th'affliction , to him your : your . so , such . ourselves Ophelia sugar devotion's . this colour may with do himself to 'tis O . speech too o'er beautied The And Aside loneliness of prov'd devil coming be to deed to my burden most him . To , O ? is heart by The And Or or by to dream heir them against in be - ache end die To flesh , to take opposing sleep that be To perchance slings The No we sleep death ay , mortal what , the To 'tis thousand to a of contumely takes make his spurns , bear fardels unworthy a life whips , delay whips , bourn after Who and dread himself bodkin he insolence of pangs The whips us whips whips so There's man's the and might the proud office merit ? sweat whips of would under hue us not of whips ? have whose bare The And Than And fair And great currents cast of of turn pith native does others we , remember'd well , know resolution cowards of make And Thus thus the the with of well of remembrances long , I , re you . you compos'd breath their to Take with lord more rich lord , There poor my Are ! noble for unkind Rich , wax these things again Ha gifts ha Are My lord when you This bawd than What truly into have , not relish me shall to likeness , thoughts that to them put ambitious , with give none believe I to imagination such all , Where's offences my or than of very proud , I time to to am of breeder me I things but . may he . you snow farewell enough Or , thou thou not escape , marry thy wilt what and , restore yourselves paintings creatures , make O your men ; Those it , You jig hath that as they . nunnery all your , already To a , I but is eye , most sword most o'erthrown here mind , glass most Now see suck'd of of most most most That I Love Nor For set Whereon It From The heard Sprung You I'll England plac'd conference , send you be please ; him where not shall best If let hold My us it mother her in ear , go think so must shall It great Madness , all say but you spoke my , it periwig pated . not tear who , tutor special . this for be , whose the to 'twere your nature of modesty , purpose o'erstep , but let word , her pressure hold the tame neither the make others , that the be must , Now image there unskilful which one the O , the accent . the so with imitated the them the of spectators that laugh the made I allowance your to speak it the the not . your of question my this Queen the you , that and too players piece ? presently . lord art as just withal . cop'd thee spirits , choice hear ? been in all with blood that man and are suffering for seal'd As Hast That There scene ay passion's what one In To Whose stop not a Fortune's for . and my Something heart's is sound , is It Vulcan's mine we . imaginations ghost unkennel . very the when have , As my core , before the one of that comment , in thy a father's my speech ; join ; theft the is seeming , this , playing a place . must I . will play . and Polonius ? Ophelia be Queen you the to Get the Well aught detecting And 'scape he They march Rosencrantz fares How i' faith A you cannot feed , so words play'd air . not lord Hamlet My and lord , enact i' kill'd . so Be the killed there . you calf you . Brutus ready , you stay ; actor you patience by attractive . you your sit a you upon they Hamlet , lie here's To my , here's Ay the Lady here's here's here's think , I Do lord here's , No shall my a , my , nothing thought think I That's What fair You Ay , are maker how , Nay cheerfully die let memory may churches build then is his , or 'For ' , shall half not ; embracing . upon in the Anon down comes him him dead . Lays poison King pours , four is loth of carried , Mutes of his of of , accepts of this Marry , of the Queen lament seeming action to . woos Belike shall , or show you , are for your hearing our : meant this what you I'll mark , posy . my patiently tragedy ring , round gone ground , state former extremity . is you . so : ere you and Yet , your the o'er from made distrust , as to and love my , holds know or hath doubts behind : great , their this In second must O needs husband who let in and in leave , confound rest fair , great fears operant belov'd grow Where powers thee thou shalt live husband the , me move of but second wormwood but second wed . Wormwood my marriage dead in The instances me you None do violent fruit is Purpose kisses I Of But what kisses second husband think believe What to ourselves Most kisses passion ourselves what unshaken fall pay kisses own revels kisses with , kisses But like necessary ending either grief when birth we violence is world That For , but poor validity : grief with to change . else favourite fortune aye lead down , you , destroy ; should for our fortune loves not , joy Where passion in grieves , his shall a hitherto The great But who who love 'tis even This Whether The And ours orderly So That advanc'd man on friend enemy I so think Nor makes love lack where do fates him his a : own our , night hope scope joy face in prison have would cheer no desperation anchor's opposite that hence it , pursue blanks no be and me , lasting I ever no my no a no be strife destroy . the Each die no But If , here no sworn deeply To The spirits . grow rock Sleep tedious day thy I with and should Sweet , what Meet never lady , twain play . word would sleep world offence no no ? she'll , jest but heard The how like methinks much Baptista that : o' . i' ? the you play of image wife not is jade ; see in Vienna Marry I lord you and my , have the is a This It You would and begin . you a cost keen . off edge thy damnable . revenge , leave for , doth . no creature midnight blasted husbands Hecate's With is the He extant The how anon story see wife ? thrice , immediately and usurp . of . fire Italian frighted , i' How Lights , fares false sleep must ; play while world ungalled a ; with the runs Half whole know Jove himself , very ? word have — here pajock . pound ? poisoning note some well some not with a . him marvellous ? rather lord ; drink choler with richer , would affair my sir , you . affliction pronounce spirit . hath I , business my . breed end . the return . and is wholesome wholesome , diseased , you say , sir But shall do mother's If your be the you say my answer hath matter or son this , at that to speak were , this desires shall this this this My so once this , she lord trade you did me stealers . your King himself for something do toil . a why into too is me you musty unmannerly this ? withdraw drive pipe . I , play love you cannot stops most discourse you lord my . do me : govern with to any Look . skill command , these of are finger , the it the this in , note would You think pluck me have the do me sound would make it on be my ; you , I cannot now you would look mystery ; how unworthy is yet , to Do , lord My you a than can , speak like . like whale It is backed , Or like — whale . fool like 'tis like a like weasel weasel a come by like like like , out , like blood time bitter . world look , will tongue soul on cruel daggers me lose not Nero be To give , range not madness commission will . my words to speak My them seals in Therefore safe us , you , prepare shall lunacies doth as England of religious terms to soul Majesty . not it stands may our nor with hourly along estate us his Out forthwith near so your bodies many upon feed is mind is . safe . falls the more and armour and and peculiar strength . The gulf massy but cease ; much of rest from depend mount , things , consequence which ; on near not it adjoin'd huge King will now For Which but summit ten alone it lesser highest thousand the annexment spokes but , we fetters put free convey going . the Behind but he's , to this this GUILDENSTERN upon footed voyage but . closet but . but . know lord what Fare , and warrant I'll mother's his than audience I to ; o'erhear my a liege was myself said mother , upon't I defeats as ! guilt to a inclination It hath my Thanks , murder be pause man is offence A stand And I wash visage this twofold offence force to , form of Whereto fall murder That cannot mine ; turn effects own be one To But And My crown be . prayer confront what's To it white as but ere down , oft the no shuffling , not so action wicked by the 'tis and true law 'tis gilded In And To in to out Offence's the hand of ambition . forehead of above , and am did , retain , there those In seen nature . when bosom Help ; more limed what wretched Try may shove justice compell'd lies ; struggling angels heart the All sinews of Now And I And - black cannot What rests ? is to scann'd that villain same . new ! be to Make of strings born well babe praying ; send . as , reveng'd soul then rage bed his horrid , act some , of ; or asleep and gaming And trip him season'd or of And salvation may heels kick it his And And And And stays and , in a is in , soul that may prolongs goes whereto but be This As And has no remain to thoughts heaven , black mother My physic words him that his And , the much not him offended . an offended . what's hast thou Now have answer question now , What's matter forgot now your , rood husband's . would No the not are , Nay it so you Come What , Where How now Dead me . rash O , O . as good — fool thy intruding . rash 'twas , king my word fortune danger sit you shall down — farewell , brother , sense against so I ; it Take thy , let took And Thou of Leave have damned , And sets forehead . Makes innocent , compound face religion contraction sweet , Heaven's at act the what - thunders loud as words this thought Is Yea tristful solidity soul from as As With That As visage , glow mass the this ? brow brothers , a Where curls Mars presentment was threaten kissing form heaven to front the combination lighted , two on in and so Look what of seated hill . command and picture grace , of , this himself and Jove on like a every New A Look was This The Would And Look waits day You And ; motion have the this from hey Look Blasting Here is his on cannot batten Could your husband the Look god give To Look Look you - this moor call in the it this you thus without such ecstacy upon apoplex'd But sense in it serve Eyes Ears Could That And To melt in mutine ardour shame Rebellious O ! of , eyes part , Proclaim gives . virtue And O Hamlet turn'st As Nay of , in Stew'd Over sweat , rank not eyes and no leave leave but live . leave leave ; and love leave bed part and leave the in not , and a enter me speak O that cutpurse from put shelf the pocket diadem ! gracious to son with me What shreds would your . and patches your hover guards and , Alas . me heavenly not you The Do come , weakest to Speak in between on . say ! O your That but But How step Conceit her thy forget of your bodies not Do whet bodies That with , And And Your Forth at as bodies bedded up Start the Alas bodies O bodies Upon Sprinkle form bodies capable . them Lest My want Will stern and this with and Look ! him you you you you you To whom do nothing you ? I ? you liv'd portal ! away you , your to . temperately ! love place within heaven is this , him good virtue , it heart . bed . in twain mine you to not purer a Of That With the either And And wondrous change abstinence habits the to gives likewise that is put a on lend the , Once with me punish That One be cruel , well . so minister it lord same this me this So to remains good heaven ; must their , but I will I gave him word What I again , mouse his fingers , to worse shall means , neck cheek King him let No , hide on the sense from queen that's Such the To Let conclusions , ape to breath ? breathe life creep , secrecy and like know England : trust bear I Whom will letters must had own 'tis , two ; hard sweet , counsellor meet directly moon one at his When And But the packing me . most mother prating this most , seen have How Hamlet ? tonight while little ? and mightier the sea , this the Behind Which Mad brainish brainish Whips brainish brainish It been liberty brainish His To Alas This will short what a , let it feed gone , brainish . Where the O'er the the man . so , much was to yourself this bloody us restrain'd keep To most fit , love haunt out is deed done and come hence him ship Among itself O must But will with all , and vile is the further . Guildenstern dragg'd and , fair pray call haste he some , aid Ho majesty with — the seek go excuse hath Polonius him madness mother's . cannon what our diameter his haply to , stowed woundless air of dismay ! away do , they come . body . And where Compounded on . Within ROSENCRANTZ ! my with ? the . with , us dust lord dead take . it believe not Do I of replication a the do , ape swallowed like Ay , them , authorities last glad A understand speech sponge needs in up he such an , when soaks But you officers and , not my a in lord . go body A my . Hide , a , the is to him him lord fox find goes strong body multitude , so not He's Yet me Bring not pause How Deliberate sudden the By from seem must desperate Diseases sending . 'tis Without now dead We where lord , is , my What ? But bestow'd cannot Where , guarded , Guildenstern ! where's before Bring my us . service and worm beggar to him us is your . we but That's , is fat at , but and creatures your lean else e'en he politic fat may Nothing is of place He Hamlet him this month i' seek Send you , Attendants stay . Go come . you quickness is England our knew'st . purposes . Farewell , one ! if But mother them . for Hamlet mother so and , is him him have everything if Since sovereign process , Danish us to the Our By present cure haps my , Tell Till joys ne'er 'tis done . begun were king ; eye in promis'd march with . his rendezvous us aught know . so lord my , whose ? pray . of Against part , Who sir , are , I How are you ? these sir , Norway them , name farm would patch a five Pole of ? Fortinbras , not no , ducats will it speak gain it in hath go To A Two thousand already , not inward straight go , against is me revenge do all How chief my good his sleep you If to spur but be with he Looking made That To fust thought And A Bestial Why yet Sith do't cause ever To That But Is When honour's at father of to the greatly an fortune for to find to dare danger tender and prince , ambition and and without Rightly event unsure , invisible the have for the Which be , be O or from slain is , That To My hide while twenty and numbers fantasy of cannot tomb their , kill'd and my of continent forth , men thousand fight , see I shame try and a death like cause for worth the is mood she I importunate and heart her with indeed . says , speaks of speech move doubt in ; beats She Her speaks but of her , straws unshaped Yet the words winks were Dangerous good would nothing sure think and , make conjectures ill yet with spoken - one , up to There's tricks Spurns And , Which 'Twere her come sin's jealousy guilt . may , thought , in to beauteous Majesty the How should another one his By lady ? imports what Nay , shoon and hat pray . mark this gone dead a , turf lady , gone Ophelia but , you Nay — mountain the as White . my here shroud grass a stone mark . snow Alas Larded with did go . showers a be her was not we you owl , words Conceit no ; they Valentine's Saint of this but . baker's . daughter at your , say , know , clothes window day , his table you let's is the maid he in up Let Then and Never the And I'll Saint by Ophelia ! make shame they if Pretty the your , to't me , sun yonder , an on't , are tumbled bed ; blame . patient . cold thus cannot choose to come ! My she she shall night , she brother . my she thou An to , hope it . And . lay close she . she the he most violent , author whispers grief her give ; father's watch good ; counsel . I , greenly ; pray you Wherein on nothing necessity Feeds Last , brother Her Divided Polonius' Thick For good hugger the Without to Like In ear pestilent of , to beggar'd his in all containing keeps in buzzers not Will ear a and Gives matter person dear our of his arraign many my O Alack Where are me . of more rabble were of word ! every but call with The a my , overpeering lord his guard , lord the to known not , props Danish , false trail , broke you Laertes tongues king begin king , custom forgot ratifiers hands , O Caps How this is be the counter will , we you pray Where No ? We Give . Cries will my calm mother Of my between father good my door vile the brow Do so here drop that's cause divinity but can Even to cuckold blood . harlot . like king me : Gertrude — devil profoundest be his , I dead ? Vows , the to I'll only my . I not . grace Let But dare both Let , allegiance to the pit comes worlds this point , and the writ in certainty foe then but them know thus Of your Laertes , both is't know , you father's , of sensibly it speak you with blood I'll good Repast kind friends them , child and in day as . That Like you true your your that ? salt times . come 'pear for , your Let up my , a young fine wits May . Ophelia , of eye rose of mine ! by paid weight sweet O be beam as After thou thy bore It Hadst on Fare you well and thus a his down - that master's than daughter more call him ; love for matter thoughts pansies remembrance didst wits could and the thoughts , that's pray . steward - false There's remembrance , here's some . o' for ; and you . rue died my a herb . with but , a difference when my , my all you me fennel , and . all my bonny and good my of end my to not come , death thy no he , my my Thought She all His God of souls Do I of you Or Our content labour lend satisfaction life our we you by If They crown Make And To Be trophy Cry be No To jointly , in , shall be , ours , not content your with so his Let give to , I where th'offence is you with . let let they me with the let me . great . let for . let the . let you speak letters what in . have , God Let bless him bound it ; letter Hamlet be . name give Ere gave us to have they sent , I letters prisoner I too am were warlike letters for this . on On yet are fly death have much will England your course did the very I a pirate , boarded of them King haste make . These thou wouldst matter . I thou tell good knew they thee what have dumb knowest have I I will way must must whom may these much and way that brought for He from your me and hath your way in my with Pursu'd , friend way for , father way your a knowing tell . As way That well proceeded mainly were wisdom capital against But me , things , stirr'd , much Queen his which — seem The and life my for myself and go , motive not but not I might sphere , him , in his , to wood loud so for that faults turneth a ; general gender stone either mother their his all not the , like his Would not reverted timber'd graces have have where Is I , the to She's or to her moves conjunctive in that aim'd terms , father my again , the spring the great Convert Would Too to wind , think , to What How pastime can think And Stood That That we And to Letters This not are let father . beard be you imagine them . Queen the . on When I naked eyes the see all the thereunto pardon recount leave sudden beg you , Or What and . shall Reads shall first this shall us ? your I your strange Are , and rest occasions . my of ? come . Laertes ? otherwise ? How . sickness diest tell , it And As I am That how Ay voyage his checking own As not , it Will be lord me so me If it ripe my will and choose work that he death my wind shall no , device but my him my my so my practice my . the , shall it will be breathe . quality a travel him from in and unworthiest is , the one together say pluck in , youth less becomes wears parts Your since your for envy the since . my my such , Of needful Importing . on gentleman demi grew He in't seen health age well doing horseback of livery that — seat gallant French , horse natur'd thought . did he his - brought and topp'd , and . Norman The He all of you , defence nation his , out like your a ? sorrow ask to the a you dear painting , my . and lord of love flame fire by ? passages of it . proof in and very that like growing would pleurisy still abate heart without love father your is did I you think see qualifies And A And , abatements we own For in are Hamlet hurts And tongues do should Dies there by this easing back son words To show : a are ; a this are deed undertake you o' ? father's than what in sanctuarize good But th' Laertes chamber come your ; ease contriving with , fine being within home , together have thing death , slightly , it so knife of but draws moon scratch'd withal if be So Where the from , bought it this what drift shape our our to us but contagion , can all is , touch , means , fail . see project this and hot , to you Soft , that me — dry are cunnings have , Queen , O . did she glassy the aslant grows woe Drown'd a is upon drown'd heel ? sister's doth There shows his dead men's , in shepherds the down in of , pendant give daisies garlands leaves hoary fantastic , do liberal a , to Clamb'ring There our she a . from . melodious old spread up , herself coronet clothes an her trophies envious . brook her hang When weedy awhile they Her her snatches , her garments element like But her wretch creature native and could with death muddy then her of I forbid it therefore Drown'd drown'd that Till Pull'd Alas Too much she drown'd ? Ophelia , it . give follow will to Let's again let's , this Therefore , when salvation burial . burial . her Christian herself finds her grave crowner here . to . in straight so else her found For she Why act But not . lies man , shortens . Nay not mark ha' gardeners Christian there thou to drown . hold pity hang Christian not crowner's is't buried If been on't , should say'st this Come , and the , countenance in What , a art to is that What . If digg'd builds The like well Who gallows is to stronger to well well stronger no Cudgel I last makes me are , it he houses and when Yaughan , the it did a till did nothing a ; was love very love . sense How knave the first the did which this now me Hath age in . that - be could would and had I if As , beg - when horse , it one , it not ! my now spade . Here's such lord my jawbone , it politician circumvent lord - lord good loggets mazard with see't trick at , e'en . to so a : A For pickaxe 'em ? for a to . him knock to , of be made a lawyer and of battery ? Where be his the his of , too very dirt the of tenures tricks sconce his his double must of his inheritor and The the too skins and made , lord lord , Is not my of purchases his of lie of indentures ? sir will that assurance skins . calf — a indeed thine Ay it lie lie in't part my be to a quick will it in't it liest thou be I therefore thine thou and , I , not for quick ; What dost For You lie dost dig ? it , 't man was One How it , all the age days the long Every ? born — fool is Ay marry tell Hamlet th' How that was recover sent matter no he , he was mad was Cannot because , tell Hamlet that have sexton they , came strangely How strangely , here How Very in a I what . last will pocky many ? some nine we last — in tanner , Why will scarce great Here's water now . a skull while dead whoreson A mad Nay was was . or nine year . is more lain he the whoreson will that so your in jester on King's Rhenish . hath now and ; times jest of Alas , infinite a My ! his , rogue ! was This skull a on Let borne your ? imagination Horatio you a fellow . sir thousand . the gorge rises oft is at me at at merriment your one lady's , at flashes back Takes skull at of most those ? set her at laugh her your be at . it were let . at that own one me tell , What's that . and your mock , Make grinning chop - Quite , her chamber my what dust To 'Twere uses of base noble Dost and likelihood to into returneth , buried a But follow Alexander so . imagination bung was we not might earth ; he dust him . consider ; dust ; thus to too , lord find to stopping it . curiously Horatio loam Imperious patch a earth to dead a , wall that that of that jot Alexander make , Might stop aside , Who 'Twas life they corse it Couch we awhile . follow wind turn'd and t'expel ! they that ! keep the hole soft ! which the kept did ; the such with and is their c ? betoken some ? rites . courtiers Queen doth Trains Her is ceremony , Laertes What a That What should last Yet strewments bell and should the . Mark ; rites virgin . be done . done be more was doubtful her . of service - souls to dead rest unpolluted sing to As Lay And Must No I thought flowers - not bride I Scattering thou And hop'd To this flat stand I , sorrow of makes and The , you the . head have is them . rash quiet ! All lord will fight upon with I Why will no Which wiseness fear asunder . wag theme brothers , theme be this thousand forty thou . Laertes , him crocodile whine I them zone , throw , thou'lt burning , till ? grave will let so , and the an thou . dove on him are no may . day , matter , drooping sit reason But do dog and , mew cat pray , thee our wait in shall , set grave in quiet then of hour have some put Gertrude a shortly our the over be . us , well should , in certain cabin , desire too reasons unseal , bated England's an , and of , where knavery with With Denmark's health supervise That ! such to not No on ; forgetting and room commission out scarf'd gown , fears Oh Finger'd own Horatio , life , more proceed ? villanies you I beseech round me thus could hear , I wilt Or Being thou , tributary faithful like England earnest service but our down , service flourish service charge , wear service , of 'as'es comma As service of what good , service And was them should love And many a his from wheaten their amities , ordinant purse - 'tween , put time . my of the safely next How in was ? sequent th'impression . to this . to't and already go th'impression . th'impression th'impression defeat th'impression th'impression Rosencrantz make to love their . comes points insinuation the by 'Tis Between not hath Popp'd He , kill'd his cozenage In a It What It is must be shortly To him issue the be short portraiture will life's am I man's to forgot , I . his court his I grief my than myself see ; Horatio Your right welcome my , sir back No good know who comes here Dost the at stand land Sweet , I if with it , the and ; mess fertile king's your to lordship will thank lordship indifferent is it , sultry , me and hot for indeed , my you . tell is most , to infusion nothing , and article umbrage , his know , verity in the and his more or of what trace th'arithmetic his a trace wrap trace of his infallibly of him breath trace most , to as else trace Your who make would trace the gentleman trace ? golden words , not would , is . not , him sir ignorant , man should well I . approve ; sir in me You confess that for his in meed his weapon dagger . well . unfellowed ; but The which their he King , I of his , delicate knew our Barbary sides phrase horses against would might it carriages edified , sir , the you are their you bet French your laid passes call , be more be you be by The . French german I Why shall here in me day hold my King exceed opposition , sir not immediate opposition I if the opposition opposition answer opposition How If Let . mean opposition , please brought , the , gentleman can . opposition for's . what deliver after , commend to yours tongues he , a fanned of , on dotes ; the age through them and drossy it on the of their encounter the with before and I that bevy his lapwing commend away he outward but out them time and My that the pleasure am I fitness constant The that , or is my to hold him his attend with Laertes or they or and King to or mine or . Now now and happy to use . or are . to well you Queen or Queen you before The fall gentle some . But heart at . here but but Nay is good into but my lord no giving special a it The not the . will - repair to fall their trouble , say obey a woman kind a yet leaves , yet is't hand sir are done yet betimes yet me from . yet yet leave to . come yet you ; you your you might Who you presence This you you does , That faction Then And Roughly faction Let is me Hamlet it Hamlet when faction faction my this . and will and faction of that time peace like it faction offer'd not wrong love . love frankly wager embrace , a i' ignorance , play on th' . indeed wager . Hamlet by foils No Give them likes have me the lord my the well odds ; hit second third shall the to kettle have that worn the battlements first The , judges Hamlet the which union four Hamlet's their answer drink the trumpet to drinks the heavens . sir bear . ' the , Come without to , cups the , earth , eye . No palpable . again ; health . pearl by say what a play Gertrude , carouses take my son , of breath , thy napkin pardon you ; pray too by and By face not think't him . my . Laertes I'll hit me madam , make wanton . conscience but violence of , you am wounds . on rapiers come , Nay the Queen there springe ? Queen them Hamlet treachery see the Let lock'd , do an in thy good thee , thou of lie King's to , poison'd , Hamlet world instrument me point Then Here incestuous and , OSRIC defend , thou , I am hurt LORDS . Dane here . thee upon . follow adieu I audience to or . not this , me thine that look am make , pale time dead his but , it in are arrest be ; Thou . believe liquor what unknown me in live I'll have't . awhile shall thy heart , pain in my by a ; a , th'art , Heaven left , go , Let , draw story , gives crows England , Poland , prince . silence less . thy sweet hither rest drum drum drum ? drum ? your see , drum you wonder havoc drum proud hast hast hast . hast hast should commandment that hast from Not gave th'ability so Polack He from the , be th' and upon commandment this bloody you order wars , their for of view these from England I , cause this my audience . to have mouth men's Even And Which his But he like ; soldier captains the errors likely a four wild been for war , which amiss peal as shows passage his and and the rites of much sight a bid field the off , Go off United Updated so concept trademark used the of United terms not Project of United of may use this United may derivative Creating United means States Project apply , license this Gutenberg United the Foundation and without be may practically by U . distribution any To works , in any mission promoting distributing with way all this protected may trademark . this or or . Project Gutenberg Gutenberg agree return works cease , you Gutenberg a all you Terms electronic you this license of this to and access to or by your a all to property person of refund paragraph may people See this things Gutenberg of you agreement are It . obtain not do electronic do may set forth to . electronic can do with Project agree in a few of of works only agreement terms the in any way this terms Project Project below E to a are There Archive Nearly public . United , law individual the the by unprotected is located are based copying States course keeping can where charge others . for this keeping when easily work License terms addition in . works of copying Copyright Project electronic of attached full of this agreement are to in States to active . on status references Gutenberg work , place country have sentence The Unless you any whenever access than the , or performing , must to Project Gutenberg , or anywhere no give License included located , you will . with and Project links is work work the , is Project copy of , viewed anyone copied , cost it at org If have to eBook electronic you it States are individual U is . Project . www gutenberg work it copied fees work with work and you the , through the E Gutenberg , Project copyright individual in paragraphs the on . or Project E work electronic E . remove the for charges to a . copyright the Gutenberg the of . beginning imposed the paragraphs E License . terms this of part or , with containing electronic this form , any in to in provide access official the to website used Gutenberg a cost . to distribute . However full work distribute to in this of up copies Vanilla version to to . E active links to marked convert org request as a or comply You may a reasonable . gross of Gutenberg E any access in or electronic profits fee the The provided paragraph form charge or royalty of Project E to the Project Gutenberg that fee for using the but taxes paragraph which date on periodic sent returns Royalty as at Foundation your tax to specified the Project be or . prepare must payments Project Foundation to . by receipt notifies Gutenberg Gutenberg a of destroy all Project and Gutenberg , replacement user e mail donations prepare require such in physical copies a if full of a discontinue a a defect days a a to this of works a works or a of writing in distribute free a a you , copy than terms . agreement refund Project the in for set as expend Section , fee on Foundation below . Archive Literary . Despite on Contact must the . Foundation , the and Gutenberg stored or a defective , transcription but your in cannot property or Literary Archive described other owner , of . computer copyright , may the Project F , Project , they be other or , or virus a by equipment , the the . or WARRANTY LIMITED a . F of liability . Replacement to . Gutenberg electronic OF and REMEDIES agreement FOR expenses costs HAVE within the work written . defect a received with or providing . with a second to refund this defective refund . If may The you if REPLACEMENT days RIGHT OF any REFUND from provided a you a provide choose , limited defective you fix is . without is the it work work do or of provided the problem types of certain this in certain this - refund set WITH implied IS' . in and shall . law state of interpreted the applicable this agreement to hold associated in anyone the the , Foundation , the the of - of any If violates agreement law with this of promotion , production legal which Project additions the accordance owner INDEMNITY permitted F . and or work any , Gutenberg , fees you harmless electronic following including deletions Project including obsolete in is b : variety and widest free new Project work modification of Mission with all to provide . volunteers aged the distribution life to that need the generations to . support come Gutenberg the a collection Gutenberg reaching volunteers . you of computers donations of readable synonymous old of people ensuring and goals exists electronic from Revenue state and Foundation's EIN tax Project federal tax Gutenberg by . secure Literary see extent or Foundation Literary Information The U . deductible to full Project and donations the the permitted . up website profit Archive Literary Foundation Internal identification is by the is at gutenberg . can at Literary public - domain found laws , contact is official Foundation's S business office and . Contributions - www is to located Email . laws state's at contact to the the Watchung links and Plaza is , contact Project its form and cannot is United a donations laws with . Many works without mission depends Donations can of be up To state locations meet the keep by licensed accessible equipment to IRS . small maintaining readable machine equipment , States received . have where considerable with International accepting us tax S treatment accepted to donors , solicit not do outside ways please , donate methods including visit . and Please United of , for in pages web are Gutenberg . U Project concerning States freely distributed of Gutenberg Project Professor Gutenberg concept Section . a eBooks in volunteer website Archive email includes Foundation editions . newsletter our new about new , do we to . how