? there . the . to . upon Long Nay , answer You come He Barnardo ? For now And you had Have Not Well do my of watch meet mouse you rivals If , and Horatio them ! is haste there . night good , who hath Dane the to . good you Give . what piece A Horatio . has Horatio not says , belief 'tis let this He , 'twill and not to appear story . of , this westward from part of burns , Where When Had made now same yond Peace the figure to Horatio , Horatio wonder me with Mark like a ; spoke warlike Denmark buried time . Horatio to be would It Together march away charge speak speak thee . It See Is , not What think ! you more something will ! sensible ! and ? than ! now ! You tremble and pale not true might avouch this believe the at , watch ; my state knows task . watch that , cannon war sore haste : day to , Hamlet , last King , Norway pride valiant world esteem'd those heraldry seal'd of most by so . us ; inform can can appear'd Our all to competent return'd ; lands had , moiety , the compact , his conqueror a who and , design'd , and our is which appear well it But father lost us this preparations I take head it , but portentous : the in other no sort be armed and Well may I think it watch this source unto by our watch , those And of watch and haste this the Is Of So his terms watch by watch watch watch the our that so like , of mind's these fell Julius Rome blood streets the fire empire and tenantless gibber of the in sick the like and climatures the preceding to doomsday Neptune's and the fierce fates events the coming countrymen . demonstrated again where Lo blast , it me to good , any thee to there be art happily hast me Speak , If Extorted , at , spirits of say I Shall We it our And offer vain as wrong It For it his the or lofty started when , and to , about , then sea god of , day is fire And , object spirit probation made his air , believe part then birth that say our , The And Break , us and by my , to , with acquaint , we will speak seen life tonight . our fitting him this I most Voltemand , our dear it , To with far so That we contracted with in in be bear Though yet of Yet Laertes our and brow on with this , one nor and with a with ; him ourselves now our of funeral as better affair hath not Importing fail'd surrender of us of brother with with advantage of out brother's young , delight which late For you by a that to be late for and father to valiant late for Now most the much His Of late , this ; in we : proportions late all here , and late , purpose that greeting nephew's impotent further Who your dilated with duty commend articles Giving bearers The , more haste all heartily . duty . we what's it some What is't suit nothing doubt We that of You told speak , VOLTEMAND the . be my offer wouldst . show . will , and your now news ? asking the to to to Laertes France , return to my have , to came favour though show your I willingly confess of the Your leave I and bend to and And them in again France , done thy , father's must my now From seal'd hour give fair his Take now thy thy But cousin it ; and from wrung at slow — kind my me my him time to consent go thine ! my be petition spend do By will you Laertes I beseech at than so And , Ay know'st for not , is Why so not seems good cloak is . must thy father noble it Seems madam river of suits solemn forc'd of forms fruitful my customary windy nor the with For Together That can 'Tis Nor suspiration thee , be Nay actions . a truly within and your ; play suits duties nature Hamlet , eye , grief of shows , me the man that your , In impious a will unmanly , heaven for and bound , to persevere father a sense fault to and nature term father condolement 'Tis incorrect mind , vulgar in we heart fault till and dead the fathers the ? should what As against so corse We still that and be first to reason , As , Than that our us world bears , of his throne let the love desire : your in school to most beseech , comfort our ; ' , most absurd , think he who , for retrograde dearest which Do Is death of This throw to impart I with my best , mother . reply go back It And in chiefest thee lose a of unforc'd . accord in ; Denmark stay in Be , ourself gentle smiling This 'tis as Our Let pray to Sits No And the jocund But Re rouse the O speaking Thaw this that Or that too and 'gainst His That How ; fie the uses , that ; king loving was my much in nature this world this of O fix'd ! O ! two not to and beteem too ? remember I Must So to That if face he a me By But month , followed she tears all . that — longer ! father's Like Visit Let Niobe , beast , the the . such not , But She . but I to Hercules no Within most her even discourse married With — A with of to reason , month , sheets to hold my good : to ! Hail am Horatio to And , I to to to to you what And , hear truant would say even Good your that enemy good — my . own truster it yourself teach Against We'll you is , came to do I not was to I to drink ere your deep mock that I day father Horatio . bak'd . all look take him for yesternight like all again . till , ear admiration my your attent the witness This My Upon For an Season With Two Marcellus Been dead nights and at encounter'd point waste and let me of - pie night watch their the like figure Armed God's had , distill'd , made true in and good to , did kept more word the third night this upon hands where platform the was ? watch we ? But it to . methought , speak address yet it . did and , morning cock like then the vanish'd very . this tonight . it lord it , and my say , the sirs you you let indeed Both do watch but writ did live BARNARDO , From My Arm'd . troubles me , Arm'd , you What in or pale than beaver up . there . long hundred it BARNARDO might was beard Very MARCELLUS and . amaz'd have would very like I Not haste Stay'd no ; walk 'twill will I you will . tonight . hell person should hold me bid And was , Perchance it silver'd seen it . gape pray this hap but , and you 'twixt mine , duty to as in spirit foul , earth the still loves to : soul foul come ; sleep , you ? Hamlet a Forward A For But as the winds , favour toy , of the fashion , a suppliance . Hold violet , and perfume and , permanent the not , sweet minute but more No Think , For In , bulk inward withal service ; nature now of as no it thews Grows His greatness The he himself as for this says it he believe choice yielding your head therefore And Than It is As May the the he Then If Fear To , keep your weigh main saying in fits of Out it , the particular with his shot maid is rear it importunity or voice unmask The the and 'scapes chariest the before buttons dew in And Too Virtue And lose ear you list his songs , affection . desire near disclos'd of fear . most , heart way to libertine dalliance thorny not recks path and But pastors good of O . long like steep reckless , treads my double smiles blessing A Whilst a , stay double second There precepts memory my shoulder Aboard in thy thoughts Give . Be Look you But a is . Yet , thou And sits for . character any familiar wind thou , act gaudy . of apparel entrance But unto not dull thy new every each Costly And But Are of Neither borrowing : above dulls and proclaims not the they thy in This it canst : Most France most borrower not ; take , Ophelia go well . self nor oft And And Farewell blessing time Farewell What I have , of . lock'd memory keep to remember tend your ? key . Hamlet you to , yourself you and oft bounteous tell Give tenders your clearly up daughter , most been to he me private daughter told time audience as caution your of it As my — You What daughter Have yourself and so me I must daughter daughter green a circumstance you what , for yourself ta'en daughter , Which I daughter That Marry Do Affection ! Unsifted believe you do Running And hath With Ay it — thus , he may more Giving the , springes You Be of Even tongue light scanter in you suits unholy investments . given be believe dye vows a with mere his implorators their for this pious terms Breathing Than so much sanctified to beguile that . For tether In larger him he , time ; air eager very season twelve struck wont It it ? I The Wherein heard Keeps kettle and his the and takes his ? upspring Rhenish bray down native am is't though born than east and west observance nations , here other is a out , achievements From They And More to - I ; it , custom . particular nature they mole vicious in men attribute in of of our of of wherein , cannot o'ergrowth pales of manners the or birth their of Since of His of Being I be they Fortune's star pure of own as may man Nature's virtues particular own as general noble my Doth all that own Look To own own and a airs health of it , own spirit ministers own thou thee Angels of Thou , Say That As it you It beckons with Look if a with it no means it . action it itself do the it follow ? I . that fee a lord should life can pin's follow ? lord , cliff sea the thing Being waves if It it Or What , waves me . beneath to every of madness deprive place more Go You shall go lord my . follow hands shall Hold And Without not off still My cries . make I ! lets , him gentlemen . fate the petty hardy a — 'tis waxes I Something will . him thus with desperate not what To . it of . further . almost I'll , me go Nay , lead up to I When Mark is sulph'rous myself , ghost and lend shall to bound shalt hearing hear . night , their porpentine . list not fretful to combined start thy young spheres end on the particular unfold thy And Thy If thou unfold To of Are the foul purg'd unfold tell burnt and the a thy like and quills and blood eternal Like unfold from part , List blazon this upon stars up unfold two eyes locks unfold thy ever . hair didst unnatural and , foul his foul , know't to me May that the sweep meditation or I shouldst itself in Now the than on ease this in rots duller be revenge , I in the thee , sleeping so , thee find thoughts thee my ; apt thee Hamlet Lethe thee thou thee process thee ; me serpent Is Rankly thee Now wears his crown ! prophetic Mine incestuous wit , and gifts won falling was even his with that the lust . queen there was that the to and gifts it bed angel radiant a to though sate Will lust So But an of leperous as and swift such the with That hour Holds The hour And juice hour in thin And lazar my , blood hour hour With Upon And hour hour with with , off , made with thee bed pursu'st damned . not horrible incest with Denmark it head account . with my of leave well , heaven contrive with thy thou not With even my , Unhous'led No O all 'gins those And To And , heaven ? sinews O stiffly , you , And All That books from Yea In And shall Ay And the and and most , with pernicious . matter smiling Yes alone there ; live a be and be Now to heaven I set it me ' . are you villain one may tables O brain . Meet baser O is smile I uncle is there , least So , HORATIO . have I lord lord . secure lord my , my Within Within My my ! be ho it boy , Illo , ho So . my ! come ! Come Within is't news , it , ho by . heaven . it tell of you'll But then my . man ? once ? it secret be heaven an arrant my the . from us lord knave in villain a ne'er , ghost But he's more shall business shake hands hath — you as For every business without are circumstance go my own desire point and all : grave . we and whirling lord , I'll words for that , so And I are it , is wild . I'll heartily , you ; I'll but pray my I'll offend , heartily . is Touching know I'll you you For And , my offence I'll friends , And what that but offence much an honest and I'll as ghost , As by is It O'ermaster't your are What Never We have upon , indeed lord my Art fellow swear Cries under thou ha Come oath to my this ? stage the you Propose on Indeed , sword . already Swear hear ubique Swear Swear shift . there . have . the of this sword . sword this hither , gentlemen have heard sword my ground our et lay speak of hands Swear by again to this friends so . Horatio give it you upon that my Once is but a , before dreamt strange As or as How in as And There Than are I , Here perchance such disposition shall think — never , not help to gentlemen you to , note this need and , we if to you . O , in , Reynaldo these set I spite , born on , it let's go Before Marry Enquire very What And well , well Danskers , question , come expense and keep ; where in Look you it . Paris sir , more . nearer his , lord say you , ' mean ' ; forgeries As What Addicted But , sir , such him take wild , and known ; on so that most usual of lord , noted companions dishonour part well , I he be , marry my are Quarrelling , lord as That may put or My general good lord assault my my meaning : you outbreak should Wherefore in seem may That's You no Faith , not must they The not to incontinency ; quaintly . a faults , my of , know . son my i' guilty 'friend , or ; crimes prenominate this consequence be little , of in or phrase or Of the and country would sound you good ' , soil'd a , it a Mark the my sir Very ' , closes or then sir He According By , He mass in 'closes to What , consequence you 'I ay and does , the was leave ? I ' , say , o'ertook : house forth so a of you — rouse perchance or such , a gaming he Or There saw I or him do windlasses indirections , falsehood of and By With And saw at . out directions we by have me find See and day t'other ; you I . son carp wisdom with lecture yourself . inclination My So Shall you God . You let lord . his . in my . Ophelia I have name in chamber ? God , my With , lord Ungart'red his and shirt had knees sewing the in been the stockings to piteous comes of each foul'd unbrac'd , all so been thy horrors - was with head gyved , look a he love but , know What said for Mad speak As his , other , purport hell out And As last would little it draw head thus shaking of such stay'd mine and and held do He a seem his . did And he to hand the For to falls Come Whose is me doors o' seem'd And end , it head , his he so That waving me . King , heaven late ? of I . any ; given afflict I natures as lord repel . and command undertakings itself on without went he bended their violent go that but judgement , mad That it is fear'd heed did hard desperate him our any am sorry ! move might , close being to the love . we Our The Moreover to sort man be , himself thus it of both with you put hath inward What much of dream since cannot nor that death . to in , humour provoke I long did have sending need hasty Resembles nor . from so your young being , That than More Since So I And much To he whom And So Whether open'd you and to him our If and will will , hope . a so hath he , To expend more show your much adheres , time to For the the Than to pleasures your As Your both , you command the full , bent remembrance , you thanks our gentry us of , gentle freely more majesties Both Put by your And , We obey . dread Rosencrantz Thanks too bring son changed much make Heavens And helpful To , My our , amen Th'ambassadors Ay Hamlet I beseech and Thou my ? Have to lord duty God as Assure my , been Are and , my King , news of my the from father my I And cause the The — trail I hold very of first O My shall be do Thyself news Give do As hath do , do grace The do speak do do that ; great and all and , me is father's no our the son's that feast in . hath distemper bring , to them death we shall our what desires ? him sift from preparation nephew's our fair His , look'd Most That Was so ; was in against arrests obeys fee annual with your sends in , levies be But It hand more ; his arms in against herein , give Receives falsely borne sickness his Answer , It On Through it at dominions of are your regards and think upon us consider'd time down allowance , give an With That Meantime Go And thank Most , we your you for night this your home . feast - took . time time mad is define limbs night and brevity waste since but day Why go let matter with nothing to Your . be less use : pity art true foolish A I use at . but mad the no remains defect now for then will And of cause comes cause defective of say us grant swear More But but for . else 'tis 'tis mad , no — figure I , art 'tis 'tis true , Now — have whilst she is shall the most hear her beautified Perpend ? faithful ; Doubt an the Hath given me and , ill phrase phrase it to is machine me believe not , stars the be sun the Doubt ill dear am hath , lady by out fell , Ophelia evermore This And a of , I When But All hath man , do of you on love But , they time given to mine ear , the what think I think wing that , I . thy then I , thus I went round and star I , bespeak I , No ? you upon young my And I If I 'Lord must Hamlet I This lightness into Into Which he madness all we wherein for And a a repulsed , by weakness to tale into into , now and , short a 'tis think . make resort , fast he wail you may be It to , sadness thence , ''Tis otherwise know a have That I this hid centre , be otherwise four further it . me the me , me Within though if lead me he in he sometimes Here me indeed her fall'n If assistant reason me loose I'll does a me Mark time and from not you At Let be behind the behind behind I'll behind presently do look But behind keep We farm behind , behind comes , does Well you well Do Then my I would lord goes thousand picked one man . as not to't , dog a good kissing . far gone he Yet love , blessing is Conception conceive in And . gone that For What is to him , matter lord grey you down in't a set and , powerfully men old purging of like and his reason will my and humbly most prosperously so out is that , happiness of will I lord are suddenly My , withal You replies ! A meeting be delivered between of on take hits that life . except you well , God save you , Hamlet . Lord there ! most friends ! indifferent in we are Rosencrantz dear Happy As dear Good . My dear Fortune's dear we are not . dear . button dear , or the news we my . she ; but , my lord , my near my doomsday is . What Fortune my particular have But my my Then . most true is honest hither prison not world's true friends is good my a one ? lord , it a is nothing either prison good . worst , wards there my is too 'tis and narrow for a . king your bad of dreams . of shadow the makes it to so . a the bad the count is and my shadow a so of we . but will matter you of an in beaten friendship I with rest by outstretch'd it , I the GUILDENSTERN at no honest sort you . my you of , upon wait and you th' our shadows Then such the I . visit am I it own are in man dear lord my , dear , dear , enough dear confession But . dear of kind ever preserved dear love teach the you - dear , you must . my ; have for not our were could ? you If love you better , or our But let and even we were off , lord why charge have then Nay tell you To for no . of have , me custom all hold my heavily , majestical work and in piece this canopy roof with golden my , your mirth anticipation moult goes Queen no feather King so secrecy I late this no appears . in like an , world frame other firmament goodly excellent form . stuff not me' ? Lenten entertainment and , is in action like And delights smiling animals My hither from be the , the plays , Why shall clown and sigh lord think did if are make they my ; me How to they chances those it such you the inhibition profit their comes estimation by such residence city travel the such , players freely mind was such ? better , I was in the city such but there ? not are they Do pace such rusty the eyases clapped such These ; now on cry call them for't so they they hold most children I think Do it endeavour the stages keeps comes so and of are berattle rapiers children if if quality their means are they little afraid like most they , there aerie are of Who - common What , afterwards , bid ? grow they , the pursue sin the to has to do not at ; while my strange mouths make is would is something this than his that hundred . with you I me Let ceremony the are and than it out . Elsinore to . Your , You must , with too you and , Guildenstern , see is time twice yet out for the players . an hearer . man . indeed actor in morning child of a . his swaddling old so it tell Roscius Rome you . When . tragedy for my Then pastoral - pastoral heavy . liberty , nor , pastoral either historical , be the judge - scene too — ass actor , each came best , he which fair The daughter , my ? I love more daughter treasure Aside 'One Jephthah Nay me lord well . God , Why then not th' my follows , the first row all more , you by as lot , chanson and , pass , like you it wot to came O , of , welcome are thee last of are piece see . speak the it was in — as I I with as mine received of not the others million if as much , excellent the the were the one , and , very affectation savoury , remember in digested well , judgements whose play cunning matter . nor this speaks . by especially , begin It The chiefly rugged not line tale it But . general of loved 'Twas Aeneas' than . me , arms sable me , One sallets no handsome no in honest fine . Head to smear'd with whose complexion he the did couched his Pyrrhus so more he vile Bak'd lend he he blood he he Hath When With Now with To with With with That their With thus with grandsire finds whiff falls . wind to and in Greeks with arm command Unequal match'd wide sword , hideous where . he at his drives with and , with sword crash , with fell rage of . Then For lies His it falls ; matter , still the rack and nothing see speechless , anon dreadful stand storm flaming senseless Ilium , thunder orb Pyrrhus' the ; sets never And bowl Doth hush the him Priam ! away low Aroused on rend on On on , general the , a tale the . your ; on to on mobled 'The on That's queen' is come As He's or with head the on bawdry of Hecuba the had Fortune's themselves state saw barefoot bisson rheum Run good Where 'Gainst late With Who he where has well his colour , sport malicious her would treason have pronounc'd . her limbs then , time the of soon out well abstracts have a bad heaven — Good and more you turn'd . you they for ; well , I'll see speak no bestowed while report were , used death lord them , hear . in players them your bodikin 'scape them better will use . to own bounty . Take and them honour after desert , desert their every according them them your is sirs We'll Can lord need and insert down not I them my ? could for of could speech Murder . lord look friends , to welcome are Guildenstern till To dozen We'll or Follow . which you , lines sixteen But it not force from Good my Now . a and in soul That , Ay forms A to For him cue What ? and speech , with horrid , with the passion all visage of here , passion dream a whole And ? her Could Tears his voice in broken he he ear and the indeed free he for to Hecuba , What's should ? the guilty would for ? would mad And Make And damn'd calls the as me by to lungs ? th' face my lie does Who me blows and No , was made - John With Ha I am , Plucks As slave's treacherous Oh bawdy region for it take I make , what murder'd a I lecherous am of ! most brave hell This kindless , is unpack cursing Fie Foh drab with and my , heard , of sitting creatures Been , a like And the , son , Bloody , words dear a by revenge a - whore my About to upon't have at ! For That murder With mine him my he me than this the King grounds thing play's I'll with . The . me conscience Get him turbulent Grating And can of . be keeps to on him him will feels confess do When madness true we Of Did He Nor With and he But But a like a a of a Niggard a as of there And To We a To see most beseech'd ; me hear heart and it all my gentlemen To , give , closely , too Hamlet for sent leave lord , hither me delights further much so him purpose . th'affliction their ourselves Affront 'twere us my shall his be If't And , have myself , father so your , suffers by of bestow him , as he or unseen espials lawful that seeing . no is his : shall be shall so him Hamlet's Of And wildness good for That Ophelia bestow That To — show We prov'd And too much devil 'Tis Madam , it may I here . such of . will We smart Is I hear him coming heavy thing sugar with oft to devotion's blame true give with beautied 'tis too plastering my , lash a Aside cheek ugly deed to O . speech to burden is in Or by more arms them sleep to die sea , ache against be not or And To For that wish'd heir by nobler be The to flesh a and to say consummation to sleep , end shocks there's to , what : 'tis , of whips and man's wrong , the unworthy and the quietus his himself ? bodkin pangs oppressor's That grunt under death , bear bourn , delay spurns make life sweat of the ills we awry moment resolution not dread the makes to others returns undiscover'd No thus with native that pale cast of hue all Ophelia this enterprises does And With name my this in , action their of the regard o'er sicklied And the my . Soft thy . Good honour Nymph of . yours well , remembrances many sins , lord re receive well . a ? of , for I longed have to now I not long so for ; more of ; their . mind ? prove unkind noble breath sweet well I words to rich you , with And made Take lord ! ha My Ha , you lordship beauty . better will commerce of , to honest Could my lord ; to a beauty bawd was This proof , lord , you of the ; me relish more . me time beauty gives our old proud time earth , my them do none father ? Go fool nowhere the that heavens . him . ways to but to thy play Be calumny . dowry needs shalt thou thou , Or enough and what restore well enough , powers , no , and and . will the shall on't rest keep they o'erthrown , here To sword ! tongue , form are married me you make it , nickname to ; glass The Like form what with I seen T'have Now sweet that the of jangled and O of music his of me what for determination , his in something prevent speed sits on a tend that form way soul England to quick shall objects still shall thus puts , heart countries and seas With brains settled down have he of his This From You not . hold be let mother lord , do Hamlet , Ophelia said , be If conference , grief his show all him or . To send Your I'll wisdom in Let his if But plac'd Of tongue the town , I pray mouth use lines your for gently Nor many it shall best shall . must Madness speech the you my , you if - soul beget hand But and part have Herods . I smoothness most to , smoothness smoothness your noise a smoothness the smoothness and was , observance the Suit and now smoothness virtue is that but let your your Herod . the own for nothing fellow such capable of but inexplicable dumb shows It modesty , end for tutor this anything the age nature special , one unskilful . the to the playing her laugh Now whose image own to feature his though of having not so humanity made had accent of Christians and and bellowed that have made I . those altogether . for them reform'd have hope of Nature's , thought and neither , praise journeymen the play us sir no speak pitiful ready of of and . some some meantime set set to fool to , quantity that the now piece my , too . then be clowns there question that you most spectators of be a the play ambition ? sweet thou art , at as lord withal I . from good ; poor your lord service conversation ? knee thou election , choice thou her pomp those Fortune's And blessed are a me man that Give nothing been , wear him of this of passion's ay please well For suffers hast hear , for ta'en blood they what core Something I the of comes tonight thee is As I , uncle comment act father's my and co so she play it see'st . that in , thee the we itself mine Even are stop is a As It Vulcan's I For In mine we both him have , guilt occulted as heedful seen speech thy note face . judgements seeming steal prithee One Which have told , a his his . eyes stithy ghost If imaginations censure 'scape They Rosencrantz march detecting I , and others , place King cousin our , How the whilst Well are you Enter of : I Danish , with To you , Polonius , i' once accounted was mine faith , lord i' th' . Brutus enact ? promise , kill'd . kill capital a calf and Be , Hamlet and . you say and , th'university What my and lord That did and did I him players . killed the me and Capitol that mark more and in lie there your by ? attractive lap your upon No my , lord lord my I Ay , head , nothing , my lord thought only cheerfully my What 'tis maker ! Ay Nay jig - then there's Enter . a with , the a head , his and - lovingly protestation him lovingly neck asleep makes lovingly horse upon lovingly show churches horse , lovingly , it the three lovingly She lovingly seems Belike seems What the gifts The seems takes action exits Poisoner . seems her with with his accepts this players seems the , my seems of means the it mischief the . the counsel . tell this show keep the meant cannot it the you you . tragedy : what Be the to ashamed . the , the moon thirty And world dozen wash thirty Neptune's About But is again many our times times twelve thirties Tellus' cart state times sick ere so and moons and gone with Phoebus' ground times , orbed the hearts , borrow'd times did Hymen sun times our bands love journeys o'er times be your lord is siz'd , thee leave is love Where my is , functions this and haply Honour'd thou operant love Yet and , fear aught love my as little My proof my women's In Discomfort For what And Where Now , And , belov'd powers must grow the great one . there grows . my be . as behind shortly and world shalt treason rest fair leave kill kisses I time When think believe second the None second husband A Which but 'tis fall Of But , like unripe , the me but , bed speak you we validity forget . break : the tree ; strange , love prove fortunes yet , us our nor on , left lead makes , fortune advanc'd on of flies fortune ; slender . lament 'tis favourite mark or doth friend his else to change with shall a devices him seasons to his hollow fates their orderly thoughts But Our But And who not hitherto a wills to me wilt give prison day hope scope lord of . dead , our husband and , first overthrown so do ends no thou and are Our So think thoughts when thy is own light night and be joy and lasting be wife . heaven my of it from lock turn break fain with , she a and would cheer Each I , 'Tis , come rock , like much too , now it leave spirits deeply , grow between you her there offence Is in poison protests , Madam The Have , do done The Mousetrap ; call , the murder majesty . do jest you ? word . world th' but What ; jade , nephew King I , see puppets the . my if . love , dallying , to would husbands . Come my . agreeing murderer , Begin thy for , infected weeds else , thrice magic Thoughts With mixture cost keen you and . how collected creature fit wholesome , is He Gonzago's choice choice choice rises King choice frighted . choice choice deer while the hart the The , fortunes let sir must watch runs and Why a with me turn Turk , So O pajock — rhymed and have the This very thou one , here pound a for of the talk , my poisoning . some he music . not likes it , me vouchsafe like belike the Come music some I Come if , my in Ay No more richer his with sir , With , sir retirement ? choler . distempered marvellous rather , this plunge him . of great spirit hath If of mother's end I answer , commandment good please my are welcome not answer my your me shall . the of be your answer . pardon wholesome return the . mother , my , Sir my What diseased lord My My Make , speak trade shall to , were desires can make Then thus she more Therefore no obey still so I do the at My what is liberty your , sir Ay recover the How be , while , in you me Let well I lord not that as if you my bold too , pray My , the my O my if I as it know 'Tis But I touch . your finger and will . me ! stops the utterance you your , have You my mouth . of these as easy these I now , seem would sound it you ; you look , yet cannot and command cannot me ; be lord cloud the God play what note would the this though it Methinks the Do By It is is with , that's , you Call me me Queen 'tis yonder you see , My my I come I . so to by By and When Contagion I will and soul to cruel daggers of never words , her this let my drink . Now business as , day she but . England commission not range estate may lunacies Out shall us is . doth as of With Fix'd whose it summit it ; spirit the The all keep near Dies That itself lives Are Each Did you the we and GUILDENSTERN us his convey . this . liege , my o'erhear him myself to going My my It the To . more vantage upon And , And a where my as guilt . if strong business blood with serves brother's Whereto twofold ? heavens the sweet visage but we fall foul possess'd the still my what look ! murder murder I'll me I turn past pardon'd fault effects is Or wash in To And it ere down But ? O currents hand . law shuffling , and But 'tis there forehead we the by wicked the our rests What then free ! it repent not , faults so action lies compell'd ourselves death assay babe with the heart be may pat All sinews and , angels well new bosom to as black strings . be villain this he he now , it father do , my reveng'd kills his all take is he When , sword Or he fit , is heavy Then As hell , trip whereto soul that , has gaming , swearing heels goes may My damn'd at black goes . below goes go goes without Words words goes home to him with round him and goes And mother , warrant Mother him , me e'en here . Fear mother Hamlet , come tongue . wicked . thy what's my answer . much an much tongue question you father have , now how with Why Go , now me You you you those down . so so , can wife help help shall ? King , his — fool . down , braz'd for penetrable not Peace . of have your heart bulwark thou rude done is it , so an the that proof made takes That Such act of Makes marriage love the innocent contraction mass plucks compound Heaven's O . the a false The of this tristful With very from , what doom index the , in , and and ? this brow , command Mercury indeed : seal ear you to ? follows . for the it Ha : judgement the at , judgement what but ? upon waits - cannot on , And You hey Could , husband , wholesome this , motion madness ne'er it's sure sure not so of devil was't all sans without hoodman . thy , thrall'd would this What sight sense as be a hell shame canst thou so mope youth own fire as , shame wax the doth gives , true one bones will , speak Hamlet frost her in melt ardour in , Eyes Could To Since O Thou reason And there turn'st I see leave black to , to daggers sweet villain ; words Stew'd Nay , of sweat rank A slave cutpurse A These O like murderer A and precious A king shreds . would ! patches chide your gracious with o'er , of from That Do acting of ? by , go command your come time What guards not This . wings lets mad visitation Hamlet lady , with it is't with you vacancy discourse peep the , purpose mother fighting . her thy thy sits bodies to How , incorporal your spirits on soldiers air eye in Conceit weakest , her Speak Start Sprinkle him ! conjoin'd His Upon and at And the sleeping like patience your , And ? all yet there perchance action piteous Then ; see ; Nor you Do true want ? that nothing did Nothing all nothing tears you , look where Look the very coinage in steals ! his even nothing at look , there Why he pulse healthful utter'd matter , to soul ! of Is My This . brain ecstasy your , madness , madness . as And That I have and , test of which , your mining trespass your what's spread . fatness of , Virtue and for the past O the cleft my part worser woo curb away purer other heart hast . go night But the the ranker do them itself vice of Forgive avoid what is to good in it , do times bed this livery easy more abstinence shall on . Refrain of next The stamp a next the use or fair yet all , evil habits That Of put lend almost curb . Once , that can . kind , good out , it you more be , a the frock of bles'd nature same : good worse scourge and minister with For hath , this with must begins word be good well . kind , remains lady call your let this Or Pinch Let Make a in your essentially . fair a Who do secrecy , wise , a hide birds paddock queen 'Twere a but dear , in good am pair a with tempt you to him And For Such Let from you , the the life thou life . creep ape famous , so , I I the , if hast said to breathe concluded I , I Alack so and I letters I will They I them I his I , to 'Tis you that on way — I hard . knavery counsellor meet crafts moon petard and , directly room go knavery , sweet . knavery knavery knavery grave most knavery packing O below 'tis neighbour the . a most into draw Who most in , was , still foolish guts the lug I'll good Come ; these . understand ! I a little while ? These ? heaves Where Bestow , good place How . stir contend fit . rat cries and sea the 'A had , us O The in arras mightier , In hearing rapier It been liberty to shall yourself so It , His had Whips out Behind you To Alas have Should with But what and , so , whose let he , disease it ? mountains this skill ! touch ! vile majesty Ho you join excuse . with he , done and Guildenstern , hence , Gertrude sooner him no O both Friends But shall our ship further aid , him friends you what dragg'd , hath pray fair speak call , world's so haply wisest up we mean ! away . blank diameter , Hamlet , with my 'tis Compounded have What you Who Within ROSENCRANTZ and ! it ? noise What And to the Do counsel should , my of . it what Believe and for up the the do ape such that ; squeezing swallowed when , of glad . speech lord . be , the it ear foolish is mouthed , he his service again dry gleaned jaw in shall of , not with me my , is A , us understand sleeps The all ! I to not body the fox lord ! Hide and Bring . nothing How must not Deliberate This sudden sending so pause 'tis the never And him find the , bestow'd is body dead cannot How appliance at , Bring to him Bring pleasure lord he , lord , is But ! us of convocation certain A ? eaten we fat diet for maggots . is emperor end — for ourselves ? two Where is he . beggar to lean but Nothing but to Send . is . progress go your , find guts him the not not . there seek till stay . shall you th'other month , for and hast as , must send help bent hence thine — thyself wind is England everything . is ready , and England knew'st our . Hamlet For cherub . if mother mother with seal'd hence tonight aboard is . one Come ; for and . you is him my ; man have thee and sense , red not mayst to of hectic Hamlet . blood set , done , ne'er begun joys Till my that at raw at give may looks thy awe , aught , king ; Howe'er the conjuring letters By The For thou present Craves , a his greet the lord my . his , so of by Tell Captain And I would know in aught You . kingdom his Over duty know with eye . them Norway Poland pray are of How some part ? I sir of , a old to nephew Or it against We five rate , This Yes then it be will I but of ground . fee . and sir . straw peace ! this much humbly shows you , straight a my lord . against . and How If Be Sure good us dull occasions with chief and revenge A market feed with ? such large , of . Now whether , be , a in , find to Is , all Even And That When let Go That , their My for , to twenty trick blood thousand cause a plot , of , or bloody ? is to The of like a imminent slain the I Her She will importunate speak , will is be not she her What needs pitied she , Her . and of world , at hearers And as Spurns her carry enviously in beats says use hems ; there - Let spoken conjectures in my Each sick prologue true be unhappily , may them , she , nature great is is ? How Where spills full the , love mark . stone Alas , Larded Which With bewept sweet - to with showers love grave lord . flowers ! snow . her was a . know , upon father you ask they when : baker's pretty , you lady God daughter be your Lord , table what an oath maid a clothes his . more ! Charity fie they door Pretty without men Alack Young By she promis'd , come blame me , departed and So ha' not been . yonder my to to Ophelia Saint I'll if they , cannot . good counsel ground But coach good shall night my . deep ; good ; the is sorrows When they And , it weep of hope all to , But give , you ladies night , greenly beasts , Ophelia and thoughts have we most , spies author ; but done him fair people her remove gone and Polonius' mugger ; and her inter pictures come containing , not our his infect father's my Gives a to and nothing wonder is Without on Feeds the from herself are much in of dear piece O Like murdering , secret necessity , this is guard ? arraign Gertrude of my , Switzers is Let What Laertes flats with more impetuous head , haste his of list , lord begin but call riotous my the noise door . known it every be word ' , king Laertes trail , of and we ! applaud . king false you . dogs stand . the me bastard harlot brow — like unsmirched mother cause is rebellion Gertrude . divinity peep cause giant not hedge but such can his incens'd cause Acts little go thy There's That art thou Why cause cause cause treason is . man , Let That To for They Laertes know both is't draw death , the them world ? father my only for shall Who My far , will my all well foe , revenge arms blood now you a Will And his good friends , It That Why child most am I Like How thy , Burn By Till heat , heaven our Dear maid is't fine be , in is heavens scale out turn kind the up O dry sense the . nonny 'tis of . tear . persuade revenge ! my , stole master's ' . 'Down Hadst on could and down love , remembrance . for pray , thoughts o' here's some would say They Sundays rue must give you he . fitted ; pansies madness in document good end end . I father . for . end and end again bed . end again again come he will And end Go He is gone All His And And , thy end will No He beard all Do Laertes Or you choice commune and whom deny of shall And , touch'd hear They Our you Be find Make To content shall to satisfaction lend content with patience your — letters for me go let must that Let sir they speak in know They from not should . if thee , Sailors I greeted God please was him that am let some Reads days chase old to 'Horatio , th'ambassador sir , and't , two comes turn of like thieves ourselves when the in and bound There's a England to letters very of of boarded they knew their . warlike for overlooked They them we for shalt pirate slow . matter have I bore thine as have the course will death I did much . fellows tell thou . the . the will you give , that Guildenstern These wouldst fly England have to dealt too for : they bring your letters me To of you must you That It appears Sith by And Now he you Why were stirr'd . much unsinew'd , feats me reasons . strong perhaps , the , are for The and , might the love public star plague not The not spring his , Why That Would like but so yet to or moves looks they me you to But virtue the Convert not timber'd that my had I to faults their to , stone arrows a terms back into father them again , to affection to to . wind to again desperate noble come danger you to hear will my may age must with and flat think to . more not ourself teach will made of that . on praises a I have sister your let sleeps I , now And to hope , the ? shook be beard lord Majesty ; this them them them Queen your . saw Hamlet say hear . to your I know , thereunto shall leave asking shall Laertes kingdom What They Sailors mighty . set see you , return all Are ? mean this shall it in And live That the and diest . come heart , ' ' 'Naked character very advise you my , be you should thou a Can warms shall If it be So I at it not wind shall now peace own To call it uncharge shall choose ripe , and that breathe the but practice ? rul'd ; by be o'errule , Ay checking No will his mother shall If which exploit an As thine undertake his will But My lord And rather you be , work will I for The he death organ regard him of a your pluck since right could I might devise be falls it so . the have that not that did Wherein And been talk'd Hamlet's of sum from , becomes less Normandy his , no and Than is that , my siege With And I Come in beast of . wondrous So of Norman A That had to Had As the And they brave been and far demi his - what . Norman Lamord . defence you of such exercise rapier 'twould be most , brooch He . of well made And confession you he Your one Sir He you neither had If Sir If match Sir That Did could oppos'd swore Sir Sir Sir out was And There And that know I Not qualifies I Time of nothing goodness when we too would ; much and hands That quick you ? church i' th' your . home your on contriving , in the you , fame together chamber , remiss being ease your I'll sword anoint . of , you your , a Requite my dip a no mountebank for and so all bring double gave set a . foils shuffling a do't And Or generous on little Where Collected , mortal So Under With This bought the is it draws , but this simples for simples that purpose simples . can all , an simples blood that I , simples performance should slightly simples touch him this this simples bad , Soft second . Therefore might project that our , fail means both convenience what us fit If I ha't A So ! grows leaves , give , with his is shows tread . follow Your where ? in the , garlands did brook stream . her spread herself and they old sliver wide indued not lay drink her her it heavy muddy poor element she one incapable creature But , wretch , then drown'd thou Ophelia . custom But To , Alas of our say will be will . fain , are holds my lord these . would douts to give do , follow to this that a have Let The shame is woman How But this folly , his . Gertrude start . straight burial seeks crowner grave make finds herself cannot be act hear wittingly : argal , he , stands is to the and guilty him is the if , Argal . is But and good , Nay Here but that you shortens good , on't good good . say'st good world the out had good this o' this , law ? law buried should ha' truth the there countenance in , the Why He that Adam , Scripture to What that digg'd . thee . If that says art heathen that , understand not — that thousand that does outlives that frame , the To't church . or a . come again ; the faith - stronger or that a can To't . me tell than than about , this dull of doomsday . stoup till did love liquor , love at sings he my question thee 'a say mend will next , not , behove sense easiness hath the ? of of hath e'en 'Tis Custom had hath Hath But claw'd age in little him in the it made so , ground might lord . a Cain's sing could circumvent politician jawbone such steps his . been had . knave ? first How , might that a to chapless not now the which God my 'Good such - it dost one to had knocked and , meant , my Worm's cost play about spade , we the be to ; sheet - guest is for a and pickaxe and , a ache more on't think tenures the cases . be meet . and of him now his suffer , be his Is in's fine , fines purchases pair a breadth to , recoveries a quiddits There's , For not , fine of no . will of pate full his his of indentures ? dirt ? inheritor must ha my ; of fine ? Will , him , statutes Why with Hum his recognizances more fines and his box of this box recoveries box , The very box and the box - more of sheep made of box Whose , this assurance parchment my , Ay such , out , on't part my to do pit O You in't to the ? for lie , lie What quick For to neither sir dig thou man but ; in't dead . then I long How that our i' th' near How One us . undo that absolute age the grown is Who is sir , must picked Lord woman the the these his speak three hast thou — grave courtier , Ay not , was tell Cannot born How Hamlet was tell shall why young mad seen him can Every you that ? Why England or if he are there ; there mad say his e'en 'Twill strangely as mad he strangely he , Very strangely , if strangely here a he strangely . rotten Why strangely your with his hath sore he will or nine Here's while is a great , that How long be not , was Whose now tann'd — as we many some will another will last will keep the of decayer more and A Yorick's the flagon , that Alas . you was I rogue , of King's Rhenish was it on I . him abhorred now ? set wont gibes were , your be now let her that Quite . paint Prithee an chop your table that lips my those — th'earth i' fashion this looked o' . E'en to of to thus the whereto he dust so Alexander was ; dust that a beer But ; follow . they not we earth King . their the the kept the Here betoken they hand follow , wind away flaw wall ? to aside might the doth estate . aside aside awhile . What we life aside they own it The corse is Laertes aside . aside doubtful enlarg'd far , lodg'd thrown virgin her the bringing be burial bell strewments she should and , have Her but Till Her We profane her . th'earth the more Must sing peace flesh , her , souls unpolluted thee fair minist'ring What thought thy have been fair sweet the to have to have cursed most on ; sweet . sense woe that more earth mine , bed in a ingenious while . arms dead deed times O Fall , treble and have you a Of Conjures wand'ring emphasis whose Olympus whose or Pelion old flat dust Now hearers , wonder wounded Dane the stars is Bears . rash I them sorrow stand dangerous , throat well my ; hand Hamlet fear not ! All Gentlemen , Good thy wiseness me I Pluck Hamlet be upon wag ? forty ; their . my up Make , not my with longer brothers all Ophelia wilt forbear ! thyself : tear a eat ? eisel ? woul't us , ground , so mountains and grave whine crocodile to Nay , let come in till burning our an will as fit golden the wart pate of . him the female dove : couplets work patient sit you me . disclos'd . upon wait good But , you ever . mew you But But ; no , But our Horatio to the put This An Till But But Gertrude your night's shortly proceeding But other ; see ? lord it Remember , for much then in of quiet let circumstance lay should fighting I know Rashly let — that will our them again ; knavery several , health Denmark's ho on ! Importing That Finger'd packet room where I an fears commission to head , hear thou commission the wilt be the supervise stay read begun Devis'd new the a beseech with — wrote our as it sat , did . prologue play , fair ; but and it , service . to baseness I had I forget to It did Ay , his conjuration like them peace An As many That And on Without He As Why had even And such this in up gave't model in that my this this ordinant : day , this purse seal safely this the ; of Danish this it that signet father's writ Which , They 'Tis mighty to't this defeat to love man not are by near my fell . the ? business there upon my , from mine ; Horatio be England . come nature further interim issue The more sorry forgot cause , favours ; Denmark to Dost my , No back He , his , beasts of lord of the and land , his at for thank lordship humbly gracious ; beast 'tis a but I . his bonnet . diligence all use your thank , me I ; of for . Majesty leisure 'tis dirt be a let a possession lordship receive right with cold my cold very is sultry 'tis , head your it , lord my Methinks my believe very wind northerly indeed for it , my to remember , believe of mine very and . bade me this no him , you to , come be dizzy , of feelingly divide rareness to a his quick make would suffers definement in him who as to inventorially him him , Laertes for he article , his and him , semblable in But memory the verity more , would and yet to ? The to possible most the Sir will You ? of not sir ? another in understand imports tongue nomination the speaks wrap do't we do Why already Of you you did ; sir His empty yet me is you , words him in , faith Well what but he's his ? weapon weapon in his a , are well excellence sir ? on But well unfellowed in I not ; meed What's he , their delicate very girdle , to , has in which The King faith as imponed wager'd his six two That's with , six so him . the hilts , most poniards . very carriages the call the must are knew The phrase horses against carriages is imponed , assigns it twelve ? lordship passes call ? the him . nine you between for on , against it odd him , hits ? you e'en flourish your no are yours your , what . has on a , kind — himself turn suck'd and drossy the of to who bubbles are fanned , the Osric time know if King's , now all are whensoever the that the , Now as and . and or . coming entertainment . play to to wager my lord She me France , I wouldst not matter how continual , have . think been this . such now . not it yet to come will is't come leaves what it . to the - woman . kind I . fit a not special me ; you . from betimes is come . was , heard needs a have . you with sore must have proclaim Never Hamlet exception Laertes Laertes wrong'd and Laertes madness . Laertes thoughts the generous purpos'd poor that this in , the then of madness Laertes , is audience from Sir Laertes in hurt And far my I Whose That have satisfied case . my name ungor'd . But like it . wrong my offer'd till of known of my love my . play frankly on wager me my , freely and come And your brother's , a fiery And Give Come Laertes by this sir . indeed be skill I'll will off mock , them Stick young wager . Hamlet laid foils No in ; your Your You , hand ? Cousin side lord have . heavy too better'd . Very , the Grace it me , know my foils well since me . of give stoups answer third my another . all have table , or successive Give . speak me shall the first the the drink to of which throw , kings the ; hit battlements better exchange ordnance their he the the heavens sir lord In cannons the to , Come the to worn that let The to judges No One . a very , again hit my . hit Hamlet . me drink him bout . thine . is it ? cup set . this . you what . say confess . late by . dare my poison'd ; lord . I yet let , I lord me , wipe thy face . and By him cup . dally do me . Come do not . 'gainst . You . almost best neither in you at , them on they now Say Nothing you ? Come Hamlet Nay again are wounds Laertes incens'd come ho ! my , springe mine my own treachery it is there Queen ? dear . Hamlet . my I drink the , O The drink villany woodcock kill'd to own . lock'd : be door art hand practice lie , the to point Then rise itself to no more I can Hath Unbated and envenom'd . Lo Thy King turn'd OSRIC Treason The venom , hurt death , union ? thee . have't , Poland , in is this ? story thy felicity from gives England warlike with warlike I , die quite - o'er Now And flights . sing , cries is it ? drum the If This feast thou struck at O havoc many hast thine of That bloodily so toward is And on . dismal give too , us fulfill'd are . thanks come proud in ; eternal a late hearing is mouth for this you that jump gave on let came give High How Of carnal to be speak and th' placed , things me put , And Are Fall'n And Of deaths upshot judgements accidental here by . All forc'd cunning on Of And from I And , whose also doth invite on . happen , presently more mischance more will to voice same plots was For Which have me that Of let while his shall have this Becomes Take Go the soldiers' most Bear he , Exeunt To prov'd Speak The have the means not a and Foundation renamed copy and copying the be shot field , the bodies after . S copyright Terms Project for protect paying of trademark registered PROJECT and part will United distributing paying royalties a GUTENBERG following the these in Use creation . charge not trademark Project license purpose away research given and performances the you charge to license without , electronic be of be may eBooks of . the and for the eBook except to protected — is Redistribution using any , Project electronic to comply the free work the this or Full may the eBooks not with . law copyright of associated using do not to abide . all or works using , file this . all with agree of protect To , By . electronic by . the . the . destroy copyright of all agreement paid Gutenberg is the in . by you can bound any , intellectual from in way terms of a the be free if preserve . works electronic possession entity B . Project or without even . Gutenberg agreement and . electronic works . the in Archive domain in unprotected are an If in or is in owns a future paragraph Gutenberg to . we the United based mission Gutenberg , Project help electronic There are a . works Foundation and the Project The access Gutenberg Nearly by States , for can easily the not as keeping the we Of sharing agreement long of . work are this You the . public distributing work work of Project attached of terms you copyright your change country . in keeping with you in this displaying , works derivative downloading . Copyright based any . Foundation on to outside , the the of countries also govern are most United States , this no work you addition , in any or , Project : restrictions use no almost States under online laws you this work eBook check to electronic using If this re and cost included gutenberg License or the United most the is it eBook - have permission If . charges with the and . a any be can paying without the access that it posted to of does not comply phrase . is work E Additional . use or and . you are or . E , through the through Gutenberg Project or beginning this unlink not any Do work or active electronic E . up immediate the , terms . posted E . than to You , the ASCII a or copy provide , full Project other License form Gutenberg a Vanilla E unless you You . to E . obtaining . copy . not charge with distributing or paragraph a your . your each Archive days Gutenberg payments Gutenberg should Section You to the already agreed Literary following clearly Archive any works with , if defect refund notifies who user in a of days mail - of refund by or writing . all use copies License provide paid with work a If . forth Project . set E in comply wish not to identify . the from do Gutenberg forth . Literary Gutenberg . the as property , DISCLAIMER Foundation or . data cannot a works or medium LIMITED infringement but S . which , or computer paragraph , in described the OF REMEDIES , and of distributing party this costs . DAMAGES , other YOU . liability OR REPLACEMENT you , must entity provided you medium you the a fix may give received any you the if money work . to you electronically may you , limited opportunities is provided replacement 'AS not disclaimers the of to you right or any . warranties agreement unenforceability violates of the any agreement , and of agent or provisions this of volunteers of indirectly from and Project the and hold Foundation . indemnify with associated costs or , work Gutenberg alteration occur to cause work widest the synonymous the with free and , c Gutenberg and . Mission about Information in old the efforts of hundreds of by all and and ensuring Archive for available generations to come reaching life Project Project was for Project about critical to in electronic including and Foundation c of is . The Mississippi Information and Sections state Section educational Foundation's to to laws Plaza Gutenberg Literary org . to gutenberg at Foundation . and Archive Donations out survive mission can of website up contact Gutenberg widespread that by widest works its licensed without regulating exempt the small United keep a locations To takes meet to with . and compliance of from . org donors accepted for we . donations alone in are Donations S . Gutenberg treatment , to we offers unsolicited status We do , from with tax gratefully solicitation and cannot met donations concerning U . laws pages org originator electronic he years loose a the was About credit gutenberg and payments . United check and addresses . please , online www Project of . only forty with as . often eBooks eBooks a Gutenberg all often necessarily Most which . often S often U . editions often , facility to make often