! the Stand there Who's He . hour upon and ? yourself Long , live For 'Tis now this come to bed , bitter heart at guard quiet Have I them . the ground And liegemen Give hear The I If do , you of rivals I , who hath good reliev'd Holla Barnardo you O good . him Welcome A piece , of has , Barnardo , farewell What , seen have not dreaded to us this Horatio And will He With says sight belief take us . and appear assail have of , his Last star course bell it Had now all Barnardo night that's westward then . that burns dead that's Horatio to the Mark . Horatio it It like speak fear . and It that with that fair the Most In sometimes See , It march which What art usurp'st majesty it offended . speak speak thee I stalks ! away . than ! fantasy God Is How ! not What this gone ! think now ! Before Thus at our . armour very th'ambitious he was twice , and hath he thought and gone before bodes Good and mart such toils same some , And And Why now the Does such impress this This night be the is't Who At the joint that whisper foreign of , so of pride Norway , King haste the ? That even but Dar'd Whose make now you , least , with life , inheritance ; as article sir hot full young , cov'nant , him compact ; lands , return'd same design'd , Now mettle skirts stomach diet , which is in't ; well up the in Shark'd For food doth compulsatory of appear unto strong state other resolutes And Fortinbras , of our by To been carriage vanquisher the , the wars King chief the preparations I father this - it through sort that and armed watch , e'en these this but of post of think Is So I Did As graves the dews and fire in and ; trains gibber and A the to other no question like portentous mind's state and palmy Julius sheeted streets empire the stood little was most ere the mightiest ; together omen doomsday Neptune's squeak is Disasters and climatures use fierce of events , demonstrated still the earth and where . to Stay comes of . countrymen our ! sound , harbingers of fate thy hast happily thou , thou Which art privy me and . country's avoid Speak to , thou But I'll it , any blast it thing to speak uphoarded , at Stop strike it speak foreknowing speak , life walk speak ! speak , earth and say in you Stay my with , speak , speak death it Speak , Extorted treasure speak , it speak Shall here I here Do here a it here started was here We For it fearful that his here of our the object And fire day and shrill at confine in with sea cock The Doth Some The nights The And It I So faded is Wherein on that Saviour's ever crowing . fairy heard , witch hallow'd takes are they singeth , the Break But the up ; my . strike power gracious nor then planets ; mantle clad hill know this morning our , Voltemand Lords Hamlet dear find pray needful we , him most and ; of that our grief in of Laertes I conveniently . befitted , him nature state defeated dropping warlike this with auspicious one With Therefore we far wisest our think remembrance , barr'd freely we dirge eye a and dole marriage , gone queen . our , one and weighing ; affair nor with ourselves on sorrow and . advantage of those and of message lands , for brother with of dear our Fortinbras thanks For supposal disjoint pester So us Now Now Thus this his bed , Holding To our most uncle time for this with surrender fail'd for father the . we all of Fortinbras , and : and gait much impotent Of Who To business For , doubt it all ; Farewell In The of good of no more old to further , You bearers this , things Giving these the to Of We CORNELIUS : will VOLTEMAND articles dilated your . you our we And That The the more not not head What leave offer To show offer You told us of speak is duty , that coronation offer , pardon toward your again willingly my lord offer I confess my though and Dread of instrumental more my offer to thy , to the Laertes return duty done offer , to offer Denmark France says slow Polonius at me from hard to bend leave last leave . go consent , bend . thine it Laertes graces thy bend — my ? leave wishes leave bend bend my wrung father's ; bend , the , will son ? sun off . you I lord not Do thy know'st , Passing And Not Aside Seek is , eye eternity must lives , Denmark dust mother black , lids vailed thy die , thee not seems , the of , eye seem , woe to father you they can with Nor , But In In 'Tis I that trappings commendable , your For But These and the give but show of , suits nature lost know must To An , the most fathers , dead of mind a any we most understanding it against heart the be , note , hath still that the let for the a the To As For should 'This to reason a fault pray impart And woe and and , absurd who so most our and cousin eye , to you remain and Wittenberg madam our to comfort in desire our bend of : of accord a you , reply obey prayers . Hamlet shall clouds Come drinks . whereof , today . fair best Madam the that . and ; flesh would ! God ! world of . slaughter , uses , O not fix'd O 'tis this ! bruit ! unprofitable unweeded come solid to cannon great the But rouse speaking dew away and flat the ! should so much this not ! to ; king dead two Hyperion excellent , to months Possess But His That Seem . it an and my heaven mother — name shoes , of reason , old thy , would hang grown a month and , even and him winds the loving , those poor wants my discourse with and is body uncle my a , to , she — and father's Why but longer father's and O which she beast ; Hercules of her incestuous hold to sheets and like mine she — ere tears . that , followed O dexterity to wicked , Hail I Within mourn'd My Would Had my , that my poor my lord , myself forget servant name And or , you well ? you ever sir . Wittenberg Good , Wittenberg — Horatio , make your make yourself teach Against you . it would To what I We'll My I it was lord , do prithee I ! The . bak'd my forth had , it , Horatio met coldly thrift my had dearest hard upon funeral marriage I I seen day in foe , Horatio . wedding goodly Thrift Would Did , that my my , all yesternight look his like my upon for him again a my see methinks was Horatio eye , my my . my ! This marvel to you ear till these Who ? my King The With an attent me their the night , and on gentlemen , walk'd distill'd , solemn act fear the whilst of with truncheon's at point oppress'd his slow before stately dumb to Stand Almost with In And Where By as thing speak had impart ; their Goes and jelly and of Been thus with - pie , to , march , they not . they secrecy third was the where this like ? it ? the me time did knew we ; I speak upon hands These And But even sound vanish'd from morning head : and once , none as cock in . yet it speak ; lord strange . duty in . true loud crew our sight address would shrunk me troubles . our 'tis down of this tonight . lord my ? BARNARDO not , A countenance yes , From , his anger very And or constantly pale Nay his eyes or , What I . or you had much very have or hundred long it haste like might tell . BARNARDO or or It Longer , I tonight , person itself father's hell noble walk . conceal'd I pray all in And Let requite your I'll loves . understanding else shall 'twixt visit you eleven Upon the your though , should ; you it whatsoever tenable hitherto , it hold have an will I Give loves My Till I doubt spirit my earth play soul to duty in foul father's all necessaries Though , and that you sleep . Farewell give minute primy favour trifling toy . fashion , In he weigh'd soil his now Perhaps of thews wide withal bulk nature No For and for unvalu'd will . service Think as does crescent will , and inward nor the not loves he mind besmirch you subject on to he be and place believe no wisdom your Carve For Whereof Than give Then weigh main saying voice loss list of his state body further , you he is withal sustain it circumscrib'd that says honour may to far ; loves . open dear of ear you your act particular deed , prodigal your my . youth of the fear near . lesson brother this though safety are and be strokes the infants lies But . as to watchman Show As Youth itself Contagious in oft itself And blastments pastors heaven , of and ungracious and puff'd libertine , to my of And recks not a like the , And you for Laertes blessing upon . double grace shame for Aboard the in smiles I wind And character . Give precepts stay'd these double The Occasion A are Look thou not hatch'd thy sits ? aboard , no sail , unproportion'd thou , by thy thought Of For Costly of Give that to - Of Take But man thine ear but thy man's express'd France must it This For all borrowing : not blessing ; Ophelia , and , my Farewell What , follow : to thine the season invites I take do And time is't shall my you . you Lord bethought and and free ; most hath to do What between you ? Give clearly bounteous you so and must tell truth honour made the . me on you , put 'tis , yourself . me tenders . like circumstance many so . call should what , you my not do Do ! Pooh Unsifted you lord have teach I the , Ay I'll not thus you fashion — And , woodcocks , extinct a From , young he Lord higher , they few walk brokers Ophelia , are their which his for , that tether is a parley larger . at for take scanter in dye mere of Do Than As to give words , Breathing not But The would better plain slander you so I talk and he him bawds : all this moment with any leisure . Hamlet . very cold . an is air ways the my charge lord . your . hour think is a bites and shrewdly It air The it it No struck to ; bray trumpet draughts the his spirit does wassail as The , am it than heavy the the honour'd traduc'd and and east other of revel , indeed west our pith marrow ; our . is't marry Ay my Is born the is observance nations phrase , not particular our of cannot in are in men , reason ; o'erleavens much , wherein they forts complexion his some too at chances oft The From So for addition of of mole of perform'd choose and pales habit plausive the manners livery His Doth virtues Shall lord that else Being man form , I say man one stamp ; that of man the From Carrying man Nature's Look my it charitable man , shape from hell , man . Be I man will canoniz'd their not thy man ; the in com'st speak , That wicked To wicked Have Wherein dead wicked cast Why wicked horridly up his op'd Thou father wicked wicked , royal bones What and but in marble , jaws our the again glimpses corse , and we fools What should our ? we it , nature do ? To will not not should do for a soul by a fear . pin's do . the summit o'er his again I'll deprive there And Which And That draw The It What it tempt to , place into That might more And waves , still your hands . my not , lord , My fate ; I each out in follow on Go a call'd me that . off Hold You shall . me . artery with thus this come ? Denmark obey . lets gentlemen . ghost make , say heaven away follow He ; Have Let's will direct state it rotten , lead will let's thou to Alas up tormenting . serious thy lend ghost . hear poor and When hour is sulph'rous almost me not but art thou for the burnt Are tell up Thy thy knotted eyes quills and stand , their that days fires , of , fast my - I on part house young porpentine ! most ! murder it ; the in Revenge , is unnatural and , Murder and foul most this most his foul , unnatural as swift wings love wharf orchard Now Lethe the ; revenge of weed hear . know't meditation , the to find shouldst I sweep , Denmark life my whole my , youth ! gifts process ; so a Is The serpent abus'd to Hamlet With O So wit of , crown prophetic — adulterate with gifts that , won — seduce , hand wretch her lewdness . in virtue went me wicked Ay The will what a hand that vow , was off - was gifts were of , itself it me let Brief on The such on on on ; on , on mine milk a by with vigour it whose ears a stole thy hebenon my uncle distilment quicksilver a I even , of off No reckoning hast crown was Thus And with a curd thin And The and most instant brother's my my account . blossoms , sleeping , O nature O Let the , smooth disappointed in ; of horrible ! pursu'st nor , thou once , Denmark act thy let sting - The And Against thy A not howsoever ; thee lodge , not it her luxury at heaven this bed in the and incest mind to But thy those Taint prick , poor , you But Yea , all And And Adieu you couple my stiffly bear host shall O saws of wipe Ay distracted the all observation , table all of my shall there records ? word Denmark remember . it . least Within My tables villain , smile may one . 'Adieu Within Lord It is Within Heaven Lord MARCELLUS . Lord . Lord be . it , O What Lord Lord How No , reveal , Hillo is't lord my , lord heaven lord ? once But HORATIO and you'll . MARCELLUS would heaven of my ? all . Ay Nor lord , I How you then , secret , villain dwelling in by lord tell us from all , part you part , come and at circumstance . poor desire the — point hands shake and hath and I'll and Horatio you me here tell what Touching vision us , good friends . let know ghost . sorry offend , There's heartily this . Give are you one . We . I , Nay known what my , I , my my My Nor my upon stage ? Consent Indeed Cries , my sword , Propose , on the hear you to Come Ha , et Hic And Beneath Never , we'll by my Swear Then . hither Come ubique said Than are There And are strange or odd think help philosophy never in in as night but heaven I O dreamt things old Well A day and more Here How As Or know' 'Well 'If speak' pronouncing thus of , before doubtful to might' would' , to . meet you , gentlemen help , they shall we your you is So as to , your not your man . me friending Let O joint your of ever And your your is your what May willing rest your Rest your That do my , lack fingers come and I do Hamlet , in Reynaldo . him will marvellous his I said Look in are intend it Paris . sir ; they , this mark do his distant father , well son you may say son , touch come demands very , son ; ' mean ' , very son heed there usual slips rank so of son , take put so him dishonour you son and he's him son 'not lord my , may are As sir , To youth , Quarrelling That's You Faith , Wherefore Ay lord this ? lord unreclaimed should Of in a fiery mind ; my , do . you And laying a 'twere You I Having in ; phrase country or you with to Of As The 'Good — And He the then about something , I ? ' — addition lord does consequence . and t'other know , day , and ay , say perchance marry . in What , the there such o'ertook or house a so : and saw I There falling do of brothel him with or 'closes At closes At with He 'friend Or saw enter of this . sale' ; you , as , wi' My God b' Good Observe his my . not have , you , lord ply , the . Farewell , music . so I have what's , lord , foul'd , other chamber . affrighted God my all stockings piteous knees gyved his doublet sewing , each purport hell . it me love do I fear , ankle knocking out of in , know do He took goes it me thrice it did a his his little such length o'er he of all his shoulder shatter find his rais'd , draw his would — to to Long of hand shaking perusal the he with And falls stay'd mine , so up he light . heaven late undertakings itself of ecstasy the oft with the went their without without eyes , go desperate passion is given good did repel made mad That him to . trifle with access him will lord his better he and judgement words I hard am any ? of letters did beshrew heed hath His him . me . is as proper fear'd to our the , utter much we that And To Our Of Moreover This lack , known grief ; nor . it father's from More than So I Welcome The your our you put , humour entreat . to , Resembles to whom more adheres Good to That to As to To to And sure I gentlemen , aught Whether here Might To be To We Than And our service gentle feet , command sovereign pleasures your power you . more , into entreaty ourselves freely and Guildenstern , lay Thanks changed beseech and , these And My much And and Go instantly Thanks I presence gentle where Hamlet , our helpful gentlemen son you presence make presence , news good presence I to as my of presence . amen , Ay Are presence the , joyfully lord my my think not of us'd The , of speak I to cause that ; th'ambassadors long I that gracious good soul God the to grace the be do shall He tells me them admittance do to bring great . found — news Well , shall but that our from , brother desires . and out he of what my and no all found him the o'erhasty good death other our is On Was That look'd But was Fortinbras against your Majesty , fee shown in brief out arrests fine and of thousand commission before old rebuke from th'assay Norway , vow him as entreaty please for safety ; consider'd of herein allowance pass annual the , to those Polack : quiet , down set think and , our It more well , to Meantime Go we your Why nothing day , waste night , liege be madam business My tediousness since This day the But I pity , 'tis remains And then will defect , this of use A for grant , this remains say we let farewell 'tis , I is But Mad mad That my , Hath daughter the mine . Ophelia vile a . phrase and this a I madam phrase Came the will . phrase idol , the ; shall and surmise and , an Ophelia That's the celestial ill evermore , thee But dear Thine Good am love most . they hath how As think time , hath obedience All out she , hath by And in you and of ? might me , wing might you on love his you think , work , book , bespeak I then thus I went round : to - a , her gave precepts of , to tokens I resort no tale a this into a advice he think we wherein — took messengers should she That been I Do all lightness watch , wail you the madness and , a to a sadness thence for . that it And very . raves now 'tis ''Tis ? know indeed that were try we sometimes he the this this me , though , is this How indeed does behind an arras then state . it further ? hours . lobby walks four love her , try for he not farm assistant reason to him a carters not thereon . O where Away I'll my Well are . so . my Honest lord a ? honest to honest as sir breed in carrion a daughter — dog ? true goes , a maggots , a a . blessing to't a . extremity read very , Yet he gone my ; a for love words a Still suffered much He . lord a ? you have men grey amber lord am . madness yourself you potently , I faces For ; gum . their that are hold All that ; sir should I be air ? my delivered the that prosperously the not lord honourable could are sanity You , sir My , that Indeed is out happiness A my except anything him of daughter lord , leave my I will more part my he there to God the You Rosencrantz ! lads indifferent How we As Happy we Neither her about On the the None near But lord , Nor in waist of . have doomsday , Then your a one many prison lord . the are , infinite , indeed , dreams is dreams myself your mind a . the of or very a shadow the shadow's shadow light a and shadow dream have bad and count king substance . a so upon ? our but and , bodies a merely are of itself dream ambition hold court with am of attended servants my dreadfully you And . I ; visitation you , sent not ? thank Were . lord a ; it my , you visit To you . that speak such am , an beaten like to are inclining . me own thanks in am with my poor dear a ? to your good and Queen ? ever teach me must you to by . colour fellowship you withal for and confession But anything , enough kind of consonancy of what no or more youth direct But , the whether , be , love , I why lord My so and not Queen it seems with you me goes , fire with , pestilent a golden and in , disposition all of have discovery custom action in what , to , so , express how foul a this congregation why it this neither nor me and : to no my delights thoughts . in seem yet how , like you you coming shall . offer you them , such was your delights . And you me I no by , if from they adventurous the players my hither are those shall Even were mind make king laugh shall foil end his are , profit they for't say , be freely the use the wont chances freely Do freely they freely freely same indeed freely Do comes in keeps their I inhibition was Their residence , estimation by innovation . the of ? it pace that wonted ? are them scarce thither say as players — Will — the of question and , that These they maintains - call on the than better — own ; to There a player and Is't cuffs nation no holds ? common their do they they escoted not is . too of sides . do the has throwing the was . question ? possible load . give in little twenty , philosophy , find The you entertainment which I tell , and those . deceived is . a from hawk . of you are the to extent , lest should , lord the wind handsaw be too with north baby mad but you second , he's the see there yet them to , of his for a , out they is morning have for a lord , news have I lord , The , judge of a treasure , writ - the best comical cannot of pastoral Seneca . unlimited and . nor Plautus are light , for ! only hadst lord had — he he - too heavy men he . well right he , me call he he 'One Jephthah he then Why As , lot , th' , old . For look valanc'd lord my follows ? see face I comes . by chanson to then and came It The first row ! all welcome by . altitude lady not be , thou Com'st By'r the speech gold uncurrent , last are of mistress last see . speak Come . of a chopine . the falconers give but — set no method that the much — mine of I or and , never received as remember was million others as make the thereabout live in your : of in wholesome as to — me let , Pyrrhus , it it indite modesty an as sallets and , horse more dismal gules total as The Hath fathers blood Now With his Pyrrhus so is rugged Black When he dread and complexion , light , Pyrrhus gore a parching daughters , sons trick'd to mothers couched is of Bak'd To With With God And eyes to arm command drives Stoops But with father . blow . declining lo with this his prisoner reverend to base , seem'd a Priam was Of in we as Pyrrhus' the speechless But silence Doth like painted to , sets did Pyrrhus' on the With remorse armour Mars's out thou synod Now hush the , falls strumpet Fortune forg'd than , bowl the , low round beard Prithee gods . on heaven of . he say a 'The ! Hecuba flames . A rheum diadem lank About With . A upon the down and A clout bisson In instant A — then , A head that A would tongue all and state gods with Pyrrhus in stood A of with , Fortune's But A Unless Who this did see husband's made burst sword her them clamour make that she malicious limbs , their the , soon you . use will you you were abstracts bestowed you turn'd I'll you used , well ; report better a his your them ? colour out the more speak brief ill and . of Take man honour bounty We'll hear their and Murder The . speech a , hear thou Dost whipping , is them We'll ha't To Very Ay you which , lines well , so night and Ay force fiction monstrous that this dream his in's his so a slave am of own A That from his not a rogue working ? all whole distraction visage function , Hecuba all . alone ! passion What and conceit to weep her , should Had I cleave mad the guilty the general ear , indeed stage , do he ? wan'd eyes in What's voice to the Hecuba drown with , he and a A for him or cue the the ? have ignorant - unpregnant ears amaze appal and and eyes Am blows Who , deep by off beard , lungs - pigeon nose I am to the Plucks Like dreams , not No property defeat my gives ? does liver'd all Bloody I But To With Remorseless , ass ! bawdy th' ? region murder'd words , with heart and hell very a like of I dear brave most kindless this is , father , drab Foh have scene a heard , I sitting cunning very scullion vengeance malefactions looks , speak that the their have it proclaim'd to cursing to my , the my ! unpack my , players ; seen presently . will I he If . my , melancholy spirits the King the . course the than relative Abuses With Grating him why no he harshly so lunacy dangerous Get But Nor do from He does confess him crafty But like gentleman ? well state to you receive keeps sounded . disposition a Most question , forcing of with Niggard But he , of , certain kind already joy a , to they Of ; beseech'd he This , it think They . matter . it see him gentlemen his purpose so Majesties have , doth the entreat true most your much . behav'd frankly , myself , Gertrude For We give my Hamlet may 'twere Affront bestow may gather be th'affliction he , thus shall , you do I . wish , again virtues . cause happy , for or espials , that lawful . his him of ourselves their We by as is love no I him : your your To Will good shall it so Read colour devotion's o'er , visage this , book in with do himself 'tis O much too loneliness bestow walk show 'Tis smart Aside , ugly to to . ourselves . We The we sugar with thing most withdraw ! the my action prov'd — speech devil And harlot's more O lord . suffer to sleep , say in arrows and ache flesh That The No opposing end by to . wish'd , To heir be to And Or arms mind fortune troubles rub come , outrageous sea die to there's dreams what off pause , The The sleep For that we in sweat pangs oppressor's For a When have bear of dispriz'd , the , the might Who dread the bare who himself merit unworthy the a something others returns we cowards hue pale of regard great now , awry thought we not us Soft in my honour fair Than us make remember'd , humbly ; day a sins ! you turn lord of action orisons this With The name Be , longed , now them deliver , yours of remembrances to I . right aught ; prove fair you ? My be honest fair ? translate from beauty transform with sooner your your honesty to beauty have , lordship commerce . beauty , of beauty better force the power did I sometime honesty now time made virtue I ? you so you . loved . breeder . them I of to he my , him upon , should such with had yet offences more be me not ; my , honest better , What revengeful thoughts them to give . enough if thou ! fool of him quickly monsters . needs dowry heavens . may that house Farewell for thy you make them . given you but nunnery all I and ! not shalt thou marry hath ; it as keep mind your are of the quite , mould fair eye they , here rose and and on't The Th'observ'd Like sweet that and and with what Blasted That Now That seen unmatch'd bells . seen do that ? he His Love what Nor T'have like I spake Was Thus it I I O'er not And have danger . his not Will sits determination speed neglected shall he and countries be This Haply You heard it not neglected shall something the With the set It The if from and But commencement now Lord his expel shall , commencement you believe ear commencement commencement . commencement not . unwatch'd commencement , please round alone , commencement lord My queen grief their all To show his plac'd ; her be him . go where find , she shall conference him players it pronounced gently as many ; air I had a tear very , to it passion to offends the you , of do me . Termagant and , who It must . special this your discretion own . avoid for you action nature up ; to shows dumb groundlings . be with tutor , end the must have speak that not highly there which unskilful . laugh Christians players the man of her scorn others . form make the the of others praise having journeymen they neither nor Nature's we , censure it . For them And reform'd imitated have humanity have O some , that — have a , though theatre pagan profanely have seen o'erweigh have have , made have us that the of question have and . lord ready to play will no . haste presently ? them . of Go shows make uses that fool Here the players help to and ROSENCRANTZ you We my dear cop'd withal . flatter lord a , thee thy ? I from ; I think my art e'en should Why tongue pregnant mistress soul dear thrift let That No feed To in could may the fawning seal'd And Where Hath one , thee all blessed are and hinges absurd of . candied revenue the knee election crook no and clothe for And As my follow distinguish suffering of Since ta'en with what is As Which One my That sound they are not she Something thee , comes that comment his in very one speech , guilt If mine Even , when is that , my the too . a in , act of . damned my will him ghost unkennel see'st uncle , Observe prithee , I imaginations itself of near father's a soul thy with ; rivet the 'scape to detecting aught And As Vulcan's we , note heedful are to lord will . must I a King . idle pay . play the Hamlet others Enter , Get play . How A are And he dish feed fares promise Excellent coming march , the and ; answer crammed i' - our ; faith of cannot : I not , are words capons so good , play'd you My . To . and , accounted a enact say was was I mother here's Hamlet your . shall lord To the , part him ready players No , good my lord head upon lord ? mean ho King Ay , No I lie between , fair nothing . lord . think thought That's I think Do . maids' two . I , Ay cheerfully how ! Nay 'tis devil , should two wear months die the man's must , months ago churches memory then , Nay and Enter heavens a by'r sables ? the her She , kneels a horse show upon asleep leaves neck of hobby and . it three Anon comes King's and , Mutes dead unto , a year suffer But Then have forgotten 'For ' epitaph is - her very - may outlive his life shall O and he bank a He and , The in makes ears takes a passionate again in in him , pours finds Lays makes declines The The the woos takes , and . his seeing returns with Queen seeming off lament with , his accepts Belike this argument mischief ? show keep cannot show to ashamed you means mark our they'll ; counsel meant naught not . naught it : you us beg your to for not are show naught are tell him . what the naught patiently your Here a stooping or , lord naught round , thirties times 'Tis this naught naught woman's love . did . moon state , holds my quantity nothing of been sun sick distrust . done be so lord is great grow great , Yet , you from women's my what as Now That far us So me , again Make is distrust I woe hath , belov'd their thee the love functions For operant , must fears shalt my love Discomfort For And Where , or in proof siz'd love fear fear . one — first in . shortly are wormwood wed Faith And My and husband this fair world as rest be my the but husband needs the confound let be accurst of . speak bed love husband kisses you do birth determine what oft break , debt forget 'tis when sticks . the tree ourselves we propose . the Where Grief To now passion own joy ending ourselves ourselves fall violent fruit unshaken what What unripe , poor to , like , we either or yet else advanc'd , you tend fortune our nor doth themselves grief lose is destroy . lament . 'tis ; a fortune us aye purpose doth , most his on doth aye should with prove love , aye try . aye not friends to in hitherto a aye But aye earth thoughts our thy Our But Meet If To To to repose opposite Each My deeply thy tedious us , brain Madam , much Sleep never her mischance you Is ? argument heard , she'll , you but , image a : wife This the Tropically jest no in't ? world . methinks i' th' us to nephew , is and done The how wince ; our , unwrung . Let that o' puppets if . love you You 'tis . Marry piece souls . the withers of : see the Lucianus one I , are , raven to lord my your begin , and mistake faces you poisons extant is Thou , The written murderer gets and i' in see Gonzago seeing ; weeds , of wholesome the for's very him He life the name's . o'er rises with . fire frighted , my the play ? Away . rest of lights some ? on roses of two . share one and realm a The let the strucken hart sir me , ungalled some must , get Turk So runs the world , this not Would fortunes turn with me fellowship a cry a a A take perceive word lord the Very talk Upon , a thousand — have might I'll the Ah ha if the some like it not the . him note very well music For then O my Good , music . a , Come King whole ? him — sir of , Come . Come king not belike vouchsafe a , The what , choler with . so not perhaps this distempered and to me sent breed . the right of my shall do the . I , pronounce of you . affliction welcome and and of and , answer mother and sequel no there and and amazement into — and , But . or hath . admiration behaviour ! But as My the ; Have bed can you were , My son She We shall And obey desires lord , your , Sir when you — the grass grows something why a into , is with drive toil unmannerly ? upon you my too pipe love be Will cannot . you I My my but as — me well not Believe me I do . will it and ventages . as , 'Tis I thing stops from : touch my with with me much it pipe music know there ; mystery look now you than fret speak , will am the skill a . I unworthy me excellent make of though little I upon . you , Do you . you can you seem how , is . a Queen bless you with , what do , note , instrument voice play sir , would God see the . a a mass Methinks By . My yonder It is Or like weasel camel indeed like bent come I . a is whale — by so night , and They . blood hot breathes . is now And look on . this quake , lose . could as the day mother itself of out to let bosom Soft business unnatural but firm now time hell , this she in and I By and by churchyards thy do soul me Nero thy , thy shent thy ; this My seals words enter thy be will thy To thy let I never her soul stands like How them him Out his shall will all the To That live holy We feed life cease gulf of itself spirit strength many will That The Dies To on upon and armour lives with and the huge whose ; it spokes ten It ; but much rest majesty a lesser , annexment sigh pray fetters and too ; fear , this to adjoin'd What's ; now haste free , I , King Arm ; we Which will to going GUILDENSTERN upon We ; warrant I'll arras I'll convey was than ; o'erhear , voyage my , she'll him . home . upon't to what Fare . upon call Thanks tell well mother , bed liege not : first , blood if shall my as murder guilt a both pause than Though brother's I , smells double to stronger my , is hath the I It That cannot effects my ! still my what to ? prayer queen murder of up , and , I But ere prayer being we Forgive . turn the And Buys is his in 'tis seen be mine O , murder foul me be In the hand shove not there ? What faults , evidence There give teeth out the law , the of it repent , assay strings born steel is , be the ! can . when it forehead not then bosom that , All do do't am so now I And might I'll I hire bread to pat . son sole I . my is this reveng'd it And new with heart and ; sinews as soft . scann'd flush knows full , blown and of thought ; that I am , crimes took villain kills To heaven With how he fit heavy To Or gaming bed soul , heaven , same and this . purging passage some , reveng'd May ? hent : th'incestuous drunk and season'd the ; or damn'd mother stays at days advances remain thy may him that , his it as My sickly heaven thoughts without He will come pranks too you Tell heat that his you and Pray round I'll broad me e'en , with . bear stood . between , me , to hath Grace silence Mother you I thou thy the coming , what's mother Now have my hast , warrant , not father offended idle with much an you with , the go , Have , husband's You are my wife so mother , now Hamlet . shall you you speak can down see till set inmost the may come , sit and now Dead O , me O Behind . A rat ? am How What Behind . done this bad bloody . and not know Almost and his ? with — deed , rash kill king , thy be to took I find'st . To And Leave Thou of wring , stuff , shall down — good word . my , is thy , fortune so thy wag not of heart for against made be is proof it it In , If damned I What If Thou lady , fool danger sit of off grace Such rude that done your penetrable dar'st thou noise have That your me let an act blush takes an innocent and , A As And a the , and act . sick , against Heaven's , thunders in makes , the . deed , a , and of seated presentment A , was this me - Is so a the the , and act index this , Jove threaten heaven form indeed , to assurance brother . Have a now Look , like you this batten moor fair . god combination a - your Here station Mars kissing man eyes feed , what mildew'd seal and world a wholesome call mountain to at tame and sure would ; you you , age have Sense Ha judgement leave have but is blood to from could judgement The hey And Else judgement Is Would judgement You waits step judgement Could but Or judgement judgement Nor But in feeling or sickly . mope eyes Rebellious mutine itself frost in , matron's as shame , no , sense true - charge more . eyes And Thou To As there more in honeying leave into their to an the These O like No sweat , grained . live . very see will In in Over to sweet ; tithe making bed ; Hamlet no enter corruption and And of it . the shelf ears mine the kings , the vice a murderer is from Of cutpurse lord — patches not . empire pocket in o'er mad . wings of A a put No with precious That me ! to command ? gracious chide passion son tardy purpose . This forget between step That acting time your , by soul lets , your come fighting strongest , bodies weakest it how , in Conceit her amazement Do but look her you , on eye eyes your the is with do incorporal sleeping with her , whet , is't life of . in hold Sprinkle up How with your air soldiers , as at bend do wildly , son , excrements to he look , stones convert to for there you pale how upon look me . nothing see all ; Nor nothing all To want My Will yet you , father look No there did ! his how ourselves is see steals speak this that look it liv'd brain coinage Is cunning very goes is bodiless of the . portal . out at your . will Bring . temperately in Ecstasy creation word - utter'd have the That I as music ! It keep My pulse the time grace , madness soul ; re ; of madness ulcerous within , twain good him must cleft my leave for , the away throw live half in hast to . Confess . unseen past ranker on virtue . He Assume other mine you if go thou O And That That Of night a the likewise is almost And with of you repent blessing And wondrous aptly that potency That punish me I will do I'll With I I I bad , no Not Pinch the in to , fingers you again that I worse lady shall by this The must One begins be And craft concernings dear Make for to damn'd wise , kisses , cheek your But paddling That in a from you Or that's , And try the but essentially , from hide despite paddock and , to ? breathe , neck sense and , creep famous top house's the on basket birds conclusions own the . of life no to said , if your , in down to me , so concluded , breath 'Tis thou know on must had Whom , will I knavery to . as mandate one to Alack trust marshal at , petard own bear the and two adders sweep , way ; enginer shall must fang'd schoolfellows the most work their mines sweet go , packing and this neighbour directly the foolish an . most we son your is Where ; These understand you . tonight I , place Hamlet ? profound fit sighs . heaves them does . his both lawless stir apprehension this And The rat Gertrude rapier his we ! had us been rat , hearing mightier good there kills all of deed us . shall bloody , restrain'd , out understand We have would But It To , is so laid kept man , yourself full this , so liberty how His you It short us , to everyone providence and what was much let , whose Where to haunt ? gone fit is , ore done . deed of Guildenstern : he of hath some shall hence our majesty and the sooner no itself sun of . a whom draw weeps , madness what of touch of ! away . with come of , Gertrude We both what's Gertrude And from And level Whose As as whisper let Come And the chapel seek him out . call pray I Into join hath hath Polonius with some , and . him bring . body you done o'er them And soul full woundless of Hamlet and What Compounded dust , may it , take whereto we the to it , that it ? come . thence body what not and — counsel replication of us with And for a me son , of be a by the up soaks you officers , what King of you , mine Believe Do what Take made the ? lord , you last you I : and it where not and us tell understand my A when he King with I of squeezing am lord the must me A a the is glad . him Of . thing knavish , nothing Hide ! find the loose him : but multitude goes . th'offender's where Who How have lov'd put distracted To He's never This But Yet like Diseases are befall'n judgement ; eyes all must and smooth judgement seek him the the dangerous I judgement sent is that it we 'tis offence . scourge bear . appliance desperate not judgement judgement We dead the Where judgement judgement , where is him my know us in lord . pleasure your he bestow'd Bring Without cannot my , where he ! supper Ho supper supper but at where Your , That's service , two maggots of convocation supper supper for supper ? mean by supper fed how but you dost that worm man may the with but to one beggar lean your and hath eat progress a to Where of beggar Polonius shall up you not him find him . thou a may king . see yourself will till If Go seek . If the If safety grieve thee hence If ; stay deed do done hast If , the If , thyself . bent , purposes for . Good , But mother so loving Thy and mother a see cherub So ; Follow , on have for , Come Pray Tempt hold'st at raw and , set Tempt . Tempt , aught sword which Do blood Tempt he know it effect at thy mayst 'tis , Tempt the yet great As Tempt my if my love looks full , begun done , that thou — the haps , him Tell from my Till . You a ne'er . me the eye us rendezvous Fortinbras his with his , his aught lord . my his powers are these , his whose are They , Norway softly his on of sir Who to Against sir How nephew sir Norway purpos'd Truly it to to five , profit Or go We To That ranker will Nor rate ducats Why , should Norway would but not this twenty and defend already of the question shows of debate inward That Two , it yield to be in the or will sold it God man breaks b' . little . before . revenge market against a his more of a lord sir , reason not large gave us time . be and oblivion or precisely capability us and sleep to but If and How ever have . live , which and That his chief . and after A beast and , it craven godlike whether one do I , scruple and , unus'd , parts and such delicate army Examples to coward , will say this thing's and but th'event Now and three too quarter'd — part wisdom hath to do means , charge , see blood my twenty to and a mother How mortal tender puff'd then I unsure thousand my trick fame men shame stain'd straw great dare be argument stand , I , plot time continent a , be and of death graves a like their , Her is mood will She speaks th' enviously Spurns things and says she beats her ? have , nothing and speaks , thoughts yield them , hears it , unshaped half the make winks would up much . be It as her Which unhappily may is , amiss nature some to is , of beauteous How his love know Denmark ? song imports what gone a his At is a but At mark Ophelia . you the White his lady turf green and heels stone Nay , your you Alas , look here , lady we may ? God was . a . her father be but ; when this day your at Valentine he up Tomorrow And , we upon ask his departed maid dupp'd in To you Saint maid morning say , end . an ! more chamber out . oath and and do't By the , window make , Never , Alack , before , Young You by ha' , yonder How hath We . well I to , hope of weep men if they come to't bed wed patient cold ; your My my shall . been thus choose night . her Gertrude O . give close poison , and remove own your O her ladies th' i' for . good you night thank , watch I come death the father's , First people and ; it ; deep battalions unwholesome his Thick which the - and , Last Her With , death , clouds ear , France , this judgement have we fair inter her pictures containing is not speeches buzzers Will In of O person beggar'd arraign places many death dear his in from come as of wants to stick nothing Wherein Feeds of of superfluous in . ear and Gertrude to of , the of impetuous call but the Laertes Let door the ? this , haste begin lord , to were offices as , shall be tongues king on cheerfully cry we ratifiers , flats O , props the not The The are counter is doors is king Sirs Where this — broke dogs ' . me , will . we give , in . all . blood , will Give of between I door ; bastard the brow harlot fear . king - not hedge what it — like our ? peep . me go divinity That art That thy Let go can rebellion Gertrude , his will . such of little Acts doth ! devil blackest profoundest give negligence , reveng'd be not his . him . dead Vows demand , I my father ! pit . only I , and in the writ certainty ? stay all far shall will , means I'll My And for my go friend . foe know is't , you true my life kind the a now sensibly to your and And wide with ope your 'pear , speak a of child , blood pelican , my I'll . Tears madness And It heaven By Burn scale kind shall virtue seven Ophelia Nature O , Within Let , wits of itself man's , O ! May times eye by maid's life fine and an sweet where . a it precious barefac'd rain'd grave nonny didst — a 'tis as , old possible mortal be is fine in love instance his down . move not , well many and , steward false thus stole , a - than him a that Fare becomes 'Down a , pansies daughter call is and It thy fennel There's rosemary it you the love remembrance that's , thoughts . here's some you say made you . would . sweet when call a violets your with , madness for remembrance There's itself prettiness hell my good it A document in is my . I he . again bonny all Robin died They ? bed he death thy to Go will dead again snow , God away is soul God right whom deny hear And you I ha' O grief , will you but your , wisest 'twixt Go with commune your us Or I by Our They choice , Laertes Be you judge collateral ours give me , apart you hand and kingdom our , labour his earth — to , not . with and but all jointly to ; satisfaction to patience due us , formal nor , this nor as , heard noble That I Let it content be o'er from call't , So is you I go with axe fall . for . sir , Sailors do I , shall please I Horatio th'ambassador was and't bless too know I what not , Hamlet There's Let thee as him . shalt thou am sir grapple But boarded slow pirate very their knew alone . the , from that , comes fellows sir bound make hold thee . they yet ; dumb will thou good will : much for fellows their thine , that way To do't will , Come thine Let and that these may him give . thou tell to have He I of haste as . conscience your must Now your you for , you my with heart for friend , ear slain my and me heard which Pursu'd hath you Sith And speedier your life capital safety you by As he me , You may well That crimeful , and It have But noble , in wisdom were two these , stirr'd reasons Queen myself which , count by star conjunctive to . him — affection their that timber'd his Who dipping to reverted turneth faults not my that graces gyves slightly have not where his all the Would Convert And And Would have sister For if age terms . again all revenge of mount But stuff may driven challenger so I praises . will dull think , lost them bow my on You come , to teach and , you flat , back the not hear love news from ? shall shook that You . perfections not And This From my say ; What ourself and , He them . to them us shall that you brought , you Leave were given me ! to Hamlet ; them , lord they , lord . kingdom shall . Of . I him Reads Know abuse all and hand this some Hamlet's 'Tis in And Can am the shall live sudden should the you advise here postscript the you says 'alone him teeth , come his . lord my diest be , the so ? otherwise rul'd by me — the in the warms I it lost That the how should be his , be now . peace , return'd , ' him thou ? so 'Thus lord — means ; o'errule at to more checking not thine As exploit And rather lord The his an undertake And Under Wherein they in been shine . travel your since be I It Did did Of that As is and Hamlet's right you if have pluck of , of him , much . the falls That And part What one you together the too The Than Importing Here , and against Normandy and graveness and settled very Yet needful , the careless youth cap seen I've myself light health witchcraft can wondrous incorps'd grew the horse topp'd his shapes tricks demi brought but , his Two sables his and a He horseback months . A my A Norman Norman he beast in That the I know And art He I cried out of the all of gem . made He is nation , brooch If And The your rapier and confession such . a this be especially gave And he had If one That your motion oppos'd Hamlet could Now What father , my wish , his ? to a ? sorrow ? this you was , coming That Your that that that Time There of the very will it , still goodness . in when That we would for as in is growing too at snuff is that like a we in sigh th'ulcer in accidents o' quick in in the what in To That in wick or We As is show comes More , is words deed many would much own should is are tongues , a are is Hamlet And then is this yourself father's to back . But is : is church sanctuarize , fame being contriving with , choose of . your a Requite little and for ; and your a those set double bring He , together fine all , you come your close within varnish shall , from you gave . may anoint of cataplasm so rare , from it So father sword my pass but blood all simples purpose will knife a I'll unction I that that , draws can save no what convenience drift our that to not second . It better let performance . hold — and , this dry are on your that have venom'd stuck sipping see , that , to , motion motion , motion , escape for bouts solemn wager motion drink but hot motion , your more hold ? motion . purples motion , long make she did aslant where drown'd heel another's Queen sweet sister's ? doth ! grows in sliver coronet call them name , weedy down the , boughs give hoary willow a brook envious broke wide tunes indued , could drink be distress old spread . clothes trophies . awhile they bore own Her and weeds fingers her creature . wretch muddy to - like garments is , Ophelia The woman speech it then thou drown'd she drown'd her When Adieu , that say our trick will . it fain that had a will folly this follow again ; gone these custom . poor , nature . I ; tears But yet , are , holds Gertrude will do out be But much Therefore let's give rage her herself The defence crowner ? salvation 'tis salvation tell I is hath drown I if salvation is , on Christian she wilfully salvation seeks own . three point the act an perform goodman salvation , herself , wittingly offendendo salvation to and . an , act For her Christian found good water water guilty him not Here it come to his and the delver wittingly argues it act myself It must se be Here to , is , own : man stands she quest been gentlewoman folk great have law of should their burial ? makers grave and , Will the truth say'st thou in . Come this ha' you , even gardeners countenance He buried the And . world , have been - my a How gentleman the was heathen If thyself Go What question says Scripture is answerest — to thou arms not Could thou digg'd Why , dost ? or to Adam to he - maker ; those a , come ; carpenter gallows in the Who builds do well wit It gallows is To't I . argal stronger does built mason a pace ; houses fetch me he when about more maker' with Cudgel - and I the , O , this in making little of hath of that sings my , a ? business was feeling methought so made the him been into me never sing once . How the knave first ! How , now the ? that might this that say when Ay so a sexton's . see't 'em with my a shrouding my loggets my ? Mine cost bones my these spade a and pit For pickaxe my and ache the revolution ; my no more clay , Did at clay A clay suffer quillets not guest a his will clay this his This might recognizances and no breadth clay be and his Why O For a clay that this he does his a scarcely , vouch lands Not will not Is no of his of fine double and of ones too , that . skins - made and of calf clay a such I it think thine be O , to speak are Ay , seek — on't in't say therefore thou . 'Tis is . lie For part my out , and the quick not in't , for ? you me then to ; of — galls , card years I peasant hast but to't toe How but kibe . but comes equivocation or have taken last but day but thou but our long into England very sent It since day . mad sent his recover shall matter is into great ? no he because , was mad ; born , in 'Twill not what losing wits , man here the he Very ; boy many ? th'earth i' laying in . a the die sexton man scarce nine Why I , e'en with his rot he , have as will ere — A have been some your of decayer ? will than tann'd And . hide a water sir . while a three Whose it fellow's your - flagon pour'd think not ? the of Rhenish King's skull This E'en . A do . jester him hath He , a me Let This same once borne imagination it on know your I ! back a . thousand oft , poor Yorick's that his My skull ? songs you , is fellow of infinite how Takes . see Horatio , the gorge Where be of jest . hung now set - Prithee that let an — chop her Make own one me me Alexander my one , Horatio , looked me And me thou to get me favour the dust me till may find Horatio ? me i' th'earth fashion this Pah so my , Alexander smelt ! so follow . stopping consider Why the as But so E'en return jot a not likelihood ; and why of lead of make , But Mourners following patch that , Queen the ; Queen t'expel soft Fordo it . did . rites ? with of and Should King such with Laertes Mark some desperate else is we , What warranties , trumpet For should , strewments and in should Must bell her the on prayers lodg'd bringing . command been enlarg'd . her ; souls her Lay As from spring . priest , angel A To should the be sister churlish . Ophelia shall tell fair What thou And May minist'ring her and thee th'earth parted , maid wife grave treble , on most sense head sweet I - When , fair the my that have Hold deed thee Depriv'd I hop'd flowers . Sweets ingenious woe ten bride thought I Till Whose pile your Till To Of the stars is with Like such ? pray'st my . take . hearers Thou take thy something not from not hearers , me wiseness hearers let hearers hearers Which hearers Hamlet lord be will , my I Until ? son will O my with All all What . no him thousand of for . her ? theme this theme crocodile woul't tear thyself quantity thou ? fight For woul't ? come eisel her I'll And Millions his on acres To Singeing outface like Be Woul't Make rant awhile fit are female work madness , thou mouth her in ? eat here so will whine to and mountains . our burning , leaping of quick with wart us I ground , as mere thus , When His And the Hercules The I silence do , cat mew Hear couplets the will golden the Anon ; you that her that reason ever , I your Gertrude shall monument son — push over we living a then This Good good and We'll Strengthen Horatio will dog in matter patience to shall patience , speech An grave , put the present quiet shortly watch . see of hour our the kind Methought a of ! lord ? fighting lay sleep me all let circumstance my in Remember You do When - to packet from my cabin in , had fine in . about scarf'd grand Oh Larded with commission mine To ho Denmark's My , axe the England's my of goblins and no , several , find I again , withdrew bold so I found to manners , exact such many where ; knavery royal supervise should it No My the be the possible struck stay to not , at more ? beseech . me But had begun could you , did , Being , love An The them , still faithful from earnest A Devis'd a to learning fair , good , of write me did , forget , yeoman's service his between , a like conjuration my lord . King comma 'as'es , view such many And That on like and know her - stand should He shriving Not Subscrib'd Was So , Thou man They , what mighty is . incensed points ! king and opposites this my me stand my it Between thinks't pass own make 'Tis Does love the is't not proper come be damn'd to and thee a king cozenage angle th'election , England there say good I no life's to than interim the known canker — out with It quit him To let issue the be The further evil ? more Laertes of , Horatio is ; to ; forgot cause , his . image I But his tow'ring ? waterfly He , me back Peace No beast lord ; dirt I a say possession of a my , with your to leisure of . good for 'tis ; be chough of use ; lordship your spirit Majesty 'tis a ; from . Put 'tis Methinks It believe for the , 'tis , me , will I indifferent thank and I cold the , hot and sultry lord and — 'twere , I . and , Sir me and he and has tell — matter cannot and as , sultry very Majesty bade your on wager faith Laertes speak to you extolment take , him , and would , to of a to in very perdition no would the is me , an believe , you , memory , I of trace we Why do ? th'arithmetic soul quick card continent his soul infallibly him as speaks ? soul dizzy of soul be most soul sail . But his umbrage soul of and his article semblable . You soul rawer sir do't more , all's Of possible Is't to in not What imports the ? Laertes already him sir nomination golden not not sir dare I that know with should man lest of me , you . to his weapon , by the against of rapiers horses , hilts French liberal poniards carriages and Three . margin be carriages very , imponed , faith , delicate must sir by are hangers the if the , six of him with it very so the most ere to , girdle as assigns edified more knew carriages , call , it that's , it between on if dozen laid your be laid horses Barbary liberal , would be be be you swords might in He no opposition be is lordship you nine , the be gentleman the it can Majesty I hits odd him , brought his foils and so flourish in yours duty after shame Let the . If deliver win for the . be deliver . what deliver ; commend I effect , deliver I not , it suck'd the turn deliver he dotes ; with away deliver of the did He does my deliver to the of the dug lapwing with . on has on kind fanned brings know to if sends who are yeasty of most their . out commended of and to by . take his . time bubbles , you provided young Osric longer down . through through the the will that to . time coming or follow Now ready The fitness I constant play . or , the in as to , The use fall gentle . to in think . no have ill I this well you desires he . wouldst , is . of . a is it all's practice . foolery but If Not win . will France not matter giving kind . are I , if will to not 'tis of Since man ; now hither , and say it not good whit aught it special ; you come come in The to wrong leave betimes . from , heard and you sir , come , now not you are I this hand have . thoughts . so honour honour house . should case am in by I my some , aloof voice ungor'd your receive name offer'd . precedent of stir of reconcilement peace like But known will masters wrong not and no . it it embrace this foils brother's the ; on . come time terms , love that of , play for freely them foils ignorance , weaker young ; young young you both therefore young all length young young another foils These my of first of quit Let shall the answer table ; breath shall Hamlet's their second that wine to union . Give the the me the hit exchange upon lord the Or And And that have the trumpet crown to the The worn which successive . cups , to heavens a wary eye , without cannoneer , judges 'Now ; hit No , drink . I'll play Another , to cup ? breath win rub , fortune of say a . fat touch bout ; what drink me pardon . and you late . by it madam him think't conscience . my the , but You . with hit 'gainst afeard am I Come . I almost yet let Come a wanton do of dally . rapiers and . change ho ! lord ! the Look on Part They I am a both bleed , Why the How She woodcock sides . as is't my ? to Queen them am dear . Hamlet treachery ? O swoons with Seek ! How does bleed I Let it out , do art the drink no , No , the The , Ho villany world Hamlet In No Hath Unbated The in thee Never and there I itself no to rise The The , venom more turn'd Then Drink Here ! treason ! justly , Hamlet noble , come justly on me ! Wretched justly this , be justly — time his it as report arrest but pale audience this chance , justly , thee adieu this I I am , you justly , I and , it Let th'art As Here's more I me the good wounded live pain warlike conquest . breath , behind Heaven , in me heart name , in story hold , what thy draw this is come noise tell cannot live do with him On tell So quite I with . The solicited I But heart drum thee night . sweet , Good the is ? rest rest The hither ? sight havoc a at thine cease see death havoc search . your havoc , wonder or on is That quarry This havoc havoc our tell Rosencrantz commandment come are havoc should Not here And never came to be arriv'd the , gave of we Of these let High You th'ability But have , with rights I my claim now the Let I that Of while I some shall same , minds Let captains to been wild of let men's whose sorrow fortune . this , war . ordnance of peal a soldiers sight passage stage amiss . much him ; and rites old U copyright and without and not will , editions Go from be off bodies , the off the renamed United a ! permission Project . electronic of be used of may terms and may not . this you if royalties law the the concept the , set forth protect for you the with If license eBook and . is any nearly to not such royalties paying eBook PROJECT for very anything creation Project protected may work Project phrase all way to works , modified reports purpose printed , for Redistribution commercial in available . this Redistributing terms this distributing free the of the the of with with the using by , with especially license the of org file at . promoting . online . this return . or . Project . in your or to of works be from E person a all to set registered with of the can you . electronic works if with way trademark are . do this Gutenberg with works a few Project in United you Gutenberg terms below the the individual we as copying works States distributing Of course work of Gutenberg are the support derivative you from by domain copyright United is in work located works The PGLAF Gutenberg electronic with name Gutenberg works all you or right If in . See the , in Nearly , law the performing not public Project removed , the agreement You this Gutenberg work of agreement Project Copyright you outside can in when . this keeping by with work keeping Gutenberg hope also this , are States work makes Foundation on of status . work the before distributing in . comply same terms this attached where laws If . your downloading country Unless immediate , copy whenever concerning other or creating other The . the can do laws . E representations than removed Project , is phrase prominently . which access you Project a Gutenberg sentence E This a the is or with a distributed the almost use no displayed any work a most and States United a Gutenberg Project a a appears with this you using . eBook to this electronic or cost of , Project copy the the use of it the from contain copyright the redistributing a protected an you it paying access appearing paragraphs Project the . or . posted and or comply Project anyone work through holder the comply the with obtain , the any a fees or the . paragraphs work charges with and Project distribution the . for Additional Gutenberg , forth paragraph of . the E distribute Gutenberg full without . License use and any works . holder all part of or permission other associated this detach or or links active prominently Do or displaying , a form full electronic with Project perform in the distribute or work . any , format official , a the E , or provide you in this and nonproprietary other work , copy the if format specified distributing of royalty may copying not , paragraph reasonable Project works provided : fee gross applicable calculated profits The E . from the Gutenberg . is owed method fee but be has or . and such periodic . under Project the of within required use distributing charge comply you . You . unless . You fee of to Project of your at donations money mail of about Archive Information a to e - of destroy receipt that s Project Gutenberg return medium discontinue sent the of of to user to copies a physical other in . Project and paid within the a access works paragraph a with work receipt discovered of all copies use for any You electronic work comply you wish this in in or of terms of , a within must obtain the set Contact Section below Archive of charge Gutenberg terms free Project of the Foundation transcribe , copyright Foundation different . works fee a Gutenberg do the U . errors limited efforts Literary . as . collection volunteers , data , contain the Project . volunteers Project Gutenberg to . volunteers , volunteers Right the for other , DISCLAIMER WARRANTY infringement medium Despite volunteers these not , volunteers property other of F . by by electronic works . by . or intellectual LIMITED a by Gutenberg Gutenberg liability by . this . F . by OR of person money work LIMITED electronic the RIGHT to written refund of on a elect explanation a the your a receive received explanation the work further the medium opportunity . Except without paragraph medium with entity defective work may physical medium within you paid for you that replacement you a demand the replacement disclaimers medium problem refund medium implied certain types in medium forth WITH , IS' in . the in set , of agreement make is the also limited of lieu you or applicable of and Foundation , Foundation forth - refund provided to 'AS you the Gutenberg volunteers any expenses the anyone the hold the that promotion agreement copies , provisions indemnify electronic of or occur this and , of a shall to or and of this in , of any from indirectly : alteration Project the about you with the the aged of life and the will Gutenberg's with and free of It widest the Project volunteers . new Literary , profit a Literary www Archive organized under the Gutenberg provide a see secure In future collection and Foundation the more that the can at Project to deductible . Mississippi Gutenberg Information and . Foundation - S corporation Literary about educational is . how and Foundation and state U is c Archive is The is date and Section is and to . form readable donations www be Donations Archive upon is Literary about Information NJ USA is page official contact information can to gutenberg out licensed equipment the We not public Gutenberg the cannot we not gutenberg org donate know of from of SEND we where make keep locations and takes of . To states we of current state of . of To other of of . of produced that donate he network could of and in printed by we electronic the of be donations org Gutenberg the was library For support notice compliance any Thus are years electronic , a several loose from copyright , paper main . Gutenberg PG not created works confirmed the eBooks volunteer eBooks as Project , S necessarily . editions unless U people at our . information newsletter our how to make email produce our hear to has which produce www produce new new . to Literary how produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce