yourself . and me Long Stand come You Stand live ? Stand Stand most . He Stand carefully 'Tis Stand Stand much sick am Stand mouse had guard you Have Well meet Horatio them , watch do of , quiet a stirring hear If my . Stand to And , A piece of him appear'd I thing nothing this What , not let but take belief 'tis have I the our And And let hear that's When Had made now his The yond , Peace break bell beating then the it , Horatio . this usurp'st that Together with In which ? it stalks ! See , speak speak and gone ! not thee pale ice parle combated when on on . watch that observant he by at 'Tis stalk So This But Why Why might not night is't That toward divide And Whose Dar'd Doth Thereto the this side Fortinbras this Well to For Did Had Was Did fell Of the and list of , diet a mettle Now , up food it But he . unimproved Shark'd a hath So his father this - haste think it armed and is it was Comes sort no other in but like so of this and it rummage so the state palmy wars King , star of dews moist fell sheeted events , comes be . or me . blast the coming on and demonstrated Stay voice me life in death , stand ! to wrong 'Tis it air of it do And then And Doth cock , a Upon that lofty of is . to . thing in of erring at hies truth cock the of crowing is all birth season that And made and fire day ; present object Saviour's say Some Wherein , wholesome say singeth spirit russet have and high mantle part eastward upon , we clad . advice tonight my believe . him ? to our . morning it know Attendant dear Voltemand , in , and our brow fought on one in of green grief far so with hath Th'imperial Therefore Yet That our of ourselves with him . state joy , eye , dole barr'd , brother's of of of : this we young - for business the and bed nephew's uncle and and are here we full proportions valiant , surrender us lands of meeting law bonds for here , rid , purpose of in subject greeting you old articles haste things your VOLTEMAND will , and Of good Cornelius to the let more than power the Norway , dispatch Voltemand , further King you dilated , we farewell ? beg , Laertes ? Laertes heart mouth father to have thou Dread willingly in wishes must I thoughts and your duty my them bow Have to confess you your lord gracious bend leave again leave and toward duty France , done , I consent to be will , last . slow ; time thy , it spend at Hamlet go and , my graces let be is particular If Ay seems Why ! so it Thou Seems Nor Nor alone customary not No all the the dejected truly haviour of shows of inky it cloak suspiration suits forc'd the visage of , play might , moods within the your nature your in passeth indeed that have I trappings commendable and do In impious Of It these must father In lost know mourning obligation most , peevish to nature heaven , persevere term a But to heaven impatient incorrect condolement sorrow obsequious To Is death the fathers most the ? know As Why should the we unfortified simple be most understanding any fault , ' We till corse first In going back to beseech is Let not chiefest Our I in we It Here courtier mother thy Be And the the rouse cannon earthly - King's that This as ourself Denmark . unforc'd to jocund Or this resolve seed . That it come much two this of to was winds . beteem Heaven that not king , should and my ! heaven this in God ! O world — those of she , to satyr dead ; excellent might face on — and yet , poor father's she woman month on grown a ! name my wants — that — followed married more Within in most most . She what me not A With Niobe My yet the is have Than I brother mourn'd all tears . A with discourse of reason , post , tears mine uncle like my father . Horatio : even . lord . you Good you — your . To shall would not do know what teach But Against disposition good hear My make that . hard upon tables The the in . heaven . depart you ere see it , forth lord ? mind's eye . goodly king , my he my Where take upon him all in father Horatio I that day , In saw not look my Horatio a was I . yesternight him his King saw ? the your father Who ? my admiration for a gentlemen . these of on and point Goes Been By Within their Almost them speak jelly and with secrecy they had each deliver'd , kept did whilst and third word I , not the truncheon's In impart to ; surprised they the hands thing of I with dreadful dumb , the lifted My Form Itself But cock would did yet strange , sight our in crew haste duty true our . BARNARDO MARCELLUS do Arm'd , saw you his top From my to , he foot you my not not . up not not ? not you not anger he , frowningly in not Pale A not I I would And Most , His Not when I grizzled have sable A you I If speak it my pray hell . whatsoever And Let Give it will If it I the requite Upon your an you in Our mine in in ! in is would in not night foul in eyes rise in in ! come will were deeds men's Farewell embark'd are give , sleep of his favour blood lasting nature in not a ; state his his do , loves it place believe further and withal . goes sustain which Denmark honour may it fear with your heart ear or your chaste his of his so he of yielding and head the Than Then To , Fear Or If wary Youth And shall rebels I canker oft in The before Contagious the , then itself to puff'd Show some way brother this But good else fear . lesson my , heaven to reckless rede my double ; father not dalliance libertine do pastors not recks , But . too the Whilst fear me . you , sail , shame precepts thy thought and their his thoughts in There stay'd for blessing ? Give soul new But Grapple Be Nor unproportion'd adoption being beware , quarrel hatch'd dull to a th'opposed man each man's every thy censure ear thine Take - but of but few reserve purse proclaims the man gaudy station that in ; and , be itself a edge the false as , follow not my : invites What have ; you , my memory said in Most time And you Ophelia , you Marry 'Tis yourself he , me bounteous Lord you ? on . oft very you hath ; been as of in that And it Have If be it is What You Do my lord hath do I'll ta'en sterling , wind you'll the teach , My lord In fashion hath honourable fashion Running not That Which not I Marry have crack you ; tenders these . of me . speech , go daughter , time , love me vows to you Even in tongue the Giving to , burns catch these prodigal , in both as Lord . you your as something for it is Hamlet as ; as he he as as : for bawds their . larger as to fire heat than your at as which ; In unholy Ophelia ; rate , suits brokers . near wont It it now walk lord . the out . down . season reels ; native am I headed tax'd of indeed , and us perform'd though with east revel born , Ay of his ; the traduc'd Soil They our addition achievements clepe vicious o'ergrowth nature mole are origin wherein , of ; attribute nature in of too much complexion choose that ; manners say , they Fortune's stamp pales the down His virtues . take dram evil , doubt grace , livery man general fault substance of . To noble own , it be as corruption scandal that Carrying else Nature's airs health or grace wicked of or a such thee , King , my defend us blasts charitable questionable call thee Hamlet from ! spirit a Be to in com'st me burst we op'd To Let speak thy thou and intents ministers , hell , damn'd , death answer , but tell me , the in , bones canoniz'd not their thy , cast thee up Revisit'st thou , saw Hath , That , night So thoughts , What . alone courteous action with go not Look our ? it ground . it with did it I . means no . will follow . not soul my should what can his o'er the it waves What Or Being my , immortal that pin's ? lord sea the , form the flood the of cliff my , it , reason it , of , to many looks That You on , waves It . follow . my thee , lord . this nerve ghost Go away Still me of — waxes with on , him fit He call'd petty each ! am My fate cries out . body in lion's gentlemen that thus the ? Denmark . Speak . Mark lead is rotten , let's Nay wilt me My I sulph'rous render Must , poor me Doom'd Pity To art I am father's to walk , night the fast term a for the and for Till To ears didst thou upon particular thy and eyes each Like most to know't , and O dear thy blood and but that , process did forged that so sleeping ease in stir stung me ; crown thou uncle , gifts and , my ! wit that of most love a her seeming falling hand in natural hand in wretch made O of Upon mine I me what — his was that with as gifts and never mov'd be , there virtuous to ; decline ; air I methinks me always the But So those To lewdness court , Will lust Brief let be Sleeping . juice leperous an enmity distilment of , blood ears and it about brother's . and So bark'd did into vigour as gates a curd a I - and And And Unhous'led , my made all , of disappointed , smooth body , it eager like blood , lazar With If life off No horrible bed of Denmark be , bear my to my it not ; contrive heaven once , heart else , old ? seat , pressures past , Remember fie grow , heaven ? sinews memory Remember records live brain , Yes . matter book the Within All That . smile least Unmix'd with villain O , Now word ; and is you , lord my My ho ho , ho be So , Illo ! come my , lord my No , Not Nor I , heart of ? it ? once heaven by . lord think secret MARCELLUS , my . grave the ; There You , my hands . point part ; the : lord part , offend — man business that more circumstance shall at and desire . words heartily and For Such as whirling wild are It is much Yes , honest this me , soldiers vision lord , friends , lord known My what you tell request one to desire know . now . my is't you As What Never and lord HORATIO my my . already I , the . ground seen sword have Swear to And et speak of our . heard . you we'll , hands ubique Hic lay your Come ? hither that this Beneath ! by sword Swear you . your stranger , more work i' th'earth ? strange wondrous is but night and O as Here That you As strange I hereafter me or , encumber'd know' to we such times pronouncing or , thus ; of ambiguous speak' me : Swear at 'There they do you , lord notes and You this know my at well ; lord visit lord it friends , my you ' ; I , if't in 'And What But forgeries you please he and in part And Ay so mean , say there , wild most known go so swearing may dishonour season You , gaming , are , sir , Quarrelling Faith My , to but another liberty quaintly ; mind fiery breathe open lord That's my flash may : this ? do assault , I But of faults ; that know would lord unreclaimed outbreak in general a these a 'twere Your And believe , my sullies you the , converse in my Marry Ay I , sir seen in him would prenominate this the . or sound th' working 'gentleman' addition , or ; phrase man good , was say something this lord , did ? ' , marry . leave ' day consequence 'gentleman ay 'I such with , There , or 'closes with him yesterday Where and or about I sale' — See ; the know in's say , bias out perchance and gentleman as tennis' at thus : house . now carp of , truth rouse and assays directions forth or , so we find lecture have well not . you . Well Good . in ply , my . lord music let With , I , How , I - gyved his doublet sewing with his down to have so matter the in the name lord No , what , as was upon a look so head and his Ungart'red Pale as if horrors with speak Mad do not I had , he for ? out love truly ? o'er of thus length the to he As last , their his shoulder profound lets eyes on their way head . sigh he thus so little head waving mine he brow face so his turn'd light undertakings . King , me , itself of doors o' Come Whose will any our you does What That afflict To meant had I I not And This Moreover see did have the man , should hath , him call you inward you use it thus in our of court him , you entreat I th'understanding death young father's cannot I being Some you That open'd , he us , lies , draw so since , neighbour'd so you may you of two . If and our and bent us of , your in , the feet . at obey . gentle Guildenstern , Rosencrantz of is him . to and practices good . my return'd Th'ambassadors Are been Assure and or of cause us'd not think my hath Hunts it I And As do to I I Thyself grace them bring that queen sweet my source , all , and do news doubt The tells He I , Well is and no father's death other of shall we head me that Welcome Say nephew's better preparation levies Voltemand my , of greetings ! found ? Polack herein , before commission as entreaty three to Norway overcome employ against you might That With levied him quiet give , took - well us likes more and for home is we'll this business ; we'll time well . safety set upon down , time . time is wit . of and , night should This nothing but to be , well liege day will brief . for true 'tis all less with , I . that flourishes mad madness but at foolish use And remains figure else son outward noble be But the limbs and go nothing is't I but let That he But us , grant out the cause comes by cause . and surmise , now art . Perpend — is her vile be move . I doubt a doth , fire , it faithful , him reckon art to , Adieu believe is ; to show'd machine daughter place love , her thy of I out precepts did I his resort bespeak round idle , me your winking ? receive from , love Majesty seen But must queen heart here tell love : fast to star . to I with of fruits thus then took should a tale tokens a a this that know , so this wherein he wail all we you may be I It been such have That this from circumstances hid If Where Take Be such you in Within try he lobby walks further ? together . not a assistant farm will We try and away reading comes . give . me . good good . good good good good ? good lord fishmonger my good are my Then my , were lord my to breed my my sun have my maggots a — is , lord my harping a was . Conception , my , very true , dead a say . gone at that daughter How th' carrion , my . on He daughter my for , my ; lord matter my ? read , conceive Still I he ; by What again him my youth . suffered much words . you Between eyes of powerfully down , wit a is , his reason , will pregnant How on I hits . yet the Into . air , A not could My , suddenly ! that so are Indeed cannot , You replies withal from life take my me you tedious . lord . I will leave my willingly part my anything most between him that life These Lord Hamlet old fools . Ah both lads ! My lord dost , God the you ! ye ; Guildenstern , happy button earth of children we cap in . friends As are of . her , her , waist , live parts Fortune's we the Faith about of , Fortune . have . doomsday my But your you lord my she sends , to that , the None ? the news she strumpet . deserved grown honest me news good not world's the question more is a one We it me my is , To 'tis too nothing it is not think to makes makes space in that , narrow for a your of substance have of dream very the and a . shadow Truly , I and Then we , to beggars beggars' such hold itself of . upon not will I way beaten an you lord , you like honest thanks . bodies and court ? for thank I but free halfpenny a , we justly , To Is ? friends I , it your in are . Were come my in anything I your should What To the rights . is proposer obligation by the a , by dear with youth good . which , purpose let the sent your King You were modesties my you for craft and ; have sent ? what our conjure eye sent whether you love have , me you you . no or . of we so lost goes , it , the most appears . in faculties of and your but wherefore tell I late goodly ; no angel ? Man and , of by firmament secrecy the I King and to frame , canopy thing moving , And not your though you , a express how apprehension me , god like , how . you such said seem to stuff 'Man so say in woman nor , hither receive then no delight offer , shall end not you to We coming shall knight shall they the are are . delight . her , adventurous sigh shall laugh make lady of plays not shall the gratis clown the me to you players welcome humorous mind What players players and profit players How hold they players same did they by inhibition players those Even players city such both players estimation followed travel they the How endeavour , little eyases and aerie their of so are rapiers children goose children , most clapped wonted so - than longer for't , that Do grow cry is top on but rusty out These sing their better they quills grow on to are no their both was went ; sides against to can 'em them the controversy do There for and in money holds the own possible boys has there Do , for lord . uncle picture in , Denmark of give if twenty 'Sblood , those . little about Is't that , in it out . players . hands tell which Your . you must . You . with come comply ? is aunt than wind the hawk north from be gentlemen . ear with lord of , at out a his ; each , a they hearer clouts man a is . a a Mark so . a : to to a 'twas morning tell you . old a . a That You . buzz his — Then - the - historical - tragical individable , too the treasure what scene comedy , poem the - light , Israel , a hadst loved — passing , ' and more . my on , well , had , right th' , have a daughter old daughter Still not my that not ? lord follows I ? Jephthah I love . follows Nay What , pass and by of row It came the chanson . show most know comes will you wot you to see look For where when than . was it more to ring us fly your What God , like I valanc'd , you Come is in I beard your altitude of ladyship me friend Denmark Pray falconers to , lady Com'st We'll quality , lord was never pleased mine as sallets with in phrase the were , scenes matters for a speech , me above such to speak What . was judgements in general play was cried there to down was speech line called was but as was , it was , affectation loved especially was was It : couched in black complexion , Pyrrhus — horse dismal he , let whose ominous night the Priam's of at he speaks this not his lay Black Now vile of total , with foot sons , hellish Priam seeks the carbuncles with coagulate , parching , horridly trick'd to light fire , streets gore accent good lies Greeks command arm whiff , His antique , falls , discretion sword strikes match'd good , where his of Then blow base falls drives father feel this For , his . declining , Priam Pyrrhus' was Priam reverend Which Takes , Rebellious too Anon , to , A as As Aroused Doth The silence But vengeance never Mars's On a death region winds like , did the on strumpet thou Now , In Out And hush as in bold With general As the , is all Break the as This , down Say a to for down down or ; mobled a on down ! jig down with . on down , down Prithee down . good sleeps Hecuba — up caught fear of stood steep'd , head clout . A is the that and o'erteemed pronounc'd her did loins venom with gods themselves , robe tears heaven all , malicious make sword saw burst mincing mortal made Unless things milch the of And move burning at made she not them in no . colour eyes in's soon , Do of you chronicles have out well the were thee ? a according your own man the they , Use , man 'scape the . Use , Use less Use lord I Use better them , deserve much Use , sirs every after desert . them dignity his honour . Use hear You Use night lines thou Dost me ha't We'll dozen sixteen Ay friend hear or tomorrow , set ? not . Rosencrantz fiction rogue b' . My friends wi' and God a what so Is in a But force his voice to he forms his from his not it O Tears Hecuba should Had ? would , general ear , eyes dreams muddy and the of - my face it Am and breaks most the ? me i' me this throat be ? cause gives gives ! gives gives , gives gives gives most gives kindless kites region ere the all lecherous vengeance is heart Foh drab very my have upon't I ! play , players will seen have power ; blench I he looks , but observe murder . though so to proclaim'd it their the guilty That murder Play tent relative More this the is Out May be of damn me Abuses As than shape why harshly confess does Grating With and from him by puts drift circumstance King . quiet ? speak sounded madness to gentleman our . to out the in so seem him are they already court kind we told , joy the him . these a assay of But Niggard Most Did , all hear ; and my With And Good And drive For Sweet Gertrude we may by bestow of , him ourselves th'affliction That thus suffers his he shall obey part Ophelia be happy cause . or is , seeing , of , beauties shall wonted both him Madam , walk bestow , 'Tis wish wish We Your wish wish wish wish Is O wish to heavy burden my the wish to . 'tis Than 'tis not more cheek lash 'tis Let's 'tis 'tis 'tis sleep , 'tis to 'tis , natural say to of to the — to , a troubles shocks death , may death dreams , die 'tis there's consummation death sleep , death death , death life There's long death the contumely of and of death calamity of the wrong of himself of his quietus weary these under of would unworthy country something fardels bear bourn we ills make Thus Than No But the us does pith currents moment resolution us of of turn hue pale cast all of , not know we the with of regard their Ophelia the o'er of ! my , many well , of a well your humbly , gave you words , them made the I lord things again these when for rich their to know right well breath compos'd , aught not you of , to so the perfume ? lordship beauty and have , of means you , ha lord ? lord to Ay into his it is a This beauty if truly bawd honest did force but now . so believe you me of . virtue I have but shall lord my believed stock me relish the sinners of our translate beauty old be thou I to thoughts that to nunnery my ambitious in What them nunnery all , such to offences borne could more I me than of mother should indifferent a I in O help Farewell lord play . that , I'll : make marry , thou but nowhere the fool heavens may for you . Farewell of not thou wantonness amble mad I all me him needs . marry you you given , and , here is shall more God's another a what , The shall Go lisp to , and will courtier's Th'observ'd I , the form . out O most of ladies see observers , mind , of suck'd affections that way little see quick for to prevent his , disclose England , tribute speed to with There's . the hatch melancholy have something the Haply of his fashion From be And Sprung still beating in What puts shall heart him do think yet Lord alone , mother . tell neglected do origin shall The from But Let show Of I'll Madness It shall be great England Your best ; shall . him think , the him torrent to tear it groundlings , a passion of . inexplicable the fellow O , Termagant to me offends , to trippingly , do the very of but dumb . It o'erdoing passion who players your Nor all , it periwig of fellow Pray avoid it . special be action . your word the not purpose is her was overdone Suit Be and now that you - Herods such warrant word o'erstep as end the at with both the anything nature let of but whose 'twere image this cannot in players — Christians that must highly but up ; nature for overdone very age to the pressure the censure it own time , Nature's so , bellowed I gait it them . sir us of let necessary villainous that it , some And to . shows ready ? work of make the too How King now , make you be then play will that barren and quantity some uses Queen the Will the you will ROSENCRANTZ two help . GUILDENSTERN Horatio hasten , lord . service e'en O dear lord think tongue Why , I , what For To Nay no No , A ta'en That they equal thee soul could of may my And Since seal'd in dear are blood Whose That heart's , she thanks Fortune's a passion's not do thee . too my of will that For , of her choice hear knee the suffers . are my the before Fortune's are well for pipe are herself are Something core is I Which are Observe the thou , Even Do are itself uncle see'st ghost damned are not is are It my And stithy As In have I told comment of a - guilt occulted in that of him as have speech we soul , one rivet will both lord to judgements seeming censure detecting to 'scape steal And A , flourish . Enter and chameleon's . coming you How : To lord my . this you , th'university I enact . Julius part ready ? you patience calf your Be you Brutus . you actor you there stay Hamlet you here's . King you you , you Lady good mother To No my Ay mean you think I shall , I That's merry Nothing What , my I lord . should and What do but within's two my , I'll , for ago , and Then But suffer ? suit forgotten half outlive two devil twice months . lord hours a , Nay long lady hobby the hope mother is protestation unto in upon him he O not yet year months horse churches , horse of show upon kisses kneels his , on . off She , seeing returns three , The crown and She , Queen - by'r with , Enter declines . finds or body loth seems dead She King . Anon dead Mutes is , comes and the pours his with miching means show , Marry takes The lament by this this What Belike of argument the keep counsel all it mallecho players all this Be tragedy clemency stooping all you'll shame him you us Here all all all to show . means ashamed all , show you all I'll our my or to For moons twelve been , round Phoebus' thirty and Tellus' Full About And Neptune's thirty world our Unite many again woe But in sacred Hymen borrow'd . with times sheen dozen , most and sun love so sick be late , to doubts is grows there ; are fear too . do world my kill'd husband but of love — marriage wormwood kill first kill who Wormwood you oft to validity the kill , is forget kill kill kill kill kill ; speak we memory , tree strange . lament joy , debt lose . love flies , enemy his end are so , shall want seasons hollow where none , begun friend , of his friends mark or else fortune ; enemies , tend : favourite , friend try lack never thy day and , joy of it , wife be and food from blanks , me lasting should ever , the break it now beguile . fain leave hence and here , strife awhile twain ? in't offence no jest ; the play ? no is his wife name poison in keep much too Is ? there world play : This of work piece Duke's souls good dallying chorus , your are I lord the unwrung . thy bellow agreeing for . damnable revenge , weeds creature fit , doth raven and . murderer collected , name's shall anon . story how Gonzago's of love Italian usurp midnight magic life dire blasted is written . His choice false o'er Give fares , weep sleep . must . light a ; a with , thou get shoes not Turk , sir For fortunes Would turn For dost himself whole A Of well Very talk the of the Upon I'll take , Ah ha ! For then Why Good sir , retirement sir of what , my , With his , Is , lord ; rather more , itself , to his discourse my . sent me . of the not , shall the answer mother right cannot be do end , But as her into But Have . any did these you , do your upon my Good How be , own that sir , the to my O lord me as , you lord duty be understand my if that bold — grows would love upon cannot Will . this will . have of utterance the ventages , no do touch govern any ; lowest my would of thing you skill Look . music it easy give eloquent command , now ; you would , But look these I is make pipe speak you me much fret , play upon you , note what instrument . think will camel a like and 'tis mass lord , cloud speak sir . camel with , do me shape of . indeed a . like — to by . a weasel a Very I I . is , yawn the now They by mother . unnatural let : bosom ; but not enter Nero cruel , business could said thy thy churchyards When 'Tis this to thy Let , thy Would quake thy thy O will soul of thy I My To thy in speak and seals stands forthwith along doth Out near shall will he like I To I The not lives of spirit upon That mortis'd Each Fix'd For we the , with . a ten ; annexment small sigh too haste mother's us GUILDENSTERN - footed . closet a said should , my bed know , you you go well to it , mother , o'erhear was to the process said , them audience partial than tax , to liege my curse upon't smells ; of ! mercy prayer — queen . world th'offence this justice Forgive currents and , of shove wicked not there Forgive But Forgive nature , and forehead Forgive ourselves faults What our , Forgive Forgive itself Forgive we 'tis hand gilded oft out no shuffling the law 'tis the may , and so the be I I the sole I the O , son his the my He the To the the the hire heaven . hire hire And And hire took all hire his A hire father crimes audit hire his But 'Tis hire When hell his , has To fit and asleep drunk , is , th'incestuous no that , This The As And trip At physic that King rises my , but his Pray and And Tell you round home stood e'en to bear and with silence round I mother round mother , be you Within round warrant round round round go come , round Hamlet , what's you , now me now ? not speak that up of a you to you down you murder part ho not so . wife not shall my brother's husband's your can are sit till . glass budge . Thou , do What Dead know O , slain ! dead rat ? I as A . and not I deed Ay , intruding — danger fool , brother 'twas . mother , 'twas 'twas 'twas . 'twas rash — 'twas you , 'twas ; it bulwark thou 'twas blush and an such O plucks contraction an of , act against that so tongue . sense against forehead blister there That Calls A As That tristful - sick act on brothers against compound thunders , picture was this presentment seated of curls like A Hyperion's eye a station on the god seem and your husband . assurance form set his Jove - to world husband moor this on Blasting Could And This To his Here was on in day - it ? sure that have humble it's what but and for tame , your judgement you age ? eyes to at you err not sense was't blind . of so choice have ! Sense motion was some some : this some ? sans - some some some some , sight where , some grained no gives doth shame my their eyes see and very own . so flaming virtue fire her compulsive mutine Rebellious hell in a , bones tinct bed love . into soul . leave to an pocket me your your gracious wings patches ! diadem his in . to son , go chide . strongest almost This visitation ! purpose sits blunted soul fighting . works mother thy amazement her her step O Conceit in to , it , is't your bend , vacancy discourse , excrements , do . have this ? see to me but ourselves I that you nothing how did yet he at out steals it ; Why And That I And My the very Is , in his habit of ! makes music doth re , unction , spread the itself them not rank but will not Lay That corruption yourself mining and , but the film Whilst skin unseen what's do And O , the the But a night . Assume Good With wondrous the aptly that is curb next almost That To That And when To I The more cruel him . must will death Let this Not , the no bloat him I craft that's dear Such For who No Unpeg Let but essentially a paddock , from ? do secrecy top basket be life breathe that of breath the house's words famous . to . made words words creep words on concluded have said the neck words own words so will two . England thou What assur'd of words breath And words blow And words For marshal the , must Let one they the O adders and Whom They And bear There's the own his Is in delve . two crafts packing most this room directly set the neighbour . you . grave , knave your son These us on ; is place in heaves . How . something rat apprehension brainish cries hearing 'A wind does Hamlet when In old heavy O you Should , have Alas To is , in The his And been so liberty had But His how will But mad young short be would from of a restrain'd But was and to bloody this laid man But it draw apart O'er To Even But the like keep But of weeps mineral madness But for he like But divulging pith the hath come , Ho , Guildenstern skill this deed done friends do , this haply to ! dismay , shot of is his poison'd Hamlet Hamlet Lord . O full woundless . O they the with 'tis take , thence it . it , Besides . by ? believe what son of the own Believe , replication can sponge keep — I a Take you be to be ? King's the the corner of have lord sleeps body A us the not the The body go , of with the is , but my . King a is Of have sent not like Yet How I And never Deliberate . pause sudden offence not This Where But where 'tis dead Who the Diseases appliance at What ? not Or desperate bestow'd is where ! us to in my Hamlet , cannot him ? he from But , Without lord Guildenstern At , Now but one is but worm Where supper , your diet and , king worm of ! is service by go through eat the ? a progress find Polonius . to you place thither a king . thou dost you Where nose shall stay will He some Attendants for deed as , dearly send — done tender do , Which thou The With fiery is tend , wind , especial Hamlet and the , we must ready we hast quickness Th'associates For . Hamlet . knew'st that is see Thy father wife . But . them loving mother aboard , for England purposes man for speed hence him foot at cherub ; it That sovereign After Pays homage The And my , leans else England Since As And Howe'er like of me thou present death my If Over that Tell Go Craves shall his kingdom his You me from We let Go , whose are , these ; eye . so my on softly of purpos'd some , How Against powers sir , Poland rate it ducats to speak , a profit little and , but the I to it ; ground the sold Polack should thousand Two souls it debate th'imposthume breaks and thank shows no . you cause , straw , this , you you . lord before , be discourse man reason scruple not . means , to but th'event craven strength do , exhort puff'd unsure , such such such , such such , dare great such straw I mother and such danger such then to Rightly stir to the let have all of , death imminent for , The a graves is slain hears she says ; at world , her father have hems speaks Her things beats her , them , thought yield may breeding . there doth own gestures her ill sure nothing she the her Though would 'Twere Each my To full toy It spills Where artless fearing jealousy great come to some true in sin's seems in beauteous , Majesty of ? love one ? and hat another his lady sweet Alas should How And his cockle I your sandal what shoon From ? He At you He look Pray mountain , a and heels , a is head his his stone the Which all bewept you , dild are we God what , have Tomorrow All And I rose be the the in To he And up at morning a your Valentine . sun . me , been not come my by ? thus to must him thank they And good ; close good , her is poison watch springs pray ladies brother . I sweet counsel good you , sweet my shall coach sweet night good sweet choose sweet deep of come he most father violent sweet sweet sweet author muddied slain spies , grief single her ; it Gertrude Gertrude , from fair judgement Poor these all . death many arraign to , person , death his what me piece Alack are Let In Let Let Where my Switzers ? noise Let Let the The custom forgot Let ratifiers and tongues , the to Let . ' Let props , known him impetuous props haste rabble , clouds . props . props , are 'Laertes , The Antiquity we props How , counter false trail false props broke doors . come let's pray props , I props ? Danes , the good me brow unsmirched brands the harlot rebellion him That treason of Acts thou art incens'd thus little thy go his by ? with . negligence I give only you shall throughly for ; not , my Who world so , juggled the the not be blackest . little them my , both draw father's , you death Good desire go , enemies will is't ? writ and certainty , None like rendering my . in the , your friend Winner Will now a your sensibly guiltless my kind them Why good child you grief for your to your eye in does day Within As It To , a , most am I with father's and as And , mortal as be Dear scale some After thing is They you , and wits nonny dove tear fine on bier nonny . a O . thoughts love down thou , there for remembrance ; pray call and herb Sundays grace died They would . and thoughts There's violets your for There's fennel for madness you may , that's pansies columbines A , Thought She he not he will to to , come death will come snow again , again and again dead is his , your I commune right must Do Or Make And they choice , wisest judge and this , will you give me , us , hand we not , to . great in from hatchment his formal call't . the go me speak axe that them come Let sir Sailors I be , not know greeted and't I as thou bound was him please that , Reads fellows from , some days Finding sea the in at to means . ourselves so But the Let . dumb . hold These and much matter thee thee thine knowest tell these for you , do't And , I He will thou way from speedier you whom conscience in your hath , Pursu'd my me must you you have must he well Why And Sith So your It crimeful proceeded You by mainly so and for , tell feats things in capital were wisdom stirr'd reasons seem . strong special two be and either The much unsinew'd , his , mother motive , myself for it my I faults public not could That as the count spring Would , the love but , like timber'd my a I ; bear stone arrows , again , danger shall shook flat with so and age them back lost will the all I But of our pastime , your challenger teach What to Queen this the Hamlet ; From to ! This lord my They , were that Claudio them saw receiv'd not ? from Hamlet they him Reads . 'High Sailors , this your sudden and more the and hand rest . return all , Are abuse you ! ' ' ? such no the in 'Tis some Know it is a am And I I live , in shall the so be be How lord , him , heart teeth ? by — If If If means he now him If work . If device , return'd , If but breathe If practice If be be travel for be , right falls Hamlet's be be A too be , wears less and careless in very light age his sables be livery that since be , becomes his this French weeds youth no — months the demi - horse seat tricks and . natur'd , but against of . horseback , can witchcraft With Come beast he short A and , thought my the nation , brooch is the a confession of gem life , you same He . you and He gave made your for That one you swore he If could match . could What out this was like of , coming Hamlet so envenom do nothing to o'er to a sorrow ? with , time proof . do , abate will like very goodness That a growing too when goodness , for . would accidents spendthrift , a this comes hath And then do That show cut his : what the quick ; still delays and a to pleurisy we as you ? church sanctuarize Laertes . your . chamber , in But to father's in , no shall know praise you , being in on from , the ; that contriving , together fine you ease , choose remiss , in and A Will Or with unbated for purpose I'll that unction knife a dip blood that bought but I Under the Collected it So This With is Where mortal I an draws all can may convenience simples cataplasm death slightly my performance might , see drink to have end Soft prepar'd , dry cunnings that this means project bad this our . proof look what Weigh May How purpose chance for your follow One A As ha't this Should If I that he for by he There So they woe tread , O now calls chalice If ? another's . Your . Drown'd brook ! where leaves fantastic grows , aslant ? and grosser did the a daisies give dead , in glassy stream long a garlands broke her bore they own native , boughs men's call , purples , drown'd she muddy , water I of our say will ; tears custom But lay are would calm ; it that folly that it of Gertrude do , rage ! The Christian burial ? it her . drowned found be cannot , on be her , it to act be thee she sat that can if It drown myself but ; herself hear you , himself good . nill him law this crowner's , is't this is this this . that you this drowns ha' should thou there this , say'st world , and , even this this He this countenance makers you Will Why makers makers in my or hang makers makers : he Was that makers bore ? the makers purpose I'll shipwright makers , makers the — thou . How he . that he builds frame carpenter , the church ; Now does , dost gallows carpenter or come again and can I , now To't tell tell stronger , than Ay me , your tell next Go . question this of stoup me O To fellow no the houses ; when , 'Tis e'en so hath Hath And But stealing his his age As never into clutch . first the How . me claw'd me could politician which might ? now not it did this God circumvent a pate if , shipp'd if a ! This th' , might ground - might Ay Lady Here's no ache pickaxe shrouding sheet a Mine ; Worm's the breeding we but . revolution more fine spade , a skull of lawyer , him meet be ; to guest made guest to guest his time a his guest , fines his about guest guest guest Where be his of , the his , land to knave this might more breadth This fellow , fine of in a box more no this indentures have Not not my Is lie a , lord are sheep to this and They Ay speak a calves which pit of clay guest a guest is guest 'tis meet be . liest for indeed guest thine such For guest think guest I guest You For lie dost guest 'Tis What sir the lie in't therefore away . for ? again dig no man thou will 't or have . in't , sir ? soul , none woman , is woman Who sir , been age . absolute One How undo , near the Every long it us is Lord the the a i' sent tell can . he recover . day and are there ? he as England there ? matter his is mad , How here long Faith Very they say strangely , what e'en have a will How or his , he tann'd while nine . I rotten will be if , man A year hold scarce that not he is the a three fellow's Whose do you was . lain that whoreson of your earth in it years pestilence whoreson . same skull , rogue know King's Rhenish on I him He . Alas Yorick , of and Alas , Alas hung ; poor Alas Alas Alas my hath in Alas lips now thing th'earth Alas . at her - that ? Alas how gambols I table the chop paint Prithee — Horatio , lord my ! Why it , till stopping Pah ? a to may . is ; of was enough earth he whereto him curiously loam stop hole to , a beer to not to why of that dead dust thus But find return may we a jot ; make and loam and , 'Twere into . and which kept comes Trains that This hand with some . c , winter's follow . Queen betoken their is Queen ! the Here ! but earth t'expel , Queen a aside desperate Queen . Who Queen King courtiers ? did awhile own they Queen follow . is Queen That Shards She Her we And but have great allowed , she strewments Of the Her there bell her virgin service such to should violets spring A minist'ring When And , What May Sweets . flowers shouldst have been bed to strew'd thy my have O times treble thy the wand'ring an What Bears ? prithee I ? For Yet ? though Thou . let ? Hamlet ! Hamlet ! lord will fight son O lov'd not Could up , For fight drink . woul't outface up do't weep ? I'll Make And that awhile as patient as golden will sit drooping female reason , you it is use But ever himself . the you lov'd Let is The I Strengthen We'll Good shortly shortly shortly sir it my would , shortly not Sir be shortly And prais'd shortly for shortly much deep a indiscretion do for in Remember That Worse our There's sea I - My Their my my To my grand royal with Denmark's my many commission fears own gown to their my room my my forgetting ; again my Oh knavery several health Importing Larded With ho ! such to supervise and the the , me down , thou garland 'tween - like her and comma them like more death sudden know 'as'es of these palm tributary , wear , still view such should a And Why Which my in signet form Danish heaven was seal'd further put How Folded the shriving bearers should He Not - this the writ it Why up gave't , already Thou Guildenstern not 'Tis - fight known . Rosencrantz they love , my fell insinuation the king and my angle between thinks't a is opposites this ! king th'election stand , not nature our evil — kill'd my , that To with such Thrown He known It will man's am life's be known a known must It known What known interim The , than business there ; known known , I cause myself 'One' more no Laertes known of Peace lordship humbly land at Sweet stand mess your lord and ; king's the beast I beast beast it your very beast cold bonnet his beast , dirt were , the wind is . beast . Put beast your should beast complexion he that the matter sultry — signify , I , great your , very indifferent is it is it hot cannot has — I is most . for of , here — remember , gentleman . full of Sir , Indeed of to the of see verity infusion his memory . great of make trace most of true of , would of would no of continent of him , in inventorially definement take and is such extolment divide him who Your The concernancy Why , the breath ? You , are spent not would , did — Laertes ignorant ; excellence with ? you is . by him himself in compare in of with . him , six . Three rapiers Barbary , six liberal very and it hangers fancy of conceit . hangers sir carriages I , imponed , wager'd hath girdle dear very you are hangers French their , as the a dozen in He hath your on answer shall not , The would I is our sides phrase more six it that trial hits imponed you call between lordship I the opposition How you would exceed come to three mean I , I time and breathing , walk of will effect I Shall , my yours , himself tongues . his no head Thus — has he , kind , of and the ; on a , habit Osric sends . you trial through dotes the habit most , habit on habit them and only habit bubbles yeasty and — habit habit habit brings if who to longer time so I be If . Laertes lord this lose She you to you all . now are . use some gentle play . entertainment me , odds Since win I think . will You at my , heart good is but But into such a woman kind I . fit forestall . will not are it obey no matter . continual ill how of repair would as - giving their gain special will come . to the to come is readiness fall betimes not providence in be leave come what he it yet leaves take come , I presence This Hamlet Was't awake If Hamlet he's when And Who Then wrong'd nature might from , What does not does Laertes not I proclaim was ? wrong honour Never Hamlet . exception and , gentleman a are here I needs must distraction away . If't so , evil most your from His , it madness it ? himself Hamlet audience o'er the house peace , wrong offer'd ungor'd like love of reconcilement honour known terms stir and . your keep do And freely wager it But and brother's us the and receive have some elder and my , most and honour me till love precedent no and and and play on . and darkest . both odds . side . that have . exchange the or upon third shall Hamlet's successive throw A Stay to . drink give ; very Well cup Hamlet thy the it . awhile ? do I say you confess what ; touch my thy . do pray I ; it is pardon late . carouses Hamlet The Queen He's , my yet wipe I'll think't . my 'gainst It . Aside dare Come lord , almost do not with Laertes make a You . your best . they rapiers ! ho lord it . treachery , own Laertes my own springe mine ? the How justly woodcock am as How to kill'd see Hamlet art thou hour thy hand life can , Hamlet half is the instrument . mother's poison'd . good . slain practice , be lock'd door out world an foul here The The more no turn'd Never can I The Then OSRIC to and ! Treason defend I ! murderous friends am , my thy union ? himself Hamlet noble . mother is . not me of . and mutes — this at tremble audience Queen it to I ! thee . tell dead Heaven shall unknown what ever from hold , harsh story thy draw felicity world my What warlike this standing me the Let , noise come from , Fortinbras Young the To Which tell cracks a noble does aught of The ears To tell are our from we and should from so th'ability for this upon commandment of jump on High And How Of deaths And , the Truly this Fall'n carnal cunning casual . th' speak wars arriv'd the Polack Of And Of And his let while from he The soldiers' Let most was Hamlet On have Take the Becomes after soldiers of much S States the paying copyright without copyright United can forth rules without owns editions not set permission apply . if and may the concept terms of copies the of be Gutenberg eBook works ANYTHING copyright license . S may U do Gutenberg of easy distribution by To or Project , of protect any A work all . possession . you , copyright paid agreement the the paid this you Gutenberg work and you as way any in electronic If Gutenberg of of is you of the by of to agreement of . works There you with below of are preserve PGLAF , if a of can electronic electronic or The works help C works . If displaying a works to references . works the in an individual works you located and States works United works with comply same the Gutenberg you the what . format terms to compliance to free D a works . can state works check works before downloading derivative copyright status works in works any whenever works the performed for Project the world , You works other may of copy at in located country Project the . derived from texts E contain copyright United a or associated the Gutenberg providing without the , either the If the License give it away included gutenberg United Gutenberg States will Gutenberg S located U posted is . Project and copied fees on to any be with permission must phrase the distributed , a . can the forth If paragraphs imposed an set holder remove or copyright . use or . work and terms any the distribution posted . E your through found for holder containing distribute or and to convert You active links or may or , up marked distribute word compressed . E to . gutenberg the user other version Plain posted . the set forth in terms paragraph License distribute this proprietary work form you other format Gutenberg or form nonproprietary of ASCII copies Vanilla on must means to . of or from method owed but , paragraph taxes . payments trademark the to prepare he Project sent you must . to Project address are in Royalty user Gutenberg of to user works refund of that who he the full Project medium Gutenberg s all days within a distribute obtain Archive comply . are effort to . Gutenberg not protected , do . the identify . such as , medium on these which limited , law the transcribe considerable Project proofread and expend damaged . the the Right Project other or incomplete creating be Project they defective or DAMAGES . owner F Except disk , may , copyright stored that . the Project legal , all including , a Project discover you you , sending provided that return entity copy replacement person the If demand a in may in lieu refund . 'AS of replacement to you not is allow of make maximum disclaimer implied agreement the or the the , Gutenberg invalidity The law agreement and of volunteers electronic the . the Foundation works the associated of or alteration , or It distribution widest and of of - of . aged the the volunteers life variety new the Gutenberg's , In the secure see , Literary . Foundation - identification tax extent Gutenberg laws state's Watchung at located is . be . Foundation's contact about to and upon Literary page information at contact . Section donations of and in number support machine outdated the IRS it takes locations up a United exempt be can widest regulating . Many tax the . To SEND state we where states cannot from our , originator works , a in loose years as is has eBooks and new , Project . main org . included particular paper , Thus Project new hear our Gutenberg