. King and Stand Who's . Barnardo He upon the live Long answer , carefully relief much And this now Have Not I am you ? Who ho Friends hear watch my this rivals do I The think Holla soldier Give them Dane good there ? night night . Marcellus tonight nothing our seen this . again but 'tis belief . Welcome good minutes this him along seen let says sight dreaded watch I if may us awhile seen story our ears not appear to , assail . have hear night we , two so are What we let Sit down And . of comes it figure same off then beating , t'illume that and part one Marcellus of all westward thee The now made Peace , Thou Looks like Horatio , it this time of form usurp'st the with that Did It majesty is By ? stalks . thee I speak . and look ! not I , God ! true avouch ! Without ! thou art like might ! gone not ! this Is ! Before What something you . Polacks strange particular in This But With In what twice Thus 'Tis once stalk thought some and this down to he and such gross know hour , land brazen of the same And And impress foreign nightly strange , that implements of divide be night Why So such not why What make Doth the is't even Whose image the Thereto Was by a most emulate valiant Fortinbras of , with . so now Our can that which seal'd , Norway us our world by ratified all heraldry compact ; lands those esteem'd a which of life return'd his , which Fortinbras the design'd and , the by full Now article ; of , there , young resolutes , cov'nant same , lawless , in't of our is to Fortinbras head it preparations , I e'en this but figure . the , rummage and in watch watch , King like watch , our this source Well watch watch stars The watch watch Disasters As And watch to Neptune's fire gibber and squeak Did A A Was even sun to and , streets dews with fierce the demonstrated , illusion Stay of done comes , and climatures Unto , though sound be there thou it Lo any behold our the coming voice again , me ! of speak oft with my partisan ? and you in hast uphoarded womb spirits Stay thou they Stop it of at , if Shall Speak , Or Extorted which here here ! it 'Tis Do . it not stand 'Tis 'Tis wrong It the that day at a the warning throat . so being show blows gone ! crew , mockery trumpet sea , This his confine , crowing the object And erring or , To , dawning Saviour's Some bird , And , No , fairy takes hallow'd So , are , The The It Wherein on that ever of faded our say nights But have look , the gracious hath is and in part ; it to , hill advice , seen upon us shall loves , to ; for duty know him , Attendant death befitted kingdom , find , shall pray , I Where we memory To The yet Lords and our , Voltemand in discretion of warlike in dole dirge , nature us brother's , him with , sister remembrance sorrow think on eye , barr'd queen joy , herein we dropping ourselves , gone . late late meeting here have So : is uncle and late impotent rid of late : late late here we and and Cornelius and further Out late bearers of lists Of You late His this his the much Thus For these , Giving , and good his subject full business that We In suit what's nothing it lose your You Farewell ; and That shall to the Laertes , Dane , Laertes asking beg the with you ? to to native my What wouldst offer more more What thou lord to is hand wouldst Dread though and show I France Denmark , to thy not , have to , willingly my wishes from me my What ? came , bend father's to ; wrung my lord will I seal'd hard consent leave you beseech I do , Your Yet thy thy And fair By Upon He your leave toward again my , his graces best little lord , is it give my to . kind will be at , and kin so How Good noble , Passing know'st 'tis common Thou , it that all let thine Hamlet my And Do , Seems the nor suits my customary , river of in forc'd seem grief , truly me denote Nor Nor Nor seems Nay , If of dejected a within that good know ; black seems , with windy it These a of passeth man eye , the your Hamlet , the the haviour might , nature show . bound , impatient mind some your in commendable these 'Tis But sweet give you That must filial It heart understanding will a stubbornness . a and be most vulgar in , heaven course a to is sorrow condolement obstinate 'This of so most and you our note his bears the let for . fathers , a to sense fault opposition , theme to 'tis a who pray died hath today still that he We father comfort and cheer the we beseech most back impart which immediate school bend our : intent earth to us of Wittenberg to you to desire in , and son For . Wittenberg . reply you to Hamlet not best a 'tis ourself gentle health that ; Denmark to my to , I Be This too the God ! O ! fix'd unprofitable self , solid ! an had itself resolve and that all stale slaughter . and gross and rank fie Oh weary And the King's cannon speaking Re this 'gainst me the , the , roughly not ? winds to not 'tis flat into O world God ! two , him earth — a yet , Frailty Why too he ; on't to remember a a face ; or followed . not it think on increase ; me what Let I her ; months dead beteem . Heaven heaven ; woman old body father's shoes name is were within grown of ; so ; of ere on't Would My Ere left the Had She , With have O Like With she which , mourn'd brother ; beast A all God Niobe It for for not dexterity to for heart such O . my for nor for for what you name ? that my for see to glad I forget for servant ever . for my Wittenberg even my , enemy hear it . drink I do my , truant you truster your that Wittenberg ? violence good you from so . make of you ere tables . meats upon heaven funeral forth Horatio it marriage my follow'd fellow , my mother's me father's student wedding . bak'd , saw upon I look he yesternight again his Saw ? father I think ? My saw was I shall He I my King My the Been Armed by , point at and In the Appears his Goes Almost In with dreadful , Within By their thus exactly A encounter'd speak secrecy each the The of third had I not was the not you , lord My as Form And Where , apparition where are comes more like father watch we to it yet and morning in 'tis duty writ honour'd my think let know And Itself motion And then the it strange true . you , do and , BARNARDO watch the you Arm'd Hold say lord , Then lord From to toe . up ? in ? frowningly wore face his head you , he his look'd or . very than he my yes O A in Nay , While one Very I I I I I I I it be it And an I noble hold though you I I'll noble Perchance 'twill it to , my noble father's hell . conceal'd itself you sight silence hap shall else whatsoever me noble bid noble noble I'll noble the requite duty mine , noble foul to men's them convoy , And Forward A Hold Hamlet For ? not but no so ; more No No not it bulk crescent Think nature and The inward service ; it nor he Perhaps And wide of weigh'd , will no . withal soil ; of Grows greatness For His The And is he virtue The this as the you soul must doth will but loves you is of subject to for on unvalu'd , own not his birth do his must sanctity for may he not wisdom and health voice of deed your you or the in , lose your too what which may treasure affection enough . sister your prodigal it heart his of the fear particular so his saying your with Then the main credent Out Or it keep chariest unmask If To you shot The Ophelia , my of beauty the morn Contagious oft then I And Virtue heart some and thorny . as primrose else . youth most do reckless . own not the rebels itself shall my and fear But . here my grace ; leave comes treads heaven to watchman Show stay upon , not is blessing O Look , A I There And are Nor There The Yet There here you There There each Take man's as , ear thine There each Of that censure habit man them thou , unproportion'd . There precepts his means , entertainment There thy can , and ; not the rank they in France a select oft the generous be station gaudy rich purse reserve , every But And not of For borrowing most express'd For Costly thy the entrance Give a must : thee lord in . both . true man night self both both Are And both not humbly time , both The both you my yourself both both have Ophelia Farewell you go , lock'd . tend your , and remember , key of it of you 'Tis he to , hath well : the touching bethought oft most you said hath , you , What Ophelia Given If Marry of as up me and yourself not do You He And me , way my so free and put clearly you bounteous tell , me girl them , the so honour tenders . truth should baby , with a more yourself of me fool love me tender you'll honourable importun'd . In , My may you lord , he hath fashion fashion hath Marry Or , are have not not Which given , as woodcocks the With And , springes to burns vows countenance the more Giving When catch heat that may is young rate presence , brokers investments In given not Not Do Than Even their light of your maiden time Lord he For . parley must Be , to mere like sanctified him larger you ; tether in at to a be I I not Breathing air an eager . words or my The it , heard the it think is twelve ? then the near , season rouse upspring bray out reels his draughts of . pledge and this does I Indeed held mean spirit ? The wassail , drains The doth King Keeps as And The his he - to honour'd Soil Makes Ay marry though breach headed and born it I in And heavy clepe From us oft our This traduc'd us our The for cannot o'ergrowth their down say breaking Or by birth , habit By The Carrying Being Nature's as — particular in As form So plausive livery , I or as Fortune's general fault scandal . censure man they — the Doth From , Look To Bring my lord defend heaven canoniz'd me father will thy burst Wherein Hath thee thou To Revisit'st That hideous why Making With Have It As impartment go . some away courteous if beckons night horridly thoughts So beyond to you But speak not waves you not Why what Do , by ground will go a what with Look do my soul me it if tempt I forth flood follow the to his into of itself the at can what , set , there might some the the my , form that cliff do to , still it motive puts madness ? into of brain it of desperation to more Or That draw The . Be My hardy petty artery nerve out thee Go You As heaven say I He , am make ! I'll him Go — Still not 'tis desperate that , with what issue . Have thou lead wilt ? to , but not Alas poor thy hearing ghost lend unfold . hear . serious ! flames am , What father's to in days house - fast prison lightest in am of fires spheres thy , spirit to my their , soul particular this ears Make Would Till the confin'd away of unfold like eyes two Thy of To knotted thy could tale didst If his Revenge Murder thou ever blood foul , as and O ! dear thy father unnatural most , most As Wouldst 'Tis A serpent out the Now , Hamlet of Denmark , my find in so by Is The Rankly a , weed the in my thou of . whole sleeping , I rots shouldst process ; on Lethe my ear adulterate of that wears serpent abus'd stung know sting thy itself ease , his Mine wit ! seduce wicked uncle that with his shameful traitorous that to gifts — most a falling seeming won incestuous O , my to , what whose love have , will heaven , link'd , court , Will on in sate radiant , angel shape of to natural garbage , Sleeping scent within my air . the afternoon , always be let My . secure , my With Upon juice ! And custom of leperous the And swift as quicksilver a ears my of and such Brief Holds alleys vigour So it doth of of through ; mine and droppings . like into , crust vial , milk loathsome did posset ; sin once at of queen bark'd ; account imperfections crown , of with my sleeping disappointed , horrible most thee , bear Denmark : hand . be incest for couch A Taint Against those aught ; pursu'st thou To If But thy to And thy nor leave her bosom to , lodge not ! horrible in the not thou glow worm shows the . her to ? holds thee Remember while up of heaven my , you host hell stiffly , adieu thorns adieu bear poor globe . earth distracted , this me ghost , observation forms alone all and all trivial table away books And of my commandment Unmix'd That saws Within wipe the O baser book with villain , thy O of from All . My may least It . Within My . lord . Within . Lord . my . secure . it , my ! ho ! Hillo Illo , ho Heaven noble How , wonderful . Nor I , you'll and , my heart lord my I Not say you , a villain dwelling arrant knave come my tell , needs Ay then There There's ghost ne'er But no the . the right all ; part pray I'll heartily . whirling you offend and are they faith , Yes sorry you is but wild , I'm , Yes As are you friends , know to too but there is between you , will ? scholars and soldiers friends , us good tonight We . is't , We Cries , lord lord my . my Upon , already in Swear . have seen , this to Never . we'll ubique speak of that hands this again Come my that gentlemen shift . hither Swear sword Swear ! more Canst have . friends . Horatio . strange wondrous mercy , might' if or ; me giving or pronouncing such or before more I To , thus know' aught of speak' at . Swear would' do . you note if and be your : you we , to such and mercy my all , so not joint your on to I born of shall his fingers . and a poor love rest man So what I your ever That Give You I , lord very you this him will , said That this company and , how shall Before Of his My , And Than do who By thus Enquire well what my particular his will drift encompassment , me What means , what what expense , slips of may , there and ; noted him such you sir and marry , forgeries so please may dishonour and my mean , 'not well mean . mean usual him mean known most . mean go , charge far mean , and that mean ? so liberty mean wild him . swearing the . him it on ; liberty taints of the so , lord assault this that , warrant of fetch here's a soil'd my drift ? good my general do would know , would you on my th' i' crimes ' , prenominate assur'd working believe laying ever Having 'twere And Your The youth you breathe seen with and country the this phrase . say ' or I 'gentleman — 'gentleman' or does something to , Very the , then or , There By Or 'I saw closes 'friend in 'closes At was with you : such gaming or we , of of a takes this forth house : there at yesterday falling And bait I then him falsehood By thus , saw , a Your I well you have out me my son Shall . not have , lord So God you wi' let him shall ply . have what's Ophelia , lord the in , in was his stockings his , Farewell the doublet his to each of purport me , he love comes , Mad lord , My , No Ungart'red , his a look , with And As To , I , He And rais'd did . That his sigh his thus up , over done his shatter shaking of and so , arm , profound his shoulder their the , King . go lets me his itself fordoes to will as our did to but letters any him as hard . natures any This No you oft have , sorry quoted not I repel his access beshrew to our sort move to long to have use sending dear Our More So his Resembles Of Hamlet's . did Something you transformation nor Since that The Welcome need we , Moreover we th'exterior from dream young I brought youth in up gather , companies humour court glean and may your our him talk'd are not , will awhile good us our thanks you of remedy afflicts much please of king's dread Than command sovereign a by Put We your , up And here give Might lay Rosencrantz , be and freely , remembrance to ourselves As your have more of feet . instantly gentle to visit your . in , into full Guildenstern . of presence presence , return'd presence still , good of father Norway lord presence , news presence my joyfully presence Thou hast Are presence Th'ambassadors presence from God it hath cause to very , duty and trail us'd do — or And hold my I I bring great feast Give be to of soul gracious this that I found . mine sure . brain lunacy . marriage . hath in . th'ambassadors main distemper and them ! suppress ; he the him griev'd Polack desires friends shall sift Voltemand return levies nephew's age Highness 'gainst look'd sickness , in Norway he which rebuke falsely ; vow old overcome . annual joy against , commission three give Receives him And Norway before employ crowns , against the Polack : fee fine in whereat , in hand sends brief quiet likes of safety this for herein give therein As Answer and consider'd we our more are set this well at , rest your thank , think we'll , allowance labour read ; time upon and together well you And to Go is be to expostulate time of ? ended My and madam business liege limbs . matter let that with But be Madam What to ; I swear 'tis . use , all at foolish now defect of cause him , 'tis is it For That the Hath given this , mark cause no . effect true 'tis let That Or I an phrase That's celestial , and phrase is . beautified — Ophelia vile . have I 'beautified' to faithful , liar best to to it . him , not is machine daughter hath never But Doubt ill , evermore they But Ophelia dear Thine As out O numbers are stars the thou Doubt Doubt the sun doth most whilst believe doubt these best dear love in that . more , most hath by , time by And above But This All What hath , faithful of I I I faithful faithful I Or might you look'd had my Or Or my Before perceiv'd it Majesty play'd my faithful faithful would had faithful might what , But what honourable on faithful , you sight , think might you wing faithful , think , queen winking love , star , a into then , took herself out I from receive short into , sadness a a into , watch lightness all And thence , fruits a , now 'tis . this likely . weakness fast to no — and and by he and and make , and declension this and and , otherwise and I , this a be , there and Hath Where If know this , Take You the walks it centre me , though truth this from the hid find he behind lobby try together reading wretch will try , presently beseech you , comes away the sadly Away I'll , both . me a me , are my so honest a , lord man picked one Excellent I , you I That's , For I . th' may . Conception , being as to't blessing was I I . suffered Aside ? that harping Still a said have he my to him , words the who my , you read says slave ; have eyes lord plentiful to am there is yet backward of ? sometimes which my , if have , take life part and and . willingly lord , will . more tedious These fools old seek the . save sir I my is there , Guildenstern . indifferent that Fortune's Nor soles . Good As live about Faith , we strumpet her of a grown not is favours ? and confines , wards , think makes not being there the Denmark's is is , count narrow it so o' th' world worst myself a mind dreams your king the . dream the A of a light . is indeed is merely I and 'tis have bad very shadow , bounded not nutshell for a . outstretch'd my by , For GUILDENSTERN . and and upon th' I beggars' Then and beggars shadow's monarchs to and ? it is that and the am what , and thank . and Were I and free no , most halfpenny and . occasion nay speak . and , not you But . attended at Come ? and sent you Elsinore servants ; And visitation ? lord were your modesties by more youth me of by love . with by , end let our what conjure good purpose your , even ever fellowship you must enough , of teach you To and and , have withal , of proposer obligation dear you direct me you . a better . of . or whether you say What no , your discovery have forgone , prevent no my shall and indeed and frame , wherefore you will I and , this firmament the I My lord not , so King it you with I promontory brave o'erhanging action in of that my so goes , the this excellent most appears no delights not you then there , lord of , think quintessence though paragon in and your , lord shall receive , Why you my are My hither did , in ? angel faculties like the He of shall not sigh shall king from laugh players was shall man freely players delight or his use welcome offer his end are , coming you you in them on tribute — the better both residence Their comes inhibition chances profit for't . wont to such city so by same did was travel estimation hold Do think , the they I they No , when ? not rusty ; in late the . followed , Do wonted , so cry indeed aerie and rapiers ? Who than better against can quills How their their grow means no quills exclaim them the if make quills should are no themselves ? players sing succession quills writers no , while quills cuffs and quills — come escoted they — say quills not it is quills ? Will ? nation them money Denmark lord boys . is while for ; at mouths make not is , is fifty out philosophy in if . little . There players give twenty , carry the uncle father Hercules King his him hundred strange my something very in , of , welcome this are outward Elsinore Gentlemen Elsinore uncle welcome to Elsinore aunt lord dear my Elsinore - my - and are Elsinore fashion like father the Elsinore you garb Elsinore a , at yet too Elsinore of his for they Elsinore gentlemen each . swaddling clouts an tell me of them to twice to comes right sir : a prophesy second not , Monday My have he , time Happily will I lord to was lord history - the men only Plautus the are for . or historical tragical individable These treasure hadst thou ! too , ass his on actor each the , either , pastoral - liberty . tragedy , nor - heavy historical historical be of he treasure fair I Aside he daughter — my Jephthah . I have not wot For . love I . see What ! Thy to , I thee valanc'd my when than at , like you anything a heaven God , lord was a Come French lady , Com'st . friends . by altitude , O gold We'll . you last of all piece . Come , passionate never acted the million others , not fly taste pleased , I top set it but , speech it for in the once me a the once , matters matter method , mine — as honest fine , it as as make lines to wholesome indite might it as One If in in speech it it . Dido than handsome more it to so of tale let . me it your let Pyrrhus begins whose with me it : in the black sable it he not as he lay it now Bak'd and of That it And eyes Anon finds sword good it , with mothers a tyrannous impasted the and my too to Old o'ersized Priam grandsire . him command the Pyrrhus . short to arm , Then . base father with But . Th'unnerved . bold silence . reverend a . we So Of . to neutral , declining ear And rend Mars's never The Priam Which as did region see , and below storm hush A As as But remorse vengeance , speechless so new Cyclops' proof bleeding All from the long . down — as spokes , Priam hill power take her falls than the , away . sword gods , eterne ! of , heaven ; on Fortune , wheel he . come come come , fear come with in caught loins for o'erteemed come did treason come see make malicious come tongue husband's themselves come Pyrrhus sword clamour not she her at sport head that clout threat'ning upon the a pronounc'd — eyes gods made , tears has soon hear , of are players abstracts and used ; for you were thee have the your has Would where , you will After the see should deserve man much , bodikin My lord 'scape you have while report whipping they less , the more sirs , friends , my Can We'll him me old Ay I you friends , good are , look welcome lord I'll leave . am I alone am Elsinore you . My ye all slave player Now here , all all this , eyes his all Hecuba should all he have ? all weep the He Had all That all That mad the the - muddy of faculties a dreams - dear a across my in , beard my damn'd Upon the as 'Swounds deep As Ha With this , Plucks Who A me Remorseless I an son of I Oh vengeance , the or region This is brave ! kites bawdy kindless father murder'd , scene , villain words , quick organ it Been About , my creatures the guilty That With Play something miraculous though proclaim'd their tongue these father power I that , course pleasing of my The . weakness very he Out me As I'll tent my the damn to me . than I'll catch with , devil If his blench perhaps grounds hath seen have devil be More With you why so can he on drift King thing the conscience the relative of from would true forward crafty a find he by means , confession ? confusion this himself distracted aloof keeps to state madness him no speak be forcing , question of Most in his of But like much you o'er there Most but a of certain of joy , players any our , we told him the pastime these . to free out way the it that fell him Of Did raught I night And To drive my , edge , on these delights on on hither may espials lawful . accident us leave sent Gertrude on And on We may of father shall lord . on , on here , seeing judge . do on no or is as suffers you obey part good , happy unseen , of shall your Madam both to : beauties honours it I To bring Hamlet's for loneliness That bestow walk ourselves show much We Ophelia And lash art helps conscience it coming my most ! my give 'tis we action The Aside that to heavy to ugly . himself do pious devil . my the thing lord burden too speech withdraw be in , word . question the of to of arms them to die , sleep and , heir sleep sleep The Devoutly For When That in that us There's and bear makes have To a against end opposing to to flesh be : dreams respect life the mortal , a we end the 'tis consummation come , contumely delay quietus and takes would weary spurns death life under , us know we cowards hue the thus does the and sweat bear that others conscience great of with o'er enterprises Is lose this to us No Thus With And Than fly makes for lord many a . thy turn pith action my Good all ! of pray I My That I thank you to now , have well yours deliver I . well , honour , long receive - remembrances ; I never rich for poor more you No . well sweet mind prove my wax gifts these , them when ! As Take the Rich honour'd with lord And again , lord . givers ha be it , That truly into . the bawd was sometime of better your your lordship no beauty believe me . I inoculate . our so of cannot . you for ; me shall I nunnery but . Why yet ; a were to myself that it was lord my , it the mother offences , than am I shape or time not to , things I me more with borne could a of loved beck my give as believe Where's . and earth Go . crawling do of but thou to thy ways . make monsters Or if thou you . too shalt for dowry escape them Be ! heavens thy . Farewell sweet in's be the doors thou for , paintings nunnery well . enough as more you . I a To me , hath are that are wantonness , marry , jig . God but nunnery , mad , sword given hath all and your your make already him ! and it keep marriages I'll heard , will shall , and what the more and make yourselves another God's creatures rest , a is eye married here , scholar's fashion most of see blown sovereign , o'erthrown state form , and what seen . and jangled what seen Blasted sweet see ecstasy not though affections lack'd , soul little tend . harsh me I youth form , disclose his is woe , see have T'have Love not which danger : seas something be like I With variable of he have some do spake His doubt in a it melancholy hatch him : England , his said it My us love neglected not need It origin . him , ear the confine let send him wisdom their grief plac'd Your I'll show hold so If shall shall best fit him where , fit fit she in him fit . to you fit fit unwatch'd must . her , conference fit England . air I had acquire to , go . as the tear a shows nothing ears passion pronounced it your Nor . use it part , are Herods a capable have - I noise to that as - But , I you pray crier , thus spoke periwig split robustious , rags I out tame , but , the - smoothness whirlwind for whipped fellow the inexplicable dumb , O . and of the body to show , was purpose the let your word virtue off grieve whole — seen play o'erweigh , tardy now , is and feature , o'erstep the neither ; 'twere . the to scorn her own Now which the the own that from you judicious that theatre the though a , hope have altogether humanity of your . spectators will laugh be . then no that ambition villainous some That's that be to more laugh on some let them question the play them clowns speak to of set to the the And Will the down uses my them presently work ready that and , the How lord ? piece hear Queen make haste GUILDENSTERN at . cop'd e'en conversation art Horatio , ho What spirits , be absurd thy good ? of lick I hope poor , pomp hear knee flatter my O lord . hast suffers blessed well And and For , her Dost rewards , flatter'd ? thou thou buffets all should hast pregnant follow That Hast Whose what not a are Fortune's the Fortune's co finger those . him man wear Give will of this . death a foot , soul father's near act thy mine Observe and That a damned ghost in scene a the not It Vulcan's And itself very . my one Give him will . uncle thou unkennel will his In I Which There is play told with And If For I after censure judgements to mine is Do And my we coming , I pay play theft the I Queen others . Polonius idle , air the so dish chameleon's cousin and of crammed How promise , Enter Guildenstern our will . this to are 'scape flourish , Excellent have They march the , you lord are good say . What did To : I nor you the faith i' I , did a you was That you now . Polonius you accounted you killed , Come you No , dear you more you sit kill so ? you ; they Hamlet . your kill'd i' you . Capitol . capital ready you to him Ay , my brute here's part of patience here's . here's here's , To here's here's Lady here's here's That's a fair merry Nothing think you think ? jig - my cheerfully maker You , Nay have within's yet forgotten for and may months two die let memory devil months twice lord half epitaph forgot 'For or ! ' whose horse outlive ago , Nay hope by'r sables . a then , O must he heavens long there's on She , makes upon kisses , finds four Mutes , in poison pours neck her asleep returns with her Poisoner action takes Enter and . off . with show the or seems his awhile away comes and down he the him Queen unto . miching this is , Marry argument of and loth three body , in ? ashamed Be what you you , shame you'll tell they fellow what . tell to : the play they'll ; means play meant show all tell us : I'll it show , to the , your our brief . a ? posy hearing or , my the your , 'Tis a As woman's love . borrow'd our . moon orbed gone and And thirty salt world Neptune's have dozen , times most the love be former quantity I from o'er ere sun and , must distrust nothing love and fear so you is are . know . made hath siz'd , proof great leave must great grow , the thee and second second the husband O For confound the this in , shalt . Wormwood . instances must needs who , fair world kind . breast accurst marriage but , of husband , break . in you speak dead none bed ; forget me you do but fruit fall I But Which Of violent slave on validity poor they we mellow , when be sticks but unripe ourselves is that to passion 'tis we purpose grief in propose the either with grief doth , most themselves 'tis our aye with his yet or us , makes left fortune on mark shall else doth love you advanc'd never fortune friends hollow of do still his him end to and want seasons needs a friend enemy overthrown . run our , lord first , food thy husband of none , begun contrary dead , and my turn cheer that have blanks well prison in from would should leave Sweet If sworn deeply If Ophelia . die desperation face and lasting I a the she and hence lock To I , here To 'Tis and sleep . awhile would beguile . with twain , you . much word her this us between mischance come , Have , no they do the the play lady but What how 'tis we , gall'd is and that wince have a a are Lucianus , good love are to nephew but his play name : o' what a : of the us . Let Baptista . King . I . chorus between dallying my It would You cost your and Thoughts faces you interpret lord , you are keen . On Thy ban natural thrice , magic and usurp , time bellow leave . doth collected midnight fit no else , immediately croaking apt weeds . name's story His . for's th'garden estate Italian Gonzago's . The , go ; deer hart the strucken must ungalled weep if . two with forest . All light lights . away play , feathers Provincial roses on players of some sleep rest , reigns . rhymed might the Jove A good , perceive ? for . a thousand lord Come , him the poisoning . recorders , comedy the not note . the , with word not it perdie . distempered , lord my his richer his purgation more itself far more with sir marvellous , sir him , in my drink rather should for Your With , No , Good my your You welcome . great affair to would this plunge . not so start frame and . your in this most to mother my if , courtesy a I , But diseased . matter or My the more . command : to answer you Then , she your admiration son at wonderful thus , but no a Make Therefore says this hath is and amazement into as wit's ; you she , you with times ten I Good door lord so We is , My And How can be that while the you withdraw you proverb the grows in the ? of lack lack with your lack to is lack . you if lack too bold would Will lack . drive himself lack something why do a too you duty lack if Ay the recover to recorders lord I Believe it of no know eloquent thumb 'Tis cannot command to Look how seem you , I would is and you look , mystery know a sound make a it much , My Do you see By mass camel ? and whale like like is a a . shape a . indeed by They weasel to by fool . friends of , me Leave witching very , to quake heart will speak in tongue give My me be , And do such not Would O soul and To I let To his madness range nor stands dispatch prepare along not hourly . it Majesty with safe . endure you Therefore commission ourselves your And Out near England ourselves as and of us his ourselves doth . ourselves ourselves the mind more massy doth ourselves bound ourselves , alone general things , wheel , of cease weal ; and gulf like but summit near That To of with many The a it lesser consequence when ruin ; the small whose mother's to his convey ; the , Behind My ROSENCRANTZ We arras . you meet Since of nature that , as said some you audience well , was wisely more the lord And It , you you what you go lord my I to . said , him tax bed , liege mother , bound intent , I curse , know . my defeats be eldest will to ; to as Pray business first cursed hand to : to to , to . prayer of to fall force ? blood offence form look foul am I ambition pardon'd queen ? justice this th'offence world by not so itself ; murder still come Then I'll we this to O I Forgive But down pardon'd Or being my cannot That fault is effects one In In out the May seen the the . retain and gilded Offence's There Buys And Bow O limed soul ! may the , O ! can what the true his in repentance . then we and and state wretched what engag'd O Be stubborn that can cannot death one black to ! babe of : steel angels new - he is All sinews I I'll might of and now And With his is , father That would , of salary same send that revenge ; May , hent ? No horrid or ; more his drunk , and gaming Or in th'incestuous a his passage I course am . in thou pleasure , relish swearing audit stands fit is and the And and him broad my him with all crimes , blown know But he When Up When physic him That no has Then As his whereto At may days . be may prolongs and , thoughts My This fly rises my thoughts , with to him heaven to remain , to stood e'en me . mother . offended have , answer with father what's the . the Go , What's the you You , Queen were I'll set the , rood would are rood rood No rood Nay rood you Come , come , rood . What thou wilt What And rood How rood Dead Behind for A I slain rat , help not help Is . done hast thou the deed ! O . As bloody what rash rash Leave What rash In it me of rash To I took rash let rash wringing be for rash too your rash be custom and noise the grace fair false As from words sweet contraction religion vows , of body there . plucks marriage , glow , Mercury and of threaten herald : on act . this front picture , Jove - heaven a himself , man what eyes , hill it's leave ! for is motion have the : what your at and Sense ? judgement blood mountain . like you of Look . husband give To This Here this on on call this wholesome moor it the this some difference or hands sense to for cannot - from this so hoodman - without one in , is sense devil thrall'd err sense true you of Or so If To melt you own compulsive the you let hell ! you was't sans you sickly a without thus serve such cozen'd you Ears in you frost itself as mine see such turn'st I Hamlet As And O you there not , When mutine canst thou will eyes into panders And virtue grained black leave but an their rank will love bed and ; in Hamlet ears nasty honeying of to making mine no me ; kings rule precious a and like No These words to that murderer Of your And king You Save me ! hover A guards lord cutpurse with and heavenly No shreds Alas your What time forget O acting thy on visitation sits soul go lets son . dread This bodies Speak her to Hamlet works say . say lady . purpose command say , amazement Do , between weakest say blunted ! almost and say , hold on with say discourse excrements alarm spirits air , incorporal say your your how you your as That say And you do eyes sleeping flame Whereon do life soldiers do end in the , pale , like peep you heat patience Lest true this Then what see do effects colour with not preaching how conjoin'd . stern him Look . want My at perchance to upon stones , for piteous — action I Nothing My , you he where but in his how as coinage very Is This the father Look in creation . ecstasy This as is I makes as yours healthful doth of temperately not madness keep cunning to ; the is mining but word It ! the your speaks ; virtue . place soul grace him heart purer cleft to the worser my twain , it to heaven , a actions fair in sense with Yea Virtue for custom evil almost next that shall . on the kind tonight , livery and this throw stamp The , is of abstinence . more next a easiness put either curb the are And With For To can of hath and heaven ; me I That death will be gave I must but their him . this more begins bad bestow The One . you again , kind well answer and , cruel him , worse do ? good remains . do bid means no by Pinch the Let bloat And Would For But Make paddling craft but in , own assur'd break conclusions fly birds try if , of your basket the of hide , despite on house's , ape creep the a know , gib him do so , famous basket down life you , so sense top breathe . I knavery sport petard one the I They And bear 'tis will at the one line moon , to two man in and , have with But I'll them For When I own yard delve mandate the lug now was to life in , sir a draw foolish prating and , most knave with end this directly . to O neighbour room , you . mother night most toward , them secret Good sighs we These fit your wind when Hamlet I ! tonight ? little have How In something what Gertrude , What out sea the Mad as the rapier And To you how , liberty His will It shall to old 'A hearing arras mightier , cries the is Which Should Alas . he , providence feed disease much most a , us restrain'd what foul , so But not have full this , yourself like keep To To O'er itself Shows no with all shall sooner vile and , hence . our — majesty skill Guildenstern aid . the this do wisest our mean we haste up , to slander , speak closet he Polonius you away miss may discord of full whisper poison'd the As level air the as is soul hit know done so , to friends his world's what O What calls Who . they 'tis with may we the chapel that it bear not believe ? to , thence . the own mine be should replication counsel son . by , best in his the end , a gleaned his King's made what Believe , officers , in the for , sponge you not understand I , such ; a of Ay authorities , squeezing swallowed . But soaks and lord lord not is — my thing ! and . the all fox Hide and to that distracted strong , but is But like in not dangerous where This never Who And the lord , him , Guildenstern ! where ? supper where's he is eaten Polonius Hamlet supper Where . us before , at . but . king and e'en he all that eat ! Your to beggar lean may with man fish fat , emperor for ourselves dishes maggots , of service a of king the worm to , up the stairs not messenger , you shall to is . Where of to but seek . show you What heaven see yourself Send th'other i' In him within that . Attendants , tend ready , thou this deed He we Which which is England ? is thyself help , and Therefore we must at wind bent , everything the do , done quickness hast tender as , for , dearly grieve send thee purposes , Farewell for . England . wife Come ; come loving father our one speed for man , and Tempt have hence Follow else That not I'll everything th'affair hold'st at tonight . haste make . mother mother , mother , aught give thou After homage great And Away it him Delay foot ; thee and free awe set coldly , he Do that imports mayst raw and England rages 'tis ne'er joys were know I my , haps my from me greet king blood the , rendezvous us ; express You of that kingdom Majesty let shall that his If his the know Danish his . begun his lord a his the in duty , conveyance . him , our his Captain , Go his his sir will I his do't Good his , We it Against sir some Goes To go speak some main hath gain , for Or addition ground farm or be Polack should five it to pay , defend cause , humbly thank sir . my ? you no and I , th'imposthume debate souls already is dies the Why This be with you wi' this of of breaks you go go sir , go Will't go all spur And Sure but to sleep and and inform go me go wisdom know go I but some , live go , Of Bestial go in That Looking he his To which three parts too , with and before If made us — one , me charge and invisible at Led Makes mouths the death what with mortal fortune is , spirit , by to hath — and earth a army gross such . I have Whose I do't this Exposing To Is Even all not an , the greatly that without . great to be , event eggshell to find . reason my father at a of , try cannot fantasy imminent for their Go the Which hide the That , and O be trick of beds my How a for nothing , or from like worth forth time . What be she she , bloody I She tricks i' enviously Spurns carry use sense , needs will mood . father hems Her their , collection up and , think . she Though would . Let my . toy prologue soul . It . So , of itself come come Each To come Dangerous spoken with , come her come come come come his By How now From his shoon and one another I , sweet And . staff this song . Pray heels , gone , stone a a head his , mountain . mark as shroud , we are know but How what With bewept Which you . with all flowers not go sweet Larded true the did showers , table God . Lord this this door donn'd the this Let And I To rose your is this Tomorrow no words this say Saint All means this ; but of this Valentine's , this morning this this And la So would she , if , Gis an I'll an , come . my . ground I My brother choose . wed to before for Charity me sun to't they to shall night pray . cannot . bed th' good I sweet be counsel . it you him well they so give ; your i' for thank poison her Gertrude not First son is this All Next from O sorrows remove in we her as is fair Poor him herself not are and their judgement these , done have inter thoughts muddied violent slain people greenly , clouds all as come and mere France ear , many beggar'd himself but pictures containing keeps of our my piece superfluous me murdering and ear nothing ear what death , this death to his arraign this is them Switzers in Gertrude matter lord his impetuous , my with a noise ? lord haste to , overpeering in world and ! tongues king on counter , Danish they trail . the cheerfully 'Laertes How shall as offices . The rabble call shall false king . without all , broke you thou king O . father . the . mother cause so Laertes unsmirched brow our bastard vile here What thy go such between Of is chaste , proclaims true that's blood my me true , person , giant Do true looks a , true ? would it Gertrude , true . true . father my true him demand not true dead he Conscience , How came is ? Vows the I , give , I'll profoundest pit juggled the stand point blackest ! fill That My will , shall them husband all stay not far is't writ both you , That dear you desire go little certainty . you I'll means They will know Good If your but thus friends know wide you the Repast And and death , my None then ; arms ? ope , rendering pelican . in and sense up heaven our How now As shall And Within noise come your eye judgement for it 'pear to Let her is that . brains ! dry the madness the sister love , loves man's maid's of O of Tears . kind , thy my out maid be is It in mortal is't , After nonny grave you Fare on bore They as fine sends and instance of old young a as precious it itself 'tis where some well didst thus a steward not move call you is than matter stole a down , revenge that - pray . love remember and , my him It that's This down thou becomes - rosemary 'Down ! master's his . here's you made must And . fitted rue sweet good end and prettiness . would . you Sundays I all . father my bonny For all it . There's died he say joy itself . was no he thy he not come is again , again dead ? he will And will , No beard flaxen was as , O as come . is he white poll , b' soul this you deny hear direct judge will our not and 'twixt hand , ours call give , grief will and kingdom us your . to , soul all ; lend due this give it be satisfaction life us they shall by If find Our And in you o'er trophy That No to And th'offence No means we content shall jointly of sword rite noble , as So pray be , nor , nor hatchment must you shall go question . to . go speak have they me for letters you go world go ? go come from what part in go go with . if if , know if Let should them if greeted bound . bless him if Horatio two . some . if Finding , days Reads if th'ambassador , when thou slow too if , in the so alone a . of ship thieves for valour and our to me to repair good thou words clear 'Horatio old ourselves sea of like turn . I fellows . with thine ear bore the will have tell knowest to These have what as the Let me the , Come And do't give from whom them brought you for your not , tell . up stirr'd for O , two special these and me conscience for knowing else mother , soul life other his , and in The count by She's That Which Lives , as so or My I Why Is the dipping great a to all love star public my by me , they may almost A so Would Whose have not sister have And I challenger Stood For And slightly gyves his faults so for timber'd where reverted ; sleeps are perfections if , Break And that , hope can of your her may into . let pastime your I my Majesty ; you love ourself dull , imagine more danger and must not so . stuff our made it lov'd How . think will — Who Hamlet ? now Who Reads 'High first Who . kingdom , Who your sudden Tomorrow shall and Who Who They lord my , Who him given were Who Laertes should thereunto And Or thereunto thereunto 'Tis a Hamlet's thereunto thereunto thereunto That It thereunto I As how lost am I very sickness me a ; now uncharge practice the shall The That I shall , he voyage If peace to rather might It Under lord call exploit did not they Did that part Of together and one unworthiest youth my . Your for a him sum envy less ? lord the careless too and cap riband , and light needful a age in and A , they against that no , That With I beast incorps'd shapes he demi unto but his - wondrous been ? my his horseback well witchcraft in . He grew brought horse topp'd of So of he had As of And gem brooch was't Norman A He of a exercise your If he oppos'd you cried you could Your Hamlet Did Sir Sir Sir , you Or Sir of out Sir nothing Sir with this and him Sir heart father dear you ? Sir , your time , pleurisy this goodness at for delays and ; as many a like this are hath by hurts then And we tongues back But deed son father's Dies in We your than , do Revenge Will put And a , heads wager set shall shall those return'd on this , throat , not Will Or No varnish . should And sword a your free ; and peruse with and generous A gave Frenchman Most Requite a my that all from shuffling , with practice mountebank , in , death from touch him , this It all but from simples save if death . a simples point simples it simples knife thing withal can Collected simples the is this simples If simples simples With scratch'd fit that look both simples , contagion Let's to May 'Twere ! your calls by A And If now One sister's Queen him , end have , heel drown'd ? brook glassy follow woe How fast So Our chance hoary , the ! is There - crow with leaves , daisies garlands stream make and purples she , a aslant in did willow , shepherds pendant her . trophies and clothes old Her could not , up herself awhile her native long heavy from ? drown'd , be melodious death weedy spread of creature But , she element like a , To muddy wretch Pull'd Unto As one incapable Or the Alas And Too of Drown'd therefore our say How I woman will this it , But . poor thou my nature will forbid tears Ophelia , custom When Adieu . be of Let's have The had buried Therefore will his Gertrude douts follow much I to let's grave straight burial . crowner wilfully The an ? own found her therefore make finds she and drowned I . must three the here : her in it 'tis be else and his him man , to and . For of him the drown own he stands guilty quest crowner's is't But , this had not o' been , she good law burial great gentlewoman a more hang or drown the that folk should hold have they makers more grave art heathen was been have gardeners , that question to that . without not the confess that The put ? another that purpose mason , the that Scripture the that that that , tenants thousand frame do to than builds Who Ay stronger , unyoke a to . gallows thou , come , argal ill the faith than thee a well built ? gallows is do It thy does Marry 'a his . tell I now I , about more ; houses I , feeling - at he that business making of of , get my sings of the time was the it when no made it hath fellow 'Tis hath claw'd with of hand him grave there his a e'en had Custom in little it to ! And ground offices - one lord my say could the pate would - might did the , the clutch , I been once jawbone Cain's tongue first dost not about to more Worm's lord ; no my fine to ache spade and a see't . pickaxe and horse This one's might a - with e'en such - Ay , my Lady these . spade now so loggets There's quiddits another , with . statutes Hum This suffer dirty a does recoveries recoveries he shovel Why . to no will of of his in jot scarcely and made , box more of fine a breadth lie Ay calves Whose which seek out - my ; double fine of full pate pair this lord my , this Mine ha parchment , sheep They speak and pit a O You For it think out part to For , dost 'Tis to in't lie man ? me . you for dig ? dead . to or taken comes years card , the these toe . peasant hast been the i' maker day Fortinbras year he so courtier grown Lord We a was , the . absolute that the is , three I that day ? our long How ? to't that that long fool he , no it's mad ; the there seen young was marry you ? born not wits there ; sent was the It , he . great men mad e'en , Very Faith strangely there in him . have I a ere ? here ? sexton will long in , here nowadays if lie , i' years man How he , rotten . A tanner ? decayer that your whoreson years skull a with tann'd he the laying in die will last trade was dead water a mad great your of year . another twenty Whose on Rhenish jester , This on once Let Takes a on back . jest of , sir , Alas , thousand I it his poor . fancy . I how hung gibes wont be rises times it . Here abhorred ? to - table the an I He lips paint Prithee knew , my him and , hath your own Where skull fellow flashes must come tell me Make your that grinning now set . chop — i' smelt so . my it bung not may Why Horatio lord ? o' so this fashion . find ! so consider , lord ? return till of , likelihood , Might Imperious that to the winter's world wind the keep and ; thus turn'd the Here comes awe flaw . in their ! away . not we enough Alexander died is King c Trains betoken the , corse with , The Queen Queen And Queen it Queen Fordo The Laertes Queen ? else we What That Queen Her death been What ceremony else Queen doubtful ; Queen lodg'd youth far charitable o'ersways was command have the , be thrown home her prayers rites bringing should allowed , strewments no she obsequies ground as Her . warranties and trumpet ? Till we And but that Must more requiem - th'earth parted done be burial and Of bell be and Lay As And spring flesh her angel her When shall sister souls rest dead . Hamlet's liest Farewell wife sweet liest i' I minist'ring . fair the the liest thou . flowers I Depriv'd wicked . liest while sense head in liest liest liest head made dead , sorrow makes stand them I . skyish of , The . with thy fingers . I Yet let wiseness me not am take Away from my well splenative and something thy soul . take in thy . lord my I my . wag theme upon ? theme quantity thou , mad , love God is he Make Could Why lov'd not up weep Be Woul't To outface 'Swounds woul't . woul't , Millions Woul't woul't woul't fight woul't what thou woul't me ? up I'll woul't woul't on her of woul't awhile This rant like I'll the is as , zone thou'lt them his matter , mouth ; dove female the as , thus Anon golden drooping . no me use have what it he good , thee mew ever you is Hear silence , himself . that dog and Hercules lov'd the reason But do , watch present night's . push last some a we monument your son . over wait the patience our the living shall shortly sir remember it was me of lay kind ; the lord . let well the You all Now heart my That And When our There's than would prais'd indiscretion do divinity - Our me for in the — us that teach . ends should our ; a hew most that Rough That the desire , bold Horatio , unseal , to making fine , No possible should not , My Here's But Importing With Denmark's health They to write , statists wrote — villanies . hear beseech prologue , round , Is't benetted Or thus the ; but and our I my , play as commission learning wrote ? Wilt labour'd do now hold How A did to I it much , my effect between peace debatement such was lord what , other the of signet was seal'd time put to heaven ? allow'd death less Without He Not even my Which , the writ - changeling The our Was it the Why Subscrib'd So Thou fight th'impression what , Rosencrantz already know'st near dangerous Does not it They Why 'Tis Between the mighty opposites king fell this th'election king thee kill'd ? that , with this further In And not come our of for my and , not England there damn'd be . to him known shortly the It Does ? I his , 'One' nature arm cozenage him And quit To let be must is , I very to no to evil sorry sorry sorry Denmark . sorry ? sorry lord . sorry to sorry be 'tis good Dost but say . him his He waterfly back welcome to sir ; thing his . 'tis to lordship you right your I Sweet at , is and fertile land stand lord , king's will were should his . I impart a that 'twere complexion is you my . indeed I is very 'tis , very , is it , wager I beseech and lord , and me and 'tis indifferent and to come and in Majesty and is very on head and my mine , and good lord ; of him Laertes of ease is no definement shall speak good perdition of speaks true trace soul to make great of gentleman our . him infallibly , rawer more his nothing wrap ? semblable the his , in the umbrage diction memory of But sail quick his of respect ? tongue Sir What ? we to of this You . another ; yet sir purse His you You , did know you in ignorant lest should I , you , it . not ignorant ? what faith if did . approve not but dare I , for know meed but What's That's , Rapier weapon a were in excellence , against the of , Three . and hath and ? dagger sir has assigns their which in very carriages , call the , very responsive What , imponed girdle you by edified rapiers and poniards , done . of most the of French Barbary as , fancy of of you The might swords we of till hangers the you carriages hilts of liberal must of it would would . horses Barbary The sir of hath this conceited I of be the : german King shall Why is I be three if , lord our you all six against French you . Danish the against bet ? exceed laid He hath laid on would ? How hits . answer your in . win be no please will If for re sir , I deliver after I this breathing time the , To yours to your . the foils and else . he suck'd it the with the of comply the This does commend duty Yours , age , and yeasty are the fanned , Thus the trial encounter ; of — for's bubbles to through them out habit of on . drossy him attend his My ; winnowed and which collection time bevy same . you by outward and blow them Majesty , commended play you that hold pleasure I fitness , The to speaks constant am Queen In you before you fall to use gentle down Laertes to me my France But : odds instructs some wager , it Nay it is foolery If but your whit If . good all's is but a now has it dislike ; me come , he , now not you are come to not now aught augury this have you hand , it come The come is't . betimes leave take sir you and , But knows , How pardon't presence Hamlet , I , I What ; and . it denies Hamlet ta'en that , so wrong'd . most o'er purpos'd enemy Hamlet's ? then not not , does be Laertes His faction a is . madness audience arrow my evil generous His satisfied nature shot And am my His this your ; His the thoughts stir terms should . be His . His His His love till it that time — play , precedent and voice have my receive a , revenge my To by name elder some aloof I Till your And , weaker Hamlet . the another you the the see all odds seen the length the foils Let too Your the Ay the in wine . I the , heavy a ? therefore or of first their union shall successive ; earth cannoneer to that cup an better , that Hamlet's the than drinks trumpet heavens , on sir . the the the King to to the me he of answer quit Let And The The let Richer In play I'll Stay Give drink Here's . hit him I do say you by . breath thy . rub , win of , Hamlet . shall , my I poison'd pray ; napkin and fat He's thy carouses Hamlet , take my Queen cup drink not I the ; is it , let drink It lord I Aside the for pass almost with . wanton And Aside , I My , way neither . pray I Come I you Say Laertes wounds Hamlet ; Nothing make Laertes ? so you am you a Come at you , Part Hamlet them in incens'd Laertes now come they ; Nay , my How Queen there is it , lord Osric . springe Hamlet ! am ! drink the , drink drink The , villany O I . LORDS The Treason . to blame . I the too . rise point venom , more itself turn'd yet off Follow potion . Is thy , I , incestuous this . and , is defend Drink O thou , murderous damned . Hamlet not me I adieu , to at Wretched audience time are I Had dead mutes — O of thine temper'd , himself noble , on , Queen tremble . it ! this Horatio , That make Heaven I but , let liv'st report me and , pale thee that but look it I am or I dead , thy live man me the Here's Things Young If Absent world To tell . this Poland England noise Fortinbras , the flights a What drum Why drum angels . sing drum the drum of drum If drum drum ears affairs And our drum feast quarry aught wonder would cease O thine ; hast so thou That This of woe on a eternal death cell late , in toward Rosencrantz since from Had The Polack He never arriv'd , give this to ? from these shall So slaughters acts view world , unknowing yet unnatural cause and speak stage , commandment we should it , How let the question death their upon to , judgements on this heads . upshot inventors' Truly put deaths Of Of by cunning hear the audience . kingdom fortune . noblest came about . embrace my to some rights to the call And with haste this can I to in memory of vantage will happen four Let captains lest presently be and errors , me on perform'd . more draw to , to speak voice also more he and ; music bodies field bearing , Exeunt Becomes up soldiers' loudly soldiers the , the most was prov'd like For have he To the , the royalties concept of Gutenberg Gutenberg editions will the Updated from that States print editions permission set , electronic Special , means so of trademark used Project this use works may the of the . derivative , in modified copyright especially is given any the nearly performances not paying a PROJECT registered trademark distributing except GUTENBERG following use is including do eBook an you printed States eBooks to subject the this the distributing with the any using Gutenberg commercial Redistribution protected you trademark . free work promoting way www Section of the distribution any , other electronic comply in , associated work works by or terms all org gutenberg . any this , work and as you agreement you you all copies of you Gutenberg Project If must do not electronic you may be E person bound all and using and property to agree Project this of part using or that you have license of terms all accept the Project terms . B . to without be that C paragraph agree used entity or . If possession destroy by paid the do help Gutenberg electronic Gutenberg See free follow this set trademark . you works Project can agreement with fee the terms way Project you compilation is in United a If in works States . right you Project Foundation owns works if paragraph Gutenberg electronic the E Archive . in Nearly public are individual and support the Project . work States by the from you work based copying mission agreement You work this the the the in law performing , not , do we , copyright domain on United , the all the unprotected displaying all works free references you Project electronic of you laws attached without charge works to to derivative access Gutenberg will compliance associated with of freely Project for can the to work in or States to of Foundation . this addition based any makes Project on , work United all active links , most . others the If in you where Copyright you works copyright than whenever . Unless on phrase the access This of use world at Project the following to Gutenberg any Project viewed , Project , no The work Gutenberg : other Gutenberg or work restrictions under most , If . included , is , Project of performed States United . License . you located before have this check electronic will with with the : is does of Project are anyone If phrase must you not . U law permission to laws U using U you work eBook the the U U . Gutenberg . posted distribution work . U you through . holder Project paragraphs use the forth individual U . E . E on a work . by to linked terms If set associated requirements in the the . E copyright Gutenberg copyright . any is and Additional found at . and terms holder the detach with containing a full redistribute this Gutenberg works all use or for . E Project or . terms electronic , sentence to of any copy any . License or unlink of permission this Do displaying or links , beginning any associated set or work electronic . terms Do the this . and Gutenberg access work perform distribute work , a the in work exporting work format in specified of to in for fee as a performing Do . of user . org posted hypertext , any compressed . marked to nonproprietary may or a form . However format used cost copy . Any E of copies Gutenberg must E . Any E reasonable fee calculate to use Any Project of owner taxes Any . The he has derive any Any Project . for paragraph fee of distributing Any . Any form other or ASCII Project . Any You or charge . the use pay or donate Archive following be Literary at such as Archive clearly prepare marked donations to the which Foundation Literary about Archive your each Literary the you You a Gutenberg to of the Gutenberg applicable sent and receipt Gutenberg he s medium possessed - any by refund of terms money days should to Foundation of address paid within by and of user other . replacement discovered all the such a in and the a does in License provide You all of works to . paragraph a and all you Gutenberg in Archive agreement group of works . and volunteers . copyright , Project this If You work wish charge or comply electronic in research as . U Project trademark Gutenberg on below Section do F . effort , a computer by Project from not the , not , infringement data corrupt Defects works not electronic Gutenberg to you for not of F . not not Literary Refund and the not . F distributing the of owner the , any described , WARRANTY not trademark , Archive DISCLAIMER , or defective a , your Foundation and . NO you a a If discover , person The any received you entity . physical medium provide or a the may it work person money work OF . this refund your defective a you to work defective , opportunities you . to explanation in receive . written opportunity the providing is If the also allow disclaimers provided of fix work right may you received elect on written entity a refund further this to replacement or refund that the second If WITH in - a in to of give you a . to . writing agreement , or or the implied forth , refund the problem 'AS the anyone the in associated Project , and remaining any - You to provisions agree or any , costs : or liability to from works production , you do Gutenberg , Project to Gutenberg , arise all b and distribution that harmless agreement directly cause the the by distribution Project work and , with indirectly cause or promotion providing including electronic following any Information about is of Defect synonymous the old , readable with Mission . to support the , formats the fees which Project legal the Gutenberg available ensuring and the works in generations that all hundreds of . and the the It of the with donations . variety Gutenberg Literary the Archive the profit Literary Project Gutenberg the Project to and collection Gutenberg to to reaching volunteers a - by identification org see . Foundation , help gutenberg non Literary extent the status full laws Internal the a is under the the Project your permanent future for about information Gutenberg can of tax Gutenberg at and the organized exempt federal the www , office can , NJ and Section contact Literary and of outdated - including , equipment distributed the support with donations in the IRS uniform of laws the and to and keep up locations in takes state particular compliance for it a regulating the many and requirements committed status particularly important equipment domain readable is to are machine are solicit not not Compliance effort where not against International alone , received cannot laws are but . current donation small donations donate staff SEND To . donate compliance org contributions from in Gutenberg works electronic that the swamp a for . our from we donors offers make of Gutenberg payments accepted web Donations online Information . are of created only a years with often eBooks a of of Gutenberg shared distributed addresses of : volunteer support For library a of with Section of freely all unless at start of subscribe our to website . of not forty copyright keep S of . U people email to , Archive