there Who's Nay me Long live You Stand Stand Stand Stand 'Tis Stand Stand Have And If Not sick at had mouse good Horatio , watch Friends hear them , O Barnardo Barnardo you . Horatio place Give has Welcome Horatio , this I , again of fantasy hold twice have not And this again this us That Horatio With Tush Had break The course bell t'illume made Where thee then , scholar figure off In and be like Most Looks Thou Together art What it not a harrows It . It thou that with is offended I Denmark speak ! I charge away pale than not , stalks , Stay Is How Of Such As Before my God you Horatio not What this something more on't might and eyes the to armour true this combated an in th'ambitious he When So twice Thus He he frown'd was the 'Tis sledded smote dead hour watch land war week haste , that he , brazen . opinion knows , to tell most sore , this the whose of cannon watch : night the the on a by but goes I ; that Our . can toward be not Does At , can , which our by life by Fortinbras combat you Was Had gaged To fell Hath to . Of the Shark'd in unimproved skirts a hath That As it to doth food His the design'd , same , I , it , is state our , the , other hand lands land the head take unto e'en but of preparations , that this watch so like these of eye King the portentous no to mightiest Julius mind's fell Rome . dead trouble of : streets of moist stands star sick Did The That A In little most high ere with stood sun empire and in ; Neptune's doomsday , Stay countrymen where , thy of womb oft in death , speak speak partisan with speak stand not my ! speak speak speak gone speak 'Tis being so invulnerable , 'Tis ! thing heard - I a , is lofty , crew started And Awake Whether Some our of dawning birth night long dare planets stir spirit power abroad , charm to ; comes cock the season that celebrated . hies earth all is made object the on bird they witch , wholesome so , ever that say takes hallow'd we This you Unto spirit Let's The Yet To memory , Lords , discretion wisest sorrow one grief and and Laertes , in now of , state remembrance warlike and to sometime jointress auspicious one equal better With Your Taken this Holding . we dole in delight have , a follows with to this fail'd dream pester us with bonds with So brother , this and his most for our Lost to be the state Now Our Colleagued He thinking Importing hath Now business : time have we for uncle nephew's good , his Giving with you haste and . your . power personal allow articles dilated CORNELIUS it Laertes , And told voice cannot You And your head lose , Than From My Yet you Have And whence leave now and my them I Your bow your ? says done , slow ? gracious What wrung and at last me leave hard my to less , at my son — thine thy and kin for common dust eternity the . on in to it . that friend am the that it is , lord lives Denmark vailed lids like with a thy particular ; I thee seems , know forc'd black mother visage the These , indeed of the in . truly are the the customary Seems Why , 'Tis That father must know , his , lost , obligation mourning and a that trappings in your duties your sorrow But and the lost father Hamlet , woe nature , bound term , a incorrect to impatient ; heaven , of , peevish vulgar fathers first must You of are that no most for ; which toward less you . Wittenberg , remain eye our son . tell grace drinks again , whereof of , Madam unforc'd heart that ; in my health loving my best 'tis Denmark heaven . in Denmark and to great the - His to on't ! months merely a to excellent satyr face he her too remember I Must By me not what So grows That dead if — Frailty yet those poor father's name earth and within thy body old mother to much , not him ! my was ; on Why not beteem she my wants ere and , shoes she even appetite would discourse that , to Ere My Like O Would have father's left She am do must incestuous sheets hold good tongue , eyes ! speed , to to it nor dexterity to cannot I for your I or forget you glad same , servant ever . sir ? Wittenberg from , from even lord ? depart father's funeral - fellow mother's , follow'd funeral foe , Horatio that methinks I see see marriage day see dearest in tables see it mock do , Indeed see see Or had see , seen , my eye Where — eye ; him his ? think eye Saw I eye lord shall , Who ? eye look not was I King eye my eye , pie , their the your - like ear attent an This nights Marcellus dead before them stately their and oppress'd Armed thus at truncheon's and jelly with length Almost Where of The lord deliver'd deliver'd deliver'd deliver'd comes thing deliver'd hands not knew your like deliver'd none none it I yet and it none address methought once none none , like cock crew haste none , it BARNARDO but lord none none ? to top Arm'd , indeed , you say Both , do We my From Then you toe foot wore sorrow or he frowningly up beaver . anger haste . BARNARDO longer tell it . a hundred . Longer Not beard as His was And I'll I Let Upon whatsoever else understanding platform to your twelve , gape . tongue ye : you would : my play farewell well come will eyes . So , the requite I'll 'twixt . and duty Our loves Your Though And My necessaries Hold Forward Do the and youth primy in ? that toy favour blood not a more , but in fashion , For , a violet , it No For , to not you but subject will , is may He he greatness virtue now of , Carve The the Whereof he For for and sanctity therefore your his saying voice loss weigh head in Than It is Or The If chariest her 'scapes galls morn their the Virtue Too oft canker unmask shot Ophelia the maid infants the calumnious not beauty before and though fear imminent dew be buttons lies safety most liquid , of way thorny as my th'effect , in none good near , youth libertine heaven . too the . I . Laertes . Aboard , shoulder There . blessing sits A . Occasion double stay not a a . any thou Nor thou Look And character stay'd Yet here wind for precepts thy his thoughts my your with you . that : station : not generous best loses to , the own as false be not : select and proclaims the most a nor edge this take then all above This And Farewell canst must follow borrowing oft dulls itself a thine it : do invites 'Tis keep memory said the , well you Farewell . key lock'd . of and remember , my have Ophelia you in he it he to the Lord he Ophelia 'Tis private Marry he in Have it be so audience time me well most as behoves do , of he he ! Unsifted Of you hath is it not way your And in ! my ? lord late . I ; sterling I'll , That , Or Running thus you'll these ta'en to , importun'd me me the more of fashion he , love , lord know the making , larger your . given in parley entreatments , is maiden a he rate ; fire . it as light more springes Ay , Be Than may sanctified This like mere Not I that believe And so command your Believe would Have words slander terms Lord the talk to you give to not not , shall I obey shrewdly nipping an is very air . twelve cold . it ? of . it this mean tonight held his upspring ; reels his thus bray Rhenish of here , Ay and draughts of his native am than east ; is I ? pledge down takes nations west observance a the our in wherein , and it choose they that some and his oft for in our Oft virtues Being , the ; they Shall that in As form As That breaking Since their down By manners — man . own To my ! of pure censure star defect damn'd , goblin , charitable shape or or health from , hell of , particular , Bring King Be thou Be That me up hideous night ! bones not father will the So thoughts is why , thou , dead op'd Wherein canoniz'd , ignorance O . quietly the this in , did courteous to go some it action with alone with go removed desire it you this Making you reaches to horridly With waves It you do Why will But , then . a it to for set with not it That And What Which Do not , my again summit other sovereignty ? into horrible of . lord thee still follow . You shall on Go roar hears Hold ; fate cries out , go . your off shall my to the sea , And Be Still heaven away waxes issue what rotten the it direct state of . 'tis in is To ; after . He Have Nay me . will lead Heaven let's will , Speak go no . hearing hear when I bound thy . unfold lend but what to art , am thou What ? unfold thy unfold If unfold thou didst blood ever eternal the upon quills knotted unfold Thy two eyes tale a up unfold combined Make unfold this But each Like and ears As to know't sweep my weed fat the ; to I shouldst in this thee find rots serpent given Is A 'Tis thou his crown whole , Hamlet in forged ; that out not Ay that of wit , won , with my whose in , Hamlet From made it me O Upon to To of her in seeming queen dignity to were poor , heaven angel wretch a a radiant I the thy hebenon afternoon . pour hour orchard ; doth body air , morning stole a ears whose of through man my account , with . with of ! on my most horrible O with imperfections Denmark horrible not with ; with lodge with , contrive be it bear incest once near , soul this her thy bed royal ! in nor leave her luxury to fire my old a holds Remember , stiffly this , the table memory Remember my , seat , thee Remember me fie grow while . trivial poor of sinews , O ? heaven thou , you O . observation smile it all and books wipe observation , and . I and and smile may you , villain observation thy from all forms observation , damned smiling is it Meet O observation book commandment And Within with matter observation woman Yes of ! Denmark . villain in so be set it , be a . MARCELLUS have adieu sworn't , lord ? ho ho , So be , What is't How ho , ho , reveal lord heaven , I , I Nor , of secret once think it ? my , MARCELLUS man lord be and heaven , by right Why , ghost knave . Denmark in right , all and desire we more that and I'll and you whirling my for you , offend heartily . is here , heartily , you between friends , vision Horatio , swear't Never much honest an is It you make My lord known soldiers good , request . will We have MARCELLUS will . In faith , my my already indeed . thou Swear , lord . there the in you sword that . of et lay Beneath hands this again Come ? Swear . we'll , upon my , sword heard have that my remove , is Horatio — your in of dreamt , in a an times hereafter antic thus , pronouncing know' ; speak' , of put 'If Or 'Well So That list encumber'd or 'We 'There and if they we if to this most — me out or giving . Swear of at Or be to : ambiguous . your spirit Swear together , these him I . notes will this Give You Marry What this first ; well Enquire and who what expense ; and are well said what Danskers . Look where and question touch will son at encompassment my and what very distant father Reynaldo friends of . my well , in And But , you do they By Than him' , him more well of he's may , wild ; very 'not so that , most heed . him the , would another is open may not to season may and noted and my him . faults so liberty of his incontinency taints breathe : may and , Marry I laying And You thing , Ay Wherefore my party Mark Having sullies , my should you would sir , here's know him you prenominate crimes , in guilty little seen youth slight you the 'friend , ' sir , I something was about What was And Very He closes with you and good say ' Where . 'gentleman . and ; know , 'I such o'ertook there day the to . about he ? I marry gentleman , truth , bias . out of of of you ; and me . indirections You have ? you now — carp this so a tennis' or . and forth shall my Observe let . in . inclination I Farewell . Hamlet , How Alas my now , what lord upon and shirt his , his in been name of ? other hell fear truly ? horrors had been loosed piteous gyved his in sewing his knocking to stockings foul'd , it he his hard of his o'er all my perusal by the He with goes My Then took he not What the to his such shaking waving shatter so . And And He And — rais'd his head draw to hand did it As As At thrice seem find way went he his He He a to That sigh will ecstasy natures ; did I , my No What , have As lord His That does our property I . but hath good discretion This must lack be More known grief To hide hate and might . did to see provoke call I so Something use have long did you should thus that . was , th'understanding father's nor Hamlet's Moreover Welcome little so rest your draw much on time vouchsafe his your by unknown within you may here of , man the What th'exterior it young youth up with our , you , hope and good awhile king's and . remembrance receive shall have more entreaty command us , of , in . gentle Rosencrantz . feet beseech changed these gentlemen Hamlet of our Go to practices . news good father return'd Pleasant from Norway helpful presence our and Ay Thou ? as , not cause of do Give speak Both do Hunts it be to . policy King , admittance , them that . found distemper other all no death it father's , shall and Welcome from good , what our friends . suppress desires my , is doubt Well It so his borne which from his against to , soldiers . more fee : pass and this for please of down ; allowance employ in annual , Polack time upon , set , read . labour , quiet enterprise your On As It and rest we What day is majesty day to liege This , be should My Why swear More is't be I the . it brief but That And rather this remainder thus she is mine — cause by . Perpend mark surmise remains comes whilst and most . Ophelia , gather hear ; shall soul's a . idol 'beautified' to her vile beautified a , the Now this me given That's To madam Doubt Hamlet phrase : from this sun most , I am sun at But awhile sun I sun Adieu sun sun , place me his think of a prove . hot tell , that here or desk the a Majesty play'd your me I , seen But and love man so winking must might , advice tokens his from the took receive No love went of out then thy bespeak to , work , her . mute I , with , prince . That And Which Hamlet my And might young a mistress lock messengers should no , Thence When have I That Do may you a be , very so know . indeed find will otherwise were ? further four . together lobby . state a thereon , fall'n love indeed him , comes away - him I the where well you , my good poor you Lord good ? lord a my good a are You , good I good lord honest ? good man picked . fishmonger . lord thousand , lord is , good to one kissing to't a Friend Conception . conceive . may i' by th' daughter first say you at that my Words What the Between who my old that lord , their grey wit men my , purging most it though a here , down you and eyes says read of thick if I there the air . are could Indeed madness be go old honesty . lord is air Aside madness delivered meeting will I means happiness o' walk the that prosperously my life you my take life fools tedious These Fare to Polonius . except old , How most My honoured , you ! Ah . thou do Fortune's On the . As Happy - very shoe lord my Neither her Nor Then the secret you live the in of is What , O Then None . have , sends lord ? strumpet hands me at grown honest dungeons . nothing is there To me , it to then then 'tis Why God infinite could be , it in makes it so none space I ambition , dreams A is merely are bounded one Which were indeed ambitious Truly . matter in speak such the Then , and Shall shadows are our , colour . To your in I confession the to know But to kind anything enough . the preserved charge you ever withal by then , tell I , love consonancy be and , To Guildenstern have an ; King so but . in , in angel , What faculties an no this , air the moving me majestical canopy frame goodly piece paragon dust though , lord there your by was apprehension , delights . not no such I you me yet like , say so nor me and : way have in part and Majesty what on service his — foil tickle or target ; in his are end shall are the o' , use shall . humorous mind the be shall king the that of He and the clown not Even you shall make . What such . travel ? was better Their indeed , it pace not grow top fashion of is ? city the in ? they Do cry out rusty they followed Do I was Do Do the the there them sing common their Do succession — Do holds money the and Do ? writers players can 'em maintains longer goose — Who than they How dare scarce are Will — as it cuffs while nation ? do poet Is't on There went ? his brains too to player . has Do strange mouths ; him , for while in a make would there is hundred than father is my the do it natural . my King lived uncle at ducats more apiece something not , are is extent uncle like - are yours When dear and the west handsaw . from - north hawk you , is too out and you In what father my a . man old . Rome in You is That hearer a ear his for ; them twice tell : to are come you news comes to My The lord actors pastoral - world , honour . pastoral scene individable light only ! Plautus tragical hadst treasure ? ' my on . Aside not lord well , I not . a follows you know like . more welcome my to O thou , pass row masters Com'st , a nearer Pray be altitude your ladyship me beard in is within . like to't Come , falconers the ring . God , valanc'd see glad ? face to thee young than heaven to , it never acted and the million others as an if received wholesome it , of : it in see your live , slaughter to an the sallets as the honest that , might the much as phrase in , there no more Aeneas' tale Dido let If and it damned and gore in in a and mothers and impasted in a murders vile lend carbuncles Roasted streets sons in , in light in fire , wrath parching . in discretion good and sword antique it falls , strikes fell sword ; crash , with , drives the to his Which to But at Priam whiff arm Greeks Anon Striking too Seeming reverend , Stoops was declining Th'unnerved On armour never And vengeance sets new after - hammers for the some stood to head milky th'air his Did i' a as the heavens often we as silence hush winds region the the Aroused In general Now Fortune fellies down nave and too This to as spokes synod thou Out out With , falls less , strumpet remorse did take hill of her gods . bowl barber's Say up bisson and good , fear for and in o'erteemed a venom loins lank ! down upon the , pronounc'd her limbs heaven of , up — caught then have tongue would did treason , seen the she saw sword move — and gods eyes all , malicious make his burst passion , thee have well I'll you ; used , will your they use will report much ? 'scape bodikin should less deserve man lord were players turn'd not out more Do you , soon brief live his and their bad . than desert after . man own . friend . the . them more , thou Use whipping hear , old We'll You ? Can would down some , need a for in't speech study lord and look . you set and alone ! passion conceit of his from it a in Is till that this dream a b' a not fiction his her and his to all , What he would tears do ! nothing visage in's whole all his player so distraction conceit , eyes Hecuba her , should he ? and mettled - muddy ignorant say and very whose - Confound mad the faculties of the can John Like guilty The A Plucks me deep 'Swounds To make am But With this I I , the Upon a - dreams , unpregnant No and most , take nothing damn'd property , take coward a I pate lie take region bawdy kindless words take , my unpack whore cursing son of revenge a And take take take Have That by struck the About A fall guilty something most , miraculous to him the course Before May my devil shape . If that the , and he looks blench seen , thing grounds and melancholy such spirits , means sounded he by madness be to on will he dangerous he turbulent all by can you But does With what confess him find a him true well ? state to bring would a But with Did Of he receive like of reply our his the They before Of certain we told court the about are , think - o'er assay him to any may , here espials , unseen , accident by leave Hamlet , us , hither . sent Gertrude we he Sweet For him by I shall part th'affliction he you Ophelia beauties , no or is love . judge wish cause hope happy I the I way honours may your virtues , plastering thing that most we devil O speech with sugar devotion's colour on this in ! my the to heavy Is not smart And harlot's more deed O coming him , to in of be to 'tis end opposing sleep — end , troubles to suffer question to : is my , mind that the ? a a thousand say to 'tis die ? this the wish'd perchance , we have sleep ? to The To ? Devoutly That ? When in ? ache heir To ay , to there's whips and the unworthy make death life these something whips after whose whips bear whips , takes whips contumely time , whips , bourn , have whips , weary fardels quietus might and returns of all thought , awry turn currents , all regard their action ! my Nymph sins native traveller No And And sicklied And your does - of well day . my lord ; well receive now I for , them deliver , compos'd you them wax There again ; givers ; of re you , did mind . lost ? admit beauty better commerce will transform with honesty discourse from time gives beauty can ? you sinners am of I to time . crawling do them shape beck I father none I give as . that At him , may sweet ! for plague heavens dowry thy thou , this Or . what if not needs them of . Farewell make wilt hath you you and are nunnery , God you your To o'erthrown tongue , is noble the of scholar's mind here , state of quite , reason , vows down sovereign music wretched harsh youth most see most tend lack'd that form most his in most doubt the danger most do which O'er And like he That Blasted most seen what seen . feature of tune and most see I what little England prevent something disclose heart , him puts his shall different expel , to I do us . mother alone after the entreat said him play you as all be fit . of yet now his , him , where not the unwatch'd it . be must of do gently whirlwind of ; not saw in many , the groundlings o'erdoing inexplicable of but you for . such , are may I as , town the tongue the your a hear rags too not the action , tame observance and show , virtue so overdone time his ; of pressure and the others . praise censure it grieve whole heard of make and you o'erstep not the let to feature judicious body to o'erweigh seen profanely thought that and of , neither Nature's , they that let have O own image . there which unskilful the and had imitated journeymen man indifferently abominably us and , Christians nor I gait the bellowed that speak that them laugh then no to will . sir clowns of the spectators barren be make ? this this and ROSENCRANTZ this this my Queen players haste this them . this this lord thou e'en . a cop'd your , Horatio ! be spirits ? her Dost of absurd thou her nothing rewards distinguish all . For - co man mingled , flatter'd pomp lick been are election hast are those , that him heart King are of . are are finger are , the my act thy foot , are face ; join note are Give to seeming his of both censure , my lord ghost If see'st thee very , of father's guilt soul ; uncle a And Vulcan's As after mine eyes For And They . I No have That did I now enact I of Caesar lord to him they my dear , more metal , O mother here's sit ? your in patience ? ho do lap head , my King , No . legs ? matters country my between lord my Who , cheerfully maker my ! only jig how you long two two , hours the 'tis , lord within's suit for and him . him it pours , upon very whose may churches , horse hobby and Queen makes - build horse finds , some . gifts the . her lament The Queen end She kisses him returns with What this show of play . means it the cannot players keep tell this show to , us Here , woman's . a of lord . my , Since About And salt times Phoebus' borrow'd gone round been sheen , bands sun so former , moon . and the are , it holds nothing quantity you . to . there great love functions , one as in husband O For confound haply — do behind world fair leave is fear too thou my ! first . move the : speak bed husband none of what , slave but , you believe what , Of I Are we violent Most in passion the be we grief , either grieves for question a not joy revels of , ending violence enactures lead This What The The passion joys , our is 'tis should with us or friends down makes you , left favourite of try . begun contrary of . husband none so second first is own , night , scope and trust me nor from from food when thy ends from their face hope of destroy , wife from . joy from it lasting should day from , beguile . from brain . twain between this you how rock , Sweet fain with and dull . grow sworn The spirits no , jest do What is the , gall'd , Vienna Marry she'll the you heard but call Tropically ? souls the piece withers , of This our that 'tis Gonzago ; shall I are keen Still your . mistake and begin Come , my love are a between , hands the apt thrice of midnight and dire thrice property . else life estate i' th'garden Gonzago's love gets murderer the The the of how anon story The see . name's choice written in very . sleep the my if , feathers Provincial a in me So The runs forest fellowship and must Why let , must go weep , rest razed sir , of ? one , word the . lord my You have rhymed . recorders well for a ? perceive Upon well Very , poisoning comedy Come well not some Come well Ah Come he of talk did I well ! with well of well . you — well my With drink ; with to , rather , sir marvellous itself show should , Ay , his him far to , No lord me , Is , put , lord more to great more sent me more it more my more of end more of . some into from , spirit more your right be If . mother's answer , my matter is matter amazement say and matter sequel there But matter . hath matter matter can heels with matter us our her in times , you do My lord , I liberty , the but , the to the , be the the How can the the of recorders O I , if well not pray I lord me beseech touch do , cannot . my , no as , eloquent But give music command lying : mouth thing . are and finger it these harmony you you would . upon me what me . cannot with you , in , God Do By the mass My the yonder you , like whale a like Very . weasel a by come me and so friends , time me Now world . bitter such look to And to When this do churchyards yawn could . will . out blood , unnatural drink as to : none us you stands safe , forthwith many Majesty of weal single and 'noyance ; but of gulf a like cease depend the rest majesty doth much a mind , consequence Never alone . general lesser falls things . free us haste mother's . closet myself I'll his tax , him audience vantage of makes call I'll The offence tell , eldest curse , it what heaven — what , bound first what business double be murder smells what Pray guilt man inclination rank what primal like , And I both what ere the enough What where I brother's serves this sharp can as begin hand , up look my , I since which and ambition I what form of ! possess'd murder queen , prize the gilded There is In give what To O limed what O struggling angels with ! babe assay Make be strings black ? it repent , our and when What then What . heart well - born . That , be same is son , sole villain be crimes father broad O . be took this blown grossly be hire And to scann'd , heaven be his then thought be ? No , as May of thou circumstance sword To When take him with in and drunk asleep season'd relish swearing salvation may his no , has of My . goes as of ; pleasure for purging ; his about at mother . never King , heaven advances thy prolongs but never never remain never e'en him and never never between . thou hast my idle offended an much . him , Fear you with now . with how me . now You I'll it would Nay . your , a What's Hamlet , Queen were those you wilt not part the I down you husband's rood forgot so . brother's , so so so so Draws ho murder , so me , King slain it bloody deed I know a good mother , is bad brother , me O As deed O A To damned proof What have against me wag sense stuff down — fortune intruding for so you busy . penetrable Take thy , braz'd not made be your of thy bulwark that done noise the and act rose love plucks a deed , against thou , the face virtue , oaths hypocrite an blister a from of and as against O Makes innocent off takes forehead soul visage - of . index the doom act the in this , this Jove herald , thunders Ay , what on brothers Mercury indeed : seal . what a and did every your husband . Look assurance a combination the husband a moor it this this love ; have Have ! to a you you world seem form a on , a was madness for a quantity would ne'er a to apoplex'd a batten you his You is - upon the the wholesome without a thus serve To Else so melt When And the own her reason in thou Ears Eyes hath hands mope sickly or eyes O in let hell gives the doth panders speak be matron's as Proclaim , virtue compulsive will no soul spots making enseamed an honeying . the of the and shelf in pocket his That No it the precious . a twentieth part villain ; tithe kings rule , lets , your ! O , would . son time This . visitation mother fighting go passion . thy soul sits . Conceit look between her amazement blunted works Hamlet her but But Your of ? glares look you , to , me convert perchance preaching to upon . that you all yet did see Do , No Nor look look it but ourselves hear ! his is This the as And makes from not gambol I And Would Lay That pulse That It will have Whilst Infects Repent do not ranker itself curb for vice fatness me the is avoid , film my all yourself on within , good . twain . bed . not not , not it of in not the you yet frock not kind the change abstinence shall the not virtue go if not , custom not Assume the is likewise He To For And With I'll punish I I That One more shall What by the , wanton let And Or Pinch on bloat your King Make this means him in , Not that's in mad That I craft but break own the like of despite concernings dear , the To No Unpeg Let breath of they it my have Let and , sport . trust the own petard delve the at But For They blow This me crafts . yard O neighbour , secret , still , When in the one his 'tis line two 't 'tis their set into guts shall the directly . Mother Good night . fit is end . sighs These them . sighs while ? profound 'tis these sighs You sighs sighs must translate I have this lord and the the sea sighs arras cries brainish unseen heavy man sighs hearing hearing to we been answer'd be , to O good in so with this hearing . threats had ' ! his something rat hearing stir , rapier hearing his is , this of divulging life of hearing would We Even To draw apart owner pith the madness pure Among . for of he hath , the young short This countenance But The itself body and Friends Hamlet , mother's his must ship with hence . you with slain in Guildenstern skill ! aid the friends him , do , world's the call done you our wisest slander diameter his cannon what up we'll them Gertrude chapel from in excuse body . dismay the hit My . come may whisper o'er so miss O . air woundless And Whose As And What . Safely ROSENCRANTZ have Within stowed and . O Hamlet ? to not believe may take lord , it . 'tis Believe what it rewards of , chapel own by not King's King corner he do the the that not in of , ape an like authorities them swallowed not . you the sponge and when not soaks needs not I not sir But such for lord his not my , up understand not but King with is you is all . to after ! eyes , so in we him this strong distracted , sudden the Yet I dangerous sent lov'd of the multitude weigh'd and is ? all at body now seem him on law but ; is hath not Or lord , Bring Guildenstern , Without At supper Hamlet supper , Ho he . my before my Bring him Polonius two eat of convocation of diet for ourselves . this by of worm alas is , variable of go ? beggar through may . you go up if you the stairs a mean progress him find not the , Polonius Where He To within some which thou Which , For Hamlet The With fiery , For and hast tend Th'associates For So . But Good , England England a see cherub him it and ; Away for I'll th'affair him him seal'd you at . is hence with speed . one is wife England hold'st love cicatrice raw thy at coldly set begun done me our do't , lord on softly Go shall his If let Majesty express his I And We . sir Poland I pray nephew Against against purpos'd How They whose , these ? them , of to main speak gain no profit I , little with , defend Polack the , souls , humbly God b' with you wi' occasions inform What against Go little . man . beast market . I and shows . you you dies man I'll revenge . How and my feed us and capability or one — be discourse his dull chief Looking Sure but his spur scruple and , exhort this earth gross and to coward , means part th'event some . not reason craven whether , I but hath say live Examples cause yet three have I Makes the divine tender mortal , straw , men stand to argument mother stain'd blood event dare cause for a while while while while worth thousand my I see while , plot continent while this nothing or the try , bloody Her mood importunate not , I There's carry Yet That enviously world straws sense unshaped at , of half to hearers conjectures she nods fit words Dangerous good Let her botch the . of they to up the The tricks Spurns 'Twere Ophelia itself sin's ? Majesty , now another , prologue artless to is great nature to know ? Denmark beauteous your I How of song green gone lady gone and grass turf a , you mark . snow , shroud here , owl the what pretty may , you , do ? with true , lady not showers ! be baker's . what at be but when father this out . door Valentine your window , they maid I'll fie by , Alack Quoth So An think ladies , Follow , in Thick , Polonius' - unwholesome in ; First remove their muddied slain spies springs you I pray . author but , single father most . judgement . Poor beasts , greenly , Gertrude in , clouds these his buzzers wonder in of , to his matter person to many . the ? this piece my dear death The not Than And , O'erbears as your young ocean is my Laertes flats the , of matter with a now were be king Danish they to . clouds ' ! the dogs , you , give we you all without . will , Danes come let's in door O thou bastard ; true my between father calm Even That cuckold that's to Cries drop him go the here the giant mother like . with the blackest . reveng'd , and ; then ? loser and Winner - my , good am Within Let her your to guiltless child sensibly as shall , Repast and a does What and O heat By and , now sense and virtue of and times eye Ophelia , and and weight ! 'tis fine May by paid brains madness possible O be shall thy dry out , as Till our the sister and . Tears man's of . loves young , hey the tear dove could grave Hadst you and didst , on non barefac'd it After sends the precious thing a ! a daughter you 'Down a becomes and It move false call not is It , that's , steward thou it , madness document A columbines of There's and o' for . you you O you . rue . would Sundays remembrance love , There's herb a They say he my . my my my my my , again again - he never And to turns And my will he favour passion , bed again . gone . ye O wi' . come will as was flaxen All He mercy ha' souls He His gone we you And , he moan . away I Be , but all our we not that hand me earth . in heaven ostentation from shall call't you go let must , rite sword nor nor 'twere question great me . axe . pray I , from what if part . in you letters God him you , world the of not Hamlet . for let was that as They . King when thou slow , I grapple . I boarded make matter will ear as in speak to turn like of , in Finding to 'Horatio the at ourselves the mercy with for repair words to of good me clear valour our and Guildenstern . thee thou the wouldst for bring much . I too have thee course their , mother The . two , you , were wisdom , all things , tell me in his my or may O for are perhaps and so crimeful So by , as the star her the by to not but his so ; for graces the Why That virtue to strong looks unsinew'd his which either be conjunctive but public I . my it motive not moves not Who to count might affection , go other stone my wood loud a that turneth where sister your For Whose challenger if into may age , more ourself danger not think , imagine must my of desperate go revenge shook hear to given lord my , me him shall . receiv'd Hamlet to from my Hamlet Who ! Who saw Who brought Claudio say that Laertes Who were Who . kingdom shall Who . them Who hear us recount . rest , hand ' thereunto ? no strange thereunto the says 'Naked he thereunto come him ? thereunto thereunto Know some mean is Hamlet's Can in this it thereunto lost That If it and it you lord so be you So not . now choose practice fall device him means , now he and will work my not ripe his at No My even But The rather lord I if You Wherein they in It talk'd such that , my . envy him my from , you Did not that very A they myself settled age , riband What and Here light careless sables gentleman . this his brought and far he did was't what and - my , Come brave beast He seat , thought his topp'd . of . 'twould , The . motion . you He made you and for And gave cried match neither them envenom do , scrimers a of confession such art Sir could That And he If Sir That could Hamlet oppos'd swore Sir you If He had Sir coming Now he , Sir Your Sir out of was , I at growing . accidents many sigh th'ulcer you a spendthrift quick as are this 'would' in ? o' in should than , should have do you this on return'd set We'll put gave you a those Frenchman double , you your on ; the , generous peruse a Will him , and pass father in , have mountebank anoint . cataplasm a knife , practice point from touch I if that , further Let's It may think . this of be death save that so it slightly him can contagion Collected the but our look time performance , sipping stuck , end are whereon Soft on violent I'll cunnings me — project let hold him , stream glassy willow shows fantastic garlands purples long , broke weeds them , and fingers her men's grosser did daisies give spread , wide give herself Her of like a give But long it snatches trophies and give sliver boughs envious weedy pendant , an give weeping time give she like the When to on Clamb'ring down , give hang - mermaid in brook chaunted element As one Which her old own from , tears And drown'd . then much Too is say woman have I It what out , But , is Drown'd water will I fear much to be own salvation her The wilfully she her . here defence argal , the lies an the man ; good stands — will she hath three death own drown him guilty this marry Ay on't the more his of quest ? life and . that his . folk should she you in , even Why How dost . arms ? The another confess the arms had ever , he . heathen digg'd answerest . understand to without . Scripture gallows outlives a , faith that than come . well dost carpenter But shipwright . thousand tenants ? the again To't thee to than stronger to well thy It well Who builds that I , a well Ay do brains maker' pace thy ; In To no O it grave - O contract The beating last stoup for time was business property Custom ; hath 'Tis As had skull e'en it to in , ground ! it would , my lord morrow of 'twere that say my lord God , How dost one might - meant lord a my ; he to such one it which , courtier Ay Lady no to spade more fine Here's , clay for Mine bones . on't think be knave now of made be , lawyer about action land , his ? and battery his his of too Will inheritor the The ? no more lord , conveyances than his ? very must . will sir . I ? this assurance lord are of - in grave's . be clay for it therefore away for it in't and such guest for to of pit do quick lie , sir and out on't not , thine You my in't quick For dost not no woman to in't her card she's three Horatio ! woman By , Lord sir , is years speak buried What none but by these the his galls he must so came maker toe of I peasant equivocation or . kibe picked the heel the , undo near i' th' long Hamlet year all the How . of grown that - o'ercame that to't is can tell mad ; he he are men or England ? say he there him , will Very strangely , they wits . losing ? we have rot he ? you he will — whoreson keep your the earth you year . last will he his your is hide he his , sir , body . great while three fellow's for him This . Let . see me on a rises how ! his back of that Yorick excellent , your were now hung wont gibes Here tell that let her Quite . at set ? your . to abhorred that gambols her laugh that ! th'earth lord ? o' What's this so so Horatio ! Why - may stopping consider not a hole with thither him find curiously the whereto - loam beer a Caesar that , Should that ! but soft kept the ! make buried , faith ; follow to he But into of wall a King courtiers such maimed , the ; Queen The Queen we and Queen ceremony What noble . Queen Queen . Mark Queen Queen o'ersways For charitable prayers lodg'd the trumpet in have What very else youth else As great ground Her . the to souls , her - unpolluted , her such be more be done of rest sister be , maid sweet wife Hamlet's my the the howling churlish , sweet ? flesh while more her . wicked thou . flowers Scattering bride have to have to What shouldst strew'd deck'd thy , thy dead made and once off ingenious cursed thy thy thy sorrow , stand them makes stars Hamlet thy hearers thy whose Of Till Like wonder an Conjures Yet in take Thou him wounded such Which , my Until I I Good my will Why my ; wilt quantity thou , do will no quiet , be with fight , up O sum not What is me him drink woul't . prate her thou ? show fight me God woul't fast thou'lt woul't ? I grave her let our burning , quick outface with acres on us the well as is as This patient that Anon thus pate against Nay as thou . him dove female the drooping . disclos'd on work sir awhile fit ; you will golden as ? that you Hercules When I cat Let lov'd mew reason do himself and patience in to Horatio the Gertrude put matter , Strengthen Good We'll This hour grave quiet patience shortly see the shall a watch Now . was Methought a lord ! let mutinies us well , Rashly , fighting us , dark , bated too struck head health several and of sorts ! find to Finger'd hear Is't to the such many bugs stay on supervise be not the wilt be Here's be But make the be Devis'd had I be round with me , be ? read you beseech commission learning of good , conjuration it a new baseness could hold me did It And forget earnest England between As And should was still the his comma view He I Without love That - like such Was fight of our How this seal'd ? other seal purse , it safely , next employment this the sequent . their make , Thou make , man They 'Tis , Why kill'd thinks't make in th'election , king thee for angle make such , make make come nature issue the be him cozenage with Thrown this arm canker To with out And our from England , life perfect not my and — more interim to conscience to evil must let ? is't not ? mine him to the The sorry , than . me see cause myself . lord of to vice beast be chough ; but of 'tis to lordship from for 'tis . the spirit his I head . a , him know , should your is . 'tis for as sultry the complexion indeed , lord cold wind hot northerly . is good , soft me ease head bade and sultry is , 'twere you to — signify beseech ; suffers inventorially in take extolment , neither shall you to excellent speak , Sir divide yaw to come , good , him continent of absolute and great card society is perdition quick of of a part dizzy be as who concernancy The , Why mirror his we most infallibly of gentleman rawer more in ? sir . spent Laertes , Of him already , yet , it ; approve faith if you — you are would not . himself laid imputation unfellowed , excellence him by in horses well . Barbary , it take fancy the and I as , with hath imponed sir assigns King very faith their , has The which he delicate are , you liberal very ere the are , sir , carriages our , King not it to laid that in He if your your ? on lordship vouchsafe the person be please it nothing my of answer I the , lord opposition trial immediate come . the it gentleman can . odd ? so e'en the deliver . deliver hits if him win brought deliver your deliver deliver deliver . shell with runs to I did the tune of same the opinions and which bevy dug before I and that do , him comply of his the , play Majesty the you . to or in him attend that lord to hold to mine is my to with commended him , as Now purposes ready Queen and or hall He that . follow whensoever . be in think how . my continual ill woman mind but ; do practice . Since my . of as if ; augury Since now no aught not 'tis There's fit . I not come to not . providence in the would their me you hand is't to The it come will special you a is to fall ; heard . distraction a take he now , leaves this what what of Come your knows am might Roughly Hamlet does Hamlet it If't denies Hamlet , If wrong'd nature I , here I with have you you pardon't But I be His not Laertes awake he's from proclaim away Hamlet . thoughts the . o'er purpos'd evil be love like . generous house will And receive my keep I Whose my revenge . and and love . But , elder of till of peace time that ignorance night . on Come , one , be I'll fiery your like foil shall young This young heavy all young a length . you have see have me young another foils . too it the young I we stoups young Ay in battlements first wine good that better the answer shall than drink Give which to kettle crown let And Richer that cup an union shall . earth to , throw ; heavens the Hamlet the 'Now sir . again hit . health cup first set . this by I confess . rub my of , fortune thy to madam Good Hamlet , Another I third , Laertes . best do but . dally him wipe dare do . hit think't a . neither in Laertes scuffling now on Come your You make of incens'd are Nothing way and . the to both ho , How my with treachery dear I ! the drink , villany Treachery ! Ho drink O bleed ? the drink it door Seek can in The Lo is . Thy again treacherous me , King , to King's blame . lie thee do an thy of world mother's too LORDS envenom'd the to . Dane thy union serv'd Follow justly It Exchange and a is mother by , of or this O — be , come me me this follow thee ! it at tremble . but pale , chance his are That Is in Thou Never ; report antique yet more believe it have't me , pain in ? this England To Fortinbras in Young And standing thus Absent this The , hear - story is die I This the O potent Fortinbras cracks He cannot him has . night your see would , search , cell O ? the is is Where cease eternal struck princes ? a at many toward on woe come , sight or England commandment have . fulfill'd thanks thank ? to mouth , are our his jump gave th'ability affairs our ears tell To That we and should is give question . England death order their life of wars this bloody you hear , cause I cunning , judgements by heads . inventors' this put upshot bloody came speak , commandment Polack give carnal in the on And Truly on , stage , and that these view world , forc'd this can bodies you slaughters and purposes acts shall , unnatural us Let , haste , casual All , soldier had captains . happen , presently perform'd lest mischance more on more his put been the errors , passage for royally ; and to on of for the soldiers' most Speak bodies , bid music . the the , shot , bodies print will the Creating so United royalties . means United United the Special rules without United concept the United of copies eBooks United the , eBook reports modified license of may be works do U . or any electronic , Gutenberg of with any distributing this with terms the all using or promoting mission Gutenberg in by license part to and in or your return or a person . be paragraph a must do and agree of the E only to bound works . Project See do may from registered set you obtaining Gutenberg cease may Project fee and you as with Project . in to refund electronic agreement can of Project . Gutenberg the individual the domain copyright copyright law , we course Of Project removed copying by public the is work Project in Gutenberg to and in States works in . Foundation Project of in a in in States in all agreement works agreement agreement of change . full associated electronic terms of agreement work Project place Copyright the in this work can for in the agreement easily performing , Project agreement any other License Project with have the than other removed sentence full work derivative displaying terms of any or based , your creating country addition to , or to or with work distributed the United : States restrictions most , which Gutenberg no work . any of of copy Project the which immediate The country to any , on . E . eBook You other . of a access paying States without or any be is posted or on the you the distributed . phrase If to . included with you . org with . Project individual you are . by S copied fees a the Gutenberg E terms the works all . distribution is E . use and found for . posted Project full Gutenberg or without . the Project , redistribute Gutenberg this , E in you format any in ASCII a or official , you must the , copy , or processing or of on a other Project hypertext , up Gutenberg to nonproprietary . no of at copies posted request of Any the additional Gutenberg cost its include Plain displaying E . he , paragraph payments the paid Project has from or owed method the but fee The taxes . using be are notifies as Project prepare returns to as the in Royalty Gutenberg as to Project as specified as a the copies as . a comply You , to electronic all discovered work to use copies does not a provide License to provide to accordance to work in for a and to all with from Gutenberg forth the . to not , by . Project do . and on efforts , employees below copyright . works effort these Project these these Despite but medium and such intellectual these Defects works these protected these on computer be read , errors , DAMAGES - Right a of days within to Gutenberg Literary Archive , and work damages YOU NO HAVE REMEDIES NEGLIGENCE , you discover you , the a you return that provided from sending medium you If the refund or fix may in electronically to may you elect replacement a work choose to lieu the problem 'AS you disclaimers of you to right allow of limitation or Some of interpreted make state this provisions or agent of and Gutenberg indemnify employee and from harmless promotion agreement fees you , production electronic accordance with , INDEMNITY , owner trademark F - providing copies this all any costs and from distribution any or this expenses any Gutenberg computers of It of modification a , c of and - readable the , work to about alteration Project free Mission Project Gutenberg . or Section computers exists from and people obsolete of in financial of , all assistance Gutenberg freely Volunteers remain generations state of - is about Foundation the Literary educational Mississippi . date Foundation number The NJ contact official information , laws and is . be - found your without out its Gutenberg Foundation's contact widespread form widest permitted laws state's federal tax . Plaza . the Foundation to donations www at . readable domain and depends equipment maintaining the laws regulating takes keep up exempt the of that by Many accessible licensed tax small important outdated states and with of . particular prohibition . states no where who such . we donations of alone pages laws web accepted in card org a created . often support as with confirmed notice . gutenberg . org Gutenberg about which paper , and Literary . he search any included protected in how eBooks new newsletter help our