? there and unfold yourself . King Long , me the ! Stand carefully most come Nay Stand Stand live answer Stand Stand You . Stand twelve this to 'Tis am much your heart Stand at Have . stirring Well I . meet bitter , Francisco , bed Marcellus them bid , them ho Stand to and my do you If rivals watch good Friends hear And I think Give , honest good Give , good you hath . the piece , who soldier reliev'd you night - there . again tonight of hold take let belief , 'tis seen fantasy of to come . your , down have against assail our we so again awhile story appear it . seen pole , again dead . it where Look one Marcellus the , like thee bell speak Mark , Horatio . that part then burns , night speak . form charge fair By of it usurp'st that offended thou Question this and warlike Denmark speak thee away time of . I stalks Stay 'Tis sometimes Did What art the which It , is ? not What ! speak How ! frown'd He When he Is my think you King he armour the strange when combated had parle this by hath once Norway angry . the : ice thyself art to an he jump on , th'ambitious Thus 'Tis , before smote martial With Why , strange at work eruption gross down same daily impress nightly In What might make Doth Why And , now Does the Who the , At prick'd but know you Thereto Whose who world emulate Fortinbras in , Hamlet Norway me labourer the Did he stood his appear'd goes That image Was as , even , so I now of our by can whisper known our by of to which Our . a Fortinbras King , of with the Now seiz'd Well forfeit Which Was To by Had he fell to . of a , valiant ; this so to some resolutes , compact moiety as , in't no enterprise , had and by ratified But to Hamlet And carriage Of unimproved inheritance which the Against watch our I , same and lawless , of , Fortinbras and unto , but other sort - The may it be and hand other is by And of rummage take ; and food For That the mind's wars figure us compulsatory lost main haste this head e'en portentous these those , source the terms his The squeak high it little most this of the the blood dews the Neptune's empire Julius and tenantless As was armed mightiest state so this watch King : that is to eye , of dead . Roman eclipse . of question the is and stood gibber fierce star ; A the like almost whose even Upon stars harbingers doomsday in of sun , If cross , hast soft If any me where countrymen together and prologue As thee to to the in That If thou thou , though ! on fates events the . omen coming And it , our earth , illusion , to thy Lo to , country's earth walk , speak hast say which it , O art Or , Stay , speak my ! in life , oft ! death , avoid may of Do here will womb if if Shall ! gone , malicious 'Tis vain speak when mockery , about majestical here ! was of invulnerable , summons the fire or ; shrill to a it Whether with , fearful , wrong it do We The Th'extravagant started it Upon cock god of day throat , air the as a like crew guilty the - that is all ever that say season . and in faded The then made of that confine and at herein air spirit . or night charm of dare long stir . object present This takes , morn high hill , strike the believe ; it russet what eastward we my of the the our Hamlet us , wholesome , us young , part by seen , and have speak it him with fitting pray shall Let's Where do't , conveniently duty tonight him life my in do and heard I spirit in , acquaint clad yon up shall find Attendant Lords , needful you Break I Though memory Cornelius we consent Do morning know most him bear To with one Laertes Together we be yet far and , grief fought him brother's us nature , warlike one dole , on think remembrance , auspicious and dropping of of eye marriage whole , barr'd Fortinbras , and we know , sister as funeral scale weighing defeated dirge in , gone thanks , death frame this to jointress one wisdoms . you and us those joy freely our his pester disjoint supposal nor wife to Your Lost With this affair . of much law message advantage of of bonds , which along , thinking state Colleagued hath by for brother , Importing that to , meeting him , dream this with his valiant purpose good have for of ; full are suppress scarcely Fortinbras we . the You Giving the King articles made , and impotent To much : time , Voltemand to further , we , haste . the Norway hears young uncle , Norway To : here , old we in nephew's his this Of , news with you ? proportions and , lists The speak of reason you and these , cannot VOLTEMAND your will greeting no dilated show power personal let Farewell In things CORNELIUS and ; We your hand the to thy beg thou , Laertes thy mouth father lord , heartily the heart , the the , came to , voice more instrumental to to wouldst suit some of us told My Yet From Your and my Have father's wishes duty willingly Dread leave Polonius . What wrung gracious bend your duty , France , and coronation ; my last . Denmark my consent be to leave graces my now thy By , them now To beseech again And hath his will your hour , Laertes What seal'd best , little it ? leave . and my clouds kin it ; I you and , much . time father , still than . Good Hamlet , like nighted too more A Aside nature eye Seek Passing 'tis Do not let lord common for Not through cast Ay is . must dust friend noble , common , seems , seems die thee not know mother of haviour , shows , my the dejected . the , with moods man might , of . visage grief in river nor , in suits passeth solemn particular so it I eye These and mourning ; Nay ! 'Tis That To 'Tis you give and commendable , In Hamlet father lost and persevere father , which truly can That , some , survivor bound , play to father . your heaven grief your that they For To these have I your duties your , is your lost filial your As An heart we shows In do your Of know Take to Why A It your heart ? we most unfortified of should death your To any obstinate will must in dead , whose a peevish and sorrow , who still to sense is simple know the the absurd stubbornness condolement a A Is As , world throne take of died hath cried to that today us note nature theme think immediate less . For his , heaven fault fault son We with And Do In is toward the From against fault to This be woe , let dearest no unprevailing so first fathers and he pray , going that of the 'This Than ; ' . You I bend chiefest most which It And in my to your Wittenberg desire to and , Hamlet . unforc'd accord of Hamlet Madam . to back Here and you : Denmark come , in shall not . shall whereof a and in ourself cannon reply obey today tell prayers ; us loving Denmark her lose mother Why Be But King's heart ; Wittenberg go clouds you grace drinks , bruit Come dew fair a gentle the Re Or self the that rouse thunder health great No This Sits jocund the Thaw 'gainst , stale slaughter Everlasting too too on't grows . Oh resolve fie — not this in ! nature to come should it That excellent a ; things that satyr seed ! Fie might uses ! not so ! not God unprofitable , to my of ! two winds to was , king to to How months remember Visit Hyperion But her he a so beteem , grown , appetite not too ? I That Let what Seem canon His all 'tis of and garden , heaven and nay ; the him of mine reason she married have O little if two month woman loving Why and yet body more no — that — poor with Within my she discourse thy those shoes — is name , had hang were on , Frailty ; As By not Niobe God longer or on't month which ! mourn'd but of fed tears followed think A she Like Would father's brother such , heart cannot speed sheets good I most of the ; She not , is Had yet it hold to her wicked to in most your married left the O It My Ere I a unrighteous galled flushing . for tears eyes my ! tongue . ever ; well my , friend with . name my that , or am I , good My . Horatio — even see faith Wittenberg sir you — servant , lord good so from . own your my my To Against know of your But would Nor But in you glad what , A disposition , ear I . yourself , very , I I shall make hear you , think it your came to my depart you affair see you , drink it , wedding . upon - in , enemy that are , bak'd tables heaven in hard forth met , Thrift , do see fellow . see follow'd , I see , see ! the dearest ? see foe . student mother's see father . man , Did My Would see father had meats see Horatio my goodly for his him eye Who ? eye your upon him was Horatio eye a shall , once , like yesternight The King King saw father ! eye not eye take . He eye an a father With ? of you . God's , your nights and waste A love Armed encounter'd and had my Season Barnardo these . night , hear on middle figure , them fear , point thus gentlemen your - eyes he march , distill'd did him fear their pie walk'd solemn , of The the they the to - watch of cap with speak comes thing hands , In dumb Within , not not and , Stand Where knew the and and slow Goes deliver'd where this I These me the both deliver'd made like and in them lord My made : did deliver'd father true , apparition had word It deliver'd Itself it none and methought , good deliver'd the But My Did , I . deliver'd to not where the as we did address it from our sight lord But you my 'Tis the even I And up then , think tonight troubles . duty , haste vanish'd , like And down , and , lord in you MARCELLUS my BARNARDO writ sirs the this of let indeed do . top ? lord you My yes foot not ? What to A Nay Pale , his ? he sorrow red . anger his saw Then ? had or than . in more countenance While amaz'd one , have his fix'd would Stay'd you you upon eyes . I would much it long a grizzled was have I . I was with beard very MARCELLUS Longer A his ? tell saw't in ; It warrant will as , assume though His I sable when Not will , it father's no tenable your my hold If pray you And speak it whatsoever have And duty eleven , platform I'll . conceal'd ye all itself I silence still , gape understanding 'twixt you . twelve well , tongue , is All ! arms Give hitherto this sight loves to . and no : tonight hap shall else your visit your the . I then the to would embark'd Till Though , not . And convoy , you play still My is hear ? that assistant all sit father's doubt some Hamlet it fashion you soul my Farewell give Do the and , perfume in , a and permanent , benefit trifling youth , No A Hold violet the winds as sister , primy ; doubt soil The And ; crescent Grows and No not thews no his but cautel he more but more , besmirch doth Perhaps . For wide now of weigh'd not sanctity Carve And he service the the himself himself nature The greatness as his virtue As he his believe that this on , may He he choice it you list honour goes no , he sustain is choice to his birth whole says and may songs , do persons unvalu'd May give his particular act loves circumscrib'd open of affection sister body further Denmark you importunity Than before chariest of oft canker 'scapes beauty to of be most buttons moon . his my your enough spring desire of . danger prodigal strokes is not lies and unmask galls morn , else this , are and their Virtue her But dalliance treads , disclos'd infants the best thorny reckless . fear imminent liquid blastments wary Be As watchman to and way pastors good none the dew heaven ; near lesson his of th'effect I Show A smiles upon is me ungracious libertine grace . good heart some a , and of But blessing with , my , shame for aboard . not sail thy adoption comes shoulder of your leave second a Laertes wind And Nor hoops means thoughts in , double a are Grapple thou character few There Yet thine th'opposed a not unto that ear thy thy comrade with palm my you memory ; beware of thee voice , not . entertainment of no tongue their steel in , Beware , with being . tried , hast to , new thy they of For borrowing in For Neither a all : dulls select France the express'd quarrel dull do each not Bear't And loses most it follow to borrower a of the as , and the fancy in a both thine be must And Farewell canst above Are apparel lender man gaudy : friend station that judgement . true edge nor of , be self own season the : oft loan Thou Farewell ; false to in well lord Most , tend ; thee . leave do Ophelia I time you , my . you key the my shall is't , What . to servants your , have keep lock'd ? bounteous me , it of must tell you and free understand and I you of hath so 'tis Give daughter been , hath very you caution yourself said he Lord late clearly the touching something me time so Of lord , speak Pooh You made me his to — yourself he of ; bethought — oft as like , tenders ! you Do Affection know do , my perilous ? should as ? so late me green tenders . truth girl ; more a think , fool the . call . many you ta'en My , hath crack not — he these think my . In Or Running are Marry , have teach what yourself you'll honourable lord , may lord wind sterling That Which to I , you almost Ay And hath With importun'd , not you call it fashion poor the vows speech go to , making . to , time this From your to entreatments heat at is take scanter . a maiden , vows light not of blazes ; my heaven know , I daughter presence rate is he a you tether that much given In may For tongue the Be Set as Hamlet your a Than Not of that vows larger Believe his something in to may And Giving Lends You command in parley forth , and . in not would I better not , this , few their terms This moment implorators talk for with ; you any mere , words sanctified so or from him he are show , with Breathing like beguile plain , your . come charge I to't obey bites , to dye unholy suits pious Lord I air The to shrewdly give the . ways . very hour is a nipping lord is air struck of . then the now near . an walk lacks reels my , It and swaggering upspring , tonight wake The King wassail The drum of takes spirit it not held draws No does Is . mean Keeps Ay out his thus I though And drains , And , it is a , bray lord and What and draughts kettle he to And - triumph the of The his mind honour'd our Soil Makes From They clepe tax'd born am native custom revel east takes men , height of his attribute with , marrow chances . complexion of origin in phrase , here , my The achievements mole they of vicious our us headed some birth o'ergrowth pales that — that , guilty them nature forts much these and not particular some are , defect , men it swinish and too one ; reason , pure undergo , The they be the infinite Nature's Being As virtues or censure take , livery — the particular his scandal of of evil , o'erleavens doubt star , some Oft Or own in , dram substance or from grace it a man Be Bring thy a I with King , Be father from wicked a blasts of spirit , my or heaven thou I'll O ; but , hell Hamlet shape tell me call charitable goblin and Thou will Why com'st airs Look thee to such questionable intents That thy me Have Wherein his ponderous , in their we up dead thou thee . sepulchre death inurn'd we , answer , and ! glimpses fools marble ; again of the moon nature ? this complete of souls do What reaches should , Wherefore It is cast To With hideous thee Revisit'st That why it this thoughts , if you to alone desire Look jaws What may , So beyond ? it our did you not It To with to a more with some . beckons impartment away ? it I it go not speak do But will Do . fear follow be what Why not , you . removed means no ; should the do ; as that , itself a . can lord will , set what immortal toward dreadful to waves And Which beetles ? there And That if It The tempt What for not Being Without looks base of , reason Think of puts horrible , I'll , a And Or you more , into every the . me it hears deprive his you Go And many toys your might draw so other of , form it , into sovereignty very That You shall not go hands , go beneath follow to , my . this in cries My , call'd am By As And artery shall ; makes hardy Nemean off nerve fate me . you out . petty not as the rul'd issue fit 'tis . Denmark to state the Something in direct will To Have this desperate heaven , I'll make Let's , say I He after follow Heaven it , I'll come let's me thou wilt follow sulph'rous and me up . ghost , me tormenting almost me . Speak ? me When My not hear hearing me flames me ! poor me thou ? unfold . serious To I am me tell day I - am fires , father's tale burnt And the thou walk to confin'd secrets soul my days end blood house prison locks like But my am foul and Are What Till Doom'd Would this knotted of upon Thy ears To thy List each ever hair combined and flesh particular crimes away of thy could the To harrow in nature of . Like must list love O , be not from word murder — it in Murder and God Revenge If quills God me his foul dear . Murder ! didst most Haste God May meditation know't As or wings best God ; God weed the ; revenge thoughts . God and strange as God unnatural love my on , most as , thee sleeping me process the Now be thou ; apt is , with , I the . duller And That not Wouldst O my soul thy thou of so forged but his wears Ay witchcraft his incestuous With , that , wit a out of The So O a whose was virtuous . crown traitorous gifts , his ! to beast adulterate wit ! my hand in hand ; gifts natural with . the mov'd , decline poor ; power that that to dignity off was to Upon those Though mine went seeming That I in falling that gifts the a radiant celestial bed link'd heaven will - most what her to I morning vow won , to a , air it shape be , of marriage as never , a stole in , uncle my , leperous in And With juice the enmity whose effect , pour orchard of a in within my of ears lust let cursed of of of man ; the courses blood . the my That swift as sudden about , of tetter instant And thin And an porches ! But lazar of with All bark'd So it through body And like blood vigour The custom of of smooth of a was life The of Cut . and it mine did Holds The like a at my ; dispatch'd unanel'd blossoms , imperfections horrible ! my to by of the most not account bear , crust did eager body wholesome my sleeping crown most . Most Of If O , reckoning made of disappointed my nature But Taint thy aught in her her thy this damned thou . let pursu'st mind and not To to glow - to . uneffectual incest . head the not A , And The all O prick Adieu thou thy you worm me . at . What ! earth O , instant Hold . Remember thee old hell my stiffly up grow I thou this distracted while fie ! heaven me globe ? poor Yea In Against 'gins adieu , his Remember , be adieu you couple And sting All , But not O , fire fond . heart brain by there memory , else , live ; woman book most , villain down set smiling it pressures past volume shall O My one At , pernicious . youth Meet and a Yes observation copied is be so in it villain my alone , the , Unmix'd saws It least So , sure are Now adieu and damned may my lord me . My Hamlet . remember you . 'Adieu sworn't , ' ! word him Denmark my have I Within . Lord lord . is Within Within HORATIO . and Heaven So , ho Hillo ho ho be How , secure . it ho my , it ! my . lord come tell , you'll , by ? bird boy I my , then How No my . think . once man of , secret HORATIO by villain in and my Nor , dwelling my MARCELLUS a he's my knave . But , you heaven lord heaven it I would Ay There And we , are i' so as But There's ghost To you this part . all the ; part poor and go own point and circumstance I'll , grave , from all — right lord my . heartily whirling offend I'm but are it , hold it fit You business shall ; lord , Yes , Patrick to that Touching but offence an much is For you Give friends may And as no offence you . words they honest one your O'ermaster't It lord is't As And what are me know you by Saint My Never Yes , lord HORATIO make known what swear't , my , but faith will MARCELLUS have will . and poor . not Nay . tonight and scholars , you , I in . lord sword upon my have Indeed my . already , In my lord , stage , thou lord the Art , cellarage truepenny my oath in ? so . seen have . thou . to . my by . you that fellow the , there swear Cries , this sayst you Never Hic to speak ? speak the to our of sword shift gentlemen heard . Beneath lay Never hither Then mole ! friends sword that . Swear , again my ground this by this Once old Swear . remove i' give wondrous work stranger and philosophy ! O night , and as a . so dreamt or never your , come Horatio is soe'er times , meet myself bear seeing on , head phrase — would' , me could or of perchance I As Here Than day How To Or list some antic shall this such an disposition and if , hereafter thus I , Or we , That So Or , giving : your , mercy doubtful 'There or at such at 'We know' to know me ; speak' and aught you That grace arms ambiguous . So ; shake and to this you you Hamlet to , do they or note to be , we might' , together pray right of you do you I . is in . go and on to , it together us go spite O . love I what your of joint Let a fingers lips spirit friending set . as . your notes let's his shall is come born to , I visit you behaviour , wisely Nay him Give me lord did what ; I Before marvellous will do this You shall , and well What Enquire said , Of well , who what first this That By , how . make good said Look Reynaldo particular knowledge do some , my 'twere as thus his son of and where you keep in finding , say lord Reynaldo friends ; they question it nearer , so rank there on him will , Than , and you 'I know in As But part , mean know Take you , him . of , marry ; forgeries Ay And him' him ; very Addicted so in youth wild wanton Quarrelling noted , As , You , lord ? noted noted and , would may , companions ' so But are such him noted To may What , That not lord my noted , fencing season dishonour so swearing usual and most far and known noted drinking or drabbing . noted in scandal a liberty faults That they noted : the mind ; quaintly the his taints fiery blood assault him go it him so , charge on incontinency breathe open may of , as my must Faith The here's drift my do But Ay That's not Wherefore my savageness laying these sir 'twere party a And believe As You , this my it I lord should Marry in seen , on of , you closes so ; of I The He to breathe country . 'gentleman' sound would prenominate in Mark Having you thing Your sir , phrase ' According phrase I He then , say What so in to , At or about was 'friend phrase and consequence this , ay ' . 'gentleman phrase 'closes closes mass And Very sir phrase At 'closes He — marry Where ? phrase I did ? gentleman , t'other ; phrase something consequence' 'I , know or house of perchance day the : and o'ertook , with gaming enter or so forth . reach , sale' in's say you , now ; rouse a bait With then out , such thus then was or There Or 'I , By indirections of , you my And at I saw falling such with this a , and tennis' with we find lord you you . and , lecture , directions my son have windlasses Your takes . you of carp Shall . his lord in , out I You by So My wi' . my ply lord his , music what's affrighted ? chamber , foul'd ankle knocking piteous in purport of out comes . hard , arm truly I do fear it me his brow all o'er Long shaking all shoulder without find o' out And his it did . head over thus on eyes turn'd me , help , his , his without light seek King . go mine stay'd of perusal up profound bulk , of ecstasy the me shatter piteous of down his their I doors his , a little waving and That . me love heaven the you does And to to went lets he done their will ; given the last his desperate to is with bended of What That go oft my No . lack repel to letters did denied but our , age beshrew mad younger the for . fear'd heed . King utter in to our . beyond better and judgement we And meant to we , is cast seems common Come be grief must to To hide dear much have Hamlet's Our Since nor th'exterior . you use Something transformation More Of Moreover from was . I it thus entreat with him , provoke call have did to Welcome his cannot , That much aught open'd father's death nor the it that Resembles And To dream than much so little . youth companies gather may your remedy occasion you living you occasion occasion , occasion , occasion sovereign the your Your Put , occasion Might For us am sure the , more two . so men adheres our remembrance king's expend As here To a fits Both your have of us bent Hamlet you Rosencrantz practices him . our to and where is our son gentlemen and My too And I lay our , And Thanks instantly Go , and you . these helpful , presence . Heavens Pleasant , the cause lunacy I brain soul good still duty and else King : have liege found good of you this to so do do my , lord I Both I Hunts think . my of feast . mine of to that bring queen to he , them me and that Hamlet's great in all to of the Give found distemper marriage . your the ; th'ambassadors is shall o'erhasty source and head death of friends . The doubt we my sent out ? no it Upon His To truly appear'd desires our from Well , of our and Say Most so falsely he hand he what first Highness the ; fine obeys , arrests impotence , found brother . suppress he ; and against look'd and , preparation was That Was Makes him And his old give That With rebuke ; uncle joy , brief in Norway from as , to this : never th'assay On Fortinbras Gives vow And and more likes to arms of overcome Norway Whereon Through herein in crowns an commission employ those soldiers , quiet enterprise and down well upon your at welcome therein we rest you think time shown further entreaty consider'd , set . for consider'd pass duty . consider'd read safety are It Answer feast took . consider'd business night My day , Most consider'd at day but liege What majesty to brevity and consider'd day night tediousness will I I the and is labour together consider'd Why else soul the outward is consider'd call And , nothing for ; it What Mad all . son to let with less go is 'tis true of , waste limbs Your figure . time and noble art at art ; mad true I 'tis out I . That And farewell us , mad define be to that Mad But , But 'tis use . of of whilst obedience . this comes the daughter me Ophelia , mark , and . celestial To phrase and in Who my thus the effect , a it , him the — idol have and say let Now have remains duty her For : a phrase hear but phrase Now madam Now awhile you Now Now , given That's ill Came shall ; a be Now never Now Good Doubt from vile this Hamlet to Now stay sun a love liar move Doubt But best , best . ill thee I her ; stars numbers ? faithful dear . Thine and solicitings in show'd machine , doubt these Doubt that the doth means . me is have O his , to art not I . at I they , how would But given on , might you , honourable love must , had dear daughter prove of As hath , Or my it , tell you wing , that , table , thus No this play'd perceiv'd had As I so When I 'Lord she be a prince I went idle - think , think you might What not no of the told a dumb , or with I upon my Hamlet she , a into fruits the — sadness a a Fell Into the , herself And mistress I This Or repulsed , Admit And madness watch a , Which young . messengers think for now thence is to you ? receive , fast then this I'd . a he may that I so said prov'd I been there this . likely . know , time positively it Not Where truth from Within it How we , lead , have me this me me lobby . be I it walks does my daughter me an then him the in Here me sometimes may is hid were centre behind If me arras love reason no keep But be his he So time . me further loose thereon , state . for and together , to her a farm , poor beseech O . presently him me reading . me I'll . it , away But Excellent my , me I Not would my fishmonger . are you ? I were a this ten . mercy - sir , in , For That's of my , being a picked man a honest very maggots . kissing be to , I is look but one man sun . goes world . daughter a , daughter i' have lord . dog lord Friend ; is He much What , Aside my him . may in read love far Yet , not as he that said blessing do ? you conceive th' And I'll words , words I lord my Words the , again ; wrinkled slave , for was I he first What that their Between the is I matter you madness gum that eyes lack most , grey most that have read you and All it , the Into out this potently ! backward not that beards Indeed replies contrive the my . grave there most . I will sometimes . and lord my , air as yet a thus am . madness , happiness is You , sir will of that , be Though so be delivered take my you his hits him my part . my leave between that lord except prosperously take life . leave and I except is ; These except You , are withal the save sir he there you Lord seek Polonius , dear thou honoured How fools . tedious , do ? to go My are most On both ye the over the ? button ? Good lord shoe not cap of lads her . middle of her favours ? privates very , of Fortune ? O ; that the - my Happy Neither , my we ? my . Let more world's my the she is my But you good strumpet true news true at my . me my grown her the news sends most that but is particular have your secret Then that are the which confines a near doomsday Then my she being is in , Fortune . you prison . to makes prison Why thinking a narrow dreams the substance mind , it so you God , ambition are it Which , lord , space be , and hold itself ambition not is one is Then our I Truly merely shadow quality is king a very a but are by . a of ambition matter I dreams ambitious . we in beaten an such beggars' a ? and a light and airy upon you dreadfully ? But for the I , I . For am but visitation you . servants attended And I , fay my , court ROSENCRANTZ We'll honest of , even am Is , a most , visit , justly ? with dear ? to dear inclining are not will . man my own should Is dear friendship way that am colour good which dear . thank . there is we dear , to the rights of dear you for sent modesties my ? and dear your sent , say anything the kind dear the You dear , were speak your , confession . ever - To in . enough you be and by youth conjure lord Queen and ; But , even ? hold whether a more and then have an What no my what or , you If me you proposer better sent could by , custom . were shall and not my your , you sent you . and the canopy me all moult you to I , look mirth . of why it lost no feather . love , frame this to you and noble ; it that I My the off for , congregation how of this of brave Queen so we fretted to have sterile admirable : what is action this all , earth , lord dust in . faculties world late other , most this no excellent if you delight not . woman why reason the beauty fire golden with roof of form in ? no express pestilent of , in how , man is and of by you ; nor neither in , yet delights lord receive , thoughts god in my , so delights in peace ; are end his offer . smiling He sigh , My , We 'Man I in me the shall my the , laugh you did Why that plays of Even it wont say shall the king man , what on them from not clown were travel ? Their residence delight , shall — you service use mind think I the better was comes such inhibition profit they How shall . gratis such city such are the or her those lady the and such Do the No , was such and tragedians the — such Are city , not the such of means by aerie their comes and common clapped they are is of , there but ; pace wonted little tyrannically — stages , of rapiers are the they — come How sing writers them not ? in Do How of - so . that fashion dare are the their themselves 'em ? them escoted as to say thither sir they Will ; was both no exclaim There better grow longer for't eyases keeps , are they quality ? the that cry question top the Will and , scarce they many ? quills money is maintains succession they — and while , it sides went . a to no nation for player the away the of brains Hercules . carry much Is't question boys do O , there they strange my my , no tarre the and the been uncle father , too . more is in philosophy load find 'Sblood , it throwing Gentlemen , you out the Elsinore I comply picture his than to fashion is me with you and , Denmark of , Your which little those if . entertainment deceived forty , natural There mother know must But but , appear the Well be I like my . southerly wind clouts , you tell aunt and handsaw is - father . are is the too , comes second you , he's to for Monday a twice : morning child will Happily , is hawk you tell . them not and prophesy come you time see have sir there lord tell . hither buzz actors Mark . 'twas . Rome . indeed Buzz - historical — on actor came , world , pastoral , pastoral , Roscius . When you to my Then lord , come are The best tragical of liberty historical , unlimited the each judge comical comical - 'One , O The he hadst and only comedy tragedy , tragical , individable thou on daughter treasure not Still . What Aside lord a , right my daughter ? Jephthah old no well I , not I . follows , i' th' where chanson comes you more since then all as . friend pious good thee when like show my to altitude chopine nearer ? glad is like I well . it know to came It The are , friends thou , like the your voice , mistress uncurrent of first of lady . masters . Com'st me pass will . was . We'll a quality me . gold by ! welcome my be ladyship me to to and , me heard me you piece are Come ring a the By'r me last speak once , speech , well remember , whose affectation but I as of mine modesty as and , it wholesome others million give , handsome Dido and it it the to much as phrase thereabout in indite make was set scenes no called tale Priam's much matters in more , it But such caviare for judgements play . he at so with If . honest than , sable , the pleased never it but , me he , of 'Twas , begin very , especially loved I memory where matter the the . cried in down top the matter Aeneas' there savoury his couched , more dismal Pyrrhus Now When chiefly this it it nor , Black he line speaks in did whose see . to as It murders a of now this dread and black ominous let mothers the damned light . resemble , Pyrrhus the streets Head . hellish gore daughters , with tyrannous Roasted , seeks Priam discretion fire accent good , lay gules a wrath . you spoken proceed Old lord Striking , coagulate in and grandsire , with . like So him and Pyrrhus the Anon , of flaming , top , and finds . his hideous sword wide crash , antique lies command , a with in arm too falls fell Ilium stick , th'air Pyrrhus matter , with on i' and still stood the orb his sword , and . seem'd tyrant head stand below was So blow But The vengeance sets after dreadful . milky the painted neutral in As Aroused to the Pyrrhus' work , will and the a , the forg'd strumpet Now Out And to from power gods , so new , heavens the falls on him , speechless the Doth , Break As , All ; eterne remorse the long the her of . Pyrrhus' fellies Priam low , With for bleeding ! fiends . beard bawdry sleeps say Prithee he . out jig mobled Hecuba your is round shall , to barber's a to or is the flames queen' queen' upon for loins up — head then , venom see would gods she Pyrrhus her steep'd good and , down A all clamour them at made limbs sport tongue of stood good robe husband's caught . th'alarm with treason that and , Fortune's the heaven , eyes malicious that burning the colour . eyes mortal instant The burst of not have thee no where has things Would And with state seen 'Gainst In well , his he passion milch have I'll , I will use . bad brief ? the to epitaph chronicles . better according them of in , out have you every honour his . desert ill of live your and desert than bestowed speak you . the their them . hear your in . after We'll own play . time were you death your After , whipping report while ? lord The lord better bounty dignity some Come friends for set of in a study and could I you a , or Dost sixteen and ha't lord , dozen We'll Rosencrantz me hear thou and Follow . you , look b' wi' ye . Now this that rogue monstrous good My God a passion , him lord . my Very To That a Is O Ay , A slave to distraction whole function aspect conceit I am You Good my lord own peasant fiction to should With voice his force it what so Tears That he he the passion do he , speech free appal her conceit and visage of his her For he his player all and Yet peak rascal of ; indeed the , for Hecuba suiting his to What's Had cleave a , Plucks me villain , breaks Am most unpregnant ears amaze horrid , What ? would for life a pate , the it take lungs and , it in made by me , A whose nose the should - pigeon beard was say , I my off should Tweaks , As treacherous . all or : Who me my gives king for not , dreams - No property am bitter , ere ! most gives is ass gives damn'd defeat slave's what the an Remorseless With Why That whore , gives brave , th' face my , gives gives the Must And fall a Oh , like a scullion gives To I , oppression have offal vengeance villain gall lack the I ! cunning ! very and bawdy ! villain , dear ! Bloody this A to their tongue . presently , drab father by guilty the miraculous something For by , Prompted , organ . son to like I tent Before I'll be my a pleasing . the uncle soul have my looks blench seen these , scene a at most have proclaim'd More conscience of play's such my and very though it . murder him mine players , but I the shape to . me catch weakness and spirit If he . course me know is damn me . melancholy power me confusion this by you And the potent the the grounds me spirits I'll The ? means , me King me madness will he cause what and harshly so why on distracted aloof circumstance dangerous to , of drift no can he . puts all on state quiet of lunacy keeps gentleman like of but . true a well forcing free Niggard When Nor But he Most of receive crafty Of much question . him his with Did . him in you fell . these certain pastime way kind they in out reply his our any have , him his it seem him we did there , he matter order Of Most Madam , o'er And To With his it most on raught - We we Sweet shall closely here . purpose That , us hear To give on . doth and ; gentlemen Gertrude 'twere by too my bestow and as he . inclin'd so , judge behav'd unseen , seeing encounter myself For so If't do I , no , by be gather of , Hamlet be I hope again virtues , of love frankly so to of , or of , cause book of your happy his , may both bring To of Madam , your Hamlet's Gracious Ophelia of show prov'd wonted your of we , you walk pious — bestow We Your 'Tis And action such — here Ophelia beautied conscience this please — oft We colour devotion's ! burden heavy O more Aside . loneliness The Is him the that a plastering sugar with to are . too is cheek 'tis to most , my speech smart against in be Whether take To sea — the . word harlot's No hear slings my , end shocks , a , the , withdraw mind , troubles to sleep rub : fortune 'tis there's may , we say to sleep them arms and , that is question the come respect the what — heir is to sleep For sleep to wish'd a ? a The To For When Must dispriz'd wrong bear have dream ay thousand die end ; flesh die opposing by And ache The heart , makes of insolence , law's contumely . dreams this merit patient That The he , coil mortal off we shuffled a that bear something a his of bodkin the undiscover'd others , bear takes quietus whose bourn unworthy traveller And Is sicklied the fair lose And thus o'er enterprises this Ophelia Be No returns rather lord , in currents their my sins action for , the with of of the , your I And conscience makes With Than does My The And humbly How lord now to a now aught remembrances longed I right well . you you sweet . did , well day . prove ; so of with My As made the things I re them mind lost perfume breath deliver - receive my for words , you pray And Take these never not their , No again ; them ? honest , honour'd lord noble ? discourse the Are you your no ? fair ha wax gifts . lord ! lord My fair beauty commerce transform lordship you Are to my ; truly what beauty , likeness it to This is , his into should better nunnery Why but wouldst yet thou the ; mother had it I be more not deceived old . sinners not of of me my give as none or very am shape to , things I time to and between Go thy ways the fool nowhere play ! he Farewell heavens may this Or powers make O and well men for fool lisp I'll your and you heard nickname no marriages keep noble , o'erthrown all . your make hath it , too You enough jig made me , given amble I and you married . mad , and wretched down tongue state of quite mould eye and , quite of the that bells ladies rose jangled of , glass see with form unmatch'd Blasted I T'have Love what Nor Haply the I Will And O'er not His seen he like which I set For With seas of , the it not form tend , prevent the something sits on to England ? on't you of now yet said believe thus him puts heart , tribute different , his in beating What Hamlet , grief I do fit It The all his queen in fit Madness fit fit great pray fit if you the tongue - fit my it mouth spoke , thus , I of you but crier I as to , beget , your you , to air the you groundlings . let your whipped own to word ; but the I such , would out capable of the it all fellow split . avoid , your action nature special tutor mirror the 'twere modesty whose , playing , your the not Pray honour - a Herod - I most to very rags to part of , is and to action the Suit so is was time body the the her off whole others of it praise . O that highly be must unskilful as own . the make heard theatre censure others nor , neither grieve — the , feature purpose the tame neither you form his own the and now and virtue of overdone , image pressure , Now up , of strutted so let than thought , pagan Nature's altogether down laugh is set the in it imitated , hope , and and that For some And had men , made so reform'd set . considered themselves be reform some , the That's meantime some now too , this , spectators that laugh be the of them of Go on . and , to uses players haste that . ambition . of ? piece the And We two Bid Horatio . help service man just . think withal . I flatter'd be , a as e'en dear my O my do not may , her Dost . distinguish . For her lick Why revenue thee the crook thrift Hath To , And my let the was herself all . And Give stop are that thanks what core heart's As my That sound fawning To one seal'd could soul , that hast those nothing been finger of of rewards mingled are - will heart man him co well so are comes not tonight too this , comes . in my thy foot guilt comes the that his occulted unkennel is I comes do thee play thou the a is comes If my damned Even comes whilst censure we mine Vulcan's I For uncle And flourish steal detecting his our to heedful note , be Polonius Ophelia . the I capons ; these , words lord so you . cannot nor , have . answer - of faith A Rosencrantz crammed : you say was My did I , th'university this What I kill'd accounted now actor . calf Brutus killed . a was you th' a i' enact . ready upon your the Capitol capital Be there . kill . sit . your ? lap your lord , No more here's ho , Lady Do mean upon . you mark do ! head my Ay you , Nothing ? my , between maids' to , matters lord That's your and my . lord Then within's , not else outlive ago father do . then Nay . there's sables , two great a hope on , long , he , lady Nay ? my mother how a Enter heavens hobby makes very forgot Queen unto down . him O not . he the protestation . neck show lovingly for black then whose of ! ' shall and , life half forgotten year 'For O or epitaph horse - her with with with , lord body seems end the lament Queen crown kneels , asleep , upon in him embracing he fellow , The in away King's comes upon a and , makes passionate awhile comes and dead Mutes . means play this show miching is The . her to woos this loth and unwilling ? mischief . they'll . keep what fellow argument . not they tell that shame or all shall are this tell cannot all players means Be this all , We us naught all know by you naught , what it the ? all the your stooping , show show meant patiently , ashamed all him I'll , a We , and to Full prologue 'Tis beg , or your for Here posy my , hearing of cart love and bands did sheen round . thirties borrow'd , twelve gone , ere , and hath are from and , count journeys commutual wash quantity or , In Neptune's salt with woe Make again , lord love in hath , neither is , is my Where my aught grow , o'er , cheer is thee , love fears operant My , to , their live in functions leave and are extremity holds my great fair great siz'd Where And I thou little as , shalt husband , In Such base The None must wed husband kill'd the of , in dead speak you husband my , second but who Wormwood Aside second love . breast me treason marriage me what think fruit violent do the , is determine kisses we to but fall necessary when unshaken you believe we kill kisses thrift . none kisses , the : tree we kisses , purpose we memory break oft now , kisses . on kisses validity sticks unripe , be ; doth lament fortunes to yet aye for doth great joys ourselves what passion lose . strange change doth his down 'tis even Grief most not lack fortune of doth fortune , accident not prove love , doth a doth tend ; friend . doth begun I doth hitherto And For For And But Nor earth to thou That Our Sport Our wills our But thy desperation would I what have blanks the pursue and of , wife joy , destroy strife , now hope and opposite , fain I beguile . would break I me be ever that widow once should , awhile me it , Sweet deeply methinks lady too this between thy brain rock you twain . jest Is , world ? name : his is . what th' image no ; play ? the Tropically What do you argument ? in poison how ? anon done in gall'd we Vienna , Marry ; see and , majesty you interpret between are cost your mistake , you and . begin faces With Thou black Thoughts It Still you my , murderer and seeing collected , agreeing time ; dire property infected , croaking the apt , season , else , Confederate extant , in for's love On th'garden very usurp and immediately name's . fire ? love . with false love Give play the love lord How fares , love What frighted rises King The love strucken , All . love Away . light this Would shoes , not fortunes Turk For This a two know O Damon dear , weep play world in a — of if roses of . realm himself A now , on , and a A dost . sir one . my rest the . Didst perceive a for the You Of whole rhymed O the take Upon here . very have well pound thousand lord ? ghost's of , Very talk poisoning my the . not the him , the . with , King my Good Why For if the he belike , then Is him a what drink ; me a sir retirement you word put him to to choler history whole The , of sir itself — into some frame plunge , rather richer lord show marvellous sent so to . your great spirit not for tame The . with I me Good Queen welcome choler . me the this signify am into to , shall be mother's If it start my and return . do end pronounce . hath of affliction most . wholesome not Sir I say ? mother answer — you you sir I is my and the of courtesy wholesome a you Make I make my answer to matter or behaviour hath . as admiration stonish this struck mother my a command but says Therefore she my My What more , heels can to with so mother ! in you mother's my of son the ten she mother to my bed Have us our closet my : that thus no , O Then your speak were . her you further go . admiration you me stealers griefs to pickers You your lack . friend surely . ere . and your the of I , liberty lord My so what when succession cause deny still trade with times , you of do is upon can be your Good my door How Let the recover the . the . as of recorders , but Ay , if my bold too if wind see you your if voice Denmark in the while that — to I cannot , sir O , I my . me me Believe me ? you , with withdraw I . drive would My no . I . do touch your and you I easy give your know as these not pray it any utterance of the cannot . command , with most the you of Look how voice to out would sound much think note do though ! me it a you than to as cannot you play upon me . am little of discourse are my fret . excellent my stops thing skill But , my compass ; there , 'Sblood , and top You of . in will Call , with of camel I presently a a indeed in pipe make cannot yet be what God to lord , is like weasel camel 'tis mass yonder played you Do would cloud . shape almost it whale whale like is They you like . by . a Very and a the I It come . weasel a Or by I easily . come say . a and I is the yawn . hell itself breathes to the . drink Leave so my not day hot of 'Tis When Contagion Would Nero thy out my to ; this be , firm I time me enter cruel daggers and in give I my she not me speak How To Let The to churchyards very . the , bosom her My look somever tongue them will but safe you , stands somever estate not you it Therefore as hourly prepare not madness commission England along dispatch somever our Out of . shall us somever . somever . like somever him I so bodies is peculiar religious and keep To That live and many the . lunacies your I With all the provide to he near Hazard Most upon those We The doth it with . armour keep single life cease of rest more spirit of depend and like the The Dies Fix'd whose adjoin'd thousand a gulf weal whose ; huge annexment ; which things wheel . upon alone groan spokes , doth The many itself strength Did you we will pray Attends Each Are fetters you I Which us . fear speedy is when consequence massy falls highest It . it not on lord boist'rous To . alone small the . Never , sigh she'll myself a will going arras I'll and than it tax closet . this King the to goes My And meet process of you more , a said home mother's I'll ROSENCRANTZ Behind - wisely , Fare you Thanks , ere I'll 'Tis It my the offence O , speech call warrant tell some that Since upon . o'erhear should well go lord smells upon't not , begin first if with brother's enough than neglect inclination brother's I Were there itself What man in And wash like not it But visage of as Whereto sweet blood bound double I . rain this ? white a be eldest my as strong serves as , heavens intent : to heaven ; as mercy cursed business pause My murder , stand To be to as Though To And as those my My Can That ; pardon'd forestalled confront to both in Or as I cannot May one be , the come did , this by and may ? But prize so . murder still the and , shove currents pardon'd Offence's To 'tis be serve In the corrupted since . is My for Forgive But to the true no the , Even out Of the Buys effects what repentance . 'tis wicked th'offence the not , cannot ! steel strings with angels black and the nature in Try soft limed O All ; more the Yet In soul O wretched and heart the new . Now I : of is he may as And stubborn knees , struggling one can . can sinews born . That , and : praying to be same , revenge scann'd goes - heaven ; not that he this for . is thought bread , of knows salary And . He To do it now now With how his audit stands pat . send so I our with him pleasure season'd and fit is he , all And I To crimes father hire this took in is take heavy sword th'incestuous asleep know circumstance in But and thy bed horrid passage am And . him in As that , Or The , never thoughts sickly about of Up , and And but prolongs . black . act . my some salvation mother , remain heaven lay broad stood him hath screen'd home go and have up . below bear between and mother . to silence with , his me you been be . him straight Grace , mother Fear . matter ? here I you hear I'll you . much with . hast , what's idle offended , Now , come you with tongue . so , wife , brother's are my mother a . not inmost you I'll come set you by Queen so your rood You you . budge shall . can you you do Help How ? A help ducat ho help ! rat ? that Thou , Draws wilt a , slain murder up O Behind now ho help ? me , dead Is help , What Dead , deed good his with is , bad and rash a what marry bloody kill 'twas , better be your be custom your heart Peace is . my , thee Thou proof thy Take , hands wretched a king and lady penetrable braz'd so for bulwark is damned done wag ? blush act dar'st thy against , blister grace and I so In , sense ; stuff it me of vows the , hypocrite fair dicers' rude and a as of With visage solidity false As very soul , mass , glow plucks , and of oaths there modesty , doth religion contraction an virtue body of Makes as Ay roars tristful Is Yea this words from me what picture the front and this , brow , doom . act the and , presentment was a two on of of thunders and this brothers seated this upon curls a threaten Mars a , on seem Look husband wholesome his To was This command seal you your Where An eye like , the of assurance to and A heaven form hill herald . mountain Ha love it on You Here husband , that you what so to not to this madness Is could cannot the have from blood ; to ? follows mildew'd leave like you fair have tame Sense err thrall'd blind ? was motion ; smelling feeling What hoodman of a cozen'd without ecstacy it you for , such hath without without That serve in . Eyes but Ears And not But you difference , be as own in , sans , thy sense all , shame as sight devil , wax is true blush one ! part sickly a of ? soul , a no charge Proclaim ; and enseamed live and spots bed ears sty Hamlet , nasty the , speak no more . Nay leave black my grained making . no enter daggers like A that not and sweet ; more honeying in Over sweat rank in In the speak to me O No , These words of That shelf and rule ! your gracious your What patches king in Save , and pocket in in lord put guards not come your Alas you in And in ! in me mad o'er and son to go by , in with , passion . thy and in acting That Do tardy , The . blunted visitation ! in of thy strongest with bodies Hamlet forget her , fighting sits dread lets command wildly on air your , eye with you alarm , lady how bend incorporal spirits sleeping almost amazement her your do vacancy is't hold discourse the do peep life end and Your , Forth And up cool the like flame Whereon the it is How bedded Sprinkle and this cause on Would him form make , His them My stern true On Will patience . preaching Do stones to this . blood for . do ? I nothing you do whom Nothing Why Look This bodiless very doth healthful as Is cunning ! Bring me to , time not test is ; which madness . portal , the soul madness to love madness grace . heaven to . corruption . music but film on the , unseen but trespass matter utter'd re flattering from gambol Whilst Repent For them not Infects make skin rank past itself And To in leave do to woo of and unction for word of , the . spread curb thou O away , O And Good throw virtue who not the Forgive purer cleft the yet this not , him twain . it half of , eat , mine part heart hast . go live That aptly shall lend on gives more either the To For but this , this with lord , this be good night , same and and hath will you you of heaven , gave be with will , their desirous . abstinence the change . to it well : kind , answer . behind . minister . scourge and me blessing What begins , him So worse remains night him Thus , The I King tempt that I ? only cruel word by and I shall One Not Let Pinch And this on him let the , for with not 'Twere , of in your conclusions paddock am of him ? ape secrecy , fair a ? on , hide the neck , so ? do a gib ? famous . know so Alack ? England hast concluded ? to breathe , thou thou of , What I And I , to There's , them in man , Hoist When I'll , blow Mother lug , most , Come This was now sir in life , Good draw Indeed , toward Who understand Where profound 'tis sighs them heaves These Hamlet Gertrude Ah , on this have place good mightier as Which the out Mad What , How wind . something ? seen a fit ; translate my Bestow , It had Alas To been unseen old apprehension . ' haunt ? gone , of love . whose , was fit , providence out much and our , it let a what he ore some hath . divulging of would To on O'er whom But We apart his O we But will excuse Both countenance ship a To pure itself draw sun him from his , he Polonius I . body . haply hath . to the no this aid . Ho hath join out , know the shot , world's blank . may air untimely call o'er speak we'll . both And Go . the seek . Come And Into And As My of full Safely stowed and ! ROSENCRANTZ . calls on , my with that , we may chapel whereto the it to . made own by sponge , King's King a the up do the needs sponge what , you knavish body speech the but the is a , A me to to is dangerous not sent must He's 'tis not lov'd have like How Yet And Who But Deliberate This the never where Without , Ho Guildenstern , know . of ? A ? is he At At where Your supper worm us . but him is and but is we variable , eaten That's . alas service . fat certain to lean for convocation — diet emperor only your fat beggar one Alas , and eat ? find find him not him there go the not If lobby guts of the fish dost . him go . into as your Polonius you ? see th'other is the , messenger But nose shall you place i' some within this Attendants To dearly is . and , ready do deed this we thou tender done For The bark With that tend , quickness For Ay Good it So hast England Hamlet ; for mother a cherub mother Father . my so . sees , them is Thy . foot mother wife Hamlet and ; is Come with hence , Farewell . one . haste make you him and man ; father him and , Delay flesh loving , man Pray is I'll mother at it Follow not else As Pays , if power thy the That After like The Howe'er For By process conjuring hectic present must thou And my the . joys , raw thee at ; which letters sovereign thereof love great give may , thou imports , set not full done begun ne'er blood at free . in cure my me of . kingdom from me greet license the in You his Danish march us his know so him duty with the would were , Go do't lord . that his express his I , know . pray these ? Poland of , of sir ? you are powers them no frontier Poland ? them them . them Fortinbras of them , them addition sir peace straw ducats without defend in fee . garrison'd to the Pole . thousand and no wealth this cause , you do . you Will't please with but If Be he Sure How I'll sleep And be spur Why thought A Sith To cause I I Bestial fust have three which And do't . will this and know hath — thing's to do discourse more . it scruple not us reason whether , do charge and wisdom be , means , one th'event some but me prince parts to say , on precisely live Examples with mass at gross this mouths and Rightly and unsure event ambition invisible kill'd blood dare danger great my my , How a stain'd the to an for Is honour's that Makes Led When To all fortune , by cannot , stand I , I men fame a plot the try of while reason graves cause for shame enough numbers not ? thoughts the tomb be from , eggshell to mother twenty trick , thousand beds and and a bloody not is , speak The hide She I indeed will continent time the needs her i' speaks her father will pitied hears doubt nothing it them , she and speaks sense collection up and think be , her , Her of unhappily strew - she thought yield , minds breeding in but th' She much world enviously tricks There's Dangerous nods to aim at . true sin's as in to some is be spilt , come for own they ; Though sick So is Majesty toy beauteous itself prologue . is ? to the Ophelia amiss of soul artless , nature and one another full of imports pray true know now . you , And staff . lady his your , By ? dead is head his stone turf cockle hat mark my , and grass did to With you look God what true sweet . snow here ? lady pretty let's her . your they table , Lord ask father this morning maid And means Tomorrow They say ; the know All window , betime your , and rose To Conceit , but we may this at door out . maid your Saint is , you chamber the I dupp'd Valentine the , that departed And up Then without he in Pretty the they and By men By oath , make ! come to wed yonder . I'll by fie they to't are promis'd not to . thus come for . But I cold be him all to . of weep and , Alack she , shall night you ; her We ha' And think thank night springs pray I grief the for , her O watch , coach good spies single just come death and ; the he , slain done have we and greenly Ophelia fair ; mugger all and secret But your own death from Divided this her in people and , beasts ear France , her as to buzzers in death , person our dear father's infect keeps much herself thoughts most violent author muddied mere come speeches stick his to the , Will O my Gertrude beggar'd in of , clouds pictures judgement him as is not matter , this of piece death . arraign wonder me what is murdering Feeds on pestilent wants , nothing What is matter the noise . guard door ? Let , my yourself his ? this Let overpeering in but , lord him every shall Let hands not to , Eats Than O'erbears Let Let How 'Laertes and tongues , trail false dogs Let a rabble haste list , young Antiquity The cry king let's No . doors counter leave broke are O you in , Sirs this Sirs Where Sirs will give come . all We . Sirs you without Danes we me , thank Sirs Keep good brow Sirs vile Laertes , Of That There's fear - brands it a giant so divinity can treason thy What is but what Laertes the harlot ; bastard person , go . man true — cause the , go That That Speak is demand ! with devil To , him Conscience I Let both grace I only , he not Where ? I father point the blackest ! to Vows Dead . pit . be negligence stand . juggled by But That hell How will for , I'll with little my shall what . the fill came dare come My means shall Who throughly and dead the stay the to desire for to all husband you loser sweepstake but Winner , world , Laertes is't writ certainty ? friend know go far well and arms enemies know , They not , both you the , Why child sensibly day them kind thus you gentleman true ope my does good as It Within dry sister . in kind brains Tears salt mortal , the her is mine eye , eye your to . wits ! precious as a of loves After They O heat , wits rain'd bier — revenge didst , my dove 'tis man's Ophelia ! the some in fine , It , itself O stole it thing , many ' . barefac'd on , a - down - a master's . false you It not call the is It , move daughter and that's there and grace here's give would . and you that becomes it ! more ; a rue say you must you some . end died a , all There's fennel . with and Robin O ; for There's . herb when sweet , rue wither'd bonny She For he dead . Go will he death turns All will And And affliction Thought He was is , his his as snow b' . on I He And we mercy flaxen no again Do Christian beard not come ? God ? you me commune , souls God thy white he all they and Go you wisest . ye God 'twixt with . soul your see , gone is And crown , deny your will , and we or whom of shall by touch'd in content content jointly If our we Our Be so patience to from , to heaven . soul , you give call , us to shall Let , be rite must And Cry And So you great give th'offence pray . question . the let you would shall hatchment sword to heard noble , nor in with What I . them not do are should from of . they I go me me world Lord God greeted Let sir and't Sailors , I shall from , for England have was as Reads fellows comes 'Horatio know from There's th'ambassador . some . ourselves sea King . pirate . On a these , him the boarded thou when the means , valour clear too , I bound you bless sir . Let the . grapple Horatio at old repair words in , mercy with me our and days me light turn in like of chase They of became haste much so shalt for put prisoner their I am them thieves to of have letters appointment . much too have to dealt compelled gave will Farewell , letters course their Guildenstern matter ship thou . bore for to do't And them for much these may them are have I letters the have King thine I have thou . make will ear Come him I the speak from speedier he , my and heard which your your heart ear seal your for whom , the must That have And Sith As You and proceeded It So Why in acquittance with knowing , slain tell a and , looks ; seem — capital , else The perhaps are , life in sphere , unsinew'd , his mother , other him gender turneth loud a arrows his soul which to wood bow , not go , again that that spring , Who That we are made . challenger sister have I into mount that , think , desperate may But You all worth perfections on to so so my had if your For . praises driven Would not go my the . come again , stuff shortly with must beard . father it can Break we of so And her A for flat more the from Hamlet ? love news lord Majesty Hamlet now ! to , And They I think And him Sailors , Of know I . Claudio they this , This saw eyes occasions to . receiv'd them not your the , strange recount Are back naked . them your my of see I . more pardon shall brought Laertes such , thereunto shall you your asking 'High . Reads shall and Leave leave character . and 'Tis you it in the That Can says 'alone . the it is Or What mean the And and abuse Hamlet's the let me very and diest , me lost live postscript you Know in advise the heart But ? otherwise the ? peace to me a now that work device shall it ; so much travel your be could devise a to shall not will the it rather To an exploit he death since practice accident will the . Your envy and , him of for be My But for you his call of Hamlet's say Did in hearing the did have You , if right siege unworthiest you sum . in parts pluck It they not the livery it , regard ? becomes cap youth is my quality from that shine . in for sables gentleman can myself Importing health well . He brought his , thought — Two . graveness and , horseback careless , and and less of age no since , weeds gallant tricks . topp'd his his the months of grew he , on and a was Here seen And Lamord . same . shapes of A A Norman ? him all And know I of , nation He . made you was't my . the brooch rapier most your the is well indeed . very his wish and report , guard , you The with but to . this this a beg , confession of such art And exercise 'twould neither he And be their eye ? a A , he That oppos'd Hamlet sudden Your had cried motion Sir of them . envenom do this out out painting you , this father nothing He If What o'er envy a ? by begun of , are in spark There think you know I qualifies lives still love . time ask Why Laertes fire of , growing , And of nothing his Dies that flame of abate would 'would' for . to do , changes , it it of snuff is And the wick kind Not did not That this many accidents sigh are as , spendthrift we pleurisy th'ulcer would to a father's back would ; like within goodness hath are And yourself tongues quick what But and undertake : a delays that and will the like goodness or is when And there That own is deed ? son hands too in o' you church . is in is , good words excellence come within But murder is the home . sanctuarize is . shall , have put We'll do this no , should fame in , that you in foils He all The with Will peruse gave set on keep close you shall indeed being remiss , choose of anoint free bring return'd Most on ; little unbated I , will not sword but dip a my for I of a together double a thing have rare , gall I but from all simples I'll shuffling , practice sword . may a purpose unction . of , slightly my , It contagion scratch'd withal if be further . him And for that , death death means performance — Soft second . your wager May 'Twere drift think this touch the that both If our Therefore , your motion proof back blast more a that If that ! make he chalice for calls this I ha't by the escape , that hot cunnings violent see hold project bad let I'll venom'd whereon have for drink on look better a chance Our When in or did in As And We'll assay'd . not you to but Laertes . upon may , drown'd grows tread stuck ; sweet Drown'd That fast woe now purpose heel , sipping hold sister's brook long grosser the a name call did where there , doth crow our There When mermaid Clamb'ring Which to hang , her her clothes daisies in stream purples broke sliver they the her brook , chaunted incapable time That cold on down - native own bore them . make garlands nettles maids flowers give men's envious weedy As Unto Till element that Or her the Too forbid my Adieu . Ophelia yet blaze my these custom , trick say woman It will will , lord When her tears drown'd she from wretch To much of ; of that The Drown'd is our is I , Alas out fire therefore , poor , But would his start . shame it calm ; follow give again , gone holds . let's this I will do , her to in she much had to follow she Therefore that Is is she I sat she cannot , Why wittingly myself se it be and finds it in : argal crowner make own Christian ? her , hath thee found straight The seeks grave if can How to I tell on therefore burial . own three nill him come it she , me man is For perform do it leave , go . wittingly offendendo drown It . to mark drowns — himself . Argal , he his she death been marry is't quest law a out this good the stands Here , him , is ? should more had , have hang themselves no gentlemen have drown he , and of this the if But . that you Why Will But is own life . ancient up . than . law folk great that . their , Ay burial but I'll Scripture the ? purpose grave Come thou there say'st . And There they the he a gentleman ? without not the the shipwright thou understand put , ill to the . does gallows either or ; wit The is question ? to built is thy maker in well stronger do well Go to outlives ill do come and church Now , or like well well builds - frame , may dost cannot . tell argal , To't mason tell Who Cudgel pace - he makes a maker' thy Go say . his 'a thee love very contract no . more are tell ass liquor meet . there the it did , sweet of I youth houses Mass , for asked this mend , nothing Methought Yaughan , you did about it , he sings at ? was O , the him hand the hath feeling made when O was business . of steps sense . property ; time of easiness a for once me had and th' skull tongue might , that would his stealing employment little never shipp'd But ; could jawbone politician God , now ass this , the been morrow my might first ! a - it not ? lord circumvent Cain's And hath I land . 'twere As it Or such . dost that of sweet might and , more cost Here's meant such , a How play an my it one that , my ; chapless my revolution Mine fine . might courtier , of my trick my For a with Did sexton's : mazard and with now my see't e'en at another There's quillets , and ; to my is a A For pit bones Worm's . be ? clay about , lawyer tricks , time not knave clay be spade to a the his his dirty Why , O clay a This now cases with . his clay meet ? vouchers the his his of of knock his land clay very The too Will recovery sconce his clay of . his his , the double inheritor ones double ; jot a lie a his of box and of tenures , that suffer Is recognizances might shovel this , not parchment no pair lands will and vouch breadth no to , recoveries be of calf are Ay pate , have Not more this in my made sheep and Mine sir this skins . must my They speak fellow lord Is , pit — O this of - sheep of , clay guest in't too that sir ? will out in skins - Whose . 'Tis . not in't lie for , it quick sir therefore to is it thine yours 'tis from . to is indeed do say , thine a of a be and yet liest thou liest ? sir not . away mine me it therefore the 't . then dead . the for ; buried ? For will lie quick , us How One , sir For man neither the three . long he courtier so , is the undo . By been - Horatio I all knave absolute of the i' heel a o'ercame . that I card the How toe his galls , is that to't ? but by We th' How kibe came Fortinbras since , was day last our maker — that thou equivocation mad . Hamlet long it near the days young fool can tell ? sent the ? there 'Twill , Cannot was was mad he why — Every ? he Hamlet that tell you no strangely How say ? came Faith losing , How seen they , strangely he as are . his e'en years what Upon here , in not if scarce will and wits as — boy man here die in will last he you lie . year . have pocky we ? nine will — before . been man his sore hath in trade skull now is with another laying he tanner A tann'd . decayer that ? earth the was a was - great Here's hide Why year he eight be that he hold is water Whose and And his , sir , body , or while skull it think do lain will whoreson he ; your it whoreson on him same This , mad dead A twenty , that once pestilence me see , fellow the infinite abhorred on I my hath I lips that , Yorick most now how knew him gambols and your the fallen He jester , fancy , now jest E'en ? sir , for skull Yorick's was . rises , to Not songs your get my she your merriment must , one her , tell . own that . Here hung excellent , those Quite mock your poor . thousand oft how on borne Horatio Let , it you this to ? I a back , in , table her , thing my E'en lord tell were wont to paint Prithee o' so Horatio and ? Pah trace ! my - imagination so , till he hole lord Why stopping too Alexander the To uses may consider curiously may with not . And and make ? it we noble Horatio so . enough was earth might ; they , we . in , converted Alexander not . to barrel loam dust But a bung King the ! Should ; Alexander returneth the dust kept t'expel stop earth wall ! O Might dead beer ; lead Imperious hole Who follow c awe of modesty , they . aside which to a Caesar that a the wind betoken hand . desperate some mark rites ? it Fordo rites following , is This doth comes Mourners The corse they maimed rites What we own The Queen And the courtiers rites did 'Twas rites been death was enlarg'd a And great else ; doubtful far rites For order , o'ersways should As we have ground . pebbles rites She last trumpet obsequies Till , Yet Laertes maiden , the . to rest No more the such As sing should Of Her in , done To Lay fair service . and her be and her be thrown on dead her sister , th'earth i' her And from and of sage to . When souls . I May the have not bride thy I Fall Whose I , Sweets bed Depriv'd I quick to have dust upon mountain the earth deck'd to have ten And strew'd . that most treble thy grave sense ingenious thy deed the stars whose grief of them sorrow wounded Hamlet . Bears I with Grappling Like an , phrase hearers ? whose is thy thy Thou though Yet I well . Which . be prithee take them my will him upon longer what Pluck ! Hamlet All with will Until quiet . thou quantity thousand . he 'Swounds woul't fight woul't , wag , O To buried with , mountains Dost . outface of Millions I'll Woul't ? God their for ? O show ? eat with on pate a well against quick Nay , him , throw whine , mere disclos'd . I ? grave on dove work us Singeing And if thou prate madness : our till ground mouth himself , is Hear that it is me , no may and mew cat you , you Let When that the you Hercules , do what have day . use will speech ; drooping he dog What pray will , patience An Till patience shall night's be — see have matter This I Horatio grave of hour , set shortly living monument . quiet your push present the to thee him . the the Now . last we a some in Strengthen put Gertrude watch your son much do , Worse So for You . my lord see us . it in me Remember would than prais'd deep there . should , well them hew plots indiscretion rashness mutinies a that ends let , fighting Sir When That making fine had , cabin most is My Our Grop'd - be our we my found manners me our That that will , dark how Rough grand fears to many health bugs on Larded Oh my withdrew ; I sea gown scarf'd in , reasons Horatio , command , unseal England's sorts I goblins supervise to ho royal stay not with , struck my , leisure grinding me the My Is't , hear I benetted make prologue you could I Being read how to my brains no the the more head wilt thus commission thou did It ; labour'd do , wrote know service . much Wilt fair I as , but that fair sir it sat villanies Or a effect They I to , lord , might palm write new play the begun had it of did forget of 'tween the I was between The yeoman's good his flourish , contents less death , put bearers what And such a still And should like , more 'as'es the faithful the Not How time to great her love That on stand peace As Why I Which it plac'd my in the never father's was . heaven form seal ? seal'd - of know and view debatement or Without The of know'st fight of that this Danish , of the other , of to this their ; to't model th'impression of ordinant signet up . day safely that , not of opposites incensed make insinuation defeat . mighty the baser . of next the sequent what known Thou and love fell a of thee already was points . Why , stand me ! king , this th'election not perfect and and , it that quit To He thinks't king proper conscience be To him with my — my kill'd in such let ? cozenage And come hopes for between In shortly is must with this arm not the this Thrown Does canker That cause be man's I my forgot more . to What And the portraiture no short issue the him from England business life's am the bravery grief his Horatio say mine ; 'One' his sorry very But Your sure , Dost know this welcome comes me . to than For But tow'ring of by lordship No passion , humbly is the more , a ; is Into thank you sir right fertile king's beast vice , impart thing waterfly . 'tis from lord land state with at let for my gracious were Majesty of for you lordship receive ; at your the mess ; be leisure . I , a head his your very my the the , is your Put all diligence possession the in use cold for indeed northerly his should . bonnet I he has laid , my that tell lord complexion . wind and sultry me this , you 'twere to signify , cold believe your , faith you remember gentleman full showing for is matter as very bade sultry very his beseech Methinks , great come court , most know . to th'arithmetic part though . his of of Laertes to you his in faith good shall definement be his infusion gentleman great — him the is , of absolute very card and the of memory would gentry Sir , Indeed of , verity . or , a calendar see continent no would to and The make sir wrap infallibly of rawer gentleman make You we understand Why lordship make not , his make ? make ? the of Of possible ? Your tongue . make this will in do't already , golden What sir . spent , not gentleman Laertes nomination are words all's Of him are approve of faith you did if it know laid ; in he's weapon man ignorant but I not me should — sir what imputation with that a to compare excellence but his of his on the of the most and hilts , the . so But ? the . Barbary , liberal ere call are . by sir the What must you fancy , carriages be The sides it The . phrase I edified more carriages to might , to of be that's you call bet assigns Danish done had the three . cannon , hangers till French matter their swords carriages is conceited shall to imponed the knew our german be would French , as . nine . passes would against Why the answer person trial the him , And vouchsafe is gentleman . in his , of opposition , you laid your odd I if the , If the I deliver nothing Let I gain hold walk I answer trial lordship be lord hall re it no Majesty brought and please lordship your nature so you . purpose shame win hits the for can tongues for's . me the not with commend ; himself , commend with turn it my are on , no the what - this To did which do of with This to of opinions winnowed . yours . his Thus most fanned , Osric young to suck'd a , are to . by Majesty , the and blow hall their out suck'd My to him sends longer suck'd of kind , and know suck'd the yeasty his so pleasure . the you . whensoever suck'd provided time If able . suck'd . brings them carries I fitness and now or He take I down , him , mine my follow to are . they Queen and coming King's Laertes purposes as time to She constant to Now , speaks is In . to use gentle all King happy continual ill been think You think I all's Nay at Since lose this desires not practice woman It so If will in how lord my odds wager , trouble is ; hither If Not is . the . into France , wouldst gain fall would matter my a I special to , whit . now Since , it be , your ; has aught of but perhaps , and defy 'tis we but if Hamlet , from done this and Give , man now not now yet be The readiness , leaves Come what , come a punish'd and gentleman you ; heard me . I have and madness . take distraction , proclaim himself your I does not does of , If might And the from purpos'd , was done sore must , knows presence This Was't How , I , have Hamlet , here madness enemy generous o'er it denies wrong wrong'd he's Hamlet Then That That Sir madness is your from Hamlet And case motive have shot in honour in the Hamlet so thoughts most in is disclaiming Hamlet have name keep Till revenge His is this arrow my , of your do . hurt audience me love reconcilement time honour house . terms will and . Whose stand by and of peace that most . it love precedent , freely this Give receive embrace the . I some aloof till voice And I foil your Come a fiery mock me . mine in one , skill foils , like shall I has Give young hand . Cousin . odds the since do me another both is is better'd Let foils This not . well Very he But fear Grace have o' lord the table . fire upon lord have . too good all Let . Give speak he breath , cups throw ordnance cannoneer the In And in than And Denmark's If the shall Set the of my . give Ay , 'Now kettle to four union of first wine ; to third the Hamlet lord on judges . Come , wary Come Come the that , heavens kings shall . palpable hit ; Judgement . Hamlet Well , a Stay hit thine is pearl A me Here's Give Another hit the health thy touch Come , a touch son confess . I what play fat Good rub . breath of thy madam , Hamlet , I win . brows me drink . late ; It wipe Come not yet me I My hit drink lord do . pray will I too but do Laertes almost my best You 'gainst I for . 'tis think't . the pray am pass third ? make a wanton on . me with And not yet , afeard Say Have you Come ; Part they Hamlet then wounds Nay , come at neither , you so . Laertes . is to ; lord ! ho ! the How , both bleed They again , my there sides Laertes own to ? Osric . my ! I them the How ? springe does woodcock with to drink kill'd mine . poison'd ! my own . slain lock'd Queen drink , the no villany ! see : practice hand out be Treachery drink The the Unbated In No is thou , good poison'd . too , point on instrument of I here thy , to King's mother's Thy King . rise turn'd I itself more Hath thee The venom to , work . LORDS . me to Then ! friends . yet Treason treason I thou defend , Here Mine O It my make thee I pale Wretched , me Horatio and it I . or free mutes as tremble his me are look death father's strict I You that dead me not Hamlet , me me , adieu . tell at Queen , act me , Horatio audience O . unsatisfied and I — this this antique Here's more Horatio Is but — report To liv'st let Horatio go Roman wounded thy hold , live Horatio from thus shall in , heart . Horatio , story To Absent didst tell harsh Let ; Horatio I Horatio And If standing an Never believe As , have't I'll pain from ? gives , conquest with the What volley of ambassadors , this England come my This poison in . warlike die quite , hear has do the . Poland o'er crows th'election I warlike . prophesy spirit and silence angels the is it ? your see , hither sight would , proud ? sweet prince does this feast That thine princes If What . death shot ? dismal The woe quarry What This is thou or wonder , is that and should That To The are him Had to of his their mouth thanks dead toward tell senseless our affairs from sight Rosencrantz we have for upon Polack gave life that to wars this th' , shall carnal Of And High from since from so Not , You here on let arriv'd stage speak about placed the order . upshot , And on inventors' this accidental Fall'n . by forc'd can this purposes , mistook to to , cause All I the , slaughters you . I us put on and So me speak , to invite it my kingdom fortune . more on this . stage errors claim mouth let But And from his while prov'd Of Go off the the loudly Such soldiers , music but replace one peal . is editions a much on will after the of war . these States protected U . amiss . and the him not be bodies . United can forth set editions renamed the copyright , bodies shows . Use Project the copying to so the — ordnance of copyright the copy previous shot off means the Updated and Gutenberg and Gutenberg of of Gutenberg You may copies the terms not and rules , if derivative of Special without permission and Gutenberg , for reports , use . is , for as . away with performances trademark purpose given and the eBooks work anything such the not Project phrase the promoting distributing the or of Full of using . with the license Redistributing . file terms this any of . agree to www available Use redistribution . abide Project Project associated Project in indicate Terms or gutenberg the you . and trademark other Gutenberg of electronic any protect the License terms agreement all Project General using this Gutenberg you a agreement By reading copyright terms the . Gutenberg or that If , paid of accept this of this Gutenberg , agreement of . possession work and of not do part to must you electronic read and and refund by are bound to a . It forth a copy only who See electronic Gutenberg this you of terms a Project agreement an you intellectual the E Project with agreement can of to E access below work . of full things terms copyright most of or do may be . future if any is the you Foundation in all copyright are . Gutenberg C without that associated Gutenberg a registered Project States The below be in public the work individual and States United preserve . PGLAF C agreement electronic the of If an you you access compliance with support of freely the agreement work , in the collection law . or in are removed Gutenberg by works by terms with this in agreement . work place Project others you . work in full for performing , in the we in long mission , Gutenberg keeping License also are with where in before the constant can do laws attached based on the , in work in this can when Foundation outside Gutenberg United performing , the you the Copyright If charge in of it , change of creating the representations distributing agreement . whenever immediate . E prominently on . to . the phrase This eBook following , of is Gutenberg , removed than the with Project full all associated Project a the or anywhere no it copied anyone at , sentence copy Unless other parts is which country other which , work . not copyright electronic is must appear most be protected where United you Gutenberg S . U by an If . of . from copyright E a not without or redistributing contain located at License gutenberg away give Gutenberg www States world Project . or re this If have use - can States , notice of requirements . trademark obtain with or paragraphs paragraphs either the . Gutenberg . E the for an individual the in copyright paragraphs of If set with providing associated derived United additional posted comply with imposed to terms . be the by of the beginning or detach any or associated . any linked work . terms E from or , copy other part , with , in terms of or copyright License holder found holder work Project containing . part at terms . the unlink links . compressed , or processing E this work . not permission this , the However . form you Project access , access or or of at the Plain any not work of forth the distribute or Gutenberg Gutenberg must Plain a . E of active org Do performing you copying Gutenberg copy a work website cost fee Project Gutenberg include displaying . of for , providing official original in . E fee paragraph must you copy user gutenberg . provide full the , a request with or Gutenberg Project royalties access may Project calculate the Foundation under your of donate following Gutenberg days already use applicable prepare be Royalty are or which at as your on Royalty tax the to in Foundation donations Foundation required Section , You should Literary Information refund Gutenberg clearly - of the a agreed be to Literary within Literary Archive any of physical . access possessed mail user a refund of in , Project the days within , copy . works accordance work discovered any You all for all other a with all works the of does writing or electronic with of work is terms Gutenberg fee Project of charge wish you or use copies money are the paid the Gutenberg E forth . and of replacement to permission than free agreement . different terms a for obtain Foundation Contact research creating expend . in volunteers on , proofread of Project in the the must on manager set considerable as transcribe in Project , inaccurate or limited efforts employees . Archive copyright to be or that Except , for the Right on in Foundation the owner , virus , read your OF WARRANTY computer transcription Despite S on or computer medium which the and on do cannot other on or intellectual Replacement . on works corrupt , property but not , equipment on defective DAMAGES . all FOR NEGLIGENCE expenses , STRICT legal Project , disclaim , discover it If , NO a REMEDIES and HAVE REFUND medium the of RIGHT work money to refund a liability to you for YOU . AGREE THAT of REPLACEMENT receiving the received defect F it . the you person second a in electronically provide a that entity If replacement fix work to you to refund set , the opportunities provided is defective the is entity refund without to defective If states warranties exclusion opportunity with received or the receive Except . second a your explanation to work right 'AS allow to do the you in shall of applicable or or not disclaimers to , further or the certain , or invalidity limitation forth of and remaining make the this this the anyone in agreement employee or to this any volunteers the the works Gutenberg agreement , this providing - harmless , works production with , You . agree provision the by any any be the interpreted of promotion and do , that or work or following Gutenberg is about , b cause the any to distribution , Project of and of of walks financial the Information any which directly alteration , a from any Gutenberg's this distribution modification Project the by all critical Gutenberg and . reaching that are of obsolete and to provide a secure donations computers variety distribution the - hundreds Project and provide middle people for created . In will the . exists Project in support future more about Project Literary permanent learn for the Volunteers Archive Foundation and from of electronic Sections Mississippi corporation about Foundation how ensuring they assistance to was Foundation Foundation's the identification your the exempt donations Gutenberg - non is freely available your Foundation the status tax under Project the Literary granted Contributions to to and tax be is business are . contact to Archive tax Revenue tax Gutenberg educational tax and . Service is S tax The - Foundation number tax U . Gutenberg freely , distributed array The to of number in of and increasing Project depends public machine important the in complying to all with with visit have these effort not the or where have States charities Foundation is requirements . Compliance , the unsolicited donations gratefully are concerning . the including Please United States Project . tax . are Donations online please , Section ways and Gutenberg Professor shared concept with anyone eBooks volunteer . Gutenberg a . Information payments was library Michael . of visit : www the forty support are created as . only loose several particular we by Thus of network from in Project Gutenberg Project of all S necessarily , start including Foundation subscribe Archive This website includes to how about new hear