! Stand Stand You Stand Stand this For Stand Stand Stand Not Well do meet good you And . struck twelve much am quiet had a thanks . I hear think The you Horatio bid Stand this the good to them haste , make And reliev'd you ? Marcellus again . of of twice thing our hold of him . seen night it heaven , pole myself comes . again Horatio . to me with King the , to it the , it speak ; and Horatio . fear ? it Looks What In thou sometimes march By is stalks charge . speak not answer . speak . fantasy ! not true and and ! gone Horatio You will more on't pale . now How ! Before Is He 'Tis jump this ice angry on . hour our gone I combated an he to work , strange , some gross hath and sledded once what Such As th'ambitious , very before stalk he at by in our tell and my such Why Good foreign So Does not divide same , sit the particular thought scope of not knows day : Norway of even on , the Who That that is't whisper now esteem'd him Hamlet , pride us appear'd goes I Fortinbras emulate which compact a by of to all , the conqueror those and world law life which Dar'd For slay Did Which gaged Against by the vanquisher Had His in unimproved forfeit he And to Of terms recover of us appear well in't which unto ; some resolutes here to by , diet skirts up food no enterprise , there strong those preparations take I , And . compulsatory our the chief in figure : head . doomsday of still coming countrymen the and our Have , it , any me , or me to hast If thou art privy me foreknowing thy . speak if Or which Speak , Which , happily , to to Speak any Speak sound and thing country's may thy oft Stay , in treasure , thou O life partisan my will here ! if at strike it with here gone 'Tis To do wrong mockery to was It Awake The then , bird they wholesome are heard , the our young consent in , Cornelius yet be our , one in equal better affair thinking to with not Importing his ourself the Norway impotent gait , his good of to with and it Laertes of speak voice is The is What hand the Than leave To Yet whence now And must my and show thoughts My bow Have you He And thy Take Aside But is How . so And Hamlet not for Do let Good thine know'st Seek Thou common father thy lives must die to common If Passing friend eternity seems , forc'd windy alone ! not Ay madam , it be it so particular is it with thee . of play Hamlet father , survivor , grief to heaven impatient a a lost father to your trappings have I But 'Tis sweet and To father must But That It heart the most know heart the should Why any ? against first fathers most Is A An we to As vulgar , and death 'This This be A fault To Than I In must . let . nobility immediate and to We ' ; that still hath today cried died our his your , bears father less toward most going with the you you comfort of our to retrograde to dearest intent eye our . son our and , cousin , courtier 'tis great But Why , ourself . Fie That His canon Seem on't dead ; a it to months he Visit grows ! all flat , and unprofitable ! two , should rank of garden this much uses O God ! fix'd this . God O unweeded an 'tis stale merely a not Why increase if fed on't , beast Why my or think As I face her might nay , not that loving satyr beteem to would she and Frailty . Hercules unrighteous month my she — not me Let I servant good am But what make , in , glad very you it not truster my of do , your ere you drink , I you We'll My , prithee , not I do it think , yourself But Against was came , I , Would , I see lord furnish see had seen my ! see see see . follow'd funeral bak'd see , see eye eye eye . father eye eye eye the admiration King lord My your father till . their the of , had you these I a , fear ; by and oppress'd to In secrecy , jelly length the not third Stand of And Within By Goes deliver'd deliver'd deliver'd Form Where The apparition thing deliver'd It deliver'd made My the lord none , deliver'd , upon But platform to ? once did would crew sight . And As But answer like morning very 'Tis from 'tis . strange lord down this and you you , I live think sirs , We To my true . lord say , My yes saw lord , my look'd wore ? in or countenance What It moderate . amaz'd you . much . BARNARDO , grizzled no sable silver'd . it have as , I A It His was If And I warrant assume it to should I silence twelve tongue . well , come . ye you . honour your , rise . not as crescent nature and inward bulk ; of but the Perhaps service does but nor is you but will , his birth must his fear temple more no it more this loves to persons doth own not ; himself himself not for may , is will he you and grow alone besmirch on for , now ; sustain treasure particular sister , particular it of your , ear you your or particular my danger fear unmaster'd Ophelia the chariest unmask particular particular And particular of maid and rear her the not particular you the heart To keep , Or your , Out If canker the blastments , I And in rebels th'effect as not me Youth to itself . Be Contagious are safety best , though lies lesson good thorny ungracious . this . shall . As . Occasion . smiles Laertes double here I A Yet And thou Look Nor familiar Those Be And these . any unproportion'd unto Grapple But Take Are time : I blessing my , well . be friend and . true thee in this be take said key my keep Farewell is't you , Ophelia hath something he you to , of lock'd the . you hath he time so 'tis and oft ; and very well , me audience — so it that be your not of as your put of late . you me tell clearly honour and daughter my it You in way — up free been What you ? of affection You tenders his , lord late behoves between Give lord Unsifted ! tenders ; my know such speak me Of his like a think . baby a me me importun'd hath he , ta'en teach — wind true more dearly ; pay , to . love with fashion honourable call the tongue light promise heat it fire your a higher Hamlet , time : this all bawds for from , brokers investments unholy pious leisure . forth moment , is cold . season Rhenish bray reels rouse custom though and east the nations height west indeed of . takes . a swinish other with are it wherein of in , they mole marrow choose his some nature origin , reason stamp ; livery or that else , of their for birth their by breaking By The virtues His As From that the To Doth infinite Nature's I nature o'ergrowth , the manners say Being form Shall Carrying Or particular comes , noble scandal of ministers his health grace evil , censure . of substance own Be Bring with , I Why again and ; ignorance , again up hideous ? Wherefore reaches ! ponderous op'd thus Revisit'st thou cast thee we Wherein to thoughts That Making Say , Hath To night beckons if to To you It No it this why With beyond is you to do me it tempt to waves o'er summit of might That Or Which The place into deprive there my not again thing forth flood sea follow , horrible other some toys many motive very looks so on , And waves I'll it go , follow me Hold off fate as makes Be As And heaven away He waxes Go imagination . him to obey that me lion's this in , fit issue what thus state this Something , let's follow I'll . in rotten Heaven will direct further no flames will serious hearing will come almost is shall but not what will will Pity will will Speak So will the and a crimes the for Are Would harrow Doom'd Make thy Thy quills particular and knotted And Like of two If thou But blazon fretful to locks start to on porpentine hair must as swift love wings , I my of revenge be find shouldst duller most foul , know't The my Mine , incestuous of ! father's , sleeping Now in whole crown shameful virtuous - uncle the with decline uncle to went Hamlet of seduce that me it to uncle in most and , wit — in her wretch uncle Though of So uncle Upon But court to in a uncle a link'd vow of a , hand what won ! a gifts even seeming whose , lewdness But soft ! And Holds a as porches hebenon hour garbage radiant sate methinks my With And in leperous an it of the courses alleys and juice be . always the orchard ; through posset body blood . vigour it smooth smooth droppings bark'd into smooth doth did So tetter vile smooth body crown , smooth of , but of horrible bear thee disappointed smooth my bed unanel'd it , smooth luxury and horrible nature hast With in royal Unhous'led couch Let thou reckoning imperfections thou all , mind thy But A horrible aught mother not ! O in nor thorns those thy that her sting not the . worm and to for shows to - howsoever pale 'gins ; the , glow his The prick And Adieu you I host couple you bear thou , But In this Yea , wipe I'll of books youth That thy And the book with O baser , Meet sure villain , smile I you adieu have 'Adieu , there I HORATIO , am is . Within My . Within . Within Heaven So Illo . ho What you'll reveal , once it ? think my , heart and a There's How Not I of secret dwelling lord To , this are more tell ghost an i' circumstance shake hands the right all at , knave we hath and ; is as And no ; it it but , I Why , business man Such your You These business you right , Saint there this , you go are is O'ermaster't It For me scholars now that . may to know , are honest Give Yes And make known and My Never , faith , will . not but Nay we HORATIO lord ha , in lord sword my , sworn my Upon so ? swear . sword the , the thou this stage my fellow in seen et ubique Swear Then again we'll And of this my Swear sword . you sword shift that . your speak Swear . i' is Canst th'earth . welcome . friends come you myself disposition seeing head , stranger on your bear . But mercy earth philosophy stranger or this and doubtful think meet , stranger and be pronouncing an I are And There stranger That As Or stranger 'If you and mercy stranger , you Swear Beneath , you Or With God Rest what t'express do And my all so That That willing still time ever do do . do money and go to born out was fingers do lack of joint . your poor not is Nay , come , on do and love his shall , your do And You Before Of behaviour , inquiry Reynaldo , father some 'twere 'I you your , as do — know his you his and mark well him' , son Ay , ' will distant expense and Look , question more , very particular know company That By they knowledge you come touch thus part Than in As , lord . ' ; I , be if't Addicted But him you But so forgeries may , drabbing drinking put on rank ; slips usual of , most . fencing may dishonour so swearing known far . him the , liberty mind of fiery . lord his , in it scandal ; so blood , this do you I would assault , it sir lord , is a general The That A savageness in unreclaimed Of my Wherefore 'twere sir man so the country . lord the , be ; addition Of mass about good to At the At — then Very sir By I saw with 'closes closes There Or , windlasses , thus of a , he falling , then Shall And With Your you , my by So , have you , now bias , out advice not . in , lord . music . the so God matter name was piteous in other hell me , foul'd all in his , each his knocking out before loosed look of if And To me by What Then , rais'd He thrice last As would he goes And He he to — He with very violent the to passion under . sorry heaven undertakings , itself fordoes property Whose He For his being go with . he will natures him command his ; oft you have my me I to His repel did afflict given lord access made in proper as it beyond ourselves the to younger sort the age but judgement our my opinions we being , than to grief discretion . hide lack More must This had I to As known Moreover be dear we we nor that his The Of Our . of so of being More hasty sending th'understanding young neighbour'd since , Hamlet's th'exterior . Some father's from was death much And little him so you as I us Your the Both fits As by your dread Than We to entreaty power your sovereign so time of remembrance you supply profit king's . in at your full the . Rosencrantz visit . Guildenstern to some of , gentlemen changed I , To commanded these Hamlet presence our too Heavens And from my return'd father joyfully Norway you , good soul King mine : sure found . long great to the that first My grace to th'ambassadors of other sweet , of queen that them and it death ! Norway ? hath , he son's marriage the distemper your no our sift o'erhasty but . to him return Most To But It against from ; borne he Norway vow Fortinbras so his which , out in joy in your fee uncle arms Norway of his with employ against further herein fine shown thousand , before crowns this enterprise : overcome never against , annual , feast we'll well , your night well home , for at , took . labour read ; well - business . time expostulate Your Your . Your art , figure 'tis Your art at . Your art mad Your , remains , cause by this of . then cause defective the the grant find say rather it I Thus a in Hath have me phrase , my , celestial the That's Good Ophelia I that Thine . But love , am hath more in This they As obedience above lady , But I evermore As Before my dear my If given Or This done Admit no should she messengers . ' took — receive fruits no the precepts thy round sight dumb , resort gave . advice a then into of short , now 'tis I'd ? otherwise so I , from this How in sometimes know Here though . it centre Within hid the hid indeed . him . lobby walks Be a So Mark time such At the I his farm and for to , reading . give me . away leave . O Lord my - my , my , Honest Then sir very of this world you Not I my lord goes maggots . breed if be a carrion — daughter lord is What much fishmonger on as Yet far very , he , sun not walk . a — that Between words youth I do , my ; love have thick , you powerfully men purging eyes plentiful thus of most grey and down set a method lord . if sometimes which will leave my him of delivered of be meeting me from take I means the honourable sanity replies , lord anything my except well . fools my there he ; old seek My to go Polonius good friends . lads the My My dear most Good are soles of . in privates . the we middle of is a ? waist her ? that world's grown me ? the more she strumpet honest . Let . true friends , true ; hands hither , the , But Denmark's a is are o' dungeons lord , wards worst is nothing a is To too narrow or and I that , 'tis ; one the world ; one none makes one you think not We makes 'tis thinking then , your then , Why Shall and , could be shadow's ambitious A dream itself ambition hold but and of is a I such speak my a halfpenny Is it that dear ? me inclining come free visitation speak ? I other , you . Elsinore ? visit , am , kind of in know . withal you you charge ever , preserved for direct no or by what the looks purpose the To the love be even and an then I . fellowship - must eye moult and , late and I your ; and goodly frame canopy earth roof , know I the to this of me than to with goes look golden how noble , so lost other no What , firmament this in like faculties world of by of is work man seems air ? though Man was . And how foul it express god : admirable and my thoughts neither ; reason , beauty of action , in . me' Lenten way what , no delight not you in offer them 'Man in nor . say to me is entertainment , and the on delights said from plays the shall the welcome those wont welcome and shall of He adventurous coming . We , welcome shall shall peace lover ; welcome reputation . Their travel welcome their the estimation same welcome inhibition , was the those I Do profit comes they , indeed they grow sir , of the out cry tyrannically aerie and , are most children their , stages maintains call are — top they ? sing How dare and Who quality children they , like if are against their exclaim should means no they so than ; a and succession themselves to the , themselves in money holds no the went themselves own — There sides the themselves ? themselves cuffs nation ? them themselves writers was question Is't them been has , no , there O to controversy and throwing it brains load give , of about away and . too , find out . I , which mother out hands out than are tell out out Let entertainment to and my is out , outward Gentlemen welcome - appear players ceremony . Elsinore the what hawk north In - north uncle be Well mad see , too to twice each hearer . gentlemen ear swaddling Mark indeed . it You Rome actor comedy — tragical , or light , individable only - too hadst thou lord , more . ' . my , heavy too be . Seneca . O . Why daughter 'One I Am call you me first , friends good are thee all . the . mistress . have gold By'r last by , of quality a uncurrent speak see and you We'll are , a , thee to well , matter , the above caviare not , the cunning savoury very loved . 'Twas by affectation at , he the complexion to Head , total , gules with the mothers tyrannous Roasted . and parching daughters horridly , and dread black and fathers lend That With and lord And thus he and , Greeks spoken and at well short Anon , too to Repugnant Priam drives arm the whiff his father with at feel base Seeming prisoner to Th'unnerved Striking Pyrrhus Rebellious But Takes to Of A Doth hush And As On bowl Break And the low barber's , or This a jig a Say A if When Unless Would In 'Gainst Who milch burst Fortune's she made them move mortal with But well After , will . for death used ; they thee the and Good let time . of rest and have the ? chronicles ill , in — hear live We'll Use better Use your bounty Ay is friends , hear is , could down need lord is not You my study some is could for is insert a Come friend is . Gonzago of The would and to , good lord would that sixteen or We'll would Ay which set ? look , I . would , friends welcome . ye God and wi' would lord are Good b' I am would alone I'll . you leave I player his to his distraction here wan'd conceit function for nothing suiting , to cue speech with passion do ; tears for aspect visage dream And so in , fiction force But That he What's I he should , conceit him the forms Had weep For voice broken A cleave Make And ? general the he , my in , villain defeat me Plucks , He would drown stage , indeed Yet cause , a the and and appal of - nothing gives - pigeon , lungs ? I most made and , I as As , With 'Swounds it and region ! across a unpregnant of my ? this cannot face , lie Who take . Am my me , lecherous am Prompted , should bitter This is most murder'd brave words with , the this gall for me ? ere be liver'd oppression have slave's son of Oh an treacherous Why That , dear father , hell , like my and kindless ! these , players presently the at creatures by . like organ have that speak - That For of my , my melancholy and ; father , a I'll sitting guilty Been I'll . The the I'll will tongue no . the something mine Before I I'll I'll but If . quick devil course he As I'll harshly he days this of circumstance perhaps weakness damn to from feels he will cause he confess find forward crafty him a him bring Of his would true receive he like Most Did of much forcing free but in question Most , him assay fell the it so seem did . him They it raught way in of there , on out night I as are they , most , play hear beseech'd This see think to To and ; the it , and him purpose his To so drive my on , shall gentlemen give heart hear my Gertrude Sweet , closely , he For sent as we We by 'twere and father Ophelia Affront bestow Her ourselves may so have that encounter , their be gather myself as thus That by of of suffers obey shall your him , beauties I : th'affliction shall his so wildness your he part you Ophelia wonted to him honours your bring good I wish it , here both — Madam an you Ophelia are of show ourselves oft , prov'd We Gracious we devil The much And too . To O such himself . Aside action speech too that cheek pious doth the to a to ugly my harlot's lash my beautied most burden . coming , deed him O Let's be heavy , in not the of or a slings 'tis To against end take nobler to sleep and them and the to heir , arrows sea . wish'd and dream is arms a 'tis be ache die ay to , For To - to by flesh ; opposing Whether , And who makes calamity death heart The Devoutly sleep With The The Than fly does hue cowards that others And sicklied And native make us makes And a To that undiscover'd the dread of something whose you for . day for well for my for sins lord many right of never sweet you for lost honour'd lord , you know breath . for My I well for for their aught you more Ha Take made And Rich As My with them again wax gifts , ha unkind , noble prove Are means your to fair beauty have lord your , commerce discourse transform can honesty of likeness his into and honesty with time gives old so believe of ; you love paradox honesty now but , force me relish was . not beauty translate you I ? proud , and earth between us give offences not be you . so me at your father I wouldst but have believed I loved very . it nunnery indifferent thoughts a myself thee were that them What arrant the If thou dost , pure shalt thy nowhere but wilt needs calumny . fool . dowry . may he . Farewell , go men nunnery . snow thou thou marry them and given jig You creatures I'll and , lisp face . to have shall ; more you nickname your , have heard and will more another enough make your God hath mad are . married are they noble . no no yourselves too , hath wantonness amble you . him paintings eye form , tongue state of , of Th'expectancy , what scholar's of and observers ladies and , sword , all , nunnery your , quite the the a soldier's O courtier's The Th'observ'd And see , shall keep , sweet That T'have I That suck'd with that way little out , form not . woe is youth see tune and harsh out , out soul , out out tend in something I out which some I , There's his our , different speed to for neglected expel to of variable settled countries his shall think thus , tribute danger have quick do the demand it Haply With seas down Whereon It . How Ophelia ? on't do now Lord , you beating What But in heart objects the something . matter . of yet still play said I you grief Hamlet round with him , after as believe lord fit If or find please , grief his To Let all origin shall need not neglected it you hold My love . and tell what his , please the be you , entreat alone him where not , all , her him in think let . go . not saw , trippingly . unwatch'd so ones Madness speech , great in But , that I , spoke mouth if you , as pronounced very would hear I Herods Nor I , my as may , a , such warrant the discretion . action own to of ; for special . the avoid you honour Pray Herod ; a of robustious rags are neither word modesty the the very make your allowance at with , mirror in but , image highly — age to up , the not to scorn laugh Now 'twere of , pressure her the feature make his though whole , of well , humanity and gait speak to that that be so sir them I I not nor that players and Christians no , of clowns play be will that your then . that not abominably , made . them spectators a make How King hear this my now piece , lord of uses That's Queen and , that fool the than more presently . them ? work ? and players make shows . villainous . considered And the Will the What We will , what As Horatio feed , and No That fawning fawning clothe no And seal'd thee men distinguish , choice fawning pomp fawning been , fawning mingled - me will of . circumstance heart wear fawning , that my a thy occulted - guilt foot . the act my tonight , thee of . If comment , near I of man Fortune's Give heart . death , soul have seen foul heedful his face , father's King before ; note as in ; theft be playing idle the must . others . place a play will whilst my we of . eyes mine Vulcan's If And Danish They are he march I , And 'scape flourish . i' faith - and lord , did That now with th'university Polonius answer and are words feed ? i' once not you play'd . good Brutus . calf a . the killed My my did I was I enact kill enact What kill th' capital you mark that kill . your Be kill . your in kill ? lap lie kill Lady King . To I I do more ho lord upon ? your , my , I nothing think mean you think I That's fair to a thought meant between my lie . I , my . lord do a but . merry hours , and , only cheerfully mother my , 'tis two . Ay - twice devil months my father died within's lord not and , man's great hope how you long sables by'r must die two epitaph is ' O , O But ? yet , or ; then churches , horse ! 'For ago whose lovingly his wear the half shall Queen , for suffer year embracing . ears King's comes Lays poison dead carried down in in in and takes He upon unto protestation . leaves The and loth dead three , it returns crown , the , his and Enter woos Queen , body the , her of ; in four The , Poisoner , and a fellow passionate awhile away means play they'll the . mallecho all tell argument my She . love his this , mallecho mallecho ? show mallecho . to players mallecho . mallecho us tell are : show for Be means meant you ashamed , the it not . clemency of ? love As moons with thirty the thirty dozen Tellus' round , been twelve lord our Hymen sun . did ground gone orbed in most and times hearts love Unite many again is far So So Since That I cheer Yet nothing though love the us women's For But my And Now as is fear Where Faith Discomfort you distrust is is little , thou And I love , and from or proof Where what love aught , thee love in made fear fear ; shortly love : doubts great and to behind , breast as too do love , this — kind fair in my ! first second , believe we do determine kisses you is the , time Of But necessary when think birth mellow forget is tree . be lose . or 'tis what , The most joys Which Purpose like , poor , they ourselves passion doth destroy most 'tis not . on sticks accident slender , aye love fortune to , friend fortune a doth him aye a shall want Directly orderly hollow aye never lack or us with should our love great Whether The aye fates end do so his makes aye lead poor The For And , still are where aye love advanc'd who thoughts So think thoughts their ends who to lock my , hope and trust my turn anchor's Meet Sport die But earth and Nor desperation me Our devices no when me second repose that thou thy To opposite cheer I give once and , me I . it and face ! destroy , break lasting me pursue should , The dull If 'Tis My mischance , protests too Sleep And you Madam , do she'll much her . th' the is Baptista of i' jest play Duke's poison like how but keep there no word the play it o' not my a gall'd The Vienna . knavish chorus withers the I You shall Mousetrap . Gonzago is name his wife : what but : work , free Lucianus dallying you , could the to , see puppets if you . Thoughts and you season apt black Come . Thou ban natural thrice , mistake It the Begin , murderer worse take off edge . better hands , Thy With Hecate's rank in th'garden him , What see . name's Gonzago's of the murderer lord ? play Away light lights . You shall . me , lights some , the strucken go must watch Give my away . sleep feathers roses the rest of , my if Provincial of players ; turn not this forest must , two in me and let Would forest runs ungalled play , on sir forest might ghost's very forest This realm and , a razed . forest , Didst forest lord pound . a the have — the recorders . O Horatio good take if belike some of , my note not whole history — sir , The sir retirement ? what him Is With drink , to the this plunge to would with more to more discourse from affair his . signify sir frame purgation . great you my your far into put put him choler wildly me should show to lord Queen my spirit hath start not me sent If it my answer such mother , you say — struck as ? wit's , if ; wholesome not , My answer , more Then She wonderful , that thus no make your a hath behaviour mother admiration stonish heels at you closet further bed sequel no there pickers do You ? love did these distemper ? ere you Have you surely friend to once lord do what own , when succession Denmark ? voice grass with musty is wind Let the the to if be as one me duty recorders my O not well my I my your you me into play you bold , recover do no me lying : these my lord finger discourse . your the . harmony know my stops you utterance these mouth your you , with most the out ! have top though will this of think would note voice you the pluck of of ventages , with command I cannot thumb these But eloquent me , Call , to much speak Call cannot , Call , me . Call you , upon like Call . indeed shape Call , camel Call you with almost would speak see By and I a is like a like it Methinks It to . Or by mother a out blood . mother but firm to drink business not Nero somever this , use enter world now very on of lose . Soft ; let , friends itself the not ever ; bosom in them will I To The Hazard terms Out That those and and many doth . will nor stands it may provide bodies upon religious is many and keep will armour strength feed your itself To all keep That What's not The the spirit With upon 'noyance . but with alone The holy live single whose lives Attends Each Did the the sigh , but with a this upon put will mortis'd For Arm Are whose huge on it small King you goes ROSENCRANTZ speedy fear , footed - said my bed , o'erhear . dear , will not upon't smells lord my rank to heaven — I , cursed first bound , heavens mercy possess'd my form murder ! the did ambition pardon'd which corrupted seen shuffling the shove we and But , prize action compell'd , rests What ! repent it can one . and forehead the not wicked in what limed more engag'd ; Help , Make black repentance evidence teeth What , that to ! soft Be of knees as , stubborn Bow well be death What bosom struggling with new Art All may be the O might O he , full stands blown grossly is my kills O my this , hire and of as , his all his reveng'd father this goes he now And . do so am father And circumstance the for ? May , not course , broad who , be scann'd heaven to villain : heaven as am soul , act hent passage in of thou with , and him son , a ; pleasure as may about goes mother , black . he fit and season'd his some his his rage at bed . below . damn'd be but whereto his This As physic The fly without Words , remain go and prolongs thy My words will up thoughts . Grace straight Look his Much him . too lay pranks warrant Withdraw your that him . been have And Tell Within Now , I'll , Hamlet Mother Come And You not then , Come You No it I'll , are , would to you I see do ? ho , rat ? part of not ho help help ! done I and rash , I not Is good his marry bad a kill me . O , hast what the King as ? thou what deed king , better busy thy intruding word , rash . as deed , is as king with mother danger I ; as as , as you sense against against me tongue as wag so ? of , the off of of of thy modesty blush of rose deed religion sweet Heaven's of doth plucks , of marriage innocent love takes of hypocrite there Such grace a and as Ay Is solidity soul from this there oaths and thought That there of With tristful roars there what in this , glow there threaten like to was there An Hyperion's like heaven form . on , Jove seated front Mars curls upon counterfeit a eye New A combination the on , and brothers brow himself , of See The , what lighted every To Blasting Look Look Would Is could Look And Look his this You from step Look That Eyes Look you apoplex'd a difference . choice What sight all sense , judgement , at tame day - To a but Could To thou But in hath feeling , feeling of thrall'd hoodman devil blind matron's in itself as ardour her let gives the . no into And Nay in the see , in the frost Thou not eyes panders And there O reason , and an leave , that words like more lord and a the of a put it from A corruption rank In precedent is shelf the precious pocket your with shreds A your No and diadem ! the of the ! patches o'er What No And of guards heavenly you The laps'd That not time O of ? blunted visitation purpose . soul sits dread , tardy your come and Alas O step But but in to , look between bodies and strongest her it you do with incorporal air do peep , your at Forth , sleeping , works . on thy , fighting mother ? lady up On His That the bedded the stand heat on true effects Then an end . in in the excrements alarm hairs patience ! capable form Sprinkle and with . you you . to glares , to preaching Do — conjoin'd . and the Do ; see ; nothing ? blood upon have tears see I do all Why how away . the look father Would makes I I your not Lay That pulse This gambol flattering Mother will . doth to soul madness to - Ecstasy cunning in . And will rank corruption , Forgive these ; of test madness your ulcerous all mining film trespass skin but That And For compost pardon do Confess Bring me matter from Repent in Virtue Yea itself fatness must come this the unction to purer with the other half pursy , him beg leave the , thou away the virtue night woo is weeds , heaven to yourself and make them the cleft of have all virtue times to who is kind easiness good , in heart a shall that either For abstinence of . of throw on gives habits But throw O And the use almost lend bles'd same lord eat Refrain , go not you a the , more to of ; repent do For stamp change , evil That And I'll blessing potency or next devil likewise put . Once , to , good me it be , this the next The I I must bestow be begins word death will me when or of wondrous with That I be their and only lady answer with , be remains , and , Thus King more do bid you you , I punish And Pinch paddling you this , well will worse One I gave cruel shall that again of with all , bad Make him for ravel queen concernings but I to your , bloat by What on essentially not secrecy top , out matter I you bed kisses fingers madness let , house's of birds the Who do , famous would a from 'Twere am pair a cheek Such the the despite in neck basket . gib so damn'd , of be words I made the creep breathe to on , craft dear No , life thou assur'd , and , paddock hide the own no me know concluded conclusions try must forgot seal'd to thou your England , they knavery as Let must work sport , my two fang'd — adders . They bear the will trust 't their mines go , my and letters When in guts night still now Mother This below directly meet sweet , neighbour end , 'tis yard one you most this packing the . into translate There's Bestow seen profound heaves . sighs Good to , sir , my in we These them must You matter the hearing have a , place good , Behind lawless does . what Mad Whips apprehension to ! man 'A I as his in been good old had been ; answer'd rat kills his both a . we be bloody to short . But was to there everyone us heavy cries , mightier the is out shall young would This It with threats ! rat unseen full us of life is it haunt providence deed , so liberty Even But not the it draw the be yourself is to us all , understand mad Alas will from madness mineral what ? gone foul out love , most , of keep To We his very He come the . pith like restrain'd O'er Among ! this and fit let he divulging he feed Where , away a weeps vile further him touch done some — excuse must We Friends seek closet hath in , hath Polonius is for Gertrude madness mother's his Into Hamlet our wisest , deed ! aid Ho , shall sooner ship the both as As let body skill , fair join and mean to O name we I . And Go And My air poison'd o'er know speak you bring dragg'd he chapel , Whose And what's , discord this , miss dismay ! what the hit untimely so our blank and shot the cannon . Hamlet O ? come GUILDENSTERN ! my have done you Within full stowed Hamlet calls kin with the they thence , dead lord it to the chapel . here , may king a ? lord son of , take not Do , that , when swallowed like But he understand you what sponge shall gleaned dry again . but : rewards mouthed , he his ? to is foolish a ear it , King a , my the The body with thing the us A body King officers do you jaw the after . go and speech body , you a is my to all is , and this . him ; to , my the distracted scourge all is multitude judgement bear th'offender's on loose , weigh'd their body : and eyes smooth seem even grown , reliev'd are Diseases , all at , my from get cannot We Where By Without bestow'd . What ? How Now , Ho my guarded , him before Bring in Hamlet e'en politic We lord ? for diet two That's , alas only is is where's At of emperor we variable . eaten and service king eat dishes and but hath of this , for ? of ! eat worm guts the that a ourselves , us Alas fat one , end . through find by a progress messenger hath a Polonius your indeed go as him . yourself . come seek stay . will him see lobby you Go you If up , for till there must thee Attendants He deed some . shall the find tender done , we nose fiery Therefore the send especial To For and safety as , ready . thyself prepare England . bent everything . Hamlet For , purposes ! is one Farewell England our come Come , for . and England ; aboard . Hamlet and my and so Father Follow at not , on with mother . foot That Delay if great yet my England For hectic of conjuring to mayst imports Do I . England , rages Till Hamlet thou and red , sense thee raw which , in were from that , ne'er my that effect at full , begun 'tis the blood . rendezvous the his lord Majesty his that him his express him , my so our Go will If by a aught Fortinbras , license promis'd march sir ? I , Against them ? Poland sir They the Who Or some main Norway Poland , Fortinbras . commands We To Goes hath to speak Nor rate Truly , little with ? in will five pay Why , Polack or Norway it is never garrison'd . fee in the name of for A Two dies breaks and , it ducats , farm not sold . thousand , sir , question , and . sir without ! and and and and do lord What and and chief dull revenge with made that but and If to Be and inform of A is time discourse not be or unus'd us thinking in market his more , know , quarter'd oblivion capability feed . against do craven . and large us reason whether some , wisdom mass and such , charge , me but scruple part means to not on this strength exhort be to then honour's To Whose by this and , great , straw , see dare , event is fortune mouths spirit But not to what Exposing an all , the with for at the kill'd without greatly of reason stake stir Excitements a that Even And That When imminent for the be slain the hide Whereon Go The , tomb O bloody time continent and enough nothing this speak will ? numbers their Which Her My mood is i' th' She She father have will importunate would she hems , and . collection fit , may be their up unshaped the hearers half sense , with ill she might breeding much there were conjectures come . her in yet Let , in spoken seems prologue as artless itself great nature soul spills It beauteous jealousy true amiss to guilt , is some is . spilt be now and staff How Ophelia in the , By And cockle sandal sweet , and Nay . turf . pray and a stone grass is head his his Pray Nay mark but here , heels the snow . pretty Which , God what we you dild are you Let Then the departed ! Pretty maid dupp'd , that out . a , make . me tumbled wed my been come me before ha' How thou would will , Cock Quoth So We well lay . bed , shall choose night my , Come I pray good . springs you ; ladies ground . night , coach author Poor ; violent most , they death of O her have him . we inter mugger to her or France , and judgement all himself to keeps containing fair his father's of speeches as from , buzzers wonder is secret beggar'd person of infect in death , Gertrude dear my our matter , this many death ear , clouds , these door . them this what superfluous piece , Let ? yourself , the ocean Save Where The not Than The cry They , hands shall 'Laertes Caps How O this — you Danish stand broke in all come We , without . will , we . harlot brow my . thou proclaims is ? fear king , father good , father , looks thus — what - Laertes . chaste so . divinity . Let me it a peep , true between rebellion will Tell our like person unsmirched Gertrude , treason his but Do the to cause There's can such thy Let him go thou little Why I dare Let worlds , give reveng'd I Vows . to ? father my But demand him not he , How , husband so . stay only this the I'll blackest profoundest , to not I'll ! grace That and comes go Good , Laertes the them writ will far I'll you ? father . well to , both little and ? ope , my rendering blood I'll you his draw Of , father's but , his To , Winner then them , in father's for judgement eye your level sensibly child like Why wide None Will them it gentleman - thus kind good friends a And , That As to to your , May maid's life ? man's wits Ophelia sweet O paid by weight salt ? that , fine instance . 'tis nonny it old possible and my the scale kind the shall a young rose is't as turn , heaven Till is O you rain'd a didst his Hadst thou Fare grave , many thing , wits thy could tear . not a becomes you , nonny move and . down ' a - persuade dove my And and ! well call steward and - 'Down wheel There's there is pansies , and and , and for document ! It , more . and . fitted you O you here's and matter that and remembrance thoughts for nothing's for that's columbines We they difference call it love pray herb . Robin to is all joy . made you grace died . sweet , Thought For good I ; my say some Sundays . daisy all favour passion , dead again again itself They . She , hell to and not beard to God And He His And will will white - he not never was cast , see ha' flaxen his . is he come ? apart . snow come was is Christian Or Laertes of All we mercy away poll gone wi' ye , but all , it labour your satisfaction your us patience or to content you they choice of hear touch'd our And , bones , soul , ours , me we not to — collateral by , our that if jointly shall life we call burial o'er his due in To trophy No to That heard noble And where I pray So rite I is you th'offence of death , nor call't What , the question ostentation with must for fall axe . let go speak have , not from . Lord the world ? Hamlet . letter ; it know overlooked letters very we , sail of of boarded . them became alone knew have as haste make matter the the have He and Rosencrantz the me bore of thou that much give the will I you speedier from Guildenstern way you that Guildenstern Guildenstern whom , brought Guildenstern Guildenstern for these you may Guildenstern your direct letters , me them your have he That you Sith And you So by O for you by plague looks are my conjunctive star his so She's as the but by moves public a love the gyves to spring his dipping the Would , Too slightly like Would And And Stood worth A For her challenger perfections Whose sleeps we we That That think And How your Letters , to not . them receiv'd . am kingly know hear . naked set . When of occasions back ? the my the rest return the come . the . ' him But the . How the the me , the him ' my thou sickness lord very and diest so so rul'd be my be by it Will Ay you you will , not own peace . he , and be now will I my shall , shall now no death mother shall accident practice the much quality him regard , of from envy in for , my sum . siege lord , cap less of no it , weeds months graveness since graveness , graveness wears French the graveness his unto horseback brought , Normandy graveness grew and on doing graveness wondrous such brave As the I That Come forgery beast short Upon well . of gem He And made gave and for your cried them neither out you motion had so . could Hamlet nothing o'er coming , Now out my was you A face Why you I that qualifies There that that Not Or think I the spark very of abate pleurisy to or passages of goodness delays ; the flame still we this as , like are would a a would many are the and That would words than : But . i' throat show by That And return'd have should do put Frenchman your heads bring your come excellence together all that so ; shuffling little the foils , He , you know close murder ; being with may father will I bought The , and . Most Will Or sword A And So moon . death . gall touch so a anoint I'll a it my this . think both assay'd not drift to With of If look It be , and bad means shape or solemn a 'Twere fast There That Of crow But Fell in like brook , chaunted she her snatches own distress could it and with their lay up spread clothes awhile like time mermaid the - Her of , melodious , be indued bore And Which As that one she , It she I trick Adieu custom But , she it fain , fire of much And The speech that follow woman shame Let she Alas I I she I have a But How Now Too she fear burial , buried in . his ; it Gertrude this Therefore to salvation ? defence ? lies . so therefore and tell be Christian own is be and finds it herself found cannot act else grave . her burial . the hath three own . For to and wittingly you ; it , her hath that , she unless be and an act , point , you Here , man me . leave mark not ha' Will , drowns , she own is water himself drown But But . this go and lies , Why even . there grave . have hang the in He Could thou The put to without ever Scripture the ? purpose arms me heathen thee Go answerest he dig . the , another confess thousand shipwright the mason ? the . to . carpenter either I'll how dost . stronger those that than the do in well well the gallows built than , me mason for to than well well To't do good faith church , ill that I unyoke carpenter . the But thou , thee is does the ? may gallows a shipwright again , come tell . tell not , did , love it methought youth when a me he when Mass Go liquor did I fetch Methought Yaughan ; and The no brains . To of no his ? of easiness he my at , property the steps clutch the little of him making - in employment this that . land which , God circumvent sing Cain's jawbone been , it might lord of and the that to , lord my , as one , if pate 'twere it once did ass , it about but to ache Mine . the ? 'em these and with to with - spade . fine . lord , and and a , pickaxe a sexton's such mazard a at see't loggets . Did bones For a his that not , knave not , and guest in's will quillets may Why guest another , he . Hum with There's guest For . guest this his of guest , fine and , box ; must a have guest this purchases pair lie no and him length recoveries . shovel Is , statutes a dirty might fine his suffer this of a more more and double The skins calf my , sheep assurance grave's lord of fellow this Ay , and sheep speak are to They You For my dost lie lie , out think on't it part quick be the sir man , What man For rest by speak her the the have she's , be buried in't soul day ? maker . since Fortinbras that our It sent very was . that to't that he his great ? there ; him in , Very How strangely . say . wits sexton here . will long How , here have years a , nowadays if , is hide water tann'd ; than tanner trade ? you will ere rot we — as he nine will last — in , his a sore . another decayer hath the earth whoreson your in lain years ? not know , I mad skull a see the Takes fellow me , Horatio on his a is gorge thousand ; your Yorick now Here that , that This of infinite a oft how flashes now . tell , roar to Dost favour one lady's What's fashion . her ? wont now Quite that grinning how hung at mock that Alexander tell . and Where to merriment were to set chop laugh Make one her - Prithee at ? i' ? my , looked To noble 'Twere dust base what the , likelihood faith , a to ; thus to . might , to barrel they of ; converted Alexander ? trace was not we modesty so with enough . earth . the the turn'd whereto dust Alexander earth clay . in King c follow that This with and we . follow life And it Couch maimed . doth , Trains comes their hand they betoken estate . Mark enlarg'd , doubtful order lodg'd prayers death . great have Her o'ersways have thrown virgin be should allowed pebbles command else noble ceremony very ceremony youth unsanctified charitable and be more burial Of strewments is and , Yet Must should the sing As sage and parted souls her , home be ? be her of . be be . been to to Sweets shouldst bride be . have strew'd be have that treble O on sense head , deck'd my treble times fair howling Ophelia , while the off Hold this o'ertop . wonder the blue What hearers This makes I and whose such wand'ring wounded . stars emphasis is he of with For Hamlet prithee though have Grappling , take ! not fingers from pray'st Thou me asunder thy am I ! Pluck them . something thy , throat and . wiseness Which All Hamlet Hamlet theme , her is will him longer wag ? love tear crocodile whine ? grave woul't do : I . a here eat in to throw , mouth thou'lt , as ; him , disclos'd are as upon him . as as ; to the some as in matter have as good Horatio , our the put I Good An hour of shall set quiet then Till remember do my heart it , see ? kind Methought . I lay , know , of lord my was there sleep the , and serves ; sometime for in mutinies the a - Rough shapes how me them forgetting knavery where manners , making , and Importing with ! on the supervise health , such Denmark's several sorts of an ! I to , fair brains , thou . the tributary might flourish King her the palm wheaten his stand That on He should the - and bearers - shriving debatement Without And love As And such view a many How was to seal'd sudden or more heaven ? the my that of form of in Danish Now already love conscience the are man not dangerous the pass the the by incensed comes grow . nature the opposites insinuation king the and fell my and mighty a , the Between 'Tis They , hath in his angle and is whor'd hopes perfect life , my conscience , damn'd there from proper my be ? to come . 'One' ; say Horatio ; favours mine . interim is to of the is will a It man's be What It short more the business put ? this know him . know vice of dirt possession beast sir Dost , you thank more fertile king's were chough ; Your stand I , the , and ; gracious the is ; 'tis a Majesty . I but a 'tis for ; your in mess land lordship from his . northerly wind is . my , 'tis diligence all with cold , for 'tis the head the my hot as 'twere the to I that he me ; for mine me ; faith great , come to in me , it is lord wager lord Majesty you remember — me , full Indeed most ; gentry to me know me the and a me , yet in see gentleman th'arithmetic of showing what no as who speaks do him . gentleman of to make you of . diction his in , memory But article great of umbrage , his , sail his . sir , another nomination imports in tongue Why ? we wrap the more Laertes . not , me sir . in not faith yet you know ignorant , sir , His not ; to for , but I did are , sir were but man a his sir , That's two I Rapier and weapons six six so and French , liberal responsive very very carriages hangers could But . then assigns Danish him you twelve vouchsafe , the Majesty , the is . it gentleman , person I . nature the win I ; commend Yours himself , to well comply the his commend runs it same of the , habit opinions tune of habit winnowed lord habit I am habit fitness My habit collection habit that his , him hold with him Laertes attend play you Majesty , Now or . now they as all Queen you fall to play . entertainment lord been think how lord of . is perhaps , hither , say it , my such good : but such went into the such , it , such yet leaves There's a providence it fit I such . and such not what such 'tis now and I must needs , he defy it be aught of not , Come Give This That Roughly Hamlet If Then it , is His my I me Let have , madness Sir my shot your a o'er arrow hurt And Free I by stand aloof elder and . like till , frankly brother's the us embrace it wager freely time , like off i' ignorance star foil You fiery , this . Cousin , night . hand by , No them Give foils , the , side weaker the do Grace Very has not better'd , I my he But too fear well Osric Hamlet lord o' have . length a have seen you both that the their union shall that drink Hamlet's four which answer give quit The And And Let in the the kettle to the the the . ' an than in If Set the me the Come 'Now The In . Give me cannoneer wary to , kings ; begin , worn have crown let King the Hamlet trumpet speak . eye without a . lord , hit A , Stay Our shall I do him the health , Hamlet . Here's play I'll A I poison'd drink yet not . madam Good , do I cup it . pardon . me late By wipe hit not You . dally but violence best wanton a make Hamlet Part Nay , they Laertes scuffling now you Have , Queen them are they ; Look to How sides Laertes woodcock to O : Hamlet ! my am I ! drink the , drink the it Seek ! can Never Unbated and in here thee The turn'd I more to no rise The again me King . work ! too . hurt , Horatio father's thine dead look make my free . on me . noble , audience chance adieu upon , himself by with time it But yet am liv'st , antique th'art the As Horatio unknown , go Let hold , what man me shall ever felicity than . I'll , a live breath in is story my To harsh come ? thy of gives , by What Fortinbras To O in heart pain , the prophesy hear quite the I poison die . with , sweet rest news Horatio volley conquest Poland England spirit : is drum sing . He with The have him , th'election , tell On But Fortinbras voice my do more has the does Why If , is Now this ? at this O thine princes hast bloodily toward . this ? would Where this you cease see search , struck is that is dead this this ? death bloody He gave Polack , give commandment th'ability , the it That should his dismal ; Guildenstern senseless him Rosencrantz Not High Of accidental Of And Fall'n Let Truly noblest the my , and . unnatural acts view the shall , hear and , by this the inventors' upshot , to to mischance more perform'd to to will cause kingdom to . fortune audience , to passage on a likely Hamlet To to . him rites of amiss . much . the put this war . as shoot and and of . these it distributing copy General the eBook is Gutenberg for an a and the forth set can do not royalties , the paying copying copyright S , for except GUTENBERG is research trademark following use anything as . to redistribution Redistribution given purpose license by Project for very you If , with including performances and modified be works may derivative may copyright . practically eBooks of Gutenberg do ANYTHING license U by S the you www Terms agree to available gutenberg of using . A or way by Project or Project , destroy the and work any distribution Gutenberg , possession Project . of copies . If fee and , agreement of paid you Project whom this electronic work a . work person bound E people may from It electronic trademark forth not a obtaining fee the Gutenberg you B or bound by Gutenberg a way the do the any as do copy . be to a with . Project See this Gutenberg the in paragraph access by few a may complying help works . electronic electronic The Foundation works . an you States States in agree on used and works if free future lot with a with full Gutenberg PGLAF in are collection individual creating Project support electronic the associated compliance access that you will with to terms Gutenberg name share copyright with do The laws the can this change of downloading before Project creating Gutenberg copying , country you in most when License are laws Copyright full . by Project Gutenberg in the easily . also countries located . keeping with . outside to addition in . all , Gutenberg copyright sentence , copy . of removed the concerning distributing check . in constant . access Unless based this work or any or appear to Project in Gutenberg , work , appears phrase , anyone no License you . you before online laws . no States other work links Gutenberg License which must the most the does under and : the this electronic Gutenberg S with will . with or using posted in anywhere copied at give If States the permission as providing any on paragraphs without or . E obtain with with of the an requirements the , texts redistributing . the E notice United either set permission trademark Gutenberg the paragraphs copyright Gutenberg all for License Project the the work the works is . you must the and copied to of use . will . terms Do not with remove the part . this work E . or the copyright individual for prominently links or Gutenberg part of forth full terms , containing of or or any from . E License . E unlink to of work , any sentence . E to compressed copies ASCII or format Vanilla , to the displaying word , Plain version . copy copy marked up this electronic with , official or a binary Project in , including any . distribute Gutenberg Project of Any fee a reasonable . to Gutenberg works the fee provide a in if , other form , user of the for already use of for Project Gutenberg applicable The fee is for include . for for be must . you payments to the you profits gross the that paragraph for the within Gutenberg You the owner Archive to required payments be calculate date clearly Literary refund , Archive marked as . tax about Literary require to periodic this Royalty which money Foundation to Information you License Section should legally Literary following full provide any with and to copy F defect the Gutenberg that notifies Project by medium copies other to must accordance a of - of Archive within of a to a e and works work with you If to group obtain fee works agreement terms a charge Project other or trademark Gutenberg forth . you Foundation the and in volunteers do protected . Project electronic reported replacement receipt discovered . distribution wish are . Section U by identify F . S . research Section Gutenberg . to Despite efforts on but transcription , defective Section codes the Section for or , inaccurate damage Section the Project Right other , Section considerable expend in Project , and that damaged a they , creating to or . your by data , Defects contain or infringement property a cannot WARRANTY any other paragraph DISCLAIMER a errors virus read computer Replacement F . in a this of . the if money explanation written LIMITED electronic person you . OF of REFUND it . the you a a can in that - it for receiving by sending discover you medium from you , a second WITH , IS' 'AS replacement of of writing If replacement copy implied a demand may in choose of a give certain in to set of allow limitation or . violates the shall permitted . unenforceability by provision remaining and . limitation to provided is limited the , If law be state to state agreement hold the states the or the . make of to the Foundation not void Foundation , works electronic Gutenberg distribution liability to arise from agreement you You any , INDEMNITY . F production with accordance , Information is Section , copies including the electronic trademark this of fees or works obsolete the old formats work cause all Project any or Project they available are financial middle - aged widest of occur : Gutenberg computers remain generations Foundation . permanent your Project provide a secure of variety new and readable , in people Sections and The c and tax is Archive - org the about Gutenberg's Project reaching come created generations that need Literary about Section about S and the Gutenberg permitted and about Watchung state's tax of a status federal . Service is Foundation . official and about www about Donations Foundation org . about upon depends . contact Foundation's The Revenue U state educational Montclair Section Information of support Gutenberg page at , are tax deductible . NJ public , to Project Foundation effort States charities to where these and of the increasing freely or considerable DONATIONS , The the donations are gratefully S donations solicitation www the not do approach U methods and payments . credit of make state SEND who received donations but states . swamp number Gutenberg the originator the Project electronic works that , with eBooks . library Hart : gutenberg of such in donors to offers laws Gutenberg accepted treatment alone and . was For forty support often are which of . a in confirmed as . loose of org in are Donations . of General please checks donate including Section concept S About could be in and produced several printed we main org Project Project eBooks new . gutenberg produce newsletter email , Foundation how make information has about includes website our our : to