? Stand me answer and unfold ! the your . hour . Francisco . cold to quiet guard heart . Get twelve now struck you , meet , Well had rivals I think I to to Friends And the this ground liegemen you . place , has O my , Holla farewell good soldier Barnardo Horatio good ? appear'd 'tis let have will , Say Touching I I What With sight of . not come it . 'twill speak , to entreated but appear tush eyes , assail , night along him this minutes the again our let are two nights awhile down fortified , Tush so Sit against have this . it — myself the ; Thou Looks like . the art It to Mark King harrows would be Horatio , Denmark buried . Horatio , it that is speak stalks charge I offended away ! speak thee look tremble ! God I you not ! and ! Before ! thou armour he on ! in 'Tis Thus by this strange and he With gone our watch . dead ; know parle ; an Polacks on opinion state my our he watch , observant , not to toils such mart Does Why What impress strict , some gross thought hath stalk of the ; task haste day , our but you ; in our so goes whisper That image prick'd combat slay by on the as by by to Did forfeit , stood with this who law life , by valiant King design'd , which Fortinbras return'd the to , of seiz'd Did Thereto Was he fell stomach food hot , lawless to us , same , young and resolutes other lands state , there , it , and head chief strong by of main his the this our and haste other motive of this , preparations hand take the our no foresaid . those our , the enterprise in't recover father And Of That A mote is high and mind's Julius tenantless mightiest the the and most it was it be sort our question of the wars figure but rummage this to portentous so in e'en like so palmy stars the A little the influence Neptune's omen earth like sick Upon Was with and . coming the preceding with stands , events demonstrated graves Disasters squeak even As , though climatures moist , star the ! blast be , of use me still together our be , say If That happily uphoarded earth in here here it if Shall 'Tis the the air , when crew mockery . the , started speak fearful summons it I And was lofty like have - Doth sea Whether Th'extravagant god is offer We To with cock Upon in confine on celebrated comes . heard to trumpet . the or the probation truth hies spirit earth in , fire his The No crowing faded say Saviour's birth all spirit crowing are , heard crowing Break Walks crowing us the the crowing our hallow'd crowing , singeth , then power clad , him ? him will upon have by speak duty our , what russet to is do of up , dew young consent , shall pray I Let's Do you we shall to Cornelius we do't acquaint him Attendant Hamlet dear Hamlet I most , with to , dumb us our in and know . green yet Yet To bear our hearts in fought on . woe it , grief , memory Laertes , Voltemand and . whole ; nature , queen of our us , state joy , thanks dirge him barr'd gone , you weak , follows Holding thinking Now Or Colleagued most his by Lost state in funeral equal this scale wife along our and his us all this of young we for , rid uncle ourself for To hath Our a late the father with dream this not To impotent , fail'd disjoint dear brother's out those bonds much of have : business the Importing valiant and to surrender . is He our , Of with the King greeting you the all , in proportions we levies writ time Now Of You business and Farewell ; let these full herein gait lists , For His bearers Giving The of In that And lose not voice be cannot of shall . not the What is My Yet show must lord petition , and my leave hard Polonius ? leave . slow go will . last , leave What ? will my you give it him time ; at my wrung from me be . consent kind ? than son , sun i' Hamlet clouds that my little it my , How But Not know'st let eye ever with thy , so Passing madam not alone , it of solemn ; particular common look lives dust Denmark . die common it nature . is it Nay If , it my ! seems Why No , nor windy the Nor have trappings commendable know must sweet These To Of In shows do sorrow condolement stubbornness obstinate a But As know A It impious To will unfortified must vulgar thing and unschool'd , a . father to ; father survivor father , some 'Tis a is , sense , common heaven grief throne us of world son his For bears intent our in to back impart that the father first the must As Do I And unprevailing so To This are a ; for dearest less nobility father to in Our Let is I as all us cousin our you mother . of ; whereof ; my This in Be And the cannon . bruit Hamlet reply . Hamlet , prayers my loving Denmark that health to gentle jocund smiling Sits best 'tis in and heart the Re King's speaking But O His two grows Fie canon So Visit But Thaw Or 'gainst weary and slaughter uses things ; it ! seed . excellent months Possess a not increase — Frailty , name is old on within were , Why beteem the to this . but Hercules that . poor shoes of mine father , she discourse month with married those Why yet and By think she A ; tears I With the salt — followed ere my wants thy grown month ! father's , my post eyes unrighteous a more Within no longer , all God Ere But of is heart it wicked her of to : myself . well of The am , of Hail , of ever my my of , Horatio you ; servant good Wittenberg , Sir good ? with Marcellus am would it . what But We'll Against make you not A , shall . report your of disposition in was to see , know are own that my truster you in you . funeral Elsinore truant ? student - met — I mock it , I had furnish Horatio seen , I was , meats . father my see my My Horatio not , shall a once ; Where Or saw He I My look think I , him upon his In my lord I lord The Season For . may father while a for , love With an waste encounter'd at Marcellus Two to I the of had had dead the and . exactly , by fear - he - had - with : surprised , to eyes , fear did , they had them , had , good and This distill'd , pie like had and ; length and secrecy not and the , In with thing apparition had the third thrice solemn walk'd watch me of . kept him act night word they them dreadful had I each comes the But . knew ? father true in time both , address haste it did did it ? watch and crew honour'd lord , 'tis in answer As I do To let it very vanish'd down of my But it shrunk in away . strange from our ; think you we Indeed A countenance Pale O my , fix'd lord in , What more look'd sorrow in anger . there constantly ? you . a tell . life 'twill Perchance no longer , Longer I . it his again saw't when you pray conceal'd And bid me be I will A walk person father's watch . all ; tonight silence but no still honour Our visit you , well , you , fare and I'll Your My Till I loves , as in father's some sit all Though My spirit , doubt my o'erwhelm , to men's . not winds do , doubt Think no but nature For thews No more does it crescent The In violet in more suppliance The ; service of wide And The Grows For He Carve His he Unto give May Whereof The As It fits Than saying ; of in your . the he deed loss ear your you your goes list what too your lose Or in maid and the shot the danger of desire strokes the of . keep , else in though imminent do heaven libertine way . to me Whilst Himself the a as my heart some Show , And Be best safety and ungracious But dalliance rede . shame . comes sail ; father not But here my . fear a a leave , memory vulgar tongue for aboard second , There the Aboard your with . station . gaudy buy thy voice . being of beware proclaims rich , not in be and . true . be husbandry self dulls follow blessing I humbly Thou it And : my time The all then : as false to any thee . it . hath said of late and you , 'Tis private told Given audience been — of to as caution he hath touching well very oft : Lord Hamlet yourself , tenders made late , Unsifted in his , dearly fool pay ; baby them think Tender yourself for tenders the — My given may not , hath In it thus tender me . the all countenance to to . phrase , go soul making is it as maiden a , the to love ; holy woodcocks burns blood springes With fashion vows of go his do heaven , And hath speech . know - with a vows investments , brokers young , their of sanctified better Breathing Not Do I to so talk beguile implorators which pious unholy for all , For him he Lord higher he tether larger that In they may your come ; terms and is is Hamlet this moment you Have The would As , I ? air shrewdly . very to near twelve . cold . it heard Wherein ? think I doth wassail I my lord season ? reels his Rhenish his It . not spirit does What King The - drains , tonight and takes wake swaggering trumpet his of triumph and the drum and The as he of , bray thus . marry though , the my born headed and achievements our Soil our honour'd So nature pales in complexion origin are his breaking Or The Oft Since vicious chances reason guilty , o'erleavens defect , that too the mole Fortune's of ; that habit of choose mole though of mole oft and it our in not these mole pure The substance particular Shall mole From , the in That mole mole o'ergrowth stamp , grace — blasts or grace ministers thee Bring with a Angels com'st such wicked from intents thy King I , Dane That thou Let me not father canoniz'd burst inurn'd sepulchre in and What this mean , Hamlet thee tell , fools again Be speak Why Making thou cast To Revisit'st night So , hideous , cerements bones thy , if As beckons to you go you did it desire go to you it speak Do not no means it courteous impartment with some It with a action . it follow fear . No ; to a be my . should deprive your some ? assume That Without very place motive o'er the to Or Which And The so more looks And beneath to roar I'll follow on It many , not , waves hears , That And you draw , Go , My Hold off ; shall you out , gentlemen in Nemean Unhand of , cries artery shall hands petty nerve this will state of come . it Something after To what the . in direct I'll further Mark . me will go , Speak ? me lead wilt thou , poor thy shall myself . ghost almost Must Alas I hear thou hear shalt when revenge thy father's , thou I art to Speak the a tale of thy up Would Are Make Thy each upon the particular and unfold But days of nature , forbid , blood spheres end list it ! Murder , foul But to Haste most me most duller shouldst find my revenge I , as this foul Wouldst thou rots not 'Tis Is The Rankly serpent wears sleeping in ear death youth life , have the power — vow , mov'd be will poor were decline heaven angel shape it gifts radiant . orchard air , my of . always hebenon ears did pour man effect stole , of hour sate lust So Upon Will , though And But The The curd with natural And My my The And life off Most Thus Cut O , but ! thee my nature the and of , horrible in most bear Denmark incest this on damned soul . be let her pursu'st for thou reckoning ! royal luxury my disappointed in mother not Taint thy shows Adieu The , adieu pale , To prick you heaven O fie earth you hell host and those nor in uneffectual . of bear But Ay this my And ghost globe , stiffly , couple adieu sinews , me thou In I'll All Unmix'd may the And wipe Yea saws That Within O there sure it it , 'Adieu Within Within It , least you are . Now my lord Lord is , I My . lord and HORATIO have . Heaven . Hamlet , my ? it Hillo , O bird noble , it . my wonderful , lord lord reveal man once all . an villain arrant dwelling come lord my There no , tell right To more at all : part i' from and point shall desire it as Why And , You for and part poor pray that fit man hath . right . this are us own . lord business circumstance you without . is Horatio , but Touching ghost Patrick heartily words , and no my , my ; you offend sorry I'm are . one me you Give as you As , In my sworn , you have , lord swear't . truepenny there in thou . lord my my lord , Swear . my , boy , on hear this to Consent thou stage Art ? sword . the to Then upon , our . seen . your hands Beneath Once Canst ! old Well A worthy , Beneath Never and as in stranger this but , good i' remove ? strange so fast , more mole are There are therefore dreamt as Than , strange or I before of things such could and head some doubtful this or never As , Or With you How , your heaven philosophy so in odd put at encumber'd thus ambiguous of : 'There 'We at and aught such , or phrase you , giving , of not help this or be out and , to go us to is Let your . O together it cursed , in pray . gentlemen , Hamlet joint I joint go joint joint joint it . joint , very well did I what first what ; Before You shall know 'twere my what means expense question finding they ; son , who said well son What By and son do encompassment son they Than Take son part As son in part if't What son But As ' him take , and there , heed noted ' , liberty most , and You ' fencing , ' you . gaming youth ' are As lord You my ' not That's may The outbreak of of liberty ; him may , so , that would dishonour put meaning they flash Wherefore Of savageness A That good good As good party good youth The Having closes good , be 'gentleman' good assur'd crimes consequence 'friend this the of in or . ' addition good the or guilty ; prenominate my and And , By in , something 'gentleman ' Where say I about . was does to , leave ? consequence , I At 'closes day , you say did I gentleman ; See you ; and to What ' the At , or closes him so 'closes There saw gaming , yesterday such enter windlasses indirections him bait thus , by we of my find me have not and . You lord wi' have former my b' My God lecture of , yourself in . my , shall let Farewell . my his music him and Hamlet lord My No Ungart'red as As he And his To Pale Alas what With , Lord shirt a had speak lord not , was , so - I as knocking each to , of down his hat upon if Then He . At he his to , said truly but know the falls would — sigh did seem little such hand held , brow , light without . King . me with his As Come For out to As And thrice , head he — love his eyes , seek way over , he shoulder their I last their me on without fordoes to passion go , under , with him fear'd he did but command am I any and did trifle as it It meant not What good afflict given . natures have you I And must . lack be As beyond But and . and . did , opinions my . our might . younger sort . Welcome . we The than dear to hide long to Guildenstern , heard you you provoke call be both , with man gather . thus , in and put him youth pleasures to to rest you remedy of you us to time vouchsafe you Some draw To being I So his father's And since so little That him from lies hath he open'd as whom To to expend adheres profit hope will living , have you command . full bent . into , in at commanded . We To To entreaty . visitation Your fits your both and gentle and Rosencrantz the Guildenstern . instantly is your amen helpful make and I , much My too presence And presence changed presence bring Heavens Norway still presence Thou my my I , presence Ay presence Both hold and been lord the joyfully , to first shall , them be Give the feast . bring that th'ambassadors and me grace of fruit , my to fruit that do news My O fruit speak all queen admittance fruit fruit our good shall . sift my , fruit head He I fruit is death father's doubt and source sweet other our and o'erhasty ! those overcome against your soldiers fee annual employ thousand three Was Fortinbras rebuke as So vow before with obeys arrests : quiet shown herein further Majesty ; from ; in On That so his hand in he th'assay him you . his Norway of uncle never arms to Norway old , crowns Polack the commission entreaty might levied before , against , this upon consider'd us therein such Go liege be , night , and night night is the waste the son call Mad will Therefore Were , tediousness be is't ; it should is nothing What day , business is Your be But matter let art true at foolish . true 'tis I true figure will use but define for That he Madam pity Mad we out grant it 'tis , I : cause 'tis A 'tis no I . And defect . Perpend this by thus . art no remains . 'tis all . pity mine surmise beautified a the gather whilst is 'beautified' : shall phrase idol . daughter remains Hath my vile , most Ophelia . will ill , hear awhile the thou Doubt Doubt , that the a move , fire are doth love . faithful I to liar ? her not machine this daughter my This , I at thee truth doubt love most that But evermore And out they in hath so prove fain a As I I man do of I Or I As perceiv'd the heart play'd told it Majesty your desk , or love me table and book , dumb : bespeak went idle round , might , think , sight to his my precepts resort to a into into , watch a repulsed she took — sadness the she Admit , raves . this a wail we . this for tale advice make , ' otherwise . know I this If truth I is if I were though the sometimes hid try we may How Take encounter assistant a he . lobby Within he the loose I'll four . he from no a be the be We keep not and I . does behind fall'n her If love arras reason thereon , state for me Not Then be , honest dog , a breed sun For sun . dead maggots ten , in have conceive was youth said may ? again What much extremity He harping fishmonger words , Words to in ; truly Still my — Still daughter you not walk Still me gone this I Still For their ; Still that are satirical . faces Still as I sir ; matter the mean , most yourself tree gum hams yet potently with plum sir , I . the they , it which All wrinkled here eyes old you says though , lord grey crab thus plentiful that of amber you and powerfully purging I , lack most wit have yet backward old go hold weak , Will ! are , Indeed that is out A contrive lord , honourable My cannot You not take tedious well my fools Lord Polonius To to my you seek You These . is sir dear most My friends How do ye Guildenstern Ah , thou lord children the Good lads My As Happy On Fortune's we we Rosencrantz good . how earth the ! both of soles are her very are Nor the ? of but the hither Let the hands question worst dungeons lord for so o' th' nothing is it good . bad and , confines one my Denmark's Denmark is world me there are think . your I infinite space could , thinking makes ambitious are it in nutshell have . of very a shadow ; a , be 'tis , then then , makes ambition not ; that for the and for king a . dreams substance of is dreams Truly such beggars' ROSENCRANTZ court our , Elsinore . what no occasion even my an will To man . at I other my the , you you the to matter beaten that in speak We'll sort am make your own . lord free a dear too my justly the know confession What But me am halfpenny thanks in , inclining should in looks . it ; nay a my Queen ? rights of our what more dear by the better whether , or even love To purpose your good end , what ever , by , be , consonancy But let with conjure lord , our , You modesties my youth of me and withal must preserved you charge - teach a off , lord To If all so , earth goodly but to the ; anticipation no your . it this all custom , you say of of brave sterile mirth . I the thing of and is a foul , me look fretted roof to me : reason action in beauty , prevent my and golden a of congregation my feather how how And not you stuff I 'Man you though in work me than delight We not offer on , man to no like delights . apprehension , angel form moving yet seem such when you you . be knight shall they to so . neither me' woman not said if Why , players the He of shall the the shall not me those and were you How , comes of both residence means did , both ways in the — in delight . Their better when the I by it endeavour same comes in How , No , the hold they , the eyases common tyrannically little call cry , that out so . and 'em to common quills the a ; sides themselves no exclaim their if the they quality children tarre O to the question . and for while cuffs and about possible . There do on against make them much my away there a Ay , is mouths strange is for hundred very throwing boys welcome There players Your ceremony . natural lived of ? in , picture appear and to like players Elsinore the than father his out and are Gentlemen you , In my father . entertainment wind west - north mad my Well with from dear lord the - aunt - the uncle my you there , he's baby see Happily time me a , lord sir you not yet be and them of each indeed in morning : to he My tell of the Monday have , news The - comical historical scene individable , tragical too hither or for the , historical These are ! thou the , comedy light , hadst only , tragedy for either , nor . judge of and be - pastoral men . poem . daughter old daughter more and . ' ? have follows then not , wot as came As by Why , th' of lot , pious my all old friend . comes good last , thee and mistress last The the , masters gold We'll , altitude the by ! friends . row , are first It welcome chanson . caviare to above , heard thee speak not the matter . well in said , the speech me whose play Come , and lines modesty as others million to , it as pleased much the in sallets the let see , arms see , resemble me Pyrrhus ominous the did as he purpose Pyrrhus The It Black lay , trick'd sons tale thereabout live : streets complexion with whose dismal heraldry is of and o'ersized eyes their That thus dismal with . dismal . Roasted and a parching horridly , gules more dismal , dismal , daughters . dismal he 'Fore dismal , my short arm he dismal Rebellious Pyrrhus father Priam Repugnant , God lord to drives the feel blow , with For , and , in of , Ilium flaming head . still and the stand below work pause fall new him the , Pyrrhus' for so rack some the , the to , speechless often nothing . Did as , neutral in silence The A But Out bowl synod , general In And the round long on . he . your of is with come mobled 'Mobled 'The That's bisson the rheum late About blanket this A Who 'Gainst if , would Pyrrhus state th'alarm stood . and her seen saw of milch mortal things Unless In instant made And passion more have thee see the out are players speak they for used will ; where The , well , less 'scape My , bodikin man much I whipping ? Use them use will better , you play is play . is a is in't lord need is insert is study him is would lord down would would some would not would , would , would player passion that so to a this dream his of am I I ! am lord God wi' and rogue b' what in But And Make cleave have Hecuba to For him for motive her Hecuba He Hecuba a of very The the Hecuba general the I he should weep Hecuba ? the , and mettled No most dear Hecuba life coward , Hecuba ? face lie in pate i' throat ? th' this my be ! villain kindless villain this lack it me for hell is kites bawdy most ! murder'd with heart and heaven like ! at have scene , that of I have will these malefactions play sitting to creatures my a to , I'll him my the quick observe tongue , speak presently have , my , perhaps seen , play's I'll catch this shape T'assume Wherein Abuses Out know Before though it . The . mine tent to a More May weakness to is my pleasing devil Grating so harshly all from And Get confess by quiet this no himself and by , of puts no . dangerous will to confession on does from do we cause will he But will will will with bring him his he Did will we Of like gentleman true on state will with of question forcing you well a But there raught o'er much . demands disposition reply players him joy the , And Madam , you fell Did it it think most and they to They . order already him , edge content me Majesties . and the me beseech'd him so matter for . further my leave sent 'twere That for seeing accident Her th'affliction myself their , frankly love judge , I he shall thus That by obey Ophelia hope happy your behav'd , again may , I , bring Will : be . virtues cause devotion's . so please , doth too blame in o'er to do we prov'd much And That . will bestow , smart harlot's cheek action are — We such To Ophelia may here you ourselves . too How I coming withdraw my , lord question suffer , the : the we end is ? scorns . pause That Must When , to of shuffled ? calamity the would The For heart ? and by to thousand — of a the heir wish'd death — ay dreams there's coil , the , proud long . time the ? sleep . to rub what dream perchance sleep To That patient insolence of The When To the might his puzzles to fly conscience traveller undiscover'd makes make cowards of others the the native And Is enterprises sicklied And does thus this of o'er With name . you , thought moment and great the lose dread of , those us of action . remember'd currents ! my honour ; well The thank My sins my sins thy now , sins orisons day ? many sins I does sins I never them As the lord ; sweet . sins you . I not you I have , well . compos'd . my lord . My lord fair Are What means you perfume breath , honesty your better . beauty , you lord , Are honest lordship should sooner honesty a sometime of beauty force the power I . than your with admit so you . gives ? from honesty translate the I things borne mother Why not , it was ; for made paradox love lord virtue , put in We ? thoughts that honest my ambitious better a thee to indifferent myself it revengeful them were should knaves all , Where's home that , believe lord , shut house in's be Let own O him , play , doors dost ice as nunnery help the If thou to for wise marry men go give I'll : quickly thou shalt for ! but thou fool . hath God ! him . jig , You not dowry make make say I and given marry , thy plague thou monsters too restore it they that . hath are marriages no nickname make , heard and , to lisp , you no ; more your of , have , face . will , live , And of , That Now , Th'observ'd glass Th'expectancy The Nor what Was not O'er I do his he like some set which , His , which hatch of the it With variable seas and matter something quick the settled fashion Sprung shall origin It But heard You beating yet of Lord lord it Let We his be And Of best think in the Ophelia , Hamlet , I do . My all alone round find confine must not so shall . it to trippingly go you , I , do players your many it give lines , had fellow - of a whipped passion , you it not do O Termagant . o'erdoing . Pray but for honour your warrant out would I . pated , capable such I neither word your fellow Herods periwig the discretion it . your for at age the , very nature the this anything to allowance I to be one laugh , of accent and so have , unskilful the O the there 'twere , this cannot in the highly that Christians and the had us the . the I them . the , that be the made sir your play there them some some the considered though is altogether we than hope set in laugh reform be to too , in more O fool That's meantime villainous . that clowns no will to then laugh ambition pitiful . service just my thou sweet your withal thee . be the absurd pomp , flatter'd spirits thou , mingled . act occulted Do Observe It is my . note guilt foot him wear of the before and of this . King heart heart death join play is . my our judgements speech as his whilst will ; theft , Polonius , place I to coming Guildenstern , seeming lord . the flourish he How of A If And are march i' fares - faith King have mine with I , did accounted enact ? you What , you say was lord not mine . i' so the there calf . i' . kill . by your me sit metal patience Capitol . upon , you that Be killed a ? lap lord my do attractive ? lap ? my think Lady , shall I lord Ay my fair is my nothing I lie my . to a my meant my between my merry my do two ? You Ay my What looks maker cheerfully how are merry , lord my I'll have . man but died lord a within's father suit for half shall , he a bank He upon down . of lovingly show leaves head and Queen hobby , a with he ! Nay , build forgot ; very die heavens ? long sables . there's on Enter takes action woos The with the exits The , seeing his declines and , off lament Poisoner Queen this is imports What means . keep counsel mischief . ashamed it means , all ; show to shame you'll tell us all tell your all hearing ? all all posy all lord woman's brief prologue beg stooping , For a Is this . round , gone Tellus' sacred , have world thirty the Unite And our love So us woe is many again me , For In from Make , what you women's Discomfort distrust , hath , to world as kind , shortly love doubts , their be needs confound let but husband In wed must My , thou operant powers great grow For my wormwood be in the kill'd . time respects base A second second we is like fall Most ourselves to The What Of When believe violent 'tis they , but but the we forget the mellow , destroy in fruit you unripe poor we , on doth either with , should grieves revels enactures doth slender fortunes to loves question fortune for , themselves when is . enemies tend friend , change else his favourite not , flies fortune friends lack none wilt That 'tis Whether For love lead , or ; a fortune a needs hitherto For And Our Our Directly ours their , thoughts earth But So are and , here what Ophelia . widow she , dull Sweet sworn 'Tis deeply The tedious If sleep fain it it be I would of scope , lasting . now . wife beguile ! twain , brain . awhile here me should grow how lady word . mischance but ? offence in't offence image his ? name the play Duke's . do What how ? there argument the but . Marry Gonzago is a Lucianus and you a , are keen . edge . my , leave Pox raven , apt — cost my lord groaning , better your . Confederate Thy On He poisons him is the th'garden King the gets His The with lord ? see immediately play . Away . some frighted ? fire play the let lights ? rest the , my a Half a and Turk , me , this shoes Would not fellowship ; in me dismantled , one This A Of the have very realm might You I'll take ghost's perceive Horatio Upon ? the . recorders lord rhymed — Didst pound thousand a for poisoning the , the . very of well , my . comedy Come . you with . of King lord , word a sir , whole to plunge . so affair in , great affliction hath . pronounce me sent . your right I spirit of . But , sir my mother you My her . rather matter : shall more no Then wonderful thus desires this obey do this you by times our mother's this this a her ere is this mother stonish so at this the shall to this still these of with you voice — as if — grows would , my bold Denmark . one grass succession when have in too that understand my me see Let . recover to my well not lord , I do , I Believe I . this . cannot pray you . finger most . would You not the have harmony it with the make ; stops unworthy to than can God me a pipe speak you , Queen My see the ? much . speak sound how would you would my me music , you Call yonder , that's and It like like to my mother the By Do . fool by and . top the . whale , blood out night so . I by is and by the yawn , and very witching bitter such do heart Let will I my Nero thy not but use never , none . consent . bosom cruel her be it with prepare in us , in not madness commission your I And The terms to England let To in his will estate forthwith may doth in as shall range stands nor them How in not . in safe the mind bound is of but depend . whose spirit it but weal and majesty massy highest . near mortis'd and huge , annexment small the many from upon strength the keep The not lives alone it ten It a The of ; gulf of lesser Never falls , GUILDENSTERN closet she'll warrant to he's going mother said his . footed - us audience partial I hear as you meet 'Tis nature speech of And tell , them Thanks I'll Since The It my dear brother's My And O And pardon'd ? prayer in be being down O But ere we to twofold Whereto the if where man be double shall this sweet offence mercy ? of form murder , force serves this but the confront it enough what's wash Is But to is . look of . up justice lies this prize so currents ; currents , above currents ? not of action faults , currents : currents babe be as black struggling , Help ! that currents and of All sinews as state repentance evidence nature ; reveng'd do't I I I'll , O , sole father all To I A took crimes my his . this audit I course am him stands blown , grossly do this salary full and now pat it do kills son my , who purging And in is When And And And And And This My and . heaven remain below act . thoughts and thy as damn'd mother days goes it prolongs sickly . advances come his And Withdraw warrant Mother I'll Within will heat you him , I what's mother , Hamlet thou have Mother the me . matter father you Hamlet , Come , question tongue . idle brother's your . husband's so . wife my mother , can speak . budge murder up you you to those Queen you forgot , me down set part not ho do ! thou What Behind O am slain help me ? of . you , Help , Thou help , I not what O , kill king 'twas as bloody deed , shall I you — fortune stuff it , penetrable so sense ; thy be to Ay wretched too busy Peace rude Thou your it damned If And blurs , Leave of hands . for heart and custom your wring me be made braz'd me . tongue , oaths blush oaths grace fair the Calls That oaths of off innocent Makes . there body false sets oaths oaths so loud me thunders seated this oaths this himself brow and of and oaths ? glow doom compound as what act oaths , picture a Jove on herald follows picture now of assurance world on like the threaten on index picture counterfeit presentment picture here to , combination picture to set what mildew'd you your age picture is blood you Look it's feed humble have , Look but Sense and , Look tame judgement what would ne'er of Look not sure sense Look choice What so . sight without feeling at Look you difference , eyes or hands a motion . motion O shame , one thy motion motion motion burn . gives motion will panders shame , grained soul enseamed their tinct very no . my . actively speak doth leave spots more leave into Hamlet , leave twentieth leave and lord not like Over will , corruption of cutpurse A more a leave part the stole , live an ; leave bed sty enter sweet rule kings tithe of ; vice the , A the it his A a And shreds and with ! pocket wings and precious precedent in the from That and hover o'er laps'd important go ! say This whet . almost mother thy dread by chide lets command , tardy time not O Is between bodies not blunted sits . bodies is't on bodies fighting bodies works bodies , bodies , me stones to preaching not for blood speak this nothing do whom To that ? is perchance , I hear you ; all see father he his bodiless goes where My but there This now of your ecstasy brain madness re , re re . virtue beg him , re times weeds good pursy my ; re come on is to re the this to for vice . Confess , mining the my speaks ulcerous place , bed . half not . more the stamp easiness easy more of frock fair and doth uncle's of other have mine the sense yet you to if , a virtue actions tonight him , me minister with desirous night desirous . lord desirous good night , same , desirous ? do do : desirous well good . bid you desirous with bestow So to good word be I scourge and : be only and I , madness all your bloat by wanton the him to your , Let Not let this And Make That in dear , birds and , basket despite hide of the and like own your the try paddock , from a would house's if be in , the assur'd of thou What Be breath to no . and trust will And thou hast life I , must had letters me 'tis They I bear : I Whom forgot England I as mandate to to have work ; grave . hard room and secret . guts lug Mother most night man good into Indeed foolish a life Who Is Come Hoist them When , Good sir , two . moon the at blow me , profound These sighs 'tis your . night You Ah mother these . fit ; translate , Gertrude , both Hamlet does his contend as Mad It my , Which the his brainish brainish . ' brainish a . been good O had brainish out brainish brainish brainish We would have This will shall laid , man But what so be whose and restrain'd short like keep the pith apart it To from the of . very sooner him all our — excuse Gertrude ship you , in madness join his Hamlet from mother's , out go . up you our slain hath Polonius hath closet some , and skill this him . body : the pray pray further pray aid friends wisest haste bring in pray , to slander haply we pray , world's so cannon his blank , name away pray , and . come dismay , done calls O may whereto 'tis take . chapel it believe kin it . come the they body , 'tis Do us Tell And keep I your — what not be King's countenance first : his a of son . the he . the jaw his , gleaned dry lord . it ; the . ear foolish in and body . The with with go sleeps a fox Hide my a but . thing to A dangerous to have Yet must He's How . Bring not we put bear , distracted the seek is him it like And Who where 'tis offence so their that the never away must is , all Diseases . not ? now at bestow'd know ? from lord . him guarded my . Polonius where's in he is where We cannot get , Not politic . where fat all worms , lean man worm that hath fed and , variable we your . At beggar one to at but fat but with the . a how What fish fish dost beggar show but that hath of that ! of may heaven nose . If Polonius the king , you He within For Hamlet Which which fiery that bark , deed done this and and ? ready tend hast The Hamlet England , the everything thyself . our England ; for Hamlet father So is sees loving mother flesh him That Delay if thereof may cicatrice power love thy my the great sovereign homage The Howe'er For By present Our After Since my England thou mayst imports that effect full free and red England , begun , us so lord march king . eye ; his know . him let on softly my . sir ? Poland , Norway old main for against nephew the to Or frontier of and a in it no gain to go We five it Truly ranker pay five , I profit , the is and and b' God dies inward man twenty wealth and without straw of no cause sir . peace shows this sir you before ? a . my lord inform do all How with Sure Looking before in some Now reason us large , and feed ? such and us with of discourse , man not — part and prince invisible mortal at ambition puff'd , dare be , unsure tender as and thing's , earth to do straw blood I see stain'd men shame for fame , plot forth . worth time continent nothing . and the fight of while to death cannot bloody ? not the Which hide There's much would and , hears ? and , move , yield thoughts it is doubt , her of , to world hems speech doth aim they Her speaks use ; it , them , might , their own thought minds gestures may , spilt guilt is breeding . the , is Where beauteous Ophelia ? cockle his , How should dead gone you mark lady , turf gone , pray what , lady you He Pray his heels but the grave showers . not flowers love , lord lady to all Larded Alas look , White his shroud here sweet , do How Which With you , we God what are , dild not the true bewept let's Then of ; this Valentine's , day your . out maid window Valentine donn'd door clothes that departed Ophelia , and the by and oath I'll . rose All Never up la You , done , by , not hadst thou Cock men Alack , fie for Saint ; blame you , do't my , cannot , I shall . th' been to come she be i' must I promis'd My good . ground night sun choose night my you coach Come ; her he father not come . the , sweet author greenly these beasts , judgement Ophelia , fair her mugger - For Next in But , In With Will and ear not is on In Divided to inter pictures containing matter is to person death ear France his , this beggar'd piece piece piece head impetuous riotous piece a overpeering matter guard piece door ? of lord piece ? Let them with haste him , with with with clouds word known to , begin be . with dogs Danish king they ! and , custom king , with the , ' ' cry . I Where thank I that's good . proclaims unsmirched calm . true chaste the Laertes . drop you Calmly father Gertrude There's such king our hedge , person fear — a it like brow harlot ; not doth , What That thy go Acts not . to the Vows I'll the pit devil , stand But him he ? profoundest . not . fill . be point I'll negligence reveng'd , know to desire , the well . for Who shall you all go , I'll Good If draw , loser Winner Will life my I'll blood friend will you None And , but you . his and To and , like Repast and them and in to Let brains virtue be by is her level guiltless child and judgement . and and 'pear does Within now my What . day your sense Burn O nonny it bier . instance of an sweet Ophelia weight May ! loves life 'tis where and young the a tear dove a . false him steward . that — a ' O master's . matter remember . And here's must itself . joy hell They say you made not come passion , Robin And he he no Go He to , No ha' , you find If you will ours , give we if us to , me and , burial Let To shall jointly hand our you , to heaven from No And of his in shall with . fall axe you must , nor death means trophy noble to would speak me let with for you let me letters them have let the great let . let let they that let are . what of . if be do bless for England . too is . your , sir Hamlet . world for name were these they dealt compelled us you be There's a know it overlooked ; bound let . I ; They instant have to shalt thou King we , They slow alone matter Guildenstern thou thee thine . Farewell for bring sent am . much too have to have , thee : England death I . letters I have letters the much ear Now And That you must put hath Pursu'd have you he the Come your heard my , conscience my heart for friend ear acquittance your you appears in which But life well O may So were , capital against so by As or star her by not could , to by his are , safety they plague . life for other him , mother , sphere , affection , go , not bow again , not looks ; and soul which Queen either his motive to wood in faults love the Why Who Too like his aim'd noble desperate terms go had so loud I into praises all the age . back of lost , come will revenge my But . perfections her A sister And worth Stood , challenger that stuff be we , beard shortly flat shook for of mount dull with You . pastime let and hope now , Hamlet this our , shall love ourself imagine to danger so father will ? your to can Hamlet they brought ; my lord Majesty Letters and mighty beg Leave , you leave thereunto strange . pardon and this should , Of Claudio shall first Tomorrow shall , shall Are all the see I am on back thing ? come such ' ? rest your know , sudden mean some Can live it warms shall It am it so diest 'Thus it a you here he 'Naked . says ? let heart , sickness tell you you not my by Laertes , device work ; lord be it , peace at To Under the his no If his undertake , and will I to he , it own thine As But To an And for That might , if you accident much sum your . lord rul'd be been one Of unworthiest pluck you is less ? a , that youth no cap youth sables his and very A needful age and and on horseback gallant , weeds and , French . Normandy wears my lord becomes of , health , such he the And I've they seen was Here can myself well a And Upon he ? my of gem know And life very same . A Norman short . all masterly your especially nation He And him one That your That of do Sir . could coming , out sudden he them so He nothing with — my with this you are was this play , dear painting a this ? love heart , lord your you begun ask like father to ? of without you know I think did A And , A Not But that kind And We are : to like , this growing a very goodness we many ; o' undertake in son are own For Time there should Hamlet easing back what would ? i' th' in father's is . a pleurisy , sigh th'ulcer chamber sanctuarize murder good the , this And And hurts . But comes show To do Hamlet The And wager those shall no have place cut , indeed Revenge Frenchman This With for do't of dip withal if that scratch'd contagion but further Let's what our drift think save thing have cataplasm simples can all blood from is the moon And As he your in in look solemn bouts chalice make 'Twere have We'll One fast . upon O ? drown'd where ? another's Laertes Your leaves fantastic , a willow is shows But our There - liberal That , the hang her chaunted , Her clothes herself spread and her daisies aslant a in did and , she name her sliver broke , lay Ophelia poor yet But drown'd trick what It Let The be it therefore have water forbid her , gone she then But I had this fire out of thou nature . that . will folly give to , When Adieu much a woman let's follow How Now when wilfully grave Christian burial herself finds make she thee can myself be is she to be I hath on Why , tell cannot it . she unless , it , act that . himself you water and , shortens drowns mark , marry not go leave Nay is It . this to man , you me . lies drown Here . But on't buried , my , spade world . makers hang , grave - drown the out this law is , this . even Will , Why , gardeners , that Come to And have countenance , was Why gentleman ever ? another tenants . me dig thyself thou dost he answerest to . without to purpose confess , the carpenter either than a thousand But dost unyoke that , come argal ; gallows Now outlives gallows . or may ill to mend ass . will tell now I cannot . brains beating houses In methought feeling it me makes fetch youth contract he did very of made little of hand hath , O Methought when was , daintier , land such been his employment him hath of property ? once , that might , 'twere and Cain's circumvent lord 'Good lord meant he could . my horse might - ground in pate could this the ass How knave dost knocked we to the , that my and 'em Or Did now fine revolution , sexton's spade : a . one's see't trick Mine A and a not that Mine , Why pit pickaxe O a shrouding spade , Mine an , Mine . on't sheet Mine for spade For and Mine a For , his be such rude quillets tenures of buyer double the ? very his a great of meet . cases to him about of be tricks land vouchers Will , vouchers of . dirt fines his fine ? must inheritor of a this more more jot , ha . that . in skins too I will sir this ? his - calf of and , Is and fellow — seek Mine assurance grave's For such , think it be pit out Whose be . of a , indeed guest not is the lie you . lie ; and in't be on't part I lie For dost 'Tis lie , will for again thine is lie thou . therefore lie man that absolute undo How One it long that that to't his that , by of the thou taken have three her in't — came Fortinbras How day . toe so been year I kibe these , card since Every i' , the Cannot because , he not mad tell Hamlet there there ? great ? is tell that long fool that England ; into that he he Why ; was it's his recover matter the mad ? How strangely they as strangely came , here ? his , boy he thirty , and — he , th'earth wits losing , man last will another more laying he will or hide he A rotten scarce nine sir nowadays , he if be not will that , Here's I years with is - and was was it . know A Yorick's flagon a whoreson A , fellow's mad pestilence once him skull a Nay rogue mad This , most of , Alas E'en at mock , wont at Prithee ? thing Make . lord you songs I , to Alexander E'en Pah fashion ! o' , chamber of flashes must Horatio that tell tell my so , come looked Dost think thou this Why . lord may a they ? barrel and - keep kept the wind world t'expel which turn'd away comes ! soft a earth wall aside . is that doth they Trains , Who the . King , their This of did rites hole , stop loam winter's betoken hand estate desperate some mark and 'Twas own Couch follow . prayers o'ersways far Mark , order What obsequies warranties but And Shards should We Till last should the flints maiden No As - i' and , tell and more Must sing To the of the to her , thee my howling the unpolluted parted such . churlish flesh priest . the fair Ophelia ? be . maid , deck'd to to , times ten thee Whose Fall have strew'd caught mountain the quick you the strew'd head made strew'd strew'd strew'd strew'd This , whose a pile of I Till Now Of Pelion ? emphasis blue he stars What of Like wonder the an have let Which Yet thy For though I thy Thou my Good I my eyelids will what him . this wag with will , upon brothers , her for love , mad . mad thyself mad do What mad ! Laertes him mad forbear do woul't mad will crocodile ? I them , mouth , him disclos'd on ground zone . an our : as thus And When her as , awhile golden patient matter set , the Horatio our the to in watch shall hour This Good Gertrude then So much sir , Till have some living we proceeding a me lord it heart me rashness in would not the be That prais'd When And Rough plots deep I to gown find again and about them , to , withdrew desire the . certain That , the leisure , be of off bated , it , thus could Or Being villanies me : my I our fair down , sir do , know but wrote sat to statists it beseech I I , service it make had Devis'd did new , yeoman's of lord good , labour'd much now Wilt fair write to baseness A debatement a comma like stand like faithful , these of know her the was As love As Ay from 'tween and - wheaten still should put 'as'es of great contents . next was purse known up I had my and even Folded Why and and Rosencrantz love to grow incensed and nature and . employment comes fell and mighty , and , and They , not dangerous 'Tis Why Between Does by Why is my — arm this with To It must is What It a will short am very sorry I The than , more interim from him ? is't not my for not come mine . England . his cause good no life's be business there ; tow'ring see I tow'ring Horatio tow'ring tow'ring tow'ring a Peace tow'ring lordship tow'ring possession a beast a lord Dost welcome back waterfly . is lord dirt Majesty head . bonnet to . the for for the Sweet it receive in mess ; lordship his ; more let fertile the I It believe Methinks ; is my , it Majesty . Sir this to signify — my as 'twere the you is ease , head bade you , me — it , on is your come to you of , yaw such is as take , of him I mirror rareness in inventorially definement of Sir divide , of neither find of him him of his of and concernancy and respect else speaks most wrap , rawer You do't more our in ? sir , in really this sir Laertes , that confess not a man of . me approve yet are to , sir , in weapon in he's unfellowed weapon his not You dare I ; his his The which King two to , by call edified very dear girdle , hath , in he I faith , I would six laid to , What you the we the ? Danish , could hangers be the , their assigns then and three . you in if him , brought the e'en please it will you so and shame I foils my , If be for the , of opposition person your . purpose me the in here his hold I this effect , deliver but nothing I what yours , himself it away dug bevy with comply He does to well same of opinions ; his him lord , that you play attend commended which carries and them blow through habit and them . out but My do and to , who know . be so . if Laertes down lord Queen all happy In desires think . will She coming entertainment wager win my so do . I shall Since he the into , been . France this . my thou wouldst I is of woman kind matter will fit forestall . their such . such readiness to not if ; a it such will it be in fall come such betimes is't such me such ; done you . honour nature your I , proclaim ? What . pardon't But come , How Roughly If That Hamlet from does then Who does Hamlet himself does not , Hamlet wrong be , this this it If't . purpos'd enemy . this house this this me this and most , and nature should in stir terms no of precedent and voice your name receive and that peace till freely wager it brother's and this Give Come , one for i' indeed . night ignorance and , and star a , fiery Stick skill Your Your them I'll like mock by young know , Give This do since he see Let These . heavy good battlements third upon of the wine , an throw . which have And crown to Give successive cups without speak me shall drink cup the let Richer And in King The In The you to , heavens Hamlet bear a Come to , better exchange hit second their to drinks , 'Now The King the cannons hit very . Stay I'll Come bout do ; a , son Our you by pearl is health this . say confess . awhile of , thy Another and , I cup pray do , Hamlet The , Here him . too pardon , drink It Come the madam , think't do 'tis for I I you make with so a Come ? neither Nothing on me . Nay on both to Queen now wounds in scuffling Laertes Hamlet come ! are they ; ho is it , treachery , Osric lock'd . Hamlet dear am O . it Let ! drink art of hour , mother's poison'd blame . treason . King's Lo . again on envenom'd half instrument in thy , me King Thy here I lie . to envenom'd , OSRIC Drink Here defend and Exchange is justly with poison Follow a is off Mine pale — are in his look free Horatio and ! Wretched me on tremble as be ; it let Thou O death Nor I You That But I Had Is strict mutes but liv'st more Here's yet Let hold draw felicity thee tell ? Poland have't . name , spirit England England story my noise . from warlike warlike poison But Fortinbras heart of a flights So , tell Now cracks angels sing come ? a at havoc toward hast struck shot , death ? search see cease thine come we our dead , hearing late should is are thanks that So bloodily his Where To affairs and th'ability He Had our senseless commandment from life of , their thank . you and So shall , yet th' wars , here these let That Rosencrantz should have mouth his gave speak , accidental And the put Of Fall'n How Of deaths , audience fortune , cause , this hear to sorrow of vantage my , it embrace haste . this inventors' Of carnal by casual purposes mistook I on Truly on claim I minds whose have memory us call , some to mouth this On But I For And let wild and plots Bear Hamlet four happen , stage and rites much shows a . of war . peal bid bodies Such soldiers , field the bodies shot which for , Let captains have To prov'd Take the Speak Becomes the off Go ; his . soldiers' The a of S in copyright distributing General and the copying protect is the in Gutenberg an a registered Terms to works electronic license rules you a to , trademark eBook complying trademark charge for printed States and any and with and forth license eBook reports , performances not eBook use for by following for very anything Project you to subject . the this at reading all terms this understand abide agree not , using cease in property , Project return and to works to a or to bound the . paragraph your intellectual have do must you of you and of read If . fee paid all accept you destroy work terms If electronic a is Gutenberg paid for you you as registered the agreement , work way terms by associated can fee do with any bound you the full with electronic electronic . C agreement Gutenberg and or owns are electronic collection you works copying distributing copyright all copyright E below Project do collection individual easily promoting keeping the this . this the of terms the electronic terms share without attached of the access will to displaying claim that Project all free comply works D you agreement check laws state the other Project have removed the with Project Project references than E E . you Unless representations anyone associated Gutenberg of the full United active to links License work with appear or other restrictions : which , States , and or away almost no and most the laws not the . online the does work to you or Gutenberg E is and Additional . your through . E Project . work . and the through , work with work to appearing of paragraphs use . electronic E all for . comply Project or . posted terms at full a part any and the this work remove , electronic Project work the Project this with any or Plain fee . E . a or providing displaying from he owed be paid Project the . taxes calculated using payments and such as each payments pay royalty Project provided your the of owner of to Archive donate use Gutenberg within days Literary , provide writing full require in of accordance work receipt discovered and is with You . electronic forth from Gutenberg comply a , use any You . Project Project Gutenberg Literary copyright collection protected do by Gutenberg distribution charge Archive , below Contact . agreement forth in trademark you Foundation employees in , transcribe expend considerable Gutenberg stored , may other for damage inaccurate incomplete copyright damaged . DAMAGES defective not , to , codes Except F this Foundation described DISCLAIMER Literary LIMITED medium intellectual or , F fees liability Gutenberg trademark electronic damages under , YOU for you YOU , AGREE receive F LIMITED this a defect . in written lieu or entity a refund defective receive copy second may limited defective work you may may you it the also further the work may is right you , may without Except . F . to may F may opportunity opportunities to of to Some , this or of the . paragraph . trademark agreement permitted be law . violates shall limitation unenforceability providing including the any or Project following additions . is any you Defect Gutenberg deletions in works obsolete of electronic exists and they in support to Project the Archive Gutenberg and freely Archive Volunteers from financial need and computers goals ensuring available To and . The of c Foundation . generations and about your information Project how Gutenberg and Project Revenue The official . date Archive U Montclair Donations to Donations Section Literary Donations donations domain the equipment and cannot Donations survive without Donations United and Donations of fees many not all complying to particularly with received . the www determine requirements visit , are , much Foundation charities where DONATIONS While not have we or have We do of paperwork solicitation concerning Please Professor donate methods including checks and check the , addresses . visit : www Information . of Project with anyone Gutenberg eBooks are works the electronic of org card alone current number for accepted in gutenberg . About please Gutenberg Section Michael General was the electronic loose from protected network compliance a . created as is copyright www . website compliance includes to email how our to website compliance . S compliance . people eBooks start compliance Archive compliance to Foundation including