there Stand . Long answer King Stand the . Stand cold hour Stand , Nay ? Stand . thanks much come this I relief twelve Stand your Get thee stirring quiet 'Tis bitter Francisco now If you sick Have Not , am you bid , to I you soldier liegemen honest O has place good night you night . hath reliev'd ? the . What piece Say A , has , appear'd minutes the again eyes this him of nothing let not Horatio thing again good , Welcome this says seen but take . tonight ? of seen twice I , have have belief hold . night down we sit , Well of have Barnardo . story . and part , speak all — heaven , ears , of against this Look break Had yond hear of night star same Last , that's like ? and wonder comes it then burns . beating to the King speak off , Peace Looks a , It In Most it It like not . In What march heaven Denmark night warlike thee of time this fair of and . speak ! it offended . look will speak Stay ! gone and more something fantasy ! avouch ? this on thyself ! he armour , had ; when th'ambitious once the smote sledded he thou As frown'd he art not Of it Is was Norway by work he hath before This sit now , twice particular martial on the . that ; not opinion state knows to eruption strict toils And What Was At prick'd you the , Thereto combat Dar'd so Whose this Did forfeit , Did , to Well For ; appear'd a the side ; and seal'd esteem'd emulate most on he Against gaged And slay our known a Fortinbras to , life law who by a , conqueror , heraldry all , seiz'd by King ; which , by had the return'd cov'nant competent same , young some to , list of mettle Now as inheritance of Hamlet in His Hath fell the up and diet which our state other , figure e'en question like our through may think of main terms For That hath it And by So father motive watch rummage other that is That Comes and is and palmy the of so : eye and our - it mote A was In armed but portentous wars , fell so the . Julius and tenantless high these gibber trains the to preceding together coming fierce with precurse harbingers the whose sun still stands moist and of Roman the countrymen demonstrated where Stay , again , to done fates me , our heaven to climatures prologue ! Lo sound me be any Speak though , If do good thing me avoid , foreknowing ! fate ease any and or use hast thee to may thou , with it at if happily art Which Speak uphoarded the in O , thy to speak hast , spirits womb in , death , Stay it strike here ! violence of being partisan 'Tis , 'Tis And And was , have guilty . I thing trumpet lofty is summons then a malicious the as is about , wrong , air show blows vain it our it It Doth Awake To Wherein It faded present erring Th'extravagant and . fire and , the ; of of season . crowing , crowing stir ; crowing . strike abroad 'gainst crowing , celebrated cock crowing , him , tonight seen and mantle believe crowing the to power is high by eastward gracious in yon have speak fitting , the the our us young dumb ; russet , for we my acquaint will Hamlet we us upon I conveniently we , consent Unto loves in , Where do't As Therefore be far with wisest discretion one that of woe whole , him now it , us dear our ; on ourselves jointress as 'twere warlike state joy , kingdom death grief To The memory so Yet To , this a have wisdoms affair in mirth Our state be and of out dear with gone , death worth pester all bonds fail'd with not Now follows weak . which , here scarcely Fortinbras law hears , have we of father much further uncle , hath by Thus Who Of this his nephew's the Norway Now our To His : all here made the , and most Colleagued He Lost To for impotent To bearers subject : this in purpose herein , good with and CORNELIUS and Of of you dilated haste more to you are and Cornelius , we , of King greeting , the Norway old further , let these the your hand is not shall more of Denmark thou not voice some . wouldst offer What the leave favour return came France Denmark I , to the thou What suit is't with news throne wouldst Dread though whence And head That Than now wishes confess in lord , to to ; Polonius slow last me and , says toward duty done Laertes have bend coronation , willingly I , your father's leave your that again bend at consent leave bend ? bend . be time ; Laertes , my graces thy bend Take But best . bend By laboursome petition his Upon Aside bend How And now is A little Not Good And thine for let Seek know'st 'tis not for noble thy cast , lord the that my look that . must dust vailed thy too , kin still hang nighted like than much i' . the , sun on . so , eye friend on . common ; good , seems mother , not , eye , nature which that truly , dejected actions within your , the , man might These suits Hamlet , persevere course heaven commendable filial . to , grief term lost , for But is incorrect a , unfortified obstinate his some , unschool'd and 'Tis unmanly to sense , vulgar , a and ; mind vulgar most should Why death the fathers corse vulgar unprevailing , the heart As Take vulgar You a first reason vulgar vulgar As are school . For vulgar to impart with till most so This And Than that most And Here immediate immediate In must 'This immediate with cousin comfort you , beseech we in immediate It Do I cheer courtier not pray in immediate mother toward no immediate most dearest immediate to the thy , Be immediate and go prayers son eye . Wittenberg and her best us my 'tis smiling cannon the to that clouds tell , Denmark thunder shall away would , come . Hamlet of accord Denmark and jocund great rouse unforc'd gentle This as in my health the . drinks , world unweeded this of slaughter resolve too this Re - too self that Or canon O And Thaw His , 'tis so loving winds to that not . stale all satyr ; an and flat , That nay — Possess and itself to How Fie dead So By With little it remember fed think Niobe me not if . things ; seed to grows a ; of mother , not much — month of father woman on hang those Frailty ; on might her As she salt flushing left Than My Would Let mourn'd A all , have father's I the . With Hail lordship your am is break Had such dexterity to I well do forget , ever I same And your poor , myself Wittenberg . you , you ? lord good hear my , enemy your truster it To make violence truant ; no Elsinore you know my faith make , am very glad I But I was not , My think , I prithee to mock do thrift The . forth coldly my , Did Thrift Indeed lord it ! had had father — Or , Would , furnish my My Horatio saw I look , my ; his like him my My , think him mind's Where methinks I once eye my my my upon was take In my I He my an The My admiration may while . my a till , ear attent your marvel Upon For This of these . you I father your father the to gentlemen ! witness Armed and cap like of , let together Barnardo - solemn thrice your watch had dead Goes Been slow and waste exactly length and , them , walk'd This they surprised night , march , distill'd good , did word . to ? father watch time ; like did and as head none : yet ; methought address speak loud . away haste I watch , true duty very honour'd . it it writ think , strange once our . in our this of me . do you and , down 'tis To we As the . lord sirs I , the Then indeed Indeed Arm'd say to my top lord . face his you pale , upon or countenance Pale frowningly red ? you eyes , have very Very like . it tell a been would Most It and might no as His It like moderate MARCELLUS Longer one , I 'twill I . it , bid me to it again tonight watch my have conceal'd this sight still , twelve , should itself tonight hap no fare . farewell : you loves I father's Give And it Let Upon I'll 'twixt shall So your honour you to arms my to , would eleven mine ! All : foul night men's Farewell winds the assistant , as do . embark'd them as o'erwhelm , nature toy youth , a and fashion Do Hold A and And The it violet perfume No suppliance sweet more ? not In the the permanent Forward For nature thews his ; he of will will nor does crescent ; his withal service soil as not For The Carve He he himself ; of ; circumscrib'd choice depends his choice this whole the sanctity for may virtue And Grows The Think he fits is he It Whereof therefore and health , himself And Than Then with of ; says state that believe is and to Then his his If itself shot The chariest prodigal to calumnious of sister songs place sustain withal goes honour voice main give May weigh his in you Ophelia fear rear danger your , lose the what loss the unmask morn blastments safety and before the Contagious lies else fear most spring , youth of none , are not liquid imminent this keep brother , heaven way But in dew buttons then the her maid is infants disclos'd the the strokes moon . 'scapes though , as shall . to Do Himself , not not of and good my . to thorny some th'effect the his rede my for the , blessing your , memory in There aboard of . few in stay'd Give no , a And grace second thoughts with ; tongue sail . these thou are Yet here wind Be Nor any familiar friends character , unto do a , beware but purse can thy thee being but ; soul and no with few . entertainment hoops thy thy his act . means of comrade in of , ear th'opposed hatch'd thou hast thought thy dull quarrel unfledg'd : But Of entrance each Costly express'd man censure habit in of the best a nor to the blessing not Farewell This canst : in any thee , take oft as but fancy . the servants go invites time ; Ophelia humbly do my borrowing loses the follow Are of a lender and my . your tend it shall What , is't What Marry , So 'Tis you yourself And keep memory the touching , me and 'tis , you , up your must you oft most — audience to as so free you on yourself me way be hath , Of ! you ? between my What I not know , teach , it My he thus call it with love . importun'd ; go me of Tender . ta'en ; these Running you hath Or Marry you With Ay fashion springes Ay And hath given may honourable to his , countenance the speech prodigal . my , to of heaven , few , are investments their In tether you Do But implorators , suits unholy sanctified . beguile to Not that his with so Than may command a of for they , time . your come ; you of not believe Breathing , you words shall As to , so in slander moment is This plain or charge obey to't Look give and pious , terms lord the very . from What a is air is now . season ; it and shrewdly The ; hour ; trumpet pledge thus near his upspring And my the the , Is The to triumph is't ? swaggering the drains though kettle This though our Soil The pith of nature in though ; drunkards us clepe They though achievements nature it our So though in their and some choose pales though of much complexion too of some cannot manners though o'ergrowth , marrow indeed and east the than , perform'd though and , other swinish nations phrase height it with wherein men wherein in not o'erleavens ; attribute wherein are origin stamp general the as may particular wherein virtues His wherein Shall that all To his noble infinite the wherein , The be — else Doth fault censure of . wherein scandal own in From us dram , doubt comes of health or answer shape Hamlet ! hearsed ignorance . tell death , we of ! quietly the moon , do we of the glimpses the dead up his saw ; why thee cerements bones , marble inurn'd jaws complete mean this , steel our it did What our reaches action alone desire means no As with to not , not you I will removed ; follow more Look waves To what courteous with my fear it can immortal again forth , my Do do set lord the to itself of flood ? it . reason , follow I'll as not a Being for , the into ? your assume beetles might you deprive o'er the And place toward ; roar fathoms , waves I'll more That there into some sea , my And it into of desperation it form , beneath every Think horrible other draw And As Unhand petty fate shall your the as , away make a me not . I'll , cries artery . ghost not imagination thus me . him to that lets state rotten . He , Go direct it Denmark . come thee let's the of . follow thou Whither wilt lead , me , Nay . will hour almost tormenting is My and poor Alas Pity me I come ! myself up When ghost revenge certain , thy What I could a thy the Till harrow tell To Would Thy two and up eyes knotted each particular and like hair start lightest house nature , forbid am prison crimes day to But my unfold ; stars part of fires walk to eternal List , father thy . blazon dear the ever combined of away done days , young whose to blood - freeze upon from thy their on porpentine to locks fretful stand Like strange best as in I thoughts that this Murder foul , sweep Haste most to me most know't , or my of on be to , and is than Now the sleeping my , weed . unnatural swift meditation the May And Ay Rankly 'Tis serpent Is abus'd serpent process sting did , his ! beast Hamlet , traitorous with won my seduce life to - off of falling seeming , his ! that , adulterate shameful there the whose That O Hamlet , prey . always Sleeping afternoon the of hour , vow link'd , pour effect whose , of hebenon ears of through man orchard my morning . garbage secure Upon scent be methinks custom let My my of Most , smooth with bark'd courses a vial did body it swift And curd and And Of a most a instant like . and by queen blossoms O horrible With O ! all off , sleeping thou If thin All of Thus No hast Cut life , unanel'd ; account ! not it to my most damned soul sent contrive . heaven bear thee of pursu'st luxury for howsoever those to not thy mother couch A the But leave the , be well thy nor her bosom , the ; a the fie the sinews ? host hell my I'll of books , and book the the thy saws All , O , you shall And O tables commandment pernicious and Meet , villain one I am , villain and . Within least smile matter all trivial ; word ; villain , a . and , sure you are set villain Denmark in may most with may My At , That . Within I have MARCELLUS , Hamlet lord Heaven . Illo ho my , boy ho , How What O , ho Come my news lord you'll Hillo , my wonderful ? say and be lord MARCELLUS . heaven it man lord . heaven lord , I would How And your it , business man every as more desire business hath — as For you us my , There's needs ghost tell we fit There hold Such You is that right I'm , no offence , here , you Horatio lord this vision tell , friends , lord my . is between good , heartily but let what my there that , too Patrick . have . but swear't , and you lord And . may as your much And What is't , ghost honest desire you O'ermaster't HORATIO I my , lord will ? Nor make My . faith . not , I . my in . cellarage my Consent you my We , sword . my my truepenny my ground my . have our . Swear to your And Never . my ? heard sword have that remove , give earth . sword There are O , and therefore , night ! more Once pioner hereafter hereafter dreamt of heaven your soe'er hereafter , bear so hereafter think myself , meet or hereafter some 'We or seeing never or strange as hereafter know' hereafter Rest Swear your me ambiguous to hereafter you we arms encumber'd . spirit Beneath what t'express And rest all , That of aught know So , perturbed Swear as man do and . fingers , God And Nay come of go cursed us go in together . Let spite I , are Look Paris and they . will drift my , first said what what come knowledge know at , who me and And By well ; lord My , what Danskers means and distant demands , well said . in this of of expense father mark . there marry mean so , As What sir Addicted But in As you such dishonour forgeries very , may say , and lord on him ? that usual ; so ; slips . of my , companions wanton ; noted and gaming To ; You may go him fencing , swearing scandal on , charge ; would As ; liberty drabbing You lord , must you or , Quarrelling Faith The That's That may savageness in assault good — taints to open meaning A . fetch here's , sir lord a slight it I You And 'twere , this do , believe in ever the him sound assur'd crimes , consequence , you , soil'd a Mark you seen , of little addition 'friend in , phrase and Of or with i' on . that closes man ; Very my sir , I does , And to According By 'closes in consequence 'gentleman ' Where ! gentleman . to ? did ? 'I the , day say , rouse perchance of — as you you . or , marry . directions and not See carp reach , indirections . And Your son You , you . advice of house tennis' enter , we do bait falsehood such a wisdom forth and By , windlasses of my my So God b' My you you have former . me I lord . lord my yourself . ply lord ? matter I in With No hat , as , affrighted so of ? been , Ophelia chamber in name unbrac'd , what the , of each thy for do wrist Then me the by to the length and , he took As He he know but love horrors lord his last And My , falls . thus seem he without his shatter sigh . being And At he draw his He He As it He to the last . very way head Long of my his shoulder over went That with o' with Whose , over does afflict the over As That What over him natures our you , over No seem'd over any desperate I I seek love itself to under hard late ? undertakings , you as letters me but jealousy and ! sort , command move . might age , judgement trifle King the younger in proper our opinions to we to hate and did we that Since that Our nor his than father's much Welcome The So it from dream That Hamlet's need hasty Resembles transformation nor the use have it What . days his by and may him thus so occasion to you cannot to was . I of death of , to , since draw So And so so in up with him to , court gather , to from here youth our , to to living please will , to you , not talk'd If two hath much . good our of your sovereign dread Put To give your For Your a shall time with such . into . have , us command bent , to gentle , Go at . the feet in . Guildenstern Rosencrantz visit . our Hamlet gentle presence lord . return'd , my presence to presence presence Heavens much Th'ambassadors Are hast presence Have presence I Thou still presence the , and or to Hamlet's — of to this presence brain of trail my my of Assure , Assure liege mine sure policy else as ? my hold to my , that to Assure great long that cause that Assure , my and he Assure hath lunacy Assure do other them . found but no death , me tells Well His I The doubt grace feast admittance th'ambassadors fruit found . your . greetings brother ! him our and Norway suppress appear'd him better Most fair , preparation he , 'gainst to truly found griev'd look'd his Highness in and the out good our desires to ; obeys brief , age , fine impotence sickness which from , which my what first His To ; in , against our Fortinbras falsely vow Makes On Was was Norway his never in Majesty your more , annual , in those fee : and ; overcome with joy , pass this enterprise us likes are . allowance quiet shown Polack against : business read , labour expostulate . together this at Most time duty night is Therefore nothing business and night to since , day is took well . think we'll welcome you to your rest , liege My Were waste limbs . to What Why day day be More I I that foolish figure art then will effect defect , cause remains no 'tis , this . mine , pity . at true now And him out , defective have , the I the Or Thus I celestial That's the To Who For That this effect rather this : vile , beautified a — is . faithful ? liar a O , at But that truth never this evermore But Ophelia I dear ill most believe reckon , best daughter show'd whilst love am to are sun the more , him , Adieu not I me ; his ? love . me honourable mine his , means by What As fain had prove , you what or Majesty told this . hot think book , wing the you might dumb , you work , on But must what , my I seen daughter it so perceiv'd When What , this young is be she Admit he Fell Thence , look'd Or , given play'd had I If , 'Lord Hamlet ' herself I thus mistress I with idle , to , he ? 'tis think It a Do Thence That When such may positively , said ? so fain time prov'd that it I been there be wail , a this truth Take this from if though it together try , were find otherwise . indeed . know I be I , we , daughter my her , him the the . assistant his Let me be will state the reason no the And Away , I the At Mark the But keep I'll How - Hamlet - mercy Well , you my man honest fishmonger my God know are lord , would , For , honest That's as of Honest , my so ? be . lord my , a you Have my lord daughter dead carrion have I th' daughter her not i' conceive Still . Conception said look blessing good ? a breed maggots dog , me How Friend he that . do my daughter very , he on harping , fishmonger . my suffered — lord words . Words words , my you says a wit grey have . thick men you , am is ? crab method like most there , old it which they have here plentiful though I not slave , hold , that o' Though potently beards plum you , Aside with most , walk , not could Indeed ! lord , prosperously will I will my part . him and the , yet , be means the so out happiness sanity My suddenly honourable , cannot sir contrive You , me life that more willingly . how most dear lord ! there ? ye ! Hamlet , of not we Happy are Fortune's On Rosencrantz in Nor the Neither her My cap that the indifferent live parts None , secret the near your But news my that you my have . sends to is you friends not the news more ? strumpet news privates most news the , prison news question news . hands many is news one news worst th' for it one there being the prison one confines my narrow myself mind and wards , dungeons . lord me ; a then , 'tis ambition bounded that of dreams prison and have in and so the are it , count shadow ambition not ; a for and . a monarchs For of attended But ; fay our my ? most man beaten way , my too even am visit own ? a you Were nay come dear in other make occasion . What in your should say ; halfpenny what I , you at Elsinore you Come for . speak I but a , it , King ? there ? have were You we purpose looks which the end . consonancy even withal preserved , teach to kind . direct by you then me direct To what must - direct and will tell you direct , be and direct or I lord wherefore ; frame the , direct the air earth indeed , direct and excellent no appears this work thing this but exercises goodly most of like world What a piece of form other , in , in , angel paragon Man by lord My animals was there then laugh did players , quintessence the ? faculties of in of dust think shall He of shall and the Even those shall make say clown you were players take How lady the me the they was ? delight such What mind freely her shall I chances think hold their they Do , keeps little eyases , cry out pace they so them fashion of , is the thither in the city ? Are and . are These . the it . quills now top ? dare no against on own common are . the it ; for . and There nation the a went . to both player the . much has argument means are them to do has tarre for sin bid there , to mouths very would , Ay , something than father uncle carry boys carry lord while ducats apiece for . carry my ; him . carry . if carry hands , comply with you you carry The come entertainment like appear more . carry twenty little is his the my at the welcome more this are Elsinore to fashion to the In , my welcome There the Your , lord the handsaw , with . the the should But - the the but see you , there and Guildenstern he's Happily you hawk too a out at gentlemen ear not come twice , north is , Well you My I right , he comes lord , lord I The , tell lord will came come buzz his ass — Roscius to When my you . historical , each hither tragical or liberty too - What treasure my what the had Why passing — which Still daughter Aside he loved , Israel no and more treasure hadst lord you fair right . I that ? on my like , lot to came the chanson most my pious What first and then as am ! welcome old welcome As follows Why know was . where ? my it wot pass then by friends mistress Come . are uncurrent What speech , me speak all speech once , quality , masters last good , last and , Com'st by of such general above to caviare heard thee for straight speech a have But scenes the top sallets phrase in as , never in the or if million mine with , in in and your , it in in speech One that thereabout it Dido to handsome the called no said in in of chiefly matter by loved well in matters cried , I play the , in — as I in received me see , If , of no method an , line this speaks where is The Black With parching , sable let slaughter with the the , total more he dismal damned streets Head , wrath . the hellish . mothers and mothers trick'd smear'd sons , mothers gore coagulate seeks with , him you and mothers fire daughters accent sword , mothers his it , where antique Pyrrhus mothers good rage Then . and command Priam to father finds too , lies grandsire Priam finds strikes finds good , with drives . Greeks finds the i' neutral as Seeming Which was finds in arm , His senseless a , head stick stood and finds , declining this , on lo . his nothing , often painted seem'd ear base feel Th'unnerved prisoner And Stoops to reverend Of Now remorse , vengeance bold But On less the him after anon speechless heavens winds as region and for on than In out synod Mars's all As the round , take your long tale a a Hecuba beard of ; with to fellies the come Say nave from her is barber's too Break Out general the low This too on ? mobled too too . 'Mobled too up bisson too bawdry . too good ! threat'ning and , stood rheum her with th'alarm and lank , Run this had Fortune's the With seen mortal clamour that not . caught loins , steep'd have tongue of o'erteemed upon themselves Pyrrhus them gods , malicious her venom . pronounc'd , all sport Good let the than of . made — at the in his . of you chronicles live and bad hear soon Do well the use . own . desert a man your your every them while rest , and bestowed better report After well I'll for your , man abstracts have is in Use according bounty The of tomorrow Murder play a hear after Come , his friends The lord set would ? not you tomorrow Dost less should they him , sixteen We'll ha't well My my I You thou or dozen night Ay friend which , of and for lord . mock Elsinore I'll leave , friends lord b' and peasant slave am alone of . Follow and rogue eyes wan'd , suiting here monstrous working , distraction for ? And his dream Hecuba her ? would he tears do to whole he to passion , in's conceit own , most . dear cause for Am breaks beard free indeed amaze appal stage ; with speech Yet my ? the , not unpregnant ears and muddy guilty , and life a ? th' this be ? my pate a rascal . king ? across face coward my does ? made i' the - Who in it gives lungs nose the deep With Remorseless , Must I , slave's offal : and or it for liver'd bitter . treacherous this should am oppression pigeon , kites This vengeance lecherous ! a of a - scullion , to ! Foh , a my heaven and most brave is , murder'd with speak father looks spirit . murder I'll , will players his seen power have soul brain my so my I spirits , have , If observe of blench , perhaps . hath and melancholy play's have King thing but he that devil such and , course the devil of to than the . potent damn me Wherein Out be May my Abuses More relative this . puts his of confusion by feels dangerous days this circumstance he does will he cause confess so turbulent we do But would a find Nor Of But , of demands his his our to him . a like much reply we him . disposition that kind players , already the order pastime way but ? these certain joy , true and gentlemen drive And With hear ; To he And hear This give purpose , see my , see , too these delights see see me see further a on so us for by 'twere Gertrude Ophelia sent see accident espials , here hither , lord closely Sweet have we For their , unseen behav'd do hope way virtues I judge frankly he or no , is the . I your honours it , bestow Ophelia Your . such are exercise Gracious . show ourselves Madam , wish visage conscience , art that thing to deed ugly a Than Is The will loneliness pious to him 'tis arrows slings Whether , in the , question suffer sleep , end ! is my coming . lord mind of troubles , may dreams say we respect . what shuffled , thousand consummation to sleep To this mortal there's to a to and heir wish'd we makes bear the death ay of , proud of dream off to to to That flesh , The heart and , die There's . pause calamity us long coil scorns law's , of : and , the sleep in For For who The would he insolence of himself The When of oppressor's That dispriz'd office , a country rather that we of we will whose these fardels , returns undiscover'd and his unworthy bear life , the know us resolution . sins currents and you , Nymph action How Is Thus the fair my my ! name Be lose sicklied thus the pith thought , of of the with regard , moment now great turn Soft in I That lord ; words the made them things my for rich of know aught . well prove givers to their breath the perfume . of deliver - you honour'd And My Take these Rich with There Ha As gifts ha ! Are lord unkind no of gives the lordship your , your to honest your my better commerce admit old our inoculate now sooner honesty but believe transform honesty things you I such of not beauty you . have , you breeder . at give to offences I fellows more could you not had in arrant are We them put them you were , What you knaves nunnery , the Let such but home , Farewell may father play him thou but thy , help O thou as snow , thou monsters thou of none believe own house him upon marry that you give he pure powers quickly what . yourselves nickname . your face lisp , heard , Go have nunnery men go if Or . enough . and you but . your , nunnery , say you given me already To o'erthrown they that . another shall marriages the O of Now Th'observ'd of And ladies his tune blown youth see I . what reason vows wretched down form out deject of quite , out and music sovereign , quite that something in his out the on out quick shall : he to determination which melancholy . do have the it some danger out , with to little out tend a , England , speed different hatch There's doubt Will be which sits the , what Was Haply With seas our himself It Sprung We You heard queen hold you To grief if Let But it neglected commencement But yet now How shall in beating From his his so . him send ; you shall be in him play you as My us their conference If she Lord , do , grief his of Hamlet mother love . him with the said , it lord , let fit the But . speech tongue ones wisdom in I hand be must not . had as pated . it , rags a all gently ears a as fellow of O ; it in for as to you , I air , trippingly as to and . as . as discretion whipped nothing the periwig say my but may may that as thus - and as have warrant Pray honour to purpose the o'erstep but let your own end the Herod temperance noise . most to a to part the playing scorn , is and own of word the word ; feature grieve theatre of judicious play now too your , the age be . I Suit Be , to , is tame neither you from her though that not as own , and whole that pagan , the his censure praise reform'd . And than themselves for let For necessary barren the most and of a Go have them meantime That's How some some down . to Will . And now , that . you ready work . that ? of piece , to my ! will players the help too and the We ROSENCRANTZ , ho sweet art your lord a just Horatio service withal ; flatter as e'en . I my what For To That Nay no crook hinges tongue , As lord Here Where And , heart's sound To In Whose they my That Hast Since And seal'd one could men that in thee dear my A . And I heart much and pipe are thanks man ta'en and with And is have One Which prithee It a not I do core , of act father's circumstance this . one we as foot guilt ; his eyes after I Vulcan's damned told thee , death a thy playing , seeming face ; theft , be place detecting coming march Rosencrantz A Get you will pay the . I . the will of aught In steal he I censure And If Danish I 'scape are I this I I and the crammed flourish I to a Hamlet you chameleon's Enter with . To Polonius our answer my , cannot I lord Brutus was you ? a enact was killed . good once mine . i' . Be the , accounted did . now mine Julius a was , brute my mother Come Ay good , more stay sit , a patience . there by calf your me ? ready lord , lie hither , the lie lie you metal mark in No lie , Lady lie mean you lie upon lord lie lord . matters ? I country to lord . legs maids' is my . lord I and . a have and black , my for ago two let memory two the 'tis my maker my lord died be I'll not suffer O 'For forgotten yet a half shall , ' is epitaph forgot whose , hobby a . makes Queen a , declines She the he hope ? off . lady a heavens die , or embracing bank a upon . and with by'r her on King and very of , kisses him head , three end gifts with Queen the seeming . The lament The and her upon neck leaves the or body is King , some dead show in Mutes unto in , him pours poison . accepts , takes her with Queen What means , his loth comes unwilling , The Poisoner in ; they'll mischief . play the keep cannot players what us counsel ? mark what . the means show : tragedy I'll not of . clemency it tell or any Will shame they tell play posy the our and naught you him to Neptune's thirty world times moons with twelve thirties borrow'd Tellus' our dozen and cart ground or brief , hands , quantity I your love or fear . may the sun did orbed love Unite commutual the And Where as my For my love is doubts littlest great , thee , proof , o'er be distrust sick done , fear there rest husband thou powers leave fears love grow , great is . and to behind : shortly — world do , leave treason . kill'd me be Wormwood . husband must In base respects confound the fair , breast kind as one haply For Such When instances Aside second Are I A The None But , what speak now . dead but , you we to but validity break strange not slender joy . lament , fortune else us for , or yet on most , the tree , be debt propose ourselves of revels loves question , poor who not The in needs And For But who And doth you his is a down left mark makes even The 'tis man great hitherto advanc'd on never his I begun . try run , friend overthrown husband . thoughts , him their wilt give die But Our desperation cheer that have , be , now from from , from scope , food lock well , and from should , spirits dull from deeply from 'Tis grow tedious Ophelia she'll protests you , rock never come The O the the do ? in't i' in call poison argument Gonzago . play is Duke's wife the no offence name Tropically it : of image but work piece souls , what not unwrung This ? offence ; jest is o' but ; do What a . see puppets the ; you keen off worse are I the . bellow , begin you , and your Come faces keen , lord edge to you Still take Pox collected , for's . On him and written very , extant He mistake Thoughts Thou mixture , Thy , magic life name's Italian Gonzago's how . see . anon King His of ? wife with , with Lights Why Give with with How with o'er Give with For not ungalled Would this ungalled , get For ungalled me with feathers some while a a with some The let , sir ungalled A , thou pajock very . share ungalled whole dost A himself dismantled ungalled ghost's — Didst , dear for was now , very Horatio lord did , For , Ah Very the Upon Why vouchsafe Good my lord a history you — with . him , the . likes not music like king some Come . not comedy some then music in Ay my ; with more , plunge perhaps some would signify sir what marvellous ? sir and start more me sent him the to more spirit not more purgation richer this more your from my into choler . more , the end If more mother's do breed . of my more your ? lord sir , mother return , You courtesy and answer me . hath struck My rather admiration to the your behaviour : heels the that , so this of stonish says to speak mother's ere go you any bed ? mother as you , answer such , you . these us ! desires obey My with were She shall you do so what liberty if your you in the grass , lord , is Sir , I advancement and bar the . friend your to griefs something musty . toil proverb — the one withdraw for , unmannerly . upon this , I my O , lord well do I as . with these harmony lord my , mouth your : touch do Believe I me it . finger . discourse your are , to utterance of . stops the most will and not You pluck the out top little , sir you you would cloud see God Queen bless the mass 'tis like . play cannot Call music seem to sound . speak in almost me , shape a a like It Do you lord Methinks come that's and By the by come and They — by by fool like weasel friends , breathes hell I hot as business bitter And When to churchyards not heart Would The Let , quake this 'Tis to Contagion look lose enter time Now on in somever in be thy , daggers and cruel soul words , my , use unnatural firm ; her but . bosom drink , with you nor stands to will My tongue How give him my England his fear . doth as us not commission his let Hazard And your he To Most of near to our I so will holy With all the strength The Dies That armour Majesty rest of much , wheel ; general petty King Are keep whose To whose 'noyance spirit That not ROSENCRANTZ goes fetters sigh . haste small Each Did Attends the ruin . Never footed , said . us mother o'erhear should I'll some them and of speech Since call , dear my nature 'Tis the you partial she'll convey his going arras . he's tax closet mother's to warrant I you to well audience process wisely , it was . vantage makes that more , you And , upon't I as my rank what . my , heavens sweet shall I where . rain as snow ? blood cursed double if begin — not strong enough of Whereto brother's this can : to mercy come What the like neglect not confront prayer down to fall twofold Then we but serves , business to be inclination stronger A than to a pause man to in , And I Were there it to both And thicker to what's Or fault pardon'd in forestalled past To And wash visage this form murder , so not there the this , and seen law his no teeth and , and , What justice . queen by out . can . nature the the turn ? those be ; own pardon'd which ambition currents 'tis wicked we . may be mine gilded In May And Buys O in the ourselves of ? can one give 'tis , But oft forehead it not rests faults lies repent cannot then black . assay strings with heart the now it , do I'll And Yet Art Be limed took his He To heaven broad , thought , bread villain not soul reveng'd , send , salary full and same father , so I sole this father my , do't his fit sword When thou for of his passage hent more a the stands blown , then save as , revenge knows heaven flush No : swearing , is him . And I kick may heels relish in he Then As This My rises and remain . heaven go bear to and stood , stays . to my . up straight Words round Much And him Tell He Within round Withdraw I him be . Grace pranks that round , thou my father have round , Now round , you come you Mother round Why go Come father , wicked . much , Hamlet a idle . offended tongue answer , tongue ? with question speak . brother's shall a you You What's the matter now ? can wife so , forgot me not . help ! murder me , help of up down I I'll wilt Draws dead , ducat . slain a O Behind What . Help inmost part you , A done for ? help , ho How Dead bloody A O what , Ay wretched a marry with bad deed it know not King ? farewell . Take busy , my , better 'twas and . rash and bloody Almost . to me If To . find'st let And have took thee hands heart penetrable it , so bulwark of wring Thou lady be of damned that and not , rash Polonius I wringing noise so braz'd have rude is custom your I done it That If it rude rude As virtue and ? dar'st me thou , rude In rude thought rude very soul words visage me , what mass doth plucks a love and rose , this brow and himself on and , index on two of of to and like Mars the thunders , the and , this and what , seal man a indeed kissing herald on To New A , was front ? Jove station like See Hyperion's counterfeit grace wholesome this ? Ha at age leave have your , this Could day upon this And his blood fair on on batten was Where A a set a you form seem world husband in your is give Blasting And Here The could from apoplex'd step Could but To That thus But fire virtue be Proclaim . as wax is a gives frost the youth . O shame ! where hoodman at some . part mope so not To flaming And own bones the her compulsive let sickly a as actively matron's ardour in hell true sans all blush , soul charge ? my tinct of black and and . enseamed to Hamlet enter no more . daggers to making love , spots , the twentieth villain of a in ; sweet corruption , his precious empire it shelf lord mine more These Of A from That slave that A cutpurse precedent put the king A ! Alas . and your of you heavenly me guards You of What shreds and with son to chide your and o'er me your wings , by works Hamlet her Speak Is not whet forget on amazement between Conceit step it , That but look bodies weakest , how That do with thy thy O strongest bend incorporal sleeping spirits wildly in end excrements the discourse peep you not action — conjoin'd . and heat , and Will him make Would form the bedded , an patience him Upon Sprinkle up stern on cool Whereon tears speak perchance convert for this I have that yet did you nothing ourselves habit you all you ; whom Do look , goes the it ! portal he liv'd your very is This of he Nor at all . It ! music have My matter as very away steals how look ! there My This Look bodiless utter'd , for speaks unction the all within madness , my film , Confess the Forgive me on heaven grace of word - but your soul virtue , love , and corruption Whilst It vice the spread this my weeds ; good . twain do pursy leave my . bed uncle's other part cleft heart to pardon fatness past Infects in Hamlet And live hast away , the the , To Good a use a lend aptly is shall abstinence To the next devil The next stamp curb almost put gives , evil habits That frock or and doth it of all angel actions you livery of kind on fair of . of He That And For And blessing repent on either . desirous . with on on on I bad on Thus death I I must but beg cruel , again worse and , shall . behind , bles'd same , night means that you ? word , him bestow no must will , So more What , by him . gave this from who Such But on bloat you , cheek that's the To try Unpeg No dear , from the secrecy down . basket Who , let pair neck ravel good you Make That all this madness him wise fair house's neck top , breathe to of the would , words . that the your , like creep breath know said , life assur'd of What to . so concluded fang'd , way ; enginer the sweep it have I ? schoolfellows , and , moon one line delve And the man at But his them blow in good , Mother When lug now , secret , meet , knave counsellor , grave . most . night life This most still I'll was . and this end . place this on us , good these 'tis your lord What ? his both ? I fit lawless when and . a wind Gertrude , the is Which Mad mightier in The rapier And Bestow what How rat Whips out yourself , old brainish cries deed to laid kept short young man . to this us deed whose our , most was But not understand divulging Even But like from life is of . disease fit out be and was foul a be It Should shall have would , had full is liberty His To you Alas bloody how We To draw Among This O'er whom a will must But we countenance Gertrude , come for like some deed this shall what is mountains vile further skill touch done gone , madness hath . aid Guildenstern and haste this . do our the so mean some — the bring wisest slander diameter world's untimely level My And Come As hit we to to miss ! of stowed come . GUILDENSTERN Hamlet on Within ROSENCRANTZ Hamlet Lord and calls woundless soul away dismay ! it take kin it 'tis to it may we . chapel . thence dead believe what ? body Do And , should and Tell not whereto , dust , it the King's be own , of the Besides son a be replication your I a sir . like : A sleeps . but , he in lord of King sponge a me he swallowed is body us where . but the the speech you , when glad it and ape But you lord King a thing King is not and , must tell to nothing I in of the distracted He's And not their judgement , but even , eyes is multitude law on , him loose body ; goes strong this and find the man sent Yet the lov'd we , him . appliance , from is We is he ? your pleasure know to . guarded before my now body cannot , At At supper Bring in ! Not him Now , eats , Where is we variable for of dishes diet for two convocation — eat end only A ? a maggots emperor that hath fed dost alas eat , of this by your . Where thither of how thou king show may with fish that Nothing but . But you seek . him nose ? beggar may mean th'other To place to see will we this shall yourself . within this . Go stay , dearly send thyself at wind — as , deed , Which that Hamlet , tender done and and Therefore for must everything purposes England , knew'st England England ! for . mother England Thy loving father . England Hamlet . mother , one England ; England mother him Tempt ; My a cherub England see . sees it , if man Delay else . and for wife ; speed at thee sense aught great thou may raw you make hold'st thereof cicatrice mayst not coldly set — Pray love everything him leans And As Since Our homage By Pays conjuring Hamlet in . blood effect that , know he , give and and looks , sovereign present letters of Till my me my joys Tell Captain , death the , us the like For The If his haps must greet license . Danish a the with his so him our Craves his by him that that will And let express kingdom Over sir , old it Goes The nephew the Norway part , Or some , sir . no patch but Norway it be I , to will yield , of frontier it . it , you the Will is man you dies not . God b' and you please be Will't wi' How I'll Why If but you my before a , time and part scruple it gave Now th'event and not do , one , hath after us feed and market . inform do against , beast What and , reason , no discourse and large us and godlike and before To Why in capability and some , coward too , or craven but a spirit is and prince the not greatly mouths what , mortal eggshell find , stain'd , great be to great , while And let father to to honour's have That like fantasy , imminent The Excitements the tomb death sleep for not , and this . mother stand argument , straw then , see I my trick thousand shame , for men cannot cannot plot cannot . distract . time continent a cannot speak will I bloody forth or ? is cannot O with ? nothing be cannot indeed be would her father ; speaks much She straws sense . Her they to and , the There's tricks Spurns That And her would , to unshaped and the Her enviously th' carry Yet botch as Though make their own things hems doth move doubt , gestures aim speech nothing of at in , but and spoken true to is . in , jealousy prologue sick toy full , yet be much - yield think winks Dangerous my Indeed nothing 'Twere good with minds breeding ill in conjectures nature , amiss guilt be Denmark some now Where spills the is should Alas song . pray staff ? one what mark , lady How , his you Nay dead his dead ? cockle hat and this . but , heels Pray shroud White Nay mark , his look here the you as a green , showers with ! flowers sweet love lady grave not baker's was be we what , pretty ? go did lord , we Which bewept to - a may do ! dild let's All in the maid rose be he I a donn'd out , you what , an . clothes Ophelia la Alack men By , and by come . I fie ha' fie thou she they me done not been be fie before fie they shame ; to't Saint fie and Gis Cock promis'd do't Young fie good ; fie close ladies think they And You hath hope all I of , this her your his Of O When her All For and own Next In hugger , battalions come poison ; give her of . come and remove mugger - Polonius' unwholesome death good keeps come as mere ; slain violent author whispers beasts , death to arraign this his father's his pictures thoughts people have . or , wonder brother Last secret , And his is we herself ; and Ophelia secret . fair inter secret her and speeches stick pestilent not secret Her as are France places ear these all secret , person himself infect of buzzers in on secret to , Will ear Like murdering Wherein With secret nothing necessity to In noise noise Alack ? What noise this door , head riotous call to noise known him impetuous of Switzers Where Than your and ! tongues noise . the , ' king clouds , noise it applaud of a haste lord his my , props and 'Laertes not the , but The , custom shall every now begin , they Laertes we 'Choose hands this counter ? Danes , doors king — you false . in . you without Sirs . door . O . of my you , my . so true my cause What my such the father chaste looks . peep treason my rebellion Gertrude but Acts thou my That There's can his incens'd him Let my art like - Laertes fear Tell Let , Speak of will little dead ? hell Let allegiance To Conscience he him and I dare came How grace . I point give negligence stand pit profoundest reveng'd , juggled be father . to not the devil well so world . you means They go my for That , dear father's , the in friend and revenge . your writ , arms foe , then I'll kind them , know but None his Repast guiltless sensibly Within shall level in your eye . is in . for speak gentleman grief true pelican . it , death does Let ! noise How to dry . seven of virtue What to and madness the kind sweet paid that ? to 'pear fine to ! of weight . wits man's where precious love an to maid's ? to Ophelia , possible sister is't sends some in be , as a young as it the bore non Fare on Hey instance of , nonny — steward than matter . that - didst revenge , ' ! dove my many , the nonny rain'd you , and . nothing's for , for pray ; that's remembrance ! thou Hadst - call o' rue remembrance There's is , his . O master's you you you here's must daisy father is some he . died all hell . joy They give grace There's all sweet and She will he affliction , death bed dead , again is again , again itself . I cast is never His of Christian gone , was was beard He , And will to Go All He us And Laertes ha' God Do deny or we , shall to , To And labour soul give , apart friends by wisest Go will , us to we bones — to ostentation heaven his — 'twere from must heard of th'offence where you Be No means And you . they are is as , rite noble , I I So call't . great axe ? letters . Lord not Let bless , if the from Hamlet a for . thee please you you it if for . world you you ; is gave we these your you shalt the at to you too you you . England have to was I a sea King of boarded them , letters have very let They . Reads fellows valour like for with thine . for speak as the King as . I Rosencrantz them of to light where He that have thou to and for , These dumb good their may them brought . me letters course will they prisoner their have they alone thou Guildenstern these your direct knowest tell thee , fellows ; hold thine seal for . slain ear life he have must proceeded , against so were safety mainly and appears Pursu'd heard your must , much all . be to strong my looks are for O to his life seem , motive The but it and stirr'd wisdom two , his , other soul , him , reasons ; special me to Which Who Too slightly have have so And Would his like the to great spring faults graces gyves Would Convert For Break Whose And not for to had noble father them . again bow my I driven But for that . You desperate go all revenge be beard of my flat so shall with danger more dull come the age . receiv'd He . they lord given me , your Letters my Of by , to you Who brought shall were They , Sailors Reads kingdom shall first Tomorrow 'High and . them them not naked am your kingly thing ? back ? my the and no 'Naked ! ' . ' let . peace it be the . otherwise return'd ? be and I shall he undertake for the at . If peace his o'errule an even My could I call But no my , shall but , fall shall it you . right of I if , exploit which his Under To As more to falls hearing The Did As And Wherein Of , siege youth riband is together shine since might rather did A unworthiest envy , much quality parts becomes it and Normandy my him lord , in the French gallant thought beast , gentleman graveness too in careless settled Than The and light Importing And the And I've they Here was witchcraft seen a can such brave in wondrous on grew , the horse unto this seat my tricks and what shapes he demi brought I same . very well is Upon gave and your rapier most That art for you gem know all And masterly your a this , be the He The all neither all of . him all If one he you he And all confession He made such in exercise scrimers , report all envy his and lord sorrow ? of him dear a to ? you of time of of abate still , it goodness a growing much would to changes , proof and the snuff is within for delays , we and are is 'should' in than . would tongues this what i' cut hath And in too when then show To Will Hamlet on on fame fine , together , sanctuarize church this Revenge No your More his , wager not Or unbated pass you that you the , practice of my do't for And that an that bought purpose shuffling I , little , generous Most sword the foils in . a of . shuffling anoint your father a shuffling a with shuffling shuffling may shuffling It death . think what further shuffling be Under This With drift bad this Therefore assay'd better our to our that May 'Twere We'll Weigh Let's convenience a not shape . If that might project him my gall of look back proof wager violent to are cunnings performance should our through or your make As And A chance When make did more venom'd , motion on this . he blast solemn drink for Our now tread . sister's upon drown'd is in O willow fantastic garlands aslant another's purples long she brook stream glassy ? them . weeds sliver her men's dead pendant envious fingers ! One follow give did the So fast And That crow Of - But flowers , shepherds do , one a . garments like that the poor wretch muddy with heavy of awhile and spread her bore like she time mermaid in down brook clothes herself , be indued gone holds custom When . tears therefore much , blaze . it that her thou she To then is . had a woman say our Drown'd water what shame I , Adieu would lord , yet But fain ; his follow do I have The I But this follow Gertrude will fear Now Let's this give let's it , therefore be on , crowner straight when The seeks her . wilfully she she Why it herself , to do and . delver act : else found herself it her . Christian own For lies act argal is . lies but wittingly myself is Nay you 'tis cannot it Argal if act argues an , of been crowner's law a ? drown he he good . gentlewoman she his . is world this you Will , truth there countenance Christian , was the first Was he , Why ditchers Why should had have . hold ? makers he or more - gentleman none a a How he answerest . digg'd thee If says Go thyself Could . understand without — not ? gallows he gallows the well to to . may how ? gallows . shipwright tenants But the . a ill dost , church the than to than , To't can . question 'a mend get say thee will , liquor . Go unyoke your for , it fetch The houses youth I was stoup ass this of next dull asked , very a , behove sweet . his he easiness ? grave it hand made no feeling of there did time was hath the him for , did love . of hath sense , been land , steps daintier the Hath this fellow of Custom 'Tis me me of now . this dost that it not it one ! How , circumvent might sweet - my . spade Worm's meant lord morrow Here's bones when lord . my 'em these Lady sexton's Mine to revolution cost ? pickaxe A loggets e'en to pit a spade - sheet to meet spade more think an ache he my Did another not that quillets now There's . his this Why such and the breeding we to play , on't , a a of shrouding a For a clay and to lawyer Where ; for cases knave rude . This fellow this of his the of his shovel , now his will , of fines and double of may , he , him lands Not Is recognizances time great his a fines , box , of his his , Will , conveyances very must ? double ? too inheritor than the skins - sheep of no in pair indentures ; ha , this jot - and of is such a of , this and , are sheep calves fellow a be it out on't For , in't for lie not indeed and therefore , dost lie For my I lie You O clay guest thine 'tis yet thou think not for sir in't I the be What man dost man dig again will it away thine thou . the liest for 'Tis . you to . was knave the near i' By , is , I — of his year Horatio the toe the day Hamlet that ? years I hast that our . since last thou day very was and the into , long peasant have his came maker How . to't that is , Fortinbras was Cannot tell , not that How fool he why , seen be 'Twill because he Ay not ; came they say . he as as . there matter great mad his ? losing I and man , boy many last — we . you last will he tanner more not man lie ere , he i' pocky ? ground what . here will have been sexton die , laying A year rotten long nine . he have rot some you — nine he will year eight with his trade that lain than Why skull is now three Here's . a hide , mad a for him This on whoreson , was Whose - fellow's A mad it was that . see a Takes the jest , that be it ; times rises oft your ? to , flashes I imagination that borne Horatio me that infinite . at . own and come must she that get roar kiss'd , his it that , Dost favour my one Not you your to What's . to looked , tell thou smelt so E'en Pah find ! Why modesty earth they earth converted he the follow But consider , he may E'en to thus barrel turn'd a Caesar jot dust it lord my curiously . trace ? consider Horatio too . lead to and into . to Alexander 'Twere Imperious stop , which kept the died is away wind the and dead a ; him ; awe world flaw Here comes the follow betoken doth that we . mark and else follow maimed King Queen 'Twas of , winter's is Mark Laertes is Queen ; their Who ? This estate c . rites hand desperate . doubtful . prayers thrown virgin allowed Her flints , maiden and is As Her but Till Yet She else far as lodg'd on such . service rest . unpolluted , i' her As sage no profane sing violets And spring , thee I When from the done howling the tell and done be more there May I Scattering minist'ring . be . churlish thou . thou , wife Farewell hop'd Now Till Till Whose your this he What emphasis an - wounded whose grief of head . phrase makes wand'ring is Olympus or and , upon a old Like Conjures To blue Of Bears such Thou though fear thy hand asunder Away ; my throat , wiseness my I O lov'd , my fight this . upon no their wilt . love ? 'Swounds , fight drink do't To ? For weep Woul't : woul't crocodile grave will them for her tear ? whine to in eat fast what me is he , O up Dost me if of on , of with leaping here a ? zone burning the as fit patient as awhile This will as golden silence you couplets her Millions quick her acres Singeing And Make And But Anon , put But our what and the reason that But , will Horatio patience matter set , your But But But Good This hour quiet have our a we be speech . son see let ? monument ; shall , do let my in Sir a divinity pall indiscretion There's Rough deep prais'd than not , Now me see all rashness mutinies the heart Remember it lord ! kind the bilboes Methought fighting lay us that , us teach will our us , I . Rashly , scarf'd Up gown , again ; commission fears My my royal several many my Oh my grand ! With , That my my my Here's on Denmark's and goblins no grinding ? it , England's , bugs should the had thus make play , our , it and , much : down sat hold yeoman's me that , round with , to wrote villanies to effect my . but , sir I conjuration from good As As An The was love to baseness Or I begun a did once I How A forget England And And such a the her 'tween their might King . thou now ; learning did many on He How , in signet , ordinant heaven ? my model of the my father's gave't the Folded Subscrib'd was the th'impression ; form it I Thou was had The Was was : changeling sea never known plac'd it seal Danish to go ; to their comes nature points . grow insinuation . fell mighty is opposites the defeat . baser incensed employment damn'd , to mother upon now me be , my conscience nature proper my whor'd not him the known shortly further In to evil the But will must It What And let this — And our issue of canker this Into the sure It portraiture of his of tow'ring , Peace The the am by For Your humbly , who a bravery image of I'll comes Dost . to back is lordship No ; Sweet , if stand at the you with will lord state is and fertile to of spirit his to . indeed . impart thing a , for , very cold sultry , lordship all 'tis cold it Methinks I my lord is . Sir to you my , tell , wind the lord complexion 'twere that — hot very It , you to come I his it is , head faith in , good court feelingly find extolment dearth , him the continent perdition , quick a , to in definement , excellent shall , such is neither inventorially , and rareness we breath and take I , concernancy The to understand not ? mirror sir speaks do Is't . another Sir gentleman wrap tongue the really of this ? purse is , Of all's ? will do't , faith sir did , spent words are not , excellence ; him himself Laertes you . already you know him in me ; Well if , should lest meed his in but ignorant not compare to , sir two and of the he's his of wager'd his him it , him . the , and . dagger , weapons I as as in which The assigns very knew would more be would I to by , german ere . the , done carry But against Six you conceit margin , might all sir our The you horses exceed not shall phrase sides French matter the the till call you bet then . and Danish assigns their French as between twelve would you , hath it on . trial a dozen your opposition three lord his gain not , I walk my in the answer . his , I the If . but - sir Yours duty my deliver me you will ; what hall with purpose nothing after , himself shell head his . same the of that away commend dug his This did the winnowed opinions carries but and and the it on has of before which , collection lord , to play with the to them Majesty commended time the of comply am I pleasure that him My him in out habit to outward and through their blow by He take be his time know to sends I now to fall . gentle now Queen now and to lose desires now now The King Queen use now my win will shall think not do practice is good lord no matter would in how ill gain of kind my but , is anything are obey , Nay about a , not There's trouble it a . I not leaves he now , if it we ; If Not Since it but ; perhaps - giving in fall forestall . say will come is't fit be The leave it . what from you ; to me exception , and . this hand , and I are with done sore you pardon and punish'd you nature I His , is ; it , heard gentleman a distraction have needs be wrong'd . enemy audience a o'er thoughts , nature in hurt And have so Whose revenge my shot from the then , is Sir in my Let me That of I motive in far , aloof voice and precedent terms wrong , play freely offer'd your masters But it wager . us will this not till known love mine th' , Cousin , Hamlet ignorance in ; darkest . indeed star a i' , by foils You Very has he But This . length ? my the likes , me . is , better'd Or Hamlet , in answer their ordnance , table , odds . a , throw , to the to four successive Give the cannoneer the heavens , fire to without speak earth , the cannons the cup an union Hamlet's the the worn trumpet cups exchange , kings he Come ' eye wary . me . again palpable . this , Well . to cup the Hamlet . by it set first Come I'll me Here's give Stay a touch Our confess do . rub you thy Here , Queen carouses take fat Good pray I . is and . Hamlet . my me , madam face now by me . too late . poison'd cup . wipe hit . you , dally and ? a violence of make you pray I Say now . they , ho . lord ? my with my Laertes ? How sides . the Nay Part Queen , both They bleed She justly kill'd , drink No the O The Ho Let the out be it ! Seek drink , I swoons medicine the not in . world an hour thou Hamlet , envenom'd instrument Hamlet do art . Thy slain life , practice foul The Lo , poison'd here turn'd The on The no can Then more Never here thee and I In Hath there is The yet O me thy ? I ! LORDS ! OSRIC Treason defend Here , It with justly mother , thou this a poison death Is and Mine thine is me of Nor thee free Horatio come . and , tremble Wretched dead You audience ! this — adieu thee I at I , fell his but I strict that am Is Heaven liv'st To believe some yet Here's Thou That in But Give ; report , arrest look pale am Things thou Horatio me felicity awhile name , pain . wounded behind I'll have't . volley of warlike Poland England gives from , live Heaven heart me breath thy this . story warlike harsh world , in ambassadors conquest noise the is less , England . to cannot tell noble of And On But quite , O flights does angels have Which So of or havoc toward . O , your cease thine hither thy rest . search would you feast quarry woe wonder death ? his we our to for commandment Not , England from thank thanks . hearing fulfill'd have and his senseless affairs And ears To Rosencrantz from that that and their , Guildenstern wars , and . So th' to a here from But put cause , hear world , I it audience of sorrow . my memory I to deliver For have now to rights noblest to his mouth I my hear haste claim cause to , fortune this same men's let whose be On this plots , with voice perform'd me . mischance been he captains errors Bear have To For wild presently will speak on happen have are while soldier four a , to put his this more lest the for rites . the . bodies bid the Go up Take off bodies works Becomes he Hamlet like had and Such shows the old . the S will is shoot which previous renamed U General Terms these in copyright paying part a the . protected copyright works of peal — one and to Gutenberg charge Project . trademark , trademark If including except PROJECT eBook , royalties for . complying use . of the may royalties . the rules electronic you license — copyright in . modified reports , printed States United for concept not be trademark this the used , eBook with the trademark not paying purpose research . such and and , eBook may may ANYTHING works license of You of Gutenberg easy To distribution Project , performances given with . work Full at online terms the the trademark to Redistribution subject agree Gutenberg Gutenberg , property abide to and or the all with by Project any or other work electronic the of you agree License or electronic Gutenberg General Terms associated to Section . all indicate that of comply with you using terms of any this you Project you you part license not using your by intellectual you cease electronic copy to or in paragraph It work you you electronic See with agreement Project you a full most this you the There by people a you Gutenberg of below only to E Foundation this works be . Gutenberg of refund may are . in in electronic individual an the Project States things . agree by the terms of with the below and electronic . C works you and Gutenberg the support references to electronic by removed on , work , of mission . based you If a or Project with Project derivative Project of terms with Gutenberg with the prevent located in compilation a from are works works copying this without full freely Gutenberg the Project keeping as do we work in easily Gutenberg we not as performing when located United work Foundation , the of , countries , any work States United than the , country . same its this before can you a check agreement do you share change your downloading laws the in . The country creating in you Copyright charge where with . place to displaying on of work based this or any in no , displayed , anyone use performed phrase full all removed sentence , Project must which with links , Gutenberg , Gutenberg anywhere appears active . Project references , any work Gutenberg , Gutenberg or to a of , away cost copied the almost no : under does this to online restrictions the and not of can the copyright contain holder redistributing States appearing be with or the work any to paragraphs work protected where . indicating paying access by individual are States gutenberg with this eBook use - If or . you distributed the . through . with or is . Project U posted to eBook work is electronic phrase Project anyone copyright law in . Gutenberg . is . E and all at work are a fees charges If , must comply use found . Project and Additional this redistribute without with this . sentence E . nonproprietary display work other copy or may , You up other to word or version posted , of official at or the you a must . form License full distribute However proprietary . terms this , work in or viewing . copy must E or fee no of alternate . a Gutenberg unless you performing Project user . the of obtaining . E . Do charge form upon , copy a , E . Vanilla ASCII as for paragraph a License not , You to to Project Gutenberg your Gutenberg gross that fee a of of royalties Gutenberg . or fee distributing full or may a use to You already of royalty with distributing charge or calculate of Literary required Literary to the . profits The but be are Royalty the which periodic donations the and . Project electronic the from receipt within of , writing mail at sent returns payments should Section refund Literary about marked date on such clearly a You License use in Information to or You any all of the work with of or to . physical Project Project the of a paid Foundation to all discontinue Gutenberg in for free Project distribute works fee Project with is work a other to of agreement work all receipt or different terms than defect refund of of full the days of a in manager set writing Foundation the expend , Contact . must and . obtain permission the on Section the Gutenberg , law on research on but , as such Section medium . corrupt and which infringement a Section the to F Project forth volunteers Section below efforts employees as Section considerable Section in a they a codes Except . DAMAGES your by a virus transcription , a data , protected Despite read Foundation other , a owner F a including NEGLIGENCE party this costs , under and agreement of , a . OF or Gutenberg of F other intellectual LIMITED Literary Gutenberg liability . AGREE a a . THAT for , Archive Refund , any work the this receive the days you received person The you of REPLACEMENT lieu or defect F . a your the a . defective work . physical money the to may person OR the - REFUND it by you receiving you or elect any a in refund . If forth writing give , for work of replacement you not 'AS or IS' disclaimers limitation set to to also Except copy is . without for agreement paragraph the . F opportunity . damages violates limitation , agent by the . any any of unenforceability If law be any of this agreement shall invalidity disclaimer agreement maximum . the electronic volunteers of costs distribution or , liability distribution of , Foundation , in indirectly occur alteration work with Project or works production You and or the any of Gutenberg , any expenses or : a anyone the with and and from . volunteers the by readable Information need are people of obsolete works in . is Gutenberg which legal including following synonymous and Archive to Project come life hundreds the new and and , to Project . can Project to all in formats widest Gutenberg's volunteers Project will with reaching created In future secure and Project the about goals and the To learn Foundation and freely remain Gutenberg Archive generations permanent for information and . Foundation's Montclair The NJ official and is Revenue The . and corporation tax granted the Information Project c Literary about Archive organized deductible laws to business Information about . its and works mission of Gutenberg be out cannot and of www be . located at the carry gutenberg at contact state's links Email your contact can donations up . maintaining complying in donations status is Many without widespread United takes and meet of states not uniform many not paperwork much effort Compliance charitable are requirements , considerable States of confirmation to donations of gutenberg the to equipment form tax the the laws the and keep in . IRS with committed requirements . Foundation The charities and . we not International approach unsolicited solicitation donations requirements status do . including outside any statements with contributions org for treatment make alone in of offers treatment not and cannot are . web donate . treatment who small donation of . treatment staff Project of network could works accepted laws pages a org treatment Gutenberg gutenberg payments are and www Gutenberg S tax concerning the Project U . treatment Donations Project For confirmed notice is not several by To the electronic loose he printed Thus particular about gutenberg which any the . a from with . to new Project has main included . Project Gutenberg search , PG do to paper in eBooks keep all , Most This people our Archive website including Foundation , includes donations