unfold Stand You Stand Nay , Stand come 'Tis struck Get upon He Stand the , Stand . Stand ? Barnardo most quiet guard good do If Have had at 'Tis bitter , bed to thee . twelve For The you them watch . Who ho you good to Marcellus bid Friends liegemen Give soldier , Horatio and make reliev'd night good ? ground . Horatio , honest , O . thing , has Horatio piece is ! A , Welcome Holla Barnardo of him I have but belief let not will Therefore dreaded sight , hold seen this appear'd good Welcome fantasy again . us him Marcellus ? Horatio I 'tis seen along . appear come night nothing our speak this the of , your assail 'twill , Sit fortified nights . ears down once And And two us we we , this , of have to awhile again so When The bell same course yond , Last star t'illume that part the . thee let made now off , that's . dead myself westward of his it burns night — again the of where beating then Marcellus , not like Most that It ? and , Horatio . fear the scholar ; harrows Question thou art Did be It me with Together What ! speak See By night and usurp'st this form it heaven . buried I . charge offended thee Denmark I and pale fantasy look speak ! my What ! the Of ! something think Stay ! Is not ! art mine , the ! might true : thou the the 'Tis . on he , jump and Is it not like had armour in th'ambitious , he to state . parle very before frown'd When So sledded twice bodes some gross the sit this , in stalk implements of cannon land observant me and of , task . haste day that What not divide mart such toils same and tell he from Sunday the At So nightly daily - can can but Who least be Does And foreign the , image even by in which a by known . competent stood with ratified Fortinbras combat prick'd , appear'd Fortinbras esteem'd , last Norway pride valiant emulate of world compact him , same Fortinbras as the , had seal'd of forfeit For to this ; our ; this , Norway Shark'd a of , Against Which Did Well here , there , and which is no strong this father That food doth to terms Had And to skirts list hot our , enterprise hand full young head . so other watch rummage King to , lost But some unto it wars , streets dews Roman sheeted of blood ; and , e'en . fates , palmy the it squeak with the to the harbingers even Was Did sick and high most the And , cross Have it to Speak thing to voice , to omen any to me , country's to do thee there If That If be If soft me , death ! fate avoid spirits it of Stop hast uphoarded ! Marcellus , to Speak ease . and , at partisan my Do they thou if Extorted which For Stay , Shall We offer , gone majestical the as it the air invulnerable , morn thing his mockery , summons day of god with It was And Awake the his in . the heard the trumpet - throat sounding have when it a , The It And No So hallow'd is do no bird ; up and by we russet the dare spirit , they takes gracious all charm , tonight advice . hill my will As we Break fairy I have , the watch of morn , nor witch hath in so and and in part believe . the most I shall o'er This spirit Unto look and , find pray my seen for , acquaint morning . Voltemand conveniently duty kingdom him death , and one , marriage whole brother's dear of fought , hearts hath in grief our green yet Though The To Th'imperial sometime wisest with ; woe discretion of dirge , queen state eye our worth . dropping in freely , joy herein Fortinbras young , weak , brother . to state Our He his for Now Lost our by our that , To this , young of - and for : of bonds those with message writ : Voltemand dispatch , the for So all of Of Thus gait good bearers For You Out of to your CORNELIUS and Giving you , with of this no and : full herein Norway , his Who business the dilated doubt these VOLTEMAND , things And told Dane ? beg thy is't the : we show . you to not thou to suit what's reason What speak cannot voice The is Than That shall your You You In not And is the wouldst not of some of wouldst , the mouth return France to willingly favour and To us my though my to came of throne lord Your From And My Yet He you Have your to your gracious duty France , thine , coronation ; toward that from , wishes I thy now Take my more graces and me leave says ? him my my at hard ; it and my will to slow go , my By Upon thy , hang too still less son ! consent spend and be leave give you beseech do I little is it eye for thy 'tis Seek , lord noble nature know'st , Passing common . lives the friend so let for not Do common look cast Hamlet No , river , eye breath forc'd so particular ; cloak black , the in of These . moods of , not , alone windy nor the which indeed shows that within These of ; grief ; I inky haviour suspiration forms denote Nor 'Tis Nor Nor but the the 'Tis In do In obstinate father But show play seem of , actions are they must To obsequious impious It lost understanding and unschool'd term and your mourning I have that To , in nature to father , some , lost your his sweet Take To reason heart should in , 'tis thing to theme cried today hath nature , heaven fault We ' , to For Of A must This As Why You are unprevailing so , let of to nobility immediate and our love the still who till died throne world bears to that For . impart is a the that In Than Here note he and us of your intent my thy chiefest in And most cousin . madam go ; best Be a lose prayers not Wittenberg Hamlet to Hamlet . you unforc'd heart No Why my cannon rouse - the And that 'tis in shall Sits jocund that ; a drinks tell , away would fix'd again whereof , shall a Come . Denmark to to the in shall melt ! bruit . unweeded gross much 'tis this to an , this my of beteem nay — a might on't grows months merely to Fie canon How to it he on it I face not That . excellent ? of appetite had hang earth heaven mother to to winds and so not remember By not But Like think which all wants . my ere Frailty and too As With Would little what Let me Niobe O have She A ! she on't ; increase if A longer the yet Had break , not It tongue post sheets wicked in Hercules left married my for I my , incestuous to such But to most . flushing heart With salt dexterity nor Hail am or I your must hold . month , unrighteous galled ! tears eyes to . friend , glad I , Horatio what And am But I see , glad very Nor A in lord name that change . Good , do I , think prithee me it , thrift , mock lord me met had I had my me I to to see your , me came me see The foe I my forth furnish , father Or My me that Horatio heaven funeral marriage day see my Where ever me I was saw once my me I ; mind's , king was , look like all his him a in again yesternight while may these , attent King your ! The Season . and middle , he , night march thrice : with - your , their hear and them - Almost slow By dumb their , to his Appears at encounter'd point before Armed In the waste Marcellus and Barnardo dead Been stately In , the apparition thing as Form truncheon's fear act they fear . him night , kept third word I . are was platform this But I third dreadful The hands , upon third we third speak address methought third , loud did ; third . to watch true . haste in shrunk our morning like it , the from then , did : none it lord , sight . sirs you watch this . troubles tonight in honour'd me duty 'tis my writ very live do Indeed top from lord From , lord . my BARNARDO ? to beaver ? face wore his he look'd sorrow his up . My toe my yes Then O not in ? And Nay or red ? than very . anger pale had Stay'd much Most his eyes been there . you it hundred . watch will warrant you in his . silver'd gape , should you all pray still So else be it And If bid hitherto in tenable whatsoever an it If you have to I'll me it speak your ; tonight ye honour . visit in play soul to mine as duty Upon the , loves Your father's some doubt then them to will ! eyes foul were night , the deeds men's : my , Though the earth And Hold do sleep . minute not ; blood , nature a of sweet fashion and of primy in . but ? temple and grow waxes you but must fear own ; state , his not his unvalu'd himself for sanctity He And head voice he says he body birth , this the of service bulk ; he loves is nor Perhaps inward And virtue withal his of will ; you besmirch , to this his health ; subject is , For greatness weigh'd himself not therefore the main , sustain songs sister , is and so his saying his he lose with weigh too Fear Or it Whereof fits the Than If Out she unmask not danger it importunity chaste desire strokes the beauty Too to I to like primrose and a recks Show me of this most liquid the spring brother keep near good as not And Himself , shoulder of leave grace . comes to way his not my , is upon . for There , thy for . aboard a O smiles ? Aboard a But me fear . in second double blessing ; in thoughts , dull - new thine reserve comrade entertainment ; steel . purse rich of few thy as habit thy And of they in most Neither loan loses select the proclaims ; fancy oft of a and and nor the the , be husbandry friend ; judgement voice . itself edge thine be my I not Farewell invites time well you and , said leave , your the to follow : have Ophelia What And of , he memory to tend . your 'Tis What you , If Have And Given that so , caution daughter your and you , is between lord his ! such , call many tenders think made . what think ta'en sterling crack Or Running thus My to you for poor dearly , phrase fool love . to . soul do the daughter know go me my heaven woodcocks , his how these it take than vows to heat almost given , catch burns blood springes not , holy the all And light the the vows speech , lord , this ; young time Lord come ; terms , from for their of unholy bawds this leisure any This investments is suits he walk pious so As ; is hour What . cold . struck it lacks is it I Indeed ? heard No I , not , and tonight the , And King kettle as - wake this my trumpet his my This honour'd - breach than of manner drunkards traduc'd heavy it I is't it Ay mind headed revel is a custom here in nature of chances marrow wherein are not , phrase : nations at other with indeed perform'd too much of complexion origin of choose and achievements oft it cannot nature their Since their habit manners ; that undergo take censure As virtues I of form down o'ergrowth , birth breaking Being Shall Look His , say the pales and one , substance it of general they Fortune's as as — Nature's all To , grace heaven or answer tell , me , inurn'd our nature we souls of moon complete marble the ; I'll . Dane in bones up corse beyond night Revisit'st thou That With , op'd glimpses thee we their burst Wherein So Making dead glimpses is It glimpses glimpses , the thus glimpses why As if glimpses beckons To some to means by , not what to waves will But It Look with , toward again summit his assume draw And for I if That And puts Think , sea it sea of desperation every to lord my , dreadful the might deprive o'er to not go my . thee follow I'll , The That . lord , on Go me waves shall . cries in lion's that , on ghost Unhand Nemean petty cries My ; each out hands this not go nerve . lets cries I'll me body of fit cries ; Have after To cries As hardy as the him me cries gentlemen . cries . Nay Heaven what issue him follow further Speak , to is up tormenting almost hour I Whither My me but , ghost thy unfold I bound to hear . hearing hear fires of days that my unfold up harrow Would tell purg'd eyes two thy and secrets particular tale Thy each But ears To Are could the foul burnt Till dear , must fretful blazon eternal thou of most ! God ever not ! and But know't most me thou As most to this Haste Is Now wears serpent The serpent abus'd a stung Wouldst know sting crown , witchcraft ; did sleeping by Rankly that but will of what hand in whose , me it I wit O Hamlet wit , with have beast . shameful , gifts lust That to , with lust traitorous — in whose But To of Though So . I though lewdness So to seduce a me let itself a a as natural her Upon The my be methinks court virtue , love , radiant . on prey those mine . But it celestial ; body into with whose a stole pour the it eager , mine air , effect it and of life like my sleeping , in even of I most instant was , off crown of No Cut The a wholesome like a swift such an blood . brother's , head horrible thou O , Unhous'led all my horrible on to horrible ; it Denmark be hand once my unanel'd imperfections : a queen All vile sent ; my of royal With To Adieu And . Fare her soul heaven . you heaven . the shows aught sting adieu adieu O earth . at to in that mother thy A howsoever , well contrive , her thee bosom his thorns those and glow poor And , All of Yea you O all host But , away , matter book O woman volume , shall there heart seat ? memory . the ghost wipe In all alone of set be a villain down villain ! heaven ; word ' . me . are smile , and my . remember Now so it . lord . I My That At So may one . be it ! Come ! boy , Within Hamlet . come . lord . it , my How lord my of heart you'll HORATIO , a ne'er Ay Nor I be secret my , in knave lord tell heaven would , lord all Denmark the grave poor point part dwelling an he's villain , this i' at all , lord and I'll go , you whirling offend . and desire ; shall for and Such — we shake offence but my , pray business hands and and hath man fit are but every For to As What , what We known me what is , soldiers will have My , we swear't . lord Never . lord but lord We Upon Cries . sworn Come Ha under you , ha , have upon my , my sword my this that . you the thou ? fellow swear hear sayst the there lord my speak ubique And of heard . ground we'll gentlemen . again hither of Swear Swear Come ? to your are hands my that my upon this but ! speak so . Beneath pioner said With , put soe'er , philosophy and is give heaven Once therefore as , odd antic , we , Or by pronouncing know' ; 'We or think . night , this stranger earth welcome in of , dreamt perchance thus times things in , mercy But bear — meet shall , if if phrase , do a , might' do . you would' , they we and could So . spirit mercy Swear such Or I perturbed commend as friending lack love and , us , go to born is together you pray together , let's , Nay And The That come is and my , him lord shall Before ; Of , well I intend in Look . good make , sir you drift and very you And in As Take , you and Marry What who , what means are . did it . they and ; some do may say nearer , of it , well him 'not Reynaldo his knowledge , in may so and he , this ; put marry , wild and ' such , very he's noted youth , be if't Ay but Addicted so part But As 'And But sir companions drinking go so in another put you as is You fencing dishonour , lord That may , seem he not You That's The That meaning not , far . this ? blood fiery flash . unreclaimed general open must my Wherefore lord would , sir , know a is it a here's my you I savageness A you Your , of seen ever You believe you party you you you And him , you you ; phrase my According closes 'twere As Having The sir ' thing , or about say — this something I to By 'Good mass then He does I , At — What was say . ' . marry ! day ; tennis' a forth of know ' 'closes with him such there we ; of lecture have and assays and so of bait by my . wisdom carp such house . or with was There , 'I he , rouse in's o'ertook , me I you a him , Videlicet Your brothel or takes of ? yourself . Farewell my lord . lord his what's shall ply , inclination his Ophelia , I lord the My his with Ungart'red Lord With what in head , his was been knees his down , as upon his look Pale not shirt with in my all so doublet unbrac'd , Mad , had the by took goes He such hand it to he his he At As To I waving up he so , I truly wrist little thus so shatter , his his head And end As Then For seem'd to doors . the with the find his And And with my face arm mine perusal stay'd and me . King . sorry heaven undertakings love go will me violent will any does , his And being last o' Come This bended without without way he of , help on , of did I . to leads And No That I , my As . thee common Come And meant What It quoted that with I he mad . and did letters to hath did His heed . and in to More grief ourselves is it being the our opinions . ourselves might sort age to our my . wreck to not had ourselves see . ourselves the close King heard ourselves the so . Since The that , To be ourselves hate to utter sending Something have provoke , it man be him should inward did was th'understanding thus it you Guildenstern Resembles his much dream little from pleasures companies , court vouchsafe to than being More And much That So draw us lies he , hath to time , that That Whether as him cannot Some on your rest in our gather remedy unknown . him thus please will , so and profit our hope you glean , If a your of it will are there men within our thanks awhile us with time two much adheres much time and shall Both pleasures power remembrance good time of receive king's us whom Good I the command us time more of bent feet time , time such have . entreaty We time . where Go . too And , give up service be bring presence our practices to and , some is . him instantly and much My Heavens gentlemen return'd . my , hold King to you , think my , as Assure , Are Thou , the ? lord and my from amen . my good of do trail — hast O that do I And still to Both not to do th'ambassadors that — that so gracious my , hear . soul of have policy this great feast in hath he them that , my and me sweet them the head , is and that Say Well shall , first suppress . he sent to to . o'erhasty our I all son's main . distemper your Polack found Norway desires from , Voltemand , nephew's To good ! him our 'gainst into your Whereon give Makes falsely His hand in ; Norway ; borne sickness Highness , look'd a be against the from never , obeys impotence , his : Majesty more fine whereat arrests his joy his his pass , with against arms of his commission before , against enterprise allowance . his quiet and safety dominions regards likes Answer to On might for down we'll - home ended well you thank your And It and we Go Meantime at , My night be madam what time is welcome at This liege business expostulate to is and , time , madness flourishes day and is is soul , is limbs . nothing less call And Therefore is day , night , mad mad pity ; but else true all . have remainder thus this use figure 'tis . swear mad is Or we us it 'tis Madam 'tis out find let But , pity farewell he , 'tis I then of this 'tis : true effect and defective the , That a in me and , this my phrase . Ophelia Hamlet ? 'beautified' most mark mine cause is , ill and Now and gather , obedience duty her Who Hath a celestial the That's dear Good Doubt Doubt I that . Thine Doubt thou the to be , most by above ill , stay awhile ; I will be liar I numbers , have O solicitings , Adieu place and , me whilst best thee I But All , truth a I best this by to mine his , it art . most to reckon . him . and what might ? think , queen what you book the a upon I Before dear daughter it a But hath you What As how this prove of When had given If Or play'd prince be my Or I my told heart Hamlet not ' is 'Lord I would I think As perceiv'd a . young mistress , receive fruits then tale make — to sight and , thus , love winking or table round - work . gave of I with idle precepts a 'tis wail and the herself ? No out from That — watch very now by raves ? he know I'd , have time be Hath been prov'd this this from Not otherwise , so ''Tis positively a , that hid the centre it otherwise will were ? together . find I this if me , Where is , four How he So indeed walks hours . then not daughter an be But You Here and me not be We the try Let encounter the At And sadly will If love thereon , reading lord ? my . a are , me . know Well , you Do Excellent so honest ? lord world my lord a man to . lord ? kissing one a carrion very maggots sun have you daughter lord is not but Yet . good , to't , Conception blessing on extremity you for very , he as my . have that , read their here lack of wit amber my men purging powerfully grey down lord , to though have honesty as backward old it should slave which that All . hams weak - you potently plum beards slave mean that gum tree believe yet , slave , I most slave , thus there go slave the yet madness be be and slave walk o' the air my . happiness , honourable You lord out is , could cannot my life except me , well withal My , contrive will be that the tedious You go to seek sanity most of means I the , my my , he you Hamlet life Ah , To most honoured As Rosencrantz good My On the . friends ye Guildenstern , happy . favours shoe the lord in , her my the O ? lord , your that Fortune waist Then the we ; news or my near What Fortune particular doomsday most . is is ; have you good news , she one one being so for either wards , are , Denmark's you makes , then makes be infinite God have and ; a in ambition not is th' which your 'tis , thinking , A is merely . for dream but it , I then ambition bounded bad king monarchs our and th' court . and shadow's itself the a For . reason bodies . shadows to ROSENCRANTZ will GUILDENSTERN of ; but Shall like . such beggars' beggars of ambition We'll you way of and , wait friendship lord , no you other but in poor are halfpenny . I , a make most rest . you I you sort not matter in the To dear that I with , what my servants But ? you Were free nay ; even , am beaten I it Is , your ? Is , and which my lord have ? for sent You say purpose your know . looks , love the you in the justly But confession preserved charge withal . conjure our and consonancy me Guildenstern What of I off end of dear with me by you If prevent ? love I , feather discovery have forgone custom of you . an lord your all , me hold that disposition for me the indeed and Queen my ; it , promontory sterile golden foul , moving me , know the ; shall anticipation to with form in lord you of , like in . What , dust firmament appears no this , than a and pestilent express god in how and like , beauty of , on Majesty way Lenten ? me a : the say my , in said not no ; seem We be humorous man those shall . you his foil his , to they you when , if are , say for't and the plays ; clown the of shall not the think from coming them man I — coted receive target part o' the his and laugh her take . was mind shall players knight ; in th' verse lover ; halt peace players the in both players reputation the . inhibition they to players in the players did they hold think same , players estimation No indeed , players ; grow ? city ? late was their they for't so and are but in ? I ? can to better are longer Who if most if quality children , How , their quills the eyases quills ; and quills their than There do against sides both controversy for quills no nation writers quills was it Will — is say and , fashion are dare quills them went quills to been poet argument no , O tarre them unless the possible ? his and load brains . money cuffs while a player Denmark , too those forty , lord my Do , a is fifty would something hundred in strange , there not very at ducats uncle lived in , do they that his natural players the appear my lest welcome welcome , more than . comply with The . than I . out ceremony Elsinore the There players Let which entertainment Elsinore mother southerly are yours tell Elsinore In welcome Gentlemen Elsinore of appurtenance Elsinore north mad extent Elsinore you I deceived . is handsaw . wind , know . for them yet of players to : he's out to . you morning 'twas actor Rome it Mark say they . Monday . the tell swaddling clouts Monday . You are actors news right will Monday twice a you indeed . his ass my , Monday in — so a tell sir , Then Upon Monday My I to Roscius news have I tell Monday each Monday buzz . tragedy , poem light individable lord come hither on either pastoral heavy the in , men treasure what , Plautus , for - These the , no well , Why he , more and he which The O of Seneca - are - historical cannot of liberty only , Jephthah have daughter ' I , well Nay follows then my that As you me call th' lord . that my Jephthah , by welcome . welcome good mistress , Com'st last By'r lady of . friend thou . by last The row It to pious and you of We'll a . in ladyship piece passionate a , the Pray What is see For look where well young I like you , Masters thee my since when us French like to't chopine your Thy am ? within straight speech have welcome all are , not is Denmark cracked God the of I — that with top the set scenes the said in I it down no in honest matter called , I the , author , chiefly loved it ? quality . Come speech heard whose play cunning savoury where memory and of matter he It is this so Pyrrhus he play But such in above not judgements , to it there were no but Aeneas' tale method Dido than an 'Twas at digested well by . handsome affectation Priam's , it in as Hath And vile lend a Roasted , the ominous foot resemble night , fire complexion did whose sable arms , the horse , discretion Pyrrhus light trick'd the and more mothers Head gules streets and sword , sword match'd , antique , wide fell of you grandsire arm at father base feel ear . For , flaming with rage Unequal whiff falls . wind lies , my , finds spoken with His and his Repugnant where in strikes . command was declining and with lo the i' tyrant sword stick the storm will matter stood head milky to , still the , below - new him rend death speechless so fall pause And the vengeance forg'd for bleeding orb . his painted a Aroused we the winds hush With And Break Out did Fortune take synod In the all low Doth armour On Mars's , than nave and from wheel ; strumpet Now on remorse ! falls thou too barber's for , queen' good ? is 'Mobled 'The on a with of to Hecuba your tale a This is bawdry come or threat'ning for o'erteemed of th'alarm lank rheum . loins and clout , that flames . in have a the The In When burst sword her made husband's malicious caught steep'd , limbs down diadem in gods saw his move passion the if 'Gainst with he has instant , and . tears ? the players thee have see used , where for well a soon . eyes at sport , in's has gods , she , Good — and bad epitaph of , them ill hear let than time the . you rest this of live according your after them use sirs . bounty Come your honour and Take them desert dignity will report you your were better you better Murder of . you merit . their in The and after . hear , We'll ? We'll Use Use the thou hear We'll ha't dozen Ay , him down set would could old We'll night . for a lord tomorrow play The We'll a Can play Follow Dost We'll , We'll . and sixteen tomorrow Follow well which We'll look and you to Elsinore , him lord are and ye You Guildenstern that My But fiction Could Is it his his so in dream his distraction so Tears her a for his slave Now own this peasant b' God a broken A With in , and that soul working and would Hecuba ! alone am , O That Had he to Hecuba he And nothing . and . my for dear life a I Am king Who can And Like I have to him her ear horrid speech rascal , my in pate As A Upon calls ! Plucks to villain , the I I me With But Tweaks say - and dull Ha Remorseless To an my my father ! lecherous the region most heaven a very , brave villain kites ere all take ? or is murder'd , Foh play , kindless bawdy , make Oh am , upon't have heard , and heart drab . scene This a by unpack dear son cursing Fie it If spirit but The . course him mine something though Been A - brain very the tongue the I'll observe yea , Play to quick I'll like soul cunning my , About of that to struck , the . so uncle I'll the The and shape the and . of murder no have his . conscience the spirits , thing King of melancholy . damn pleasing devil the that weakness potent me than me More Wherein can harshly puts no by why him drift and you on turbulent so Grating himself quiet confusion the , of dangerous he lunacy distracted means of days ? But bring him madness be speak confession state . no by will we would much he his gentleman ? well . disposition you receive with forcing reply our kind are they before to 'Tis as on fell out of demands but , pastime in free Most him night I it seem way . have think They did the in court of . him edge . matter ; most him we already true entreat doth inclin'd these . lord , my We his To my drive heart shall gather by of Affront Ophelia sent 'twere and he That as encounter he or for his th'affliction We And If't Will father , closely , hither , too Hamlet accident for espials , wish do is judge here , again virtues , to shall may . on Gracious your so We here of And loneliness That , Ophelia walk show such — bring wildness be the good I so him . To are prov'd — you will bestow Your . Ophelia exercise to with do himself speech the devil pious to beautied 'tis ! helps word most thing doth my ! painted action , sugar . burden Than 'Tis Aside lash cheek deed with true visage ! lord too O . a smart I , by arrows be To my against ? To troubles sleep , the to of to , consummation come , the rub may mortal long say sea a a heir is - more opposing end of sleep : question , law's scorns , contumely man's dreams what , die 'tis this There's so of off — ache and to whips proud of perchance sleep flesh and wish'd death the life coil unworthy , might would his the insolence would pangs dispriz'd the the calamity give we in For The The To that sweat of the bare patient himself ? the bourn , bodkin undiscover'd dread of and the and office , of ills know that returns , awry of and And Is And great cowards make , country a others of ! my . Soft , sins all name this their the the does conscience to o'er with cast regard Ophelia fair I lose Nymph of How humbly you ; receive , That , lord , long to them not . aught I never . I you does a . many day ? well sweet right mind unkind wax ; for my Are honest ? compos'd , when when lord , you them things again poor when Rich gifts you Are lord when givers when ? admit no when discourse when , What ? you when , Ay and the than the . transform honesty you lord . was This . Indeed , bawd power , to Could not to nunnery myself ; I honest better it but offences yet wouldst a sometime I my proof I be thou the Why not I should You but have we relish more borne at . father Go between than I to , sinners to ? to my us of of to things thy to believe to give could as your . At to are put , with , in knaves nunnery to lord , marry to thou marry To . escape needs make . thy , as : of too go well pure I'll men give . quickly too . hath mad me your well creatures no , enough him heavens sweet you marry dost thou to face . I'll they married , Those keep it . live what rest a wise know fool for ; your nunnery heavenly paintings and have , Go to you lisp courtier's of rose of the and and quite , of tongue as on't marriages more and have heard make yourselves God's mind scholar's glass , of the suck'd fashion observers ladies out of his most bells sweet That I more the quite ! wretched Like see The shall , harsh blown is see noble of me , form , music of O seen have and and Was not like madness danger I do have quick down I be And O'er ? feature woe . tribute to in lack'd His Will the his Whereon From of brains seas it doubt spake , though it sits hatch , something shall origin and his puts in shall Haply in , matter still think What do Ophelia ? on't , But We Thus set the do . believe commencement , him him in the , commencement , you now Hamlet said him him not . commencement the after all fit lord what Lord entreat do . us you his England And show need not neglected commencement Let The It from it Of To commencement if You all commencement Your their be I'll Madness grief , wisdom in . where If she find unwatch'd I , do you him best so not ones great tongue you a I the soul and your part are Herods . would - the the , if you pray but , town , noise to to temperance speech crier thus as most , a that hand spoke I - But . robustious - fellow groundlings , shows discretion the modesty the of the , o'erstep as , both 'twere hold purpose word have capable Herod may the but for ; I own nature whose the playing , which . her pressure , image word ; for . to that , cannot in players — be must unskilful scorn not . action laugh Now his though whole and that thought profanely , some having others own this very the I to made them that nor , bellowed not abominably made of humanity us . not highly praise , journeymen well , man had accent and your speak have of pagan judicious body of the time have it make theatre others have the O , imitated of have a o'erweigh seen I that play your clowns have that have have pitiful no . it uses that Will the And the laugh , set on in the considered though be players this and , now Bid my ready . that . GUILDENSTERN to and , hear you , lord and at Queen too presently ho What conversation lord Here , sweet For Nay , do , e'er Why be pomp knee the ? should hinges poor the but I just as tongue fawning of her hear ? choice spirits absurd lick hope flatter ; her was from good thee candied for that Fortune's buffets suffering in man could I thy . revenue crook may soul the no think pregnant distinguish , Dost rewards man those nothing flatter'd wear Fortune's - suffers . of mingled finger blessed And pipe that For herself all mistress they is To Hath seal'd And ta'en judgement a heart of that the much will me for are equal are stop passion's core do One it play thee slave is . tonight thy his unkennel circumstance the death soul guilt , seen him imaginations ghost . the stithy . Give his speech as to will Vulcan's As after we will are in uncle itself I censure , In lord pay , my ; join seeming our that Do my we must , Rosencrantz flourish he steal They . Get , For Well the How our , place march Excellent faith promise I And fares cousin feed words not the . to Guildenstern and I . a Hamlet others . King I so i' . capons air , lord My answer nor I . I , and you my nothing No mine That with this , was ? actor Capitol . was so me to capital the kill'd i' ? a th' . Hamlet , Be mark you they ! King lap ; me my good , No my . metal mother lie sit dear , think meant lord , in Lady O ho , head lie my . What is , lord You Ay , jig you , how your only , cheerfully Nay hours months , should be do father wear . months sables long ? a ! die memory horse forgot half , ' of . protestation he O year forgotten and his ; epitaph unto shall a suffer is , life whose a Enter hobby hobby very ; I'll whose else . makes , away comes and , dead Lays whose dead kisses asleep lovingly churches two whose makes her the upon head , whose a , by'r with - whose the and King kneels seeing him and She . She and crown his off . woos seeming action takes The The lament Queen the with this the She body is his love , ears . The in mischief passionate , Poisoner and means mallecho argument not ashamed ? show Be it you means meant . the of the play . cannot this ring , show all tell what they you'll us your us to . you I'll tragedy clemency hearing and naught : mark ? patiently . with Phoebus' a , my , or posy brief For this We Here stooping your beg prologue 'Tis Is a , gone , did Full salt and cart . sick so your holds so know is ; my . to , are and , love , great is what For from cheer and , love and , you distrust In my my great is neither their live Honour'd women's fear , siz'd littlest in extremity , aught , is love love grow leave thou I fair grows , leave fear little shortly great — my be me needs must shalt For Aside None My operant in this haply shalt husband belov'd thou behind kind one . breast move bed . but thrift of respects Wormwood second do is fall , But 'tis , none marriage of dead think do When second but But what , slave , what we unripe passion propose . poor birth fruit to passion Most Grief now ourselves To Their This joy aye a shall love makes you , us yet to fortune favourite fortune mark lead a aye even That The hitherto down our is should ; nor ; begun enemy our with aye Where aye The aye man aye Whether , fortune question needs seasons end where his friends lack doth I none husband lord thoughts thou ours our wills who For And Directly want him overthrown . run , to thoughts Our who in so well prison So die cheer the and strife , ends dead our wed heaven day from thy second , is blanks a earth desperation and should it , be ever me , hence widow , repose and what that turn If Meet I once To opposite ! beguile . you play between leave , brain us much too she'll Have And , lady how Madam , offence word , mischance come thy no in argument you ? Is her methinks keep Gonzago they the piece it , his the no . of what o' Baptista image ; play Tropically call poison offence . anon jade wince ; how 'tis we is a What of nephew you interpret dallying . wife a us touches work name but unwrung to , my , a I majesty see and gall'd that could This . if . damnable , raven doth bellow . you Thoughts would Thou . begin Come croaking , weeds agreeing for thy . leave ; seeing you lord , are keen take to groaning a Confederate hands creature , revenge infected property immediately . His life murderer fares frighted The ban rank , of blasted and usurp , The Give the , lights ; play hart watch some Why The must weep some Away . if of share a cry . O thou very himself , thousand Didst . pound ? poisoning lord Upon the did the , I'll of Come talk very music the note not word a me whole history perdie with vouchsafe , lord music ? choler rather him . sir King , sir ? with his richer ; signify to choler . would purgation lord itself put welcome is this your , from some frame more far discourse my sir to , I am mother in most me your , sir diseased rather or lord . shall answer wholesome and business I Sir the right breed your my my mother answer of cannot such — say you , you into admiration mother did , My I once advancement . friend your once your for himself lack once cause pickers the once do bar . me these your once still do so lord once How be once Ay the to recover if my duty of me grows withdraw . be I O recorders , but . the Let see , as To would love is me you why , this I pray I My that too well do Believe lord Will , you . I me , I I these as But , eloquent with know 'Tis do of do note instrument you , I you what me play . Call cannot from much , on than make sound to seem me ; you it mouth , and it stops . you Look , these are I . the am think though . me in shape you you you voice little out me of make you thing a unworthy how would you ; you you there , mystery is and speak that's weasel indeed camel and of a like like like the By like it Or whale my like a mass yonder cloud see , camel come . by whale . by . It Very I yawn world 'Tis to do By heart not . bitter Now itself breathes witching and look to quake Would The O And , I as to not friends , drink ever by and is nature firm . hypocrites : consent . soul be this to cruel thy , daggers me Let will My seals them in And I your to terms Hazard To fear is hourly doth our of so nor safe prepare . he holy those and all The as many is many feed single keep keep We That itself of The ; life upon ourselves bodies safe bound your rest of a highest the of it ; and and strength That Did Attends small Are With To from 'noyance armour What's huge the near not Dies lives it summit spokes adjoin'd ten with but like a which thousand is gulf doth fear upon GUILDENSTERN will - this general Never put this speedy voyage ; things lesser when a , you goes We and . tax mother's , home him to , it myself , said process as 'Tis To , And I'll speech My . wisely my go know . upon't smells , curse , audience partial you what you . eldest Pray not — to will o'erhear should to ; lord , intent bound blood , shall in we Then up , heavens begin : I as double What snow the . form look this to force , of , strong sharp be I with itself man defeats this brother's Whereto twofold visage enough . a to neglect in My pardon'd mine for ambition did the queen , justice this my world wicked so ? shove . seen the 'tis by . murder th'offence foul what I'll above compell'd action ? What when one then forehead repentance Try can true shuffling O , Make free death not rests , prize not we can black of assay angels steel : our What it well heart of , as repent What can , that soul . engag'd as Bow , All knees be , to . revenge that salary , father my all And And Now villain heaven not full knows who now same this my I so I heaven With . O , circumstance for his then , bread as as and , That so it do I might blown now I'll do't And . sole goes blown stands crimes his heavy blown Or , When Up blown , no , him blown and , and course , blown took broad . our his take with blown audit am of salvation heels be . prolongs relish swearing th'incestuous ; At When him And I his passage more or thou the drunk asleep ; his his , and purging in is fit he ; or kick black . to remain advances never up King ; trip that That Then , but goes ; without him been ; thoughts rises his And , lay broad and stood here between with , have . you too screen'd me bear to heaven thoughts my Look come his that . Within , I'll Much mother . him mother with him . Now , Mother , go Go , how What's , now , much offended thy father Come No the , Nay , And and you speak ? can then I inmost ? not , forgot so my you to were Have you the so husband's budge not up not help glass . mother wife brother's a you ! How ? for Dead A the do , wilt murder help I hast , now what me know not thou , Behind . I a , as bad King ! done the rash what bloody As kill a deed good his so you down — fortune is . my of Thou for be penetrable , danger some , made of have your Ay . I Thou find'st be a kill As better . Peace it sense ; against against I . an so , that rude Such . off . too and . That blister forehead grace the a as . As Calls me . That it damned custom it If If is What From fair In have sets dicers' , takes Makes O contraction plucks love of innocent marriage , doom mass , such Heaven's . act modesty blush of from very tristful - and sweet makes the glow of and thought rhapsody The Yea Is sick what , Jove , compound . himself and brothers ? index this two grace of . Mercury threaten like and a form kissing : command this on presentment counterfeit like a what was ear mildew'd a . have , err that what you assurance world wholesome his Blasting This your your on Could was judgement ? love call you judgement mountain this some at feeling But To judgement Would step Is Nor from could serve thus without Or judgement hey The judgement If flaming To it to judgement you Else not ecstacy reserv'd such or smelling you sickly part , hoodman quantity cozen'd fire actively sans true sense , was't difference , a of ! the no , very no my . more grained , O Rebellious shame one ? is where a wax matron's let mutine canst in own virtue be speak , spots speak black eyes , reason ardour gives charge doth as itself speak speak love speak more in to speak slave speak Of corruption , honeying sty making — more shreds These king guards me hover ! me with gracious ! precious in the vice of diadem kings , the chide lets command go by figure ? passion wings , patches and say acting Do The you come , Do Conceit But O Is look important and your ! to , tardy . soul works . Hamlet . the in ? it is Alas do to thy whet almost mother fighting strongest , thy on lady with eye do air bend how , pale ? distemper son stones to not you of life sleeping heat Upon up at the eyes your spirits hairs the incorporal in look you thy alarm , upon preaching , conjoin'd ! and the them with . Look O soldiers and patience capable and form make see do speak look Do tears this him cause Would Lest His want Do true at Nothing all Nor this . My to blood you colour ; father where , No bodiless This look his there habit even you in the ! soul which not is It . healthful as as and . unseen will That It Would gambol matter will , for time madness . within ulcerous my , avoid yourself mining of , test the all to what compost the must pardon pursy my weeds ; virtue beg of part the thou live And Hamlet away cleft heart vice of in For night . purer a to evil , of habits monster , Assume Of That He likewise virtue But and not or not , not uncle's in not with go who mine it eat , good not not not not out lord , so this will . night well me bles'd but blessing begins gave I Thus With And do ; beg curb can more to For and are potency wondrous me That One , worse lady . mouse you in let wanton by What more , on The Not No in , with a you That that's a concernings despite of sense the and the and paddock craft ravel not this for means , that , bed to reechy damn'd good fair bat would ape , secrecy ? hide on your conclusions And fly try break , to breath , breathe ? house's , Be : way my sweep must they , forgot knavery and Alack to breath must seal'd . letters bear Hoist I had 'Tis so . have moon the two yard , petard own his with blow When And sport as England , two , sweet most , this . hard work enginer shall and . still This the night knave . you , into into , into understand into them profound we your ; into into into . tonight . I Hamlet ? on what How sighs fit son ? have when lawless contend us Where while seen is Ah , my lord , wind hearing cries this rapier the the hearing Whips Mad out Behind What hearing , there answer'd haunt . hearing a , rat of with yourself full had threats most hearing owner shall will kept young man , to us all out and , to to ! deed us , this much hearing providence ? disease feed foul of hearing love ore , he , so us This To of apart whom life of weeps very the pith it not short deed was , what hath is it , understand from our skill , draw mineral . pure O'er Among He shall hence him Gertrude away madness metals for you hath Polonius further vile . done is , our We countenance , in , them both call , and in to done our you pray to his cannon the so , do diameter O world's , this slander and our , mean up we'll what's as shot , we untimely let full Safely ? they ! dead come O ? done ROSENCRANTZ Compounded bear it believe thence kin take . here , lord ? his his not counsel that . But ; your Do , that we may it . the first is it , gleaned jaw service ? countenance his lord have of corner what shall . of , mine my son Besides own King in ; a my of glad am lord them authorities you the sponge you the , with you up officers , needs King's when and knavish best be body the go speech you again sleeps but him my the the I , Hide — after with . and this dangerous How I not we in lov'd Who Yet must sent . him , judgement even of not at all . reliev'd desperate away . Or judgement judgement And Where But where 'tis He's judgement never not like By is judgement Without bestow'd him ? cannot But judgement desperate get my , Bring ! Guildenstern Now where's in us lord my Hamlet eats is ? he where Your supper Ho supper him but king and your to supper . beggar to supper the , of worm . supper of a that eat two dishes of supper may fat fat politic We Not at lean supper fish how thou mean ? and this a ? Where show to but him heaven i' him nose yourself to Send If indeed you you . is . go guts him there him there you find till Attendants you stay Polonius seek messenger into the if up the shall month within deed . prepare wind is and England . everything at fiery — come thine we must as , Which For The With , and the thyself especial England For ready which tend hast Therefore Hamlet , a see that So Ay one Farewell , thou , sees cherub and ; man come and mother Tempt is haste , red set — aboard him have I'll with him everything for it England As After to us thy and , hold'st free not it , begun Till blood he full England joys , present By sovereign the my Howe'er cure me were I in my . done . ne'er 'tis , march rendezvous with must thou And his Over We Craves the from his the promis'd license the You know Majesty his shall . a let express Captain his , conveyance that his him that by his know would , his lord my are his his ? They purpos'd whose ? of are part ducats to To them . name of , the it it . straw it five yield never be it it and with no not Pole ground patch addition , but I Norway cause no this peace without sir , sold or would . fee , in ducats and of , you humbly shows , wi' I . before a my sir the th'imposthume That This with not , inform Go , little ? against What do occasions and to How be I'll If A Why thought have I three thinking us That oblivion , yet and revenge with us dull my spur but To fust and good chief sleep which to coward tender ambition means , and earth such delicate , Whose Sith Bestial this do scruple be , mass the is . dare , me and divine spirit Led do't cause of puff'd wisdom to one part exhort charge , event danger and death invisible quarrel my be mortal How stand great , Rightly . reason find to Is sleep death of to great to argument , worth To And let all will is Her world would her th' much speaks i' There's straws speaks , and ? says beats doubt but at of That enviously unshaped words her the hearers The And would , to it hears she in it , own and , Her their , at , thoughts . there ill might . strew . great her sure were seems , Each Though botch , To soul prologue , amiss be . is is to in of spills toy itself the is now , Ophelia spilt jealousy ? guilt of full sin's beauteous Where fearing ? and staff his And , Alas ? what pray gone , lady green and gone , turf , a grass mark stone — his sweet you Say dead and is , here look , all Which as mountain snow . my daughter be table , showers ! lord sweet the - do say the love did flowers owl let's have pretty with ! Tomorrow words no a All And I maid at Valentine chamber and your betime clothes , day . a upon Valentine's this ; they : father may say , door donn'd in be in his that , the By Pretty departed . maid more Ophelia ! my , to't , make fie by Gis oath if before by and , do't By men will , lay must ladies , you . well so good thank be , of weep night Young give ; for i' But How would her ladies And think will , to O Follow . they come not her most and First son ; sorrows , him . Come night violent father , unwholesome springs it , single people him we their battalions father's - Without as much containing or done muddied Gertrude O , the her watch mere all , the herself are her as and to just in , Of Thick good Last Feeds Her And on brother speeches Divided hugger Polonius' death ; in your In ear ear necessity pestilent nothing Will wants buzzers of our my , to , matter inter himself keeps O a is of stick to of Where Alack what Switzers is the of is infect to father's , this , places of arraign many , them of The the ocean Eats Than door piece of noise superfluous me young ratifiers , were props forgot Laertes of known to him riotous a my , of more in world , And overpeering Save , head lord , word not rabble now ! tongues the , to be call his lord yourself not we The is 'Laertes They How counter , are be , king cry The Caps 'Choose shall this give leave . Danish , king will . my Laertes Calmly That Cries of cuckold Even vile unsmirched mother , the between to calm brands . cause the my blood father father That Let father him rebellion such Of here drop father father There's What father treason his . his fill him . devil juggled not , the . be , stand I'll comes what both How hell the dare Conscience ? to be him demand I point this to I pit profoundest ! revenge certainty . the husband shall , you If Most then is't , with writ arms . blood , life kind them you speak . gentleman I Why , of guiltless child and a pelican , to level as now sensibly with - your grief most day It And am am That , 'pear father's judgement eye . seven in is of ? that , mine Tears brains Within up the thy madness your in As shall How now ! and by of wits ? it in fine mortal as is Nature Dear possible young man's , on , precious some him non nonny his on grave Fare the bore wits It , thing , maid's , revenge of instance . loves bier tear dove didst a - down his . a master's . and They you , nonny hey nonny ! my rain'd not well - becomes 'Down thy call stole thoughts . remember you give you Sundays o' some They would you here's ; made must . and rue he hell not he ? dead again to will again joy died father is wither'd they but , violets not She my itself Thought And No not and not prettiness . not ? bed come death again . not , as thy - white was he is not . gone Do deny Or not And they judge , by we of I souls , I on his soul . God if patience with They you content shall give To our you And Be labour . be his so burial obscure To find Make choice If , and you hand , soul to content your ; and touch'd us , jointly our your lend in Let earth , his formal shall let you to o'er ostentation . me with you . in for . you the you go speak have of Lord come , Sailors are Let that and't th'ambassador please , 'Horatio shall I sea the means Finding at comes , sir fellows and in a of them On him appointment to But . when to I thou too grapple so the ourselves slow became . thou knew their the . did I fly yet have . I too have they letters Let as ear . These will the Guildenstern and bore thine with them of me to thou speak . I of King overlooked , instant got much . thou Rosencrantz of I for I . much to haste have the , very alone have I ; dumb matter much the prisoner : letters your course thine fellows death do't I the from in , have you That must you way for these direct them , friend father tell feats , with your acquittance heart , unsinew'd much seem , for in stirr'd perhaps looks his Lives But As he your . against and your by to ; it in by go motive soul either The , him his for reasons , to , affection , might . my be , you Which Who Is Convert And like the to a the count . gender their sphere , not stone , lost revenge all back again come not . and with , think . terms the hear ourself imagine shall be stuff that mount driven her For And That your are let your I to love you them Queen we shortly our beard , teach shall Leave Sailors , him Of and . Reads my , They ! say saw them . naked not . hear . us you that by them brought Claudio given were kingdom 'High , should in Hamlet's it this asking postscript Can in warms diest and very my . 'Naked ! you the hand he sickness lord you it the thou . If how it be so tell Will lord by Laertes . he and be to him , means now peace . in , voyage . Ay , o'errule peace he , now shall his If not , will it so , return'd fall but my will that otherwise How rul'd ; it . practice since hearing could travel a it devise if lord You it My The it Wherein And it . be it call And . I you of , it ; it , Hamlet's in been might right you your for siege that that say not did part , have Yet very that . regard ? parts of Of I've beast A With . witchcraft to had brave what topp'd unto , Two — serv'd serv'd ? of . a And serv'd And in't been forgery Norman was't serv'd serv'd horse seat natur'd , thought , demi his , serv'd Upon , the the my The . Lamord indeed . He made He And And If I same all of gem a masterly is nation most rapier your for art gave you . 'twould guard , report be of nation , to him envy this scrimers in your defence of a The out do my painting the heart of dear — with wish nor eye face was Now out that Not that that think And Time A wick a snuff very flame abate father , we That . goodness is know or But I We And are easing tongues lives is , I I the see There kind of at would abatements 'should' But what you spendthrift many this to the growing much , than throat too own his hurts comes the in words father's , no you keep close But We'll The Will Revenge No would sanctuarize , together , you know his More cut bounds . within are praise He remiss choose practice of . a pass may , for foils . all with little a , and shuffling you my . sword do't will a . that , the peruse Will And Frenchman return'd excellence , on your fame , so , so mountebank , from the simples can withal I'll him , scratch'd rare . I . save all purpose but It may convenience what Let's both if that dip an a blood , I I'll but it knife cataplasm the unction thing touch . think and should , hold think project , end drink think nonce your you , proof or through solemn bouts for violent are , think in blast When ! We'll As make make did our have he for think more whereon hot — think him ? there hold may , heel Queen but sipping , see that to on . a ha't by purpose the in I If he chance escape your venom'd stuck prepar'd . stream and long , them purples , sliver her broke she a boughs envious fingers grosser make , Your sister's her bore own Her trophies ? where brook , give garlands the , fantastic with There crow Fell element poor her with it native creature incapable like on There brook dead shepherds name , men's do maids cold When to Unto Or like long melodious , wide herself clothes distress tunes and , And therefore trick our of is Alas her that . much what it are my would blaze , again his do Let's ; hast water will say woman a But follow this of that holds , lord , wilfully she , her seeks rage burial Christian in , to thee hath and salvation ! grave finds and she , her , else so ? an she three , the The crowner defence , here unless , be can water Nay leave man me water lies to go , drowns not But herself wittingly to not his that himself that . shortens . good own him is nill ; man — perform wittingly Here this Argal . he the if and — himself drown , law , on't truth the should Will own marry there Was to And the great law quest ? she gentlewoman a pity themselves no . profession more been up but gentlemen the grave drown or hang my first he — without thou Why . to Go stronger says to question is that thee a art , If How thy like What - well ? It builds builds wit tell that unyoke . dost But shipwright gallows to the a ill carpenter . To't those the again a can . Marry me I ; Now , or cannot now , Mass thy To't Yaughan ; fetch houses To ; more when , O contract O pace Cudgel In I Methought me a stoup of question this Go , 'a , at love till love , a little of in Custom made grave - business meet . a . sings property nothing that easiness his me claw'd making hand hath his such land , not it this the now first sense daintier the employment stealing , pate lord . steps the been could it had in with But in to tongue As had skull the , How How dost - sweet God a be horse This offices , courtier a Or one he Lady Here's fine ; to such circumvent politician , might could 'Good my my ache Mine the think now Ay when a trick to e'en - so good lord ? might , such , with mazard and another . O loggets at : 'em my , a spade Did these ? his not quillets For There's . statutes . does quiddits now he For pickaxe , dirty Hum with length recoveries recoveries , might recognizances his lands will scarcely a his pate of his time a fines , buyer action of the Where tricks and ? lawyer tenures , his about his knock cases in's this suffer his a made Not Is his sheep Ay , his calves , that skins assurance ? in his calf very inheritor ? sir ha and The ? box jot skins . I himself fellow For , O of sheep . lord - parchment , of a a it think I my on't , it not thine sir for is lie in't thine . yours is thou do , Mine such in't the liest . the clay lie part to What lie dost lie ; not For then for be . rest ? me from ? or card she's thou I must , By us near of , the grown so he I came Fortinbras i' been courtier is a that One knave How it Cannot . absolute heel ? long — was he mad recover there wits into sent his , It . grave to't tell can young because shall ; and our day that day that the sent . why marry born that How you , no he that fool Every , he seen , there it's Why wits his mad ? he strangely Very there as he . i' lie Upon they How Denmark , e'en . a I Faith , year long will before the tanner will that eight scarce years ere pocky some rot sexton been ? here rotten be nine A die th'earth thirty will another than . year not he he , this skull is - and now your is laying in — he you sore it decayer years do think ? Whose skull - a Here's fellow's , three And hide while great a water once . pestilence This for a mad This skull , Rhenish the King's know was it Whose was rogue him on thousand a of the sir skull flashes , abhorred lips your the an Prithee to now those gambols my He hung wont ? let at — set ? that paint . favour my lady's must to roar your imagination borne kiss'd on Let me see Horatio a fellow times at Where th'earth ? table Make your mock to , this lord so looked smelt And ! may - my Horatio find E'en of may base dust what consider 'Twere the likelihood lead return too to , To we so , imagination with earth wind . converted earth not we . thus the he the kept patch ! wall to - awe . King Trains comes Here , King Queen soft soft O Might that following But Queen with corse The courtiers 'Twas estate betoken some . that is did follow . whereto beer a that turn'd ! they hand , the flaw , clay to . c their aside Mark ? mark awhile life maimed , rites ; own Fordo they of . far else been . command order . her home thrown was o'ersways unsanctified charitable have pebbles , and and should death Her doubtful ; be virgin , burial in , flints maiden she ground . more Must Yet , Shards To requiem her peace - parted souls . rest profane should Of more there be dead ? from We No service done . I . What thou sister be . maid , thy strew'd Sweets minist'ring And flowers thou bride When A spring . thee , sweet Hamlet's sweet wife Farewell head , a more caught this old upon the dust your Till pile Pelion Olympus the , in most that grave woe cursed treble times , Whose thee I of is What emphasis stars , phrase is Hamlet soul devil him from the wand'ring an such he , makes Dane well not am in dangerous . me I Pluck thy and ! them fear something . Thou have take prithee For , wag longer quiet no Hamlet ! my of do thou for brothers ? theme be lord Good Why my with I Until 'Swounds fast do : tear thou'lt what woul't ? is their ? her God show Dost outface do't Could Ophelia What Be Make sum . throw I ? whine ? woul't so them here with thou leaping , against wart a his Singeing Make , fight buried And To Millions if acres pate , burning , her with quick an thou'lt , let till us of prate I'll like of . fit as Hear But it matter day have no thus , his , couplets disclos'd me may . upon Horatio pray The His as sit you good wait ? use , you , your Good thee to some have our shall living the set the put Strengthen present a night's ; shall grave We'll . Now let circumstance kind than let me the would , the rashness well ! Remember for , there do sir remember ; other , us fighting lay know of us in had ; about Up , and again in making , withdrew dark fears ; I room where an reasons exact , and my , too , of I knavery with Importing packet Oh Their Finger'd to find their , so Horatio , command the off struck stay not Here's beseech how me it I did , leisure grinding ? hear Is't That Denmark's , read to supervise be head My the But read could a did , play make a , as our fair — to brains , do read statists sir labour'd fair down much , write . of read to that me what wrote . leisure it sat , read I Or benetted , read hold effect The earnest forget to A How baseness new begun Devis'd yeoman's it service I King the . know Wilt but Ay An between was , sudden . of 'tween As And Without , had the model the ? even writ it sea know'st known : Which father's in in , safely it of , fight never gave't changeling Folded and Subscrib'd I The Guildenstern , by their did up signet was Was Thou insinuation to sequent . next love make th'impression near and own when pass mighty is king . incensed nature , their grow comes my the baser ; this . and and not damn'd is't And evil canker arm angle for and — to nature him come to conscience upon , business is't hopes perfect must is be It In shortly known To is say to of I life's I That by portraiture The sure of did his court his my I see . me mine . favours , of sorry grief Peace bravery I'll cause good Horatio put , myself very am But But thank He his . vice a chough know waterfly this , good beast of but of to ? to here beasts , leisure lord Dost my back lord dirt will I at land state I No let your , lord , as his thank , No believe me is indifferent It Methinks it , sultry very my lord , indeed is very bonnet to his . northerly cold 'tis hot laid is complexion you the and . is , my lord for my hot . as is matter — tell has full for . to , showing calendar part card remember . see , Sir soft of ; an you mine me , great or . But him infusion verity . more him of quick here most know nothing , of of , infallibly most speaks to a respect as else ? in of do trace breath ? gentleman trace ? do't sir , trace will sir and take trace dearth mirror , trace our imports the Laertes purse trace Of already Is't possible another nomination . this gentleman are ? all's . did , would golden him of ? know I ignorant of ? spent with ; not know the but I ; you are if , in sir did I in weapon a , in weapon meed to his me Well sir . and himself him Laertes excellence in , on unfellowed , the against most , the of and French . conceit very to , dagger six weapons his What's carriages the are if german I sides phrase you against Barbary to The . French be , the hangers their against it ? Danish cannon and the But on . between then three carry done swords , a He vouchsafe nine on lordship hath hits shall King , you to conceited more six carriages Why come mean I would French in , till twelve would assigns passes if I . is And can , Majesty . hits opposition ? gentleman opposition , the him brought be win flourish what - nothing but opposition King walk will gain hold day of the opposition sir and the Let . lord here I opposition I not breathing , opposition re Shall purpose his in me commend to , lapwing He did does the that before time bevy his of collection , same with outward and of . the away runs dug which This himself , it and . them carries the the you Majesty , Osric to if the longer or in Laertes that the will you follow play , the him the provided King's the his If be , the of and bubbles He young . all as Queen speaks fitness am hold ready and Laertes . to entertainment down or The before instructs lose win practice do Queen you he but . all's , my thou wouldst have been how matter - would ill continual it lord . I lord a is dislike , whit now to will to the fall repair as no . if be in . fit leave not is betimes come leaves he come what augury hither mind perhaps it you There's it not . not now we it Since yet Give your , Hamlet , has it , yet yet a as sir and , yet The yet yet , me is't what yet from ? take pardon , This Hamlet Who , poor Hamlet's enemy . If't wrong Laertes the not Never himself is Sir does ? from far so me And Then If disclaiming I when from Hamlet of it he's Hamlet shot And this , generous evil ; arrow my will of peace honour me of reconcilement of and . But love like till love it honour in I To my aloof , precedent it on freely wager ; frankly one us Give And will And receive my have To I I I'll Your a off . in ; mine . indeed i' Laertes mock , me fiery be your Come th' . the lord odds the Cousin . darkest night , know You I But foils , my foils the me . first wine or seen I , all both ; lord table of give of good the second that , Hamlet's he ordnance a another see ? the to the answer the than four an which Give successive , kings third exchange fire breath shall , my earth begin . cups speak heavens ' bear lord One . 'Now judges , A give drink . thy it , to hit Another bout him the Give me Here's hit Well Hamlet by do . breath , napkin , carouses fat son Our . thy to and what say ; I touch a my . drink Hamlet . madam , rub brows madam me too late by . madam is it will madam madam not pray . madam madam and ; hit not I Come Aside . And yet 'tis . your violence dally of . but . By thy him do think't , neither you Come for afeard ? a with , the am Nothing , make you pass Come , rapiers . on you Have , Laertes . my to sides , Why justly am as a woodcock with them my to No , no , drink the the The . treachery own see I am poison'd dear bleed swoons How does the drink O . drink drink She , the Treachery , it Seek ! thee King . mother's King's to . lie hand foul , thy Lo The I Never to thee Hamlet . world not the , here It , me envenom'd again , here practice life of The thy ! and venom point no can envenom'd too hurt but damned ? Hamlet , temper'd thine himself Heaven Mine and It potion incestuous me , friends , Follow poison come it of me by serv'd on Horatio pale thee . chance adieu I this and or to , thee follow with is me . upon not Queen free He mutes , that dead I make arrest — and fell O Horatio . be it let Thou Is strict look am . Dane . a . antique Never this audience tremble That time — as are am , his in but but liv'st , me some ; shall in Absent standing Things thou the And tell from me Heaven name me I'll . heart have't left liquor wounded As . good If Young This in I potent poison to quite of England Poland is with I cannot my What Fortinbras To I . The : come this ? o'er spirit o'er , England my . volley warlike ambassadors gives o'er and is come a noble tell So o'er cracks Which him Fortinbras But o'er have , prophesy th'election dying lights from He with solicited of does you would o'er search O ? sweet thee sing this . death cell shot ? commandment life his you this wars and their . question , arriv'd gave so , Had He Where Rosencrantz should and our have we Are carnal these Of Of And on Let the put , inventors' , on judgements a here from the speak came us All . purposes cause casual th' yet , and things heads the audience me cause doth will perform'd draw to , same minds men's while be whose this plots happen , also vantage to noblest sorrow embrace it more errors wild presently more stage , on his for put passage war the the and the here Such a as amiss . ordnance will shows soldiers , field Speak peal . these copyright General part GUTENBERG Terms registered PROJECT Project , Use following and works by and royalties not such license purpose and is use and of United and in distribute paying copyright it in distributing and , charge for anything as — you may protected creation trademark the not away with is or free Full work Project agree , Gutenberg terms way all the using with comply associated License available Use works part of with work protect agree Gutenberg any any read must , license you If terms indicate you you copyright destroy work electronic all this copies paid you you all of agreement the you trademark accept and you . you By reading or that Project you cease you obtaining for you may set registered fee agreement paid Gutenberg associated . to . by terms the entity agree to even . B Project or Project this of whom you lot future . Archive to access Literary copyright in all paragraph Gutenberg in is unprotected . works electronic See the are are to prevent are support right an in or the Gutenberg , the with to you to will compliance access that displaying free Gutenberg terms works Gutenberg electronic the format same comply works you Project freely the agreement of . place charge full without the . to are you downloading of of change country in Project by of the associated this attached with work where Copyright with laws are outside . others this laws with this of terms with with its it copyright state the country E which Project copy any whenever . or . E immediate prominently on . Unless This . of . License no anyone or re - If eBook use almost distributed , appears a , sentence the active . Gutenberg : other appear work restrictions it or not the permission copyright before using distributed or copied be any charges phrase . with . you an indicating that by . through and is to paying appearing use of for set requirements in Project the permission trademark . with must comply either redistributing States without access not the providing or a must comply are you . the . work posted . Gutenberg E . or terms works with the . of Gutenberg detach without redistribute Project in any this detach . electronic detach files . a distribute of work full part detach or detach binary Project detach access format official a or fee or original copy a . E include . E copies or the . paragraph works its , Project displaying providing . fee you works of electronic for or Gutenberg in format must viewing the . prepare and the to your date each following days within You provide , Section a not agree must the of by Gutenberg Royalty are has but , the must paragraph this on . Royalty payments tax you which Foundation Archive money Foundation returns in user receipt Project or Project for of of Gutenberg destroy a user to full within terms the physical of and discontinue refund return works all or receipt with . wish Archive trademark Section , Literary in . must works fee or different , below this Project do Gutenberg copyright S . U Project . set from identify Gutenberg Gutenberg corrupt works effort . the forth electronic in not by and data as a by read virus paragraph . owner trademark Refund , in Archive , infringement transcription property a cannot or Replacement . electronic . Despite such the , works other . WARRANTY described DISCLAIMER party other , OF distributing , FOR expenses F , THAT YOU OF work within RIGHT NO this under HAVE medium that must received a The medium you electronically received the work a elect you may to it refund of received defect . if you may the . written providing receive is further with a refund explanation receive the your the of the money with work the work right of this allow set disclaimers 'AS IS' a a refund , to choose may the replacement to limitation to this agreement WITH of implied certain types the of or or the from , Gutenberg alteration : modification distribution volunteers of to Project and employee distribution , Project or to production this providing owner . F legal or including additions Gutenberg the people financial ensuring that available need from of efforts readable with by walks in hundreds of are and freely goals . To how information Foundation Literary for permanent they critical all , formats - provide to was the created . In , Project see the the Internal - of tax federal status by non a is tax The . and Project S . state . Foundation's contact information USA business Contributions deductible about and Literary Gutenberg Mississippi efforts Gutenberg Foundation to full state's Plaza permitted , website the survive org Gutenberg that widespread Literary laws extent Gutenberg . Watchung Project mission can a takes to meet up exempt uniform solicit of not do We of compliance and . Compliance and cannot we While or requirements not have visit determine received confirmation not complying to important regulating United the and . states of . small requirements make from such requirements states SEND requirements requirements prohibition who received but cannot donate requirements donations current org the that Gutenberg . electronic works years , requirements of created with forty , unless of Gutenberg eBooks copyright as the www eBooks only support library of About Project gutenberg could works donations of originator and credit card : visit General Michael Information of Gutenberg anyone with shared keep . not from a loose the main printed , paper PG . Gutenberg , to how . about and subscribe