. unfold King Stand ? the Barnardo Stand He upon Stand your Stand Stand Stand most Stand Stand come think I And you O , Say good honest . you who , soldier has my Give ! him , of appear'd Welcome this A piece Holla , What , Welcome Horatio has With He , approve if again the let says not dreaded And will sight have our this Touching us tush , this minutes watch Sit so let Therefore Where Peace the , And us burns In Looks it ; to it fear . dead . Horatio . this that thou What scholar . Most like art Together which with march sometimes the that In ! How , Horatio , gone ! not Is ! it not Of God my like mine the What own When He smote So Thus now this impress sit bodes Doth for daily the in But divide not And mart cast of of , subject such foreign nightly shipwrights Sunday now most ; prick'd , Did Did the Whose , the combat Fortinbras ratified he forfeit Sunday gaged King ; which had competent those all to moiety , by ; our to ; so which in a , Our of emulate by Thereto so slay seiz'd his of this life law side this Against , Well which To vanquisher inheritance been ; other , and some enterprise , resolutes lawless and here mettle of the , appear . motive watch of stomach in't unto is state , there Norway hot skirts unimproved , e'en like King : portentous these . rummage the sort be and main it no armed is that other think was may most mightiest mind's of question and and the Roman palmy the but eye . the and the star sheeted fire Neptune's fierce , streets doomsday of events . of still fates dews and on moist precurse together demonstrated , stands empire countrymen eclipse and the earth blood , the coming , climatures to and preceding . use , Speak be any Speak to fate me , to sound . though it ease or blast do to me . be me to thy foreknowing country's grace thing may good any If thou may That Which Extorted if , Or Shall if strike I 'Tis 'Tis , We wrong 'Tis do it being the And For our was then Upon about To vain malicious , violence invulnerable mockery of the It Whether his in the Awake god day ; trumpet the and , the in or sea cock Doth The And to , his Some say It This To The Wherein faded bird And , they of fairy o'er Walks we , I have So No But the you , shall our in consent , So look Let This Let's Where Cornelius , acquaint shall , know conveniently , and one fought with him nature woe whole , marriage ; gone freely have barr'd in defeated eye , thanks our worth , death , all to of those out us bonds all this So pester of and disjoint the his most valiant with surrender , fail'd with Colleagued He our . bed proportions ; that full nephew's His further , his good Giving to you we in purpose and to show . we let and and that In To For You The are made all personal , your , and allow your Norway than haste CORNELIUS Of We it things King no this of you the dilated the scope farewell with you ? asking Dane , Laertes is't What : some And And That shall not is hand is What Your the You lose us voice The your more be of the what's not instrumental , the , the mouth Denmark , to beg thou Laertes lord return to your toward done Denmark , slow leave says me at my from leave wishes duty though To From . But Take I fair best , my little than thy be . you , my ! kind you , my i' much , on off vailed friend . dust Denmark hang still , be through madam , Ay Nor nor dejected For with are the the suits of show play ; indeed breath , is it , seems it Why Together can That they , mourning trappings I But 'Tis and To obstinate obsequious , know these commendable which and father the term persevere and and , your and , condolement . must An what heart That But and These and the we Fie and heart Why As to any A against should most be our peevish a to heaven , common sense to , reason the so be must 'This Take a understanding unfortified most mind unschool'd , impatient , and , vulgar as ; earth to today opposition fault cried , theme died you and pray he absurd till who common whose ' for father are You of a the with dearest you retrograde back impart that In It Do Than no We think of throw your intent , son , his Wittenberg desire in , you bend cousin thy mother , lose obey courtier in I the Here And we and cheer Let unforc'd unforc'd unforc'd unforc'd His unforc'd unforc'd That unforc'd unforc'd two But By Let beteem Like beteem Would beteem beteem beteem beteem beteem beteem father's brother A , on fed it not A Than yet . such dexterity most in her it wicked unrighteous tears . tongue to ! month more . well ? you , friend ever , The I see lord servant good Marcellus glad what But , My you see to , make disposition not faith you that name ? good truant would I Nor A shall you truster do My lord I I know you are affair ere father's student wedding hard my , methinks my Horatio do prithee Thrift Did coldly I father Or think to lord follow'd dearest , look for like him once think him shall ; take upon I all eye my man him . yesternight may gentlemen for my King father a to hear gentlemen . deliver while I me on , and For God's love let had waste encounter'd thus Appears Goes By his Almost Stand truncheon's before their speak dreadful In , to at . exactly , stately oppress'd jelly with fear ; length and by them whilst - the and I with they Form The lord But lifted the And away loud address methought . would haste , down me ? foot . he , my My he he he he he eyes pale red , he Nay Pale Most he he . a it long . moderate I . life again you 'twill beard I Perchance I'll speak If And Give will I though though platform . eleven visit loves , but though itself person father's sight , though , though all though though tongue ye , though honour you duty then doubt some still father's the o'erwhelm them the do sleep . men's my , of toy primy nature that ? benefit minute , of but more No so ? alone temple , now , soul fear besmirch . not his own , do his on this that says loves body subject it you , subject no place circumscrib'd choice his state subject subject not depends subject subject subject he ; subject is and far Then and his of so wisdom . and must of therefore his deed of what saying of in fits As May he It with of heart Ophelia keep itself The Or And of Too of of If of lose credent ear you your of , my . affection . youth , is rear shot galls , Contagious the the The of chariest her to calumnious strokes moon enough the the of liquid and infants . keep brother of most safety puff'd thorny stay I itself rebels , good lesson , with sail for grace . his path recks the O long blessing , my thy thought no tried shame you memory , blessing . entertainment steel . in . shoulder There few Give . any Nor Those But each do - hast thou thou And thy soul palm quarrel may , but Costly every , Of Bear't man thine of and borrower a not , they most the : follow , must Thou And Farewell blessing , my not thine this nor leave as nor a lender rank man nor ; station thee nor you invites do nor nor nor to and nor my servants nor of key yourself 'Tis remember , go humbly time Farewell What shall , well in Ophelia . late and put 'tis , What private time — to audience me he as yourself clearly . the touching something Lord yourself . tenders girl call you my Pooh Of ! in his , lord perilous Unsifted know think tenders what as circumstance . me like Which are not not sterling ta'en teach crack the wind tender ; yourself I a You he it — you not you believe such My fashion , And hath you'll to Running call may Or lord you at for than the given , the springes almost it to , lord , know daughter both making Hamlet young , few In For higher . rate ; Ophelia walk . given dye mere any so not , talk sanctified their a so Believe with his a Than command be that believe Do Than may of But to As Look shall ; air I give , Have season . to wont . air eager shrewdly bites Wherein spirit King ? think What hour is his takes his . struck of , It held , and and out thus this wake wassail The - his Rhenish of swaggering and of custom is't born manner mind Ay though observance tax'd revel breach the the More This us achievements - to So addition drunkards am native is the other our of marrow , headed swinish it height , phrase men . complexion origin , in custom a west at attribute nature too , manners pales o'ergrowth , wherein the habit , I some down their chances and our Soil pith of of of Shall that all of substance scandal . of of of evil as of , that some of Oft of o'erleavens these , of , Fortune's or the , say virtues From Thou com'st , noble general Doth spirit To the his own That to , their saw up thee Have Why thy me , will burst we ! the , moon complete . O , call , of glimpses beyond thoughts ? the shake and we our Wherefore reaches , alone you some go away To you if you to courteous with it . with do not Look It waves more means . I . lord follow ground what a action But if What That Which And o'er toward I'll do a the be set soul not a my Being for And waves beetles there into puts toys of of desperation into follow my , me roar beneath lord . your hands . to the every still many waves rul'd Hold hardy And I , a ! away I'll call'd . me lion's Unhand , him Nemean 'tis ; Have after desperate To fit will Denmark him let's will I'll flames . I . will almost and up render Mark further me . come sulph'rous hearing . thou , bound poor myself ghost am I but thy unfold to I to Speak thou So the tell foul burnt To two I for for I am thy a crimes confin'd term certain to walk the in days of nature , word young , is best unnatural swift . of thoughts I , the in foul , or ease be thee shouldst find sweep know't to May to duller And As the fat , ear death noble of whole father's . uncle prophetic that with gifts his , his my of , of seduce his his his The his To his of his to , what went it me will The That I Though those wicked So O to mine her hand Hamlet wretch But lewdness lust And itself in on prey . custom Brief let Sleeping of thy the within my air link'd bed ; orchard uncle . celestial heaven of shape a a in though But soft With the leperous as quicksilver sudden vigour it body through of courses the man ; posset into about , sin my head my to ! my ! nature thee most ; it not . contrive soul thy her well incest . this let her thee to fire once be , heaven lodge to ! the the the the the , adieu glow the - 'gins And the , Adieu you host the couple I you , hell bear But thou , this poor In , I'll wipe of books That And youth the thy Within Unmix'd O with tables . may smile I least am uncle , 'Adieu It Within Within . Within Illo ho How What Good No I Not then you , There's ne'er But no needs , Why so , right And it hold your as For every is as Look it are but I'm sorry There's by Saint much an offence honest is as are Nor I , my lord my , have , Upon In faith sworn , my upon Indeed sword lord faith . truepenny the indeed , thou to Beneath Swear , in cellarage sword . again that this oath the my have . this lay speak your ? that by Swear we'll Come to gentlemen shift Then Swear heard upon sword Canst Once day in , A , And you , strange as more therefore and as a night things in dreamt of Than Here , As 'Well With Or That we That you So and know Or by encumber'd put an seeing this 'We , of head doubtful phrase and be , this need — to Hamlet your as me is your us to gentlemen ; your pray . in go your So friending your lips and commend . your , together spite your . your Reynaldo . this him I will visit you shall You Before well Enquire , and What By they That Than you Take thus in part part him But if't Addicted so What forgeries may As , sir As Ay Quarrelling , That's not my meaning : but of in savageness and flash A blood this , general my Wherefore Ay my And laying these it fetch of that do you lord , I Marry 'twere a a , should sir thing in ever youth closes you Having Your The He , And then Very sir , mass the By does , I 'friend was — He At with , There bait do of Your you Or or And in well . let ply music inclination my I my him my . my matter ? the my been I , in , name have , what's my so of doublet to , my , other hell . of my me before love he , for ? it ; go , King the me desperate went — undertakings . under any him our is go This with the property passion to letters as and me mad heed and my age sort he younger the to beshrew go being , for than which utter Guildenstern you provoke . you did heard it inward man hath put be and to should it the th'understanding young little time so of so to here in humour with , call that of his by youth himself , thus , will you , you our to gather , within remedy our lies . glean thus of are talk'd there much will awhile hath men he , your your by Put the give Guildenstern your at , more power . you . and gentle instantly to where Hamlet , son I And My Thanks And , these Thanks Guildenstern beseech you bring . gentlemen Go Rosencrantz gentle make much Heavens O speak , cause not Hunts As Give first us'd hath it be very The news the that to of Thyself My shall admittance He do grace and but your all of queen them great , them to ; feast . hath and source me doubt , Well my , and our what Welcome fair Say Voltemand we His I , our nephew's a from good friends , age he whereat , truly the 'gainst Highness into your preparation be so Highness Highness Highness To On That borne from vow Makes Highness Was Highness Fortinbras Highness Highness Gives three an might please That With entreaty dominions of are night well we'll home this consider'd likes safety this give herein you therein set for it your us It think and more for , thank time read allowance enterprise regards Go to Answer rest your we Meantime Why day nothing Your , And Therefore tediousness . brief the to , Your waste brevity night Your since Were Your but be be that Your let but it Your will I Your Your is't What I I I have remains I For , this rather we farewell I I I I I me gather obedience whilst she thus this of by cause , vile . 'beautified' hear . move doth awhile ; sun I am , Ophelia dear sun sun Thine evermore sun sun sun sun This hath time hath sun mine by his means his she to , daughter this whilst solicitings me of faithful how But man you do think . so this I would When I As receiv'd I love your a play'd had I If Or Hamlet my you This What might look'd mistress this heart the winking love I receive thus ' think upon And 'Lord must be . That Admit Which to to he young into , she no done And Hath there you think we It have from lead try we may You sometimes he lobby walks know he Here four Not , if me the centre , truth is this I it circumstances . to . daughter then not , fall'n love reason a thereon . for assistant a no behind he arras So such a At I , presently I'll board him Then honest be sun walk i' daughter by th' may that ; truly at How me gone . say in to he not this . What Words the , matter him my is I said again words , Between you who that the matter For the . that tree ; yourself you potently , my ? yet , Into o' happiness means prosperously , not , lord contrive A out walk madness air grave meeting of I will be often delivered most that me take life , my life I take between my my which pregnant , and leave of life of humbly anything These tedious seek Polonius save you ! dost ! sir . earth of the dear how are are soles Nor On about her my lord . of we that in , Happy Then you parts the is None near But but of lord Fortune . your you lord good is not are being think so too it narrow either . is for you your Why , God I , dreams space 'tis , then thinking ambitious A hold I and , Which Truly , beggars' Then are our friendship that dear it I the visit Is friends ? dear dear I dear dear , dear But anything confession dear colour to dear dear teach by , fellowship ever charge you Nay tell and but secrecy will I your wherefore ; goodly exercises most firmament frame , no other this piece , What goes this goes canopy goes I goes goes thing in apprehension form goes the to roof than is goes Man your delights of paragon angel an goes majestical of the , like in And air , fretted me work moving And man And ? of quintessence a And , animals smiling was , laugh And no and And yet seem And 'Man , And entertainment and the service ; shall blank tickle ? his target ; the peace tragedians in halt of o' th' sere reputation in — the . both and late in ? when they their lady for't her mind freely residence both , of ways I followed they Do ? clapped in the goose Who 'em ? dare them but grow not . on ; there rusty is , fashion top of thither that scarce and How sing to can succession own ; they escoted players they as ? them in while are ? twenty . those too and , little . could 'Sblood , philosophy , with comply you you players out it more than apiece ducats him ; for mouths a in at make would is , of this Elsinore is to Elsinore garb lest outward welcome west from Elsinore wind lord appear the are more my Elsinore appurtenance Elsinore - like entertainment which Elsinore and dear mother than Let . players Elsinore . a I , is . Elsinore my - Well with north When the , gentlemen each of out , you will : you not for at an Rome actor in you When , Roscius . actor The are hither players Mark was . so indeed come . tell My lord buzz Buzz lord came Upon , scene , comedy . on actors Seneca comical Then The best - Israel , world comical cannot too heavy what , lord ? more Plautus These liberty , judge unlimited law of of daughter he Aside not i' I have Jephthah love I well which Why and loved on where lord ? As and chanson , then by follows . is . when my ! I . know wot , Masters . God to Denmark ladyship cracked within the us anything taste give , fly than I like you of or , valanc'd , heaven your see What , pleased I cried once the for the to caviare , well judgements I as and , the others , an modesty million if , a lord a speech . above heard thee whose not play , and loved where memory begin at this , let tale so , let : it it as the make , the excellent received with top , set no . slaughter to . thereabout , in mine much of the were , called handsome of in down , no nor but , very by matter chiefly of the The lay couched not 'Twas he It Black especially as he heraldry fathers impasted and like eyes Now With dread dismal the sable smear'd foot trick'd horridly Head — whose , he black gules mothers with the , him proceed with , grandsire o'ersized thus lord , well Pyrrhus at drives the But with Repugnant to his to , my Th'unnerved Priam falls on of falls , match'd Unequal lies Greeks , command to feel and , whiff Pyrrhus' , base declining i' , his against , the , the Pyrrhus stick , stand after region ; as in as reverend tyrant will seem'd to Did a the Priam to his ear new Cyclops' Pyrrhus' sword , thunder Pyrrhus' proof on him so and speechless often fall , less take and strumpet Fortune . eterne pause forg'd forg'd rend Mars's , the low is power forg'd wheel — bawdry forg'd shall It for forg'd And bowl the out forg'd general barber's In Now , forg'd 'Mobled ; Say good mobled a or jig This to , is loins that and o'erteemed head flames a fear tongue and , had But did with A have caught , A — instant When A In mincing things Unless A A Where With Run A this 'Gainst The Would A made passion his , the sword A she . and has A gods eyes not Pyrrhus of move them at Good . heaven of made , make clamour eyes , hear this of ? better report are well have while you a . them and rest more has not And speak turn'd they them Take and man after . the , whipping , more merit , your a tomorrow his their every sirs bad epitaph than were you in friends my lord you friend hear . is Ay Can you not for You , could of . in't speech . play some would which , To till , lines my Follow that Ay I ? lord lord My , my set look , my am ! my am here I . my my to You and my well in a his my , and distraction his a in , monstrous rogue b' Now slave alone visage nothing , in's for ? or , to for he cue the her the Hecuba Could A weep to his of player I , conceit do aspect wan'd ; all to ? function And his so soul Tears With cleave That Like A very Make I forms to him For ear drown and and ears . indeed the appal the amaze free with he passion with tears speech , I , ignorant the the the guilty - muddy a coward across my the my most dear a ? gives me take ! Who me As Ha 'Swounds I Prompted or and i' ? for this : kites villain , the region bawdy villain words , with drab , have upon't ! sitting the Foh my a ! unpack revenge I ! kindless , lecherous vengeance of very hell murder'd father is . Bloody , presently , brave , heard I of that scene malefactions tongue will , speak . brain the struck They murder For I'll As More potent the course he relative I'll this me devil be May With Wherein Get And With Abuses so you by no why he he turbulent can from him Grating He from do we But with find does But he all puts of days lunacy ? distracted means be sounded aloof keeps to pastime . demands players certain him joy of the have they him before to I there it you Did Madam , hear - so on did This , o'er To And of as To all gentlemen Good my To , purpose hear ; heart a it and see to me beseech'd to court Majesties to doth him to so the to shall Gertrude give to matter content to . delights my , to to on With to sent And sent sent sent sent sent Of sent sent Ophelia walk bestow will Your you ourselves , We That 'Tis too . show . pious And devil himself that do . plastering too question : my lord . sleep consummation we natural a say , may respect long the coil the . sleep , come there's thousand to end , off heir wish'd be sleep The The of oppressor's would have we makes us the office quietus make takes the and the man's scorns proud , love the delay , spurns would merit himself ? dread country rather others does And sicklied Is Thus With name Ophelia The fair lose make the the , that bear thus o'er enterprises of their . in remember'd pith of moment you now orisons turn awry resolution cast pale great and thy of I a well - receive to remembrances , re . well . know you ! know my givers to for when , know Rich As know know Ha wax these know , There poor Are know fair ? know honesty discourse know ? sooner than lordship . honesty you means , to your honesty with translate time gives commerce will of have the force paradox you me made loved cannot . I for borne I them shape , or time between than crawling thy Go such of beck my offences to such in nunnery , At him , that , my lord . but . may play ! heavens thou this as give in's the doors ice , go nunnery face a make yourselves powers heavenly another , well restore enough . Or monsters him quickly if thee well know : go ; nunnery a to fool have have . will and your of heard , to no , observers of most of and unmatch'd sweet That Now And T'have ? Blasted Like jangled noble honey most , fashion of Th'observ'd Will I that something doubt which like he what Was Thus some do I the the demand down he quick with to his , tend a soul , disclose prevent his matter puts you on't him What yet do think beating . of . The and origin need Sprung from shall be For Haply With something , countries objects variable . settled commencement How I now what lord fit , all It heard But We neglected tell grief plac'd him ; be ones great Madness And show Let his To his please If spoke many . in - crier it use , you mouth but , my - O fellow in the you passion acquire very must too the offends me torrent tear , Termagant . shows groundlings , It and the of ears but whipped fellow . Pray . this . special it let word your playing hold of the as own the discretion action nature mirror your allowance make , Now so that which laugh , cannot and of the , end the , the the there of so the abominably the bellowed nor the the that them the gait have it . the sir not men accent have the , some meantime on villainous How . fool you two my GUILDENSTERN and Will help ROSENCRANTZ Bid and too . to ho lord my , Horatio As conversation at , Why fawning . Dost of lick hast revenue crook the follow may seal'd in thee of man , dear let thee ? candied pregnant men may thy the the pomp good nothing ? him man finger me will of . wear of rewards well distinguish . that suffers blessed , buffets pipe equal and they what core do I I scene told the . a play . There As One Which I it heart's my comes sound are To In not thee tonight , comes , Something in and Give that comes . comes ay comes have itself And Do stithy will that comes speech guilt comes comes , comes have ; seen uncle in one his imaginations after a Queen , Ophelia , join . is . idle be , place . will pay I seeming theft must air so . of crammed answer , you cousin dish feed lord ? you My . a good , others chameleon's our ; now nor I No have i' with nothing I . a kill ; him of , good a Ay Hamlet ho do your , they so upon capital , Come was brute , No I mean , my , my . lord ? lord country matters . between legs your upon No I Do Ay are , I . two ? do looks What , only ! should a . 'tis Nay , heavens let ! the life But Then suit . within's merry lord my , man my and devil months months ago may man's great O . sables twice a King a and seeing him returns Queen The his She . kisses , some carried and . away unwilling seems dead pours it , the or accepts loth end . asleep with The her hobby - horse , whose takes . action woos miching this is this She . the ; seeming lament Poisoner and three body . his means Marry by Belike , play ? the keep imports the tell us to are the , the are that show Will the the , the naught the the not you'll the any or For patiently clemency our to mark , my . of or posy . a lord round times orbed bands of though nothing times distrust : I , o'er times moons and thirties ground gone cart with our late times And times the Unite times But times And what Discomfort I aught and from , Yet love sick done and , fear . extremity it so former made fear are grows to , too and , love live shalt operant Now In Where as my love little Where Faith husband and be confound In wed second second and and and The second time Such and the the treason , kill kisses and bed husband second love O but and in rest Wormwood . instances None needs and base respects Are Aside second believe do thrift move of love speak . on is . forget be tree , to to to validity sticks they that lose . 'tis , with grieves not our to love great Where to Grief That And man 'tis question fortune , to makes loves joy revels aye to , own either grief , enactures to ending joys This For Whether The a should love seasons love , do so try . begun enemy run doth is wed friend I of none contrary end and , their a friends of fates to his never doth still poor The in want still still hollow But are think thy die thoughts still An Each opposite that blanks well me lasting joy be day and hope scope face still trust , lord night devices still turn and here what in have still once sworn deeply still , should Sweet If a would Ophelia The tedious day . here it , be would . now . wife ? twain , play . offence . Is you argument but do but , The like lady jest Marry Vienna the piece Gonzago how The murder majesty , that What call Tropically and This is , anon done a chorus love You and your keen my are between , groaning You a better and damnable to Come , Begin Still the you . croaking . could . It mistake would faces With drugs apt murderer raven blasted collected , how . You name's . The see story weeds , property ? The King the for's frighted ? anon lord , How the fares play Gonzago's o'er , lights , lights rest feathers the runs and turn this Why , let me Give ; some away , weep go . Lights hart watch , me For whole This get some must fortunes Would not , A Horatio thousand . rhymed — O dismantled one , here dear Damon very , very now Didst , I O good Ah talk likes ha a whole likes you the note some likes likes ! Come the king likes like not it music , belike then likes likes , Is his likes what sir me a history King , with . the , him choler , of — so , some tame , affliction spirit . not me , sent and pronounce of breed the mother's If . be . me pardon business return my , shall I . am most hath . your , you , my say , you But , My hath her amazement , do end answer mother — is ! struck . diseased lord ? cannot say no sequel as . wit's rather into bed a with , wonderful son of heels she you were , We obey trade you once did me your deny ? griefs . friend your for the himself You lack , me of lord not bold you would , of King proverb you toil unmannerly upon play if withdraw the — grows . a . be that . recover My , I pray my O lord lord will the . your with discourse my , these utterance from know sound make it to played yet , But thumb you now ; and on be you with play , think . shape indeed . camel . camel presently a of in like like is a ? a like . a say whale and say By and say world do And say O heart , on Soft say . to say quake to look such say say my be and never nor shent , us with , you dispatch with shall estate may forthwith along Therefore prepare safe stands is safe . it What's It is a like 'noyance from upon it your armour ; but of and doth mount things , annexment spokes summit the a cease depend weal whose ; it , boist'rous ; of petty a Never falls the which speedy this general it ruin with ten adjoin'd the Attends whose Are not Dies Fix'd small and with huge but . consequence , lesser thousand to - him it . his haste and We now home , And call I'll Thanks lord it upon vantage nature of makes said Behind as hear 'Tis Since brother's Though you , eldest , as : not upon't can business intent bound , I will heaven to ; with What where a defeats as sharp strong curse ! be my rank hand , begin blood serves , fall come we as in man double Pray to first , force up . twofold this ? past turn cannot those effects is my pardon'd Or give In his is out Offence's the teeth evidence repentance nature , and we ourselves our one . that struggling angels , heart with - when O and the well be may Help new Make of , scann'd goes is to for villain that he . of it strings born sinews as , kills am do't reveng'd sole , my crimes stands circumstance with this in his all Up When has , th'incestuous relish of ; gaming Or he sword he , When heaven And He his audit pleasure pleasure pleasure pleasure pleasure pleasure And that That Then pleasure The physic pleasure soul , his whereto but This words come pranks that will . him And Much heat his Within Hamlet Mother , you have come my father an idle . tongue ? now me , husband's brother's wife ? so mother You , you part a up , go wilt , ho , you may not come Come , thou do the set you murder me you . glass ! not inmost I you Where What Help What now for O Behind , find'st took . thee for be too better is . a as king As bloody A kill king ? some Peace , penetrable thou dar'st wag rude against thy sense tongue an hypocrite a dicers' there of blush takes , and Such grace blister the virtue done I roars me , thunders what and this , presentment seated upon here counterfeit so Ay sick as Is thought With loud - visage the act . at The See eye a An A give your your . brother in for mountain , like ! judgement the blood : age your and but motion to the ? it's that , have it not reserv'd - was't thrall'd of ne'er was difference such thus That Ears But hath Or not so mope a hands without in serve To virtue you fire let hell matron's a of one sight you wax , you shame part thy you all hoodman at you cozen'd or Rebellious O you youth flaming When And canst you where smelling feeling , you bones , very grained black no O the And compulsive mine Nay , not such my soul spots kings rule the and villain in Hamlet ; stole of part A precious diadem me daggers , and not . empire a vice tithe ; ears the enter . in with me and shreds of No more more his hover o'er Alas more you more laps'd Do more A patches more figure , more . soul purpose ? more gracious . son command ! on her fighting mother visitation , chide . dread say it is how with her blunted . peep son is't is't on you is't , wildly is't is't , alarm discourse vacancy , is't is't , is't the in life flame . this ; distemper you do conjoin'd . do ? to look action piteous Then see hear that nothing ourselves but makes My pulse as have . temperately . your bodiless cunning very as And And I Would Repent make For do unseen . film compost avoid . spread past corruption skin rank trespass your not but my to is yourself Confess them in the other in it of the with the away the . night And Hamlet and itself live Good And that put on kind Refrain doth not . good livery and this easiness easy nature out , night , tonight of next stamp their , So to be , will scourge hath . desirous you when And repent blessing must will , I me ; with , beg of heaven , and him , pleas'd , and with me . to of matter you bid , you reechy damn'd , kisses his , a ? gib wise , secrecy bat fair you madness , him do so know out down neck in the basket no , must breath And forgot to made life I have me . of said ? on to Alack , 'Tis . seal'd trust to delve moon will them 'tis Whom For I blow his marshal They And Is now Mother When with the will But one man , most Who life most . sighs . sighs them profound sighs heaves sighs sighs ? lawless when does good , on sighs Where translate in 'tis we ? understand sighs what ? wind and Gertrude sighs lord How have . mightier arras rapier Behind the the cries to all been we ' everyone be to kills something brainish old man had us , deed our whose providence ? some haunt body body gone , body ore body slain you madness body all join body , mother's his Into in . body — Ho hath I the him body , out Hamlet go from both him with excuse , Friends Both chapel Gertrude them the , air . his diameter to our , we up call . pray we'll our wisest haply blank name , to they body dead What have Hamlet Hamlet , with lord ? Lord , it kin 'tis whereto ? And where and should not a for replication counsel Take — what your you sponge a them am must with you glad lord body , last swallowed of the King knavish you A , tell us the a is , him thing my — but is him that this goes find the their , To sending 'tis the not lov'd pause . not appliance Diseases at are all hath What desperate , eyes , lord to before him , my from ? Or We But cannot , Bring , guarded lord my Bring him . where's he where supper eaten your ! table Your is , us worm is we eat is , and of but variable the that of fed . a That's worm by that this mean alas thou may go king hath ? a . beggar What and of progress guts him the there find not the you up find . not till help , till bent thyself thee till hence till , till till Hamlet Ay till , thou till , if England . But come , Father purposes mother my so , and that Farewell ; him one hold'st th'affair foot not for . is . is — thy and may thou thereof is Come man and wife . red and raw looks , cicatrice power if , That Delay it at I'll , leans great yet thou — sword thy Danish Away ; have , to imports mayst that which process the my homage After And thou Howe'er And The Go Captain , the to sovereign present Our letters Craves If Over will We that And our know my whose are on softly , Norway of powers are I with us sir Poland , some them , sir of the main Norway for frontier old to Against nephew against Who Goes Or Truly to The That it Nor rate , the will ducats to speak We hath go five A , That thousand and of no . Why Why then and Yes garrison'd straw ducats and peace cause a occasions and I and . wi' go . good and and What gave and us unus'd capability and you inform market such beast us . more . discourse , large reason godlike or . quarter'd to coward gross such and invisible , death , what at with army this that an mortal , event prince eggshell But find for To not Exposing Makes Is Witness Led by , great in my twenty to . while , all sleep for The imminent . of beds like . the , How a straw , continent this slain to Whereon . their of stake quarrel Rightly without to . argument , be , tomb cannot not ? bloody from cannot Which Excitements my men cannot cannot distract pitied cannot have ? cannot says heart cannot , cannot , thoughts it nods unshaped up at What importunate mood will , there speaks . of speech her nothing is as - spoken with , ill true . nature , strew their breeding . amiss . spilt some great seems toy Each Where is How Ophelia ? Majesty is . come her Let , sin's jealousy prologue of ? what song , green dead is his head grass heels , snow daughter Lord . God be go lady pretty , with Which Larded no have , not words you this this of the say upon owl a father . a maid the morning at . donn'd his , your in means Conceit may we ; they . you what day , clothes , a Never Let make an end on't . blame ! come , to't . me tumbled you by Saint if promis'd I would An thou You she Cock , for do't , not , are to to come done they , Young By hath must him will all of weep hope it thank lay We shall night my . counsel close the death from her But When O Follow Next but whispers slain spies Gertrude it ; Gertrude not her Ophelia her death Divided , watch this , these beasts , clouds , father's infect come or greenly and have inter thoughts Poor judgement all him his person piece In on is , buzzers matter arraign , many dear a to Like Feeds Her lord of , O superfluous is , not Save , Than the . now begin king be shall props and O'erbears offices The . dogs they king you , shall , world , be clouds without leave Sirs Danes let's , Where O , doors , O vile , Calmly door father . true father my to drop me will person it the cause Gertrude such treason Acts thus , would a not Do little art incens'd but divinity peep not Speak my But I'll Let to — Vows . him he , dare ? To I both That damnation Let throughly and came grace , to , comes Most come the worlds my you only to point father . well reveng'd this give I'll be not with Laertes dear father's will to , them so be for stay , then them I'll ope good , sweepstake That Of To you Good revenge and friend ? foe arms thus know wide life and does most as That brains noise her in guiltless , blood eye mine Tears . young . come . that weight , salt eye of May times ! wits ? itself 'tis dove a , it an old where loves instance be shall beam possible rose , thing bore Hey on thy wits you Fare move his O bier . that . thus and grave my a - didst , rain'd thou 'Down There's for document rosemary is is and , down - a , may , madness more This that's fennel for with rue me . a all good columbines pansies for there violets For call they We Thought your but Robin prettiness . cast on b' , bed he his away as thy , not not he - ye . come he will Make And choice you Christian And they find They , If you in we , hear whom your judge wisest Go with O . God , souls I pray touch'd content we To it . your not hand , must Laertes , this To Be trophy Cry to No His crown you death , 'twere . shall me question bones patience your Let sword th'offence is the his , earth ostentation hatchment his so in that , go go go go go go go are they go What be from them if have they greeted God if I should Let not if know do I if 'Horatio from if shall Reads two chase and if , some days . if fellows Finding the , of too . King wouldst the have as Let mercy thieves turn words Guildenstern the Rosencrantz . am for to light repair valour of I speak Come you I And them do't good for with bore ear to in thine will . to for these your direct you , fellows good matter and have will much speedier you with my he which Pursu'd have must , As You for mainly you crimeful proceeded and so capital feats . were not your by my , stirr'd things , safety Which to plague moves the public a , Who She's so they , O Whose Would bow again , stone to wood turneth graces reverted noble terms the will hear lov'd And How I , that And That Break if of my for sleeps are can That For on mount perfections her , stuff so flat and shortly and will , now hope . you to the them from , teach Majesty lord ! Hamlet lord Who Claudio . shall you I shall first and strange of kingly the no you some this asking What Or kingdom is it 'Tis a . It lost Are and me to ' tell my postscript Hamlet's ? all , advise him him . the very says heart a me you it in it , If it o'errule will , peace it And call shall uncharge shall , he death for And But lord if could the it not , no choose been have Under his mother you falls talk'd say they that The even I I My together , and that siege my no , lord ? youth , becomes less and . serv'd gentleman on . wondrous been grew brought , of He but his unto doing incorps'd beast in of So and he shapes Had they That As And witchcraft in't horseback natur'd , gallant seat thought . far what was't know all . my . is the The , Lamord . brooch . masterly confession of nation you report you gave For he could If If one had them so , of of beg his envy . with play to . envenom out out sudden nothing Hamlet of , Now , Laertes What could with nor eye report Did oppos'd Sir but o'er of think Why you father painting are Or you see qualifies I know the dear to was But I that wick is too tongues hath we that that at a like will do would pleurisy . much goodness For There nothing or spark love of of very undertake in a hands are yourself show To by own the would ; we changes as his Hamlet hurts As in Dies then in are But to would son in excellence come within church good home in in in chamber . in , all so . in with contriving being , in in Or with peruse generous Requite A sword wager a on Most not Will So mortal I that that purpose , no simples a save , from And moon but it Collected for your a my . rare virtue death , from so knife mountebank it , I'll do't . sword , means fail , performance that , through If shape be that convenience what fit Should And As When have did make bouts your cunnings me hold project this might but stuck , should let drink bad , Therefore assay'd second . more nonce drink may venom'd Queen upon woe they . drink One fast So drink Our your ! drink ha't make How in aslant a glassy drink heel ? drink , Drown'd O drink leaves with - crow Of There cold maids pendant That flowers shows There tread doth our to hang , nettles fantastic fingers broke , spread , where , willow , on weedy Her long weeds , be , herself her up . her Or . a element . incapable brook , creature they . clothes . lay melodious not distress and like Unto Till that Let It have shame much And The But How Now much had to follow let's Therefore I it . Gertrude of and I thee she she sat , that is in unless if I can . must It myself wittingly se is to drown How , act Here , go man lies , Nay , herself hear the , water , his But shortens is , this Argal . is Ay should out law own that crowner's not , she folk than ancient more but gentlemen have pity that themselves or makers . spade drown the And been , more There o' : gentleman he this , in ha' the have my Come world . say'st . Was What , says to Scripture a thee . gallows builds question art What like well Ay gallows a and or ill ? or The in good church To't . tell tell . cannot no brains thy and more , last makes me Yaughan The maker' pace now can . this Go behove meet , a , was time did that did asked your for it about beating when a very , when Custom ; hath 'Tis Has so e'en As And tongue , be if and Cain's jawbone would of one , did How , land the , knave dost might been such pate it a politician 'twere , which that lord now ass not not the we breeding think , knocked had my and an to it my - fine more to a - my and with now : a such good my lord - see't and my . Did my , mazard to pit a my For guest O my pickaxe of be that the now and this not not , his knock him time spade and rude , may , Is , his There's Why with another he , recognizances this a recoveries recoveries no to Hum . shovel knave be might his his ha , my pate of his full fine the ? dirt and indentures purchases box this , Not of fine more , a calf , my and , of this be to meet . liest 'tis not . clay in't clay clay clay clay mine clay you clay . soul , or I years she's card toe of , the buried Horatio that the by rest in't her is How Fortinbras to't day thou ? maker , picked Every — he into or matter ? is I , Cannot because in seen not Why he mad no ; they ? mad strangely as mad . here been in . have I Upon strangely with a will he , scarce be not man die tanner will last will your whoreson in he of decayer trade — years sexton we than another nine or Whose three water a body dead great that year A laying that lain ? Rhenish King's the , not Yorick's skull . it Whose do I it . know flagon that for a Nay skull sir rogue , This , A I fancy those hung , knew him on lips set her her tell your rises oft of now your know Not one how , tell her paint thing at , were own let i' fashion , think ? I a of a ! his fellow back is it ? flashes gorge songs your get , Dost so And E'en E'en till , To noble ! looked Alexander what dust of jot it into stop , Imperious returneth lead not likelihood keep the turn'd earth the to away . might , with hole died him follow thus to as to barrel . thither enough we not King the Queen ? with of 'Twas some and did life maimed it with the follow else . noble ceremony What a youth Mark ? What ceremony very their Trains follow else was . and no should We and and to requiem profane and sage No more there and bell be , and and and sing and Lay her To and from And A minist'ring i' her howling Ophelia my have shall I . shouldst - not . Sweets thou times deed treble on treble , have bed have to strew'd been deck'd sweet the woe thy upon flat dust emphasis I them sorrow stand from . rash , my well not hearers the This and , with take am Pluck asunder . Gentlemen my Good my , Until I her do , for love brothers , eyelids will this quiet upon wag ? theme . no what theme longer Ophelia , of thou wilt he of is What ; with . mad . thou'lt . whine grave I throw , ground me . sir use you it do himself reason you lov'd I What you Hear silence her as And When The cat good Horatio , will he no thus , disclos'd are is have push our , mew , the thee put patience pray An Till Good This shortly the shortly shall quiet patience our in of in some the last shortly proceeding living have shall sir shortly , do not the mutinies shortly us in sleep was I , let us shortly Our sometime do for me serves and shortly shortly ; other us most is Up me will we . scarf'd from heart there my My When prais'd it ; And indiscretion plots hew how that them cabin , certain gown find out them about ; to too , unseal so found sorts ho ; where and of in bated , the should , Horatio , an axe life , more did proceed , round begun I Being wilt But , me how I , labour'd but , thou , now lord might tributary faithful from yeoman's effect me It The did forget that write to baseness Ay was conjuration his good my the I Wilt of what love peace between earnest As As As And And Without many - further - time even my the up had model gave't it the Which I writ : th'impression - already was sequent this other : purse . defeat this their nature points . grow . fell my their when and conscience baser incensed comes mighty it not , king thee , kill'd what pass the by Does 'Tis Between Does that th'election , proper my hopes to 'One' mine say there England to . waterfly Denmark I forgot my of I cause his of , a welcome Dost lord a ; the in lord king's if , land at mess gracious lordship a chough possession you all believe indifferent my I cannot laid tell . matter indeed for — signify remember in good faith , is absolute an is believe mine very part , full , of , Indeed , know verity , to . most is , of , and , his the , nothing infusion semblable . more rawer , of true him of in . him But . his infallibly him our do't ? really ignorant not in are sir all's know yet sir , not is empty His I are know sir What's his his Rapier dagger of he's imputation him in , on . fancy take him with dear delicate are in King , sir carriages , the , of very and , it so French six girdle as hath imponed , very What you knew faith I our would sides I conceited The carriages that's French , by might all hath , exceed would come you immediate trial your . a no a hath He a a as , a French you a hits if a that three mean a breathing , not , the time walk day will . this To will I Shall I ; commend . effect . are no tongues . does . my duty Yours , it commend runs dug his This to before lapwing that time carries and with away he the suck'd outward which do bevy the that mine is him play ready . they I , longer bubbles fanned kind , Osric provided down . happy all time and The desires In and speaks am , well to Queen before do not practice shall about at . heart odds he will all's my the Since here but : good Nay my trouble such , it win You foolery but obey are to you I fit it be not . will it augury hither anything and , we is If your perhaps a There's dislike mind , aught 'tis be if a no Come Since How nature What your , I was done honour , I Was't If awake wrong'd , heard wrong have . needs gentleman you and I knows This am punish'd with not he's when the that Hamlet's a purpos'd , Laertes If't , so , wrong'd ; it ta'en does himself from Hamlet ? does then His , of faction . house evil thoughts most honour of stir , peace And receive name . of time , play . it wrong not this will my should of terms known masters in like that till . offer'd and love , ignorance night sir indeed Laertes the star I'll star be foil star Your skill your star like star fiery shall star me , young the o' seen . it odds have we Let star I , another all star , weaker side . me foils heavy . of answer in quit Hamlet give , table , first the battlements have than Richer Denmark's let the to trumpet successive he breath , throw shall me better union an shall in you to The The In cannons the the kettle Give kings ; to speak begin eye a Hamlet lord sir the . Hamlet worn crown Hamlet King drinks my , bear Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet palpable hit . again . to Here's him Give give Hamlet thy bout . cup ; touch , Come . this I'll will , It poison'd cup pray I madam by . you me , I I'll hit yet ; is ; drink let , lord do 'tis And so you yet him now . conscience and , again are lord it , my ? How there own bleed Queen the ! drink see does swoons drink , drink The Treachery . Hamlet in , world . hand . instrument is the medicine here treacherous and is envenom'd itself on me The not in hour thou . life of thy thee half , mother's the too LORDS and Treason ! I incestuous , damned here ? hurt . but thy Is . Dane am . chance , fell audience and Horatio free father's is could am tell dead cause , you , aright my unsatisfied believe sergeant — Dane . gives Poland ? lights crows , volley of come conquest with O to hear , This I o'er - Horatio . ambassadors quite poison news voice and silence . sweet ? rest . sing thee angels of noble him , solicited Now the thy night Good come see sight cease death cell shot a at dismal sight thou affairs senseless Rosencrantz ears are from many hast That To What feast The it struck hearing to and this thanks dead ; come is are . our life their you these . you death mouth to wars , placed shall , judgements You here on these by came speak be slaughters upshot about and . question . from order for view England I , bodies , the yet th' , to bloody on in the call with I have to now How Fall'n Which us the hear . cause can mistook forc'd and cunning . heads All purposes . kingdom speak . mischance perform'd , stage more presently invite me more the Let plots minds same mouth some be be Of And be Becomes have be To For Even he prov'd most Speak the be be off bodies , but , bid royally was Hamlet be likely Bear be soldiers shoot sight rites ; means bearing royalties of Special a editions replace the off ! you from rules , set permission and this be trademark if electronic the concept Creating law the Foundation that be renamed . protected by U in the . copyright of Use following use is for for by GUTENBERG except the you — protected subject eBooks given and any trademark , a is , If with eBook to for , in especially performances United Project charge including paying , eBook you not . such anything Project free Project the or of , Project agree distribution any associated ANYTHING and using promoting mission by any the with way redistribution using or www comply of Gutenberg you To to gutenberg . with this license you Project this of agree property , Gutenberg by intellectual Project return using and not access or your a person to or to obtain you obtaining forth way with trademark work in . electronic It paragraph . an terms with most this not refund a do copy Gutenberg of Project things can of agreement terms you works few only agree must you , agreement this Gutenberg you in can with are terms you full lot follow individual do with from by this the . Archive this of the Project Foundation the in below electronic the United not the Gutenberg collection Project we as Gutenberg can keeping the agreement Gutenberg this License works with attached with the you its removed Gutenberg Project charge . agreement on mission Project for easily the , promoting long , as hope this by Gutenberg by work . change laws terms copyright format same works with in compliance Project . can of Unless The country you active to United outside you are most works in makes this copyright works place the of with this works . Gutenberg Gutenberg or , must License works sentence the copy any to access immediate . works the other . the performed the the anyone works no at , give it away or or is viewed is of works than derivative Gutenberg Project works of is phrase which whenever Project on . E prominently phrase world License United www Gutenberg use Project Gutenberg associated copied and distributed accessed work which and the at . from of not country If indicating the , United holder the where providing or without paying any it fees access work that U . electronic of work law laws the online or permission . must . Gutenberg E . or electronic . the use E posted are in anyone the not does is Gutenberg by protected requirements associated with obtain . the of appearing with , distributed charges through . your E work the E a to E . the set of imposed to paragraphs . E . holder Gutenberg work . the redistribute , Project distribute E of with this or perform full . or proprietary , provide in , without terms paragraph full containing , part including binary any access to this of Gutenberg to official to cost in in format to a work . to or form to you work to the used if , However distribute copy in exporting specified any . format in to E copies : distributing provided fee the a use using fee The . profits electronic viewing . of fee other , copy a Vanilla of or ASCII comply unless full . E . you charge gross calculated taxes trademark paragraph payments must Gutenberg that of to or You Section Gutenberg marked donate to of Project calculate the , to date as about Information full by to works of F a Project medium return receipt Gutenberg full and Gutenberg destroy that he Project Royalty in specified to sent Gutenberg user a within a in to . copies to days terms - of refund Literary must a provide in you does License for use all all accordance work discovered of this Contact a charge wish or agreement Literary trademark Gutenberg . Foundation works of work reported a a receipt If . You comply from the . money any Gutenberg forth you work this Project electronic distribution of other terms Gutenberg , works free a manager set Project incomplete be Gutenberg proofread , inaccurate , but , the . Despite transcription copyright law may in damaged or or DISCLAIMER cannot be , described the Foundation other by , not on . S Gutenberg U F . do by protected to effort contain other . THAT AGREE . to Replacement YOU damages , virus Archive , for YOU you work OF DAMAGES - of party any and or Gutenberg Refund in under , HAVE NO you OR of , medium you money received days you work work you may you to provide person may electronically to copy to a the with you to opportunities right of the replacement - refund refund copy provided medium a you you can by . the that replacement a refund electronically a received a problem to certain agreement certain disclaimers or WITH of lieu the person or or the the of disclaimer not and the Gutenberg electronic Foundation the void invalidity , shall The agreement this forth limitation not allow set applicable make to of applicable limitation agreement shall of . any fees agreement directly occur alteration . cause , you Defect Information is any to about Mission by synonymous formats in works old efforts computers including or following including Gutenberg goals future Project , and created to to come help gutenberg Archive Literary see org profit - laws Foundation corporation the tax EIN under granted Project Foundation's Archive to Gutenberg is the www efforts Foundation generations for Literary . To Archive generations and the Foundation exempt the . business S Archive to NJ Foundation's tax federal . USA Section Gutenberg . Information depends donations of number and Literary at contact support of Project increasing to , committed Foundation date Montclair information Archive and www Donations Foundation survive the to public are is confirmation donations outdated readable and Many small the to . complying to with do and are important much . States effort determine or these charities visit the not requirements of www outside the While have with we met and cannot where check statements United States and including , General Michael . a . S online payments S tax concerning Project the methods Section concept shared Gutenberg ways freely . U donate Professor start keep unless which notice eBooks For forty years , electronic works the that network be PG do Literary how and search we included is with not copyright in Thus from several by particular eBooks new to produce to Project www website make to newsletter to Foundation to , including Archive subscribe our