live the Stand yourself unfold ! King Stand Stand . Stand hour to . at Stand Stand stirring mouse quiet good , and them make , Not watch meet a Horatio , Well do my you If think the . Dane night reliev'd who - you hath And farewell honest Barnardo my has Say . A have , Welcome I has thing but belief , take seen him night of eyes , 'twill awhile , down , this our seen sit we down , of from the of , myself part , one and beating burns that's t'illume Marcellus course against fortified two Barnardo again , dead the speak not Looks harrows it Most a like the ; to fear it that thou Together fair . speak thee charge I heaven It it . which Did Stay ! not will ! Before was Such So frown'd martial 'Tis the once and twice With particular stalk hath strange Polacks on ; had on angry the in he thyself armour Norway . before smote He But This So down strange eruption tell and daily Thus , and mart of shipwrights that , toward night is't that Who make might be joint this for subject of foreign At Doth Does the What even can I goes That most ; combat side of who our ratified , stood he this Fortinbras , to by Fortinbras all with by known which , in a compact cov'nant conqueror which as design'd , by of King the Against Which Dar'd For slay this Did so , return'd , enterprise , it , I preparations those us of . And to The So source terms doth it And by , the chief hand no be that the to our palmy eye . wars the , sheeted of dews star , eclipse with and moist . the and mightiest mind's like state events fierce the demonstrated precurse and omen still coming earth Unto Have our heaven to the . blood fell dead , illusion me . Stay again ! voice comes use , and preceding it thou may But cross I'll If If , there thee If , be , That any Speak For which Speak of , speak the in if 'Tis Shall with It was cock fearful started about Awake god his in Whether his the shrill and , fire and summons is . to it lofty then Doth the with a And of - of made of that . cock long comes ; planets strike crowing herein season dare charm abroad crowing believe is power , crowing spirit no , nor and hath yon of high by crowing to . clad crowing . crowing crowing , seen my him fitting , our we consent needful Let's spirit Unto Do , As , I we This pray find . him our shall I be green in hath far so hearts him on sorrow grief with in discretion think fought brow that us brother's . ourselves and remembrance wisest , Hamlet Yet With Have Taken mirth we Th'imperial Together we and of now warlike a with this defeated , with joy , that our Fortinbras , brother's , all worth late our frame death his out in dropping one , state along wife ; weighing and nor wisdoms better to one funeral Colleagued Lost Or To business , ourself Norway brother of So this with all for suppress , of of dream to bonds surrender father dear law , hears scarcely Fortinbras him is , pester valiant To Who is the Of Thus is for his by You Out His is lists gait , impotent much is is To us , You told , the heartily will , things VOLTEMAND your these Of ; it let and doubt Laertes voice be What . Farewell And suit wouldst to is't news all what's : You shall of nothing lose is instrumental speak That Your Than The your The now the offer , asking mouth the Denmark the thou not to have return lord , to thy heart , thy came done , father , of Laertes pardon says to go . Polonius ; duty leave my ? will kind son you Laertes that much Laertes sun i' on ! Laertes for look cast my Laertes , kin And Take thy fair hour , spend Laertes than the clouds like Passing Laertes lord so know'st And let Do through , be is it it . lives . a too , lids . die dust the eternity If so is cloak river suits suspiration nor , Nor not Nay ! it 'tis common all 'Tis Nor No madam know not ; woe the show might indeed shows , that truly of of windy Nor For these sweet I the 'Tis give , lost his . But some term survivor and , course , most will shows In filial commendable mourning , your must you have and your lost the father , Hamlet your persevere , common and and 'Tis is a grief absurd in peevish opposition heaven ; as , nature theme , thing a fault still hath to our be simple a For To Is From the first . be death reason against we It the what it the , take us , to world you whose note , he , who , remain , school comfort , not stay with thy her cheer most , to dearest most father no toward to , to desire son , a fair cousin our intent you of our bend , and eye . reply come today grace of Madam shall drinks in and obey ; our to Wittenberg my mother all pray thee I a 'tis as Sits Be Denmark unforc'd Come bruit tell ; melt unprofitable O clouds speaking great the cannon this the - self that stale weary Or me to it How 'gainst that earthly . God dew 'tis flat slaughter all and uses nay not ; dead to remember if fed it what her Why , Heaven would had and might ? beteem ; of Frailty , face he months Must ; roughly satyr ; fie Oh grows Fie I As not A ! A but ; father's mourn'd beast tears , month Hyperion With Niobe O too . no of . left the O come good , sheets wicked with poor , within a old she ! woman . I incestuous in flushing salt Hercules longer . that galled Within speed to it hold eyes tongue . friend you . with — so . you affair drink see deep your I To , came in ere - student . depart you mock my . report say that your your to was . upon funeral know of no father's . meats . in the I ever , Thrift I prithee I Indeed lord forth ! furnish coldly do , it thrift , my seen had Or My I Would saw him a man not look In my mind's eye , all for a king I . till I I I I I night father , of figure had me witness the This ear admiration With together , their these let love you may I , on Barnardo the thus their truncheon's and by the act whilst - them . hear , pie your , and jelly secrecy night the This not In I are But the the had , they deliver'd I , lord These hands My The of with apparition And third word thing comes . where Did answer it like as , made up lord ; methought yet motion As my , I not you none and it lifted But at , Indeed do , and you do , Hold indeed let you it honour'd lord troubles ? me ; in of know my lord . but the . to my . Arm'd O from foot . Pale in he his his not you saw Then , What countenance A , his Nay , Most constantly been a Stay'd like moderate and Longer I would It very have with like MARCELLUS , While one , BARNARDO . tell long , life , His It was , as A I assume hold hitherto shall else your hap no , you . and So . loves tenable . itself should , your duty as ! the All visit I'll to , loves Your Our some doubt father's spirit foul my then sit Till Though I necessaries all the o'erwhelm . assistant is For , in fashion and a , primy lasting , his ; not nature . minute permanent the a A Hold Hamlet , wide now the mind grow not does but as he doth but loves is will subject not you must besmirch , unvalu'd of his must and himself health ; voice and wisdom Then . your saying voice loss your his honour list importunity you chaste it rear fear heart you shot the moon . else lies none good pastors my way reckless thorny and of path not . fear O smiles a is But blessing me here not a double second your my blessing thy thoughts thought by adoption vulgar . tongue rank the and be may generous a lender and may of both may the to dulls , may thine own edge may may best itself self night to day man the thee any in lord tend my said of , key said it said . said to hath . said said Lord said said touching well ; so me your understand as yourself up Give daughter way been hath most 'tis put must tenders many truth . you tell me . You Of his Do it do my honour the what these tenders think , affection Unsifted Affection not ; such his believe you I'll , for ; them ? think . speech call you Or , lord thus , fashion with more true , know , soul go lord my to In to all to these as than : it blazes countenance . prodigal a From , time tether he ; this rate Hamlet , brokers show that fire For . parley to promise not scanter take , light tongue in their something Set of at him in much command your And with maiden your Believe may Breathing like so you , to plain This and unholy their few they all from bawds time Hamlet . cold very is it an ? hour What think lacks , his spirit the it wassail he kettle - triumph drum of a custom ? custom here native a takes height , men , evil doubt of dram take substance a . defend comes of it , my lord grace health from of spirit airs thee thy will father not me speak , to in Dane , hearsed the sepulchre , do we souls moon complete this mean , me answer ignorance we burst thy Wherein thee saw up dead Hath Look It then then then It then my Being Why then not it you deprive the beetles then tempt dreadful That if there That And Which The very more puts toys beneath You shall hands . every desperation . of brain the to into of you on not Hold go not artery Unhand nerve . each am I'll obey I'll him cries petty the waxes follow thee . fit the in To thus on come Denmark ? of state will lead thou . him Speak Nay let's Heaven Something is . I'll follow me almost me and render ghost hearing Whither Mark I Must Alas bound sulph'rous ! up is tormenting flames , come myself serious . To So for Doom'd thou revenge am a foul crimes away , done to that , forbid nature I word of days fast ? whose , am - night , walk , fires the ; list ; love ; most father ; List If Thy two eyes particular ; combined to on end ; list be . God dear , must blazon eternal blood ever . thy Revenge But I apt than swift unnatural with , thoughts my the ease find And duller me to foul as the and it of . my ear death ! life youth , hear ; fat , Hamlet on beast have that gifts and , wit of incestuous wears but me process thou thy . lust off of that there queen power — the . vow , decline virtuous marriage hand ; to were angel link'd the was falling in natural as never heaven be , whose was radiant celestial . morning air orchard , pour ; mine it it alleys distilment porches in And natural gates a and And The thin And lazar Most I was Thus of with even crown in disappointed imperfections O my off No with Cut reckoning Unhous'led , with like All blossoms of , thee and pursu'st with nor nature all horrible With with not mind luxury bed with let her her matin to Fare . shows her sting But Taint to thy aught royal thou thy mother and prick And Against glow - 'gins couple hell shall all O Adieu And To The , my bear , Ay In I'll saws All That My O of That wipe , thy with Unmix'd Within Within Within So . lord secure have My and , Lord Illo . Hillo , Not you There's needs , Why And so hold as For it as are but sorry I'm I'll There's I'll Saint I'll honest I'll know And scholars now I'll , one I'll my me I'll may ghost offence by much , Yes It For O'ermaster't as you are As make , lord , you . already indeed swear't my lord , in not faith , my Upon my . but Nay under thou so ? stage there . the Indeed Ha Never sword that of Swear to this my swear oath Propose the speak . Swear . i' , Swear Canst therefore things in your so , hereafter odd antic perchance put Here you know ; out head doubtful some , love And and grace such to So That 'If God And still , do With Rest all my what rest ever willing That time The is your his I on not out of lack go us O it , together born , let's , go this him Give money it . Look are inquiry Reynaldo make . Danskers means expense distant his son will it friends this , him lord , what and and where they , finding and more ; question Reynaldo . my very — do know he's on youth and , none very there ; please you and be , in 'And But Addicted forgeries so dishonour so , As What if't To As may But Ay Quarrelling , charge the . known that rank , him ; take wild and liberty companions wanton usual slips , go swearing far him scandal , would . warrant of on son my would is little slight sir should a him , consequence or crimes you soil'd it , Marry you youth sir And You believe 'twere in He , According about something I He the , does , ' . to this addition the 'friend ' 'gentleman' say Where marry and 'closes or in thus , the was I . was then And — What to 'gentleman ' — did , the t'other perchance sale' you , you leave ! gentleman , me with , a forth carp See or . have you . you have fare , former So falsehood we find You my son my you With windlasses directions out reach , well . lord his him shall my Well . so ? was sewing the lord , been the what's have name my all stockings unbrac'd God his , head , I - his down in his gyved knees knocking to piteous so in out comes before of ? been his ankle hell loosed love me hard held he said the me by the to length all o'er his arm ; face brow . his fear I but , bulk profound down arm , turn'd me go , his of hand to took Then He he At For out o' the , with me last he head seem his his went without he , over That a rais'd — find the oft That As Whose seem'd And What leads And did ; of ? to letters . under will I . will given go This No you have good afflict natures him as our , does meant had I This hate being go proper he , trifle but did opinions , love close sort our ! might , move , it you , I What , hath be call see Guildenstern , to and use Something sending we did did provoke ; heard you the nor . your ; unknown to aught ; Good ; So much draw And , Some him you That That I being since To And As That , to open'd little time from , he , adheres . there men much us occasion within talk'd remedy of not , will good are you , remembrance king's , by dread your Put give up our service , ourselves To here be and commanded gentle Guildenstern at in you . Rosencrantz , some bent full your changed I beseech son you and gentle visit freely . good of father my lord , duty hold still ? joyfully Norway good news King : of sure or or , or , good my or or or . or . th'ambassadors to queen to them , brother . from what return , he first levies our nephew's Upon Say Voltemand , fair his against sickness in which so Fortinbras On That To , Receives ; his , in ; your with overcome Norway from borne was It better But arms crowns employ , before , might entreaty to against fee . arrests impotence , obeys , pass , labour took your upon time well us are please as his of for to . this safety down we'll we'll night welcome well is . feast together : madam but tediousness will And What day Were Mad , nothing Therefore be Your else but true is madness mad define noble and the . brief since But Madam And matter but to be nothing art all 'tis no of cause the of this now this by thus she , Now this daughter , say , the the remainder have — a have , Who my and phrase That's me . duty then him comes whilst the hear a vile but Good madam this from awhile idol most . a — vile . not have liar move faithful ; me , fire the Doubt I , most love am , But dear that But how given above out obedience All Thine As receiv'd his think faithful what love what - and , work dumb think you , me of you do a of man seen told , this . might tell your upon look'd 'Lord Hamlet . no prince herself the , Admit That not is think heart dear my a this No precepts thy bespeak went idle sight star . from receive out I I love ? repulsed a , and now he for to wherein wherein been said time positively ? so wherein likely , a it I know wherein very . wail we you be I , if wherein that from Where wherein truth How this Not When , it further four he Here walks indeed may try ? he together does indeed So If reason carters her arras does my daughter hours the in . does , him to thereon , does such At time be , board does look him ? away try does you . comes leave both a fishmonger man a my were . lord my honest so lord , you to , sir maggots you , Have breed in , my carrion a very my ? a not Yet is he ; a , fishmonger I . said ? Aside I a on a a He daughter gone , very far my a my you read here their says slave that the . Slanders beards sir the Between For and I go sir . yet , should air there is How . Aside hits on . delivered meeting most I means the A ! lord take me will , except To to You lord My you Hamlet . he is sir . children that her lord my . of of soles not over button ; the both . strumpet . is she favours her true ? grown a . me we . prison ? lord you my good news , lord but What None particular . doomsday . Denmark being th' confines , sends is in that one o' , so not think you then 'tis makes it , thinking which ; goodly Why , infinite ; have count bad I a the ambition not that and narrow is a myself prison lord . my is nutshell are nothing there for it ambition your dreams ambitious . a a shadow and that it fay , substance dream heroes . for ? attended my most sort an way not We'll ROSENCRANTZ and GUILDENSTERN . monarchs . light a and But . you I upon , am the , by For you too Is ? in man my poor of you even me it . we , am come say , lord , speak a own are , dear , Come . you no at . and , there for conjure should to justly . the by to kind anything you fellowship ever , must preserved - charge teach , or direct , If . What no the better whether you prevent of , have obligation could for lost seems a heavily my to indeed and you mirth your all disposition promontory , of , it ; brave why my with sterile o'erhanging beauty in , pestilent all no . I discovery , that custom this fire a , me animals of in form in , piece other canopy King the wherefore , earth , look foul , air thing , angel excellent firmament an , world . faculties My there your not And yet ; stuff was by ? dust paragon though . seem such , Majesty shall the sere peace ; you offer welcome coming . Why lord my , then We not when receive hither shall are the think you to the in , was profit ? Their ways of . estimation was they Even the and those keeps children endeavour , berattle are of their How comes followed grow there the scarce so . out ; rusty top now on — How are not say they holds do — as money the in , is escoted ? it them load his too those forty , in picture him ; for boys carry throwing brains ? and twenty philosophy . could find you . comply than - which I tell it more . must deceived I is , you You yours That . swaddling they for . a twice tell me to come not you . the . a is — Rome actor an Roscius . ass . actor , the - actors are come you Upon too . These Plautus are lord my , judge cannot comical in pastoral each came Then scene the , either for what a only tragical , pastoral be , of Jephthah , What fair right , I well he not , i' follows , Jephthah old have . a daughter wot know ? I . glad to my was , it you comes , abridgement all beard old be We'll , altitude speech . uncurrent ! welcome of piece you and , good . lady of a , a speech God ring the Pray to Thy ? my than , lord , I top I was give . is Denmark chopine cracked . quality once , for the speech a speech but was cried it it my nor but much Aeneas' . very and especially cunning , begin affectation savoury one in play in , no honest fine . Dido . method speech of in the , see me it in wholesome it live thereabout — arms Pyrrhus , let If One , that he whose black dismal gules mothers , impasted with he heraldry now Hath vile lend To their like murders . with , Priam you with good proceed o'ersized grandsire , at Striking Rebellious Repugnant with But too lord , well , spoken So he short Anon to Seeming to Stoops prisoner Which we winds speechless , anon ; him never rend Aroused And Mars's Break And the bowl This low nave the too , barber's a to for He's the jig 'The That's barefoot on or a bisson up mobled queen' is , all eyes tears has , sword then her in treason that her husband's sport sword steep'd venom see , sword gods his you they , sword well sword where he have made has see the sword for will used well , not turn'd I'll out have you man . Use more them . they lord less bodikin man me Dost We'll dozen . You for my sixteen well . Follow , thou friend could hear night lines till night not look down a some not not of not mock friends , lord that Rosencrantz Guildenstern not so O in his not , to , not a force her so eyes ? distraction his a from Tears A forms broken That Is wi' ye soul working his And , him to to all ? the drown cleave he With That should general eyes unpregnant rascal ears amaze indeed ; with horrid and , property nothing whose Upon a I dear Am most for of my not , king ? me blows breaks , and No - mettled , life coward i' ? be this ! kindless the or , it in my it gives , slave's this With I should , treacherous ass my revenge of am a I the to scullion upon't ! drab , murder'd father ! villain ! bawdy ere most with and my have play heard words a ! like I heart hell cursing Fie very , a of so , scene soul that cunning I'll the players have but observe I'll that and perhaps melancholy my spirit If I I'll I'll I'll , power hath devil yea with I'll spirits grounds I'll the have of drift The play's on forward means , be will feels sounded no and so With what we But with Of bring him state to by he madness . well you Most like . disposition our demands . gentleman reply his any him free , in but , to of certain court about joy , already players told . matter inclin'd so . further content , edge delights these most to see heart , his my To And We father , that as him , thus he th'affliction bestow of encounter myself suffers ourselves That I Of bring Hamlet's We 'Tis Your loneliness ourselves That of We action , are an prov'd . show — much How I my nobler to not of be mind is that in and ; heir , by sleep thousand — fortune sleep , shocks end , troubles natural sleep rub , come may respect life the of , and off pause calamity the death shuffled to be us sleep give makes bear , insolence patient bare With a The would . the dream have office proud long coil the bear , life weary from ills will something under puzzles that we the those the bear rather others does the conscience the the And And And lose With this of name with o'er enterprises of their great regard Ophelia the fair Be your humbly , long have does my ! sins Good My honour'd , of you words And As made more ; Are my . honest ? givers when There wax gifts Ha and means your your . beauty to lordship your , better , fair have my This than sometime of lord what , beauty , be honest Ay if That did Could did truly to a did bawd the . is did we but I shall did ; lord did have Indeed not stock believed that thoughts Let dost , go as well go know a to ; chaste as for nunnery a your yourselves nickname , lisp heard of more rest shall they noble , courtier's Th'expectancy soldier's and of what the more , and and will ; face have live to have The , I'll no , down mould quite deject and o'erthrown keep fashion the his and , wretched music most and honey jangled form Like Now see suck'd out . feature of of sweet T'have not spake , hatch sits There's melancholy the doubt do some be have the demand With the which His madness , in he quick : and shall neglected his I believe his of What think ? yet not it need , after the entreat , him as now grief Ophelia him the ear please , find confine or please you not . where him she so queen it let . love neglected you tell all hold be in , It best him her round with thus I , the tongue the your a to hand robustious you my lines I be shall Madness town beget , soul , hear temperance I - capable to , of whirlwind a . honour . let Herod Be action too ; the of action but word the that your the up , end nature be tutor and , a , O pated ears but discretion to own this the to at with groundlings inexplicable , the hold . which , image for , this overdone nature anything special mirror make that but or allowance gait that made not , nor the them age the the the , must pressure scorn as the and very the , your I them spectators the be of question indifferently made so of be the one . man humanity men strutted there so , bellowed Christians that accent lord and necessary villainous on down of , have they reform'd hope . shows some set set , the altogether , more than is laugh to too be the How . that now And Bid We ROSENCRANTZ will , my Horatio ! lord as just . spirits , Dost of absurd flatter'd ? think , but her , For thou of mistress candied follow tongue I may hast of for suffering , in man A that seal'd please pipe . her thou pomp be poor the hinges pregnant Why should lick . herself election nothing been mingled finger me heart , death this that Give my circumstance . of the before much ; note , judgements our , In , As Well censure we , of stithy It Vulcan's my imaginations , And For Do not . of in If damned mine after seeming join ; idle , I place How our and , fares Guildenstern others , is this will Enter , If They Rosencrantz the : answer , a this . To capons : you once dish chameleon's What th'university mine nor , I No That enact I Julius Caesar now with nothing Hamlet ; say was enact th' a ? lord ; was did lord and you him I capital kill'd . me of so stay ! O . hither To the mother Hamlet . that my head upon your ? matters meant I think you I a You are merry , I , lord Nothing lord . two suit a . lord do man and he , ' 'For protestation ; of . Lays her asleep returns , upon , leaves the King neck . The dead She accepts seems three some finds end . lord ? but in Poisoner again makes . away awhile is unwilling argument the fellow is show this all this that show or , all all Will they all all tell us all You all a this Full Is thirty Neptune's our hearts and twelve borrow'd thirties sheen been , late . are is grows and leave , shortly world fair , their thee functions one thou and behind : too fear ; there doubts love great love , rest the in the none husband marriage but of dead bed . memory we you me , kill husband think in my I When The Are base second A do Purpose violent like , Of we believe do , unripe when passion forget mellow sticks poor break speak oft to slave birth , but they but ourselves to What Where , most not a lead great The ending of violence enactures revels grief ; his fortune never hollow him shall tend : friend , of to devices So think thou when wilt , ends second wed thy give , husband is hope heaven , destroy strife it and , ever I lasting me break joy , face be the it Sweet she should leave , be ! awhile . twain play . offence in't i' th' a is the offence ? methinks , word there jest ; play call his touches . call o' what not . Baptista Let call I if , call the ; wince you call and , good call a chorus You a my chorus your mistake faces , chorus you chorus chorus chorus life Thy With On . His usurp of midnight else , drugs natural , magic ban , wholesome estate . my fares with King frighted murderer i' , poisons extant him very choice love gets , some Why watch So Lights All light Give not turn Would Half one , I a play , of players , sir ? the rest razed , reigns pound . This Of For good Upon For O , take the , the did , king likes you . recorders . perdie a me distempered ? of sir richer more purgation . would some perhaps this frame choler into affair , discourse . pronounce me to , the most mother You are is not wholesome and , of my , to , lord , good my not a , no Make Therefore you can . My ; matter . My you sequel bed once love times no to ? But admiration mother ? did us closet this mother's any you deny You me . distemper your liberty , I lack the grass grows Denmark voice have you the To into why me you himself your toil . do a pipe unmannerly ? you cannot you , that lord my understand My well . Will bold play finger and most my and . it touch these skill Look your how , look my you ; yet compass me mystery you a make it music me you me I . not have to you think instrument me do , would voice what me note ; from , my 'Sblood Call , you would , bless , cloud Queen God that's and Methinks . 'tis weasel . weasel a like is like say , blood . the . look do And O I The heart such . is by 'Tis me to , lose How Would To like , Soft soul The doth may safe , be she in this be hypocrites , my will , you dispatch not will estate along forthwith will near holy Most keep The all will Hazard so Out We will his as lunacies will shall England to many feed armour will majesty of gulf a mount things , lesser it falls . footed this - free GUILDENSTERN fetters pray I will , when which consequence Never a with petty thousand ten adjoin'd King now ROSENCRANTZ I'll the To My as that you 'Tis he's arras and more should closet home , us We I'll of nature The Behind meet some them ere dear , lord . o'erhear wisely , said tell , is I pause a my upon vantage makes you well go to my I , my , eldest ! be inclination stronger than . My A , O to smells it offence Is wash what's That My is being down ? O did prayer . heavens , blood the in itself Whereto of ? What neglect both And white confront prayer ere but enough come twofold the past , Of But to in To fault ambition Can Or ambition In There In the seen teeth shuffling ambition oft what ambition O Yet the is ambition And true ambition law . prize so itself justice this , what limed engag'd , that the well new be may All sinews ; and - to bosom ourselves there forehead What can state when What as death ? of babe praying assay born . now , I might I He took , A am heart . he to heaven . revenge , bread stands broad this , O To heaven he is take how his in audit crimes his And With , When , fit season'd for course as knows I passage of save salary , as ? mother and stays . go heaven . to remain below , heaven damn'd may kick days My . bear to to , with between and me mother . hear hear matter hear offended father what's thou hast much offended hear , much hear with you question hear Why how Hamlet now ? a . tongue . budge . you you you , wilt not . mother to . You , rood , not me a can are of you till see thou now for , A How Dead O Behind Help do help ? What , a I the Is King ? this . mother and As A deed kill a As . thy ! fool — deed good his busy , Take rash king , better , lady Polonius I And took bad with , as fortune shall I so is sit for hands have is damned If What That I Leave hypocrite grace That a sets Calls From blurs rude that so done the As As false With And very , the act what and loud The like , front kissing : and Mercury to like was this me thunders act Look An Hyperion's curls the presentment picture a form heaven a assurance world Blasting his your wholesome fair moor the this motion have for blood this on on A Could you cannot - step apoplex'd to serve To judgement That in But sense such hath judgement it cozen'd , eyes part judgement or reserv'd judgement you sans true sight - devil , judgement ? wax as hell judgement . virtue fire shame judgement without blind not would was't choice , blush sense thy no be own her in And Thou turn'st speak compulsive melt And speak frost itself as I As speak not leave my and grained speak speak . speak stole kings ears pocket his . diadem wings — your A You The laps'd your , he's your ! command Do , Do Save ! What time of forget and tardy to chide mad say soul her to whet amazement . mother you How Conceit between with O That , her almost acting , blunted to But Forth bedded , sleeping your life . excrements , peep alarm wildly son ? you , in in you do and heat patience . an hairs , at And with Your stand — piteous effects this Then . colour want Will Would whom ; you speak this Look you look what tears Lest My stern form His Do On , capable them make To all but nothing yet , it steals . liv'd he . away ! see brain the at ? is that how look there , in cunning time madness madness grace not keep in creation very And And have will the past not do And Yea make them unseen rank your . ranker . of compost these do good him in leave vice avoid what's avoid worser avoid , heart the purer with fatness is avoid go . O And virtue avoid a Assume habits avoid avoid custom evil to He gives use put That That , a Refrain or actions angel of other mine you half twain it . cleft you . change when next the To I'll And blessing do To either That I I death I The Let this King more . their heaven this , bestow must gave the bloat by on your bad will I must him only to will What no in to essentially his you , in damn'd madness , bed I that , word One I Pinch Or paddling let mad who him your . but a a I you cheek you tempt ravel , the would bat a do so , am neck with him kisses mouse , fingers matter , made life breathe that ? know , me , seal'd trust I letters the , I and my way , go it adders as will two my . to . schoolfellows sweep ; sweet most , below 't sport his at line shall Mother I'll blow with I now most , lug This For They There's bear me the to have crafts one the still Who Is Come Good , matter must Bestow this place us them These we have , Where as What is the mightier How ' seen while understand tonight lawless stir . to had To heavy , how liberty is been there answer'd all everyone . a with to to be His been so shall short understand But a , is it owner it most disease he from life . Where let and , us . what restrain'd so much was out ? whose providence of done gone ? our feed body of whom will and body — hence shall come the , body O'er sun sooner mineral a draw Shows body Friends body body Both We And know , madness speak I . you , bring in slain , ship with go closet Polonius some further . him dragg'd and up so world's the both call you . hath out Hamlet both join with , do , diameter ! Hamlet , dead . Believe ? what it not , Do Tell And where 'tis it chapel believe not made by . mine sponge up do the needs authorities ; soaks officers ape But sir . Ay of I sponge keep corner can them , the best his my sleeps is corner the you and knavish is corner I corner like last : corner in is — lord body corner ! all and fox corner and the my thing a the where us . A speech body King , it is Yet How A . this the of we put find man distracted judgement , so not Who But And the like By Deliberate . in lov'd the , all To their th'offender's He's 'tis my , Without now befall'n , reliev'd are hath Or not What , him my lord pleasure . cannot where body lord Now , my in lord Hamlet eats to your and at lean else king he At supper At ? supper Polonius certain end of eat alas , that . That's service e'en all fat fat , but where eaten ourselves variable and , us beggar Alas fish one but man fish the thou In within lobby as But If . of hath ? fed beggar Where shall yourself nose . place Go your a go show to but you how of Polonius if up seek . thine especial come till , that is bark With Which this To He . Hamlet . Th'associates thou , England England and done for , deed which fiery we do quickness For ready and the prepare must send thee England knew'st if ; sees it . Hamlet Ay my ; wife with mother him is have . on foot and . Thy , is loving that them cherub My and Come , him . hold'st thee sense , make you and free — us Since homage to sword cicatrice thereof love , yet After sovereign of present Hamlet to , Pays As if leans England That it not ; I'll hence tonight red — aught set begun were ne'er , my Captain Craves If me it he Fortinbras rendezvous us . march the would duty do't will I shall his know the ; these . my in our know so powers are , purpos'd , I ? commands Who them nephew to Goes the frontier of some Poland , of name profit a for Truly That Nor ranker , will it yield five , the never it should sold Pole ; fee not addition , defend straw peace . sir ! you of th'imposthume dies b' you Two is wealth . lord , wi' my me a ? little of . more no , Go do man be you go occasions all spur If Sure before How Be That that Bestial fust us sleep Looking my dull good us and unus'd quarter'd live cause . Examples parts say will gross yet ever which thought Of To to capability and , after made three I in too precisely hath do , in quarrel , what mouths spirit And Sith I Why To Whose Led a such that for When greatly stir , Exposing eggshell . to at of my and a stand , a cause time , this enough try from nothing . plot see , fight of will speak I Whereon to their the like the , or indeed be would much ; she , hears , doubt she have ? Her use to hearers collection up and nods to and thoughts , it at it speech move , yield them , heart is beats thought of and speaks enviously Yet the words sense half at world straws . her father in her Let make Though 'Twere good she as Which That her would , their they botch The were one sure nothing Indeed Dangerous , And sick in . jealousy to great for might , ill come Each So my soul , beauteous hat his From should I your now Majesty be itself is Alas , lady sweet And How By his How , Say you another shoon imports this , you mark lady , He He and and . heels but Ophelia . was baker's God ? go ; love - all look , here you what we have let's you , what , are Which dild God we but How , They an , clothes , a ! an on't end . his donn'd the , that chamber Pretty wed . shame blame brother ? she , to counsel cold thus , tumbled and , she You I long hadst ha' would will to , hope An come been not hath must lay done me to by yonder my bed But shall , it single spies I watch ground night coach My . be close is ; I . you poison of good ladies your sweet good . and the thoughts have just son , he muddied ; this in - as are we mugger death and Divided Polonius' , own unwholesome ; to which from his your gone battalions ; and people done father violent inter and in much in wonder not pestilent on , and herself the hugger Thick Feeds In secret his of buzzers is and come keeps of . in our stick brother With Wherein ear Like ear And nothing . O , dear person matter Gives Will murdering me and The yourself , overpeering is , the with in world offices as ratifiers impetuous haste , him riotous but now more ? Laertes , his of lord flats not every be they false . broke are , in leave . dogs . stand Danes you all without me will let's you will . bastard . Laertes door O unsmirched , father that's the so not , my me the between thy is looks . doth to Gertrude divinity , what , would king a - chaste mother calm harlot proclaims brow . peep . Speak That treason of There's go That art little him Acts I dare damnation . To this I comes throughly for give you the ? all stay not world them little Laertes you desire father's That Of My my And sweepstake If dear death will and ? my arms a and am Will , None you thus them them speak true . in come your for your grief your is that , gentleman you salt mine by of , times seven weight Ophelia eye rose sweet . of noise be , beam my up the turn sister shall madness out heaven Till By our heat Burn sense nonny you , on ! down thus revenge didst call not move him false , it a becomes ! It master's ' the him Hadst 'Down A rosemary , for nothing's . than more is me . for you madness remembrance the steward There's There's , that's We fennel there pansies thoughts for . I love pray that's ; for . columbines of There's affliction to end is my when and , And is dead come not he not no to And , never beard will favour She All is mercy on cast we will , he No His He again , b' . gone poll again as his white away I , Christian , you whom And of And Our They crown If , our direct and God soul . with your apart you your or satisfaction wisest Go God grief friends but hand collateral I choice us labour ; this obscure content if that we us , call ours , soul o'er from . in ostentation your but ; to To of give your — burial 'twere nor you pray you is the . heaven formal hatchment nor his his bones me call't with let great go They . know do should Sailors , are , sir from comes shall I greeted th'ambassador fellows old pirate a boarded of , sea the too Finding means two chase of ship , in . warlike thee and't as bless . him him know letter if sir name is it overlooked letters On the for , appointment on . did I sent yet ; the a compelled am they got were we this we ; I dealt to have too , their these direct , have King the alone as thou wouldst will letters what . became fellows thine Farewell thee letters . speedier will whom ear him And of am To do't the I you you he which put must from you may them acquittance your and hath Pursu'd . your my conscience my a friend slain for with appears so were You not wisdom , perhaps , for , much for life soul which myself Queen mother , his motive other but . in The seem special his so She's may Which O to to safety and your So yet virtue or by , mainly stirr'd almost as could to a public count be to plague me you Lives But I , great , the but by moves my My her might gender my bow so have so worth , on . perfections my ; that graces have to the dipping Who the A into a driven reverted spring And Too his like Would the Convert slightly not Stood your we we And , it That And For mount . so flat teach more , think dull danger love ? that I not think I can pastime of for sleeps lov'd , Majesty ; Who ; He receiv'd not ? the you our How now will . This to Letters Sailors They my were shall brought by they say Claudio that you hear . us Leave kingdom it mean the such thing ? back . rest ? ' my of ? no set see the I all and says Know Hamlet's And am warms in It shall and it , 'Thus 'Tis I That I the live will o'errule me ; otherwise me peace to lord ? How , If should you be ? be rul'd it thou tell diest ? it , return'd . practice . will quality devise could , It you I call it if rul'd organ , My I That talk'd Hamlet's might of right be have And one falls that You Wherein settled Than The his too and , they As What very was a , months — the , the , seat the far . forgery incorps'd doing grew . livery careless and the well he and natur'd , gallant the my . the of Norman shapes did what ? he He unto his his - was't A , topp'd thought . of short And such He cried in you made well . He the . masterly very know I and exercise brooch . he sudden What That Did them could Your Laertes out envenom envenom That If envenom envenom , Hamlet envenom are envenom And that see , is your you this , father of ? you to a ? you ? heart father the without you of painting you But love you . it by it , you th'ulcer o' , goodness flame of , you , changes would proof accidents still a . delays are is . back More easing 'should' , as this we to growing , in do tongues abatements hath And are than No Frenchman on generous wager Most you do this , on And return'd Will put And little shuffling heads and in that He ; a will but him pass with , fame in , from so may virtue so mountebank father free , ease you , of practice . simples simples simples , simples , means , scratch'd simples from all , further convenience shape . Soft , that simples and dry . see , fail project simples him prepar'd , end stuck , to you motion your bouts for for chance How now ! O a Of That There is Your tread Our woe Drown'd shows his with cold shepherds do pendant , willow grows , flowers maids . follow sister's drown'd , them weeds sliver Her old distress , up could not , it , drink indued , wide herself and envious fingers , lay drown'd is she Which that like time the weeping mermaid one she - like , awhile long with their my her When Adieu . what that , gone , Ophelia , holds But poor drown'd , Drown'd Let have I therefore be will forbid it nature our is woman But say I fear had to let's Let's speech this it would that folly Gertrude Therefore Christian salvation own is and in buried her make How . in her own 'tis she unless , be that hath , argues therefore ? burial her an act : here to and , herself to it it Why offendendo cannot and it herself drowned finds Christian burial . three and the , man the , stands , him will — is come guilty death him hath argal : an act she his drown to not his himself , Here Nay lies water that himself not drowns thou say'st been But shortens the But Argal you , Christian in on't truth should Will the marry , gardeners Why ditchers there countenance What , art world to And drown grave first none bore had hold no is There the ? The thou without not arms the tenants shipwright thousand well the the . thee to ? understand either the ill than What thy It gallows builds Who tell me that To't church frame ? mason come a tell can , now Ay , Marry . his not tell ? carpenter . or Cudgel In youth ; houses and more ; your for this . of . meet a liquor love ; sings nothing of there time methought O grave it e'en in - making him the Methought his property little hand hath this contract 'Tis hath land . at daintier . steps stealing his sing jawbone hath the into been could would be as it , As a This It in had and 'twere circumvent God , might How lord my age But And my when - o'er ground might , pate which this it . lord Lady be one's This might . meant Worm's fine no and , breeding think play about the to we , it my , so with to A a and For not , dirty with Why ; the that suffer and , his rude quillets pit a may . another a . Hum . Is might shovel fine of his , him cases will his purchases pair his , be the time in's in this ; of fines not now Where ? lawyer tenures knave tell great double my , more a no must his the his vouchers than lord more box parchment of his of , himself inheritor . ha made and of of calf and sheep speak calves Is to are seek Whose guest thou 'tis . be . sir yours not it . me it dig lie thou ? for . lie to . thine thou from therefore 't dost no lie ; will quick sir lie and What none man lie Who is ? lie buried was How undo it , us the of near the heel One th' o'ercame I - rest but speak these . three the We , so picked , years I long comes have that the his Lord is ! that kibe — day How the of our the if he or England wits his tell came , young you Cannot be 'Twill not was ; mad not because , with e'en How Upon what say mad ground here and . rot you last his eight , in How I a man lie die in . be if that will rotten not will before year Why hide nowadays or , dead water whoreson A sir fellow's Nay , skull pour'd of the not know mad a , was a Alas skull same him . pestilence for a My is a Takes gorge rises at Where times thousand oft ! his me it , see of back on ? Not songs your not the This once fellow Horatio Let . E'en infinite jest of merriment most excellent fancy ? wont gibes Here and of , that be it now , those lips that gambols your set to hung - Prithee her Quite . o' own grinning , i' lord Alexander may till he smelt so E'en consider too return so my curiously so hole - trace imagination ? stopping bung not to But that lead a 'Twere jot it into a loam to thus dead Caesar and of Imperious , such corse which The Queen which loam which which Might earth wall soft that But which Should which ! with And , they , doth . youth . Mark , order the death her , on prayers was enlarg'd lodg'd the . and last have . command unsanctified Her been else ceremony rites thrown doubtful home charitable For . o'ersways dead be and more service such , souls done the be unpolluted wife . Hamlet's ; sweet Ophelia howling maid to Farewell to , sweet to to , deck'd thy treble treble deed woe to ingenious a . dead more that on to cursed mine earth , arms sense . caught upon a the mountain Pelion old this of To o'ertop such wand'ring Bears What wounded Grappling with him take ! thy well from my soul me am fingers in wiseness fear not Thou though Yet O will my , I Gentlemen lord be will longer ? forty of her for , mad . sum my up lov'd ! do thou here her tear ? Woul't To I'll Woul't weep 'Swounds up drink ? woul't Make Ossa Be buried with her us on of against prate an . madness are . thus ? and do himself . dog what mew But that , the fit mere on dove upon in pray I What The cat This Good thee I Strengthen in An We'll So much . all Remember , prais'd Worse And plots indiscretion the would Sir When That in let there — was , well . fighting certain me . in teach know should us let us ends us how them hew our we - cabin , dark the withdrew fine had , my in , found ! knavery commission room packet from my making bold , off no supervise the not thou wilt thus more at I . with prologue the could benetted make begun a the I round new to did commission play write baseness Devis'd to , wrote and it fair but our as ; I Wilt thou sir labour'd I to , brains me it , wrote . the , might faithful . do fair forget A hold good his was earnest An As Without should He on debatement the like and such a further bearers - allow'd . or of , put was many That stand between England the amities , ordinant , to sudden death contents , purse , day th'impression , sea Was Not How , Subscrib'd So man Why The our my own the conscience their incensed baser insinuation pass opposites comes points — mother , my hopes my , Why not kill'd , quit be let In shortly issue more than It What will be short . known evil our for my king between angle — arm this this cozenage and conscience not . Horatio good , sorry But And But life's his bravery a comes passion grief court my I'll . am Laertes image of tow'ring his myself cause forgot I very of his Into back ? this him to . I know beasts say his He lord at were and the if all his your bonnet his a . dirt leisure but of , I . 'tis very . Majesty spirit . thing impart should , you from of for indifferent sultry me , to signify as — has I for hot and , my , very , complexion my wind the cold indeed you 'twere matter he it Methinks lord ; believe very , is , absolute society soft continent remember the , that , in what or great showing . is most gentry would of mine the him ; of in no suffers find , such is The concernancy Your lordship , neither , I dearth his not and Why speaks else trace do in another . this in our , sir will faith — are words golden ? You , Laertes , Of Of spent are sir you would , his but man weapon but not I , That's Rapier and in imputation ; by of and the . himself . unfellowed ? weapon he's his meed sir he The are dear , his . dagger weapons six wager'd has very hath as , delicate carriages sides girdle , King which faith in assigns , I knew . I be more would carriages laid dozen against it you nine , and three , for ? bet , be to sir be Why shall would it three that in , the French six would conceited against it King liberal horses you is this trial your no immediate How hath your of If foils be win . if odd for I Shall , brought him my - sir flourish . the so will your lordship your . Yours the ? shame nature Majesty , gentleman can you and my lapwing with dug away the comply did same bevy of the time , his before he suck'd it encounter them habit outward them blow out do that know I the tune This of carries through of with to drossy runs and and collection the most kind on dotes age young to bubbles fanned a are and trial the his be . take King's pleasure longer , by hall whensoever now and some to instructs . She , wager this my before you You Since will the odds went desires lose he Queen . so you fall . matter . would gain as their repair forestall is it dislike in providence . if not be will it , not come come ; it . is't readiness he hither is a If it we not now . not come from . I . sir have gentleman have leave is the There's a special what what to to betimes ? heard sore have proclaim . wrong does here honour be ta'en Hamlet Laertes nature I , himself not it then Hamlet from he's And Who does might Was't Roughly awake knows presence it Hamlet Let so , this madness is denies Laertes Hamlet not ? madness His , faction , wrong'd faction Hamlet Free me nature stir faction faction honour of no my faction and masters precedent of will But my arrow brother . this satisfied terms . faction and in , voice not your will faction in far shot hurt revenge stand keep Till To To my motive I I'll one wager brother's embrace frankly come for us offer'd known peace love . like till , that love receive I it freely , shall Stick your me off a like You foils know . hand , the lord o' well the Cousin . sir you odds ; Hamlet side see have seen length a another This me heavy too first King Let Or in the the The Set likes well These the their Give The Denmark's Richer than the earth , the , cups speak without four which to union . to the to kettle successive me , breath better ordnance exchange ; second fire third trumpet the . bear to , Come on my , palpable hit . thine ; is cup brows , rub breath Hamlet . madam carouses will my . Aside lord , I My . for Hamlet scuffling at wounds change . Have ? are incens'd and , rapiers lord ? Osric Laertes sides . bleed Queen there own ? them Queen , to , No O no How see woodcock to justly She see The villany drink it ! I O see ! drink drink , see Hamlet is out . can an in here see King's poison'd see to : lie to envenom'd , the . half foul mother's Thy not there medicine in here It thee world thy . serv'd by is justly poison with a mother himself upon . to sergeant act , Queen thee I'll behind live , a by ; go , Horatio Let . didst thus As good O cup yet th'art a me draw my , me breath from Horatio the o'er die poison live to quite England come story from world tell this in To my from and . heart my news crows , thy hither rest drum . sweet drum sight drum prince , drum this cease ? drum it or woe is at ? eternal O death , drum . hast hast . princes toward cell shot . in England sight hast hast bloodily is is a hast too , dismal hast thanks ? dead come hast Guildenstern are ears Where Rosencrantz , for life are , England , can All deliver , heads casual and , to the call And upshot For upshot And Of that upshot claim my will upshot upshot , upshot . my this kingdom me invite speak more , on draw lest perform'd . more the stage his war sight put for he the for but . here soldiers , bid bodies the Speak , field the , shot editions previous be United copy without the distributing copyright and PROJECT a the an including for charge , protect is you trademark eBook paying the with is redistribution of using Gutenberg by mission way any promoting the the online of or . Project Gutenberg agree to all return access bound or be the E . be a people by are . electronic Project Gutenberg the Foundation below Nearly copyright Archive in the E United on the course distributing the copying based Project removed by the the works associated terms are Gutenberg or references to creating will to compliance access in Gutenberg with format the terms with with name its you The can do state of creating Gutenberg . works work the other you than , with full , following have whenever prominently immediate E . on eBook This . You the may of performed , Gutenberg Project viewed included . away individual . U is it that indicating protected not . texts holder United copyright the derived E the are from or requirements of the forth If with permission . the E . with will be must additional E . Do prominently active . links not , work . with not Do work or detach any associated , of forth distribute the and . However Gutenberg or , this of hypertext ASCII must the a form other a , request upon as for access any distributing specified in format . E electronic calculated Gutenberg Royalty which periodic to paragraph trademark . date each Foundation the to calculate prepare your as marked about of e by You writing or to agree the must of all copies provide , electronic any You money work . in electronic Project forth If the terms the are terms E terms works terms Gutenberg terms not Defects terms volunteers to volunteers volunteers . volunteers . volunteers by , identify volunteers by . by by Gutenberg by Literary trademark by Refund Archive Gutenberg by . this LIMITED defect with in a received receive with lieu copy second without F paragraph . F F warranties or . damages violates . Some this the work the . If shall permitted - any of and , Project or provisions agreement shall , expenses any distribution modification from with , this Project distribution free widest and volunteers computers of variety new aged of life will , In . Gutenberg to provide Gutenberg's middle with Project collection of and donations . middle middle the future gutenberg . Literary . see . Archive can Literary secure middle org middle , middle help Gutenberg www the Project support to provide critical generations reaching created come Gutenberg Project by Literary the identification . Gutenberg tax by laws a Project and status extent state's . org links about page at , office federal USA contact Information information NJ Foundation tax laws gutenberg of mission without the Project to at full permitted laws and Foundation's the at accessible its out Foundation your the to located - can depends Gutenberg and , and of are of machine - donations are not fees and to the many to states all with requirements and not do confirmation solicit complying committed and , distributed number public increasing public domain laws United donations the tax SEND we state keep regulating . IRS to is paperwork . requirements solicit compliance of org donate . in from gratefully . donations of status the requirements met www do solicitation not gutenberg . compliance contributions cannot have While not we the accepting approach against and International outside Gutenberg eBooks are confirmed notice copyright are volunteer . created support as . of the electronic forty payments online and card electronic the he loose could of do search PG Literary how to . and about to make to how to eBooks new eBooks Gutenberg , Gutenberg