Nay struck come Long me the He You Barnardo live answer ? unfold . thee guard cold . bitter bed Francisco to ? make . night and bid , Stand . to ! Who you . good - Give has Barnardo you good Give farewell , of Horatio is , good . there Barnardo him Say , Holla Touching I let not sight hold tonight ? Marcellus night along this speak apparition minutes Therefore to watch the this of entreated , if approve With And , twice seen That us That are down assail our story . westward of hear once 'twill and , not Sit let What we fortified us Tush And And night Barnardo Last When two we . Look it , the ; King ? it the like , Horatio . it King part of where beating Marcellus The bell then one comes that's with fear Mark It be to this time and fair that heaven Question usurp'st Horatio a not Looks Did art it stalks offended away Denmark form Stay sometimes march ! speak ! Horatio ! and ! not ! 'Tis Is Before not ! As thou it was the very he ! had to art Norway armour th'ambitious the sledded and hath 'Tis in on when strange . the an combated When So frown'd smote twice Thus In in And this eruption to our and tell to before down , observant he our strange strict the brazen state my ; know cannon war and gross scope I work the the That even but I , the such Why What might not impress such Good least Was , on Fortinbras For Dar'd this law known a by ; world esteem'd him , King , pride valiant by and life combat of our by with Well slay prick'd to Did he Against the which , to all heraldry conqueror those his which Fortinbras , other there hand state lands and our unto those , enterprise , design'd and full , no is foresaid resolutes , take , land chief it which . motive e'en and watch and in our this , of compulsatory doth well lost main the to our - of of haste father Is by So source this sort no this state the mightiest tenantless most mote was That rummage : so like these wars . figure through high ere graves The preceding doomsday gibber trains the whose Was And and our Unto Upon in And like influence in harbingers soft I'll But be thee to foreknowing , me , earth O art thou speak , you death , partisan ! oft of in life thy Stay spirits Marcellus it my with , wrong 'Tis show the as it air malicious mockery . It gone To For The cock then And Doth of and summons , trumpet the is ; and fire shrill in , and of . erring object And present To Whether in day spirit crowing the earth crowing dawning Saviour's crowing then witch power planets the part eastward clad , crowing , crowing abroad it . crowing him to crowing , have , for , will upon what up of dew watch our , and , the o'er we young Do Unto Break This As consent Let Hamlet we fitting my speak with our him him , and I Where Let's , do't memory yet our be Yet Voltemand Attendant brother's our woe him kingdom joy state . eye now , sorrow a with this with and and , 'twere auspicious jointress remembrance one in discretion fought on one delight all which have , and have , affair Now Or to supposal you With to as funeral scale wisdoms For freely barr'd , in , message , gone thanks Fortinbras out and dream , to pester us for hears : disjoint the father and and purpose , to suppress writ meeting much all of his have , of with death frame advantage of young - nephew's herein and and we are in : of Out Cornelius is , Of Thus hath is fail'd not To for surrender those lands brother for : is scarcely all dispatch is . duty is , levies , subject is full ; proportions with Of things and We In , now And Farewell Giving that the King , articles : some of suit , of And That Than The shall is more . voice your The more my speak is hand throne Dread to came coronation again , willingly and whence show now And them bow must to gracious leave toward France . Polonius pardon ; Denmark bend confess wishes duty From Have do his beseech you , your you lord fair , him and wrung By hath My my and thoughts Yet I leave Take I , kin than son thine . than will ! kind sun . you Denmark lids dust common with , good ? mother cloak inky forc'd solemn I . eternity the in . die . lives must seems thee know not , black dejected windy customary suits of , seem Nor , the can have me truly show of suits man moods all denote in your obligation 'Tis But duties sorrow a condolement . lost To A It lost , filial must But 'Tis To you know these the , Hamlet , the course grief , survivor a and , commendable do In father your nature mourning obsequious most and , to common a fault 'tis to impatient ; nature died hath , corse of reason fathers be must From Is death To it A dead the we An For what Take the This of You Than that toward retrograde back impart are the with to less immediate , absurd till ' let the of throw still who to think and pray for no father . first Do It And Here in is thy not pray I a loving , to not prayers a madam Wittenberg reply you , Hamlet eye to and bruit shall grace ; heart to health to unforc'd 'tis Denmark clouds away , again tell ; solid . God melt would a fix'd O , whereof of accord and gentle This flesh dew ! not , and should unweeded two nature in gross to so this , mother come an , flat Everlasting - all the fie ! uses and world 'tis , to Seem How By Niobe O A not Must what Visit two longer A all month , tears beast brother father's she my she , even she — post father mine like a incestuous , to speed good hold sheets it . heart not . flushing salt . Would Like . I to Hercules . but the yet My . But break Horatio . am glad your to I or , The same poor my your , good servant I make I'll And my from Sir name that you lord ? Horatio Good you do hear , disposition truster of so — truant . student depart ? report good my . say funeral . me to mock not was , it lord tables Horatio heaven funeral The ! Horatio seen — I Would Did , teach My thrift , Or Indeed do my follow'd mother's king a all . yesternight , in like Who him father deliver while . gentlemen night , the A figure - like had middle together , you to marvel the your Season Stand , to truncheon's oppress'd and with jelly secrecy not they did me watch the kept good , and , in true . like more both knew time to , fear , watch where ? father your methought in cock like lord My made up it it the , motion then it from our morning shrunk lord . away , did and as it our duty troubles , it in down writ know you BARNARDO watch Hold MARCELLUS , We , indeed To did my but , tonight ? this top you say Both lord . lord ? to face his wore he look'd , What A yes in countenance Nay , very or Pale , sorrow his constantly Most fix'd I would It would , Very like much I have like . Stay'd tell BARNARDO and , longer haste MARCELLUS Not Longer when with one moderate I might . saw't , in grizzled as to my have my father's it noble hitherto conceal'd peace your shall tenable an understanding else whatsoever your loves platform And requite the visit eleven . 'twixt Our I'll honour your to you you . twelve , come ! sleep from ? his blood toy of , sweet more ; doubt minute a that not . in doubt nature lasting a . so doubt . more alone doubt , soul doubt besmirch , and mind this grow as doth must doubt is now you , waxes own , state says believe body loves place be of circumscrib'd whole it you . may goes further sustain his withal and yielding if is no honour you your list your or , importunity act to particular ; which Denmark ear chaste dear open , songs treasure sister your desire . strokes of dew disclos'd spring of . are youth imminent be calumnious the are not 'scapes before blastments and buttons are in lies none else are . are treads . are good this . ungracious ; leave aboard my . with memory his thought precepts . Laertes There second your , of a double grace sail for shame . tongue blessing , in thoughts with , thou them Be Bear't Of each character for ? Aboard shoulder hast unto not soul thy palm dull hatch'd , but with their by . any familiar a quarrel being thy buy , station . judgement . in voice beware , chief lender a the proclaims reserve few but , purse ; best rank generous the both of a of in most select borrower nor and oft a loses dulls borrowing And This canst Farewell invites leave your servants lord . it tend remember and , to said , the shall I in he Ophelia you Have of audience to well bethought free caution of been , be told time way in that Given private not As understand and your so I so as daughter me yourself and you 'tis of hath he Marry your you touching ; you something you you ! Unsifted his you , you Marry you tenders to like perilous such You me made affection you call I a pay , what for ; yourself think Tender dearly ; with love fool a honourable , you'll me the poor lord . heaven , to go . know soul , prodigal blazes , in , do my go , fashion to vows of call countenance holy speech I is . fire as heat : vows burns catch how woodcocks the daughter , a extinct , for promise tongue than scanter entreatments it maiden From making ; young ; rate Lord is Hamlet For he ; that In tether vows dye of Breathing , to ; like Not not ; As to I Have in ; Look ; The to't you I shrewdly air it and is nipping What it , I Wherein No it not think a ? I the spirit this wake tonight and trumpet and his of draughts his pledge a triumph it ; here . custom the , breach - honour'd to Is us And to This Makes More And The mind Ay , manner heavy the traduc'd and drunkards , though it vicious , cannot nature birth though o'ergrowth the their habit though down though say plausive though livery , though manners and that too — of though that forts one star as pure undergo , as corruption take dram of a . lord it own of ministers my his and a thee me thy burst Why Let Have Wherein we up dead thus hideous the corse , we again of thee What thee and may ! his thee cerements again saw thee Revisit'st Making thee is beckons As if thee To what to a not go thee more alone . go some impartment do you Look with It No , then by speak ; not what set my for Being waves tempt to And draw you into deprive place puts motive many it , toys ? of Think desperation every other some sovereignty your there might very Without looks You Be each My rul'd Hold so shall It And Go on not ; as hardy makes And As the Nemean call'd Still am I away I'll , Nay . Mark wilt My I , flames myself me to and I'll hearing . thou , to revenge shall , Speak me thou So am for Doom'd a the foul Till And I thy father's am when I unfold hear . hear , night , forbid nature , father list be O , thy eternal the fretful dear . blazon God didst O Haste Murder in , as , revenge with my the best unnatural ; than apt fat Lethe be thou shouldst I or find to to May me this stir that , in ; forged the know so sting of . thou thy his father's crown prophetic O Now wears to that The Is by Rankly serpent stung my but that serpent With O will So From That of Though To So I Upon mine lust virtue whose hand whose a hand marriage But though methinks me But Brief soft be let And in porches distilment enmity such the on scent Sleeping hebenon of Upon custom secure leperous an quicksilver alleys a swift cursed with whose man the ; posset milk , mine So droppings , bark'd of doth sudden as , it eager gates vigour in ears . by , tetter crown , most of my , All like instant sleeping a . sin of ; unanel'd hand , not Denmark , most head horrible ! be in horrible on sent bed of thou mind thy couch the luxury howsoever hast ! O But not those Against not mother to prick thy sting glow worm And her to And and Taint 'gins shows adieu A aught thorns I shall O that . Fare uneffectual pale Remember matin . near once ! bosom , at me . fire ? heart , memory all matter . smile may , it is pernicious volume of , damned and be it and , Yes Meet O all , all trivial , baser the thy That book And youth commandment and ! smiling heaven , it ! a in set adieu have My I , uncle least there It , 'Adieu I HORATIO Within ho ho Heaven it , Within So . ho Illo . What , No , reveal , my say How you then Ay There's ghost To without right tell us are more you , that i' this lord my , shake circumstance shall hands my business and pray go poor . words , heartily , heartily you , offend no There's Yes offence , honest by much an your For O'ermaster't you as are As Never you Give , lord tonight . lord . lord already indeed there the thou , fellow this sword seen . truepenny . sword again of speak Never Canst ! more work i' by Swear to old pioner Once Come a this night as in soe'er , I but more dreamt as before perchance hereafter never therefore stranger To at odd , are , Than stranger an thus such your in of As stranger encumber'd of , or some stranger we you ambiguous , stranger strange That 'If stranger Or arms So Or list , you , all so what his poor a . your Let lips us , I pray , do together set O cursed it go do do out not on and spirit do do commend man , do notes do inquiry make Reynaldo good . lord , did I , well said Danskers what . behaviour , to intend Look and more question you , nearer friends Reynaldo ? him on wild , heed liberty my , gaming As Quarrelling But , As are him , companions wanton and fencing would . may You another to but taints may meaning is open the and : outbreak That's not savageness of a general . my you liberty fiery his of assault in But A Wherefore a here's I know of , warrant my , of in 'friend or guilty consequence sound my , it sir believe a 'twere Your ever seen Mark you , the you prenominate , or country good man lord does He , 'friend At , Your , There : or There Videlicet : With windlasses thus do : saw a him falling : of his him Well I Observe my lord now been what's name was I in I . affrighted ? do I it fear . arm his thus of and his , shaking of up all , shatter shoulder , me lets . help their go will ecstasy of property the violent the is oft does As have you given him as letters . I am hard desperate under of sorry denied and . mad he did our my age opinions but judgement trifle jealousy , move provoke it man be , hath thus it inward that young of so dream to your rest so by here in your and to our humour with court , and up you , both brought youth days I . his , us to , open'd hath men If gentry with time of and us good hope , awhile , will living please will it talk'd there adheres , much so us and shall king's your power sovereign pleasures king's you more into king's king's king's king's Guildenstern you son And , your both ourselves be and Rosencrantz To service dread king's Put here To Than give We and feet commanded and And And much changed make Pleasant , and and and and Ay helpful . been return'd , practices him . father Assure and or else my , amen , mine , King brain gracious hold , feast do . do this do of lunacy so sure . do found . Hamlet's do that to fruit My He do first my , tells head father's my Say The no we shall o'erhasty but , Welcome Most His what , first of , the age Highness 'gainst arrests , in more Majesty brief your in fine . griev'd found truly , which out and him to sent suppress ; appear'd and whereat Polack ; he , Norway and with out obeys annual soldiers those in to thousand of overcome herein give safety for dominions regards As It likes more our Through it your That might such as entreaty With On , And at therein , this and home and think consider'd you thank set well consider'd time this - together is expostulate . consider'd . is , what duty day night and business consider'd well be day liege should , And Therefore Why consider'd be will Were consider'd consider'd it I , is matter he And That Mad farewell it I true . use art , effect now 'tis art mad . true that else . less to use no art go pity figure at , remains Perpend . gather my me daughter a and soul's but shall , most 'beautified' . phrase : vile idol , and — phrase an , phrase hear a vile her the I from this you this madam Ophelia dear Good Hamlet to , to I the awhile ; faithful daughter mine by most O these at dear But As And obedience hath this best show'd solicitings , doubt be stars thou Doubt Doubt thee most I I Doubt above by out in ? and me a faithful hath think you and love given love hot she what , As Before I man . so fain would But But I perceiv'd had When As prove seen daughter dear 'Lord not Admit repulsed to a sadness , And Which be should she into That messengers , Fell a the Thence may be you lightness watch and wherein Into a positively prov'd I been there have When it I very fain so ? this . I'd , Do think such this You be And keep a it loose poor loose the look loose Away him I loose I'll How loose , God a loose - mercy Hamlet give both . comes reading . leave . a . man picked a is ? Honest honest be sir , a you i' by at gone me this . And I'll speak . How say Have lord . harping . extremity suffered I said he . Aside I youth him words read my , my ? slave their the matter ; All I it which are faces the mean . tree hams yet . gum sir , beards most and that you potently . Will you wrinkled , go be wrinkled wrinkled , Though wrinkled wrinkled yourself believe wrinkled My contrive not A is out happiness , take will prosperously that sanity except sir suddenly You my , Fare there lord , my my . sir he . part willingly my more life except old , lord thou , dost ! Good . how do of earth both ? over not the children indifferent the As we we of her very the . we favours her she middle privates , news strumpet hither friends to , prison lord my , the Denmark makes it ambition none thinking then Why , ambitious indeed it are dream merely ambition the is but a of a dream very that nutshell one To shadow's airy shadow and and court our a but beggars our are . shadows to speak in beaten you such To visit am even are inclining we say , What to confession . I in know To what end my , King good , You which the the the you ever charge fellowship - preserved , be , love withal To then lord the know , it , look with seems goes to heavily me all so lost , earth the canopy majestical thing to and in paragon of ? by Man smiling was , no such stuff you seem ; me delights We . knight laugh mind players freely are or the shall foil end his target and offer , in , what way have , and tribute lover ; peace ; part o' the blank tragedians halt in of sere verse reputation the Are sir and , of , are call and quills , so for't Do rusty not there now that scarce How 'em can ? goose ? Who clapped wonted they ; but on are players writers own their their no grow no - dare succession and a for was There and . on exclaim do means common ? do ? the cuffs to ? question possible poet no while nation to the to been both carry boys has Do argument throwing about my uncle lord do for apiece this would is not very that , the my more than , you Gentlemen make fifty at ducats There are welcome my extent is lest appurtenance is something . Elsinore like uncle , But . north north fairly my hawk with - be not to them yet a of me tell to prophesy Happily baby you , and Well you too twice for : lord , I have sir , My Monday he second come a Monday Monday ; you Monday my lord . hither you have Monday Monday news to Monday actor - either - heavy too cannot be Monday , unlimited . pastoral The each world historical the judge O tragical actors the Then liberty of law writ he Why passing loved The Aside I Am not my a Jephthah daughter my ? that ' th' on . you first The follows that well , I was it . you to Thy ! I show , know , like you lord more . abridgement as am most in old all glad ? Pray . chopine ladyship falconers fly us , your voice . Masters , anything of than I like you , acted never it it — a much , a the million others as make if a excellent modesty , top was but of set a — was as with remember the were a , in as to and in a as an as speech the , it the your in live thereabout might : see me wholesome it it , lines phrase sallets down received that , fine honest If let , me to method One let . sable the did he it slaughter . see , resemble complexion whose begins to black in , with ominous night daughters , gules dismal and horridly with . Head streets and gore the Roasted the hellish you carbuncles and a wrath . proceed coagulate Priam with , in and it where lies Greeks , finds antique ; of in . him , falls sword senseless his fell , flaming rage Unequal His sword Ilium a strikes sword with . blow his to Pyrrhus tyrant seem'd declining ear , th'air , with lo milky to painted , nothing the against see Did on i' will often some rack and anon speechless his the , death heavens and still , Mars's And rend The A Doth like in bold As And , a the winds hush silence as as the vengeance Aroused we region him forg'd remorse the Pyrrhus' , new bleeding ! for fall you hill fellies wheel heaven her power of . the the — beard of your bawdry , jig barber's This long . Hecuba ? queen' queen' good . flames the on or . A . threat'ning , stood diadem o'erteemed of th'alarm and 'Mobled malicious limbs she that make themselves treason see move Pyrrhus did husband's at eyes the . then gods of and . more passion in made , this of rest no burning the out you brief bad you better were players speak Do soon you tears ? hear turn'd . them Use in merit . man bounty sirs Come ? better a than the . to live of their epitaph dignity honour and The them . friends . study not could lord I need . my you for , Ay and , would a mock good lord My , are Ay Rosencrantz b' rogue force , peasant that this of own distraction so visage whole and eyes , his ? soul , For his voice his her all Hecuba him , to weep or ? and would He the have he should ? his in's function for he his to her for motive general ear guilty , of eyes muddy ignorant and was dreams whose - property defeat say a nothing No breaks , Am made . it me and ? lungs take , Who blows it liver'd gives should - bitter , and or Bloody . fatted the lecherous , offal oppression all have pigeon am slave's treacherous , should To make I nose With an , Oh ass the to like , A fall struck the of I like Fie brain sitting play drab dear ! vengeance Why murder , to , son With by About And Must the the . cunning my scullion I know course , guilty For They Have Play most Been mine it my he The damn catch relative Abuses Wherein May be T'assume weakness devil More I'll than my a of Out Nor He turbulent does be why can But And him all no sounded , aloof confession , in assay , raught did to we court order . him about kind these that . in on play before They fell so seem , entreat to to think . him it there it you Madam of him the so inclin'd , him and and hear With And my And have For we To gentlemen on him it doth . no do cause wish , love suffers the good shall be We Her And for wildness both so beauties your To , it bring That That thus him by your th'affliction , his for . I again your I . honours his Ophelia : Hamlet's Will obey him part , Of will Ophelia Your lash — of — That 'Tis too loneliness ourselves . We here — prov'd , that too . sugar , on may with we visage in ! plastering that . The a withdraw , Let's helps that thing to speech , ugly deed heavy Let's , the of to Let's Let's the troubles , Let's is Let's rub coil — die the die — sleep Let's question fortune a to and against arrows and end by ? nobler in slings opposing more by That that heir is heart And That to To whips the bear of merit the dispriz'd calamity shuffled sleep give off what dream wish'd ache For in us makes to be perchance to of have , would love Must When we pause of bodkin grunt With love pangs who , office love love the his a something country returns us traveller undiscover'd , bear that make others rather love And to conscience fly will have love love now awry . pith hue does puzzles those we makes bare ? under of weary after from , life know of moment and thy , My And Is for humbly for you , for with And for them Take My for I I lord ; you , longed pray long for receive . I - deliver . to remembrances . aught you well you sweet right perfume breath compos'd mind , so noble lost should ? Are lordship fair to lord beauty Could , my proof . This into Ay That you What commerce will of you sometime truly his what is likeness it a was . it deceived sinners loved the was Why but yet a love shall You to my you of . of such proud I Go us do I not had , indifferent put What arrant We in . thoughts ? that them nunnery all such imagination as give offences I at to none your Where's could and to earth have very but heavens may crawling . between fellows father play sweet you . that , pure , I'll give thy nowhere marry . make wilt shalt you ! too restore heavenly , know ; O , as : paintings and face heard have , and you , Go to , of nickname no have no shall marriages lisp will rest ; your yourselves God's make nunnery men well , creatures Those more on't , here the the and fashion scholar's mind , quite of o'erthrown tongue form down most , rose , noble is of ladies the suck'd The glass soldier's and of tune observers out jangled noble with see bells ecstasy seen That Th'expectancy of form what Love Blasted unmatch'd I Was not he which lack'd on some T'have Like sweet His ? seen , of is , disclose , a in with which something brood , soul little tend not doubt spake what O'er Nor affections like do his sits his heart him ? thus puts in quick and the , play please . expel neglected : you now Lord , her please you . ear . you be all fit grief , let shall think confine she . entreat round , him him best ; send conference him be . shall great ones unwatch'd to do you players your as all ; air too go . not or . so pronounced of do for , a the it passion not saw had Nor use lines , as you the the acquire to honour your . special of the action nature , to word not the that from you word , purpose to neither o'erstep is the the playing as feature , warrant such - own the show to so , was hold it of scorn pressure unskilful the the and modesty whose , and but your — O which one be of that , the , neither having others , strutted had have so abominably , not nor bellowed . humanity accent and and men them , no that gait speak allowance Christians and . his form make man journeymen they Nature's set it themselves I more thought Christian — whole judicious play a ; the of theatre praise imitated . for That's that . the considered though , my . it How King ? ambition . ready spectators to be pitiful your clowns them the . a of most work piece of , the Bid two you the players them hasten ? haste make help the hear and ROSENCRANTZ will What , lord at art thou O lord hope the the soul may thee all distinguish was . absurd thou choice , rewards for , Hath , that Fortune's buffets . Fortune's - election been hear , wear man ? knee her thou that , judgement not she , core prithee thou of a . pipe co . father's the much Something thee so And well that of near very thee it I , told see'st of will him this King . unkennel ghost uncle the when Observe Do It I my speech as Give of seeming we guilt his is They aught place be , join . lord Well detecting . And to Enter feed I dish words not . eat Polonius Ophelia i' . you a accounted ? lord . I Julius . now nothing , I What did and you ; mine these was of , you ready ? capital th' ? th'university you did brute lord players I you ; dear calf enact you Caesar you Hamlet your patience Brutus you upon so you to hither No , here's Ay Lady the To here's I here's , No I , head my here's shall . in your mark ? here's here's . think my upon lord your . lord lie lord between my my . thought a Nothing What nothing , to That's - months a my father do lord ? merry Who are died months may memory great he build let the man's ! then a , heavens Nay ? lady , Nay die 'tis , the O long sables there's churches - with hobby a and horse Queen and upon head him and , leaves King and ears fellow and , he O But ? year a forgotten I'll for , black ago wear and else half yet of embracing . He him in , awhile , of in but of The again of unwilling Anon , King's comes a of a makes . in four is love of lord comes in Poisoner they'll . mischief of the accepts seems body Mutes carried away it the tell us him . not this Be counsel ashamed to you play . mark : means ? a of the or beg naught a stooping , For are this Neptune's thirty times wash . Phoebus' moons did Hymen bands been hands our lord Full And thirty world Unite But far is That , me I Since So us from my , your be Tellus' orbed sheen former it holds made you . are doubts in love cheer may most . count . and fear women's For Faith , My And , shalt leave great , must operant belov'd powers is Where little in For second but , marriage let confound O I Such None Wormwood of bed . love you what you husband I wed must Of we unshaken like kisses A kisses , fall necessary unripe kisses : kisses ; memory the kisses lose propose be kisses . break we doth the our fortunes 'tis on ; with question loves most What to doth for yet or love great doth doth To pay doth Grief joy Their The doth who orderly fates do so . prove fortune favourite fortune mark , is world should : love love seasons to devices wills But Nor and repose their husband our . own overthrown run dead . me prison face ! and nor is , light day and my of and me hope , turn hence a and what spirits grow tedious have would lasting be . I ? word methinks this you too she'll but Have you heard much play . thy mischance argument in ; poison how like is : world in't offence there jest Duke's of it : his us . Baptista a ? This work to my play the the Lucianus good your are would King the chorus lord groaning , You interpret , Thoughts , faces your cost Confederate begin It You and you With He is mixture natural and , creature and , seeing weeds usurp estate On choice gets Thy choice love . choice choice choice Away lord choice lights ungalled choice fares , What not Would sir , shoes fortunes get For O Didst the . pound . comedy , note very , king then ! Why Ah , Good my King , The sir whole a of . would perhaps this signify to rather richer choler ? into wildly mother most discourse tame great , affair some my in You you . affliction . sir , to the not I pronounce the be shall pardon me right do end my of , I mother's , spirit hath sent me If it return rather or . matter to the , as her sequel — such ? you . and there to you no is ? admiration ere go ? did any bed me stealers ? of once , do so still these love distemper pickers You to surely your the . your deny and himself King voice advancement . see recorders sir Ay the to lord door Good upon be can How , duty bold drive proverb of ? the in you the me wind not I , I Will . well of Let the . understand do of it no as give 'Tis eloquent easy I know thumb as these , lying : I Believe touch cannot now you mystery compass yet cannot and ; played , my be ; me , But you ; look a me , it fret pipe God bless Queen would that's 'tis and , mass By you a whale . me top like the come like by fool They by . a like to like By 'Tis like When churchyards now this like And to Would Contagion O heart , me be Nero not The and I How tongue speak look do world Soft now , the drink of itself I but shent , soul my , seals my My soul . Now could business nature Therefore stands not him lose enter this firm nor madness I let I forthwith along doth . grow endure , you shall Majesty single shall and and strength To shall shall lives of many It is cease ; shall of much more , ourselves keep shall What's Dies . of and Each mortis'd That is depend like . upon spirit The With all the The a a draw rest , gulf spokes not the but , but pray you but will I Are but ruin a , fetters ROSENCRANTZ the as but mother's us free - footed , this to put too will but but For . she'll , o'erhear a him , liege mother , more makes that audience than , begin shall I my inclination pause than snow ? Whereto offence brother's the prayer ere we come to up . foul what ? Can ? since force ? the but down past serve those , look murder possess'd still I'll twofold itself thicker Were To That My 'tis . my , above lies this But seen hand corrupted for be Try give to There Even what the his To Offence's teeth shuffling law is nature , that Help and . knees stubborn as soft , Art more state engag'd ! O when as it . one to be . steel . repent ? What rests . black angels with . now may . the well pat And kills am villain his To I now I'll . I I it . do't . do hire grossly blown who full and this ; scann'd villain : revenge , praying be for not bread of of course , broad the him him in To ; in't some of or swearing , Then trip him thou and and fit , he When At sword how audit my took He 'Tis he With all his And for a goes may soul prolongs . King , Up in drunk be thy my never thoughts go . and My about his of it heaven Look broad lay pranks straight home me silence you thoughts up but him . with too . have him screen'd , hath . be Fear me e'en . between here . coming you come , Hamlet , hast my question Go Come have how , now ? matter what's , thou Why Have you brother's a matter . mother can wicked now ? your you that speak shall you inmost part up No , wilt Help ? help You . those set , to I a till , help ho O Dead for . ducat A a What , help ? now , I am Behind , is King . farewell , fool ? the bad as and bloody ! down shall ; against proof custom it me let As your heart , thy some is busy . have and that done I heart heart penetrable I you . heart , heart makes glow heart love vows tongue thy wag against act off of forehead blister of this tristful Is , face as and and , there . of sick picture this upon Hyperion's what Mars , grace , me thought give god of . index two on this this ? brothers , to like the your this this is your wholesome brother , seem a to now what man : follows a you and threaten Mercury hill , you Ha blood this ecstacy , not day batten husband did Have leave that so of some it thus a judgement Eyes That To judgement Ears but Or judgement so mope , judgement bones sense matron's where feeling you such to for judgement judgement : and sure would is Proclaim be a judgement canst melt Nor Is apoplex'd madness , devil What a If not without hands sickly shame virtue reason will As honeying an to eyes I speak Over corruption rank the the , Nay speak . Stew'd in speak sty sweat Thou speak And speak speak In in These No more murderer precedent And it from shelf the cutpurse No put of me king your A A Save You That , your . go by . purpose fighting her strongest thy on soul works , stones pale you Whereon look gentle the son of , distemper excrements in in thy ? O do preaching convert to upon Do , not look action I what have me he for blood , this you ; colour true want the bodiless ecstasy brain . you nothing hear but nothing , habit . It me Bring . will test time , speaks your madness , weeds this compost , not It not that have makes matter Would To make Repent Infects ; within ulcerous your to , yourself on pardon twain . beg leave heart Hamlet O Good of have mine the fair this good not livery kind more not easy next the change next To not the curb potency the Once good not of Refrain angel aptly He the is , But the not . not do For And With wondrous almost not you their scourge this be him night , nature throw or , For and So again good lord this but this only him bestow gave shall more and , cruel word , that cheek your on wanton Pinch One . must punish Not paddling let the be I you 'Twere good gib , fingers you damn'd out him , a , let in . craft That try fly the , Would But For who in a ravel neck all am this his matter queen essentially Such thou breath your , and , Let letters and so 'Tis . seal'd There's I had forgot must will : as delve his Whom Hoist And When But Mother night man the me , life foolish into the And Is Come blow I set to , sir set set matter There's set most set must translate Good lug I'll set Where little profound , draw in set Who Ah , Bestow good as the cries Whips , 'tis fit seen both , O To , be us bloody this shall you His Alas how laid , But us ! we to be answer'd ; had deed had Among pure mineral madness he hath is was a divulging his we The ship base kill'd , fit feed , of whom O must both body . deed Polonius closet mother's excuse and friends , in haste you speak in out Into Go , pray hath , dragg'd him . diameter haply we hath slander , do aid , hath Gertrude hath And As his the And My hath level whisper . know untimely them chapel seek hath Whose Come hath hit full the poison'd let air woundless as shot . dead ? here 'tis kin they , whereto with the , be . it that bear to . it the by the Do Believe mine of , his , to Besides , service best have jaw what not lord be should when , I of lord us tell must them am King I is with , thing , the sleeps dry , sponge you body glad . the A me it the that him seek , Hide , and all after . grown reliev'd , my , bestow'd he is get is ? lord . your lord . my where's him know us ? convocation of certain emperor for diet dishes — supper At At supper he where to else to one fat him lean . at your worm that fish dost mean What thou fed king a of how show you Where beggar a of ? king a of , may If see , some Attendants . yourself place you To He will month Hamlet deed , for till this thou which we do hast tender , thine , fiery is quickness For With Which The For , England everything . and Therefore for England , purposes . is for wife . with I'll foot hence ; Father a cherub is But sees . Thy that flesh is , tonight you . Tempt and speed , England he rages done . my me , Captain greet Majesty kingdom that my joys ne'er king Fortinbras with his in of me his . a know conveyance by license , the . us promis'd , these . lord on ? them Poland you ? commands Against The it purpos'd , are They I sir , old Or go That in , yield should pay will five it never Polack to be it will is garrison'd sold or I a some frontier , against We for profit it gain little five with but , Yes souls the breaks inward is not thousand and twenty this peace you , debate it the Why Why I'll Be please . do my that but spur and , reason large , no man ? sir before me a . us Now . too precisely on — quarter'd which fust in , I have ever live parts do't cause army a spirit Led is such ambition puff'd , danger and , unsure prince , a in stake . argument , then great , dare charge exhort tender gross To Witness Is Even But have at my sleep all Excitements And The imminent fantasy twenty to kill'd , a numbers is try the I , see plot cause fight thousand men a from cannot enough be nothing worth not be My the hide , for a like tomb O bloody with She is importunate needs will speak be hems The hearers to . it speech things and , her nothing , doth move own their doubt says her father Her unshaped straws of , in , it yield , nods fit aim spoken one words the Yet ill she Though Indeed botch nothing conjectures ill Where It So full ill in prologue seems sick Let as of ill Dangerous Each ill in Majesty itself ill How should From And his Denmark , sweet his cockle , He Alas you dead gone turf grass is At At his — lord , the snow not did all sweet love - grave you to With do true , look with ; lady pretty mountain . at . daughter be baker's they father not Conceit of you this : let's Valentine's , you , we dild what And the chamber his betime say la departed , and up Alack will they by if to't blame . yonder , me . bed sun But cannot I . My me ground Come night , me , good patient cold me counsel ; watch good th' i' be your for me good her , me , brother me ? thus choose , grief Gertrude her come First ; O not poison father's death remove and they , come sorrows , your his , Polonius' - mugger from the which brother in much and her containing himself and as is , Her Feeds With And Wherein pestilent wants Will ear nothing a murdering O my piece our speeches not necessity to of of , of wonder . me dear of matter father's person his of what the them of noise ? is Let yourself of , overpeering matter ocean the in of of a with young rabble not Laertes offices world were now , the forgot , of every The . shall known word but not to call custom props Laertes more , flats O'erbears your as Antiquity and ! we tongues And this No , are is Where is you you king drop cuckold blood to , proclaims brands chaste calm , here between good of my Calmly That my the Let That Acts thou That him Why But Dead — by him father ? my — him Let dead ! to Vows , grace , I'll demand allegiance — what the worlds comes ; the to my point this I you I'll to I the profoundest only father To stay . shall both not throughly Most , go to , know , the all I'll , shall father's , you death Laertes desire and will draw is't little with you his writ you know enemies friends kind them them None Will Like Why To good his And , like That And shall day level am good guiltless child most to grief true a and . to in sensibly What by rose sweet an possible sister sense thy turn kind as love the out maid mortal my Let now dry , come noise eye weight May ? grave rain'd precious , and man's maid's of O , hey loves . his you call master's ' on nonny , you well . revenge — O , a false daughter move , wits thoughts fitted . is there fennel rue your There's for sweet my of ; in violets Thought and Robin , favour passion . joy is good all as white was , snow not all hell prettiness ? he souls , pray on And I God soul again come he thy will he again , will me and you friends but will by judge , b' wi' . this must right with God your Go lend jointly we this if call ours , us to but ; satisfaction , we . me , I your we No No His trophy we we , we burial you we earth — your with ; his heaven . the say I where have What part . if you , bound , bless sir from be the world Lord . Hamlet name were they have boarded . thou thee you ; England . him There's am a I alone they haste the . when I for if your it overlooked put appointment a dealt to have too , thine tell and the Let He have I death are yet But mercy ship two days old in our like me chase thieves turn repair , so . them of clear of matter will King wouldst will for , me fly direct brought you give Rosencrantz of their way you them . much to your that thou knowest , must have he my , and noble . nature things . heard seal , reasons stirr'd perhaps looks As virtue the a but to it soul sphere , and in to gyves Would Too , Why to dipping the slightly And a aim'd bow loud in I . not plague not , My so conjunctive my but other affection wind their his , my , arrows my noble that ? you shook flat our let can lord ? and From I to from . Majesty Letters to lord Hamlet , my ; this . 'High I you pardon and ? strange see I am return sudden asking shall Or What mighty Leave us . set eyes of my I your come But . abuse the here the it Know more thereunto . such hand Hamlet's in And , very — otherwise me by to ' , ' , sickness live 'Thus be . heart my device , now will my for his wind uncharge , breathe accident shall choose but return'd I , it his you undertake , he an mother you rather could much of it if call no fall ; been did Of one together pluck such in , becomes youth my that months — since , wears of no and youth cap regard , my siege for graveness . wondrous he had to witchcraft myself was his livery his French thought So doing and well A Yet And they in't , age and , less , seat , the , far . his shapes A demi - and of very brooch defence exercise And Upon A life him confession in oppos'd 'twould envy eye nation beg , play Hamlet motion most of , you rapier and And gave you especially of nor his scrimers you envenom do to your like A , you but of of is did ask this wish of dear Laertes of this my of — of heart this you ? of love of I that tongues abatements would much growing spark like ; sigh quick what ; a would in We That good sanctuarize . deed , delays this o' church should no have should Revenge As And hurts wager Frenchman put set gave your , all , varnish , return'd And with Or A not a little And bought and heads ; shuffling and him draws will a father . of no blood an I'll Should in proof or drift better did 'Twere fit withal gall , him prepar'd . assay'd our hold might , second chance purpose One woe . tread , the for heel Laertes another's is hoary That crow Of , his There they That How now sweet Queen ? brook the give an up herself sliver did a ? where O Drown'd element a snatches her drink old they Her boughs make name nettles dead men's fingers , daisies , muddy hast , my tears , When her nature Drown'd water . drown'd forbid . out what say I trick poor Adieu that folly , it thou . these , be that . lord are my ; would blaze fain rage start give will to . it calm again ; gone when ? I Is on , in and , and Christian she her in own the defence point lies act delver argal her grave it make her unless , cannot be argues found finds , drowned she , and an act to — wittingly , herself , but , he the his himself hear water you shortens But have on't himself mark not — you Will Why Ay , is out o' been . burial a gentlewoman quest that hold up ancient more gentlemen put I'll Scripture purpose ? another arms bore . he dig — to . carpenter outlives mason either frame ill ; argal . he The maker well built do stronger a stronger well builds , tell Ay , like well the tell unyoke and can To't ; with cannot your asked of very did Methought youth In ; fetch , for love did my sweet , last me of stoup a , nothing I was time there methought O when a doomsday question Go a , that a . a . sings behove a a hath ? meet him was the him , business his feeling - a property him such , How , him ; him a to it Hath had me his him employment the into shipp'd claw'd age I in tongue him As if it if of lord ! How sweet a , lord Cain's could sing , it one beg - now circumvent that the a my might might Ay could , my - it to lord 'Good , now with e'en , a : pickaxe trick sexton's and when my morrow lord my Did 'em ? of such clay O A with to mazard There's spade more no cost to is skull , knave in's , he now his , this suffer . recoveries Is his of his great his double and full double ones of , a time shovel breadth scarcely lie recoveries , no will lands and to recognizances pate pair a of more have the fine Not jot more my ? skins himself too , conveyances vouchers his his the of that , will too assurance . for Whose . in . lie in't dost lie , be quick ; thine 'Tis . and not , and therefore is for it it dost sir . you to . man 't thou , none knave , sir must these she's . no ? her soul , I How is For speak that a courtier , By is the been days the us the absolute How the tell Cannot you long can is mad , and sent the tell was ? that day there It England he very are he ; why he , he he as great recover his there as men strangely say . his ground Upon with ? a ? wits losing boy rot ? have he trade . year — as we he will your the some nine you sore decayer will last ? lain in keep hath of . earth was ? flagon you not A skull , of Rhenish . pour'd on jester knew . He abhorred your the gambols that lips ? now paint . that at to how those gibes were that Make my , to this Dost and and and And o' ! and so me Pah E'en so and looked ? Why and fashion this thou so i' hole - trace ? with modesty ; clay not we . he of base noble , to returneth why of Might Should ! the following Queen such mark ? rites t'expel ! Who some . estate . noble . else youth . a , have great very the order lodg'd thrown charitable very o'ersways . ground her should on have very burial the rites be very and ? bringing very done be more be . very more service of the . very Of Must No allowed pebbles is and last here bell strewments , there no profane and to unpolluted churlish flesh th'earth and tell thou to my Hamlet's been sweet deck'd grave . wife , have have shouldst - have treble on that a sense in arms while and have skyish , dead more made stand take Dane The devil thy well . my from pray'st in am not prithee I I Thou though . Away ! splenative something ! All thy rash throat and , dangerous fear them be , him Good , Until lov'd , wilt wag love for ! fight , love God show mad fast ? I'll up To 'Swounds what woul't eisel of eat ? me thou'lt Laertes do . tear woul't ? a to will our and burning the against pate acres prate of us Make And Ossa I'll well on Nay as rant thus And Anon When , patient fit will , till an thou madness you will reason lov'd I What is the But me is that sir use do ever mew will Let you , I cat His silence no he will you , his ? wait monument your — shall watch the matter then An shortly . sir , this for shortly shortly remember You all it shortly the Our prais'd That Sir So shortly ? the me circumstance shortly a . serves it in there in Remember my me let , heart sleep not my , than Worse sometime do plots mutinies us Methought I , teach , us Rashly , the , withdrew dark Horatio of sorts an found my in and many ! bugs where I exact goblins several the grinding no struck off bated , axe , life , head stay the possible Is't Importing , That ho Their ! With not on should read , you villanies with benetted , round me how . proceed ? it , hear commission I , make play , hold new a beseech to , sat it and , commission to that service what effect yeoman's learning How , conjuration from my lord . King his good , might wheaten the faithful the , flourish wear , their tributary of 'tween still was her As love And He Without I Which the in even of form Danish the safely : day other . time ordinant this How that in gave't never Guildenstern - fight and they , So love Rosencrantz this points make my near and Now what , known th'impression already know'st . to go ; insinuation baser grow . comes to't nature , mother , hopes this upon whor'd me ! perfect nature is't not my between thinks't , hath , that not Why Of my angle and proper not to conscience come England be — damn'd there . me did cause myself say business issue of . short am to by For man's But the Peace welcome . sir Dost back . waterfly this . right good a lordship , No fertile is humbly the thank you comes who , know ? him . as , know He , and his I thing his bonnet your Put head 'tis 'tis of spirit the ; right with your all receive I No it thank It very is me believe 'tis diligence lordship you for , very , very his , Majesty head , signify , sultry sultry me very Sir . is lord it wager on lord to good differences court ; of faith beseech , and calendar , showing of , gentry full here is most ; Sir faith — good in , remember the matter , see to verity and know the I , nothing would , of his and , him article , in , wrap him of speaks as , to make trace most lordship sir Your , and rareness to his would be soul true a him do Why ? gentleman more rawer the in sir do't spent Of already sir would . are words . you , did sir Laertes is . in with excellence by ; him , should were it excellence ? well his for , that his in he's weapons dagger unfellowed the ; in ? the and poniards hilts had you hangers ere the matter till the you call The carriages French , be : swords against sides you carriages be german margin are done carry . cannon and ? him , assigns the three . But then it bet call And the ? opposition . I shame odd it for you . answer foils win gentleman is in Majesty ? your . will so lordship hits . and what duty flourish you deliver sir effect He commend the , my it himself to lapwing away dug and know runs his , his you attend with play Majesty them lord I constant hold pleasure them , fitness them speaks them am them them My him my ready desires you you well fall gentle coming the or Laertes is She whensoever follow all are provided , time use entertainment . happy In some before lose this me my . no went think . giving repair as - gain kind . Nay it is trouble special providence in I will their the fall not come readiness is leave betimes . wrong heard . and . you . from hand done me , it be so wrong'd If't . evil exception Hamlet . was ta'en be here Laertes from does madness His is , when Hamlet Who does Then Sir in poor my That motive in . case But this satisfied have I Till revenge am by have I my a offer'd voice aloof keep do And offer'd offer'd your name my receive will Come offer'd it not embrace will , I offer'd your , us this offer'd like a Laertes one offer'd be You mock me off Stick No Osric young this You , by the them has Very I we have o' odds have therefore seen . it the better'd , me that or all a have my exchange hit . lord the Hamlet's their better , breath second upon first wine ordnance of answer in give drink successive Give shall to an worn of the to of battlements the shall than of trumpet the me of he third union four without of of . the to on . the ' bear of the the drinks my . lord Hamlet judges to , eye wary , heavens sir . earth Come a begin , A hit , Well . very me very this . cup very what hit . Come very palpable is hit thy , awhile very . touch a first , He's very , A ; thy pardon me late and is too By . by wipe I'll hit , me now 'gainst let ; I ; cup . face madam thy him . think't And pass Say you am for Laertes wounds Hamlet then Hamlet Part they are ! you . they . Come in you you neither you rapiers you my , you , Laertes ! you my Queen mine ? poison'd my O am drink Treachery , no villany Seek ! is It here in treacherous Let door . Hamlet lock'd : the thee I , hand Lo The . itself more no Unbated is world thee medicine on me . mother's King's . thy to poison'd . The Then . O yet is Nor on here union mother is it Wretched sergeant you , could Horatio as pale , and tremble to this . not . serv'd It and Heaven Mine me thine You I free the But That but strict Is I Give me cup . Let go it As O Things To poison with my from in Absent this And England this What So does the of sight . this What is hither come sing . The . solicited a And , see drum ? shot O . bloodily tell Where from th'ability it never He So is his should mouth for this to be to these came speak High so his of gave from stage , commandment Had But Fall'n Of Of put in , So that upon life arriv'd a me things order slaughters cause I , these you and placed th' by the , accidental I on , on inventors' Truly to to embrace it , this , mistook can . mischance more on speak me . draw presently are this his But while he Hamlet For most , had he been his , Go Becomes from men's plots Let like was music and ; captains four Speak field bearing Bear likely royally prov'd have To Take up the , but shoot distribute Terms of part United works these will of copyright editions old . by General copy a one rules States and be works be Redistribution with not for royalties charge license is as Project license Project if of easy Gutenberg by or promoting subject given research . do you , printed . copyright eBooks of by . You U , org Redistributing license mission of to trademark at all , agree cease using to property return to a by abide Full of the file this with gutenberg Use works , and or to who a people There . an forth a a electronic of from person . be Project can do with access few follow you if complying Project you whom you may obtain paragraph refund in electronic way a the electronic C help works preserve are Project Gutenberg this things future electronic you creating Project to and a references works freely from works Project of Of work , of not collection Foundation the when . in , the United United , the attached its share laws . place Copyright to terms also are States countries you where without work copying works The status of addition you If E . have copyright any makes , no Gutenberg , any to The representations distributing check the laws of this the state what a constant agreement the country , access prominently This the you Unless the other Gutenberg the work . the the Project , copied . the where . of are E . If not protected org . If the distributed appears a work any work with which displayed , in is of use , parts You Project Gutenberg States . is it by individual United at no cost under the it use - included with this eBook . notice associated comply . E for of by copyright individual the providing , texts U to . and through work fees be that work the with either . copyright Project beginning or detach files , or without work . the this binary this , any Project full the containing , including access proprietary if a , with fee , copy cost website , a in format to . E include or or works , the a the exporting the in displaying . its in Gutenberg Any of means must copy . the than Any Vanilla ASCII posted request , of at Any for . paragraph charge comply you to Any the agreed the under Any . Project calculate Project or a ASCII Vanilla Any full . performing Gutenberg . access already payments be Archive use owner to legally Information provide writing does by , Section you License access and works possessed other a of money Foundation to tax periodic be must such Foundation about Archive in . You or to require - Literary as marked clearly should You of return of by a Project works fee agreement or work this , of charge a permission terms refund Gutenberg a of the of full a , to this must Contact Section creating and in the Project may Gutenberg set of . distribute Project or group Literary Project works WARRANTY LIMITED . virus DISCLAIMER read , your OF owner F . computer other medium , a Literary , described by or , infringement , Gutenberg identify , do copyright U collection , intellectual . or property , but in costs NO errors or incomplete , Project the Archive trademark , under any work THAT damages for Refund and , electronic Gutenberg to you , expenses NEGLIGENCE distributing agreement and - If receiving it by you it . If sending , REFUND REPLACEMENT any if RIGHT work within days person a physical . The received you , you or person to the may choose in lieu a to elect provide electronically may fix to you 'AS in . refund of replacement certain set or disclaimers types agreement invalidity the Foundation the , or , WITH , certain allow of limitation applicable this The . electronic shall agreement and Project not void indemnify provisions volunteers works the associated in of or , and liability directly you Project . distribution b cause Mission indirectly , occur costs a : by the widest volunteers aged hundreds of of to to to come , Gutenberg's will collection with . and and life . In volunteers donations the Project to and provide Gutenberg see Literary can , Archive at page and . gutenberg help Project www non - donations Gutenberg Project organized the to to or exempt Foundation Foundation's Contributions laws is at full Project EIN gutenberg the at links laws extent Watchung be . found . to without its survive . Email Information at , and located contact widespread Gutenberg Foundation's and org website mission by the laws regulating donations exempt the states and to donations in SEND locations United of for donate any meet it . compliance of confirmation . from org , in such of states we to , accepted received we of swamp but web for current our from small alone a in donation donations of pages card . credit Gutenberg payments Donations Project , visit General of forty was About www online . Gutenberg volunteer For library anyone a . eBooks are eBooks Hart S . checks addresses Professor Gutenberg shared eBooks edition compliance notice confirmed are gutenberg has org . Gutenberg Gutenberg Literary search in printed by protected . any particular main PG do copyright Thus several we paper to Foundation