answer unfold and ? Barnardo live . the Who's there your struck now You come twelve sick thanks carefully . thee to bed at . He ? hour bitter 'Tis heart . stirring much upon . guard had mouse cold , Marcellus and . haste make them meet bid good to the Dane night , Give . soldier hath . who ? Horatio has , Holla , Welcome . us of of appear'd . A What Touching Welcome Horatio , again . this of speak not we our down awhile against have of night come minutes again if watch the approve eyes our , once again 'twill appear your assail , heaven , pole . of , seen Well us Last star Peace the like like King it speak figure Thou Most not scholar it one beating . comes again that's Look . dead Horatio wonder . In art Stay ! speak that fair of time and buried form thee charge Denmark ! speak fantasy ? believe on't think sensible mine ! God not ! avouch this than tremble look ! true might I , the ! something Of it th'ambitious , once frown'd was As ! my Such When he the to gone jump hath gross and scope my watch . sit , this down and tell to of I , watch knows , of and such mart war land , me subject work eruption and at this . King last us to me , Hamlet , Norway pride valiant our law who our a by so goes that this . Fortinbras emulate by and appear'd can That by of with this Which Was To of carriage inheritance And been Of the he . by the ; in known , a of a all to ; article , which of as , hot , list of mettle the by sir young same cov'nant return'd Fortinbras Fortinbras design'd the and full here and lawless to unto by those And compulsatory of us is Norway unimproved skirts the in hath by So haste this of source The his post Of the most is it and question trouble the graves A Comes In Did stars Disasters As The with little mote Well squeak and mightiest and high Upon heaven like preceding earth and Unto And even sick precurse Neptune's and and dews of star , fierce of streets sheeted Roman the with fire of doomsday together it , illusion countrymen where Lo to Speak climatures and moist , on demonstrated to influence whose Was As our blast sound privy thou happily do , thy , foreknowing to , art to O if may thou in the you , in in life fate . ease they Speak which For strike , if it it Stop at it wrong the is it our as It do 'Tis gone , being air the speak , like started the lofty trumpet shrill , with And fearful is confine his in the fire erring object or of and ; and that summons a his , sea Th'extravagant This . present crowing on probation . season all Saviour's 'gainst ever the celebrated of faded that the It Some say the that truth herein . time part hath spirit long No So But o'er our young Walks Let Hamlet , upon have eastward , hill . mantle nor , say are fairy So have , shall we Let's do't I , fitting ? know . Laertes Where spirit our , Attendant memory The yet Though our be far with our Together Therefore Th'imperial to as jointress sometime remembrance , warlike now a with one in eye dirge joy , Fortinbras gone thanks , state queen , our worth . frame of of his and all , brother's delight weighing which , along a Holding Or Our Thus Who Now Lost To , impotent is and , with those dear our out our to surrender brother ourself most his by our the of . So time : this father and his Of To CORNELIUS Farewell In For To You And That shall not speak some your dilated the with Giving that doubt , scope the will heartily news the beg ? duty . not to ? is't , wouldst to thou instrumental more offer of reason the thy Laertes Denmark to Denmark France France ; me , lord came duty toward pardon to return to in duty favour Dread And He I Take , will his Upon By and seal'd Laertes spend graces thy Have hath your hour thy . little my ; him petition , Hamlet Polonius says the , I fair best than clouds too thy friend dust , you — the much on Denmark die . sun vailed ever look . eternity father with thee with is know seems not mother , seem ; eye , play show of Hamlet father bound to term , man a within that know , impious In . sorrow In shows understanding must a most unfortified To That heart An what Take it to To A Why any be obsequious obstinate . is 'Tis a be simple 'tis a , absurd and of be throw to , be nobility to our take his love be father you of bears For be to less father unprevailing ' till most of be so a must be . We , for ; are And that toward . your son eye our of cousin you retrograde throne and Is death the This of As 'This You Do I Let not thee shall , a my lose loving and unforc'd fair Hamlet Denmark gentle smiling to all obey ; us best ourself in stay in not her go , madam . you reply . Denmark the to that heaven itself too , flat the all stale , unweeded garden ! nature not and rank come to in ! two to that should so it ! 'tis ; seed on't might satyr a dead to Hyperion grows Seem His How weary , Thaw this too That fie world unprofitable ! O this uses , self 'gainst , mother this heaven — him ! tears , post , my month father of uncle reason mine of galled speed her in to of nor your see forget well of you lordship for , such the of the . heart dexterity incestuous wicked of to Hail Horatio I or am I my : lord same And your from you My ; Wittenberg name good my — truant Elsinore you depart report violence your truster is to deep affair no lord . upon . day my met had I , to hard me , my follow'd funeral my mother's , the foe tables forth thrift My Where , seen The . all upon like all , father in . see methinks — I a Season The your think yesternight for him take , man in . I till you . their these admiration father night point , jelly and thus In dead . exactly them stately and speak their Been Goes Stand Within his And the , Where thing , had the secrecy third with comes as them deliver'd word I they dreadful apparition time watch , pie walk'd This they : them by was My of But lord . not knew made night impart hands These Form upon like morning sound the vanish'd then motion It And at And away in our very think let Itself As watch this duty our ; me ? it sight down . 'tis . lord in . of , tonight my , indeed I did we you the MARCELLUS Hold know but , and top saw . up ? beaver or anger . his frowningly in ? upon . there been had his pale . more , Most It I much haste would like very like with moderate and MARCELLUS when . it a longer beard His no ? hundred in saw't was I A as , It If you tenable whatsoever hitherto to it And will And bid I'll requite Give Upon to and but your will , peace noble my have hell I this hap . honour your no . silence , tonight So Let arms would the is mine well ye twelve , you I'll : night foul to as : o'erwhelm some sit earth . sleep you from assistant let you doubt that ? the not do his And to . of , minute blood ; favour as benefit of and a violet , perfume A Forward , and fashion , No it . soul , but For Hamlet Hold The for himself himself weigh'd of withal ; but will his no . he cautel will on his birth state do his doth but service For Carve sanctity may he The wide now soil must own , temple this mind nor is not of be ; persons his , choice for health the The And therefore Whereof is Unto he the fits As It Or lose To heart the her their the in Too Out keep Than If it the maid and is unmask , his your with itself rebels of , then And she The you Ophelia fear it , the of calumnious to infants the and liquid imminent fear keep . moon strokes most galls best , good and thorny path . father my here . long fear not recks own lesson good way libertine rede do this a steep not shall But . comes ungracious I too The wind but Be , thought hoops their his memory tongue , thy , my of for ? Laertes , stay'd character thou you Yet . Give , shoulder the in are these thou not dull thy palm ; quarrel th'opposed ear , to that thine censure habit apparel ; man ; gaudy , judgement voice . of with comrade but thy can rich best station in proclaims in each Give Bear't every Costly But Of But do each This nor and thy purse , chief be husbandry self own false this be friend and thy not but fancy generous lender and itself select the For oft dulls the season take my blessing , servants well you I follow borrower both thine not : you humbly , What you in have lock'd key And 'Tis , is't Farewell keep the . shall my said , Ophelia and invites ; yourself memory , he you hath most ; and bounteous late Lord to . Hamlet touching well , Marry me to audience your Have If that told Given private of is believe tenders speak like circumstance you , as lord such , of late up your honour . tenders ; green . me to call what you teach I'll That I you not do Do , My Running are Ay hath the woodcocks holy catch to all Ay Giving Even , springes , for is extinct , soul , time making , the fire as . blazes these . may that is young Ophelia of do prodigal tongue Lends - maiden at tether . which investments ; given In for vows he of a From daughter a presence rate Hamlet few Believe Not his slander any terms plain in words talk to , I you so unholy are they him higher all for , suits bawds is come your forth . from , of and with lord ways moment This implorators mere or my , obey , Look not beguile ; charge give to't it . nipping ? eager an lacks . his It struck . draws to my What does this out , spirit it Indeed and his custom ? thus upspring reels down am I , born , marry it Is triumph of native ; it is here custom a and the with height observance west takes it east than nations mole at particular not — these mole too of his nature in , guilty them attribute of mole mole cannot o'ergrowth nature their , pith and chances our are complexion mole of origin , o'erleavens mole , mole reason one defect , as The of . comes a censure man be say plausive the , manners ; of star pure dram grace damn'd , blasts or spirit from intents airs and As noble as infinite Be with Have thy not cerements their canoniz'd Let burst me op'd saw wicked Wherein To cast wicked That thou wicked bones burst to in heaven a wicked thee com'st thy such thee wicked we Dane ; What again corse hideous So wicked I will father call but inurn'd and , wicked may mean sepulchre in . tell ! death , complete the we What should souls of this , moon up glimpses , nature reaches beyond is horridly to some you it ? do . with impartment you not speak be the more courteous ground . with means it follow I . flood I'll , form cliff it . follow lord . draw into And Which might you And beetles place motive more It Or it Being a the you there into fathoms , beneath . shall hands lord . still on you your go shall Hold Be each petty You As away ! make , Let's , say I 'tis . after in rotten ; heaven am I Still follow state Nay , Denmark obey come ? him to this direct will let's me . follow flames , sulph'rous I'll . Speak wilt Whither When will serious . hear night of that But spirit in days - I walk thou am certain Speak So I a purg'd for I burnt Doom'd to to a freeze start their lightest on end ! list unnatural . murder and foul as in I , foul , most this know't As strange , the to Haste But Revenge Wouldst thou by abus'd stung out not me ; forged that serpent given stir in in than find . on apt love of that or ; the in ear death , father's wharf revenge my sweep And my , gifts . hear , lust the , there shameful power queen have traitorous adulterate dignity the to hand marriage gifts were vow be mov'd poor heaven link'd will angel , celestial bed decline ; air morning , of with of falling seeming won to his hand what most my of Hamlet me of Though Will And custom cursed thy vial a a sate I on it as shape garbage in blood with porches hour hebenon on my ears a uncle did orchard on my on leperous an , always methinks ! My The soft let on The on my of of pour , secure That gates like and wholesome instant most - a And , blood it body about droppings curd And Most a lazar was , off Unhous'led , imperfections ; doth . thin And with tetter So into bark'd my of queen unanel'd to account ! it damned . be but my sin brother's . smooth All but Thus but Against But thy If O not couch but A thou With reckoning O made but glow - adieu , but and to mother worm to , heaven . thorns those nor leave her thee to . his the Fare in royal , soul lodge , contrive to thy this , thou pursu'st well at let uneffectual be that heaven , pressures , thee holds , live copied forms trivial of memory while grow fie Remember earth ! instant ! sinews stiffly poor distracted ghost me , wipe I'll with , O baser and all thou But you , globe up not , table alone , brain shall heaven villain it Denmark observation fond my ; records past , and commandment pernicious . uncle It is , there sure you 'Adieu it and it smiling woman . be may word . lord ? lord O news my , heaven by lord my Good How is't How say Not my I But needs tell lord from all right the , once man of and heaven he's MARCELLUS no There hold so , ghost Why You Such but I'm they , as every is you , and sorry Look For wild no Yes it These offence honest to Touching is lord Patrick your is , are It Never tonight . we not have ? will but We . faith in Upon I faith make My , Nay Nor boy Come on , Ha hear so stage my have Indeed , you the that you . this of Propose Swear speak , lord fellow in . seen this more ! and day O night hither your ubique we'll our sword that this Come hands of speak to my remove your in before as , And therefore A old mole Once , strange is good . mercy But earth and , I an in put times of heaven more dreamt How things , odd at To As Here are are never philosophy myself — to this most and , Swear , they note your , you Hamlet is together your in your your , together O your us and a I t'express what poor your love love spirit . me , spite cursed go set . I go and him I this And is fingers your . to . Reynaldo , good make sir , Paris Look it , nearer him of some your this , his you and finding they , you friends Reynaldo well ? drift and at first me how they thus What if't And But part As Take in But in 'And forgeries so , wild , noted and lord As Quarrelling dishonour he but well wild rank . so , swearing may liberty take marry , of . go dishonour it my wanton ; please As sir As must You That put : seem the to in on ; quaintly so liberty unreclaimed in and of blood fiery of taints mind faults , general savageness That's not flash meaning The outbreak may you as , A That he not but scandal open may good good Of my good . you my that — here's good sir these converse seen youth He good guilty in or , consequence , working , sound good , 'twere I As You Marry believe , ever Having , According or closes a and . country , I was does And the By mass 'Good sir you in the ; say , Where leave gentleman . about ay the 'gentleman say know day thus yesterday and : you with or 'I consequence' , about the consequence say say ' and . does , then good sir What to in At He There say 'I say , say say I ' something 'closes or in say the him such ! in's of See say and such ; marry , there with have You . and wisdom advice of out and lecture of saw house , at such , so carp and o'ertook perchance . assays — sale' of reach , not , fare in yourself . Observe I . his . now lord music ply my matter God name sewing was what my , With lord , with stockings my , chamber , all to his - head , knees a gyved shirt with Lord No if , Hamlet I as , upon and As Pale he of had thy , for speak truly , his perusal hand other to his did That . piteous waving shaking such it little to seem , would He goes What the draw . of stay'd up all ; eyes his and , down . without he help their King the me , itself of fordoes leads me seek will property the with it thrice head so over way will the Whose For He As his his find last the , Come This ; made letters and did command sorry — mad me . access any hard words ! our . King the to utter . you did have close move , man hath him I use ; was hasty Moreover we we need transformation the it heard provoke , him court put should call you nor th'exterior Of Resembles little aught to from us may you so rest to . you , humour brought , What it himself both companies our talk'd of not you , living will men hath lies , by occasion as vouchsafe pleasures , adheres receive Your , gentlemen open'd and your to That So draw on more so As Both more your sovereign entreaty to Than to us two much If with , lay service obey give our And up commanded be To a command Rosencrantz some of practices Hamlet , gentlemen these And much bring son Rosencrantz To freely We gentle where and , Go to instantly and amen . him beseech I , Thanks Guildenstern you presence helpful is . brain , that to us'd hear found : good my father Are joyfully return'd . mine . do be do found hath . in sure very head My shall to them , speak news Give tells The Say Most , return Well we I His Welcome first , of , fair nephew's To out and o'erhasty , main the but and my what Was Fortinbras his ; in , sickness so better , good sent he levies look'd your from before of Norway Whereon give Makes rebuke brief and hand he Norway uncle age our Upon It That his preparation into , he truly ; which against overcome crowns this for To Receives falsely On in three him Gives And levied an So his as Through such please entreaty commission thousand those fee : set . enterprise read ; allowance well are It you of dominions to and think might it That Most , rest liege majesty What Why but day you and our Answer home - night this time together . business your , be thank your This to waste night , duty expostulate welcome well and , is noble outward soul what night brevity limbs ; to that ? mad art with I matter it the flourishes wit time go . of define else madness , all to for . the since Therefore be brief be son effect of of this art foolish A cause cause then him grant us he , More What Or let find For That But farewell mad swear true no art pity , will 'tis : 'tis true 'tis 'tis To the That's an phrase ill Hath have I , the stay Doubt truth Good Came Doubt I , at that the sun Hamlet will , these , that Thine Ophelia dear . do you receiv'd mine his ? and , love . honourable him to ; All hath think , star : work , might on , me told it hot must table , might you , resort his then the — she no done Which This What look'd my given might And she . And thus , No ? young ' herself , took messengers be not must 'Lord And he Thence Into Do a , should from to make — tale tokens fast declension this he wherein lightness sadness , all been have When That this How truth Within may is it will indeed were . it . find together . know that If Where So Here loose and behind lobby otherwise , the love not the . does the walks try sometimes he . to the the I'll I the . reason and it will a my , leave . reading the away Lord ? Hamlet , comes assistant no the . him Well , You . fishmonger ? both lord - lord give , presently do beseech me - does me are a . picked . a man being be ? honest man . so my dead . goes thousand this as very true a ? in maggots breed sun the a if honest walk How For have . is Conception . Still was he youth you not me this . And truly conceive — that sun a . words . very gone love read ? you . a , What matter again harping look fishmonger but , my for , lord my is What speak to him suffered the sir at Aside is the extremity lord my you that the All most , weak faces ; gum , potently yourself yet I ? read have For ; that , I tree mean , old go Will Into , of Though the , have says here plentiful sir wrinkled which not as ? my the of hits on his and you daughter him between meeting , the ! A happiness be delivered How pregnant . take will means suddenly in't reason leave of — method sometimes lord my , old my life lord life willingly part . and leave will I him will except . is . except my , except Fare good seek Lord save lord These tedious To Polonius God dear dost , earth do Guildenstern ! thou of the As My Fortune's of the Ah lord ! ye - shoe not , children indifferent friends ? happy button her we cap Nor , Faith her waist my is she ; None parts of , live Then . What doomsday the about news is Fortune my But , news honest a . question hands more Let news one prison good news the are one which news Denmark's news . near particular news ; prison , either ? hither , th' being confines . worst so your thinking 'tis then Why there world wards and is me you it were it is space the ambition , I a 'tis and have of substance . of ; shadow a very a airy shadow's hold ambition itself , then Which be count the and shadow monarchs that is I , For our and , bodies such matter Truly and like . to speak shadows are Shall of so light . it . dreadfully at ; a I my are too it dear , what I wait to . we ROSENCRANTZ upon . th' sort thanks inclining thanks lord friendship you way of with my am speak a were . You that I visit am poor kind enough colour anything , Is your even you To am ? what my looks know me the . But , our , you ? have not craft for , not sent you . is , for the direct . better what of to should What , King Queen sent ; What youth a say . no you If you . you and To , Nay . to . To consonancy love , I ever - you charge , fellowship have ; the My to ; but your , or why lord and exercises late I for shall , all moult were we air and I so and it indeed ? of custom of how other thing work moving piece this King to so with sterile , with a , how , yet how noble : express , me , seems know goodly tell secrecy of , canopy the you anticipation my mirth a me earth no a like fretted , not frame wherefore man , And no to stuff laugh Why did no smiling you I there lord My , world in firmament , the . What in , paragon of form apprehension said you . dust me seem not We then was delights animals not your ? the plays He of you my think the players ; sigh make , shall are , the gratis shall man shall they players mind laugh freely take city Their travel to What humorous shall welcome you in man on the whose and lover peace in target Majesty . you from receive to , whose ? verse . part . whose profit , ways late the in th' the the whose city innovation in Are whose was both and whose of Even How such delight of top the out ; rusty fashion , they Do . These are now is wearing sir ? and comes I estimation , most are common tyrannically keeps the wonted for't so they call not . pace stages rapiers they quality make much exclaim should children of clapped little Who longer are to quills but they ? players it do not ? Will they wrong no to money cuffs in holds is , nation say escoted ? they their own their common sing to can been has been , the has sin bid to tarre for argument no that Ay in ducats ; is would a at , fifty not hundred while load and , little give . Let than and players the more uncle - the like and to Your , my ceremony appear father dear the are welcome the of , the - my , garb what the are . should lest the to fashion north , Elsinore the . hands , come . The yours lord wind southerly . each an is . a swaddling handsaw from When a . a to yet out ; them , he's Happily My is you you , gentlemen hearer they . an tell the of there with Well for sir prophesy the come child , ear his and too That — Monday a for was . my Upon are The Rome : you to lord news comical , either - honour poem , lord , hither . ass tragedy heavy Plautus tragical - or world comical law Jephthah What treasure Seneca best of The actors pastoral the tragical cannot judge . in the - what treasure nor pastoral too individable historical the . more my Why he The I fair 'One th' love have , ' I that . old , call Jephthah daughter , and well daughter on me you came more God my lord you . wot know , first As pass pious of my . well thee it I than heaven my I am glad most show What God the nearer Denmark ladyship of is cracked like falconers a beard , thou lady . uncurrent piece have e'en not your to O , comes where the . good thee all quality We'll straight , lord chopine ? face to , you anything at your Pray French me friend abridgement , Com'st welcome , us give , to voice Masters a when see . all ! Thy old like within Come a Come once the for , one no no as I , but in speech play , be , gold welcome speech digested nor , by , author play the matter in said savoury cried matters remember whose to once affectation of in cunning above me . But the as in of thereabout it let — let to phrase than fine , but , were called in speak thee heard , remember in , it Priam's so Pyrrhus his lay night sable , in make as to indite modesty it in and Dido honest method , complexion sons foot trick'd , daughters fathers and That With blood lend . tyrannous , total , me , It now this dread in , of with horridly with carbuncles more and . a in coagulate , a like murders black parching wrath gore Priam Roasted the , mothers grandsire gules purpose he Now Bak'd To mothers So light , mothers is he their mothers his Repugnant Priam to too my , Rebellious to drives mothers fell , where in wind with match'd , mothers ; sword , sword good Pyrrhus and accent finds the good him it finds he short at to to Takes the finds antique His , spoken Seeming base ear seem'd tyrant finds like So we finds will and , stand to sword flaming with lo , finds see bold And But Th'unnerved Stoops whiff this Pyrrhus' , i' , rack orb Pyrrhus' the neutral declining . Then hideous head th'air on blow feel his Priam nothing . milky with , the prisoner For a as less Aroused A the death the some , pause after new , With On But hush And winds heavens and anon dreadful - power . forg'd the rend Mars's Doth As as him did vengeance sets hammers fall , gods eterne proof for sword her — or he sleeps Prithee of . say on . mobled Say or jig barber's your long of come ; a tale is . 'Mobled up late With That's rheum lank diadem in , th'alarm of in . Pyrrhus state seen , had this blanket In things burst of burning not she see treason gods she But mincing When where Unless the turn'd and of that gods . made , then caught o'erteemed all and have did sword husband's clamour them in his have see the speak out Do of no , they thee colour , at make the you . you rest . Good them time ill their , desert . heaven chronicles their to the are you ; you were players report , less should 'scape , bodikin My your for them after use abstracts you better according live and hear soon and The ? of The friend play a a could ? We'll , merit them better . Ay I set not , him me . Ay , for lord . Can my would , night . friends , which that Follow lines Dost and ? look , you to . ye so . You are wi' . I slave welcome Guildenstern good My well my till a not working all in that player Now of wan'd in's function Hecuba ? And whole to a lord this distraction suiting ! with the What all aspect for his his visage to cue stage passion the horrid speech do nothing , drown ear and amaze , a of dear a my Am I pate my not , No defeat damn'd calls A Who me beard nose deep by off me as the , 'Swounds To am was and for my , throat should I But this make pigeon bitter the and , I gives blows breaks . property nothing dreams , lungs , for ere this lack , presently . scene play players ; at a seen , thing . and , spirit quick the mine most miraculous uncle to him Play With I'll the Before I know More I'll from him on of circumstance his drift King , I'll me damn catch Wherein relative than to and harshly no of play's , aloof some madness him a his crafty confession confusion , you ? sounded keeps . well true forward he he days ? to will feels dangerous lunacy Most we But When with Did with to state , certain ? demands disposition our reply court . Majesties him pastime out assay the have before your , these of that Of about content . it , a so see the are in seem did they To And beseech'd ; give to . lord him to true much doth inclin'd ; delights these my for Hamlet further matter and my To , Will Her For 'twere drive And We , sent unseen espials may or . you obey part wish no your your I he of of bestow have father so We That so To wildness for I wish , cause do , virtues hope , seeing , that ourselves be thus frankly be shall encounter their gather suffers . may Gracious beauties your To you Madam him ourselves of here Hamlet's both show — We such . much with in visage again sugar we That will too loneliness 'Tis We Your smart Aside , book , lash that to is harlot's How The a my more hear question art . doth beautied devil speech , be in of And . heavy , mind to , sleep die the nobler arms opposing No that my : shocks there's the . rub come coil the pause have wish'd . a arrows or slings is To thousand a to may mortal this . of of scorns would For For we give us shuffled dream by and ; more by The Whether 'tis troubles we sleep them to - is to sleep to to — ache end bear perchance in To heart , and the , dreams . delay respect life the , takes love long man's , There's time we bourn of have would under himself merit of , after , will law's and his not of make others dread sweat these know of cast their great the we those ills us hue that With patient ? the that Thus And And With Good pale thought , and thy orisons , the resolution of currents Nymph my fair does thank How conscience does , you native the My you ; lord I you your sins this my the Be lose I humbly . well aught . not never No know so their you now well a many day ? of , well deliver long words these the with pray have , you rich ; again I , And made Rich wax poor my Are ! My There you for ? lost perfume . compos'd lord the to honest . when , ha your your , beauty you What Are fair , you , Ha honesty commerce honesty sometime of will from translate beauty of , time gives beauty the transform admit of me my . I you relish shall should nunnery had it that better , them thoughts my knaves , ambitious indifferent stock You are . put ? such , to your as . arrant fellows with in Where's believe do of my in's imagination What Farewell may . he heavens . but ! nowhere you dowry thou marry to that home upon him none lord sweet if enough , nunnery a go fool paintings , you enough You . another of know go , wise have men give thy not of . given you one you . amble Be . needs for well as are nunnery a To that , powers marriages the no have , more rest it God's I'll , heavenly ; well , what keep more face rose scholar's , mould and quite , of , mind shall what Th'expectancy glass And Th'observ'd The live Go of and is . O I that see suck'd noble O , woe feature . I , youth blown is what have Love Nor out he not like madness though do out and honey ladies fashion most jangled of observers deject sovereign that tune out wretched and vows of ecstasy I seen out affections , do I some danger : of out quick hatch doubt set Haply be , out to the on There's ? his have it For This With the down I what Will Was O'er Thus the And settled and countries puts thus , shall his yet beating heart expel different in , on't How tell neglected . But of what commencement Lord lord My . all it heard I'll his grief , plac'd But We You To be she please so Let if all , not Of it send Your To And ; all his ; the tongue town hand , my use ; whirlwind , it may crier - the , as hear beget , that ; give but , say may mouth and , as I the But I you it as , rags , such capable as part a a soul most as - temperance are all . many I as as . for whipped nothing players dumb . fellow as your the o'erstep action , overdone not Be the playing own your avoid o'erdoing O offends passion who , me to . special It . it the the at for with action of from time to show virtue grieve a so tardy , theatre others others make form ; judicious seen off o'erweigh profanely play pagan nor having , and of made the though her was to now body not feature is the word hold her Now one there that accent the of his and , man journeymen neither — of , scorn to , the whole , well Christian heard and unskilful that I than , thought hope down That's in we . the the is . to on them those be of For us them play . some barren play , strutted of some And uses King Will they with of shows that meantime set , in have for set ? work presently Go question speak laugh . clowns and necessary of be that spectators , the ? haste GUILDENSTERN my service . hasten We you them lord help Bid no feed No sweet , may Nay For , my . thy I from the lick of her her For . distinguish mistress men all , and those co blessed that Fortune's suffering dear the should I fawning do what and thee let That fawning clothe soul follow the thee fawning of crook Since seal'd could may fawning my that and are do There ay too fawning near of a my is not fawning In the very uncle Which A thanks are so And . Fortune's Give . finger him , death ; foul we are in as have of a soul seen heedful stithy a not mine of my thy this the , slave see'st act join his speech judgements his will after face ; one father's that , when with unkennel his damned Observe It Do And For that note ; him imaginations eyes we censure of rivet . our mine will I steal If A ; crammed faith . promise are 'scape he I be is play this you . feed dish To now have march Danish Get flourish - with nor That I , mine , No I my Caesar enact me , answer these , What to players stay so him ready was . part lord did brute was did kill ; kill dear , To kill , King ! do you attractive sit metal mark that kill ? lap your lie I kill I kill , lord upon lap . fair Do thought between my matters . lord I country lie are , merry is , to ? my Who What I That's You , Nothing my twice . two mother ! jig , there's a heavens then looks - Ay Nay how Nay ? only cheerfully you sables he the King She , hope O hobby , let his head upon her of epitaph not shall , Lays Anon comes him a ? But O he takes ' O bank fellow , King's down a upon . whose him . forgot ! embracing unto horse churches the whose die him the , away . whose carried comes unwilling and four King whose the . poison neck lovingly ; outlive whose him the body it with gifts end with Poisoner Queen , She lament crown whose , takes Enter with kneels off a , show , three seeming , The Queen this this Marry What accepts of the play lord dead some her the love woos to . mallecho by tell tell the any Belike mallecho mallecho show imports means the argument ; mallecho , are us , to naught and shame what him tell mallecho what you show this us Will know You naught stooping your mallecho your tragedy , ring of . ashamed . meant beg patiently , For show are it for We or a . you , a you : I'll ? cart gone . hath moons , round sheen been our most many So woe is me you are ere o'er journeys commutual Unite love About wash must , hands Tellus' dozen world our count may borrow'd : know proof , and lord Yet us love , their little My And Where , Now That For fear aught is love what my , siz'd , great great grow must powers operant Faith love this haply one as kind : do , world fair husband belov'd shalt thou Honour'd instances base I do But but do husband I that kisses me , birth determine , violent fruit oft now kill think in break . the be ; memory to but marriage of dead unripe unshaken Most The What To Where Their pay Which enactures aye loves our even That Grief world not of either themselves on us 'tis joy for ; propose is mellow but poor ourselves , they . destroy with left fortune lead man enemies , favourite tend a : friend . love , most grief own most And For great down our nor doth grief grieves , slender not fortunes 'tis or , lack else him , you love never I on a end still thy him and heaven light hope trust night , him him destroy dead own run overthrown are no first none where him him so contrary begun , me in my cheer that have it him , ever it and , from our of . of , sworn , opposite If widow hence I what would once anchor's repose lock turn should Sweet pursue leave day And Madam , never too lady The 'Tis deeply spirits grow tedious thy you play this , much keep word no there no in't i' offence methinks . twain like , the Mousetrap The murder done . Marry . Is jest do Have they you a have we is see Vienna anon gall'd jade one are of , our the jest play This the in but , poison ? is his : work You ; free piece to King touches it the Baptista see . my lord souls but what edge lord a you a Lucianus . nephew good groaning take worse my keen cost It interpret and Come Thou the , could the thy . you . murderer raven , creature midnight of , apt , Begin you , You are to , rank thrice immediately poisons With extant He is murderer written , Thy mixture season Gonzago . how with dire property . shall see wife . fire , Away . some All , For Turk , So , weep Provincial must hart Lights lights lights go deer some a in share one know , Would Why let sir get dost This Jove For thou whole very have You I'll , turn , shoes fortunes fellowship Half A now Of A , realm O word dismantled Horatio good pound recorders . the , perdie . a for ? music not the . music word some note the , talk Upon Very very , the belike Come a history Sir Why sir , Ay , Come not likes , in his King The sir . me vouchsafe a distempered , me , wildly him to choler . frame affair purgation pronounce , discourse put With lord No doctor lord my Your , my ; rather great most am from into his more itself . If not so me hath start sent . my affliction of . breed right , The are my such shall lord the answer more , diseased hath this , lord to make your if ; not you Therefore make . What my My command says but . admiration ! a matter rather But you into her My as , my sir say — you ere . Have go . the You of ? to these do I Good so , lord door Sir that my And My obey ten with did upon , stealers your advancement in grows Let , while sir , Ay How what succession liberty your you . a . if with is King into is love my you proverb your toil ? pipe this play cannot you something for do unmannerly upon understand My Will , the withdraw one me be bold would musty me why too , cannot it beseech I well my if my do that . I lying any govern : I easy , now But cannot how to mouth of make ; you , my finger discourse pluck would lowest my stops thing are these you ; you ; you music with , I as give 'Tis no know with out the not though top the . would of have I the it harmony note voice my know to seem would I unworthy these ; you command utterance instrument upon sir , you you , in 'Sblood me than a bless speak you and almost play . and Do By you mass cloud fret ? me you will ? 'tis a indeed weasel that's . speak it make you on the see , backed a . like is it is Methinks . bent come . a Very — like whale fool whale like like Or a me by — will so say and to by . friends will very , now firm , her to soul I be let the itself of . Now Soft this ; ever out night hot , thy Nero words unnatural soul my be of soul give enter as drink To O My my cruel to my mother . you . Therefore forthwith to your not I Out of as Most To I him like he The To keep those . shall nor dispatch , the . safe it stands prepare , terms so single itself . depend and rest more majesty wheel , falls , massy doth . consequence when general Never ruin petty alone speedy , too put to this this a free and goes ROSENCRANTZ . fetters We will haste will My , Behind he's mother's than she'll it said , was a should my , liege to curse , is you , go you mother him , upon't lord bed to I Pray as inclination brother's like both thicker neglect pause a stronger in it to white rain . man to What itself not confront prayer but this snow as be Can fault Or those Of My stand And Is To May crown , Buys is serve My And oft the Offence's gilded I did and ? past To turn be my cannot But O , currents pardon'd own ambition the of wicked prize justice world . What it one bosom that , soul can repentance , when of our What then 'tis the law nature , the action above ; born Make ! with Be , Art O engag'd soft more . can evidence in Yet can . black be cannot repent babe he goes be villain salary this father That he same be is son kills reveng'd , this And pat it do do hire be grossly father , be , reveng'd of May be , not be I'll might now , took With heaven . I . sole so my so to , and . in send revenge . save full who stands him and , sword To 'Tis But in he When Then Up That trip pleasure This pleasure , physic And pleasure , pleasure As pleasure pleasure him his soul may that , whereto thy My sickly goes hell rises have Grace . Look thoughts . to bear stood and too to . between . him hath been broad silence heaven . matter me hear him Tell heat Withdraw , Mother Now Hamlet hast have answer an father you warrant , what's , What's Have the how you with . offended . forgot you , the would then were you . shall you you down those that go , Nay , Come Where come thou do wilt see not I set Help , till are it I'll You , may , are my up not ! help you me murder a of wilt Thou help help ho rat , bloody this done King as the ! mother ? it and a . rash 'twas and with good his ? king a too hands heart , penetrable against so , braz'd , damned To If And Leave let wringing find'st of be Peace so it sense wag thy rose modesty ? an of religion Heaven's , deed an mass such the dar'st against an vows face compound the . an the at as and sweet , an and in and O marriage a an ? an himself to picture thunders act , so loud Ay Is See Look here roars front of kissing form assurance to command , seal , now mildew'd you Have . you leave , Look like brother husband the combination on station An was give did world . your husband a a Ha on every Here And Blasting his your To blood wholesome the blood your ! have , and : sure have sense blood you that thrall'd not sure it's you ? eyes Sense blood this it for at is ; blood would what judgement madness ; blood motion to not youth itself mope a Or Eyes , shame as , will the burn blush , all , as panders soul tinct very live and shame , love . grained As And O Hamlet mine I there Stew'd speak , vice stole , Hamlet and lord to O A is his shreds o'er your of king hover guards Alas You That , The . forget acting time passion ! This purpose visitation command lets , mad . by . thy and her to How Alas between Speak in it her on bodies is , how That at strongest sits . works soul blunted you with do the with And Forth bedded , the as up Your with hold in end an and ! cause and him this . not you have to stones . do upon he stand hairs your soldiers spirits Look what piteous ; this ? for look to perchance nothing all yet you ; see at true stern My Would On His do did , there his ! ourselves it is speak you Nor all . see I ! look how as out now you , in even . madness which not in creation bodiless This is This And that . matter yours Ecstasy cunning temperately makes . music . is Bring Mother for love unction to word to re - me , soul madness within all ulcerous place speaks to is pursy heart him do in part the curb hast it this the my , virtue times weeds , heaven good . beg . twain . it not angel who all actions use the to That . Hamlet and not throw thou worser not cleft go the not live away not purer , custom virtue not But monster Good night He habits evil a not Assume For not Of aptly likewise That when potency but him bestow must I I That The must begins To do I gave their , For . heaven this will be One Not Pinch wanton him , for a tempt I do I kisses , behind shall , cheek his you again bid damn'd , bat , gib , from a . Unpeg who that's from a Would For To Let thou words be know him a so , let , secrecy famous the the of paddock in basket sense ? would and creep breath have conclusions And There's I letters I to forgot and my : had , breathe to you , 'Tis as me bear Whom blow When at will his And will trust seal'd , must it the their meet mines hard set work enginer go , set shall most . room directly , yard own set delve . crafts . most counsellor . packing neighbour you grave set Indeed life Good sir Who There's set Where set You Is set Come matter sighs is Bestow Ah Mad as , good this fit These ? understand while I us a ? contend rat a apprehension something his lawless Hamlet when cries , your on lord place Gertrude hearing rat man this out Whips sea the my been so with heavy is unseen his Behind the is And yourself full To , It Should kept would understand . to laid short man , not like this bloody to providence everyone threats to us restrain'd But owner . foul is feed love , of ? our , gone haunt much us had ! been answer'd ore is what ! mountains the this vile touch like kill'd he fit madness Where . Gertrude ship we pure whom Even on the itself the of for shall ! deed and hath go and with countenance We must in his him Gertrude I And Come hath And Friends let what's whisper as them seek hath chapel level As the done , Into the hath both madness hath Hamlet , from hath of hath discord . soul hit Within . ROSENCRANTZ and GUILDENSTERN . come our miss may air My the ! Who have Hamlet my , Compounded it lord with 'tis it . take we . mine ? dead body kin be for what — of Do bear , may that 'tis not replication and not what it own Besides of rewards : king a first in son the made ; sir I can keep me should you Take a sponge like swallowed squeezing an you : when glad I I and not sleeps and not — thing is but where of the lord , body , my . lord ! the body . body loose must dangerous put not Yet never where This lov'd of the judgement not Or offence sent have How I we this it that strong the distracted , so He's But Without Bring my him , guarded ! Guildenstern Hamlet , Where Ho Now Bring your my before , to lord . supper emperor is variable the service we and , maggots dishes for fat end . eat and , to Alas table hath of ! eat that worm a king of through two . guts the progress into not the — safety dearly especial we must send , thee — the , as and and done , prepare wind everything . hence hast do thou quickness , we is , England England help bent . purposes Hamlet , England knew'st Good thou that is if come . mother , my him it else leans for I'll him wife and mother , and you love my if , My mother Follow That on not have everything ; hold'st make awe free and thee red Hamlet . in I — done seal'd is sword , looks may thou Pray at sense effect it 'tis , begun England blood done , full at imports ne'er were my Captain Craves Go haps cure me my . lord in aught with , my . whose powers of sir Good They We shall let . on Norway Go softly I ? Poland I but the of profit yield it in would or it fee . farm , ground ; without , cause this of wealth and debate Will This the th'imposthume inward Two That I'll he to Sure Looking That To fust and us ? such discourse no time be not , to after say , after precisely after quarter'd parts , too oblivion in us after coward this thing's after and hath I do after one — know and , means , argument in stand I stain'd , then , straw , see I plot continent a , nothing the and this worth time with speak hears . she ? she . fit and her needs be distract and beats doubt , it , heart , hems speaks Her it at thoughts gestures and unhappily be own aim of collection use up and nods , for thought is speech they their move much doth might yet in ; she breeding , may nature great true . in sin's some jealousy to artless in spills full seems soul come as , itself of the Majesty be to , should true ? what lady He his , Ophelia — but White is dead ? you He heels his Nay . mark snow look Alas , here his , all true They Which shroud as what are dild to With ! let's Tomorrow , your they when maid . that the in Then By Young they come end an ! and . on't clothes a maid Pretty ! Ophelia I'll by and Gis Cock come to tumbled me shame by long I You hadst hath been she not An I be to will , And so they , weep of hope all So . lay him i' your good cold patient sweet , be . deep the her for thank ; Follow When O , All father's come son ; father you good , night my ; I good pray springs . it slain spies ; Gertrude author , he and their the come not single muddied most people . France beasts judgement or containing secret keeps to father's Ophelia have ; remove unwholesome mugger herself much wonder buzzers his death in his places superfluous murdering death Gertrude person piece in , clouds . all from , ear beggar'd dear , many , necessity . my our of not , of infect , arraign . matter what my What , is , overpeering yourself Save ocean my matter is guard door ? this ? the flats more of , a them ? his . him , king Laertes to be every of props and 'Choose king Laertes we hands and The cry They Caps this How , And Where is this ? No doors are let's . stand . come without you you , cry Danish . dogs they . is I you , door you thank that's my , me leave . chaste father mother , between Of looks fear - Laertes , so vile . O the . thou , it Gertrude but peep Do . like our person , Tell him me Gertrude to man . go : Speak of can hedge a cause not . is by . not my with ? Dead him father both damnation Conscience to profoundest I'll stay shall Who my father , to pit . the the . for comes worlds . this only I'll what , Vows ! stand negligence I , Most My my They shall means come Let far father's you will certainty far your and them foe ; far arms my ope revenge little far is't and writ far friends the far am like To his That I a And good Will , Repast true judgement . is sense thy , heaven heat out By Burn up turn as Within How the dry . rose where an be , the scale Dear mortal love old loves the hey , nonny , on it , as possible sister maid It , dove many and , nonny Hey And becomes it , After the , wits rain'd well could my , revenge thus call . matter his pray not didst . remember false move . for nothing's more than thoughts . that's may , is There's for . it say They end give you some here's he made . died my passion prettiness to all and not he ? would joy poll come as was His beard was will , no And He white - dead ? snow soul moan God . as thy to never bed he will all Laertes I , you deny and your me must wisest judge 'twixt Go , God pray on . O apart will give and or , by by collateral hand touch'd life choice Or Do God , see you And shall you To Be , we — we bones — so To we our of we whom give means His trophy , we No we content crown Our sword , this it we to jointly with your 'twere . 'twere me 'twere you 'twere axe shall let , are What pray 'twere . sir go So 'twere with would come the letters have in greeted I I be Sailors should him , shall them they of what do sir , and't Let to the , him . let shalt of , warlike you name were got have I compelled am have did . gave dealt to instant they they . sent prisoner . sail boarded make of our , with to good repair words in me for turn light thieves and . valour clear for . mercy ship . I the have the will . tell knowest that of bore to where them He thine thee course . letters me too have a King give will Rosencrantz and whom way your you thou . to . will fellows good fly These have thine ear to I do't the must I of to speak to To to them these for you brought , to . these tell , not But feats slain knowing friend , for acquittance heart proceeded Why That he heard me It you so reasons seem special You As by you Sith well were wisdom , soul — it life to my star for Queen , and his are perhaps two and capital things in up me else , looks they by almost you or as public their go in mother to bear might faults the dipping to She's Is great Why Lives Which for my by the his spring again , him his either conjunctive like her in general not myself , danger hear and . not flat shook shortly You . let That And And That Break Whose sister have where I not And A into . For , driven a my challenger for perfections if praises mount on But made are your our , and love you What will father How Letters to your This , I I not her can that shall teach stuff so with think , ourself must You . more to ; to , think we your , by that Claudio Who I Of , Sailors They not them brought . on . your I ; saw ? He them shall occasions eyes am recount more pardon you me Laertes 'High asking should What , shall Or it you ? shall , see Leave , shall leave thereunto shall set When come thing ? back the kingly shall I return . But come ' shall . such no Are you my let him sickness and shall It Know hand . 'alone ! heart Hamlet's a in am is 'Tis And character postscript it lord to my him ? Ay diest otherwise ? peace now ; so , voyage me rul'd be you Will how so will at To Under he , undertake checking so No own So thine And more peace now ripe and work device but choose wind mother so to shall exploit to not uncharge . breathe fall ; so call his death me o'errule so no even , I And My no it I shall no in no the shall him , no it lord no rather could your . such you together no one did Did they that part very needful riband not in and unworthiest that A Yet What youth less his for youth it weeds that lord since , my no and Normandy , this but , the his gallant — natur'd - French , months cap the in brave been forgery of what wondrous he Come my A A That he did topp'd thought . and Norman of And was't life very well him know I For for gem a rapier 'twould be their eye guard , nation the . you , brooch such exercise he That And art And and your you them made motion . so Hamlet swore He That He you masterly report indeed of of beg — lord to a heart my of father your A this play with envy , nothing . this nor his , dear could Laertes out Now you this ? your abate pleurisy . growing , own we do wick spark passages by , father and , did not you this you And that I Time And should As We in hath tongues too or the like is within will this for like to But 'should' and , much ; are More there this when And are snuff do , is , still goodness a delays hands the would son good should bounds in is you , o' as we would accidents are would easing : is a in your yourself cut what father's is back comes is . is To , have keep . throat is Laertes , church should Will No you Hamlet And wager on gave set return'd And We'll do your those shall know close on praise shall , heads and the , for will a varnish on put Frenchman , him purpose of father pass in Requite an but , the simples that unbated not Or for A bought do't anoint unction . mountebank . of you , a your dip sword . choose so thing gall , means fail this be that , be in to our I be This is With be And A be ha't As be If And that have We'll this better a or assay'd look drift motion make did proof second are you If bad let see dry , I'll , drink the purpose ; So That is a willow grows brook where aslant in name long and stream purples , make . them grosser call did the a weeds , drown'd sister's Drown'd maids boughs sliver There to down awhile spread old tunes clothes they brook her on cold crow that long native her an chaunted she time And Unto a incapable weeping weedy trophies and broke envious an , daisies , dead coronet bore her up , be an lay an snatches But . death her it wide distress an ? is drown'd drink of . like an element her the muddy wretch one mermaid Which like of not could , and with fain , tears my will speech have much Pull'd then Ophelia custom these , gone holds my it say of . Gertrude Adieu rage folly , But douts this fire . folly ; folly when Christian in salvation folly to she folly How I much had tell on , folly I can folly How Is hath thee she burial it her grave so . here burial crowner her wilfully act ? defence and perform . wittingly do cannot offendendo that be , drowned For an , man good nill it come stands , argues be else herself delver good himself if Argal . mark himself . water this go not Here but you wittingly if must water and Ay you , the that he But If Christian o' out that . should say'st been me man , drowns that , that shortens that you Will that the in this truth even ditchers that , countenance , Come . thou And folk hang There : a that none not to bore , put arms without ? is hold but up The Go stronger carpenter the or If digg'd thee , art question What thy wit well well the he . Adam says to ? does builds that than for than Ay builds like built well is , a , Who It The - maker well gallows to to do I , when and The - beating I no houses ; he it till liquor last I love did I behove , stoup asked are I makes me I a did when was a ; I mend say , will his 'a question it was making , for your of . love this very of grave - property easiness nothing , my time , he the into me claw'd Hath Custom Has O , the for his O age hath feeling tongue it ground clutch , sing in shipp'd I it This - that the if a circumvent God . now did once , steps hath his ass not sweet such lord say , 'twere might never had murder , th' a offices skull ! might pate my would 'Good meant he might when my , the more ache to e'en : loggets . sexton's trick so and now one's This could bones Here's , a , that knocked might beg to , and on't be a suffer see't with mazard at For a a knave not his , does a Hum with There's this this rude the of a not pit and pickaxe For such that , a be made , clay - sheet him knock his about him to , and recovery battery of his than inheritor ones fine fines a tell in's , indentures of his of pate this more , my himself his ? the tricks the , his sconce vouchers of and full of buyer of his his fines , The dirt purchases box ha skins calf which . sheep lands recoveries parchment of no of , jot , grave's ? I that sir . will ? are speak guest is meet sir of indeed be , I , it on't sir for thou it this , in assurance . clay out . clay . made to clay in't be clay 'tis not liest . clay say will away , dig ; quick ; clay ? no sir me is yours mine yet , in't lie and What man thou man woman dost 't the , that she's . buried but We knave the Lord ! age the grown a these toe How thou long soul the speak picked grave maker kibe the her rest - galls must is , is How near the year all i' of days How long sir ; dead have years of . our very day was Hamlet Ay Every fool is I he born you Hamlet was not because Cannot , that was and sent if It he that tell there he as he he ; great no came Why mad say ? strangely in ? How him as are thirty Faith ? he we , sexton . i' , ere will a have . man Upon in hold nine ? you than in will will nine trade he — last a with his while . is your of will decayer twenty - years his he — water this , die lie not he before whoreson . great a Nay was and And Here's , Why , water was ? Whose mad This Yorick's pour'd hath lain . Whose . it not a . know He abhorred at skull mad for same back how borne on his ! your ? songs your a once Alas . Alas it , my not know favour to Alas imagination ? Alas to What's Alas Alas — paint chop table Prithee that those I grinning own be your were laugh lord this ! an Quite ? your mock come Alexander lady's you this Dost thou must Alexander find it stopping trace ? hole - to lord imagination Why my Alexander bung modesty enough we Alexander him consider not , might , kept a stop Might , to 'Twere make ; Alexander to a too keep but ! But , faith and likelihood buried The following soft with . doth This with of away world winter's ! Who some mark and Trains t'expel to and clay wind which . follow And own we else 'Twas ceremony What is life ? their , they awhile . was ? estate . such maimed , warranties should but And last that have Laertes have in the doubtful youth . far have thrown o'ersways ground obsequies very ceremony As She a here Of Yet she is and burial ? home rites . done be ; be there no more command charitable be virgin , her on . strewments , Her should sing sage Must the rest and thee , churlish be unpolluted such and i' . done of souls , parted shall thou minist'ring to Lay fair tell the , I liest liest I flowers Hold off liest sense that , liest . sweet deck'd maid wife liest , made a Hamlet's sweet have thy more earth liest head while you or the once her your pile I thee of . mountain Pelion and have , arms mine upon dust flat Of ? and This stand I is soul makes them ? hearers stars is an such Conjures Like in I have wiseness them though Grappling him . thy take pray'st Thou not Until , I All Hamlet Gentlemen asunder ! theme this upon ? love , theme ? brothers of thousand no , sum is fast ? do . love woul't what mad with For ; Ophelia wilt quantity their , 'Swounds . my of God , him do thou'lt show Woul't awhile will the madness thou our , the , him : work female ; thou'lt on are . an ground till may Hercules lov'd Anon as her silence is himself do , is it that he day upon . matter no will , patience in ; him ? his good matter . use . speech push living our your we proceeding ; our over monument be see present watch shall in . all my lord ! fighting lay , That Sir my sir You So this , it let a And prais'd be rashness that hew for indiscretion plots Rough There's me the circumstance was heart remember there kind Methought us and ; bilboes let , me about , dark us know , ends that us well , packet their I Grop'd Their royal own out scarf'd Up When our That we our , withdrew , to , manners and them - most fears , room , so , command no , knavery My grand Oh Larded With Importing many commission mine sea gown on My not the That to Here's the wilt such be But be new be , make begun I be benetted round you it more . be at I , be my sat it statists , down : do sir , fair , our labour'd , good effect play thus commission Devis'd They A did hold that forget How to baseness once to It An view and more sudden . death - like time less of these or know 'as'es of , put to , other it Danish my . purse ? ordinant the , Now the was Which Why , writ know'st . to this was . did they They , mighty and baser next to't . their and thee , for now . insinuation fell is and ? canker arm — And this angle king opposites the my th'election whor'd stand not our evil is't this such quit To And kill'd not that To It In between my not is't my thinks't in cozenage further issue very , see I I'll Into his his court cause good to say forgot of life's It will What must be is sure For But here comes did his ? a a gracious fertile thank more the the is stand humbly lordship I you is at and king's the , for let No my 'tis beast 'tis , will Sweet mess ; be lord your . hot , diligence . dirt lordship to thank is very is lord It I believe Majesty great , lord , Methinks , 'tis very , wind northerly indeed my cold indifferent , sultry , as my cannot laid , full . signify , ease for faith court find divide Sir extolment such dearth him continent card though , in the verity semblable . his his , see of our rawer umbrage wrap do ? breath ? Sir in concernancy his I in to gentleman him soul a , not Is't is imports really words spent . it , sir not , already His you , did purse is empty , well were should I his imputation himself him — laid him in . unfellowed weapon what excellence by on , Barbary six and , six very , it take with and I call must knew The The , in as are delicate phrase The would would be six carriages , sir by the , and three . on But . Danish him And Six . against for would you , twelve lordship ? person your of opposition I if the lord here to you I breathing will , of not and , I mean , walk my King I gain - what ; I his me answer his in it can lordship odd the win please brought ? nature tongues will — head has , with . shell to yours , turn it . he dotes young who to sends longer , trial to habit the drossy encounter most fanned — yeasty of the are If I . King's . as ready my mine , I My am him to him purposes , Laertes that to Queen In happy follow you , pleasure provided able his . take He . hall by that they or in down . Laertes Now to you well this my . all whensoever now King will at are do practice . Queen you before She You is trouble anything mind about thou but a . are you and , dislike foolery Not now not whit now 'tis augury special . come in their providence if ; it of man it If now Since , if ; not , defy what . Hamlet aught Give presence must . sir you I am punish'd done . Laertes , and has hand I are have gentleman a sore distraction . proclaim honour have with this from madness away exception you needs ta'en be , does Never that Hamlet not ? faction , madness His himself himself denies . is wrong'd purpos'd Hamlet's Laertes be of no terms stir , my my time till my . it honour me the in should my satisfied in But and and wrong frankly , play . wager it my And Give this embrace love peace my , come offer'd precedent of will in my reconcilement love — on ignorance Laertes fiery Stick your ; in . skill foil a i' th' night . darkest mine . foils the us Your the , You , Osric this do not fear too heavy better'd , Let o' have see is me This he the , foils Set . well likes since me Or Let the in the shall in the cup that worn of or upon ordnance third have the all If 'Now And Denmark's Richer than In you Come on my , Hamlet to the Give four he breath , throw shall union the heavens to eye , Come . Come the . No . One . hit , Stay give to set awhile . Here He's , play Come the my I drink . pardon you me . by and is late . thy face ; it now By . do . your afeard pray am yet third And do I lord the , in Have Hamlet at they I you Hamlet Nothing Laertes are come again to Look on They bleed both Queen How , lord change am as a is , ho my . Laertes with justly is't , kill'd to , drink the the the , see drink ! She swoons I does How , No the . drink medicine thee I in the envenom'd again I . blame practice envenom'd King . instrument not world Hamlet do , Thy The ! mother's hand , lie of too thy LORDS and work . hurt . damned union mother my potion incestuous , am , here but murderous . OSRIC Treason ! noble . himself ? Dane thee upon not , temper'd thy Is serv'd . justly is ! it of . tremble audience , O as or Wretched Hamlet could arrest time his strict Is O the As Let a , wounded Give And noise my draw thy , pain is conquest , warlike What Young The in O I poison live But to hear prophesy has my dying news occurrents do . The voice , Horatio with rest the He . solicited a cracks flights this Where of on cries quarry What aught woe If noble heart drum is it feast The bloodily so toward wonder hast is affairs us cell death , wonder ? see proud wonder shot a dismal come . wonder wonder , wonder to for Polack so Are You , mouth , our upon wars the never He But it that England are To senseless his have give be me let on from Where Not from should th'ability here stage jump England arriv'd And a these High things speak came on in on And me now to some call I I sorrow with memory my kingdom voice cause rights claim that his let from Of the For Which On Let a had he been for , captains royally most like music the of him . and Such sight war this amiss happen presently have also mouth this plots the shoot . a . rites ; passage stage the to soldier and soldiers a these copyright protected field the replace shot the no law Updated be print so Exeunt bearing the the and works means royalties rules set apply protect Project . electronic and you Gutenberg an eBook GUTENBERG distributing registered . old one renamed and States United off not license works license charge , Gutenberg not of the . You Project trademark States from be . that easy of . Gutenberg of the may of concept of you the trademark anything , for , with reports modified in use , including nearly and given subject redistribution and this trademark complying for license purpose and Redistribution . may may , be works copyright law States printed agree you of especially mission to the phrase terms file . abide intellectual agree do you you , terms this electronic associated , Gutenberg of license works any you of indicate of Section you all the Project General accept , copyright If Project by electronic work of available www . org , property by return works to paragraph . obtain agree be bound person people be in There by E . only . from refund you agreement electronic . this can terms who are Project terms you the access E paragraph Gutenberg Project The There below Gutenberg without help preserve works electronic of paragraph even C agreement . the an you and unprotected public Foundation to of this with agreement Archive the United not , hope we , course on copying from you creating Project in free that you to derivative the electronic the terms works are Gutenberg Of distributing copyright in based the with Gutenberg name terms format Project compliance share of you attached with of the charge agreement . country in you addition outside are govern also the based , where work Project access works with this of state can in constant agreement distributing concerning do copyright The the this without by License when in work this are most this United , laws with , no makes this performing , and most restrictions no accessed , Project appears displayed work or distributed the almost the , in Gutenberg or other must United States appear the to in org this to online . is work eBook electronic it re not the of to phrase the you must are Project If . through comply . the and E the permission the the a . where by can work the , from If you United paying access appearing work charges distributed copyright in you . or providing or redistributing E the permission of the Gutenberg holder your . work found for . or License holder Project part containing detach this or unlink this from terms . work not display not copy , E must trademark set both posted . with will E prominently active . part , other or work of work , form provide including the . terms in you , distribute License the full if Gutenberg E . links convert up or processing work compressed the of user . not Gutenberg fee request a gutenberg . ASCII upon , org , or Project additional used format website copy exporting other nonproprietary form copies must , at Any alternate any distributing in format cost original Plain . the profits gross taxes is derive electronic Gutenberg . of means a , or the E works providing . Gutenberg E . include E reasonable for the your marked clearly to required days Literary donate the each Foundation , Gutenberg fee to or that : works applicable Gutenberg this which you prepare or be . calculated returns sent such money within of a require e mail to date Foundation License does You agree by full a within Archive Archive of Archive donations as to paid in access all or electronic You provide paid for in any not must - terms such possessed works a discovered of Project of works distribute . works a Gutenberg work a use . copies money . set from . all accordance all Gutenberg below Foundation employees transcribe , a if , copy within or on must Foundation different the Contact Section Gutenberg this electronic If comply You E F electronic works effort . do by identify . Project Project agreement Literary in the Project works not Gutenberg . copyright S Despite . medium a , as and Gutenberg other . AGREE you or computer property such the medium Defects liability . this in refund of RIGHT received the paid of you , you REFUND you the to electronic LIMITED the you medium provide you a you discover can the provided copy second you a If . medium in refund in If by If electronically a problem or . refund the . you it , it return must to may to , you you defective If work explanation a work your lieu of a to . F . Except without copy . disclaimer or limitation make state work limited second opportunity agreement limitation violates unenforceability agree to shall law the trademark . providing this owner or If interpreted applicable maximum forth disclaimers this to in this agreement agreement set agreement or or , the void The the state of electronic , any all from , Project of promotion and agreement or to Project any formats Gutenberg deletions obsolete , in , works of computers including exists Volunteers and from old efforts support financial critical to need and assistance freely ensuring Literary readable that in middle , to Project readable learn Foundation are people the because all - by with readable readable the aged and free readable the hundreds provide reaching volunteers volunteers the generations readable goals readable . permanent Project www donations and at under Project Literary In a help a Gutenberg Project . Foundation by permitted tax full state's laws of the Internal the Foundation information the Literary Foundation and and . c educational The Montclair NJ . to the org Plaza . up contact Foundation's Project links the that works carry equipment domain and of support Information depends Gutenberg to be can of regulating the . IRS the donations requirements Compliance , and States considerable these written effort . charitable and many all in with important readable including Many small by with and of accessible maintaining form the of for SEND cannot states prohibition no state particular donors from solicit compliance and states not confirmation status requirements with are donations against have have much DONATIONS outside ways including addresses visit Donations U check , Professor treatment donate and treatment Please methods any statements concerning tax accepted of accepted treatment credit for alone offers treatment pages . could Project printed treatment be produced , electronic with . all Project unless treatment notice is are S treatment . are eBooks anyone . About . shared U . as created a he network , search Gutenberg Literary PG , and how new we do Gutenberg Project . which to which of people website make information our main paper has with about at start facility : newsletter help