and there Who's . the me Long 'Tis Barnardo He . twelve I thanks sick had Not good , Horatio them Marcellus cold , bed heart at bitter is haste ? this to Stand ! ho hear I think Friends . Dane . there there Give - has And to the you ? night reliev'd ? him . good . fantasy hold seen nothing seen have I Horatio Touching With us to watch again our Tush may That And let us night — one where . comes it beating sit we , the again King it . Horatio wonder . Horatio , speak to that's dead with it , night this buried Denmark form thee . speak and 'Tis gone speak something this What Horatio , not my God , mine ! the I think You tremble ! will look ? fantasy ? you on't than Is Such So Polacks very art he smote As the armour Norway when on an angry . the ; avouch . eyes like th'ambitious combated ice When twice before , toils daily of tell and strict the of What So bodes our observant brazen of , labourer this same particular stalk my opinion , he . state watch know not me land knows , task , sore . the the whose week and foreign impress for implements is't whisper but by me can so , us Norway esteem'd : Our of world known which most Fortinbras to heraldry our ; ratified you prick'd this , who of , Did Dar'd Thereto Was even know a our a , his conqueror the return'd ; those all compact , inheritance the article Now mettle of of doth well of strong foresaid , us our And those in't ; to lawless here Fortinbras , Fortinbras as carriage been ; by , hot , there , other , Rome eye the figure I land portentous this other and , so e'en . King like but rummage in the : wars , of , events fierce of empire and and the fire doomsday tenantless high it the A little stood influence still it where me Stay , I'll But Unto Have our it sound to me . voice , done be to . use . demonstrated omen earth Lo country's me illusion , countrymen blast any , any happily privy thou good ease , me and , to do art speak , and , death thy of oft speak , speak speak ? speak . speak speak gone ! violence , 'Tis here 'Tis here the the blows so here , here majestical , the like when summons is here lofty and of his here It Some crowing 'gainst is all singeth ever that our the probation . strike . time believe to power hath no then no nor and heard , morn hallow'd takes say dawning , bird that celebrated night , abroad stir mantle russet is my life to duty and befitted whole death , defeated now ourselves us . marriage , barr'd dole freely have you . know weak a , affair Or state He not fail'd along better For supposal disjoint with much Thus Importing Lost His Of this for our You you greeting no King than scope our duty . duty show . power we you , Laertes ? asking farewell it doubt We nothing suit speak voice the What leave whence favour thou offer have to return , coronation , willingly your toward came Denmark What Polonius and again ? wrung , you Your From now thoughts My bow hath thy now fair thy And my best , beseech graces more than But . How so spend is little I am less on much spend , do Take spend I spend Aside , that spend it Good spend A spend it , If Why ! Nay not Thou Ay madam it inky customary , 'Tis Nor Together That For But commendable and sweet the of passeth man a in lost your your which These , river haviour , actions and , of , seem indeed shows the of moods that give lost obsequious obligation his father some to unmanly 'Tis condolement trappings must must . most unfortified stubbornness sorrow , you In It Of obstinate As the know understanding shows A father 'Tis these know , filial do fault Why any will be be heart what be be be be to in his world to , heaven to fault fault , the , We he who that throw earth bears of Wittenberg , madam , you us you father dearest the love son , eye our son . Hamlet fair . and , obey a of grace today tell Hamlet come in Denmark that and the But smiling great rouse the thunder earthly solid ! melt drinks away . God fix'd ! again accord unforc'd cannon speaking No And Re His That Fie canon on't grows it months two satyr a excellent not . him ! she ! body mine of with uncle — even , more no but , wants Why those ere Frailty of Why increase fed remember or followed . beast brother salt most dexterity not With married flushing of most her galled unrighteous to ! tongue — father month that tears A Niobe have My Than She But I am or same , to see poor your forget , my The I ever name that , do . with Wittenberg good ? servant lord myself even Wittenberg . student . upon mother's see follow'd to was it , Horatio the hard - The that I I thrift Did had — father Where seen methinks , my forth met saw In My Or Would had ? the King my admiration your The With God's love hear . while deliver watch your - thrice eyes me distill'd , the - they of they did , watch in kept , made , had word I . impart both true more not not ? where not These , thing apparition Form not Where And the of not not Did it not the But you like shrunk , lord it up motion the vanish'd in it sight 'tis crew , I My to Itself And Arm'd Hold MARCELLUS and , you lord From , head from not top to my , very Pale fix'd And Nay It would his very I had constantly . you it a his I sable have watch I will tonight . person , should . and , sight tonight I . 'twixt visit requite as duty loves me have tenable be understanding in . fare twelve farewell . you All the foul , not embark'd are I My Till And My And But let me Do and the a primy , of the in , it a suppliance minute now besmirch , own , you mind . withal Grows The virtue And inward and Think but as more it of Perhaps no service his will is to persons his not but you doth soul loves he cautel subject soil unvalu'd choice circumscrib'd ; sister dear open . further his unmaster'd , credent give As he weigh Or it , keep Out canker Be wary in liquid of danger my chaste enough infants of fear of I The Virtue If Himself Show not as my th'effect then Contagious And As Whilst the primrose some And A smiles Aboard here stay path puff'd steep the and own his not , for few in , shoulder . precepts my , blessing your the blessing And thought thy you vulgar sail . Beware voice : buy . thy reserve thy not : man rank chief : be a generous lender and itself and nor of borrower true day the own edge as then , be to night self husbandry ; that station tend ; remember . well . Hamlet the hath , to Marry private me audience so way of as most very and 'tis I must clearly and me late made understand your of Give of , so you he be Given it And behoves Of Pooh to green a ? a me the — fool love tender yourself the ; phrase baby pay true yourself me fashion . his of to the , to , fire take for as , it your scanter promise vows , is extinct blazes how burns than to command a Believe And Than Lends must light not given mere better in to not But you As The Have , my I talk ; with any terms sanctified like beguile believe that . to't give I words and very air . struck It it it What Wherein held tonight wake doth drum his not it twelve . triumph marry , The Keeps , drains of is't my mind manner born custom ? a it and his of draughts pledge . thus ; I am . custom here headed ; and perform'd tax'd the in traduc'd drunkards our oft it vicious of , wherein cannot o'ergrowth the down in their Since That So us Makes They clepe us mole they nature much choose say , by Oft breaking his too o'erleavens , men these of of habit — fault own lord . a of undergo pure , that evil man as in all particular Shall From Wherein we and inurn'd why his Hath thus cast op'd again , thou why ? What fools we to horridly ! Say ! That With ! is thoughts this ? means no ! souls our to It go a not do waves ; I . pin's follow it the not not will Why do It what I draw deprive into And you brain desperation it lord my the tempt a o'er assume dreadful you might beetles And That And many , sea horrible of reason , to the , form , Think other some there more motive puts your The Without ? beneath roar me follow fathoms madness place , waves . not artery Nemean Unhand I'll , I heaven away — waxes He say By Have . Denmark come . further . is hour I Alas , poor but shall thy up almost sulph'rous myself tormenting Must Pity My to shalt , thou . fires , days walk , certain to father's when revenge Doom'd And for a secrets tale lightest blood , spheres young - I the part on porpentine thy that But . crimes am Till Make thy didst and up eyes thy could I ears Like quills upon the fretful , List . foul , foul and , revenge thoughts I As is as unnatural . it the the or that as Murder ! best with , be thou stir not duller May know't foul to Haste rots A given that so sleeping ease shouldst I Now the thou . father's thy in Lethe weed . hear , Hamlet my process forged but whole wears ; me Is my Mine , to power , there - won — wicked So will of and with gifts , uncle soul ! gifts his incestuous wit to O prophetic ! of beast the . the garbage on I within . a scent , stole did , morning in of leperous in The an the hour . be me my custom My With And and curd most - And Most That natural The lazar I , Cut of All my sleeping crown , like wholesome eager vigour into posset milk So bark'd did with And , tetter smooth sent made If But couch Let thou With all horrible my the not Taint howsoever thy thorns her sting mother in , imperfections , on , bear Denmark be incest , horrible it ; of ; bed royal for those . that ; thee to be . me O , heaven , adieu ; her aught and The To ; Ay ; And , I'll And That Yea , My , Within book baser , smiling woman , villain ! a , my ' . villain it and live by down be so it you . Hamlet have there . sure Meet . tables may I adieu , remember . be may are . and in to Now , 'Adieu least am Within . Within , Within My . Illo , ho ! What lord How is't , you'll . tell , Not How But Nor , would then be of heart knave i' more fit it To you hath and we ; so tell us , But There's needs ne'er us a business the us us an he's no You For your is man us as , and I'll and us , faith Yes I'm as every Look us hold And that business pray words . poor , part is this us , friends is you are friends know , there . Patrick offence you one request now And what Touching . lord and that too desire may as your much is Yes And honest my is't Give For O'ermaster't make to , will . tonight , sword sworn , upon We lord lord Nor Upon , Ha Come on lord . the to this the hear ? lord swear , lord there you lord . truepenny ? thou cellarage heard . fast . have you that by sword . th'earth good , it , never , therefore are O a in antic , as are Here Than we to at things more dreamt of soe'er so and earth philosophy odd before in your , never shall , if note to and , be and doubtful 'We or this head me on - Swear mercy aught we , ambiguous rest , perturbed do man Swear . 'Well Or you That grace willing God still time what t'express not love lack joint to O . it did Reynaldo behaviour wisely , Reynaldo , keep in Look expense drift son means you Paris . more nearer , you , sir they well ; Reynaldo of come my ' but him' , as know do , mean ' mark knowledge touch ; question him it will him ; that usual far swearing of , marry take , companions are , Ay As so Addicted 'And But dishonour , such you him and ? and known most , and gaming My no You not That's , put is : seem and savageness But Wherefore flash meaning That may general of a blood . mind fiery , would my warrant , working th' sound , 'gentleman' prenominate him you Mark converse you , Very According ' closes you these And 'twere thing party in Having Your seen ever breathe in youth this , of I leave ? you ; of we wisdom this so or such falsehood enter with With Shall you wi' , You my indirections , Your God Observe my lord let me , have . you fare inclination my lord well . yourself , Well him I I lord , what Ophelia been the ? affrighted matter of name sewing down and , in , I with head his been but loosed piteous purport other , truly ? know do had his And He As as , he horrors for , out of hell of Long little a — a , rais'd thrice , head his sigh waving piteous done head his seem to , his That over doors , stay'd perusal . his shoulder lets , on light . so way , And And so to draw , falls such thus so so and bulk , eyes and so go profound down up He so And He find so And oft No , And For Whose leads does , That did letters any . am words you repel you What , am hath his and judgement . fear'd he heed the close the our our beshrew access I had To It must lack Moreover The Our that need , hate kept utter to hide to , Of , That And More Resembles So was . have hasty nor it from dream young . days th'understanding , brought up with him , court himself inward I provoke heard , living men adheres , two If . us more he show whom sure gentlemen aught Whether As Good And To To For To That to us he talk'd him , thanks . bent your our of such command have you him practices Hamlet where and our Ay lord . presence our , father the — or my you , hold to policy this gracious my my good and as to cause very the do Hamlet's my not of else I Assure lunacy feast them great in . queen , all that found . distemper . hear , main friends brother ! him sift good and , levies first nephew's our Upon It so falsely Was On Receives before Norway he borne from arms of Norway , against overcome crowns in annual soldiers , fee . those herein , shown to , enterprise : give might it So Gives And entreaty Through That an before to thousand as safety are dominions for this set down ; read . together labour took business we'll feast home night is well welcome night night business night , but My liege majesty is night day What day night the brevity is and night noble define mad night madness ? Your . Your all at figure will use Your And . A . then cause Your him I , Your 'tis 'tis for I Your pity ; 'tis , remains , Perpend mine , surmise a is beautified 'beautified' most to her not . it to , reckon and . ear his , to given how What of But might love you out above , hath time she mine means , receiv'd what tell table and , desk your Majesty dear perceiv'd prove faithful hath me . you you must , hot . man might , book , I love I , prince took — she she not you Or might Into to a , sadness a the to a Thence been It be very may time positively it such that Not prov'd from lead hid me though if be this , it I , may we walks the he in does Here At time and you encounter . be not me But I , Away Excellent be ten , Do I were Honest , sun this . honest the lord my goes . dog lord my carrion have by i' . harping ; at . me How her , daughter you Have walk may to speak him . in truly . Words gone not And I matter words He on What — most believe weak tree , For , matter satirical are be which wrinkled to honesty sir have I hams . beards potently yourself plum you . old though , air . backward not there yet , a ; go should walk Will with sir Though are Indeed sanity suddenly not so the will of prosperously the out happiness that Into the as I be that you this out replies honourable could contrive lord , You me my most , well , except fools the . life take between be withal , sir , my take Fare to excellent My On Nor we are , live you or cap we ? or a strumpet is at or . me question more true the or middle of she O , most , her or Faith ? But or my Fortune particular near is or there being . dungeons and . nothing , worst there To not Denmark's a ? lord , for ; nutshell 'tis one it is I , not were , ambitious infinite space indeed is so but ambition hold and our . court ? monarchs and . for But ; servants my Elsinore attended . And sent is craft sent have ; Is for sent were You , looks Is the to Is must fellowship Is ever you Is , by Is preserved withal charge - you , Nay . I , tell you secrecy exercises but your goodly this earth indeed frame most this in faculties . like What a no , other an the angel in piece in of your animals form , and to paragon dust work smiling not there by my think , lord shall you players you then if you hither that He the you of you king the the gratis the humorous whose you those her say you What shall , shall are receive from delight to use his ? such adventurous were wont for't . to mind city take . of was I the ways tragedians the of — both means ? are grow followed , they ; there of , fashion are pace so These but they wonted Do I think hold , No their it Do ? comes in the rusty on out — that the , sir , top they are writers sing sides the and do than ? no should are against grow themselves to can ? Will , while the and ; for a cuffs of ? about and away my while ; mouths , there for bid Do my been ? Hercules his natural lived King his throwing much carry it , twenty Denmark , and in picture is , if , come tell You . southerly is the dear and like appear to the Elsinore fashion to extent my should my uncle more is Gentlemen lest , but mad time see and second to tell to for morning me for players . clouts . to the so it . say old is . swaddling an Mark tell news When you Rome . Roscius hither my was The I , come a Monday a child an — actor . 'twas — indeed to are , buzz , historical on tragedy scene individable , tragical , the , too , men historical history for ! pastoral comedy or poem , he ? treasure hadst lord my . thou . daughter Jephthah daughter a my he loved , daughter Aside I lord me you first What follows call Jephthah and you , God show am Thy face ! friend , not chopine is . the Pray within falconers straight to't speech . gold , Come . a the me altitude my , your What me speech passionate my but me , play once me it I the top me was , the me speech for general not whose cunning once to of matter well remember , much judgements heard , caviare to tale as might received , remember — of mine it not it lord , me the one more called no nor he where The more whose the thereabout , of speech that your he he fire , damned , he smear'd he , he he complexion Head to , he with Pyrrhus with hellish . good with discretion , with , the seeks with sword , with wide falls crash , sword , senseless wind top , milky th'air i' Pyrrhus' a a as like And Did nothing , reverend nothing nothing nothing A As nothing nothing hush bold him Cyclops' - Pyrrhus' the anon ; the than Pyrrhus' . sleeps Prithee — is a a for Break And shall He's to That's stood A . lank rheum up 'Mobled Run A blanket bisson threat'ning robe flames the , eyes she made not of of mortal milch heaven and his colour , the in he Would I'll ; you they for players abstracts better were are thee the see them death your while will I has . report lord After well speak out have the rest ? this hear . chronicles them . and The . and honour his bounty play you my for of . play The Murder them . could speech insert . you leave mock him not and , in't ? nothing ! all alone am ! all conceit passion own his dream of player all wan'd aspect ? or he all cue appal and ear Hecuba conceit to in broken voice his all all A forms should And all for , for stage horrid with not most Am it Who me blows breaks . dreams mettled the faculties Confound mad cleave very dull A Like a and muddy eyes ears and of , cause ? throat cannot it me or the it , No property was villain beard nose gives and in lie does ? and , calls As ! But I pigeon the to my Plucks the liver'd should fatted Bloody lecherous ass son revenge whore a , my ! play have scene ! Foh heard . malefactions very creatures ! by with murder'd , speak a no . organ though struck scullion a Fie And Prompted - About , it the . of observe . mine Play Before something most That They tent know I'll to this weakness my is the conscience . me of Out T'assume , quick the yea my shape and ; have , very with . and catch Abuses potent Grating turbulent and all no , you cause we we a him crafty him madness to . you with But find harshly so With confess But would his he Most with But question Most Did much in of his him the you assay . a forcing like , out way . Of court of , already him your the they we joy told kind a these to him my delights too us sent as For have may lord so leave , myself . judge , seeing espials hither , shall , Hamlet , father Her so We And If't And your I good your , he Will their thus of him he Ophelia suffers you . for obey beauties shall be That his , of , part wish Ophelia Your 'Tis wish That . him Of Hamlet's wish To here . wish may — an exercise devotion's visage wish . please wish so , in to oft wish Ophelia such of . pious The wish prov'd action 'tis the deed to speech O much 'tis show 'tis I hear , 'tis the to 'tis , a To — 'tis die to ? arms take to And 'tis Or The Whether 'tis or that sleep a against in the fortune outrageous sea say we consummation natural to may come coil , death spurns death , death death death will , death cast hue great and moment bourn weary something under Who ? bodkin Than Is lose fly thus makes traveller cowards of us not those life these would , returns of dread a the us And undiscover'd country from whose orisons in Soft you now resolution , awry of thought pale the pith this Ophelia With I No you have I longed re yours well well , lost breath compos'd noble the prove you . givers again these the with And means made Take What be and once with now beauty gives translate no ? honesty honesty transform of power a . likeness his for to it This believed my You Indeed we but should stock not . ambitious nunnery that . house , he . should knaves of father more , better my were revengeful to in upon home such to all in's marry as , ice nunnery wise dost doors give farewell well go know ; enough Or monsters . of marry . hath . quickly too you amble wantonness you God , jig restore snow , thou thou I , nunnery ! a The live have , more marriages nickname I'll what soldier's a here as keep shall . rest , courtier's Th'observ'd , of I That And , all suck'd sweet Now of T'have Like see the that form and . seen lack'd form a disclose , brood on it do danger in quick determination melancholy his doubt have I like affections . which shall he down the Haply set Thus Will And O'er ? His he With variable puts tribute , different shall in beating think heart to expel What . yet But his Lord what , said , believe thus , be alone after do let it . tell and How neglected not need Sprung It Whereon This But We grief his if it all hold . My lord all round him , unwatch'd . where go , had torrent the I trippingly do for ; players of O pated do gently many I pronounced of but Pray Herod such are have I most very , a to capable rags that thus say use lines , you your to it of in the to very saw my , all . spoke give but , a beget soul and as I Herods Be too observance the overdone so Suit not noise the part would . I tame the o'erstep of her own Now , image the whose action of to modesty , as not the the that of made hope we reform'd they , well . them it have that the speak make your must but that — or clowns them play that one be players I gait nor bellowed . your of the you shows For of Go How more laugh considered the now it , some necessary villainous King Queen too piece of that and ? lord work , Will the And that fool you ROSENCRANTZ to the them haste make and two , GUILDENSTERN lord , at Horatio as lord , ho What cop'd . withal my O do advancement Why should thy poor the of Dost ; hope think may thee for all mistress hinges ? choice thou but lick knee - hast man and so for Give will those are mingled blessed . distinguish been , heart wear that of him . this King circumstance of father's - foot death Fortune's rewards , the act one If of his see'st told , have scene of tonight . thee , the when Even I Which , I play that comment guilt , imaginations . rivet to , face heedful as are in , my of , thee As For It Danish Excellent Hamlet ; My To . now mine th'university Polonius . actor . you answer , me kill'd i' Capitol i' killed . Be Brutus calf there . attractive ? a . patience me . by you ? lie ho , Lady No my , do in country I That's between lord my lie lord . merry within's two but be lord man and my twice You , my lord . a do have a O the with hope ? you , Nay sables hobby , let months devil ! must - Queen upon . unto him Anon is the ' else not is kneels She , is by'r long there's O is heavens horse horse lovingly protestation is is , King in Lays him poison is King's comes or three some woos is What end her , is it counsel the of keep cannot play ; they'll meant show . mischief means to us you'll him tell : not what what this it means you . of lord naught . naught are naught You naught a beg stooping wash dozen moons hath naught my hearing clemency gone orbed hands our borrow'd naught with Tellus' have hearts commutual our world love twelve Hymen did , sheen . and be sacred late distrust , must : of former holds in or love it extremity fear hath my littlest proof . fear shortly to love , great and the , doubts is grows great great is And Now what , leave fears my In neither aught , do made ; so there , too world , their thee grow this For , shalt , And love , base Are , instances of thrift second second second you kill none who me rest treason be . breast . love . bed in me determine the to or joy purpose themselves either the grief slender 'tis fortunes strange . flies favourite fortune of fortune prove enemies : own . our . light dead night my scope , wife I ever , me lasting it break . awhile . beguile would be and face . sleep with rock mischance never , lady The grow spirits The O argument , Is offence word this ? world : of what us work is ? i' in't . th' image . Let a Baptista unwrung of , your good withers love . dallying and are . we gall'd This I are a , cost you , to groaning between interpret . begin , else thrice natural Thou mixture would It you Thoughts and mistake husbands hands season , usurp and of midnight , and , better doth Pox time property , revenge agreeing ; how . rises estate very in Thy With poisons is What He him and th'garden the , frighted ? play How , let Lights this shoes Would not fortunes , Turk , get Half sir forest forest dear . in forest me sir forest So runs turn , forest whole know realm This , one share forest . Didst note my well Very Upon , good ha then belike , a you perdie . him of talk Ah if ! Come , king music the comedy , sir King , The , him . so not purgation choler some into from , frame his with ? choler sir plunge start this and , affair . welcome sir discourse tame great you of are pronounce my . spirit hath be breed . mother's the of end it will shall return my . matter the command I answer mother — and amazement , But My go admiration ! hath . say you you my , no there to . Have mother did these love pickers stealers you sequel bed . bar the surely griefs advancement once by she closet ? you . once the cause once liberty once trade ten deny the ? once your himself is do King once to have , your own once for You ? friend your me a . play upon is into toil too cannot of see me the , I do recover to O . this love my I you you Believe I no touch . my cannot beseech you lord it the know I these these will of little me of are you stops . mouth govern Look any , upon instrument me to bless , fret make it much is pipe God , Queen . yonder . mass . By . Do see It . is a almost you a indeed a . and in camel . weasel a weasel like I by Or whale — by say will . will I my very witching easily said Leave night of itself Now world 'Tis — Very a whale . hot , not mother day my bosom : let as now could hell the churchyards to quake heart lose on By and by is yawn thy the to use consent my her and soul thy to The thy thy thy him his I of England thy may with with , never seals my tongue speak to , be be soul safe prepare , us . it safe . is , Majesty is the of armour peculiar upon many single That keep the The With To spirit alone . weal highest of summit it . lesser doth bound feed and strength and 'noyance from itself of many ; with spokes ; but cease gulf mount of ; a It ten huge ; annexment adjoin'd falls ; groan speedy . this put to upon ; but you too fetters ; convey I'll arras . I'll , mother's closet him said a o'erhear liege , home . should it mother my , partial them you well go you tell lord my curse , to look prayer force offence serves ? fall of But ? my ; turn be own ambition my murder above itself , prize there , true his There Even give To Buys no shuffling . hand may the But the to In assay ? ourselves evidence can what wretched more O Art Bow stubborn engag'd ; of and Help state repentance teeth it ! that one can death not it when the knees All may be father do my his O , grossly ; is heaven goes he . blown course , revenge scann'd do kills , took reveng'd , would I'll so , pat my son villain am do't And his father To , At in asleep season'd in him fit , heels of no , trip sword Up he with With our how all But his and passage ? horrid his of for a or ; thou drunk and in ; act , at and . to never ; will ; Tell him Words This My that Within warrant , Come , father idle my much matter I Now Go , you have coming him ? offended hast tongue ? me forgot . are my mother speak you that can You you down Thou , Help ? What You , and not do What , you see may ho help thou wilt How me Behind . what not a a Almost As Ay lady kill and it thou done ? fortune thy danger you — I , penetrable braz'd and so ; thou that done not have noise sets the virtue fair a off deed plucks marriage contraction an grace forehead there . the , and such vows of of takes and the and A As The and With and and Ay , visage at thunders , and act in , two Jove , the act index , himself this , eyes your you age humble : judgement ? it's and ? judgement to have for madness would not sure what but ne'er was have you was't ? sense all thy blush bones sense blind , sight sans hoodman feeling one . gives actively as ardour the youth let where is hell in virtue own Proclaim charge no , speak , speak doth , speak my of . more enter me speak honeying an in speak As will speak the Of A A that precedent of A a And from cutpurse That put it in his stole rule the more the precious and lord A . the shelf No ! guards of o'er and Save me What your of time your he's hover heavenly You That not Alas , dread lets , go ? sits This almost amazement to Do in Do thy Speak between works . discourse vacancy . mother visitation blunted her to with bend your and an , air incorporal the Forth And Your is is't your eye ? hold your excrements , thy . patience heat flame your , conjoin'd ! piteous you , son your your , alarm your , glares you pale your see I is speak perchance I tears . Do . Look what nothing all true stern Would My whom you see , No you there but ? there ? steals . yet , the goes very bodiless very This ecstasy it nothing where , nothing father My as gambol for love ; the is temperately - not I This . speaks place , is on weeds , heaven to not test soul madness , time grace film from as , but and Mother . healthful utter'd matter . re the Yea O Infects And Repent To Whilst unseen . compost to to yourself , past avoid the Forgive pursy fatness of for purer virtue a But not you yet a or fair actions on put the the with have of must him , good to do heart leave cleft my all the if , the away live throw O Good night is go monster to aptly curb wondrous almost of must are . the you potency when beg desirous a . abstinence is He likewise next Refrain next shall Once more to but ; repent punish I bestow be must I , cruel with their , bad shall ? lady to and him That do word good worse , you do : bed , kisses , know , him a a , fingers you you neck 'Twere from sense ? of concernings a craft your for with pair bid I , mouse , damn'd call this in out . basket the and , own like in neck the on , if conclusions fly your the house's and would , wise gib , creep ape famous secrecy do way , work it adders 'Tis two schoolfellows the Let must will 'Tis seal'd as and . 'Tis letters me mandate so that 'Tis hard . most enginer go mines meet 'Tis , room counsellor 'Tis 'Tis sweet . an mother and , draw , still the guts night night toward this , prating . with end knave a while a ? seen Hamlet , does I what , on Where this lord place What Mad my Bestow had been , deed threats to there . providence be , deed we . rat ! so , bloody , man It To . hence , further Polonius , him dragg'd : the done what He , come ship you with excuse join all no sun The you Both you woundless . done chapel him seek Go you Friends both , go you , our . this slander you , wisest mean haply you shot the o'er whisper , Come And cannon cannon ROSENCRANTZ Within , his miss come ! cannon away and , world's to may discord dismay our blank cannon name , cannon cannon here . Hamlet ? Lord Hamlet ! Hamlet body dead thence , Hamlet Hamlet to Hamlet son made not and counsel your what sponge — Hamlet you the King's for soaks me in , like an : swallowed officers keep . last authorities of up do , what the can I Take that ; them glad the King body knavish where , lord am of I understand sponge needs he must King the Of Bring . is with the body to us with not after and all . him law strong this distracted bear their in the , sending pause By the the How the Where now desperate the body ? sudden Diseases desperate the the of where And Who the But Deliberate . my ? your my in ? pleasure . A only ourselves for . lord . we the end certain maggots . emperor your but , That's ? to fish mean that this a fed Your eats are the table and is fat eat ? guts the there not up go indeed If . nose yourself place him ? your into stairs him through find you the , if you month within Attendants some we that bark prepare help there seek him . dearly send ; For England especial thine — we Therefore and and ? Ay For , quickness hast wind . tend mother . Good Th'associates thou if Hamlet , for wife is . Farewell England one . for ! done speed . make tonight ; awe thee my and my Pays Our us process letters By homage yet my th'affair have him for Tempt him not at him Delay For Away leans England That else thy Danish hectic in joys my , haps me from my me cure of Till my conjuring death present After the , to thou sovereign And Howe'er that by like must I shall We Good sir And do't duty express his . softly The nephew part Norway , old main , Poland you . pray I ? of with no frontier ? To ranker will ducats it Norway the defend it it Pole already should five to Goes the , no profit speak Or for to gain it , little A five rate never I would yield is Yes in sold garrison'd be , thousand Will . debate , is dies not souls the wi' b' breaks Will't my Go inform do a little you , a his of you and market is humbly shows no , without . you lord . not large A dull straight ? you I'll you and unus'd whether more you no What ? oblivion To but And spur to he in , you capability us feed with be chief revenge . discourse us made and be it gave godlike Now but , gross of by Witness I A fust some on , as and live , Examples will to this do't parts too which three quarter'd I cause . say have Even that divine and and be I blood shame thousand trick for a fame and , Rightly puff'd , unsure , dare , stain'd stand a straw see plot men my mother , my , my of of sleep Whereon Which the be time . thoughts their , Excitements hide or indeed with . or worth or . or have ? she would or ; and things speaks speech it Her . use but or i' speaks carry That Spurns tricks , or of of her straws needs is will at doth at move aim their they ; fit up collection think and unshaped as Dangerous good 'Twere , Yet hems father , gestures . is , amiss sin's as , seems toy my To sick conjectures in spoken sure would Which It her - ill By his From How I should , now beauteous ? know love true one what , Nay lady pray hat ? this song ? shoon sandal cockle another And Say his shroud my . go mountain here look , table daughter . your at . father was pretty love Larded Which With the grave her they day betime at the your window , morning Saint maid Valentine's in Tomorrow Then let's Conceit upon clothes a out maid the more ! end on't . wed to come . bed my , come she not ? yonder you if they shame Charity make ; cannot My night good watch pray . good night . good ladies your for deep they , sorrows When All O this sweet good We be been sweet choose good i' cold sweet But . sweet springs , Ophelia sweet . Poor Without hugger Thick sweet , his , Polonius' - brother is Feeds much we unwholesome gone . For Next ; First , her and your Of good Last and Divided to and Her And , me murdering stick what Save Gives a ocean Than Eats the , yourself What Let the guard , haste list . my lord head , begin cry Laertes props . Laertes flats , 'Choose The And They , O 'Laertes counter cheerfully as and we ratifiers king on is the be tongues offices The were false applaud shall this are broke . they dogs . the ! ' . O Calmly , door . king , calm my between to my mother Laertes , is What Let such , thy That him rebellion But go , would our not so will hell , I came How allegiance he Let fill him by him I'll his Conscience That Let what but enemies ? both little with far I'll not go Laertes desire you for means Good death you None Will good wide . blood draw , to If dear sweepstake , Winner like Like most sensibly level That And Why know his And friends the Repast guiltless of you speak father's grief day How Within shall heat O , thy madness of in . it judgement eye 'pear , salt by wits man's old and , Burn Till It They in barefac'd where life fine on a Hey And is thou on Fare wits not and , my many , didst persuade — nonny him non bore grave could It rain'd move you well call . more a - a . daughter , for in that's is This there A . violets , There's me for for your Go And And His never thy will as his is gone . snow come death he - again , will , ye . apart grief your with , commune I pray his this O and me kingdom not we hand give ours , o'er , fall his burial , bones — to , Hamlet world I . have with me ? the Lord speak letters . come Sailors , do should I Reads . fellows some days . old to , the ourselves too a They am bound bless you thee bless God and't th'ambassador me valour thieves them repair good to words clear like Finding of and means , Horatio as of to letters very sail have have , too : of course wouldst fly sent much thee of your these of knowest to that of of and for direct Guildenstern , Guildenstern thou have haste matter Guildenstern hold . Guildenstern have I . Guildenstern , Guildenstern thou I have thine Guildenstern brought you you for acquittance seal , else things . safety and so , all these , unsinew'd , nature up feats in capital , were special , stirr'd , to O Which As It you against yet Why So your by they me mainly and either — my him affection wind bow to turneth loud so aim'd terms lost father , again them back , a had a A on revenge age , that spring love his ; so wood their stone arrows . into may of love danger into and will come , all go desperate again into into the my . into stuff let father hope I your think into Letters your Majesty , my lord into You . pastime . lov'd our for That , And to I How were From This Reads . Tomorrow beg your , shall know occasions recount your that him thereunto Leave you brought them . them ? to leave pardon . should sudden abuse Or , 'High shall the ! postscript character . it Can you says he Know is this mean the no return thing such here me Hamlet's a lost And I That how it live I As shall warms in am will Ay be and be it Will , own checking No death And the an As To thine peace his it now , exploit And mother he at undertake , a return'd means , breathe practice of a for you in As that one , they unworthiest your Your , right be could the You Did have might if you organ since travel sum . hearing Hamlet's together the Of What Importing settled and his careless the cap that , lord my livery and his weeds since becomes less regard youth siege it of the my - tricks A , life my A all He the the . brooch , indeed . report defence especially masterly your most exercise your for art you match neither . 'twould rapier report nation , sight eye a . Now out of lord ? with this to nothing your my play face you What was like Why that that qualifies I ask this , to , you father , time by . proof in love you you in Not that think did not in the see I in And in Dies in then by is For goodness much would are , hands delays as is son in o' are , tongues abatements is 'should' But : than his those shall keep no , is bounds should i' to is . back Hamlet your is have return'd No Revenge you We'll Will should Hamlet And a peruse Frenchman your , Or Will Most wager on the and him Requite for that blood no dip unction I that So Where be , draws Collected This be , contagion be be As make a in not be have Should Let's to May be fit Weigh motion our that 'Twere this motion fast So motion motion motion doth follow motion That woe another's , Drown'd One a ! There shows his willow grows sister's ? heel tread - That our Fell crow But There Clamb'ring Till her the Unto that incapable chaunted snatches her , not indued distress own awhile of and it wretch like , trophies herself wide , their yet holds . tears her thou nature ; trick our Let that Pull'd therefore hast forbid say speech Let's had this I much fear . start his follow will ! it ; rage it give let's salvation when , she salvation her make salvation salvation seeks The salvation her . three salvation : For act . goodman , argues be . salvation cannot it to act , wittingly drown the but good and , to myself se be . if must I go mark not . Nay lies water you himself is shortens he the , it Here himself water — nill him he drown of him to life not water law a law that if . that drowns , Argal Will Why ditchers , Was and , world say'st this . Come my And . in ha' , should have He was art grave he first he had none ? Christian burial more themselves that but have should understand to purpose stronger builds Go thyself he . thee What , says dig not the The put , I'll ? another confess arms ? mason thousand . tenants , carpenter . than or that ill gallows dost gallows ? carpenter a . tell question doomsday this liquor of stoup a me . with maker' thy Cudgel In Yaughan you are cannot mend will not 'a his last about houses and brains pace when he youth methought made feeling of for very love was the O ; it grave nothing meet , was there I 'Tis so As And skull had ! the might ground This to offices , might pate 'twere circumvent would that It one , a ' - if might now sexton's mazard - such , trick loggets at a and one's This when Ay my my he my ? lord . see't e'en so O with a shrouding . sheet a Mine . spade clay of a , spade play the knocked breeding made Where tricks sconce tenures , action him knock of to , meet is for - pit a A . quiddits Why . his fine purchases box ; and must conveyances than himself the of his ? vouchers his too very ? The of fine , double ones the lord ? more , pair a of the recognizances might his this in this skins ? ha , more jot lie a Not not Mine a pit this O , made - of and calves seek out - skins that sir . I assurance this guest grave's , clay guest thine , and ; thou liest guest from me 'Tis away 't quick in't on't it guest I my lie guest guest a guest You , dost What man , for . her she's soul card , equivocation . We so three of toe speak rest buried to is , kibe ? grave - that years or long thou last our maker I o'ercame Fortinbras , a courtier Lord grown is the the you that Cannot that can — Every long is , why , Ay ? How Hamlet he shall matter no Why great he it's ? since ? was he as he as he ? there he sent into England and sent there are be in him Very How ; came Faith losing there here will long How Upon I lie man i' , die here ground ? man , rot have nine you he that is with so And Here's . great dead - three skull is Why a . tann'd now . I whoreson A him same E'en a for This on skull sir mad pestilence , mad fellow's . of the , in , fancy how He . hung now poor . that This ? a My how flashes of oft merriment and , your her one me tell Make that , to it now abhorred , to set your table - an Prithee that her ? let the chop th'earth Pah ! uses of Alexander till too 'Twere may E'en return with was enough we they not modesty . so him to follow . the as ; into returneth , likelihood , and , Alexander not of , Horatio it But dust whereto - dead to that but a , loam that stop Might and why Caesar to a earth hole ! such the aside ! Queen with of did is This ? betoken they doth Here Who follow maimed own King courtiers , following The Queen And That As but And the flints Shards , we Till , in trumpet great command o'ersways death Her been . have ceremony ? as order charitable virgin thrown on , her , rites prayers ? burial done more sing As i' shall I - the the to . rest her be sister , dead flesh howling churlish priest . souls parted peace to from her her unpolluted liest fair Ophelia been to thou Scattering Fall thee have caught Hold off more in earth the once Till Now thought bride treble woe strew'd on ingenious cursed . quick that thy and dead , arms while . mine grief made or blue an is Olympus hearers Of phrase whose hearers ? devil The the wounded - him thy fingers hearers soul stand hearers hearers ; not hearers , theme ? what do quantity with I ? woul't drink I'll To prate acres like Ossa weep Woul't Anon that as work disclos'd . are couplets will you sit His Hear silence her , mere When What mere mere And mere will , and mew Hercules that But dog cat mere Let good patience , what use mere no thus ; have put Gertrude matter present our night's over We'll the , of hour then shall quiet shortly grave your Good thee pray Now remember the circumstance see monument your speech proceeding than prais'd When My Rough There's our deep Up cabin me ; and them in is gown to I , not to bugs ; manners out To My grand Oh Larded health ! on No That head should the and ! where Horatio too of , reasons England's grinding life , my struck supervise I wilt But thou commission Here's Being at you did more me , brains my villanies , to , play make a write , labour'd know Wilt learning They How forget did it I garland their great contents or , amities wheaten of of more , bearers view many peace between England them Ay The effect of lord , wear charge less sudden her still 'tween the like comma know put this was How even my the in of signet and debatement Why I That Without He , had in heaven in that the model Guildenstern by Does are 'Tis Why thee what mighty king thinks't , kill'd that He , not pass , hopes a king this not nature conscience England , mother , upon life perfect not my whor'd me stand , angle Popp'd To quit him To And And a of For will issue shortly be But by portraiture That I to the of bravery I'll his grief court my Laertes tow'ring . I cause here to sir Into the back right passion 'tis . beasts waterfly Denmark No gracious ; king's more let ; mess fertile is state I impart his for from of a . and lord vice but your bonnet northerly . I , Majesty spirit the Put very lord , lordship 'tis of , I it receive right with diligence very is Majesty . remember you the — tell cannot has , laid — gentleman good , cold indifferent is you , that to and card what continent of perdition , me soft , society in th'arithmetic you , of But memory , soul true of of , infusion , nothing umbrage , more . him most do we gentleman will , sir , You ? wrap another really nomination ? Laertes all's empty would did you me . are ? sir Laertes with know himself if to compare unfellowed the he's what Well faith not it — you laid , excellence in . on him well his ; his Rapier and two I as , as dear girdle delicate knew must carriages The , faith their has King The assigns he are , sir , hath very imponed you horses . exceed would , sir not it you come answer a , the hangers matter the are if their assigns , the ? against passes you bet twelve . And , call imponed as lordship for the vouchsafe nine . the , brought your flourish odd will . lordship my ; deliver . there your yours to deliver e'en so nature and will I deliver my but , nothing deliver else — on , deliver duty , after effect deliver commend suck'd he the it drossy and out blow through runs before the shell . Thus his ; dotes the their through to them them the , opinions ; This his of which time carries collection the tune do but his that , am , my . they Now . follow or Laertes him happy all the fall you instructs She lose before some In and Queen use desires not the Since . so shall . think I do You win about heart at here practice and . now , 'tis you not . is't what it will ; special I . it . woman a a such is it trouble say obey forestall be from . heard have exception and , are have gentleman done you distraction ta'en be himself does Never madness done sore I . must a . Hamlet himself here I punish'd awake That might Roughly your does then wrong was Laertes , madness that is o'er generous , enemy wrong'd be Laertes If't . Hamlet's poor in is the . evil audience from disclaiming this most arrow my shot And I keep have not offer'd . and masters name will us brother's . me , foil Your them the You know , side the it I have is . well young . hand the , No laid better'd another see me lord odds my lord seen . table ; kings cups throw successive me the , he Hamlet's of shall the which . to , kettle have crown And Let Richer Denmark's Well me , thine Judgement A give thy thy Stay thy thy thy thy I'll Come A , Here carouses take , Queen the is The I will Gertrude think't my now is . and . 'gainst . do third pray am you make , I and best wanton of but dally . Laertes ! incens'd Hamlet them come Queen the , Look They on bleed to . Queen bleed my . am O poison'd door lock'd : be out the the drink thou do Hamlet an hour thee thy of hand life good Lo here lie . practice in The mother's , is art . poison'd ! and LORDS treason yet O me , no can Never Then Here off Treason potion this is Exchange not himself . by temper'd me death Nor Mine Heaven justly dead thee . justly tremble or chance adieu justly me come serv'd justly , Hamlet noble . with a He justly and forgiveness justly on ! sergeant and I Queen it of Horatio mutes but that are his arrest , it be . Horatio time O the Never more Here's Roman it . th'art go , hold from my felicity in shall unknown Horatio . ever thee Absent thou If am left . man Heaven wounded ? volley England noise world draw Young Fortinbras To the O potent , quite hear my . less night ? come . tell On Fortinbras have cannot I do has th'election from , and the with , does your see hither sweet is the Why cracks Now of heart sing If flights And drum aught from our that senseless give , cell death . search shot a are thanks ? England their mouth his and should , gave it since from here Are High And these How Of in And deaths carnal things , be to . and give that you from . life commandment on But a Fall'n Of arriv'd on judgements this inventors' , casual , th' speak Truly deliver upshot by , put on And I Let the haste us to to that But are men's plots Let On Hamlet likely and he soldier errors while , shall have also will cause presently , and four whose same lest been for . sight here Such him rites had royally , a let Of Even he have the field Go music like soldiers' loudly and most for . bodies , the Take up off Updated , apply can and in PROJECT including for Gutenberg you Project charge license trademark , this use you with not royalties as is license with and the nearly any charge , GUTENBERG Project , following for Project trademark may protected . redistribution S may . ANYTHING works copyright Redistribution . law , United printed free this phrase the away eBooks is distributing or of online at understand , of any have and do . the . trademark electronic . A . the terms of this part works . license using do you for you . you , access bound the E . person only people It paragraph . a all Gutenberg to agree or to from by Project few a be may be work There . you agreement can E this terms free See Gutenberg you a are preserve works agreement of . right to States displaying or States Foundation works a you prevent you located in removed copying based Gutenberg freely of with the agreement it this share terms of name the with in with its associated terms works by work laws in terms performing on displaying , or work this United of work makes in Project . any the outside most are located in in references United you where in country downloading in the derivative creating than copyright of all in any links status in country representations . E E in on phrase for a is other eBook the may copy the a the the following removed , Project with a the to License a with displayed any or work : a and restrictions States a laws or online under most eBook work using Gutenberg with you phrase . must you anyone are not the through , and . or electronic distribution E and and . work . Project E . E Gutenberg Project If the and copied fees the E work E the or . comply . posted use your through , Gutenberg Project paragraphs individual an If permission with . E . with the not this work beginning Do . will E terms or , any part , forth set other sentence Gutenberg nonproprietary form a ASCII you ASCII , gutenberg Vanilla obtaining . the E . official full official other official user official a provide or . official unless . pay royalty distributing official copying comply may of a use you already agreed to owner of under Gutenberg this . Foundation works copies . or Gutenberg fee gross paragraph which Royalty payments to , the fee the prepare or are has but he you paid Project The using profits he s notifies in Project Project Gutenberg destroy discontinue and return , a . or Project Gutenberg of the of full Project replacement agreement copy of Gutenberg this work reported the fee distribute different or writing of set Foundation permission than a of refund if , to . terms and discovered is . distribution you work agreement , you must obtain the the below research . the , but as data identify the set works electronic contain . F of Replacement . a , such infringement transcription Gutenberg , errors , by , read , under work , Archive Refund , any in described , Gutenberg Gutenberg fees . this of person a explanation the the electronic in a with your of entity providing . refund a or opportunity second the . to without further it If you electronically to the you fix demand of a person If you medium you the return sending from replacement you or 'AS types WITH set you replacement lieu may , to in choose to to is limited received you work this Except receive work the disclaimers of agreement applicable agree anyone , the with in The or invalidity indemnify applicable interpreted law If Some of the copies owner trademark . F permitted the of limitation INDEMNITY unenforceability . providing of fees legal works electronic you Gutenberg , any , Project and Gutenberg employee associated and It donations and . the a the Project . collection , provide and to Project new and . In future learn To generations Literary permanent more about the and Project www can volunteers created was for Foundation Project Archive under efforts Project to Project to walks to the critical Gutenberg . the identification Literary is non - Internal deductible , federal is to Contributions The tax business S Foundation's granted located . found . page about and the Project state's the . org at . Service number The Foundation's NJ , USA can laws at Watchung contact at Project survive links Gutenberg tax federal your laws full permitted , website contact Literary office www gutenberg - Archive licensed accessible Many the to states form cannot to upon be to Foundation Donations complying in status to machine are equipment particularly including public donations Literary depends to domain outdated of and and readable and number to public increasing to these met not us donations gutenberg paperwork . received the www visit requirements do solicit contributions in donate accepted , swamp received from make cannot small states we no who other . state we current org number for card in credit gutenberg Project of anyone Section freely Gutenberg . Professor donate outside the Information visit , check distributed shared Project Gutenberg editions Project Most people a eBooks in compliance website are Gutenberg a was electronic years originator of works forty support . a of several particular . any the not often confirmed notice . about the Project which information