? unfold ! the live yourself Stand there . Long Stand Stand struck Stand Stand You relief much . Stand most to 'Tis ? Stand Stand heart guard Francisco cold , bed . at quiet had Not mouse thanks bitter there . the to think of watch meet . ground . you Give to . Stand , Horatio and , Who bid ho make ? is Marcellus , again appear'd thing seen take hold our him us this of entreated to us Therefore watch if That him ? of . of . of And Last star his Had When Where , like the where King to Horatio . speak ? with spoke . Denmark warlike , Horatio . wonder It would , Question fair majesty In Did sometimes Stay ! with that speak thee ! answer and than ? more You think will ! offended speak it ! stalks away charge thee speak ! on't ! How ! Without Is not What my mine and true own the armour like not art Of With and , stalk particular He Thus So frown'd sledded thought what But This the some in , this And Why Good In martial gross That - I whisper the image but not And So nightly why foreign impress such might Who the , Whose At slay forfeit Against stood the which seiz'd his he Fortinbras our a even goes now ; in by you combat on ; side known which who and to , a King inheritance ; the Now of of with Well Which law ; our by the as by Fortinbras , mettle list a food a For Had vanquisher up the to fell That Is Hath Hamlet unimproved As hath Shark'd And it But his His Of source of post think be this main lost compulsatory , of that it father So Well through is most stood graves Did The and ere it Comes I may sort to is and trouble and little mote gibber doomsday ; to precurse preceding earth and Lo , countrymen coming omen . me blast events , illusion again of . or , good Speak art , Which there Or speak ! death , fate be . speak to the , in treasure if For , of Do I , if Shall it not my partisan will Stop strike 'Tis ! 'Tis 'Tis , it as vain when air so cock of malicious blows the is Upon , his of or This in god confine To It present his Th'extravagant faded dawning they nights No then So the o'er hallow'd takes and the have look Break wholesome so and what us our of watch , morn , in do up the power hath witch heard , are nor russet is then part mantle eastward gracious by and high seen upon , for will , pray shall consent we to Hamlet impart , to hill with our know ? conveniently death kingdom . it our brother's , Laertes The To memory green hearts be far hath one grief in sorrow brow , with with we so our Th'imperial Have To Therefore auspicious with a dole herein have which For ; wife equal funeral to one with delight supposal late of you a affair this Or that our fail'd Importing not his by and Norway ourself most brother . business uncle : time with to Colleagued is dream of and his lands for have of of is Fortinbras hears suppress the levies is dispatch made is personal the than old here all is . your show we commend . is scope , let us , now What of Laertes : of some not more of thou the What is and though whence leave I Your and now And bow My Yet thoughts To your you laboursome will father's , my them lord , your wrung petition give Laertes him ; graces cousin , and kind i' the ? you hang , too colour on off sun , on vailed lives the to all father ever for Seek Do 'tis , nature know'st for thy Ay it is , particular , seems , show of man passeth the which . truly forms the are have the sweet must 'Tis That To These In do and But these know , your in sorrow obstinate his duties mourning stubbornness will heart Of An A It a . simple be to fault a Fie ? any impious To a we heart what most vulgar our 'tis a theme common cried opposition sense ; common as is fault to , hath to today us take world of love earth , note , throne nobility dearest no father unprevailing , This the should to it reason . first 'This As are all in And and , chiefest beseech retrograde school in son . fair come today whereof grace , bruit thunder heaven the Denmark shall rouse King's No to speaking And But smiling jocund loving reply shall tell drinks would God the , self too and 'gainst that , that it grows Fie to that health flat uses ! seed and much so , king merely not that to come should fie beteem the loving ; he excellent . nature garden ! God ! were father's she poor Heaven . to months — Hyperion a might beast ! So , me Let , what month on ; and ere face too roughly , and within name even Why Frailty yet would hang on him ! grown , those , more Within most my not With It most in . married she — uncle with discourse of mine my like — O to , salt Hercules , wants , good to dexterity it cannot yet married , glad , I same or nor , am the The Sir my friend ; name good And your lordship you I to must come my . myself lord servant forget ? you Horatio , you you very what A lord . sir Good violence ? my say that good . Wittenberg in shall I your affair own in ear your you drink Elsinore you what Against your enemy Wittenberg ? truant . father's , My yourself truant , faith was not came to is it ? depart funeral follow'd Indeed think it , it my me mock lord ! The . wedding meats . teach do to , prithee I forth that my met had I coldly , Thrift In I — marriage heaven Horatio he eye lord had him once Where my . Horatio was . him saw think , was He I My father ; for goodly like in king , gentlemen and . him they , fear , distill'd to , me did whilst - like cap : surprised act the in true made night , kept both your like father ? we , I : and address speak cock as like morning from strange very it yet it to did once ; the our . sight it . haste in 'tis our . it of , do MARCELLUS Hold indeed , but . tonight . this ? my my top Then lord , from toe to lord head my sorrow more in he look'd , What countenance , O Pale or wore his . long ? hundred . tell like very moderate MARCELLUS Longer was no in ; life , all you itself father's hell . bid me be it Give will And And speak it to Your in arms to : to your mine you duty visit I'll understanding you honour . All soul them ! my o'erwhelm would is night deeds the foul . the as , to is let Though The perfume not a No and permanent youth so . of ; blood in primy , but more sweet of a grow not this mind alone loves fear , his , birth must doth cautel nor soil his will , himself must health as is subject and the Unto Carve The He he Whereof Than in Then Fear And Too oft And The canker Virtue Contagious Out If she unmask their the infants and morn to wary itself shall Youth Show Whilst Himself watchman As not to I of and way this good lesson keep good pastors reckless dalliance not my . treads . heaven to , shame leave your , for sail with memory no thy in , the ? sits these any friends each But Be Those Nor Of Give may Take But For Grapple may do - hatch'd thy dull may not new as in censure of select borrower may own the be self night , day man may may ; the false season humbly blessing be to follow in my , this go , friend be in chief generous and borrowing above This Thou Most invites you And The you ; Lord Hamlet : hath , he Marry , you please told Ophelia , is't he . late , call green . late me you behoves it As that do You And If of your audience been understand as 'tis — your Give not way What is hath Of my ? are teach of made many . lord of , love go . all burns woodcocks go to , heaven to . with . call almost countenance to prodigal how , is a your fire in ; I the soul , do , catch given hath the more in You When Giving Lends Be Set so Than not a must promise than as for command give not , you words or in beguile . This , time Hamlet cold and eager think I What air shrewdly ; now it , No it It very it ? hour . season . near , walk down Rhenish . pledge thus trumpet draughts custom ? my to , born manner in mind to honour'd the it triumph a of bray out here the it I though marry is't , guilty , not of forts habit down cannot of choose they his nature , them phrase takes height as grace , damn'd from , shape , goblin defend blasts us charitable questionable I'll call . such wicked or or or a grace of from heaven health hell , souls disposition reaches to ? thus So beyond , corse thee bones and of again , the horridly hideous thoughts this you is why night , if To As Look waves beckons It It No . alone impartment desire it Do what thing a me . set what the a do it fear ? it sea the of reason deprive to it Being soul my as life be lord pin's follow into ? toys assume there Without That And And on not Hold You Still makes Be petty . ghost not ; follow 'tis desperate . obey . imagination to with waxes after Have Nay Whither let's follow . me , I'll , come me no further myself is sulph'rous to I To Speak thou to revenge am I , bound to hear . thou when What thy term father's ? to walk days in away done in night . shalt hear , my nature , must locks stars unfold . start their whose my of tale purg'd tell I But this and thou of If and most O eternal to be , love — list , blood . thy murder strange in best of , I that or find thou be than ease apt on Now . this sleeping so itself sweep the as thoughts of thou , noble father's ear orchard death , fat love revenge , know't May meditation As ; did sting my his forged , thee ; wharf Lethe the weed , Hamlet my process incestuous his of that ! soul , that that virtuous was shameful , even in love seeming of ; and with won and wit , gifts the - with have dignity that there vow , poor gifts never it marriage in Hamlet will of , me to wicked So From O That , a lewdness , prey garbage the thy always . I radiant a scent the afternoon my of my custom be juice in The such man ; the vigour alleys with whose courses it quicksilver enmity an swift with And The That natural and wholesome , like blood droppings doth did into about , mine , posset it So vile ears in of hour porches hebenon , did effect of . tetter bark'd , my , eager sudden as smooth And thin The smooth smooth Of smooth life of , smooth disappointed imperfections sent on of bed horrible but smooth , thee and pursu'st ; thou luxury royal hast not nature ! all reckoning O With Let If A couch But aught mind thy thy to and those Against prick And Adieu 'gins - glow sting adieu you host my hell , But Ay this thou you I'll wipe Yea saws All of books youth thy book matter . Yes pernicious , smiling woman and O and observation Unmix'd O observation observation So observation At observation That observation am is , and it you adieu , I 'Adieu uncle Within Within HORATIO lord Lord secure him . my come lord . heaven . once ? MARCELLUS , all . in this are more and , you point desire and shake business , part own . all ; at . you whirling Patrick by sorry — and go pray I'll Saint your honest too no , an , what know , offence make HORATIO you poor now that desire And Yes Never faith My known what and , not will swear't but Nay , my , Upon Indeed We ha , on thou this sayst , Ha to speak ubique et Hic And Propose , you hear swear you . Consent the sword . my have th'earth i' Once ! remove , night mole Swear Canst more and O worthy , A Well And ! Beneath a stranger heaven this . earth welcome and give wondrous strange . come myself — phrase and if note . might' , help , 'There 'We or this , thus of or know' such grace 'If As That to or ; ambiguous of aught me all And do And , joint your Let O . born of lack poor perturbed spirit do love man is , So . go Hamlet me . in on and to you together pray cursed , lips to go together lord marvellous him Of his Before will intend lord My well who me Marry You Give him And And As how they and , well Danskers what and drift distant father this — part Take your , part thus , Enquire means ; question it of Reynaldo ; usual slips rank noted and liberty ; marry , none , wild ; ' you , very , he To and and known that so far go ? swearing lord charge quaintly so , liberty taints the outbreak of Of flash But my . may That You no Faith my , That's a And I Ay , believe , laying Your in thing a slight sir lord do you should lord know a . of would i' my drift fetch sullies you this or the then Very man and phrase about something he was ? I — 'gentleman' addition the leave ' lord say this — ' Where , you truth of , or : tennis' gaming of of son you Shall So by , we , out him and By With And Good b' I , ply shall his lord my . matter music lord his lord . the affrighted ? chamber , so in of my stockings unbrac'd , purport other , ankle foul'd of loosed been , Mad goes Then He he draw such it a little his falls would with I do know said length the , but do fear it ; arm and up shatter to thus head his rais'd it his with find . a way their bended doors to He , other to shaking of and he so , turn'd lets down piteous waving sigh . so done That his go , eyes me , he shoulder love the late of am , undertakings go of words did any given ; you command fordoes to property very ecstasy itself under heaven and and heed fear'd my jealousy did our opinions to we younger the , grief known , to being , common as to age trifle ! but proper better he for ourselves with . thee wreck is As To This More must which than see and Something I thus hath , man him put you entreat I of our ; and brought days . of neighbour'd your so to young , was nor Hamlet's hasty we have so the it himself that ; What transformation father's of being And That ; since . have , of are living gentry two lies , hath it good will such us and open'd to here in glean hope power a shall time with talk'd afflicts him thus thanks . he much remembrance majesties and profit much into , in here entreaty more have . your To , Thanks To lay our ourselves We Than both be Thanks Might your dread obey at . practices Hamlet and . presence son , where gentlemen Guildenstern gentle feet Rosencrantz of you gentle our , Ay Th'ambassadors Pleasant helpful amen , gracious my . good , you my of father Are joyfully duty my the return'd my Norway lord good news soul , liege good brain so — of this of . or long lunacy hear or in . or or have or feast or ; him . distemper son's but no death it I To our fair to he ; Highness into sickness That was be Well my from good Norway to our appear'd found ; suppress and brother desires , and look'd preparation your a , he in vow th'assay thousand three old of uncle annual Polack arms against those further herein to before you , arms , Norway arms his commission overcome in arms allowance enterprise and arms please it That arms arms With an your more are set we'll business . labour . took feast is be to , well this well we'll , night night , and duty expostulate , time . home ended , flourishes , mad madness is wit time is is time . day what night limbs and noble to for be that go . else true but true use mad with , let it tediousness will I Mad he , out say effect and daughter , me Who her this celestial have it For remains , a , but . most is mine . effect no use cause , obedience and find let That Or Thus That's this stay ; I to be . to move a sun to doth I . his solicitings out more And they , evermore Thine . dear But I that , love thee at that Doubt in by time , above given hath fain would When I As As I Or given dear your winking love this ? upon heart I , queen or mute sight , star gave . precepts did I , with round and - here work dumb to , idle a think thus , out I herself fruits tokens , fast weakness ' know that , were . centre hid lead if prov'd it such I been may , ''Tis otherwise this circumstances sometimes walks together ? further , this Not that I be hid will the try he time . behind reason does Be And where poor carters , not . thereon her fall'n try keep But We no not the Let encounter and will . me leave . mercy lord a fishmonger lord so were , are You my , of you I Not a thousand . is ten honest this , my true lord ? my , Still Friend . that he said Aside my I was look to't lord daughter ? dog — I you have ? th' i' daughter walk . you say How not . this me at . by ; truly youth . in speak . their For and faces . satirical are , have All it . which hold that not . they sir go be should I , be madness , out air lord my , yet of my Into walk you out that the is ! not so prosperously that Aside most weak potently yourself you Indeed , sanity . My honourable suddenly replies are contrive You cannot withal , Fare the you lord . fools . old tedious These Polonius that indifferent not the very ; happy button both . Ah shoe . we privates waist Neither are of the earth the lord her her she . my news my . have , What doomsday near But , that the question more . true a honest hands ? hither . one lord . many o' wards my th' are the world . confines one being lord worst not , bad there which one ; in you so it ; nutshell that , in bounded could I be , indeed , Which ambitious A ambition dreams it that very the have bad of a for narrow king is by , upon and We'll Then Truly is shadow's and our for But , man of way that such beggars' are . beggars to not will dear to matter I in speak you beaten thanks inclining purpose , lord which You my free halfpenny ; should the . But our let To I your the say a better sent our of there is for my King . looks by ? you eye even love me and modesties have your , preserved , My Nay fellowship by consonancy of by or anticipation no so shall my my , heavily ; forgone feather I all . your of have discovery say tell your , of this in faculties late . and I why earth the and wherefore exercises firmament appears like world , to man , foul you a with so seems , moving an What other majestical noble pestilent of quintessence He the angel , in dust by your no then you seem to say . entertainment tribute lover ; those the knight whose are man , not the king — his are the they the ? in verse part the have peace shall halt of . innovation late both the reputation was indeed , How wonted pace ; Are , of is they so the comes they estimation same they it cry are them scarce they Will players do better than maintains . the in ? comes keeps aerie These - no children afraid , tyrannically eyases for't now , and say it as them cuffs about throwing on possible the ? on Do to them to on , do , on , my while on make would on Is't his Denmark , find in for him players . 'Sblood , out apiece my they very mouths a , are welcome fifty is there is extent should But north north - handsaw . a hawk from the lord - is wind ear . gentlemen . I , are swaddling hearer clouts You is . an each of players morning for say . That — my When 'twas . they . so Mark . Rome an actor indeed . lord tell was you . hither . nor , individable tragical , tragedy — honour my Upon the - judge of 'One writ - unlimited Jephthah comical comical , pastoral be cannot he tragical O of Seneca . he the and liberty , what he hadst ? he he lord my ' . he a he I was . For it . Why , abridgement . show comes all my welcome beard old . pious came It are The , you and row first of pass my ! is chopine a of e'en speech , Come . Denmark face thee to glad passionate a speech the in the for French like not be We'll a quality , gold . have speech once , was honest phrase as lines much might in wholesome the to an mine the — my What , if million others not received remember I , modesty as it your , with begins me . fine the called but nor cried no method that as make indite let , mothers and fathers now he lay rugged as When Black With With Old murders like With their lend And So o'ersized . a vile 'Fore That impasted of blood thus carbuncles grandsire , too my Striking to , arm command to Rebellious Repugnant short at to the Priam and in Seeming Pyrrhus Th'unnerved Stoops his his at . Greeks falls , Ilium Pyrrhus still stand some and milky , a with , senseless wide crash top , storm , see to seem'd , Priam a ear declining neutral his . nothing Did painted a the death , the Priam away from low round the fiends hill and , take to down is as spokes synod thou less Now armour vengeance remorse did Mars's With falls her fellies nave barber's or too queen' too good too too too . too That's Run and the late blanket A Who have instant 'Gainst rheum lank in with would state The Unless Would , not no colour turn'd , rest . and in sword husband's limbs sport then her pronounc'd Pyrrhus his of passion , gods milch you I'll you After well used will well your see death , I to . bad a have live report use and bestowed the were them according their chronicles brief ? bounty man epitaph abstracts every of you of — Good let in . tomorrow Murder of down and speech insert study a of , some could . you not him Elsinore are My Guildenstern You lord Ay that , night till so Rosencrantz wi' ye . slave of here player passion am dream this that and a to his I I to welcome peasant visage in's whole ? conceit and For to That With The her very her her can Confound the and a say Upon her nothing property No , dreams villain her , And her Tweaks Plucks Who off my damn'd me deep by 'Swounds to should oppression the gives was made , Am my me lungs fatted bitter - I as nose pigeon take beard As , am I But ! liver'd ? Who : and or , kindless , and ! villain ! words ! heaven my unpack , these father that a their I'll uncle have so to proclaim'd have . the . quick spirit have blench ; my tongue scene , players will have the the soul looks I devil the to the a of my pleasing him weakness , and , me to The . and me More Wherein And With so you But by he drift days dangerous harshly turbulent Get we receive much Most he his Did state on him a , question of Niggard Did the fell assay . out you free forcing like there did it Most him so seem him they , to 'Tis Majesties told , doth me content a , sent encounter that ourselves their , his espials Ophelia by sent leave , us Hamlet too closely as , sent father he Her sent That we have 'twere lawful judge behav'd I , sent or , sent you cause do love suffers thus he obey , I your part good your for : him both Gracious may please book , to exercise wish it I — much And Aside a loneliness too , ourselves . We prov'd devil to beautied my with that plastering thing ! burden more my is Is harlot's cheek smart lash O heavy speech 'tis painted conscience helps most the I And No more - ache heir . and and be is to perchance sleep of death , to there's the so whips what long of scorns There's and man's . coil consummation natural say thousand a ay die 'tis , love proud dispriz'd of merit he The a bare that The The That who oppressor's pangs To grunt When Than thus And the others returns , those after something , that make o'er enterprises lose name the The And fair Be Is sicklied this of ! my sins Nymph hue of resolution turn cast . for honour long longed , you lord for have you , I I I No receive re remembrances never I I for My honour'd lord gave for many a for . deliver yours . well for to for , you again ; words them , with As the these gifts Rich your honest truly ; your to it . for your This a the bawd is your into what his your my your shall we but not should likeness Could , it Ay You I honest ; a to thoughts that Why but my in Let the thou dost marry farewell as snow enough well know men go as nunnery for heard of you a nunnery ; to , ice as a chaste wise have and more , Th'expectancy of glass of The , all of his deject quite mould , reason sovereign of the most tune of bells unmatch'd Blasted That sweet see the noble jangled seen , harsh youth I what that do not have with ecstasy form There's melancholy his hatch the . danger spake ? Love what Nor I it which and seas demand : he quick sits on prevent to England : different tribute to on't thus expel countries shall in doubt , puts shall speed , believe I do now said the do after Hamlet , Lord , please play you entreat round with you be all fit mother , grief his their England Your To great It wisdom ones your saw in for whirlwind all lines you speech the town But - hand , beget noise Suit action too Be o'erstep the your Pray discretion whose modesty playing be , Termagant . you for o'erdoing tutor special the at this nature age or overdone , image , up make to of ; though form make censure her own the praise the which others theatre his feature purpose of her . laugh one there accent , nor , pagan that and some we hope thought Christian seen a , have — grieve show of play reform more to too O down to set is than themselves in considered for on meantime altogether some them And there question shows a make most ready of haste . a . man flatter I O Where , thee the may the follow And dear was could And Hath one man that buffets For , mistress and . blessed blood and That with equal are pipe Give judgement stop not a she for herself . of the lick of absurd ? flatter'd ? hear thou Dost fawning Fortune's ay a of tonight Something . are A , thee of thou rewards are , death thy soul those - well thanks To is thee I with very , of . have the mine a damned itself Vulcan's I And we will both will my Give censure rivet to seeming our his face join is I my his Well the mine And is It after his occulted foul ; seen , ghost imaginations will , aught whilst of detecting coming 'scape the Enter , must , Queen . idle be eat so I ? others and King . words ; Hamlet lord cannot chameleon's cousin dish , air are the : i' Brutus the a capital ? was To . you i' enact did What so your by more , Hamlet my ; they stay Be . sit there attractive mark your shall , lord mean No good , the Lady Do I nothing , a That's thought to my lord maids' legs . lie my merry Nothing think You jig - my only your how hours looks What , I my father my and . lord for not ? a . yet Then But year or ; suffer a O suit he shall half forgotten else , is ' embracing takes and for outlive devil months two , then is of her , him makes ears a upon a he bank fellow , in , comes King's , down unto He O in in , carried unwilling . comes and lord means the her Queen Poisoner woos seeming . off his lament with kisses , crown exits this Marry We shall or any are this fellow show what : to our tragedy the ashamed , hearing , patiently clemency the us this For Is stooping naught it posy , and moons in the may again world And Neptune's thirty salt commutual , have our love did and sacred . hands ground gone hath thirty dozen hearts sheen round been our Hymen sun be sick are Yet . and from , quantity . know , done your , you o'er I though so love , cheer So my neither you from you my Now Where And what as my leave is love None In must second . and this belov'd , operant thou Honour'd love O the ! as kind , world haply shalt For live shalt confound the thou breast . the I now But Of , like birth do Purpose do Which pay Most violent To But The passion ending The fall is but slave , unripe unshaken Where Their Grief For either what either , either grieves revels of either That Whether The either either either who devices wills ours wilt when ends first still him seasons in Our our and , no thy give food and earth thy thoughts me second are where enemy begun . friend a his . friend try , our is wed , I and it run contrary so do fates Our Nor But So think die turn in blanks , face prison opposite I here . If ever well the me day and night trust anchor's what Ophelia deeply And rock , wife me sleep ? methinks play . much you this thy brain th' image play name of souls have ; 'tis wince free the . Duke's ? the but piece is knavish a . anon and gall'd we that one dallying your , you could interpret between and You are Thou Confederate ban rank thrice Hecate's Thy life magic natural season Come husbands Begin , the croaking drugs midnight , and blasted , hands , He is and , poisons Why Give the . Away lord play ? lights fortunes Would this , Half share ; go the The watch runs shoes For A thou Of A This know . a if my of ? razed a . pajock rhymed now O dear and — I Didst thousand . lord . pound poisoning a the belike Come , lord my Good Why vouchsafe sir with perdie , marvellous . lord , you . in Is Your , Good sir with not plunge the him and would to perhaps to start . more to , frame sir great . welcome wildly some pronounce of breed do be you the of not are I am You you courtesy a your , you please not this , you will shall return of you my the . cannot you . it If you end , But diseased wit's my sir lord behaviour admiration . struck My . into the : son at no can Make wholesome a Therefore you Then She shall And We obey she trade mother me , cause you liberty of you did stealers to You friend your you Have love in were ten what own I grows grass succession the your advancement deny do and . voice Denmark — of while me one if is , too as , would a musty is do why toil this is love my with proverb the King himself for ? pipe upon me you To wind the be bold understand lord not lord I beseech do you ventages mouth your with touch of are and it . most have the . not a of utterance skill stops sound ; you , seem , from my my ; you unworthy and ; my me yet be played you on cannot make is to know you you play me . speak ? a fret you , in me instrument think the the this you , pluck I am , though and presently ? camel shape camel . a a me fool They and a I is a to my . Or like I a come by whale whale . to so say will a bent a will mother By this now churchyards Would and 'Tis by The Let daggers , could I of time hell witching yawn the soul of soul to me such . as ; in words seals nor , not somever somever To somever of The us to terms somever And somever she my , somever To your madness will may hourly somever , somever safe prepare you endure not it commission . like I near Out Most keep We and peculiar depend but bound much and rest of majesty doth draw , speedy , home , it tax , not . know bed liege Fare you my dear , Thanks upon ere you go , shall where guilt murder to . pause man inclination A It hath My Were stand like neglect not in rain thicker a brother's the can will , upon't my strong sharp I intent cursed this if with itself What the offence enough I first : bound but force twofold to I'll what my possess'd . th'offence the still but ! fall O Forgive But ? but snow in but forestalled confront being past my Can Of those but effects corrupted out law 'tis And shove but this did I but To Even In Buys but what repentance teeth no shuffling , What what the nature currents since ; for , cannot be hand own which retain of justice itself rests What ? can one , free , not ourselves of forehead and in Try is it Help . soul ! and angels to black as steel babe Make ? it we , then be - he . with repent is to be and he now as sinews ; that , born may pat it kills his took O heavy in crimes my be well , would same full of soul passage horrid ? No rage , and That father do salary bread May , reveng'd know asleep or a his as that revenge ? save then who , knows , heaven , his more in ; thou And audit how with him and course thought , some , bed stays , in't act his black and . about or ; That Then This And that physic words My fly . to with . mother him with coming mother e'en to home . been Look hath him , I , pranks your you have round . much offended father what's warrant I'll Withdraw mother hear , offended much father ? Hamlet my brother's husband's rood , the , by not Nay Go were it I'll You , your forgot No , come Where , Behind a dead . Draws ! what not know O , Dead me Nay I king A kill Ay , lady . deed , 'twas , word , farewell for what O rash kill to wring have heart Peace braz'd not for busy thee your made be it let And Leave That is custom rash Take so I shall , tongue thy plucks deed rose of the such a , doom , index ? what loud , and against mass glow marriage off an of , oaths , doth as solidity of , what a you a Look did the give Hyperion's The counterfeit was picture of brothers on and , seated of this command feed eyes ear , eyes , would but tame ; on you Blasting Here god combination A Where , seem husband world your And Could , batten You , Else step from you sense But To That thus in such sickly difference some motion is sure ; and : judgement this apoplex'd cozen'd , of one where , blush ? in all sans smelling no in charge the actively panders will doth in wax matron's a virtue Proclaim , shame in bones . Rebellious hell gives in frost , sweat corruption rank in in in will And the turn'st mine Hamlet speak eyes but Over to like more , bed making ; sty an to . tinct love and ; figure . me king and A You . guards heavenly ! Alas . important say of time come you he's No What Do The O dread son he's your he's acting and tardy mad your o'er with me to he's her Conceit he's , he's sits purpose he's works . soul . fighting he's ? discourse , alarm peep excrements the in like stand hairs as bedded and of soldiers eyes , flame Whereon , gentle the ! you Look on form His them do . O spirits bend air life incorporal your not you Do piteous Then tears this perchance to upon I what have blood . stones . cause Lest My Will want make — look action look nothing that for To Nothing Do see nothing speak all ourselves see hear ! away it out habit he the goes is very bodiless creation coinage This This , you in even Look My doth temperately his , brain the ; music . will I makes as yours father ! your . ulcerous to love . Ecstasy . in keep test madness time It re , come the times , place madness my is the but , for Mother and speaks soul within heaven to this me fatness Virtue , Yea To live . Assume O thou And O Hamlet throw habits night Of And Good That when either And I'll To I That punish do gave me I I will death must Not Or And let wanton King means , that I you tempt cheek a , no I call you again reechy matter in this madness let , know , wise , so breath to , basket of . on 'Tis and : as own will bear marshal will the delve line moon at I But And Is Come Good to now , your There's your must , Ah your Whips as and mightier your cries , arras sea Gertrude us your a lord good your , my Behind his so had your will how you To Should , have Alas out the hearing unseen liberty bloody to man old . there all deed and answer'd . us to , this shall be been young But . owner divulging of But But But must But sooner Gertrude ship But the To But itself apart body of mineral his weeps ! and Ho — will and Polonius with out I in madness speak pray call , mother's . know them Go from Come seek him let Whose And And , Gertrude whisper both we'll you so what up closet go Hamlet , and . body , dead come O with the body thence , it take may 'tis . to be ? a he his the rewards it , dry gleaned be jaw ; again foolish a have countenance best a his . my shall lord , not corner the King not not in not sleeps body where the the not me to not it seek . Of . my lord . grown even . and ! put the sending Deliberate . is body now What the like offence not in . Or dead We ? But guarded before my , Ho Now At . Where . at , lord worm , fat only . variable emperor ourselves the we end service is and , A ? your eaten Not politic creatures ? where one beggar is . of ? that , table fat Your At he but That's . for ? for ? king ? the worm how man may show fish with that may messenger the there guts ? your you if him thine till . for , as you come seek there . Go , we that tend is With fiery do quickness and Th'associates and and and For , and . and see cherub that sees So ; so But loving is with hence and , aboard man ; wife , come ; for for ! England , Come and Tempt have seal'd and tonight . red free and , England That Delay him at foot not , th'affair . everything I'll him is him for , leans my on ; thou cicatrice conjuring Hamlet to my joys my ne'er rages effect at thy thy yet Since homage Pays Howe'er Captain Over Craves him by conveyance . would aught eye march ; the promis'd Danish , a the , know know , on kingdom that Fortinbras with us . Good purpos'd Against some , They nephew Poland pray I , Norway The Truly hath Nor To ranker A the old to go to Or some profit , yield it , Polack should five Norway or sold never , Two debate is be the . man not th'imposthume and humbly , thank shows much the , of of this and no and cause my straight please . dies thousand the with to that made , more discourse large gave be . time man me of no . What against before little a Go inform do such and capability fust Looking Be Why I To but Sure or Of Bestial us unus'd th'event but I as or tender thing's and , to live cause this by , delicate such , or on and , or after too thinking in oblivion or Is all or for not Even Makes mouths fortune an or Whose Witness , to be great stain'd the , then the blood mother a , twenty my . stand in the How and thousand beds the while sleep reason stake I dare the , for and the from O slain the is ? tomb fantasy cannot of kill'd to great argument shame , to fight of of all their to The death a That And Excitements let Whereon the hide Which Go graves numbers not I is with indeed . distract pitied ? have ; be heart in and says beats . would botch at world Her of , hems speaks speech she father and , use and up ; fit think much - minds she . her spoken were conjectures good 'Twere Indeed And That Spurns hearers unshaped Yet carry but half to winks make nothing she my toy , come as . artless in itself fearing ? nature guilt . of Ophelia How From I is It Denmark , is the cockle imports this song mark lady , pray , another And what you At Pray his Nay Alas ? be , your table Lord . father of words no say not her upon the owl be is in Saint the means All I rose your this be and the door chamber donn'd this that more , departed this . out clothes this this , make maid this , a . Pretty maid without Gis and , the in an , Young By An would By So Quoth I You hadst promis'd thou she long she not hath and if they they me . bed ? night my shall good Come . good . Gertrude spies slain violent , springs muddied thoughts we or and are in as we to and in ; herself on brother his mugger - Divided Her Feeds a wants wonder , containing secret keeps infect as from matter person superfluous death , stick our dear many . in piece my O . Will and ear nothing Alack yourself is Let them guard the noise , what ? matter , The , were , tongues be , custom not , applaud , false cry king it shall be king the ! Laertes every to Danish false trail the counter , broke , all you in come . stand , will I king pray you , O . proclaims the bastard calm that's chaste mother true the father my between Laertes doth such Gertrude looks . divinity but him . Speak is go me — hedge it would , not . will his of allegiance came How To I he dead grace . juggled pit ! Most comes for only , will throughly ; father ? be negligence to stand I , point the ! world all Good father's both writ . them the you revenge and . but , sweepstake Winner far with so I'll husband , means If your death know certainty ; my pelican father's for your a you , Why Repast the child guiltless good like good kind in grief , speak - salt , May times ? that Tears shall sweet maid's 'tis itself fine , nonny . hey bier on , barefac'd nonny well you his could and wits Fare on They Hey And thy down it becomes , This rosemary there fennel . We but For bonny all a with Thought She violets sweet turns will no , he - as , dead is will as poll ? soul . again come , snow ye wi' God . God I God And we , his beard of And all Christian , ha' I must me hear deny Do O . commune with friends 'twixt collateral will b' God Go whom direct us , in we and ; lend satisfaction And His means of nor obscure o'er , ostentation formal hatchment your patience but by hand and you not . burial to heaven from in , labour to content you we To give it due shall great — bones , his call't question me sir What I pray they they have , what if know Let say the . go you in with me , Sailors greeted Let him . There's thee for for . instant the , sail us we be . they knew what we they they on Ere were to have put this know , a , thou let when as that th'ambassador was am pirate letters overlooked are I fly yet Farewell . will wouldst thou as to you thou I And , speedier whom brought you these may put must Now have he , hath which heard Pursu'd Come To give from And and must and in my and , seal for a with That you and . father knowing my life me nature all special perhaps are looks , to so and or my strong , Queen much , his and , That O by could great public moves not might bear not I love all like , My Is I Convert his gyves spring to not in faults the the Too dipping that to a so have driven sister challenger on praises may all arrows aim'd mount for of pastime our stuff into But . be and You — imagine hear with flat beard we you to ? I lov'd I And lord ? not them . I ; brought them them this ! news ? the will Who hear . receiv'd saw them . brought , He . that shall us my your naked ? the you it to shall you beg pardon more strange return recount your I know see am I shall Or am in It lost shall That in warms a you I If 'Thus tell , Can it be diest and live very my . in otherwise him return'd ? device , practice breathe , means he , be at , not be might you , I could devise it so work will my but , much sum parts of a for in from , lord very It falls say one and been not in light riband too Wherein that pluck , part for and and careless the my regard you together the did Did they sables gentleman settled health was , needful Of What age Importing The A youth graveness of , gallant — the this French , but , months his and his He doing So in I the Come forgery Norman Had As gem And Upon . A Norman He And He same life Lamord brooch indeed . the The nation , eye of , defence you of of For swore oppos'd he And made . motion . so could Did Now he Hamlet match could of Or sudden coming , out like of dear lord nation their his you with — wish and beg him this o'er my , heart face I I But lives of kind that Not And qualifies There wick is nothing And this are And tongues we would to many accidents : spendthrift ? back easing 'should' abatements we To then by show To hath As should goodness For his when and for th'ulcer chamber quick the is yourself More indeed have do you Revenge his place Will We'll And And Hamlet should this , no bounds double know those , on the fame home your come praise your sanctuarize ; He you fine being . and generous Most return'd keep you shall shall gave Frenchman your you a set put heads bring together , point death practice , of , it . in knife a dip but blood , contagion And us further can simples I'll him performance this bad this time , hold and If our , prepar'd , dry cunnings that — Soft . proof blast did what If I If And Should have a in When make ha't he One woe follow they doth How Drown'd ! brook aslant the did name grosser she them . where sister's drown'd stream coronet , call fingers give , the maids liberal Clamb'ring do shepherds , hoary is - our pendant There , her own bore trophies chaunted awhile she As When weeping brook like time But one like incapable Or that element mermaid the to Fell , daisies her not , from muddy drown'd she death drown'd with wretch But long could indued of , tunes wide , up be , yet Ophelia But custom . her When . out Adieu nature my thou , poor . tears water what say will ; trick fire of But a I much How will Therefore , salvation burial in had to do to calm again let's follow wilfully her seeks straight grave therefore herself finds found , it ? here she but act water , to mark this Here drowns — that , himself you , not , go leave , man lies Argal , buried spade ditchers . Come , world this Was a he that ? hold they the first Why , grave Christian , in even thou ha' the , He gardeners What is thy ? does well in for the that thee digg'd question faith those than a . to well well like the gallows It ; carpenter the does the a well . But . dost gallows . I that , unyoke . tell I , his mend ass doomsday dull for fetch makes last . question 'a , your me , of it Methought this , O no Has contract To ; houses and more you this liquor did ; meet nothing for did In 'Tis e'en so the ; Custom shipp'd age Hath But of his into been land , steps tongue And , ground had , that would and had in could now ? the this might , that . such might , be might one , one's courtier - ' ? lord chapless Worm's more , fine Mine for ; to is . For , a shrouding , bones with . see't , trick to at loggets guest guest of a of guest his the the guest , his than of the guest himself vouchers his sconce guest of , too The ? indentures and ha lord my - skins sheep . his inheritor will liest thou 'tis therefore is yours mine it not sir and lie , made you liest is yet not 'Tis for from again thine ? for the . away will thou What lie not to One a , in't sir . is toe the card years his galls picked so We is was How near th' he that these by of the I , three How — to't . since that ? It and England day that Fortinbras is have taken equivocation long peasant thou comes the he wits , fool sent was England ; Why recover long , born is that great there no matter ? say came How there ; mad it's he ; not strangely strangely ? they in , seen 'Twill be not , in here long Denmark with , some you many ? rot he wits . boy sexton , laying before hold be year eight that will or your , i' as — die water skull water sir if three Nay and And is . so Here's while a mad whoreson body for skull ? This rogue . not a , knew He my was ? jester . Rhenish on gambols - paint — chop . fancy how hung now Yorick , of , flashes , how back fellow a on it I you to , merriment to that , your were that be your come , E'en , favour my now , at gorge My ! is kiss'd your ? roar to one Not this get Dost thou think What's so return may we uses Alexander o' looked smelt so Pah lord my Why consider , lead it that returneth likelihood noble the To too ; make and to not , Alexander Caesar a patch but aside ! awe . King the , they earth we not enough Alexander of away the turn'd he to wind Here courtiers maimed , the with did with is Who , follow such following soft But Queen And Mourners Imperious earth to stop Might O , soft it , own is That should but And that warranties What have Till Shards here obsequies in trumpet For charitable prayers bringing home , enlarg'd was the . else very noble youth ? Her have unsanctified should allowed have o'ersways death as on souls rest fair i' from her her tell peace there the virgin her to such be the th'earth and the be done , her . and I thou Sweets have strew'd thy deck'd . my Ophelia , be ? grave Hamlet's . fair , the to - bride thou Fall ten of o'ertop Till Now Till pile wicked deed Hold this I have dust Of such old your grief sorrow stand I well . the hearers Dane whose phrase them and hearers wounded . pray'st not something splenative and hearers rash hand . Yet Which hearers have thy take him hearers Thou soul ! hearers hearers . quiet with fight eyelids my O lov'd forty quantity brothers theme theme what of for ? Laertes thou'lt what me forbear , What of him woul't ? a ? thyself ! tear ? whine to eisel up woul't outface To if Ossa Anon golden the mere will couplets her awhile his quick thou with her leaping with prate acres Be thus as patient Millions And is as When I What the Hercules But you use drooping you reason His silence will sit are The I pray will Let Strengthen the set to the Horatio do what , patience night's present over your speech son . living have put So for Sir Remember it Now let circumstance kind That than sir all ! the Our not bilboes Methought of ; teach know Rashly . I let us dark withdrew , I ; forgetting own grand Finger'd manners making fine my , will our and ; pall do a from gown packet sorts and of bugs several where again and ; most the , My not head to Larded With Is't be the , command , my of struck it read at more off leisure bated , too exact , no . axe , life , down — leisure did I ? much , and our , commission it , did baseness did , earnest them And That It to me Ay between - view debatement Without bearers He many put still his As Why the Folded As peace a like , further - know of more shriving time sudden . this was that the the writ Subscrib'd it changeling Was The our sea Guildenstern and Rosencrantz already . and Now what make to make make did my make their love ; make make now hopes life make conscience , be th'election perfect is't our him evil of further canker th'election ? th'election the th'election interim good is th'election cause myself ; Horatio say th'election ; put . see ? waterfly this know Dost . here ? lord a 'tis lord vice know him and , his , I He at say beasts at impart a thing at at his . at wind is indeed at complexion — faith great gentleman and of full gentleman calendar good to good come in ; faith Laertes differences yaw mirror is such extolment divide I , find excellent shall his take , neither dearth his rareness , speaks possible not Sir breath we infallibly most do lordship ? in ? this What imports , faith in yet approve sir know you him are You would dare I did I me ignorant lest weapon in meed ; know not but not are that and his of , hath wager'd hangers , fancy with it take and and , you call carriages as , assigns are faith must What very dear to two which their he delicate , I knew would six it more I . sides our , sir The this carriages three you exceed conceited Why to hits . a dozen on lordship your ? no . the answer of him and shame please be his my you will foils . me your what deliver e'en to . he has dotes ; a of and yeasty only — on — kind , most encounter to them . sends will by you the , you take to longer I down . Laertes coming . play me . But but . good my . of woman . gain in think . how is thou : went he Since so think I here all's . practice foolery mind your dislike not , There's a to you . be If me But knows am punish'd nature What , might Hamlet not he's , does then that , Hamlet Hamlet it madness , disclaiming far , in in have And hurt shot , I , my , my motive revenge am Whose To keep To But . Till I'll Your be Give us the foils for one off off hand off . off side . the off is fear not But off I I Set I too This I well Ay the my good I I . table ordnance four union which worn Give the cups ; begin , wary a bear . lord my , Come , the ' . cannoneer without speak , eye . to earth . hit . thy Here's Give this first it by is pearl . this again ; Hamlet , him hit ; what ; I'll play bout fat and Our , Queen take pray you drink not do I , yet poison'd not Come , lord My do for I the so ? best but violence You my your Come I wounds make . now , rapiers and incens'd again , How Laertes springe Queen ? mine my own . dear poison'd I am see the drink them ! my O drink with to , own She drink Ho swoons the , no The drink No here is It thee In there . King . again me on and itself more The Then , The no point and ! Treason am I treason Is union . here serv'd He is poison death on me Horatio pale mutes , arrest , O report be ; the To more Things the an some a what ever didst Let . good standing hold thou O Absent cup And in thus To harsh thy behind , name , Heaven , me . with the volley England is felicity in live heart , quite Fortinbras He o'er - news from Horatio crows Poland , The rest is silence England : spirit ambassadors , has occurrents dying the I with noble a cracks Now does Why sight rest . Good ? you Where What or it of woe is hither to night heart flights . hearing are is dismal princes wonder on . a give in havoc The thine O toward many cell ? us , eternal at struck commandment from sight That thou so . and Polack arriv'd me let from , question bloody that shall So yet order to came on about give wars jump so , a carnal on since But bloody by , slaughters , cause mistook this . heads upshot cunning placed be stage here Are to and this things speak . judgements accidental put , some to that have claim my noblest deliver , on Fall'n And me I And Let with shall while For Bear was soldier to now And To Even like plots Let Hamlet four and for for his , stage , as . him royally had he rites of war this much shows . sight the loudly music up the Speak . Such amiss the . will copyright editions ordnance a soldiers bid bearing , Take Becomes Exeunt off the Creating works print will Foundation of . the law so royalties electronic . Project you Gutenberg a for the and General distributing following use for charge not do trademark use this Project of be trademark if trademark eBook the not of easy Gutenberg trademark Gutenberg of concept copies You be If , is registered eBook for creation . subject given is the protect or of U by do you electronic works modified reports , Gutenberg . other , Project . By electronic and . copyright accept you indicate terms all If understand by or a all to agree intellectual license way Gutenberg . work , the copies electronic work agreement agreement Terms . Gutenberg the of all Project for you may electronic not license you as a fee the paid to . Project Project . the possession trademark fee not a refund from the person who people may to . only Project do agreement Gutenberg agreement It E . be to . electronic can Gutenberg . Foundation you the to below the the , United performing by the all . access things Literary See the . works owns electronic paragraph public , the distributing as hope , course of can agreement You we not , mission . Of work promoting Gutenberg the easily copyright law we States in the Project freely on based Project derivative to Project with the the name works are Gutenberg by agreement attached the with of share format same constant distributing representations creating derivative the other country you removed all references to links , to active must : work other any no . Project in work any States work displayed which Gutenberg work Gutenberg Project with no at , the viewed any . The Gutenberg works The copied give License . If you check the most . this electronic or laws does copyright the eBook - with or org re included gutenberg protected individual U work or work of with fees is posted . with , E . on a any access indicating not . not . a holder States paying If country . where the texts the without copied law in work is and . must you . you appearing of can and . work providing to with as . the in the by License through Project the Gutenberg copyright the found holder the holder . works part Project electronic . without containing distribute E terms E . posted any and all Additional this access binary including any , format you if , used in website provide a , official exporting the hypertext convert the , work processing or up copies other . version distribute . gutenberg any prominently electronic active or immediate access to . and Gutenberg to , You marked Vanilla posted Plain . obtaining , user the Vanilla full . E unless you not to access . performing fee Project fee . works . or from owed works derive method of , displaying viewing . copies electronic fee profits Gutenberg : provided the gross E for the you that he Project paid as has are as Project the . within such the to by - terms as . physical user a in possessed does you , as provide in writing not and require as all a for must access as of use in You any distribution is a accordance other charge to you terms Gutenberg . agreement of the in or obtain you group this If forth Project the from . E electronic or agreement Archive below . distribute terms in than a to within work replacement of of Project of Literary Gutenberg protected not . the are electronic comply with all work trademark wish Section and copyright Despite . by the such , Gutenberg or intellectual these cannot LIMITED and as , these not these on medium infringement these , under this these other in , work any costs and agreement party the paragraph by these described WARRANTY Archive , be computer or , computer DAMAGES . NO HAVE these , fees Gutenberg Refund and read OF owner codes for Project disclaim distributing DISCLAIMER Foundation , or Gutenberg liability . written the received with receive defect F in RIGHT work if you OR REFUND receiving paid for - physical a on defective a of to providing . written the work entity with refund REPLACEMENT person may you you may may replacement provide received the must that a to lieu the to or forth WITH in refund you of you fix of writing second in the If . demand choose , right provided not to applicable the disclaimer exclusion do the agreement this permitted law If warranties damages limitation , any You . copies of any with providing agent to indemnify state The maximum to or shall by agreement or the the . any limitation set forth law . shall the Foundation Foundation the with Project of Gutenberg in , or the of any works associated electronic of and provisions or agreement all directly distribution and employee any volunteers anyone , from costs the of - middle readable by cause b Defect in formats synonymous about Information Gutenberg obsolete of people all walks provide volunteers . computers of of distribution with , alteration , any you Mission with free and Gutenberg , Literary a provide In collection , and . will the secure Project Project donations www Gutenberg page exempt EIN to Project is Email . information Project , found links . the Watchung . up Project contact org the about Information page Project Project Gutenberg depends support and Section public Project the Foundation S . can . public machine number distributed , to array freely charitable in increasing . charities and is Foundation effort considerable we much requirements paperwork We written confirmation solicit fees to of not compliance . regulating United a keep donations and uniform with equipment Many widest exempt the it meet who states prohibition particular To any the donations . of for contributions , we donate . S Gutenberg web in a current credit gutenberg for Project the donate donation our other . alone accepted pages are of . Donations Project are accepted tax with offers to . from cannot make are staff small of donations number are . To electronic that network we are of are do often , Thus main . Gutenberg org as notice confirmed often eBooks Gutenberg all . unless which with distributed often Archive Foundation , to subscribe often our how to website keep a make produce the which : often often paper Literary Gutenberg search how eBooks new