and Nay 'Tis thanks cold Francisco , bitter 'Tis . at guard quiet ? Marcellus . good bid make . haste , ground night who - good ! Horatio him . appear'd have but nothing again him us of hold twice seen him of . it come night , against again two hear nights our from have Well let Where thee off . beating that all us Had again . Barnardo bell it speak star , Peace King , same a art the made his burns then where ; like not fear ? King the to . Question Horatio Most like It would that fair time , and majesty heaven buried be spoke , this night form Denmark speak charge offended I it ! See speak ! How ! this Is now ! What , the God ! Of I might eyes own and ! sensible something ! Norway the not ! when in an combated he thyself art the frown'd When Is think it So He before stalk and strange 'Tis . Polacks sledded hath and by jump scope eruption tell our opinion of that watch most of subject the daily and now And nightly and , down So this same implements of strict such impress toils mart the shipwrights Sunday toward , sit work me from , inform this with for divide night the might Doth make Whose as prick'd combat you image Dar'd to this know , now joint , the the sweaty labourer that me ? goes can I ; to us return'd , same , his those heraldry of , him , Fortinbras cov'nant the had all seal'd by who his with Which Against forfeit stood by King of as , hot , the Shark'd it food Of Hamlet mettle Now ; the To the gaged His Hath For But source Is The Of his father of the lost terms motive well compulsatory recover to our and , rummage haste this watch our preparations take the so . land head chief in this that our sort palmy fell , wars these like , on omen of with and and moist and comes countrymen the together coming use . dews ; to , illusion me . thing , country's me speak thou to may , For I Stop strike if Do , 'Tis , speak the , cock , vain it And about The a it then is Upon to our And Doth that Awake the This present or of To spirit to in faded Some It say So The then Whether And Break This Do you spirit As needful in consent , we But have look Let Let's Walks So Unto memory hearts green in , Hamlet our and grief dear brow nature kingdom Attendant Voltemand and , discretion sorrow on woe , him of of in that it and so That Th'imperial mirth equal to affair follows With better wife along that by our ; you , Taken Your nor wisdoms . weighing and one , and we dole herein barr'd , Fortinbras young weak a with Colleagued He not , with . purpose - and his The Out For , Giving To You Farewell business Of that , doubt Laertes , heartily we . duty farewell your allow personal power the it the articles no scope will : the VOLTEMAND your commend , haste with , thy not thou the Dane mouth ? France , coronation , pardon done me from and last . will be it , and — than on hang ; son thine leave consent to my ; petition him Hamlet than Laertes at and less much too nighted I for 'tis for not thy common through , like like like like Seems like Nor like like That like not ! No alone customary the fruitful Nay , 'Tis Together Nor with can they are , the But sweet In obstinate grief is to persevere heaven impatient , common ; heaven sense , condolement An heart a unfortified simple , mind most , understanding in , dead corse till pray think the nobility throne bears of take of died , earth , today , you still common to theme he We ' , most , of first , let , immediate , less , you , school bend comfort cousin , and of , son our and prayers go not her my loving . a in Madam grace Hamlet whereof , today tell ! nature ! unweeded and of this and God O not had into a . the seed Oh fie things 'tis rank not loving ; so roughly , she appetite within were name thy yet ere my Frailty Why she discourse , married wants — that , beast A all ; a with more most eyes tears post to to wicked . but longer like brother to the the But My left it myself ! poor , well , sir . lord make you Good — your , ear violence so say your are you affair know your drink . to you deep I is came to see your in Elsinore hard - father's wedding depart you ere me mock , forth met , Did I ever coldly had Horatio tables . student upon . follow'd marriage bak'd Horatio ? for all . in again him look take I think Saw , King The your ear attent the This God's together waste . exactly them stately and jelly speak secrecy the had , they thing comes not more knew word are each . was where I this platform the not , to lord I speak did none , head : like as morning the cock crew it But But It up it in true troubles 'tis our Arm'd 'Tis . this say toe you to . my foot head . his ? not his . he to ? beaver he than in wore sorrow anger frowningly or red . fix'd , look'd pale eyes constantly there amaz'd . tonight again will father's , it , my silence no hap , loves tenable conceal'd fare , in pray hell peace hitherto in in eleven So but and you in your visit 'twixt twelve in in ; in in come in . will were well you All is not , eyes . you give Farewell not his of of , and not The , and wide of his His The And inward withal weigh'd himself ; for He himself For The Carve sanctity and for his and if Then yielding you it body loves circumscrib'd he place , songs his may sustain open sister further treasure chaste or loss his too with Or If heart unmaster'd your the As of Denmark goes no . the and before in Be wary of good . rebels itself to heart some imminent youth most But lesson my do libertine to reckless ungracious good keep pastors treads , brother , heaven way rede near own and puff'd a the And Show wind , here double Occasion for stay'd I too stay Himself friends Be Look you thou Nor them do not , hast dull hatch'd to each - familiar and their his no tongue , Beware voice . that and chief rank : be a lender the of borrower both loses oft fancy as dulls to above loan thine , not canst Thou my blessing do I false the own night in , go take leave thee lord my you Farewell in my . remember your you memory and my season the man any day , of very you it of hath he put must on so most ; free I and 'tis well , me Marry , caution — understand you yourself , you and oft your up you me late Give you way between my Of you Pooh his you such in know not you ! you hath speak , speak is What speak believe speak Marry speak Unsifted speak you speak do , speak not not to crack — the you'll wind Tender he My In honourable hath importun'd me fashion it his holy vows catch burns vows blood tongue almost all the countenance woodcocks . these heat , prodigal in a - this , the blazes presence investments and This , terms so talk the ; moment your ; leisure is bawds brokers ; walk young Ophelia , are show , Lord pious ; their of . come ; time . ways . obey ; with or slander plain , near my then It . it , I the I No spirit What The Keeps King The Indeed mind in honour'd the - traduc'd us our As That in for From Soil clepe heavy the breach revel east and and , drunkards perform'd though of our attribute at . not are and forts complexion of mole vicious some Since some plausive , the , the of Oft virtues As else infinite the general or livery they Fortune's stamp star undergo take dram be man corruption of of . scandal of a of of Hamlet shape thee , of , of , steel of mean ! of , of nature moon the our should follow . ground it then will it speak No will It I That Or waves Being my not , my should the . set soul do Why some ? of into , brain the toys madness place more roar fathoms it form , sea , reason of puts into many every of it to . my , hands thee , go your your artery in nerve your your your not your go your this body your thee , on call'd I Still your desperate waxes I Let's Have Heaven , will is follow I hour Mark When and almost come , poor thy serious father's to to away foul the burnt I up could two like soul unfold locks start thy whose house am fires forbid , blood nature , days that prison of done confin'd day crimes tell a thy But - list ! O — swift weed hear wings . the , wharf fat with , I the revenge or , know't of love my sweep duller rots not serpent ; Rankly A Wouldst The witchcraft , to With Ay O wicked That Hamlet wit , that traitorous have virtuous was that , lust vow mov'd , Upon prey court whose in scent Sleeping of hour of juice soft But Brief The That as an the porches natural thin with , and And Most lazar The curd wholesome , sleeping . tetter with , a was life Thus of of my , sin dispatch'd account ; head unanel'd horrible , mine ; hand , not , contrive , me Remember not . while of trivial ! records all my ! live , fond pressures ; shall alone volume , table memory Remember ! my . forms of all copied ? all , all all all there heaven by villain I smiling set be all it there uncle It So , adieu all sworn't lord and to . all . all lord me my ' remember all , and it in so . my MARCELLUS . Within ! my ho , Illo Good my , you then , Ay a an he's villain in knave my . grave at point poor own for my business and hath desire that we shake more without so fit ; lord , tell ; are sorry I'm Yes by Yes There's offence , And is an much O'ermaster't It For honest Patrick faith as you desire Saint Nor I Upon , my sword already . faith cellarage . truepenny ? you that my Swear have sword et ? to Never Hic of hands hither Then you sword Swear work , good th'earth i' . that we'll , this my Canst Once and , but more welcome , wondrous friends . earth . come mercy , Horatio help , pioner worthy , we O There are more things your odd dreamt as How Here together go , pray , to commend love his your willing And So you and mercy . Swear . spirit . on joint and man me Hamlet I cursed . to lack is to friending not out I I , fingers these this was , born and will him marvellous do did I his visit said who at ; keep , they Look are and . of , particular 'twere — know 'I as you and first ; me well By And thus some and his of finding question ? 'not , and most heed and noted take so ; liberty ; please wanton mean so ' my ; him rank and wild , companions ; very . wild ; usual known . far . charge him the , on his . fencing but unreclaimed taints fiery you this my general in my Ay , Wherefore , Marry sullies i' th' my on warrant drift working prenominate would crimes be guilty , you here's I a soil'd little a laying 'twere Mark a I You it fetch , consequence ' addition . he , does — good my was What was does then Very Of According to ; you seen in breathe ever in . the and And I He , At 'closes : to : in , thus yesterday , the 'gentleman . ' : gentleman marry , t'other and : rouse sale' you : reach of of : assays this takes of with and wisdom directions windlasses By son . former my by indirections my lord . lord my in . his ply him Well let , what , in was as , With Alas , as Ungart'red Lord Hamlet , head his , sewing of the and with he had look a thy for truly know but love not What said wrist the other with He he took He Then me to seem to sigh did head — falls At he a thus piteous shatter he perusal my his and and shoulder lets . his . without . go me bulk . am hard denied , judgement . mad he fear'd made that quoted meant proper But thee wreck sorry I am not It As it the . discretion cast lack That common for our did beshrew younger ourselves is Welcome Moreover The Our Since need that hasty , must Hamlet's th'exterior . have dear , you see I call be , him court humour , him both and in here you pleasures by days to your , our remedy him not you please you will occasion , occasion awhile occasion occasion occasion have occasion more occasion into . occasion entreaty , obey both , your the in service and gentle and king's Rosencrantz some is . you practices news good my , I my gracious the hast , hold my my think God as this policy do to that of cause very , and queen source to be first the us'd it As The do news Welcome Voltemand death father's it and bring that to fruit shall Thyself He tells me head The and doubt I , fair Most It That was so borne ; rebuke vow he Norway ; and in and found to 'gainst , Highness in your fine , more . shown , pass Polack the against , soldiers annual in further , fee crowns arms against : we'll took . business quiet , enterprise and well time well this we'll . consider'd . upon your night expostulate and is well majesty day , night Why rest we Answer at It And your thank you and our Meantime to , nothing What This Were Therefore More with nothing to Your limbs be that let Madam is What I but less true true . A 'tis true remains . I farewell we let defect , Perpend , gather obedience and , 'tis , for grant out effect — duty . the defective him us remainder of of . then That I it Thus the and my given celestial but this a idol soul's , hear shall am love most best dear my And This they All As But how receiv'd think mine to a man so . me and But hot , what of prove As must , of his love honourable you think the might wing . that , you you on , might , think , book - dumb and , sight , bespeak to work , resort make . his a then , that . is If truth Take from this , lead the though me , Within we does such a time Mark And be the will try for an my loose . loose he I from his then , loose loose loose loose loose loose honest lord a man . is , a ? daughter a . good as not being dead maggots carrion but he , love far gone . is to't look Conception lord a blessing Friend , me How her not and are Words Slanders most is plum , be they wrinkled that with you yourself Will you yet hams their the satirical that gum matter faces the All . which it should For go sir ; old be this madness I hold out Though , Into o' the out happiness that is walk prosperously A so be means the of I , not lord air madness . I him my I , life Fare well Lord the God My honoured . sir , you save friends Good that the As Rosencrantz Fortune's Nor not the - shoe lord in the privates news the , but that the ? true true , prison hither deserved . and , prison . good either or bad my dream very for in it , is have , that are merely so shadow's airy and . a our and but , bounded a ambition the were nutshell space indeed dream A but of ambition hold , is ROSENCRANTZ we th' We'll reason . wait and upon bodies , man you friendship , you way an I , sort visit not lord in poor of honest thanks Is Come me , I ? to the thanks my your own inclining too it justly with What . To purpose . But good I consonancy preserved ever fellowship must enough charge - know , by for modesties Queen and King what in me the love by direct what let withal , be To I secrecy so King I the ; goodly this but your and I the lord an , off you of we . for feather prevent , my sterile my air , know earth ; and goes no heavily a so you to look fretted than , yet : admirable reason , And so nor , and foul a stuff me' . thoughts delights 'Man said when was me , you seem not We . you in you such coted to coming laugh then not ? tribute lover ; halt verse o' part entertainment , and way the shall target and foil — welcome tickle are are , freely whose man players . both better they so did was , comes by they No hold Do they endeavour afraid no ? quality they should children means against exclaim quills grow are quills quills do on their better quills writers succession their to quills quills quills quills O , tarre been unless poet much to to to no , do my out lord my at my than more for is it There are players Your of his load . comply tell must you You . you are yours mother - dear lord my Elsinore - west Elsinore my north Elsinore but Elsinore my , garb Elsinore Elsinore Elsinore this Elsinore fairly are Happily he's will . you actor an Rome You — it . so 'twas tell have tell to I actor actor actor - the actor tragical comical , Seneca of , actor The pastoral Jephthah judge actor in What actor The Aside actor which I . 'One Am me Jephthah you , What Nay , i' lot then God as most my not . where see valanc'd since I like you of fly at your . us . if million or Masters give but as top down of , pleased acted , as make the , to modesty , lines might as , in that , speech thereabout One , live me in of , in the let sable with whose begins the the complexion ominous horse night black and dismal gules total impasted and blood Now With Bak'd And thus spoken Anon short Pyrrhus But Th'unnerved to Seeming with Which Stoops Takes Of was Priam Pyrrhus' , And The hush rend Aroused And As With out , less Now general bowl round to the the away Priam on take and fellies down as too with a jig or is nave shall to That's mobled queen' good A Run 'The A late barefoot A bisson the up A , seen , in her lank th'alarm all stood A A clout o'erteemed venom pronounc'd her malicious that sword his saw would with A made , A — A eyes — let of than desert his . Good . more I'll well less Dost We'll ha't dozen or Ay night till To O what God so and Rosencrantz Is it , not his a in , forms to her fiction in that his force But that that With That that broken that that he that That Make that and and and Like and and the , eyes muddy and faculties and and dreams He the drown and with the and and appal and amaze ears and mettled - No most my my i' this ? be ! bawdy the , kindless is most father dear heaven my heart with , and heard words very have I ! Foh drab hell presently . that malefactions , will players these , blench seen have power , spirits play's thing King circumstance of this on days his lunacy himself no by to forward him but question , in him assay so his out way him in . are They . of on Most free you it the did fell seem it think Of kind the have before to ; my he as 'Tis beseech'd , This and heart gentlemen And Good With all him , leave for closely myself Ophelia frankly their ourselves , lawful encounter , seeing he of . is as suffers for he love you . his obey I , Ophelia happy be I do , no beauties And bring Hamlet's Will , his bestow walk . such show Your his his his Ophelia his We will his speech 'tis himself we devil , cheek lash his harlot's Aside his my that to deed my give sugar oft — Gracious this , 'Tis too prov'd ! sea a arms slings to Or To How that word it and - more The , to in ache I be The or opposing No by heart ; take and heir the of shuffled us pangs The The makes give calamity of proud life of , death fardels life , a weary , have of will these , all ? not we , bourn bear thought moment . action regard of the does And The Be Ophelia of thus And my with o'er enterprises does name How honour this the lose humbly thank Good lord That I pray have you you I I No , thy in things rich lost compos'd , for did , for for for for ? for honesty with for ? for , lord fair , admit , than of once . cannot so , breeder of very loved so I a you accuse be deceived the honest nunnery a it thoughts to We Let , ice dost nunnery heard go know powers enough . snow thee , this Or what quickly and you and Go lisp to have will shall . make more on't , another paintings Those creatures too God's marriages shall , it hath married say and you you hath given sword , fair , scholar's the O courtier's and rose ; Th'expectancy all and keep . no what a soldier's suck'd Now sweet form ecstasy jangled bells noble and feature woe , O see way not is His what unmatch'd with ? have melancholy sits . affections like Was he madness though spake Thus set Will shall with to speed tribute for and in something it what form that seen I , disclose his , a , on't think beating , you I him of now How , do Lord yet Hamlet his what , as , alone entreat do round all her be you , the after find in him so , plac'd their all To But It The Let show his his be let queen him best shall confine she the , go ; you . trippingly , do to ; I air players too the ; very the saw ; torrent must in acquire as me offends to passion , as a it to who , as groundlings , shows as dumb tear and Termagant as . you as It . o'erdoing as it as your tutor be this with discretion whose image Now . scorn o'erstep the and is , you that , virtue off of the as hold , pressure unskilful , the and to warrant neither but the the word to modesty playing ; let the of form feature which there of and others praise ; a tardy overdone show and now of , and o'erweigh own the heard others nor of grieve the whole play some themselves meantime some those For and quantity you ready most a lord . How that villainous . that . let necessary , uses some it . my , that make . and to . haste . my sweet Here , you Will ROSENCRANTZ GUILDENSTERN lord Horatio lord conversation dear cop'd as . That clothe ? candied pregnant the e'en art , at your O , Nay Where And seal'd soul herself all A one As To That That Hast Whose is not do I Which . thee see'st of thy a . heart nothing suffers and rewards . soul heedful we one his comment the a stithy One As There is scene have I of tonight , ay thee a mine we Well he steal In For And is Observe It I Vulcan's They A How fares our chameleon's dish : cousin of ? crammed , Rosencrantz Get you a place I pay . theft Danish promise - faith have i' No I , nor Polonius What did . him of lord part ready kill I to so accounted a th' calf your ? Brutus me patience more dear lie your in lap your mother I think my lord , meant . thought Do , mean Ay , I think my a your , only you Nay O sables long how - cheerfully jig , my ! looks hours two the let , must - build horse hobby Queen - very lovingly her kisses , and . takes action . She , a hobby man's die devil black not half yet . not O for suffer a life shall he , O , 'For Queen protestation ! horse is leaves of show ; unto him poison King four is carried but in , and fellow him Lays , upon asleep finds , three The dead her some Queen The exits woos The with with Queen this this this : tell the all . players Be not show this they not , We what tell him you are naught for : what to your hearing your , the posy lord my . Tellus' cart Phoebus' with times and woman's , or love orbed borrow'd moons , the may count journeys many So For Discomfort salt thirties sheen hands are is extremity though and is But Now Where Faith love is great thee live belov'd the treason accurst in be the my . kind do of , marriage husband dead none second love , my break oft , kill , but move let me . validity on they sticks the tree : bed in you me kisses memory . be but , slave that , The What pay to passion own joys Their most , Grief The revels aye , with in what necessary is Purpose world 'tis should for grieves or his favourite tend fortune friends you loves a lead with us our ; nor . change accident 'tis most lament destroy not fortunes grief , else slender . doth on yet to , prove love of fortune left , advanc'd needs fates ends none overthrown . doth do where so I friend : lack enemy devices ours That die earth and to thy are Our think Nor Sport But food So thoughts food Our food thou wilt when food and of and me , Meet An food me thoughts lock turn my food that cheer from food To I hence widow Sweet , and should strife it lasting food be wife . food , joy I face blanks once , Both Ophelia lady Madam The tedious day rock thy brain . us between you ? in no her there word , offence in't i' jest ; Is ? offence ? th' . of o' . puppets not us but his wife Baptista play name Duke's withers . are , if , my . a you between This 'tis a knavish leave take , my You chorus You begin , season Confederate Thou Thoughts thrice ban magic life wholesome Come . mistake He him , Thy and blasted thrice seeing , usurp hands apt , drugs fit creature ; immediately and i' the What written murderer with false , The of . rises How fares o'er light Away lights ? fire . play some away some , fortunes Would , a with in with me ungalled feathers my go deer All lights , let This himself You very For thou , might Horatio realm whole A know one , dismantled — rhymed lord the my . well some ha of , I note Come of not . did some it of , very music likes of whole , perdie of of ? a . of distempered him marvellous sir . retirement more my to the signify richer ; him start and . rather . plunge his to this choler perhaps . sir some not spirit to most from into frame , to welcome you . If your do will . the answer not lord business to your mother , are is ; you , You and . command answer this , wit's the more , me a cannot to says she Sir I lord rather . behaviour your you or can a What of with speak you heels to wonderful . but stonish this trade admiration , that She We obey I My my is you by , your cause still she were , do door , upon that liberty , lack of , what own Sir if lord when sir . me while the , succession Let see recorders lord wind too . be bold you — have you of if my do duty well I understand lord , I , as that no Believe of , I you . My me easy as I you your touch lying these , govern these : it . know cannot unworthy any command harmony mouth , of stops will your lord and with . breath to my thing . to much speak 'Sblood lowest not I will you upon cannot Call it know have out top , you what play . you sir me speak me would there on you the music sound instrument you ; stops from you to my voice ? pipe fret that's mass it is like a weasel almost 'tis a . indeed like a , weasel like like . a fool . whale . backed like whale Very They by will — by . to and a say so I easily Leave said itself night of breathes me , friends me by . will , thy ; hell could business firm : ever blood to not out hot . day and , but and not bosom and let and nature use . and enter in somever my , and shent . and ; this this she soul and hypocrites unnatural never stands Therefore dispatch you safe prepare with to he And To in daggers soul us . endure ourselves We holy and his our The Hazard Out of us will not terms his let will and falls it when of it many from and many fear religious Most keep spirit of with adjoin'd , a draw whose 'noyance armour , fear this upon , pray Are Each Attends mortis'd The lives ; like massy wheel doth is It . but sigh boist'rous ruin a going he's , voyage this us haste I'll Behind lord My to wisely tax home . liege , than was she'll . The I'll speech hear the as And said . process O my hath brother's offence And vantage makes Since of you go . heaven ; we but the enough itself What shall as upon't can it will , strong twofold me am to sweet , cursed serves ? mercy blood Whereto heavens force , up . of this come fall , foul look form prayer , what Then be Buys There oft the 'tis shuffling shove gilded the law . hand nature , But the , there true 'tis currents corrupted be My And Offence's one cannot serve , May those out In is no In in the to seen and we not teeth Even our ourselves his can . To Try what repentance wretched soul state evidence ! can give O limed that , of All pat be the and may well . And now , reveng'd my father That he do do't so son hire , broad blown grossly my all in his his With how But 'Tis To took father knows of and this is he is ; bed swearing th'incestuous , fit and , Up When sword take stands , as . May and am course And season'd drunk relish of ; for thou his be as or our circumstance a more passage then of he gaming has , his physic The words As heels thoughts my heaven to lay Look too you been , e'en . mother . below thoughts his Tell heat him Within that He you him And Pray and Now mother , mother hear the Fear , tongue wicked a answer , you with Why . offended much father you you , the are You No it would , And What , What wilt Help see do help Thou ? Dead ducat help ! ho , what A O kill a rash the deed bloody it good ! farewell , fortune , King , bad marry king word . my with and as As took . Thou As To lady , Ay your made it done I Such an so the of , grace thou that blush of against act and hypocrite blister there dicers' as That Calls the blurs From body of rhapsody The noise , sick what and and loud thunders act the compound solidity Heaven's O and , words - as face mass sweet love and contraction such marriage . and and , and and this brow , index doom and . a and presentment this here roars With this visage and : the on brothers this two , upon curls what A like Mars combination his batten Where , grace the front of Jove himself hill kissing - to on eye New A give To is the your world god did and husband like a set you mildew'd ear feed eyes ? it's at have what and is ; sure but motion this judgement blood for would madness the to ? quantity . sight , hoodman err you judgement , matron's in Rebellious mope a hands cozen'd a ; Sense sense devil blind choice - ne'er not thrall'd so was some you at ? What where was't smelling no charge the . a one true all , shame burn . tinct spots grained very black leave , of but such and . love and . more ; in mine tithe kings , Hamlet a twentieth and precious diadem , part sweet daggers more murderer stole in No empire shreds me and , figure empire — wings empire the A not A is put empire king You empire And me empire Save it What empire your say acting of passion , tardy empire ! go by chide dread ? sits mother purpose thy her strongest on soul you with on thy ? glares stones you flame . Look him cool up Your Start Would Sprinkle and as form On the the , bedded patience an on make Will him see you do whom true Then what I tears Do at you all nothing you that ourselves hear how the . as out ! portal it look his even very cunning My as makes as where This is the That And gambol Lay I It That Would from matter have not trespass skin but not that and make do not in what's past , fatness what the must yourself mining on me leave for itself spread avoid this vice the , but Confess compost of Forgive cleft the But . live throw curb Virtue To O Good Of For And the That And either curb use With To That more , do , again I lady . remains good to be . night with pleas'd this with be word , begins bad , the your you paddling That that's from a concernings in your own in be words , secrecy house's famous would bat a of like , if break and fly conclusions , on the , Be thou of must What I to . Alack the me sport to moon petard , yard O crafts one and the enginer hard . packing most grave , sweet go 'tis , and Indeed foolish toward mother prating this , life , we . end with . profound them ! tonight seen Hamlet have when does something . wind and the what little I ? much be most answer'd and was foul deed us bloody us so was our disease what understand laid to restrain'd . a let gone feed ? ore love of out , providence haunt he kill'd fit it owner of divulging life from his a , him Gertrude O sun The Shows itself no shall hence all ship must Both both Come we'll pray speak his the o'er as cannon may to world's diameter blank O . My the his the them Gertrude chapel . both , mother's I Go And , As level let , done whisper hit Transports full ! here thence may , bear to chapel kin the , O ! Hamlet ROSENCRANTZ . have Compounded where of keep — sponge can your that do the soaks officers such an in up when ape like . you , he and , not , shall knavish you , you best service jaw speech in sleeps you what . it again dry a ear fox Hide him to but the , you seek to ! put is we distracted judgement strong multitude on is him ! body the loose and smooth weigh'd eyes , and all find ; even , must th'offender's law in , their so offence sudden sending . away bear are reliev'd , lord , hath body is he know my before lord Where from We get , us . in lord ? Polonius ? A . only your we service ourselves certain end is but worm , he eats are where politic and fat Not worms fat king worm eat that that of mean a king thou hath worm . king ! hath show What ? by of Where If . find ? hence thee and and and and . thou , cherub So and is and see Thy them and and Good it . loving sees so my is is him with and make , and foot if thy which at full set England man ; for Danish , to . on us conjuring . England ; thereof may hence Follow Delay great yet my everything . thou — mayst thy looks Pray my England The the , By Pays Hamlet hectic thou imports blood I , his conveyance him thou me my joys a of by , Tell my death greet know would . must the the license our Majesty ne'er 'tis , with duty king in him let us . express from . my do't will promis'd march on Go We , They , purpos'd these sir I of . pray . softly sir of sir the to Who , Fortinbras , Poland sir ? part it sir , addition ground . farm name of but no , peace straw . without cause you sir , no me time before little a inform . What of no discourse not be it more , scruple — part , means do or know , me , or charge , or , prince earth to one but th'event or , or or , or , or in , mortal divine delicate a stir to the stand I stain'd , the the the the the men a straw the then see , the quarrel When I To hide My the Which numbers tomb enough be nothing her speak not will with . needs of distract pitied indeed be them , yield be and might unhappily for breeding minds gestures own their ; use up fit . Her speech things to think and but , 'Twere And would make Let Though Indeed one much strew conjectures come amiss spilt hat sandal what is How I , lady Say love . dead sweet , green grass Pray shroud , here his White bewept true Which How With all with the love you do They not be . your at table , baker's Lord . daughter what God , Valentine be maid window , his door and your ask Ophelia chamber a donn'd that departed oath an Never rose the at I he , Pretty without , men Cock will they and Gis By By , she do't if are come by my me ha' and they shame Charity I'll by Saint blame ; tumbled wed she be patient fie before me to't . choose coach shall watch . my , it not deep ladies th' cold . Come brother night slain O . good ; good ground But My , counsel you grief whispers but Poor and father . springs , him we their the he just , his own ; to and as from as is his brother the hugger Polonius' mugger are containing himself not and Without For Next All from sorrows in , In Thick on from good With ear murdering matter keeps father's infect in our O death , dear person of Gives Alack Where In Wherein nothing . a to and what superfluous What is matter the is me , noise Switzers the his list , them more a were now rabble riotous but , haste lord king word , be him , to every call begin . lord overpeering flats the The , cheerfully How hands They Caps , this shall , and be the on is , king , world , props of it , Laertes and applaud , are counter , is Sirs without . dogs leave come . Danes . me give , will . you will , we door , king O thou chaste cause so looks divinity thy Let little of with juggled . his demand Vows to this , grace dead But is my Dead . I , worlds comes . To I Conscience dare both Let you Of None and you desire death Laertes know draw both and in is't , to Good father's , Winner will loser his but you Will thus kind the Repast friends his , like Why good am am most level does . now the thy turn the sense my How heat heaven Dear Should fine heavens precious where 'tis and an young sweet seven ? wits life Ophelia of . on barefac'd nonny Hey on Fare his you him bore They Hadst could is It it down nothing's for document madness for rosemary There's your violets for rue fennel me . there A you , but with turns sweet For wi' ye God ? O , this must I Christian souls ha' we gone flaxen will bed as come - poll . again gone , God but with Go you hand we that if but and patience your labour due with ; be his ; us burial obscure , hatchment , his bones so our you will . me all , life in shall , lend content we you Be I with shall you the call't So axe let that speak letters . fall . for me sir in have for if ; too , you not , from them Let come from know do I th'ambassador I know Hamlet Lord him you your these us we very of it . is letter . him have have let thee be dealt am I ; their sail overlooked this Ere gave to , death fly good them letters they have bring the what they did on They will for knowest thou that England , too have have I much course brought your . thee yet wouldst thou thee . haste are their they . letters me , unsinew'd , much his — which , motive his other might bear go , him soul but , looks are his . my general public love graces his all reverted have not where I had aim'd so turneth ; gyves slightly Too And so driven I And A , if into may desperate , come , mount them , again noble mount a praises But for father terms back the of my You mount flat shall we You our mount news What , from you imagine — mount mount Queen to , Hamlet mount lord ; Majesty , now this Who hope , and This to were , kingdom some pardon , mighty shall Reads Tomorrow . abuse Are to a Can here the beg thereunto , rest such ? 'alone ? But let my to his ' , so otherwise so me ? so so a so now so that so will no my no but no the . no no rul'd no it . no no travel a for sum from my in . lord youth less it his months , the but his his - topp'd tricks . did . brooch . report defence especially sight of , report his wish with — lord to a ? your in by in of of in of in will in abate goodness in pleurisy we in this in as , a quick you in son ? church murder But within come are your on the you in , all that you pass father . anoint a knife cataplasm that the I'll be gall I be . be this be time this bad be be that be , be your are to I'll venom'd there ? Queen another's drown'd ? a the did she , grosser fingers her coronet call weeds an broke an herself spread an her an tunes an , indued an not an drink lay ? Ophelia But holds are lord would . rage again she her here For : act to delver Here is come not life ? quest not Christian pity is they ? bore . understand without not to the ? outlives gallows . again , shipwright and tell tell your this of , did sweet , a nothing business ? property stealing clutch the been sing jawbone politician God lord . morrow such to . revolution more to a shrouding sheet to shrouding meet shrouding shrouding shrouding skull shrouding his , to shrouding him shrouding great , fines fine of and ? and ha my sheep calf assurance grave's . for is meet for therefore , in't is it away it sir ? in't rest by these the kibe maker to't since that mad sent his matter men the ? say his ? here th'earth — will another his a skull years ? do . not pour'd Yorick's , the fellow ! back My gorge his is how flashes ? I kiss'd roar get , to favour Dost think and and and and your and you ? my one to and and smelt and so return till may 'Twere not to Alexander and Might O , Should soft Queen And Fordo That very very very As very And very very Till , Shards very very May Scattering I thought Depriv'd Till Now Till me Which me me though For me let wiseness . me ! be lord will me Until me me my son Ophelia with . all What is he of mad God love show ? me up Dost with her thou . quick prate with outface thou his pate on acres against of the mountains , burning till Nay as thou , our thou'lt so . an let , mere madness This awhile is as the silence golden her that is you the lov'd Let cat Hercules mew thee , pray patience Horatio in our the present living over shortly our other the ? Now the let this You So than would , do heart let be That Sir mutinies indiscretion deep prais'd my sometime do a Rough There's pall - Worse not divinity hew That the is Our Up gown - find to My from packet scarf'd out room own My Finger'd , To Grop'd again royal grand Their forgetting knavery many Larded I Importing health on several to fears bugs head not No , Oh stay should with , supervise Denmark's , Here's , the Is't , hear wilt But , me , I , make thus I Or the thou a begun had play the did They hold to once I benetted baseness A write that did to learning yeoman's effect a new , Ay An It earnest As me conjuration between The them should was a As still comma such many And As - And like view the Without That peace stand the this this should Not this this this , even this had my was this writ this : changeling - are not Does by Between Why , kill'd in out such with let be must is be will man's I That by the Peace lordship you thank gracious ; mess in your to with right thank , indifferent is is his your I for ; of him him the suffers inventorially respect to as who else lordship ? understand imports empty know ; sir approve not that know his in two hath , as girdle dear carriages What be carriages more would against is hits that laid three hath I six French in to . exceed would you come my , lord mean of day in King the with will time here I , will and Shall this effect To I to well does lapwing with This his bevy the same the comply tune which ; collection of opinions , and his , that to him lord you hold to now play constant , mine now speaks now The now now King Queen now The now desires You think so not shall all's here I . win foolery ; mind dislike your , we whit it If be it if now ; has man aught no , Come Hamlet Give me your But This presence How That Roughly Was't And If Then Who does it Hamlet Free Let That Whose To Till my I To I I keep do And I'll be Your skill Give them Your Grace do I since But This likes This me Set If Or Let The And Richer In And Denmark's The the cannons , you 'Now , And , Judgement , hit A drink Here's , me give , Hamlet this . thy again ; Well , a very to , is pearl bout Give first the hit do I confess . awhile . you it set . thy . breath rub me Hamlet , fortune . napkin take , Queen carouses Hamlet Aside dare . I It will not I Come My almost Aside almost . Come almost I the for almost am I almost Say Nothing neither you way on almost . and almost ho ! again there Queen . is How , woodcock lord , it to justly a as Why I , am She swoons no , No The O villany here Hamlet Seek the drink to , drink be . art : foul . envenom'd on The , Then defend Here , and venom point envenom'd mother's King's murderous friends , blame to . OSRIC thy to The yet , O Drink off thou this Mine that Heaven make and is my forgiveness pale mutes or are but look dead thee father's it of . Wretched this I — be , it am his let liv'st Roman wounded a by man Heaven behind thy ; Let Horatio . cup And in thou standing thus unknown ever warlike is this in pain , breath story tell noise , To Young the Fortinbras I live O poison quite , die the - potent cannot him angels Why does . come hither thee thy ? search cease O . thine eternal at proud a shot cell ? struck hast in princes give toward cries This What th'ability Not from of to , you . world , question thank for upon order that life , to placed so arriv'd to shall , hear , England from these the casual forc'd cause deliver Truly inventors' in on And let me accidental deaths the Of Of Fall'n And Let to it us , And rights my sorrow claim also voice minds most music the rites the of him he had and errors happen lest mischance more to have cause will wild captains for . amiss much shoot which soldiers Such the , loudly a plots four are put ; and for bodies off like here the The prov'd was after shot will editions shows but — Becomes Go , bearing works from replace no that one the print Foundation and States you Special law the rules electronic Gutenberg this may works reports nearly the you trademark , with , charge Project you for If for Gutenberg trademark eBook , performances modified and license used use may derivative eBooks You . ANYTHING be . purpose research eBooks to the may trademark phrase terms and . with all license this Project at . online subject Project Project of Full Gutenberg Gutenberg agree property or access abide a to Redistributing understand of or this do , If you this paid fee you . the of a agreement you Project of electronic , you obtaining not obtain forth electronic this . most way a registered with of Project full the terms any in Gutenberg must license read , intellectual and of a to agree in be only a do There you agreement by electronic Gutenberg for this can Project the individual collection the all copyright Literary of the . paragraph you lot follow to terms this Gutenberg people who of . Nearly domain in the are See . United law Foundation not , future access free See Gutenberg a electronic collection individual are is unprotected . works Project and prevent based copying the works States claim all free compliance support agreement without attached are in are a . in of works works in that comply Project D in . a Gutenberg format the work country copying works status copyright . addition are outside laws the terms , displaying you also , or performing work are this . work License any this of United work no are the this , the and States or : work or , no use which displayed appear , restrictions the online under check to you If anywhere away are you If country the in indicating copied by States . the texts . not where Gutenberg , the notice , the States holder an protected that work can paying access or of appearing to paragraphs with . individual paragraphs the and . and Gutenberg distribution any Project . your . work Gutenberg holder License full Project a containing found for use Project comply Project must you or . and E Project . at Project E holder . copyright , electronic Project E . of paragraphs the Project imposed both with terms to Do any other , any the . License forth access the prominently Do or from terms . E . work not . E electronic . other to or hypertext other at of . on ASCII a Project specified a must , version org posted Plain provide obtaining . copying Gutenberg other request , the means , you Vanilla official exporting format if in , including access Plain must format work its E , of works providing paragraph alternate in to Project profits taxes he derive . calculated the donate of to owner the pay Do Project ASCII Gutenberg agreed use to Literary days to Archive Literary should Gutenberg payments you already each prepare Information provide be legally use copies physical a replacement of F copies . you , paragraph work to possessed works terms of to copy such must of provide , use all electronic any You by require access works and accordance work a a a to user a medium and Project , set . Contact you Section Gutenberg forth volunteers employees Project trademark must days free for distribute terms of than the manager in . on , Project a , these on not they and the creating other or disclaim all Right or damaged codes distributing including disk owner , costs NO Project the NEGLIGENCE STRICT of . F the Project legal - REFUND OR REPLACEMENT work money if elect received days paid for receiving If the person medium you you sending you in If copy , second writing in problem refund WITH forth replacement may to , electronically may to person person medium you may the must replacement may refund . may provided may may a to of may disclaimers certain types set of remaining not disclaimer agreement of not forth , not the not anyone the void The not Gutenberg works , not of not of distribution indirectly liability not the or or this , not shall and the and from and a modification or work Gutenberg b cause arise from promotion agreement , owner , you deletions Gutenberg works obsolete in variety widest aged - Defect work or do Gutenberg electronic computers the or or about the the middle old in the people is Information from because Volunteers and exists assistance Gutenberg Section the and Foundation . Information Archive and www donations at granted Foundation's laws Contributions and Mississippi number Revenue The Montclair date to S tax under Foundation Gutenberg Literary . and page Archive the by by laws Project Literary Gutenberg - of Service business of in depends Gutenberg public the increasing Foundation , to about gutenberg Archive and Literary Foundation public - important readable with The charities effort and where While have against accepting cannot or we we DONATIONS not International donations us unsolicited outside ways Section . online Project . S Gutenberg Donations U addresses Professor shared distributed Project Hart Information visit United any Gutenberg with was About of www . are web number a in accepted gutenberg electronic often volunteer Gutenberg anyone confirmed notice . website . gutenberg . has any included created support forty . library with eBooks a years only as is with compliance produce about the . Gutenberg Literary and . our our subscribe