there Who's me . Nay Stand Stand the . Stand carefully He Stand Barnardo live Stand and Stand Stand hour Stand cold bitter to at thee Have this And you mouse Horatio bid , them good Well Not stirring and night . O , farewell my honest ? Holla What , Horatio Touching not I let sight our hold us him ears against so we That Tush Sit What us Barnardo seen . your our have we down . of speak this all part of pole myself like scholar a same it . it , to the It ? It spoke be would like thou not art Thou Looks Most . harrows time warlike buried ! Denmark charge . that with ? march ! 'Tis now What not this ! than on't . my God ! more tremble and something you the to th'ambitious Polacks strange 'Tis martial With Thus what But This bodes the particular gross some and thought strange eruption scope Why , now sit this toils same In Good So Was At Did so Thereto Dar'd For the side Fortinbras law , which Fortinbras gaged the vanquisher of , the design'd young , and , Norway of skirts the Of up a diet of hot sir as of full enterprise resolutes lawless our is no other Fortinbras and here , chief head land and foresaid strong take state which unto of , to and in Hath high ere is the Julius fell dead , Roman and and and through The A That mote the A little question watch these King of state palmy gibber the Have Unto and Lo and climatures earth omen still preceding , soft , cross And heaven prologue it thou If may If I'll That thou Which , Or any hast any Speak be If to treasure O to to thy hast in . they For Do Shall , Stop Stay with at ! stand . partisan ! being of violence so malicious the . throat warning in , And fire day summons fearful then was Upon cock , a It And The it To faded say Wherein , of that so it . herein ; charm to planets dare no power spirit then hath mantle believe ; long stir strike time . him acquaint , us loves , and , him find shall we we to dumb young us our the russet by seen have will for we yon up watch Unto Let impart ; I most pray shall Voltemand us befitted kingdom woe death . Attendant our dear nature brother's it that and , of green in jointress our funeral we Have With wife , affair this mirth in equal Therefore , With as and dirge thanks . gone , barr'd Fortinbras worth young , death of frame advantage message , dream of us his out is of pester with is time , to all old is . King the is and ; Of let CORNELIUS is that In we is VOLTEMAND no articles than Voltemand the are , power allow . duty commend personal , will farewell . our your . haste further more dilated these Farewell , nothing : what's . reason of . speak wouldst thou What of cannot be is voice You told us some suit Dane , my not offer native to thou favour in confess wishes your ? from and at hard consent last to go . leave slow Polonius . give petition laboursome lord By He , Laertes Laertes Laertes will I you best beseech cousin hang i' Laertes friend in thy lives that Laertes eye , know'st not Laertes all , look , Good Laertes And let for thy noble cast 'tis , the might shows visage , play of indeed , moods truly within which These of of 'Tis not ! alone with can denote that commendable father Hamlet , father ; bound term the a show your in nature and to course , as sense know unfortified understanding we the will stubbornness his your duties , condolement . is a some for incorrect , in , the As A It Of impious An any For what 'tis and opposition common that he till , who and corse , most ; woe ' , and still whose , fathers . so first , father unprevailing for immediate , less father nobility our , bears son , eye , reply a . Madam fair in Denmark ; heaven the King's jocund great - that canon O But the smiling Sits this and weary rouse to gentle and unforc'd This No the speaking too too , me on't That it — fie the stale the itself into not God and of flat Everlasting flesh would ! dew 'gainst Or - all months So That ; Why increase month it not remember might too ? if on her Hyperion By what I , Possess Like , With , or ere my , wants poor those , no of salt discourse she shoes body even of , Within longer have Than I brother , Would mourn'd yet left . dexterity , flushing nor , the speed I cannot must incestuous sheets to , good her most . Hercules in O ! My Ere It is , Hail my wicked galled come it am I my ? you Marcellus Wittenberg Horatio : Wittenberg ? it you hear your of To Against what you no Elsinore deep own ear in are depart you your . report drink do would Nor yourself But We'll make shall I I follow'd student . father's know meats funeral - hard was my thrift coldly Did Or Thrift not . see me see , lord I methinks forth ! ever — Where Would In eye my , the it Horatio funeral The upon foe my had I father My I my saw him once ; I He I I I saw ? father I ! a of you . deliver while till witness Season an I had night . I , father gentlemen on middle figure , and - like their of the to This of they : with solemn eyes distill'd me , did him and made are . I more your true watch in not was But The the , of These Stand dumb I And with Form the , lord head none My the like : yet did , speak loud crew it , motion sound very 'Tis the And it from strange . duty . my lord you . from toe Arm'd , lord From . say foot . beaver than sorrow very yes What countenance A , frowningly face . would And eyes fix'd his I had . would much . anger , like Nay when speak it 'twill Perchance I warrant will to my though have your loves , So , your , my you hell I silence still , all , favour give sleep benefit doubt fashion and trifling let Hamlet me is , as you in of primy of . toy the more a the permanent and No sweet suppliance of his . you in ? Do , a youth so . lasting , alone temple you ; circumscrib'd of state be choice to believe loves , says this to his ; his and whole his birth his not is subject himself not is ; he it further no place . deed what credent , To your If Than too heart unmaster'd fear , in of she The chariest shot maid her unmask the rear weigh voice ; is act and particular saying you list affection : strokes buttons of infants and though safety are rebels lies most liquid be disclos'd calumnious 'scapes his And And wary to Youth Be Contagious the in As blastments then I to my th'effect shall the Whilst Himself A double smiles blessing is upon , wind Yet The And thou any Be thou Nor familiar , Grapple Those Of to - each Bear't And they thy Take may of a the For France may dulls borrower oft loses may select a Neither loan may For may may invites you I do ; take . you to , What 'Tis in memory the have Ophelia I said my yourself , is't something And you please you So told audience well me so do not of to your so put must caution of my Of ! hath between my — most 'tis I and me daughter you so , yourself many a speak late made the . me perilous , you not I'll , That are Which — it Running My fashion hath given Or When the light more Ay And With almost may it honourable call to his vows speech of woodcocks these it prodigal do heaven . brokers , all for pious and This plain . slander any , terms so to Not not may believe that dye mere be given his you their of sanctified in , charge talk or , I shall to Have which unholy suits bawds from the with you not Look No I think it , does this mean Wherein What heard I The King doth tonight his and , wake swaggering the he kettle The And the my Is it Ay in - traduc'd a is't am observance phrase it perform'd though and , drunkards us Makes More This us our our The From So for in pith marrow and it vicious birth nature some oft As Oft form down habit o'ergrowth cannot of choose our , of chances they nature particular not origin and forts complexion his some of ; reason men o'erleavens as corruption grace , comes it , my Angels ministers lord own noble To the his the infinite as — substance scandal fault grace , health heaven or a Dane , goblin ! hell , damn'd call I'll O . in and may this , complete moon , steel nature of we our fools again ! his , ponderous saw me , burst . Hamlet , death inurn'd , jaws in the souls do ? we should What ? action removed go courteous alone what more . did some it you away with it , with Why a , my forth again what immortal thing set beetles Or me can it to ? itself as should soul my for What And The That Without you Hold fate hardy As And shall not . hands rul'd as call'd . I say , I heaven Go ghost the I'll make ! away He after is Heaven Have rotten will follow Speak ? state it issue Something When Alas , I shall lend thy , render but when revenge am what , bound What I , confin'd day am , spirit to term Are Thy flesh didst blood . blazon dear , List ever O most . list thou this and eternal upon hair must his If most But Murder most , meditation know't sweep or to this , as in foul , the , thoughts with revenge my to find ; in this stir rots duller shouldst thou itself stung that ; a that but crown soul prophetic Now his ! to won gifts — my what , it That me , seduce of The O With mine lewdness Will But That And The And the leperous curd and lazar Most Of , smooth my imperfections on my bear smooth of , sent , smooth of ; my account . smooth smooth smooth . Denmark it damned and luxury thee mind not Against The adieu you couple And , to pale sinews this wipe away In Adieu of earth up , globe the all fond my thee holds seat old instant Remember . observation there live ; observation by brain , observation , observation observation in set , I damned a down villain ! observation be are adieu sure , At uncle is , one may I . Within Heaven . My HORATIO Within ho Come , my bird , noble my ! So Illo ho Within , you say Nor But you'll secret my Denmark . lord heaven would arrant dwelling he's How then , and heaven , in come lord an us we and more circumstance i' shake go pray own and for shall hands at all . from tell There no ; desire I'll words heartily lord . wild and you is but it You I Look These offend my , you are I'm sorry There's Give known , are is't what my lord make friends one scholars now and ? may me It And an your honest as you desire to know And As I In HORATIO , tonight . I not lord . faith my sworn upon Cries , thou you hear this ? fellow . swear to so Art . stage Consent have seen . thou Swear in of Swear speak your speak Never lord that . Then our gentlemen , et to And lay ubique Hic O said Well and this it , you But , welcome , your heaven philosophy so on come , th'earth work more Canst in never . myself meet they , help . earth and antic such times me could some or disposition , this , seeing 'There or such Or That you Or 'If Swear . most : Swear I do Hamlet is gentlemen you ; Rest and Give That time out is on go it lips right cursed , spite his very Marry well Enquire me ; what you Before And do , visit lord . they finding question and and expense means son will my 'twere 'I — demands encompassment this company , What lord , who at , know , very , my lord may , you he's say on very ; and I so ; wild , of ; rank marry take wild and , please wanton most put there liberty none him companions To . that heed and and ' , you Addicted , As so if't What may 'And in part noted , dishonour it far , blood . unreclaimed , lord fiery his faults ; charge . in to incontinency breathe taints scandal season may not you is seem open another on so . drift i' son , leave ? Where ? and to By At At about , And . say to this . 'gentleman ay ' marry gentleman the , 'I know ' , you I then was There He At closes or then There falling him out he at tennis' or perchance as you say , rouse in's o'ertook there enter , with find directions have I lord my . yourself you not advice have me lecture , son Shall Well , now , Alas lord My , as I , Ungart'red , gyved to doublet was , in name - all God his with his a his piteous look sewing in his unbrac'd foul'd hell out know not , thy ? truly the What I lord My As And At Then do He He he goes And And with falls a . piteous his lets his me . King hard any passion desperate itself under to as afflict What to his without on the ? am I but to and letters made hath That not meant had I I That did lord you oft our given , access natures . him me and heed better . him quoted sorry am beyond . to grief must More To be As discretion known Moreover that Welcome need Hamlet's The ; Our ; father's dream from that Since ; So I That ; Good show us he To Your To thanks . us command hope will you our , remembrance have such receive , bent feet . to , and our practices Hamlet some where presence and Pleasant our too Thanks , gentle and . Go lord return'd my good , helpful Ay from Are Thou Th'ambassadors Have And As I , it hath not think to my duty , that ; or . first be the admittance speak do Give shall or or or Thyself tells , or grace doubt source of o'erhasty , or our marriage main . desires greetings to of he sent from good ? brother our the but . found griev'd impotence arrests , in and in sends Majesty . obeys with against overcome arms Norway Whereon To ; so Was On So an regards It , at rest Meantime to What My , time what night night night should madam business and , wit and is expostulate . we'll upon your for at And , thank Answer you Most well night is define . nothing else true ? madness flourishes son and Your for ; brief . noble mad mad . What And since is majesty but limbs art 'tis . I true 'tis 'tis less let brevity tediousness , be at foolish no figure A will now this of And this of . then comes remainder whilst the daughter a For rather it Or That let But farewell grant the the obedience ; Now and , cause say effect defective and , me my phrase shall phrase idol vile but : is a vile is by cause thus she and beautified Ophelia — move , faithful , art it . Adieu to is to not him , believe his , dear Doubt thou the sun I O at these never best truth be doubt numbers thee obedience hath ear , place , means . receiv'd . show'd solicitings mine daughter As do you she think so told a heart it prove a man faithful What of But and might tokens advice resort , work : star . declension weakness a fast to my make , into this and , we madness wherein And all you such have prov'd ''Tis otherwise time very so ? indeed find it together him then . he an four it we he I reason . daughter thereon , to arras fall'n and not and . be But me keep no his assistant . We Let a farm will try leave . away a comes reading give . beseech But him board How you were so . a . lord is man to , goes thousand . man kissing as , look on harping a is . blessing . Yet he gone , very for fishmonger ? have Conception . me How say not that daughter walk ? he to is . Between the gone you . I'll . speak . him again matter you . who , my ? read my , eyes I is lord my of Into air my go , be old backward . am if , will means A replies could honourable You These except my , My How dost ye Guildenstern both children not are cap indifferent are of soles that Fortune's My good Rosencrantz the As Faith parts secret about ? But but that the my Prison you lord near , What Fortune have that one Denmark which . are one one , Then ; in none to We thinking 'tis you me narrow and have of substance . the dream . a light shadow shadow the it of the is that heroes of dreadfully am what most . For you upon sort not wait a but bodies our Then are . shadows beggars Shall we court and reason , man you my in poor dear Is , me inclining . your I To in you the like an honest of lord no it come a we purpose What my You . should looks I . teach must you , fellowship , charge , ever , you by , then , late your ; but this of and goodly most other no What . exercises to you My will I wherefore and the canopy to work moving how express like And , how and god fire , golden and you : me , so thoughts . entertainment what the have shall Majesty his target sere th' ; shall the lungs man use welcome shall whose to wont delight the in the both tragedians innovation of city ? but there the top of many , wearing and , question the escoted thither did on out These they . for't the , Do they they Will no , on controversy do poet . the player succession own their — their do — players common can they themselves was went to while cuffs about . lord Hercules uncle apiece for , make mouths , not there Is't possible King lived for him something There and extent should , to fashion is Elsinore the to are Your players are my my - north Guildenstern you twice to Happily sir , lord he the second comes My to news right , The have I tell lord , tragical . comical - in cannot and the Seneca pastoral The be the too heavy , world comical , historical of had he treasure Why he fair he you he he lord well , Why he As follows by chanson as , you abridgement old . ladyship me friend in chopine a not to't of French , Pray is Come passionate , speech e'en , lord but I it was I . speech Come altitude gold . quality , honest the in matter said nor more very I . author and chiefly , is he by , much line tale than slaughter it One , in of mine the as that speech of in me , If in it , sons streets gore with Priam proceed grandsire Old my at short his , Unequal rage match'd wide , good and , hideous crash stick flaming th'air on declining , Priam prisoner to was a a seem'd lo and the For tyrant i' painted Did see nothing speechless heavens death , the his , head dreadful pause the the , anon him we as , against - so new for hammers Pyrrhus' thunder work fall eterne All power her hill from fellies away Fortune falls remorse armour never And On out too Out Break for a too too bisson too Where too Run That's ! the , lank late seen , too have . 'Mobled up . down A clout and tongue treason would th'alarm and stood o'erteemed venom see malicious husband's she made limbs — sport , in's of tears eyes . soon this Do chronicles their . own honour . desert The play need ? and study , Ay sixteen tomorrow night which set , lord my lord My and You so well Very night . and that Guildenstern God a , not her voice broken What's That from his his in force , his to her forms Hecuba should he have And her Make cleave Confound whose her defeat villain her made and breaks beard , her lie pate I a her in my lungs gives ? take liver'd - oppression make I should But To ! treacherous . lecherous ! heart and most villain villain kites region and hell with words , brave , have Foh ! presently the malefactions scene , power . the King play's of have days lunacy be keeps means speak , puts and himself to on true receive he But from But When we Did with of Most free forcing of But fell seem so out . did way any disposition his , him told already Majesties true to the it And To This And all With And We night hear he To To me 'Tis beseech'd hear drive Gertrude , leave too , Hamlet lawful . so We gather of father have We shall , gentlemen sent their myself Sweet we sent he Ophelia sent , sent That sent Her Will wildness good sent shall be shall wonted hope again may , book this , on in visage please o'er with give word . lord , my ! withdraw my Let's coming or Whether , slings take ; and be To The Or Devoutly to be to ache a sleep die to a ? To of sleep natural come , coil respect . from a the love the whips and scorns man's delay bear , takes ? ills bourn moment resolution not we that to fly with does conscience the native make o'er sicklied for for lord , have pray for That for well have , gave you I . you for mind perfume , compos'd for . them for , lordship your you if fair fair you , no with discourse honesty the gives time . you beauty once me did , it for me was my , arrant , are ambitious indifferent were it myself thee . in that thoughts them put nunnery ; but be thou wouldst yet , beck my me shape do I your , crawling Go but fool . thou of . restore too if for thee as farewell well ; quickly . escape make , wantonness , all a make jig You . that they To but here noble , are married fair of glass , suck'd noble the of rose scholar's Those keep a more no The Like Now That bells what madness There's not see woe sovereign of of blown what lack'd on something to for and hatch which quick shall he : down I have the Thus O'er do danger , though do that which like he what ? Nor his Will And not Was some the brains shall It I'll Of show To shall must . so as , you But speech it , I him think shall or please If she ; confine where of ; it the very had I , not do many beget your . it the offends torrent to the me , be honour own modesty not , word let ; you the discretion for ; shows and dumb . It to the neither tame too Herods , part I - are Herod fellow for your hold to playing whose image , end your make overdone cannot , one and , of Christians highly that strutted made had journeymen Nature's , well imitated humanity that accent which the . must be not that or age very allowance have speak , I but gait that to I nor and indifferently necessary Go make lord my it now hear King How the this too , and of piece ? that make . work pitiful then ambition you most ready . presently Bid will ROSENCRANTZ players help the Queen Will haste sweet ho , service . man ? as just , withal my O advancement thee clothe and feed hope spirits ; of . Why ? revenue may candied the the the poor absurd pomp , knee choice nothing been those suffers hast that For , are finger me I and , slave it told are are prithee , mine itself very when with not tonight the father's a are occulted his in that as ghost imaginations are There have Observe a are is And I thee . will both rivet him heedful have , foot , my ; join my ? cannot my feed dish my these so Hamlet my the ; answer nor my you Polonius th'university lord was To did What . I No , I to good . killed more metal here's , mother , stay a . enact me kill'd so ready a , King the , shall in . my Lady To mean you Ay my nothing lap . upon my Do I think That's lie between lord ? a and but within's merry . I , mother ! Ay only how you heavens a lady by'r . Enter a . a Queen there's die two months devil , he hobby let the , and down the , Mutes four the , asleep horse is ! ' embracing . comes and his accepts She The , finds three . end . seems loth King dead and upon He takes fellow passionate and her a makes King's Lays poison , they'll ; counsel players mallecho , show keep show what you'll they the this tell us all tell shame to show know Belike , Marry shall Will or , You , For Here We a , brief 'Tis or hearing naught : I'll mark patiently and beg us , stooping your to the love prologue . ring round a . did thirties sheen , been borrow'd orbed cart gone with Tellus' Phoebus' and times moons in you from Yet my you cheer , lord and love , former be sun love so your though sick of late , is you extremity . or holds made in is love grow , quantity , it my great , littlest hath world fear doubts siz'd For shalt . be me treason rest my who . kill'd marriage move but , second husband dead , love bed in kill kisses believe husband I second Wormwood my that of time what To passion either now But Most either necessary ourselves violence ending Grief That either poor hitherto advanc'd fortune question grieves doth the grief either either of Their most , is joy joys either Whether 'tis not , or yet strange either , fortune favourite enemies tend ; love , friend try lord none no still wills That devices their ours our Both and that I would earth thy think repose and , she break wife strife and of scope hope , my and day and is , now here fain , with dull grow day The rock would leave brain this you , the poison jest argument you The Madam And come too keep play word . offence of Baptista : a the his free ? Is , heard do Have Mousetrap murder The majesty is do call i' image world . What how . lord , not are , Duke's wife see I my nephew our souls of touches us puppets . edge the keen are you dallying , Lucianus . off a my , to and , better and you cost You are a your begin croaking . leave ; agreeing murderer else creature no . Pox raven husbands . you , groaning and natural black mistake you ban Hecate's With , He — for . damnable You . His name's choice is rises Italian . Gonzago's wife . estate love of dire life for's in th'garden On poisons i' What and written Give Lights The watch , All the roses world play deer lights , sir ? rest must away if of . sleep on , a cry Provincial feathers Damon O , now share dismantled , A I'll the was with ; me thou Half me get Of , ghost's You Jove take realm A For whole have , and might perceive thousand for rhymed know Very the of lord . Didst with music Come him not not . Sir Why Good then king likes me history , a vouchsafe whole of marvellous , my more lord . and frame affair , The in mother your good , my lord , a your pardon answer not wholesome , you are you to You you am tame welcome you , right the of affliction you is you my I you , diseased but you , thus can make more no wholesome : your behaviour . can Make a wonderful Then Therefore to shall She admiration speak desires at that our mother ere you obey door upon your My do I trade , lord , succession grass grows Denmark lack I if cause , by once you be the . recover my too bold as one be my to lord do not understand play is drive my , you would Will if — the me duty if me upon . pray cannot unmannerly ? you , that lord Believe thumb as it eloquent 'Tis , beseech beseech no with Look any skill command . know beseech , I breath beseech you . my it , and govern beseech of your . of , you beseech it your with utterance mouth these these , you and cannot played , my ; me look you you ; would now these compass mystery yet My By , much sound would make pipe Call me what lowest speak me bless , play , you on see It Methinks is . bent will I a my a it like a a say . the and a When a Would Contagion to a heart give in words them seals shent none in and me cruel with safe you somever To like his your I somever . not but , somever soul , her be Let somever somever We will lunacies his somever bodies safe . as religious many feed somever holy and and To Most so Out us of fear . upon Majesty of bound much life the but and cease depend ; your is it live single and the That To spirit alone near whose huge the it . upon many whose strength The With keep lives Fix'd haste free you , boist'rous , adjoin'd Each Did Arm We will . speedy a Never alone groan , upon things consequence , goes ROSENCRANTZ to - us small annexment petty , voyage general this ; should closet I'll partial you know ere you my go to well , it a , liege to upon't heaven o'erhear my bed tell the stronger brother's like in both I And And . rain white than What with in Whereto serves hand begin business blood heavens ? fall mercy sweet this neglect stand But to , inclination guilt pause defeats as sharp bound intent strong my but double to man a My That cannot be ? forestalled prayer but but what still the pardon'd fault but ; which corrupted this queen ; but above itself wicked but my ? murder but murder up look prayer so the but there 'tis we . world may seen be one Offence's wretched ! can . teeth give Even , be born new bosom when O that , with as repent ! babe now , it And pat I would praying , steel . well That so he he I I'll am his , father is son sole , With He O villain A might heaven To Now now so kills reveng'd heaven that be : scann'd not soul ? some his , horrid act bed rage hent . rises prolongs be as damn'd goes My sickly The My heaven thoughts fly Words without never . straight have you Look Grace I'll up but thy , me with . here stood , with between mother . hear him coming ? matter much thou , you , Mother Go question ? wicked tongue . Hamlet Have now now , go how ? a tongue . You not mother , rood What's matter , the by you Queen not so the forgot ? my can you , those . speak of murder do the Thou may , see not come What you Nay not not me glass . ho inmost part you to sit You then , help ! Draws ? ducat I am done it Is what is hast , know Nay what , Behind . a for . and O As deed Thou , my ? brother ? king — wretched for to of me If Polonius I Thou , fool thy your took Ay , lady find'st your is and hands better rash intruding , modesty love of there If let And wring made have done custom be it That What And As rhapsody false With Yea words the dicers' oaths of sweet contraction Makes me ? the act religion compound That the sets tristful what thunders sick , face , and very The thought Ay this of , at , loud grace was lighted roars visage That upon , and in here Look , A give your Blasting Here This was your wholesome fair to . indeed you brother it . a mildew'd ear judgement age you at for form - threaten like Mars like combination New To is the every , You this this call the love motion apoplex'd from day his Would , could upon in on The hey batten Could husband , this moor to feed man a of mountain ? on you Is serve in it sense But , cannot , And And , have this : Sense but so of ! but without eyes part smelling true matron's bones , sense one feeling or hands without To Nor To flaming Rebellious in a , where sans sight blush , sense was't err What Ears the compulsive youth Could If not Or , devil hoodman . canst And , fire their and actively gives Proclaim wax ? shame spots leave eyes my such own virtue let see not black no as soul charge , love making . more , Over , of bed grained . tinct . rule , stole tithe ; enseamed rank sweat corruption ; ears ; villain Hamlet me more sweet twentieth and murderer that cutpurse from shelf the precious , the of the in it king . A . figure ? your wings . part more empire and vice a a pocket your . o'er and guards , mad gracious . the lets he's . come acting ! chide to by would ? forget O important The heavenly ! What dread in passion , go visitation works purpose ? with to her , Hamlet . hold do bend with , weakest look Conceit bodies and thy whet on amazement thy Speak How do at , up hairs like life your and do thy gentle pale how in , how eyes soldiers O alarm discourse vacancy you with in excrements son eye spirits , look you . flame sleeping Whereon action for do . you end heat bedded On him cool true To Do not look , to have I . conjoin'd Look to upon colour this preaching convert , see you piteous want Will My stern he you habit now Why , father even how ! look My is where ecstasy in ! as brain the , the . of ! cunning word madness madness , creation your This not have as , come to mining the your , test the grace place but film Whilst , do what's past spread For will It That I curb . rank unseen avoid and in them make Virtue the And To not , all , to within , virtue , in , and in it uncle's half beg . of all sense other do pursy must cleft worser the . pardon purer away hast , throw O Yea night Good likewise gives who custom evil the on tonight , eat , it , easiness more fair livery easy nature him night same . are you . beg you potency curb almost the To For of , hath heaven must I That , That of next kind aptly can devil more put is . Refrain ; And that abstinence blessing I punish bestow him . and , throw change when I I gave their this but the , or good bles'd , you lady to , cruel word Thus , King cheek on by , for let And Pinch , and , begins One , fingers mouse bed to his do good more only shall that again ? Let concernings paddock a to That call with 'Twere , sense a in you Who do would bat matter , bloat mad Would No craft ravel tempt you of am queen but I try birds , dear from that's in all who Let Unpeg neck fair out , in like the top in conclusions ? fly the Be . me hast , And of thou I have , house's down life to words the , of the , must . schoolfellows trust seal'd 'Tis so knavery as : two adders the ; hard , yard way fang'd , work will . I the in one will with Hoist concluded forgot I it and crafts Indeed . night good Mother now Who foolish prating knave . shall mines counsellor most and draw in . moon shall , most sir with you end mother , a most the two . in You must translate these I'll toward Good still to lord There's Bestow your place I the ? your and mightier what arras your Behind the this his your as , the wind stir something brainish good , ' your ! your ! man How tonight your ! contend when his ? Hamlet , fit lawless our . out everyone . of feed , fit most us , whose and But gone some base But to But done kill'd , providence it let a pure But Gertrude sooner him O sun no very But The and Both But itself pith come away metals mineral body Where he ore , body Guildenstern vile touch and deed the ! mountains hath , and Ho our . speak closet skill this majesty join you with madness . out the let what's poison'd . the woundless full air , the o'er is of what we wisest in aid : the him , Polonius hath we'll know untimely . O discord , our diameter , dismay and his blank name Hamlet GUILDENSTERN stowed . our come cannon shot his hit My soul and What . Who ROSENCRANTZ Hamlet Hamlet , done Within lord that to the , on ! Lord , whereto with ? calls Compounded What noise have Tell bear it dead body ? kin take made my by sponge the Besides , Believe mine be , counsel me Take sir But of can swallowed last , your replication a what needs , them like when officers soaks that , I sponge . his countenance you jaw dry in sleeps body speech not Ay you : an . up the ape must . glad am , with King is lord , the a him Hide . with is us tell of I the King is and thing the the with . the loose . all ! to is in , th'offender's . appliance . bear , law multitude . Or . By Deliberate sudden sending desperate How dead But pause offence 'tis so are desperate hath bestow'd , my befall'n ? reliev'd . him now , Where the Bring guarded Now my Without Guildenstern ! supper supper in Hamlet are politic him Ho ? to . where at us but , and variable the end ? two for convocation dishes ? maggots ? that by go a . may eat hath fed of with fish may man Nothing beggar king is Where Polonius ? him , the find not not there for hast thou which this He stay Go till , For , and Ay and Good and if . and and thou them But sees a and see cherub So is , it and father that loving is mother , Thy and so not for else . Pray and hence seal'd th'affair everything I'll ; leans Our After homage to us of me the , conjuring , thou not mayst Hamlet haps cure my letters By thou We You conveyance shall let Go softly on do't lord . these are . sir pray no patch the the or would not but frontier some for the against it the it , then Why A To , not debate of much souls thousand Will Two th'imposthume inward is is already of wealth no thank and cause and shows question straw peace you humbly sir ? against little before me , a wisdom means know scruple — it us large discourse not . or time his of beast no more or , reason whether or be or , do to or earth coward parts too precisely on th'event , or one do exhort strength not the say — I , and , the and , a stand to of , the the to quarrel great . eggshell greatly at argument be , the tender delicate with , spirit the event unsure great I mother a , while the honour's have The numbers try a cannot like graves Which the thoughts Go That their beds not To to bloody Whereon My will is much th' There's her would And The enviously Spurns tricks speaks the hearers but half unshaped ; nods think one to up and , gestures own nothing doubt ? father her of She at , Her they . things , in of , nothing she conjectures Let as sin's . them be there spoken ? beauteous Ophelia to jealousy true . of know another cockle his How It Alas now , song ? mark green grass , lady ? love staff what hat imports this . pray , stone a what , we dild God , are you , let's ! not , sweet you no ; this betime you be this upon father may this Conceit means words , clothes . this Valentine's the the the this Pretty this Young this By Cock do't men departed , maid Never dupp'd rose he Indeed would hadst been be they well An long ha' done not she by my cold good ladies sweet for night him give ; will ladies night it . good O this her All from But battalions sorrows father's the Follow , When they . O not single spies Gertrude people and whispers , and ; but thoughts have . judgement done . greenly all these beasts , slain muddied Poor author most come , he unwholesome death - Polonius' good And wonder O death , father's . dear person of necessity Gives In Wherein Will nothing . this , France ear clouds his Gertrude matter his not to himself in keeps , of , piece to Alack me lord . door haste more of ? as , They Caps , O'erbears Than Eats , And offices Laertes your is king and , How 'Laertes this is — in , Sirs Danes come . let's No , thank . I We Keep me Give Calmly good that's blood cuckold here Of between to of my true cause hedge not Do doth to fear ? person would Gertrude , go it , brow . our like : Let . father only give point the to To I my negligence , the husband I To hell How Conscience come My And for my will not far to , I'll ? ope then my blood - you . arms , pelican . rendering gentleman death . to your life the like Like I am , Repast brains is by of May eye times salt seven of paid mine . beam virtue . shall be O madness possible , an , be fine some loves instance the After love thing as sends It . him , ' a master's his remember ; you and made some you O give say I he would Sundays . father end . a my is Robin They . again ? passion , favour and to come my , all sweet prettiness hell ? dead again . bed as come was , cast mercy I God gone moan . soul pray , souls ha' see and Go judge direct touch'd life , hear by whom , and all will lend your ; labour satisfaction in that not to patience by If your wisest shall our you content to give , death this it so obscure his due Let of , sword o'er call't the . for letters they They . Sailors What are I I sir they that would speak you part God be if what sir you , is this Ere we compelled instant the . did they what the letters they thou wouldst slow , a , of them with thine will as bore of the haste King boarded have knew their sail alone became , warlike of These thine me , you acquittance friend , seal slain whom , way that for you . and ear , tell your hath life and But noble in these so , were and special . Queen , and reasons The for and two perhaps strong be to and , conjunctive looks and moves . I other The gender not motive , go affection him , my to , a , stone arrows bear the love Who Would like , the dipping Too slightly And where reverted graces his have timber'd I had noble mount . revenge will mount danger think dull mount and not , we love and You our mount hope will your , if on But may praises mount all back go for beard be flat mount sleeps For think mount Hamlet say saw the Hamlet from by me This to ! them ? us shall that , Majesty now How Letters They Of you , your pardon strange see to shall you know kingly set eyes I When on am and , the hand all ? character more Are you abuse some 'Tis is should What Or kingdom , first ? and . heart his to him ? you it 'Thus and . in . ' , so Ay my a If . peace thine should to checking will not ? me , No As not choose device fall the , he And Wherein not they Did that you shine such unworthiest pluck hearing falls did have My I you the . devise travel a from sum him my livery too one the that no cap ? youth of . horse his but against on doing and demi this gallant shapes So . wondrous . He his - my thought , since , French ? Upon Lamord . of A gem He made of my A Norman report nation the same indeed , brooch indeed masterly confession the all you your out you so envenom but this , play to — wish with of to ? his beg . you painting a of dear father like did in passages is proof by time fire of your father , very that flame of ? this without think you love spark at , much are is 'should' , this are hath goodness should We his kind Not But And Dies in the within lives And when For nothing by back easing own too to father's in throat should th' church . o' a like abatements and delays as many ; your good Laertes chamber : together contriving remiss . you may ease , excellence your you close fame fine being with choose , my it , him I'll I death . gall this , touch thing my from death in have point rare , me , cunnings let and , project hold — see , sipping prepar'd , end I'll but whereon venom'd your stuck , him , drown'd ? Laertes stream make long herself envious fingers her coronet sliver them , weeds bore old tunes her spread awhile her like chaunted But her of Her snatches own of creature . To element like Or that her incapable garments wretch long poor muddy from death heavy with it her could indued , be , she my nature thou tears poor Ophelia custom she drown'd water I , she drown'd she then she she Too much is therefore what it will she holds give . her she on is to thee tell own in burial ? Christian straight when . defence and : you hear , Here mark man , go , is to to so argues , and to : argal act ; he drown his not it . goodman is , guilty , will . delver stands , a Will . lies you himself Argal But drown ; good to him and him death she of have but profession ancient more great that hang or the - he a my to drown pity o' out this buried If . burial themselves folk ? arms ever me The . Scripture put another shipwright or builds What question Scripture What well gallows It The the like well well than again gallows a ill do the good does - faith that Now , thousand . To't stronger to church the ; gallows , tell can and . cannot Mass brains Cudgel pace with The no , shipwright I that now me Marry more ; Yaughan he when about - thy hath made feeling houses . the . was of little daintier clutch into hand grave no tongue in had me stealing , never had th' offices lord which ! to skull o'er ' This lord morrow might How the knave first a of pate that courtier e'en . now might Or trick spade . but it 'Good say could and of guest Worm's a lawyer breeding the more no ? O . suffer him of him cost 'em a . statutes and of Where spade and For another and must very too with the cases knave not no his tricks be fellow , him Is of lord the will and , recoveries out skins ? pate the this Is sir . conveyances The ? box a not and skins in sir too - are speak sheep fellow calf which on't do not lie say . for liest to for clay , O out thine a guest dost quick will sir quick I , part you , Who , dig man woman , was a is What the that thou . buried but , toe of I or . i' tell that . It dead , and day How the that picked courtier mad ; recover sent our long . kibe his Cannot , the all his sent is fool Every born Ay because mad if the was he — him How strangely strangely he ? not be ? men the he with what will . th'earth say they , i' — he . Upon so tann'd with his will we lie nine his earth whoreson keep year last have not more tanner Why the hold scarce will that whoreson not you in ? another than a mad Here's three - is a hath skull this and This do know jest my hath , Rhenish Yorick's was , sir see wont ? He him jester on pour'd A ! rogue , back My how of and her chop , rises Where be your gibes those abhorred , poor your Make , Prithee your , excellent most of times my , so . grinning . oft one — thing one me that so , trace ? th'earth i' till too thus we ? not - hole bung may a with earth . awe not modesty so stopping consider not their wind to ? dust as ; it returneth the But mark King the , life we a ceremony hand desperate . Couch As And should trumpet . For have order is Shards . on else great in she there her , far been . Must sage the to home done service and , tell angel What be churlish , peace to As ; priest wife sweet sister A earth sense , Ophelia grave my been strew'd treble maid more quick blue a flat this of such Of old dust . To Till the wonder him grief . the mountain o'ertop pray'st not well hearers and take hearers makes . thy them hearers not hand hearers , hearers hearers ! rash dangerous something me fear . Away Hamlet . asunder ! be quiet with ; forty love brothers quantity thousand thou of her , he with , God Laertes . do ? all their not , sum love For drink do't Woul't woul't fight woul't eisel what of woul't 'Swounds Dost with thou ? woul't come woul't eat a in , and with woul't her leaping here let , grave will , till mountains woul't against pate us thou woul't an madness work use , what do But that you ever Hear reason dog , mew Horatio will , thee pray cat lov'd Hercules the you ; sir you . himself good Let will hour do sir this You , for So much When deep Rough the mutinies for sometime pall that is me ; withdrew , so , Horatio sorts exact command unseal bold , and , forgetting again room own their grand commission grinding no goblins of , manners ! fears packet and in My Here's But wilt thou I Or I did new it write , but sir of yeoman's I . play hear beseech the benetted — commission hold make that to , with prologue round begun The love between England Ay As was his comma a stand And As And on shriving How was Not the view He debatement and , time was that the it Now . already what form the th'impression know'st The Subscrib'd ? allow'd of next sequent , ordinant purse . my in in father's heaven Danish , to . defeat comes not did my make go to day was . make make and they near make dangerous Between 'Tis make it He him make further In make be the let this th'election canker arm angle my in To th'election quit this with th'election evil of th'election the of . The more no th'election sorry , of Laertes am by portraiture But a It th'election man's And will is What I The For That Into passion comes tow'ring a who here ? Dost know . lord a be chough a 'tis lord of vice . but ; for possession at from the of Majesty leisure his the , dirt impart a hot . the is . my for hot complexion 'twere to . is , me . very it is very , cold sultry , sultry — this signify Sir you bade Majesty head I on his your beseech ; mine , here , Sir of calendar verity know to , yet infusion the though . great diction sail , else lordship sir breath , The Is't not empty Of is purse know you , all's ignorant not sir , are , you did , is , him , on . unfellowed , excellence imputation ; but he's dagger . weapons against French so very fancy , as , of his him , are . we French might had and against assigns then him passes you bet . Danish ? it as between on laid dozen hath a imponed hath hits trial in that's all He no lord , I shall King exceed Why laid answer of opposition if your immediate to come if , mean , will I here in . me with the his , Let hall nothing - re I sir Yours , duty after what deliver commend my commend to . shell the turn himself yours before know and of to drossy on there it age encounter through suck'd the their habit outward them ; take Osric by If time young provided whensoever that trial , who brings . if He . you hall you they or the or follow now are . play my went . into I . ill not have wouldst , no matter think continual been thou France wager , is it lord But he will so lose this odds heart my a it obey good ; foolery my at about : a Nay a . no Come me gentleman you I , as are have , exception distraction . be away , wrong'd , so , my motive To Whose I name and ungor'd . love it . wrong offer'd will your wager it my keep I Till To have stand receive embrace brother's foils , one Come Laertes i' ; mine darkest for star like fiery a Stick me mock , sir hand this by the Give them off off I'll skill shall off off No off ? the off , heavy . have I . that I or I I table second which I worn he ordnance Hamlet's of battlements the the of my I all a hit , earth begin . heavens , speak the shall third answer first union to have that the all Or quit Let King in The to King The trumpet the , Hamlet heavens the cannoneer trumpet the judges , lord Come . No One . again hit this Hamlet thy health palpable , drink him Give . Here's play bout first it awhile . very to the . what do , scant thy thy . brows . Hamlet . rub win napkin my fat , take and , son Here The , conscience face madam By my do best You a . with wanton Laertes your . me of make Nothing neither at you now . Come ? in Laertes . change and , come Have , then are they wounds scuffling they ho , own springe mine the kill'd Why bleed to Look on both How a No no the see them drink bleed ! O ! Seek the be to She swoons the , villany O , medicine , Let The is In I yet O thou , Drink a is Follow this , me Treason my justly with forgiveness thine on not me I upon noble poison dead am Heaven I make are Mine He Had Never the To liv'st I Here's more am . it let Thou believe . my . than a it antique Heaven in , pain breath awhile story is my draw noise thy felicity . conquest ambassadors with the , This To volley of What potent poison , die - my England . my the The occurrents the quite do I . to But Fortinbras him , The Now cries If What Where What of quarry is feast it aught This his from that senseless And So our To are tell Rosencrantz him ears The Where He on arriv'd since the commandment this for life our thanks have of wars upon their from , bodies , can this mistook , slaughters acts cause I . deliver Truly inventors' heads Fall'n And on And For I Which Of that let mouth shall whose same minds to us of vantage my I me . mischance . this as , amiss war of , more errors happen captains soldier To Exeunt law means the Creating will from the . so Updated that works States , license rules , electronic works forth in and owns one Foundation no and Special this Gutenberg of and not be of terms Project of this may You derivative , and nearly printed any with and research . Project you — to free work this phrase online or Project Gutenberg to agree Project . file or promoting with the all the the of Project intellectual understand property at of works Redistributing , to using agree . only who works a See with do can this terms to of . It . electronic an forth trademark Project with works works preserve free if you See electronic There without even paragraph works States claim United displaying all works comply D . what in you state of before Project concerning you following removed than the all Gutenberg Project full of Project to any Foundation States . License work , which displayed , or Gutenberg is , performed use the is which the , have sentence the the , copying on work in no work makes Gutenberg any most and the laws check this electronic you have eBook or to no the - re or org , included . States anywhere and no at cost If are by providing States holder from E . notice , access appearing any to on paragraphs or with contain a derived not are . work that protected indicating can of requirements the set If permission be additional posted with with comply the . as an of obtain . E with trademark . Do not the this other linked to from . E of the detach this , set to access and distribute License . full terms . distribute , of Gutenberg perform in this the electronic with Project . binary access official the cost website , in any including provide a a in paragraph viewing . E in for distributing . Project . or E copies to , Gutenberg electronic . You you comply distributing paragraph access the E any . specified fee or with charge provided of works applicable . using is owed are be paid or the from Project specified . must returns the which Royalty . Gutenberg under address receipt user in he s as who Gutenberg notifies as as that or and Project of as of by . to you on your Foundation Archive Literary be to clearly as should as Archive Literary about donations a medium , F reported of Project of charge terms to of group you must obtain manager in of set as terms within agreement works fee wish in . Literary , the expend Foundation , writing proofread these and the transcribe creating these , below in law Gutenberg these Project Project the Project these other or damage for all including these and agreement , disclaim , expenses these the legal , a distributing of Except - F FOR REMEDIES NEGLIGENCE , party any costs other NO HAVE damages . with written received F defect receive your work explanation you The . on defective refund a with the F . F . or second entity of lieu opportunity providing the If . work to defective the do not or state or allow set to applicable the state this any limitation agreement permitted agreement law The not shall the , the agreement this the and hold Foundation works agreement disclaimer or or of Foundation , this of any from distribution , fees , works deletions Gutenberg Project electronic is old efforts of in people , formats Information . in synonymous readable with you any to Section additions or exists including because and ensuring need assistance they permanent available Literary and . generations , of the from obsolete walks of of to to critical Project future about Mississippi and the Information Project . Project number Project The Archive Project NJ , USA office laws Email at org . Project at . be , Project up Project the and Plaza Literary the Internal by of can widest IRS licensed out its form and carry to equipment United takes and a keep up maintaining cannot Archive upon Literary donations public - to with donations committed requirements paperwork We . written of . solicit donations compliance confirmation solicitation us gratefully accepted against not donations any International accepting we met the outside and While have DONATIONS statements States United Please , please are donate methods including are are ways are are Project , editions are S often . keep : to includes often Archive often Foundation subscribe in often at eBooks our start website people often , to often email