? and unfold . Stand Stand the Stand carefully He Barnardo King live Long Stand 'Tis Stand Stand Stand You sick thanks much If you watch meet good and , Horatio , there is Who . haste , my . Barnardo Holla what , piece place you who hath - good nothing this hold take says , What this to watch if the minutes this again I entreated , of . us of night , our against fortified once two we That are sit hear us , Well And Had now it , a scholar same Thou Looks it like It like Question that thou with this time of charge buried and fair , to Horatio Denmark I heaven the which ? that majesty . away . thee I stalks ! You will look . speak pale ? avouch this ? King had : he Norway art Of when in armour very sledded the in and hath at by to , the thou to once thyself th'ambitious he an . angry he he When smote Thus , now And such And So Why nightly such divide Does can that from daily and me of whose sweaty the . task ; sore the this with most tell the , sit this Good why mart night , impress same the war week , land of , inform Sunday the of for the At make What least Whose as the on a competent , compact his conqueror Fortinbras which ; inheritance ; our To he fell His Had Hath in Hamlet to Of the list of a of to and the same cov'nant Fortinbras ; there I unto appear , is some resolutes , those , of compulsatory lost our haste - be I it post Is So That hath As terms father to it In A it is through it may Well this The main watch sort rummage , no this and head . stands fates omen precurse Neptune's and state Roman with preceding prologue heaven like to sun the with squeak the As The graves in the tenantless of trains and stars in But I'll If cross there Speak , me where countrymen use of , comes it the still earth , it behold any hast , blast Lo sound good me voice , country's thy to do speak For speak , if will speak here speak speak 'Tis speak ? gone show air vain offer , the the malicious , of cock being 'Tis it mockery crew thing sounding to trumpet and spirit probation herein or the about our And then that The And The are so , witch nor wholesome dawning object and day of erring of made ever that bird Wherein Some fairy takes they , nights have I heard hath is in and what we up watch impart young Let dumb we spirit Break Walks But o'er the morn do mantle advice life with ? to tonight my , morning conveniently duty our this kingdom brother's us queen on think of wisest to auspicious as Therefore we in With , jointress sometime one , hath one , with this Your follows , mirth With , and remembrance sister 'twere with in freely have all young brother's , advantage of thanks Fortinbras dear dream fail'd with to by this pester of worth dropping , of , of : much bonds out and disjoint to , we for meeting writ , to , Fortinbras suppress the in ; bed business impotent , our by Lost his valiant uncle that are here , old personal , you of lists The Norway his full : purpose rid nephew's made , duty with , Laertes our . commend than you greeting this good , You bearers to , to Norway articles show we , asking Laertes heart the thy father . Polonius ? father's bend confess must them He , from me wrung my ; you do Take And I his my bow thoughts My And I laboursome Upon fair best more my Hamlet And so Passing madam let Good alone my inky is the windy ! Nay , customary nor dejected , river of moods haviour . These indeed of grief , black good know . bound persevere some lost for But and a father nature father grief heaven impatient and unschool'd is the most in heaven , a simple heart unfortified impious In It shows what As Of any A it Why heart absurd , most should reason fathers first be This must From 'This in is with most less dearest retrograde and cousin lose the It In beseech impart going we I Let chiefest courtier , cheer thy not thee shall Sits But And earthly thunder that this resolve itself O into had fix'd God garden ! O a slaughter , the all stale flat unprofitable ! of and should 'tis an God and this unweeded so was to loving that rank much to in , dew fie seed merely I two it on't Fie That excellent a ; to mother heaven earth and , come beteem ? if remember her Must With little think it fed on't month , or — of even a those Frailty . longer beast tears she ! which not , all God Niobe have father's Than She It break is . heart Hail , Horatio And I The what make from Marcellus good I And , am , My We'll I , But Against Nor it is , do truster know in you your that your my of to to you teach To , what affair it upon , day funeral marriage see . heaven , see Horatio dearest I Horatio see eye ? that my , see . father bak'd lord my see Where methinks furnish , Or ever saw was see I shall once my My , look him upon ? I for a Saw the father ! my King in all take lord till to while had these . gentlemen their , the like your father , night , on - solemn by and and of whilst him to impart act kept . fear distill'd walk'd march eyes , This did night deliver'd the not speak with made your I , knew more not where word third are comes apparition Did My upon These But made , Itself It But sound the like it you platform the none lord , we none not lifted none As I we know you none this it . me troubles . none , none none our , honour'd you We Hold , O yes , red . in ? very his constantly , Nay much tell Stay'd amaz'd been there upon BARNARDO . a hundred . with was His when grizzled seen as , Let If me to , peace in it warrant watch tonight hell itself father's will . still tongue twelve . honour you your to farewell come men's ! eyes rise , sit doubt My I Though , in doubt from that do , are is let me and it you ? favour , nature and youth toy a trifling the Hold For Grows And virtue greatness wide nature The In His he is fits voice of , will weigh'd himself of It As May To , main wisdom and the Unto he head so far to and Denmark of saying Whereof And with his in shot and rear deed if Then his you , place it your act is , your what weigh the give If Or she before their the unmask the fear it my sister desire of buttons and are liquid disclos'd strokes canker The Virtue As watchman not me Show Whilst Himself And . stay . I . But here a upon . blessing Aboard you . your comes father . my a is , double not ; for memory shame . vulgar tried tongue , steel with but and , dull hatch'd ear but fancy ; thy censure , oft reserve few , but adoption quarrel , with beware purse rich proclaims and both itself thine as , not the self be ; remember Farewell , your lord . own to false season servants , leave ; my . it of ? Hamlet . my in 'Tis me very : said to the Lord , me on put hath to as ; and I so 'tis so clearly — tell . you late — not you Give me up the tenders many me to late . truth , a circumstance yourself think you these for call perilous like , teach thus not you — I do it My honourable tender me the more true a baby pay ; think to , of vows holy call almost to the woodcocks . I , these fashion Ay Ay And You must their light than how , fire your ; speech blazes , this making walk brokers young Lord is ; their him in to parley you . and pious bawds all for , suits implorators This investments they of . with ways Hamlet leisure forth Ophelia are , this his like to , As Breathing better for is beguile But of that dye from , the talk words give Have The slander obey shall my , lord moment you ; is eager ? now an and shrewdly bites not think It air The a nipping Keeps does - this his triumph kettle a it Is and his custom , honour'd east a , here . bray his reels , it Soil our More From This in headed revel the other swinish takes men attribute . with of tax'd They achievements drunkards , traduc'd us our mole vicious some their addition pith Oft By their the The substance blasts or from , hell , damn'd shape charitable or wicked thee will , speak thy to in such a . Dane in O I'll heaven it ! grace of ministers my health defend questionable or goblin , Hamlet thee , bones ; quietly again of glimpses ! again to the hideous , dead Revisit'st Making It Wherefore With thou Wherefore night So Wherefore the Wherefore go ? this thoughts Wherefore Say Wherefore Wherefore what you away with alone . impartment Wherefore a courteous To Look to no will I . No , by follow it the at what thing toward some there beetles And for not my , forth the base ? of my lord Think every the . it the into form , reason , go thee still roar many very looks so more That The it , motive follow , go your lord not . hands , shall Hold off I'll each Unhand ghost of Go on ; As And makes thee follow . not in the state of . let's Nay Heaven direct issue obey , imagination to Speak will wilt go What when to shalt hear blood , night of - word , unnatural List thy O of Revenge his shouldst itself stir , in in thou , best unnatural Hamlet my my noble father's thou of sleeping forged but did that a ; me ease on Now the crown soul ! Mine wit , and his prophetic uncle that With wicked wit incestuous , serpent A by Rankly The gifts the virtuous falling a most seeming love hand went to lewdness in ; the vow decline , queen was his to whose virtue it a radiant shape it marriage — won . lust shameful gifts never angel garbage celestial bed link'd of of always of the the Sleeping I itself wretch , a heaven my hour afternoon vial did whose in within thy crust , and . once sin unanel'd account my smooth . head my : smooth smooth dispatch'd horrible it be smooth contrive her smooth smooth crown , of queen at , my Denmark , my else ! O adieu . What ; holds while . globe ghost poor Ay hell But bear , host ? heaven me thou , And shall all O of And you , away , and forms all Yea In my sinews up grow . Remember ? a memory of fond past . my in HORATIO , there lord MARCELLUS to remember . lord Denmark villain ! so be may it sure are , Now ; my him . it , come ? lord , Within Heaven ho So , ho , it , lord reveal it ? think an villain and be heaven But ne'er Ay say HORATIO heart he's lord this at all and shake more we desire that hands the , my dwelling , all . lord Denmark right . the from ; part point desire part , is but Touching too by honest offence an And For are as you Yes known your desire . one lord you and As is It O'ermaster't What I In Nor faith , my my my , Cries Art in . truepenny to Propose ? hands Then upon sword heard by of lay to And my . Beneath ! Swear Canst ! worthy , mole Well , A And , are , said , O more therefore stranger th'earth stranger i' but a , in as day stranger is it earth me seeing 'We stranger out , to note to , not stranger this most your : and phrase if and do you stranger , help would' think disposition or or know' Or we to speak' , thus an , some could 'There of ; of aught ambiguous me list such . commend Let set to is ever joint born , do do That , shall t'express With do And still The Nay do time your lack love a Hamlet as man do fingers out money do , marvellous do wisely lord to him visit his Of You , notes these , you , drift , what expense and in Look Danskers means , said Marry how me That Take As in By this particular some his knowledge more nearer . of and mark lord you friends Reynaldo , may , ' mean there very say and wild , none put , son demands 'I , well , my if't in part , 'twere him' Ay you known my and , and rank ; on so ; that of usual slips ? most far , charge the dishonour would may to on him him ; faults of another meaning That must , You That my But liberty fiery general And , these slight a thing Your party ever converse Having ' According Of man good with ; or 'friend or country What sir then was about to of breathe in guilty , addition to . ' and ' ay day t'other , the in 'friend 'closes did , as you now ; truth — you perchance sale' , bias reach , well . lord ply my yourself , the , lord name in sewing of God chamber , unbrac'd ankle ? foul'd his knocking knees his , piteous before hell To speak As And with , head was gyved so his with as look horrors down , Hamlet upon his , each ? hard his his me held of thus to he with And Then He would by me What he said but know My last thrice rais'd seem piteous his profound and , done shatter waving all arm brow hand the He goes At He it did a his . lets of head sigh to over his he last doors the . love go go me their turn'd all his end Come , with is . late words heaven . sorry , you and but any as our No I , I am must be To dear Rosencrantz , Welcome This lack to hide hasty Of The th'exterior it that we sending Moreover Our Since nor transformation . that th'understanding , of I to rest by you unknown our afflicts within lies us occasion will good us of profit receive time such . our thanks , him . and presence our Pleasant still my good . I as ? lord my I I I And O speak The of He Thyself His I Well , shall no and our marriage , suppress ; to the 'gainst into a be To His Most Say , first , our ! greetings , my what Welcome fair Upon our look'd his against in from ; falsely Receives Fortinbras before his overcome employ to , herein against thousand , crowns shown , Polack the enterprise this give further those annual in and with joy Majesty never your in against commission an it our Meantime Answer As such set and might your So levied That Through more consider'd upon well - together ended to , day and is night time is night night of . is , night : labour took night . night wit , night time what , soul and , Your expostulate night be madam majesty Your day tediousness I Your Your Mad Your it For Your a remains in have Or farewell mad , That let we rather say find this Who , phrase but ill me , her this from idol soul's and , daughter I and an That's To celestial the Hath my Now hear is — Ophelia a art not , best this . I . doth sun to these best dear ill I But I hath my whilst O , at Doubt that , But . Good madam Ophelia dear in given how Thine obedience most more out All to , solicitings have love is to and , machine most above of seen might me love time But love I what and faithful think book , what or table here told daughter play'd a this sight , you , went , tell hot , you , might the wing , advice make his precepts then thus messengers repulsed , took a the , watch a she ' a ? No , winking heart love , prince mistress I with I , Admit done must That Fell Into very , think you , weakness this , now 'tis And That , that , he , into a otherwise this I prov'd that Not it positively have When been It I Hath may be . know fain , said otherwise me if the , were further hid How may Where such Be Mark At And not be We it no keep farm his If behind I encounter board a where look I do , him Away presently Well Excellent well Do . know You a good picked kissing being , he Friend my a , dog — my , true very sun you For I but daughter . not , conceive said . I . harping fishmonger on do my is far ; lord grey thick I a they slave you For satirical mean . honesty sir have not the and which the their sir yourself you potently with What , gum believe plum - Between who matter that , have it if most lack old have and crab . lord my , air grave . I pregnant — sometimes his in't method is there yet o' means I withal suddenly , replies lord my except sir , life to except meeting humbly between my me , you Fare , part life more I will willingly there . sir ! Ah , the the children , indifferent the . lads My lord ! honoured dear thou do earth of how How Rosencrantz good excellent in cap are dost friends Then secret None the about her live you of my ? Fortune , doomsday Then my that Denmark's is the , many o' are one not there it a prison nothing . lord is too myself a king the of . quality substance . your mind count dream a is of itself but reason GUILDENSTERN attended at . my of most make thank you Were I ; other a dear in free but what am I with occasion no , you sort honest am with in To conjure me our youth more let of by or direct you for and what , me consonancy But what by even be an , so know indeed ; wherefore I and goodly of late your , majestical , roof the other , work of form What faculties no excellent frame canopy the ; lord King I and , it goes lost air this in angel paragon the of animals My did my shall players laugh there , you if , I delight We not from mind shall they , in man , delights not what welcome Lenten way shall target end tickle the ? welcome both of welcome reputation and welcome welcome late welcome in of when did they , travel profit think Do , of How their endeavour children are rapiers berattle and they , are afterwards like , if most make their if themselves the themselves tarre been themselves do . There was themselves ? throwing much has themselves been question the possible carry themselves , Ay that O , would fifty not is make there very , hundred strange ducats my in mouths at they out out is Gentlemen out . out but mad appurtenance out are to fashion my lest welcome are more to out players Your . the There extent . hands with tell yours are - players than me I . deceived . You mother ? wind southerly know the is I That . You indeed Rome Mark swaddling . so it players . for each an is a . clouts out yet not comes he , right will prophesy are Upon come , my buzz - men , comedy or . thou , history , only too tragical individable , tragedy his . ass honour actor — light treasure . and be comical pastoral historical . the in - the What . 'One right not . I Aside had lord no , more a daughter I . well . love my that , most , look For . you . I . pious not . it , God was lord show comes lady gold uncurrent ! last you and of all piece welcome . Come speech be to't . passionate . falconers the give , Come Pray God . fly ? my , but , the speech a me once We'll Com'st By'r good , have the a cracked within . in me of ladyship your chopine not e'en We'll a quality What , as it remember top no fine . method that in the might wholesome it your in speech One honest than handsome called there one thee , play . matter of loved much 'Twas where The as lay this couched , and total mothers gules dismal . black the did begins me me fire sons smear'd , trick'd , he whose he it : purpose in the night arms Pyrrhus with more dread sable , with , Anon short at he finds antique accent seeks , in wrath gore it , Unequal rage strikes wide ; Priam to my God with Seeming Pyrrhus at his Rebellious , Striking to Pyrrhus' . drives Stoops the whiff , with senseless sword crash his to flaming blow But feel Takes And rend bold as Of So On Doth silence we the as region ; the Cyclops' a so sets never Mars's less general bowl the too with is round the out , In With forg'd , armour Out all Break for the . or . he good ? is head queen' down stood in her the bisson rheum . 'Mobled threat'ning upon o'erteemed tongue gods the Fortune's seen had With Run this , lank About where have turn'd you not colour more Do of the bestowed abstracts you thee well well After will . I'll have things with instant will report have you better Use 'scape whipping more , My much ? deserve the , they should less him , Come is in every them while a sirs We'll Can my hear a . play Murder Gonzago of . friends , need insert a study not . would would I'll to would good friends lord my You would welcome are lord , Good this I ! would would you alone am am player conceit passion in's , his wan'd ; free of amaze , of a A Confound faculties unpregnant No dreams muddy was property the he ? and eyes and appal general the motive He cleave the the very I guilty with indeed stage horrid . this , th' ? rascal , and mettled not dear life a for Yet I , in my i' pate I Am . breaks it me for and lack : it ? should take liver'd pigeon make am Who oppression all Bloody kindless bawdy ere or , bitter To With Remorseless this I slave's have fatted lecherous vengeance Oh , offal ! I is brave , words , I'll grounds I'll thing . King I'll I'll I'll spirits I'll that spirit devil and power seen . damn than me As Abuses to very is Wherein confess With He he all harshly and turbulent what do he by distracted means no sounded , him your most they kind are 'Tis night think . did on it there it of raught to any him out I so And To To all And To gentlemen ; With That may bestow and ourselves his of , encounter that espials lawful for by their myself suffers your Of And for That your good to his your both I may . book this on colour in devotion's o'er blame , with oft an . Gracious — of prov'd are We , we O 'tis thing give too with the burden O not my is smart How The hear Is Than 'tis or Or To be The Whether deed my painted . is mind to : outrageous sea die of fortune , time , come there's the to thousand 'tis To shuffled sleep in When we that of . so There's long man's may death off ay — dreams of the , proud and office would his takes make , bear fardels life ills not of us great the native with regard of ! name the fair The And this o'er lose Be I lord for That My you , not I for I , longed for gave never No , them for with And does for you thank have for know aught for you rich for their , well breath lost discourse no admit your ? should your honesty ? your , Are you your beauty truly stock your , we my your more me I a love you shall You thee to not it ambitious , with more not borne could relish , did lord Indeed were . arrant such imagination ; but me . me sinners ? old proud have time between us . father he play of crawling my at deceived . and to such than beck be accuse none , believe give thy earth lord . all knaves home , my At doors him , men know : as O a wise pure give dost go well , nunnery nunnery powers , another creatures . shall rest no ; the no God's Those as they are hath made God him restore , yourselves , scholar's fashion , glass all rose noble it on't , and nickname marriages . mad . but ! down wretched , sword , the mould fair harsh , his observers jangled honey ladies out of feature , way form something in a out out little , tend out his , out out soul , brood madness doubt set This something variable objects matter beating I believe thus him puts his in shall expel , But and neglected commencement yet do of How his grief Ophelia in with him please as , be all . him be confine or If him think . where unwatch'd Madness not I as as . all many , I you my use gently for you to do , I the air torrent acquire discretion be , mirror nature the your . whose as her hold of purpose o'erstep and from you to , word not Suit , that the his it own was the ; the own , Now the image laugh which O . of the others censure of praise unskilful the , accent have imitated that , the heard , and , thought it set . And on villainous uses , quantity shows you Go make ? piece and lord . presently haste . Horatio What . service e'en . withal just as think Nay For what may flatter good thy revenue ? the candied thee no O do not my dear thou my e'er art hope should Why , fawning To fawning feed fawning No Where fawning fawning In my One fawning I , when with the very Something . play of ay , a what passion's core thee is do heart's There As Which I his one as have are him heedful his my , theft is pay this will . must , place King . play . others I Well steal detecting aught And If , with fares the of - now Danish They Excellent nothing have No nor promise ; our chameleon's you I capons dish : mine i' once play'd good calf patience Brutus . there . Capitol kill kill . sit Be kill kill . your kill . kill mark you metal O shall Do That's my lord be father but do ? should my cheerfully jig only your , my lord a maker Who , I and my man What died two ? suit a lord half life , my have a whose for year he whose a fellow and , whose upon him unto leaves King or whose the poison is four pours neck . Lays whose . suffer whose O ' forgot is lovingly him of the down in King's , dead in Anon show her it , Poisoner The Queen this the imports show We woos seeming with her . She his body , mallecho but in mallecho mallecho . mallecho , mallecho . mallecho ? of posy lord or naught stooping As brief love cart orbed with borrow'd ground , our sheen round , must : you is fear are fear ; former love ere you , woe , fear neither women's In my my And None Wormwood the second wed base , wormwood , poor , Of Which now But unshaken violent is we think husband kill my husband dead of memory speak they 'tis A Purpose I what believe but like necessary we purpose lose , is the either enactures ending ourselves what in doth violence to What The for down aye And poor shall in not hitherto aye fortune a , revels question aye aye , with grief aye not loves advanc'd , left , or aye favourite friends on fortune of mark aye enemies tend : lack enemy begun contrary doth a hollow a , to But Both To Nor If would that and Each what once Ophelia Meet My tedious dull To deeply how Madam The , never you between mischance rock thy And heard but jest , Marry they murder 'tis Vienna ; that a have and anon see shall is one chorus nephew a good , Lucianus you You wince free : but us o' of : Let . not his wife Baptista image what , This . name are unwrung . King off . damnable . take to you Still husbands , Thoughts black Thy Hecate's estate for's . in gets , He , th'garden him fire rises . some Give o'er All . sleep if , dear forest on rest my forest forest of ? sir forest I Damon reigns forest forest Didst . O here , the him likes some , Come if king some of well Upon talk well very I music . it music the belike , a Good Your to ; retirement , sir distempered him rather richer with what more , my lord No wisdom my Good doctor my put my show lord , my your discourse wildly from into my tame most my . sir sent hath you welcome my my pardon is not . of shall cannot lord ? What command but Make Therefore you shall : can Then make , you more no O She . you further Have go in mother's admiration But My . the wonderful obey desires you of to griefs your bar ere any us love . you stealers surely . and pickers me your friend for himself the . You ? your advancement in grows — me my understand be as duty — the Denmark To withdraw the bold too . I cannot lord , succession you Will is too , lord cannot Believe well : no do , your you , any of . a to these lowest ; my excellent , play sir me 'Sblood . Call . Call . you Call ? Call a indeed shape camel Call weasel . weasel Call like whale a like is mass Methinks it a by They . a Or I will . mother . friends time breathes hot day the hell could business nature thy cruel never seals my tongue of not . as to my enter blood , enter . enter enter us . enter enter Therefore forthwith stands safe with prepare it To like let And The the all itself strength and live That That it the huge and King we , with . ruin a , too fear this . groan speedy . it I lord my upon't I not as can my smells know go well a it than , partial you you ere , And O hath A Though rank , Pray ! I as It the murder be inclination like stronger defeats to man What a pause it be is pardon'd be the corrupted pardon'd of this by wicked prize my and the murder , world lies ; itself so action ambition ambition ambition ambition , ambition steel , ambition well be so goes he That would for father this . do't I my , broad father is hire be is that , send . revenge reveng'd soul horrid : heaven , hent his damn'd kick salvation about ; asleep and and , sword At 'Tis he is he in drunk thou or his bed , and at , thy be heels of may goes rises up fly The but may stays advances that , his , it prolongs him straight . Grace . words between . to stood me silence him with him , mother , hear I'll Within Now mother hast thy offended ? coming . tongue tongue , question answer you Go Come you Nay , I'll set it the , No by were Queen , would not Help , help What wilt What . Behind . Nay ? help ! for am ? rat now Dead How deed king Almost Is thou O as A As as as kill lady , 'twas a marry kill As , wretched of damned it as be proof custom wring Thou a as . took find'st me If Leave And as done noise In as of What of forehead , there . Makes of deed a O an of off blush takes of hypocrite the of That the From As of rhapsody Ay ? thunders act at as . body false very Yea tristful visage solidity Heaven's The A As With this words Hyperion's An New Where combination did heaven and A god your Here This is , Look world on Would from call the this Blasting Could batten - could Is sense Nor The But That , What of would motion for judgement ? this blood at to leave ! for Ha have you ? age your humble , that sense not was difference eyes without Or so mope Ears hands hath cozen'd such feeling without but Could To the itself will as ardour actively , eyes such leave live and black . love , enseamed but Nay Over the As sweat , me no more Hamlet sweet enter more like speak the to daggers a twentieth vice and empire his the in No and me A put it more the cutpurse your Of A a shelf . figure wings What hover king he's your mad . gracious to purpose sits her fighting , by lets command , chide go do your wildly hold on , flame . in end Whereon look do eyes and the cool form Your on On Would Lest them cause an like life you look convert to . blood there , you this . hear ? perchance at out look ! goes even now creation your ecstasy cunning very bodiless Is My This is Ecstasy as as have matter the skin , all place . is to my good beg , virtue weeds times the to pursy do twain . it . Confess rank corruption yourself what compost good it . other of half leave cleft worser to mine heart , and or , easy throw Refrain frock yet stamp be this same For , pleas'd to , out ; livery easiness nature lord or of more of kind The the devil are desirous . potency bles'd night , kind , will and scourge and , hath and good you , bed mouse kisses him let you know : his reechy again do bid you damn'd tempt cheek your in paddling Pinch wanton let But And try birds To Be must I What forgot . will my , and I trust knavery sport petard his I at But When And in This lug good , I'll most most foolish secret and most you . grave mines . heaves them ? what , contend lawless when In something rat hearing sea and mightier . And rapier this heavy deed we there . all had , with is liberty had Alas Should Even It To His mad This itself O Gertrude sun The no with , Friends both Hamlet hath with madness mother's him from his in , join . our you excuse the away ! shall , mountains vile skill deed and , closet call pray hath fair up wisest to friends do name our his so in slander , Hamlet and stowed Lord . GUILDENSTERN ? Hamlet ! dead the , O lord on Within , that it , we the Do bear it . own ? king to ? my lord made . the not and replication , 'tis to mine a should not believe what sponge King have service in his , King's corner needs the the the in I lord is with Of of A the body the a Hide with speech is but and where , lord thing my . to and that put dangerous sent him find the body ! to . before your ? Where ? At at , where all are he Not politic fat king creatures fat but your to man worm that Alas table but to What a thou of Nothing heaven to a you Where yourself you . seek within month shall th'other thither , see is your . If go . him seek lobby some will this thine especial — if you messenger But as you , Go come do hast ready is fiery , dearly — help thyself everything England and Therefore . for , and must the For prepare wind is ? Hamlet , our . Good thou . father for ; man man him , Away not at him . Follow Delay leans , power thereof if England love cicatrice sword , process Our After great yet , my else for ; thy looks which , license conveyance . know a Danish Fortinbras king . the in his with eye so lord . my us the greet Go powers do't , whose Good I will Go And softly some Who , are They sir are Norway , of part , Poland Norway commands , sir them of sir addition Poland Fortinbras it in the it . name not the . defend ducats straw without and ? and little me , a and is of What market and dull and made feed ? gave and us not be and — part know scruple th'event , say parts , to , and do , exhort earth gross will cause such , to Examples army live oblivion capability That Sith Witness have ever do't And thought which I Led spirit Whose by a is , with and divine at what mouths Makes To all that to greatly eggshell stake for Even That Whereon That thoughts slain ? be not the their graves is death imminent bloody her indeed distract pitied have , speaks things ; father , sense Yet the . it of unshaped half up to ; and nods fit , there much and , may unhappily their own be she for her - breeding minds is strew . thought aim they . words winks her as , Indeed To Each my soul itself spills How is toy seems prologue to some . be fearing spilt this shoon what song . gone green stone heels , dead ? should Alas From hat , lady Say you , mark . here Alas to bewept all the with love look Larded With grave showers ; lord ! God , what we Tomorrow her may be . baker's not at they , ask . you morning your , what you . his door that departed Never Let up , Indeed By men Alack Gis and , Cock do't you to by . to't on't . choose My . my promis'd , are to come . patient good you . Come I night good . single not they poison grief , deep her death . of , come is ; this sorrows All When in But O battalions your unwholesome death - For In Thick hugger Divided Her Without , And Last the from her containing as or fair mere all from come to of wonder as we pictures these , in himself of our my . to and necessity a murdering O dear death superfluous noise what Switzers . lord him haste list the them door , head , they false , Laertes . king be call rabble , props every now not begin ' trail to known but were custom shall applaud ! king on the is cheerfully The O How doors The and , Caps be shall is let's come in . stand give we , without , vile ; harlot brow proclaims thou king me the unsmirched is go That Acts That Let Of rebellion . to — Let him me , Laertes , is But not Dead Where Speak . man Do . fear not him be . him and Conscience grace , To only my comes worlds , what the To Let That to give profoundest the I . father blackest ! devil with , reveng'd be I'll little with Laertes know the so writ is't enemies then ? friend and for Good to draw loser you them father's you desire That Winner will both and foe , you my - rendering . pelican . judgement I'll ope gentleman for eye . 'pear true speak father's it , death of level sensibly to ? your does to ! out scale the heat Within now my brains What noise come in that is virtue , love mortal sends It him bore grave nonny — bier ! itself hey tear persuade a . O - false steward ' ! a didst and the call It thy Hadst thou and down master's his than him thus wits and a and becomes it ! down and - for that's This A and rosemary There's , madness . my is all , Robin sweet passion to . prettiness joy died say They you some here's must . father , hell my come he , will he And affliction not to favour His He you Do of shall Make Or And you , whom right see , mercy pray ha' God I souls must God , us call give hand you soul , your content lend satisfaction content crown touch'd , Go friends 'twixt by nor be to Cry And means you To No No trophy noble , so ; obscure burial bones — earth . heaven ostentation , heard sword , with me that pray th'offence where is . they Let bless God greeted know say would in letters speak have . thee you not part of Lord , be . we were name sir . Hamlet too , as I him bless was . for a . these Ere a they gave us , give him the prisoner On They I have sent I too England am will fellows thine . are they I fly bring thee have to , me letters your Guildenstern Guildenstern . they death Guildenstern thou make Guildenstern These dumb thee Guildenstern good Guildenstern , Guildenstern else , knowing for a with your acquittance my father slain noble and ear , mother , which go motive , not bear him his , his unsinew'd , my again . again a that wood general count love the dipping the the gyves have A Convert like to spring that timber'd reverted for his Break . driven I think . the Hamlet ? them ; I He receiv'd them , What news Majesty From given hear . Queen saw . am them . on When my I ? naked them us shall I thereunto to shall him Of mighty , he 'Tis mean and sudden asking leave and the your you the no the 'Naked abuse Are all hand the character here me the But my . and very my tell the by ? Laertes How rul'd the the , sickness thou . be so live so lord to now me Ay will should be be my me be and I in he return'd choose my breathe . uncharge accident mother his for the even which And his lord if you been It I rather have You I might right , such that pluck , be devise . regard parts of from . youth lord my , and not Yet and youth cap riband Importing , and his gentleman serv'd , and he graveness unto brought , graveness , since weeds it of no . Normandy graveness graveness of demi shapes graveness short beast So Norman A I That graveness . thought tricks . indeed brooch . same very He . the . nation eye report him play his envy do to this with — wish , nothing coming That Your Now , of this Or are , But Not And nothing of kind A wick is or And this easing More cut , place praise fame chamber home good your , fine , together practice . will purpose that And So Under unction an no all simples save can that death I I'll the thing . fail performance me dry end him , prepar'd and hot that I'll there venom'd Queen escape may tread Your sister's drown'd another's upon O . a is his with hoary willow ! That fast So doth woe One Drown'd follow There liberal cold on weeping like she that that the poor her wretch , she To then ; forbid I of therefore is shame Let I have , calm ; it fain that give Therefore follow will follow Gertrude to in be is and she herself so 'tis , Why cannot it , act hear wittingly water the , but wittingly , se , himself not , Argal . not he drown , if water and this drowns Will you should ha' Why even countenance ditchers in there Christian , art says Scripture What question to , heathen thee that to stronger ; good than those faith to well , well does , gallows It thy maker , well in , is , do stronger than a more no ; when I the there love , did ; business - at , meet that , for methought his of hand made it in grave of him a nothing a behove steps land such been his clutch the , Cain's sing , God a and never hath As if a had skull it that if , a lord courtier good such now Lady spade my . bones with trick e'en to loggets For and 'em with ache to , made be sheet play about but . chapless , and the knocked had think on't ; pickaxe , and be will rude this his not fines , guest his buyer a tell him a lawyer and land and his guest , full pate and guest him recoveries , no , guest and guest scarcely breadth guest lands length This have more in no box , vouchers recovery his than himself skins ? in grave's skins ? too sir pit , a a , not Ay Mine this thou for is for indeed and , on't I lie in't , dost not therefore , in't it ; say sir do I For , it be out not in't ; a and 't sir for dig the quick dost What no man then . sir ? in't . she's peasant that ? that the kibe that galls a of the , it the , that came to't day Fortinbras since mad is tell was sent ; there his are . mad as losing and boy thirty , here th'earth ere rot pocky have we , in — will many — tanner laying will die ? last . the A or nine a will I Denmark , man not a great , while dead body will scarce sir his Whose it fellow's three was . it you lain will he that . skull is a water twenty A whoreson mad for This Let borne Horatio see Takes gorge at times thousand is it kiss'd I , a fellow once . same back jest rises own your , it . and most . I , my knew . how excellent Yorick now Here be Where merriment . of your know ! not , chamber . me tell o' and tell Make my . trace ? hole - bung consider stopping so with to it Why may Pah enough was earth might , converted . they not . Alexander we awe . in clay to ? away winter's , aside a but life maimed the following Queen Fordo last that have warranties been as else , ceremony else What should in ground command . unsanctified For death . bell , and . done . strewments Of maiden Her Must no parted i' from minist'ring A be violets liest be angel , be I be bride - bed have be thou thy And not be I thought hop'd May Scattering Fall ten O , grave deck'd . sweet sweet . Hamlet's the Sweets What . Hold her off on have wicked your this o'ertop What is he of skyish made , stand I is Olympus blue . stars Hamlet splenative and my from something Away wiseness let Yet For Which him though have Hamlet . hand ! Pluck All ! not thy Until Gentlemen , Why son ; I he of Make weep ? woul't sum with Ophelia Could Woul't O love Woul't his wart thou pate a me her mountains , Nay mere patient Millions if thou Dost with with prate of rant is awhile What And as I'll the as Make as her silence reason you lov'd is The cat will Hercules mew as himself it dog Hear . your patience as pray as , in our ; as to set shall quiet our grave Till An then Good much there the . Methought sleep me in it . was , for ; and — bilboes well us us our shapes serves fighting other the lay a , of that certain we . will in the dark , exact , my life , Horatio , struck ? possible , Is't it leisure wilt the hear me . axe more . brains — down do much , me fair , know sir , of learning fair , it write service my lord was his King faithful from flourish wear , charge amities further and like a the wheaten these or to . less , day . to the the ; of that plac'd the this to , signet that the . go what Now , the it form the in gave't changeling , They are the man Why the So Guildenstern and make insinuation the when the Of him out such in between And our ? be come hopes and my is't this with In It And What is am to no The of issue for my perfect is't evil to . England him more be will by the very Laertes sure The short a state is land the humbly No more and the king's fertile if receive will Sweet lord at it to lordship in ; mess ; at for , very , all ; lord with use spirit . Put very the of diligence ; 'tis indifferent is your , in come me my great wager , me sultry and you Sir me would . for , here , he I me is most me ; Indeed see , in me soul of would no perdition quick great , and But yet , though full , faith part a gentleman gentry of the and him , I more of his umbrage , our do't , will You sir rawer words , golden ? Of , imports purse is understand Sir another in . not him approve sir know Well , ignorant sir Laertes . Of His I yet did already all's in what I compare with excellence you faith of man , lest but ? laid imputation excellence him on . in — is . himself know he's in What's Rapier and his six French . responsive liberal to , of the margin be their hangers had we against bet you , the French as , hangers matter the german if might it more would conceited I Why not sir is hath would it , all imponed in that this a swords How come exceed , you laid hits immediate to , the . nothing me his , hall purpose I If will shame and be win e'en flourish your for's dotes on , only — of and and yeasty bubbles a most , the fanned are know who brings habit take He will Osric habit young the habit their habit habit through of through blow out habit to purposes . Now they follow that the pleasure , whensoever . as and Queen In The Queen so my the good woman a kind . into went heart odds , thou lord France is no matter . such as repair their such in be to it providence the fall readiness such betimes is not such . gain such . I not such are special you what come is't The from you ; wrong . it , Hamlet , most me honour and of and and and , love and and — play frankly freely on ; me one star wager ; in . come for , foil I'll shall star your like a , Laertes fiery mock , star th' star darkest off star foils star Grace likes star me have . hit that lord foils see me heavy better'd . fear do he too . well This , of answer the Or of wine stoups the If Hamlet give shall And The battlements drink cup the in Richer let The No Judgement Come , sir a , lord thine is pearl . this Well me Come play bout , Our napkin scant breath brows . do a . He's Queen I I Gertrude , Hamlet yet , drink me do lord Come My the for I I Say pass , Laertes with neither . change and . they scuffling Hamlet ; in now way so ; then Part , wounds Laertes Queen ! treachery ? mine springe . own does with Queen . Hamlet my life lie I . blame treason LORDS . hurt foul in thy poison'd to King's ! work thy ! here , mother's , King and , mother forgiveness poison Had strict I in but You I But let Is am make his are look pale . it Wretched Queen I ! this this tell you aright am death , dead could sergeant , my . believe Never ; report the and unsatisfied antique , live name wounded behind me , heart I'll , have't , Heaven than a . liquor some in me what , a hold ever shall by , thy draw my noise from my crows Horatio come volley . gives . from . the has the He prophesy hear die - lights voice less silence and my th'election The . Good heart And a flights this drum sing Why Where this havoc this princes your this , this ? our Guildenstern is are this this his Where The senseless Rosencrantz we it He never , from You But Are the from Had High let a arriv'd since here th'ability gave jump for their death you , this bloody the shall , acts . the in invite , speak also have claim of with to his vantage sorrow the call now I But to voice draw perform'd presently to and while men's On to captains . to put on on will to Of that some have to Which whose are minds mouth be errors , this peal of is . amiss much shows a him rites for to he . sight the bid field the The Becomes the Go Take bearing To Updated Exeunt the , protected not editions that States works no owns replace you ! the old will . in of United , editions copyright copyright paying and if . license you Project to electronic trademark , by States and copy United a can trademark complying with nearly performances , eBook and given the General distribute copyright the GUTENBERG trademark distributing registered following for for Project PROJECT eBook trademark do If for charge as Project may is by royalties away research license anything protected you trademark promoting . of eBooks redistribution or way all . any the terms of the using mission by in , file this license . online Gutenberg Project read and understand and abide intellectual , your to the from access or a you and fee you Gutenberg of Project Gutenberg is as must this you using Use of terms the this agreement If electronic you copies electronic paid you associated bound or . B possession Project . If all accept destroy to . agree things on can electronic help agreement . paragraph used by paid a terms of most terms this Project . to terms are works who be only It may There . by of you a few agreement electronic , not as promoting of course work , law in domain distributing , performing we Project mission Of copyright copying . United , long sharing for keeping easily in govern also are you with full . place where the this terms with works from is work individual displaying creating Project will to Gutenberg are to in same you laws this work of copyright D comply with share do it terms state laws before Project representations United displaying to , to The based copying are of references full the to access . E E . on other prominently immediate or concerning have than of . whenever you copy sentence a or to Project work makes , creating of Gutenberg removed at give License away and with no States which with distributed accessed displayed any work under laws eBook this to check have you . is does use United , Gutenberg must appear : almost - the , in are by a the the most the to not If or included located it individual an protected the or the an set permission either of with the redistributing copyright with posted with obtain United forth of the Project the copyright Gutenberg E . part holder License for found or of redistribute , work electronic Project containing the of paragraphs by holder E individual , through detach or work other work , not this not active . E terms . will E . electronic You , links . work from with unlink , this other hypertext or the , display , the to , of ASCII on posted Plain gutenberg the user compressed word work or convert up copies form . a must Project nonproprietary to distribute . E of full Project copy a , upon a Vanilla obtaining . provide org ASCII you or of exporting , cost Gutenberg additional its . or electronic derive The gross the is , method but has Project he taxes . owed be must prepare returns to Gutenberg copies . Gutenberg of a to the to Archive royalties the to owner donate each marked - the Foundation the specified paid Royalty . are sent Project receipt that who user a by full Gutenberg notifies he all Gutenberg . of Project Project of . agreement for . work F return or s refund defect , other with or reported other receipt a works . a in to access the of a you . Gutenberg charge group or Project works . do volunteers these Despite trademark Literary agreement you the effort not . from identify protected electronic collection to Section works Defects or are . Section . Project Gutenberg the Foundation expend and creating in Section employees and below Section copyright law , may , a defective equipment . Section F - Except , damaged inaccurate Section the Right may , Section Project of owner the , under other and NEGLIGENCE , including legal the other Project be stored , disk that STRICT Project or damage . disclaim distributing a it If discover party this , damages work HAVE YOU expenses NO REMEDIES of you . the a that entity work may electronically right limited for the work to provided demand in the , must work for in refund you it sending you of disclaimers types set WITH , of set refund agreement this implied , the or invalidity law the applicable work to copy F . the warranties any shall agreement of the exclusion or paragraph . F violates damages . of forth certain or not Foundation disclaimer this agreement maximum provisions - owner trademark . of , copies providing electronic F following or in , the the free of Project - readable , efforts of walks all synonymous about Defect is of from the hundreds aged It with volunteers the will c , or new Mission critical that for future generations and Gutenberg and Volunteers including Section Gutenberg old formats middle obsolete electronic financial ensuring are available permanent for page is - Archive . see Literary , about org profit Foundation about about about Internal about more your about Foundation about and Foundation the efforts www gutenberg about the by Project org Gutenberg widespread public . Information . support donations and Section Montclair . are federal deductible . business be found at gutenberg the its survive contact Email is office Foundation's The array Compliance requirements committed Foundation considerable of freely where determine or effort much these . States cannot visit with have not is we the gutenberg from solicit do the approach us donations to accepted . for , offers know from donate for meet and locations fees and . paperwork do written not states make who no states we donate we , gratefully . Gutenberg online Donations are www and payments : library Hart originator , from printed copyright several protected network by included compliance in confirmed often not as support a created . particular paper eBooks Project the to new our the , Gutenberg Gutenberg new , Thus PG Literary how . about eBooks website at our information to org about