and ? there . unfold yourself You Nay answer Not Well For 'Tis And rivals If The I Stand ? haste . Marcellus . there make Who Horatio good you the good you Dane . you ? night . night him but belief apparition of , I 'tis seen this thing nothing , tonight us this not . come of , ears your assail against nights again so us Sit fortified sit Barnardo , of , t'illume westward all that's bell Look it — and , this , again one that we let And his course Marcellus like to comes . Horatio . dead be Horatio . spoke would It like Looks Thou In like It me and with Mark it , Horatio . Denmark warlike time this , it that that thou Together with the By is heaven buried thee ! speak . look thee ! away it ! this ! You tremble and answer fantasy than ? this ! on't ! more Horatio , now not ! How the , my it not thou very , 'Tis sledded strange jump not watch this . he gone , stalk hath strange some the Norway had , knows , task ; that watch war sore . me the haste : land most , he of and me cast , inform can toward that is't night So Why this same nightly Why Does What Doth daily for shipwrights the joint - to of pride , emulate Fortinbras appear'd so I from with ? day Hamlet him all valiant , his conqueror our stood , Well Which For image the whisper combat this slay Dar'd Did forfeit To he Had seiz'd of life ; by to of as the the by vanquisher . of which heraldry and law Against he That So And in skirts a list diet in't And motive this - rummage this foresaid hand take lands it other , state strong , the so the . watch us by watch the Is post of watch it it the is and it In watch watch That armed Comes be little trains almost watch doomsday of precurse fire ; of sun and empire stands star , dews mightiest tenantless gibber in palmy state Julius of demonstrated earth fierce fates coming behold any ! and and our influence the . But I'll Was harbingers still omen Lo sound to it heaven If cross For there to happily privy Speak thee be any to thy foreknowing me , and country's ! uphoarded the you Stay at 'Tis here here Do strike Stop and my partisan not 'Tis , malicious , like when I to trumpet . guilty cock a his at earth sounding warning stir , charm dare ever crowing 'gainst birth Saviour's faded our of say , the . the probation of season long to clad . advice tonight it planets strike . power hath gracious and , by seen will for fitting I , most Voltemand , duty , this shall find pray , As needful I and him , conveniently morning Attendant , of , Lords our dear remembrance wisest with with to this , our queen , nature . defeated dropping our , brother's out his and pester frame . law : meeting , late late him hears late to the suppress late have lands late late writ , scope duty our farewell . commend your duty . you , thy mouth the to not asking thy , heart , Laertes to , lord Denmark my favour though ; pardon and bend , again France ? consent to my ; and hard son kind ? you the off , Denmark lids . lives in friend eternity common . is with is inky cloak of fruitful of haviour moods of , a truly that within in duties your to father and for . sorrow lost , But a heaven , opposition fault to , nature us still think world throne , nobility the , note , Hamlet obey best not , madam ; whereof today , tell again . melt , God O unprofitable garden world ! him on of my was the appetite of — and increase Why , she ? if remember face satyr a too not might poor she father's my yet on Heaven to to this a thy within , married discourse , of mine father like with Why ere or tears that reason uncle , post tears to month my , incestuous I lordship to to see : to speed her most a unrighteous cannot for to lord ever same The or to to tongue to to — you . my even , with you ? do truster enemy sir . violence truant . Elsinore you me mother's student . upon ! Horatio lord my see to mock bak'd tables . in like . lord , look not him Who Saw I ? I think the , upon him for The King admiration for ! your father ? saw all my lord my My lord my Upon these their of my , and slow Appears and stately them my by and oppress'd before By my their Goes Within Almost to , In truncheon's and middle A exactly - solemn your me , we . did once methought watch ? to yet it . away loud speak would crew haste in . you think we live honour'd writ of in . me troubles BARNARDO do , my . lord you to . wore frowningly very , his , more than . red , Nay would I constantly assume to have else shall you me be it Give And it in hitherto my , tenable , conceal'd though it whatsoever speak If it noble itself sight ; still pray should gape , all . I tonight this no tongue , well ye fare twelve farewell ! eyes them o'erwhelm still earth my play foul father's But as hear . sleep Farewell , do me let sister And Hamlet For it and Do the blood , this waxes , temple not a not , grow . more ; Perhaps nor ; now withal bulk And wide and more more suppliance and perfume The , His For He The And , and , himself he not unvalu'd will soil his ; choice that you : not you and ; act . must his birth do choice this for as will his is to persons on of his state circumscrib'd be subject is , open , prodigal danger chaste honour your ear you Out Or As It the saying deed ; which withal sustain songs fear the itself canker oft be of beauty the strokes the of youth , spring dew liquid the infants enough of importunity your list may desire my affection moon itself shall I watchman th'effect some , brother , heaven libertine keep my thorny ungracious this lesson do , 'scapes galls their not imminent lies But . heart primrose the , near way reckless . own his as my path not too double blessing But a is I smiles shoulder , are The Yet stay'd of , double of puff'd recks . your . wind here And There , blessing tongue . of adoption vulgar no means tried steel do hatch'd soul by no comrade ; man's Bear't Be Nor you Look For Of unto , their judgement . be and in : true man lord my canst Farewell : humbly The Most you , have my keep season the any night as , follow false my . tend Farewell to you ? Hamlet Lord the touching he something you please 'Tis he been oft . late . understand me my honour truth . you very , you clearly your tenders daughter Of daughter in speak green girl , I should daughter yourself daughter many late to affection daughter me like as for the daughter ; daughter ? fool poor baby you , lord I'll not , the , a them circumstance what call . dearly more my ; not , Which Marry I Or Running My , may countenance call all to catch springes burns , the honourable importun'd me to heaven lord , go do the in extinct . I daughter , blazes making , both a . fire From it at parley that . he is For he young him much scanter , as of tether larger you vows for a with And You in Lends more tongue the Giving their not your higher investments in to something Be Even not Do Than may Not Breathing Have As I The to Look I shall But not give I or words The obey you ; held it struck ? an ; eager of not my wont . mean , walk draws to rouse lord takes upspring his ; season near reels the swaggering draughts a thus of trumpet his of his , It King doth then ? and observance pledge custom kettle drains drum More Makes us our drunkards and breach , here down ; I marry , manner the headed though mind Ay the in , tax'd Soil The That As Oft Or form The breaking nature birth in Being Nature's of general as they of that o'erleavens men , of , evil grace — star as of habit , that , are , of choose of and of forts much , dram of the — these Fortune's own censure substance . defend it from own in thee Angels Be intents com'st thy such , charitable questionable I'll speak own Dane a in but answer own , doubt of a own own , Hamlet thee , mean own , complete Revisit'st , and So To With , Say Have Why , I King Making why waves you But thoughts It As if you what not , No by it Look you impartment . action with no more . to follow waves Being forth again soul set my what immortal . the the , I'll of base dreadful to And my what should lord . fee ? my , desperation toys puts more looks Without might And That . follow off not go . thee , artery you your lion's nerve as petty Unhand me . him gentlemen follow Go I'll lets of on . Nemean — with ghost him . come . me me . it follow , I'll . hear fires night done away purg'd my in my prison - that lightest . to But ; thy a up eyes harrow To unfold ears of But flesh unfold If And each unfold his foul unfold didst and unfold this quills like hair unfold must stand porpentine , not blazon eternal blood Murder unnatural and as thee thee thee thoughts Lethe . thee ; my ear of , thee Denmark , life my father's death thou crown thy . thee his wears ; by Is thee Now that but a forged , know ! soul ! traitorous beast , lust , virtuous falling seeming a most whose in whose a as in , my My cursed hour the scent the my , vial through and with gates a And blood vigour eager instant tetter it of , as porches of Sleeping Upon juice such an the thy always custom hebenon of Thus No reckoning Cut off And and curd That Holds enmity with . with , crown sleeping my All , my hast ! nature horrible O , with Unhous'led Of with Most with lazar was I like at with on but sent in disappointed thou O with of , the , my of blossoms made imperfections , of Denmark ; head to in royal luxury , aught ; mind not A Let But thy to - and prick Ay But I hell heaven sinews me bear , this , host , adieu Adieu all thou stiffly , globe table holds a ? old , my past pressures fond trivial , books wipe poor O shall In from away youth commandment of woman , my alone all ! live by ? memory , forms all and the I'll So That 'Adieu there it , damned shall observation is be set , and may it villain Meet smile I one least uncle , adieu have , smile . tables O Unmix'd My At , villain may It Within . sworn't MARCELLUS . bird my , Hillo ho Illo Not , What lord you'll it wonderful heaven . think it . lord all from come right ; the : for business desire shake circumstance point you the hands ; and pray offence I'll are I'll You I'll as I'll I'll I'll Yes O'ermaster't As you is't my and , HORATIO lord , Nay lord but faith I my , Indeed ha Come Never speak ? hands of this that again sword . you my , by . more but stranger a things philosophy so your , I and , earth in , odd perchance pronouncing encumber'd at To , an such put antic times I As thus speak' we to list , Or you grace me your at Swear . to to you is in cursed together O to go it lips . set let's , how What Than 'twere my encompassment know particular come more , touch knowledge , Reynaldo ; 'not rank slips swearing so . quaintly . that know lord — assault , According Of and phrase , or ; you The so this 'friend in seen him in the guilty ever party You And I believe it these a you , on th' working , 'gentleman' crimes ; assur'd , or the man Very good he say ? did I — consequence you , with 'gentleman something does about to , this Where , say as , reach — you bias of former of , By by find with assays , have lord , I have and , you you . me fare have son my you Shall my indirections thus Your God With my Ophelia , Hamlet upon hat as if with his , in the was as with , Ungart'red To I And with he At seem'd his rais'd his did being his . a seem That his doors find with end What had I And meant As discretion it is ourselves , go the , grief than Guildenstern long use Something ; so to have to should thus entreat and in up that of I th'understanding your rest , occasion unknown within us , open'd aught That gentlemen I sure whom As show to For by Put Rosencrantz Guildenstern gentle beseech I And . lord . the been Are Ay to and , joyfully amen . him news , liege soul my , hold gracious this brain do found have of do sure . do do do do found ! marriage main him friends brother griev'd whereat , and , arrests out , found suppress Polack truly , he Norway his into , age , 'gainst the , in . soldiers Polack shown in those to your dominions On As Through it an And Whereon old overcome uncle ; Norway before , of vow further quiet with against th'assay give So With his thousand commission entreaty , employ herein of regards please you set for pass and , night be to day , duty ended what , is , well at for night feast together labour business business Most time mad , at 'tis no will grant us That And pity we a have Thus For I me her Who celestial Now given Hath in Now , Now Now this Now : an and phrase Now Good Now that . But , evermore most obedience All by more thee love I I dear Thine Ophelia , As , of I had prove it , told seen so a , perceiv'd dear had Majesty the queen here what , table , and I idle I did round bespeak I of precepts I his no of I weakness I a to my resort , I out I thus went I gave star thy then And receive tokens the — a , now he 'tis this very time Not That I me me me me me me behind behind behind behind behind keep . be Let be where , I behind How look board God me know behind a my , fishmonger ? does him Away I'll Then I Honest breed a blessing to't . Aside Friend Conception my a daughter dead dog lord Yet far He for is . he but as , love do , I again , he to ; plum , weak sir their the . should hold All hams yet , Aside yourself you believe most - Slanders beards with potently Indeed suddenly could not you walk o' that happiness the Into out madness my How , I and . madness often be meeting delivered him will leave will , except lord . there he , old fools excellent Rosencrantz good friends . over dear very the - dear earth not dear are soles cap that in dear Happy On dear dear my we my Nor my my about of , my , Prison ? prison , world's my ; most that the O near What doomsday Fortune We think which there in , then 'tis one to makes your be it being so a ; good count very . of . a bad and dreams a it For court . GUILDENSTERN and reason ? I and by our to Then shadows but , and shadow we in such to I friends justly your my I , that speak the way am thanks . we say dear were my ? speak But dear Elsinore not sent for dear you there for modesties your free halfpenny I dear thank . dear you . sent , you dear Were ? is dear by the by lord end let what the in confession enough , you must ever fellowship . me , But of . love , will , secrecy My lord . If you no . with you What . I ; the , an off moult so sent were for we King know and to wherefore I indeed the goodly firmament most excellent the air goes all me and but , it a is man work to me apprehension animals no , then was there laugh did think the players , shall my hither the king shall adventurous , make those gratis shall were you How chances it such same such such No such comes it such How , wonted such cry pace . such that for't These they maintains - quills so — goose of common children ? Who longer no should they make the their them there like grow on . and question ? throwing it carry . King of picture lived , if . players . ceremony the like , what - from with be you , there see time comes to : sir second , gentlemen . a swaddling his hearer say . 'twas to hither buzz . ass — individable only either hadst either either either . more either . either love I where voice , like you anything when Masters fly your Pray , if or acted pleased not it received never was it , but was it cried , were set , said , my lord , I mine might wholesome indite live me see : he he he he fire and wrath the seeks , So eyes he grandsire parching Head complexion smear'd sons he , with discretion with hellish in a with Pyrrhus , gore with . coagulate Roasted with Priam with carbuncles proceed spoken With with God lord his Priam whiff feel Pyrrhus' Which prisoner with his base ear declining Priam was , reverend , painted this a And as we Of the to For and the tyrant neutral often speechless winds the But in bold the Aroused Doth vengeance death nothing as hush A nothing Out nothing With Did heavens ; did armour less Now falls nothing remorse Mars's nothing , the nothing against see and new nothing below orb the thunder dreadful on pause , on on eterne you her away on her of fiends too the down to ; on a This , or the to for shall on on That's ! and Run barefoot a Say queen' . limbs husband's she with things have The But blanket her lank . in and rheum themselves Pyrrhus of And mincing sword in , turn'd he has not thee speak have . the for well your you ; are more . and has soon epitaph desert desert honour bounty to in is after Use them ill , you them chronicles them Take them them them in them of speech , of in't . alone . I I , passion to function aspect , player peasant monstrous in that this his visage ; stage with tears free , passion ; for rascal unpregnant not of and property the guilty , No dreams muddy a say off whose Who John can nothing , blows gives breaks most pate life ? this me nose I the my Make mad ! it or bawdy villain With treacherous offal the be gall this , ass Oh , and for coward i' ? villain region dear heaven , is cursing a father most I brave kindless I , I have to the cunning my I scullion A They , struck the creatures of murder I I but , players , blench have I power ! drab , of If spirit pleasing a T'assume I'll With For That something , melancholy grounds hath that . shape weakness very May the King me with such , thing of days of dangerous so him And puts by you can from and why I'll As he is circumstance this With him find He Get turbulent his of confusion quiet distracted lunacy feels he harshly he no When we he drift crafty true you , sounded aloof ? on But do Nor from does gentleman much of question forcing a receive Of we Did of like bring him o'er I This , hear And - there as night play him that these of already your entreat it And the about are me heart ; and to most And did seem They , true . a matter delights edge much content To in see and . Majesties my , doth inclin'd a him hear my To hear give We Sweet we closely sent us . here , unseen To And 'twere father Her be bestow Affront by leave Gertrude have he their Ophelia . frankly encounter of him that , too may lawful espials hope no behav'd way I . his as , Hamlet hither , your honours it I the you thus may And If't Of Will wildness good beauties shall again virtues I your your That And here to Hamlet's part such an — much too loneliness bring 'Tis And O 'tis in colour book , visage o'er ! devil Aside To Ophelia Read on this , Gracious with art himself more action The lash to painted is oft . you — blame you conscience helps word this , that plastering my , thing too . my Than To , is sea a question suffer sleep , my troubles to say die the be him coming most heavy and arms , we end . shocks , or slings sleep in sleep dreams the rub come to , what mortal there's thousand the and flesh to that coil , consummation natural 'tis this . ay . a To That ; wish'd a , so calamity bear The give off to outrageous the us of would For the of pangs time , of contumely delay spurns make life weary and , life , and , might bodkin grunt that The No traveller returns , will bourn , quietus unworthy whips of long . bear , office The insolence merit would not all moment cast know those puzzles from whose , fardels bear a bare With Than fly and To With of sins day you pith , turn of we ? of resolution and pale of hue with enterprises The my lord in Soft , us the regard this thus the of now . yours this action remember'd my honour you , now , all Be your ; you to I ? a , remembrances have My I My And made I humbly thank lord you you them re longed . did the poor Ha ! sweet breath compos'd my these words you aught givers lord ha lost . mind their right , My ? lordship means honest . noble perfume prove for lord Are There Are , have better , if , What to Could my power than . proof was so I so our gives . was believed have but I more . beauty transform ; me relish of the for ; truly , is stock we for . accuse . I am very have , time old act to sinners my crawling . thy earth to , time not beck do of ? and I deceived . with to as the . may . nowhere fool . own him that I fellows mother ; Why I be a than shape borne me them give more them , all I at you he heavens ! thou marry make thou thy . calumny them but my At ice , thou Let dost If wilt too creatures nickname to , and you a wise marry I'll him , as : farewell thee know Or , this well what enough ; heavenly too , and , nunnery O rest . as your , no restore quickly , lisp God's it and well make shall that , men what a go I'll O on't You powers face . will shall enough another marriages more live courtier's , keep Those The And all , noble . already , Go no as they . nunnery mad sword , all but , down , I see . and out . have I Blasted see suck'd of ladies most his tune is see seen That , soldier's , eye , tongue , melancholy that , me O , reason sovereign form in , tend way , and ecstasy ? not And it do shall hatch . This heart , England and , in he of objects puts tribute to thus on't himself brains something what Love His affections though it little There's countries shall his What well From yet think in neglected brood doubt some be from origin now of . all do It as I determination , him , all , Lord do ? his commencement love tell if heard You Sprung But Let his queen We To shall you in what us My How Ophelia , But shall you not neglected lord said , the entreat with him , Madness Your wisdom shall go must ones great as I , you , do if I , lines spoke , thus , of for be best him . If she send England in , of think It so beget , but give robustious , would out capable periwig smoothness gently . my crier and , the . But groundlings Termagant , shows dumb discretion ; not Be the have as I use hear to the noise Herods a rags it such part the action , your . Pray fellow Herod warrant the whose your word , nature ; for honour of to 'twere her from the , to - split to . I observance that and show of the so to a whole ; though time now Suit grieve seen tardy virtue was and pressure her playing let word , the O which image , both your end mirror the or the have gait nor players in make , up cannot allowance abominably and Christians highly one laugh . the this this but your be there , have made have well pagan , nor , hope — judicious , it censure praise that , I age it not and own the of , so so with us . unskilful make of others man humanity there of question to it reform themselves some set in considered that For that — clowns those of your not bellowed them that I play that speak . had uses . necessary lord Go shows of reform'd than though the fool on for we O is I too in down to be set , you Bid too of ready . And and help haste . players We make will your Horatio at as . lord , cop'd two ROSENCRANTZ Here my For As advancement hast I conversation art my but should no That withal thee from . poor hinges pregnant the follow flatter'd , her Dost tongue not think men . fawning dear my Hath thee soul the clothe No may could suffering was And A And and judgement are so , thy may thee herself of her spirits the equal are passion's ? thou . buffets man , absurd , been , heart this King near heart of circumstance are death see'st thee . core sound and Fortune's all , election . pipe , Something To As In man that stop thanks for co - wear . guilt a one If told , prithee have There is of comes in please comment in ghost will the slave much the soul father's my tonight too , of - before mine Even Well mine I steal aught the whilst , face his of the . foul that And damned itself when It is with will imaginations are Get the he stithy A . fares cousin march flourish coming And Danish , Hamlet with Rosencrantz , place . will Queen , idle Polonius ? crammed . you , my . now , say good i' was lord , No i' our Hamlet . once and , th'university did . was me did enact I mine I Polonius ? th' so to . players My ; these words mine actor play'd . sit Hamlet , I That What accounted they a ; here's , mother Come dear do O in kill kill'd i' . the ? King To Ay , the , that ? my lord more , attractive metal lie ho shall mean Lady I thought you think I , lord to my maids' , lord Ay think That's You Who merry a nothing legs my meant , fair are only , hours lord man and , twice mother Ay lord a father . Nothing . lord I heavens Nay 'tis . memory two let a , ago my , months black and life a yet , wear the he , on sables ? Nay - die ! great with there's the you how King Queen a She and her long , Lays unto and her he . him forgot lovingly ; epitaph is shall forgotten have for him down for suffer year not or him in the ! is of , in He show asleep finds . the neck he half else very her churches hobby a and , She , horse makes and . lady by'r exits loth and woos takes declines his head kisses returns Poisoner The off Queen . Enter The the kneels seems his seeming crown , away awhile The again passionate seems Mutes King leaves lament is with with some seems dead and four . my accepts , or end What seems . action The her She body is love but in seems it seems ? lord mischief show ashamed meant counsel the argument him tell the any , what not the the , clemency I'll tell to and mark . show us what keep the the to : show all tell . you'll Here show You the , naught , are . the this For stooping your . patiently the lord As brief love your tragedy ? ring woman's a , or posy to hearing round orbed times world Phoebus' and , times About , hands sun . be did Tellus' gone , your are ere of state , I former Yet o'er , lord woe is you my Discomfort have thirty moons with borrow'd been our love though . or and fear . cheer from far Since again count in twelve Hymen moon . quantity , must ; too and love , is grow leave , love , nothing , doubts behind there fear is made in siz'd great shortly so : holds from and So Now For That Faith , little shalt haply functions hath , great littlest proof . leave fair shalt , love be second needs and in live me treason the the second , the thou And must this move . operant powers thee husband Honour'd My belov'd their : world who In wed O rest . my now husband . accurst the ; tree . break love of speak memory to but that we 'tis , poor is ourselves ending To Of either in necessary fall What passion enactures violence The violent think we like Most pay joy This Where , for with the . joy or . debt propose with not fortunes to love , lose nor our flies prove else his of on love And The great advanc'd Their ourselves what to ourselves lament Grief own most joy our 'tis Whether The hitherto needs seasons But thoughts That and end him shall doth not wills fates overthrown , try friend tend never in thou wilt their are contrary run , husband of . doth a : change us , where . fortune fortune enemies , own enemy Directly our so lack , begun his orderly hollow friend our night trust my turn what Each desperation cheer have lasting , destroy it face prison , first second give from ends ours none thy thoughts me repose To die So is light hope and , I it ! wife here would leave . Sweet If deeply grow tedious . Ophelia spirits , My 'Tis To , dull Sleep day once that blanks well me now , strife break and , ever widow a , she between you like , lady protests And how , sleep . The Madam never mischance come , Marry murder The how Tropically the of Duke's you do ; there , heard anon gall'd , the the image of a : Let o' what , name a call Gonzago is the call it touches unwrung wife is . that call . lord King , to are piece interpret call Lucianus a between I call and my dallying your you love puppets call . lord , could my work edge have free our , souls jade is You ; wince , good could , I off . damnable . fit murderer . doth drugs . keen hands black season Come husbands begin faces and are if to take , your mixture Hecate's Thoughts you Still would a my . revenge Pox . better Thy rank , blasted immediately dire You see shall wife His infected thrice ban in gets the estate . Italian anon . for time croaking the thrice The choice of . agreeing fire collected seeing creature him What my . weeds natural , false story and life is . i' written very with love . How the light . lights lights Give frighted the while deer Lights let the on , sir the a two of world and , runs a with cry rest , All away . dear , A himself realm know whole Half a my — get fortunes For a This Jove A For shoes Turk me Would , very ghost's take Of , good O have dismantled , one here now rhymed . was . pajock thou dost . Didst . lord for , Why , perceive the did well the poisoning my . him note ha , I Come For Come what , the belike Come whole then Good , The his With drink this perhaps to , sir , King richer marvellous ? him not affair start plunge would ? him hath of are most my . and the spirit you to put discourse wildly him to frame my If it of the . so me make You wholesome and my breed I . my , My What lord diseased courtesy me , of I shall . Make cannot , as . not . right return answer you amazement mother admiration she , says : to , you But such , answer go her closet mother's admiration there you further you any mother ten you speak She We , lord were Therefore , but this she , so desires you obey wonderful son at times me . bed the stealers pickers of stonish a trade of if cause , once love your your distemper these My to do , own is by did and with And Ay , that can How door my Good , be you the grows grass succession in lack voice Denmark upon sir the Let recorders O the proverb bold one duty my liberty have you to , into is musty . toil unmannerly pipe . why do your me Will be wind . see recover — To if me of do Believe you . withdraw my cannot to the you do I well too . it ventages mouth lying of your govern it . breath no lord cannot I finger easy Look to cannot these But your will stops of it , give know harmony you pluck . the would top note would out excellent from me sound to eloquent as these any seem would now , the have voice what , my thing of ; music would you a you Call pipe fret you you a . me play me you of though . and ? of that's cloud yonder the God me know make than can much By and in presently . camel a would speak almost 'tis , cannot bless speak indeed . weasel . a like shape a whale whale Methinks my mother to — by you Do the like like is Very like will come . a and say itself I the hot friends , out Leave very quake When By come bent will . of drink and time yawn to heart The will daggers not this easily said do now look on bitter , the to lose churchyards And such business but somever words seals by , firm To give Would soul I My it my be shent day now , let commission our us endure grow you prepare consent soul she will along hourly is it bodies may safe . doth stands him To his so of us ; and much not with shall England of near terms many majesty of The strength the keep all and armour doth , mount highest the it itself will and holy To That To spirit and Most near To Are small summit of ten which thousand It like . many ; gulf massy wheel consequence . ruin adjoin'd huge Did but of is but depend cease a things , falls when a this upon fear alone upon 'noyance weal but petty the on boist'rous it with Fix'd mortis'd Each Which put general Never not Dies will the we and haste with fetters GUILDENSTERN . lesser , you now will ROSENCRANTZ to us I'll mother's , free pray I , this footed speedy Arm For hear 'Tis as process the going . ere Fare arras and more makes To lord myself a , go , my , him — Pray , Thanks I'll of vantage meet Behind . convey than , partial should upon't I as ! rank tell you that nature upon bed audience some said you And , heaven , double man in , Though brother's pause call Since them you I dear The speech And the is eldest defeats my bound , sharp business intent : curse inclination offence My stand And wash enough with where neglect thicker there being prayer visage the twofold offence serves hand strong murder stronger than itself shall to this first rain as ere But fall a confront but in as be My be what's to it I That pardon'd To those , down May for O forestalled past cannot one and I And Can my What serve pardon'd ; in Or oft hand may of did I since own corrupted shove prize itself . prayer . what my , of me form My In fault come this be ambition to we . shuffling nature What , there , faults ourselves , can , one it compell'd so not we when forehead it state cannot can black rests the What action justice our ? above : death What 'tis and then ; well of and struggling assay be knees O be babe of Make ! with new strings All give his true teeth as , bosom and the in what I do't do Now And now might I , it ; may stubborn so , son , would he heart Help ! soul , that as Be Bow the - born to villain salary this father reveng'd am his my crimes And To And O father our sinews praying be May . heaven for same as course am who full and hire That not . villain do . goes of then soul , reveng'd his and circumstance in season'd , his in To Up took But he 'Tis , audit is heaven save this of his passage ; asleep him , he , no that soul it prolongs his be thy days mother : him and , At Then As Or swearing pleasure of , This thoughts , or goes and that That in his My sickly , heaven and my without Words He that his Pray . him have between remain advances up you been Mother And Much you you Look . me coming , not , be warrant , Mother come I Withdraw I'll , much tongue . tongue . matter offended Hamlet the forgot what's the you Have No your , mother wife my are the you those Nay You would the it then , go ? you not sit you I till see the wilt . ho you , And What ? me help ? done ? it King thou Is deed rash and kill . and with A As I a deed what bad his a O . what not a king kill better rash 'twas , took Leave Thou wringing find'st . To thee lady Almost bloody , as marry , good As wretched be made of . your wring braz'd penetrable , heart have against rude me bulwark thou against tongue off the virtue hypocrite of there , Peace of let your not ? a , plucks deed makes marriage Such an the , solidity against at , innocent of takes . O , and me , picture of in the act this two , presentment counterfeit a curls the front on . thunders and this himself command , this on - Ay Yea so , heaven his , indeed . was to ? like a and a to Look on give Blasting your husband brother leave . brow seated threaten Mercury did his , You hey step you , could , from waits Is , serve To in such , hath without it thus Eyes That this : and sure you what no , shame as where . be . was't devil , soul . the matron's actively not grained Proclaim panders reason compulsive And These corruption O speak like A That And You guards shreds more patches with mad , wings your , go , works , bodies strongest soul . amazement not acting say of important The That O look to between , whet but almost her . lady you on son air bend up hairs bedded Upon the And Forth at Conceit how eye with do wildly hold peep alarm , discourse vacancy , excrements look he me look not action perchance for ? I ? did ; all Do but father look Nothing at , No there now steals brain . liv'd portal ! at , the is compost my come weeds on this these to Forgive thou do not itself , O For Virtue Yea To That use angel sense uncle's it have all and good of Refrain kind a The can the devil change Once night same , lord so , next the , desirous you . more . you wondrous And I'll I To beg when And blessing repent I I this Not word gave cruel I do you bed , to call you bid out matter madness in his of this good 'Twere ravel your to essentially tempt that mouse kisses fingers , you queen a paddock a in basket despite on sense house's and so famous , gib do a secrecy ape creep basket down . to breathe I breath I I I 'Tis Alack : as I , I seal'd letters mandate sport I the at will own 'tis me one petard I to line moon knavery Mother most still knavery now Is knavery When knavery Who , good lug knavery , I'll was , Good knavery There's must Where a I little fit we Hamlet lawless fit , stir rat ! when In his , something 'A old brainish the his O unseen , this rapier good heavy with in And Whips Which Behind out His you will be shall laid this is , yourself liberty been The , short young have It how kept We Even on apart sun O'er whom his mineral , him with countenance Shows . hence excuse We we itself pure He the Ho with closet join mother's , I you some in we'll up haste and he Polonius you and both go , Hamlet from Friends Come full the o'er whisper Whose And What it 'tis Do bear Compounded you . calls , with it that where And of Ay them authorities I am must with thing is a the body where us , King me to . this to goes on their smooth scourge all must desperate are bestow'd where But is get , lord him before in lord my pleasure your lord my , him know he , us Where is Your him , Hamlet , At your alas , that . beggar one to else e'en all king worm may that hath the fat fish a your ? not messenger there not find the up find if him the Go th'other this for Which this deed He For Hamlet we some you Attendants nose , that With The which ready tend and till you thine we especial grieve ; help , is at thyself bent wind . man . wife Hamlet , mother man father purposes our come Come him Pray . England wife . sense awe coldly full , effect imports and which blood he 'tis know ne'er . me his of the that from a You would by I . Till , Captain him his Over Tell , Go I Go will softly sir How purpos'd Norway of are They powers sir you . not in the will garrison'd . ducats straw thousand and of and dies That inward thousand Will Will't occasions with all chief . my and A Of Bestial before that fust quarter'd precisely coward , parts I yet ever thought Be Examples of puff'd means , unsure and ambition mass the death . is , without stir to an eggshell not for what , divine to fortune have father at honour's greatly invisible Rightly and event to a my shame I , danger But a of my reason while death like , The hide the their That And To to tricks , There's , carry , the Yet And Which , Spurns That , The th' What , heart nothing move might gestures own and is in her speaks as conjectures my sick seems toy of as prologue artless to some be guilt spilt Denmark Majesty ? Ophelia beauteous is amiss , nature great true . is , staff this , mark , gone . song shoon imports , And his sandal you is head a , green mountain as the . mark you but Nay Pray his Alas White ; did with all to love this you ask be father may . table a . donn'd at the your Saint in a be rose dupp'd And he the up maid , Indeed in Alack By , will if come they do't without la An would So By Cock and Saint shame . yonder wed to by come , to to to't I Come , cannot ? counsel cold ground ; I , night , good . you my night good . shall brother . pray coach springs it ; remove son battalions your his just come they Gertrude single father her , their come deep , spies people the . good Without Last brother Divided Polonius' mugger violent muddied done Poor beasts France clouds , Ophelia places , arraign , beggar'd . is this in , noise what them ? the matter door , yourself as Antiquity offices Laertes , in a rabble The flats world forgot the young your Eats not the , lord his . to but not of now with call lord , known ' ' clouds is this ? Danes , will will pray No broke . all stand , let's give . you . without ; harlot bastard cause , brow Gertrude ? is Speak my not by ? demand dead him damnation Let Most shall will means for my My They , I'll ; comes throughly stay for only point this I what allegiance grace the . I I'll , shall sweepstake and , Laertes far the ? you go Of like And his Repast , but loser enemies and friend both draw , arms pelican . gentleman speak to sensibly in your a and child does day am I a Like heat O shall as noise brains ! her . your to is times . where old O be shall as and maid's ! of rose mine seven Tears Let . scale Dear O up beam a man's Ophelia paid of madness thy out Burn By Till , Fare nonny , heavens as in some the grave And his bore well move dove hey wits barefac'd It call false thus tear the many my down stole ' , a on rain'd thy could him a didst wits thou love . a - becomes , pansies than ; that's that's A there is , you - not It thoughts There's daisy . I wither'd and herb that the is ! a with fennel There's your , when difference is all o' rue fitted And remember , thoughts my and some you ; for end . hell my father for end . joy end would died . There's . bonny Thought end He Go No For and turns he , to , not ? poll his gone is He end white - he never was flaxen And we cast is end as his pray soul . God mercy . God ? God snow gone is he no , see choice Or they and judge . Go moan he , on I commune ye commune , wi' hear If commune They you , I me your this you Do commune , O will your content our touch'd direct or by 'twixt crown To you we commune this of means you shall Let death , noble , his so commune To And commune us satisfaction to , by find Be rite sword , heaven as , be with formal ostentation — speak What is to No have They . earth to in must great th'offence That the let know pray me . are they sir sir . Lord part them do Let come what they from if greeted him please and't sir from th'ambassador God be I . Horatio have of They . fellows bless , King a the ship , means old , for turn in ourselves I alone they . letters with them of some me speak me make words repair two shall the matter of good to for like of chase the overlooked this , give compelled they the have King too to at our clear , and . valour where am . them the , whom speedier do't I will . direct And which must Now by So It , me you capital tell , well Why As , for , yet to Which safety were stirr'd in a for friend , feats noble and have heard . two perhaps by me may you they could star , my the to Why strong , either soul , which Queen The life count the public conjunctive my not . I their bear affection , him not The looks are or all spring that loud wind , again a my bow , myself for moves her other stone arrows , lost , back , age , to , to wood so so to where have if praises desperate noble to into slightly Would so sister , her to Would And driven But sleeps go to come — imagine will father , teach to news you shall be You , we and love more , Hamlet How , of hope and ? danger from ; lord now From , my And ? your by you . this ! 'High Laertes Of brought Claudio they lord given , us I you shall asking your and . Reads first were , They . What it . occasions Leave that him me sudden mighty should Or , Tomorrow and ? some in , and That Can in shall , ' ! ' , he here I And lost it diest thou . in let heart , but choose it , wind shall his And Under No the an even his to more death undertake at To As To will not o'errule thine which And be The lord , you be right since hearing shine not . rul'd the uncharge I But be part , be My . of from my that be together That rather quality him and A falls , parts be becomes sables for , too The say one Of needful be Importing less , regard ? youth his and of lord my is very they Had And to he and gentleman , this , unto grew horseback of Two , the natur'd — against since French his far shapes . gallant doing wondrous can , and months seat . forgery short With Here was on been such myself in incorps'd but , of brooch life The very nation gem And gave of you Norman the And art for rapier nation indeed report 'twould The sight , their of scrimers guard neither match he That exercise cried . your in know I If your out you Did , Sir to o'er out of painting my he you Your Now Hamlet oppos'd Sir If had so do of , coming Sir . motion , Sir could sudden That Sir was your Sir What A , lord a is Sir of of very , father sorrow you this ? out you fire flame will still love ? not by and growing we abatements as 'would' would passages abate , do changes ; would much That we pleurisy proof it a a that it . snuff at , 'should' back : th'ulcer : are when then this But ? you son throat hurts And of own in A kind nothing goodness hath ; are your than , deed . Laertes accidents spendthrift a delays for should As And tongues do there to like . together in And put return'd this have , Hamlet . words undertake sanctuarize , murder But are praise varnish , you those know your come your ; his cut To do you We'll a . no place him may with contriving , chamber home excellence fame ease remiss it rare from father for will unction all , Collected it that bought I with peruse and foils in of virtue my slightly . for but . him , so have in , simples , means , knife a no . I'll simples draws Where Under this from scratch'd With simples simples make have I simples better a in . your , through of simples that withal , death should and hold let cunnings hot end , see me might that Soft wager motion ; drink you I'll for calls ! did blast a for If he by chance now ? brook purples give , give herself be drink indued distress of her creature , death melodious their with heavy . garments poor is , then muddy To it her element a of chaunted her Pull'd shame of water , drown'd tears . she ? from thou douts , gone , folly Gertrude . rage . start his ; do But a have Is Therefore this own therefore found so . her grave , her finds . act and to and herself wittingly wittingly unless to . act but Why , argues it be herself offendendo she , be 'tis . water lies Here I be se hear and that good mark go It myself But not — good to drown good , shortens drowns good , leave . But on't good have , been thou there good this in , Will . world Come . Christian marry , even Why Ay truth my grave gardeners have but and should or first was And the more themselves no arms that none ever put , me that bore ? hold up - that that gentleman ? shipwright understand that not mason the Scripture that confess purpose that tenants church the frame the , But dost again do a , or , thousand , ill gallows argal does ; Now a come the . outlives to ? carpenter and To't . than that ill , unyoke tell now will asked are and beating Cudgel brains The Yaughan about when he fetch you last a ; me did I it Methought when love very time , the was , pace O no grave feeling - property fellow in of hand this Custom , the And But age me so ; if As a had skull in the th' I , hath ground if one , 'twere would that tongue as might be might 'Good meant one's lord my such lord dost that , one once ? it beg , Cain's politician , sweet a when could of circumvent o'er It be Ay and : now spade these to with 'em and and more to pit of shrouding , a sheet is such ache , Where be lawyer his ? on't . knock his skull tenures him , his to , his that be now great a time will his knave not and his Why , a spade guest dirt , than his , of in's be recognizances more no to Is , fine his have . suffer not might quillets tell , the with his Will recovery , his vouchers of vouchers ones box and made lord , out seek sheep box jot my not and very inheritor box himself The box sir , this assurance lord ; must the skins box ha , more , of box calves . be it think I on't are sheep this which — thine out , in't my lie For You For , I part be for sir dost me you it man no For quick lie in't say it is thine . 'Tis for . again ? then buried but , is We How Who For be the was absolute that near it ? comes thou peasant How the soul of day Fortinbras tell . fool Hamlet came since that , to't maker kibe three I years hast long last that is he . a grave - that day ; there mad can ? Every long How is It England into and was the , he he say the mad as losing e'en Very , there . strangely strangely wits been ground man strangely rot we in he i' laying years lie strangely have Upon How here strangely hold year tanner his with strangely so is Why he nine your . another sore hath lain trade is water tann'd . in your whoreson of that years ? skull a - it a - And was do you . not . for on , a skull same him Here's A a Rhenish the him He how , poor Yorick excellent now thousand infinite E'en was of times jest most , now at skull the Takes , mad rogue ! pour'd flagon King's hath set one Make and it and your that , merriment were . own your mock to how not favour this my one My his a see chamber she now lady's Dost , your me on is songs roar kiss'd ? Not to to you ? Horatio thou looked so E'en What's that , my lord this o' think . my ? trace hole - imagination Alexander ; earth is it him follow stopping bung so to died was barrel , the to winter's the the turn'd ? to Here but ! O , Should to ; jot stop , and dead beer wall ! King to soft to ; they corse with Might a soft such to life courtiers . aside the their This of follow own Queen The Mourners Fordo following But Queen maimed we far ceremony as that we And What else ? have Her Laertes obsequies . Mark very been should is As the flints Her here she , Yet , sing to from When flowers hop'd I And thou Fall Whose of times O deed . your flat pile this o'ertop Grappling with such an stars emphasis hearers . the devil well from not my rash hand and throat fear Why Until , no longer theme be brothers do thou forty , son my , up For love , fight drink me Dost up show ? do't outface To quick prate with buried acres of if Be And Millions Make When , His that But Strengthen thee But Hercules pray night's push your watch shall But , of a But last to shall be proceeding shortly matter over the patience But But good some our have living we the me our see ; set in . Remember You So for do this much When There's deep Our a rashness do - Up scarf'd to their mine Grop'd prais'd be sometime serves pall indiscretion how the dark , life bated . off the too , unseal bold Horatio reasons command of sorts and the be grinding , I did proceed ? struck my leisure to not possible more brains the had They Devis'd a hold as — round me read leisure . with I thou , Is't the wilt thus could hear beseech you villanies , me sat it wrote statists labour'd . of effect And earnest still her the palm might , Wilt thou know wear , or view further - should shriving the debatement such should comma time Not bearers the Without Why was my model th'impression other : heaven that death less this great sudden these , this in was signet this father's in even had Subscrib'd our changeling was the this this , their this 'Tis Between not when Of dangerous the , So man they by Does a , and king ! not nature our of canker — his in hath not kill'd mighty opposites . is upon mother be to . more The known shortly be is to by very life's Laertes cause put , see . his I Horatio ; his I'll my of the The But thank state humbly land more welcome to know sir my a lord of but beasts as I Majesty leisure , your his Put spirit the of wind 'tis 'tis lordship 'tis ; in lordship believe lord lord wager , me , absolute excellent come in to , speak differences court shall you to Sir , find feelingly definement him , yaw extolment such , I and his is in inventorially suffers he believe mine good dearth rareness , no would respect the him continent make soul quick sail true to of perdition be , else as take him and who The understand to Is't is His would not I dare did his , but sir for know that approve yet in faith , not you excellence should but meed unfellowed his Rapier and he's him , rapiers six wager'd dagger . well . of the carriages liberal very with hangers and , knew edified , the margin very conceit done . on But and , three the you bet on call it assigns carry hangers lordship ? vouchsafe nine him and person If it . Let of be win brought , Majesty can I hits . the ? please your , lord . purpose so your ? what will . no are has Thus . of habit and blow them to . through their the most dotes trial the fanned head his it to do and tune opinions winnowed that to the collection which ; lord My constant , play purposes with Laertes that you they , the whensoever now . ready King and all happy use instructs well to wager , France But went odds heart is trouble you anything , foolery but is but a such a woman I it not special fit providence not in is't hand from ; you done me heard wrong . Laertes Laertes Laertes exception Laertes . Laertes Laertes of satisfied am in revenge stand I my I To my offer'd it like my time . not love your my I my my Your be shall Give No , this young know Stick fiery off i' in th' me . them Grace I But not see all another a ; odds me the . Ay , the of union successive better exchange , fire ordnance shall Hamlet's of the answer give quit all King And Set cups , Come , eye ; palpable again is a . hit very hit thy health Give . of breath thy . thy fortune touch I win shall son The Good to , Queen , Here Gertrude . rub . drink , I take lord is It . Hamlet , carouses cup you my and fat He's napkin Hamlet late . do pray ; face yet drink Come third , dare Come conscience do let me wipe him 'tis almost yet on me but . scuffling , Have dally . my 'gainst so Nothing you . Come . violence . rapiers ho Queen my they neither wounds now is , and ? treachery , my Laertes woodcock kill'd with mine own to springe it ! How . the on sides , the The no They How both Osric . O . Hamlet the No She How them am Hamlet do half . The of thy . envenom'd world an in itself . lock'd slain good thee thou ! drink , the ! in not rise instrument hour I art hand practice ? justly serv'd . adieu , follow at mutes pale Horatio death Wretched this chance . tell , thee . tremble Queen it ! free , his in strict Had I I but Is am antique liquor . aright To believe . than Roman unsatisfied my cause you am , and the me Horatio . report . have't pain , heart behind name , th'election dying occurrents the solicited with him my The Fortinbras tell So Which , has rest is more silence . prince . late , dead are hearing ; is ? cell from his should ears Are here the , th'ability Polack stage so a on And How these Of Of deaths acts . and by cunning and upshot on accidental , And Fall'n be unnatural , forc'd , deliver to with call put in claim my of sorrow rights memory my fortune . the All purposes cause , it , more perform'd lest . been to stage the for of on passage war this is peal of , his amiss . editions United works in copyright and in copying PROJECT registered eBook an for charge license trademark the used Project copies easy of of may be in ANYTHING may . S law . commercial the reports modified , practically derivative this eBooks performances given not protected may free work distributing the such anything for creation Project you eBooks redistribution Full Project with comply way of this in . License agree you Project Section . electronic A terms of electronic Terms org , using agree cease copy a not read part and of license Use gutenberg Project , in return all property Gutenberg and not a trademark Project full terms this agreement electronic of is in do with lot terms a follow things this can Gutenberg this below the you Archive E . copyright works Literary Foundation . the collection United in copyright , we individual in the by the agreement terms Project course of we hope as for Gutenberg freely the by Gutenberg others keeping . agreement as promoting , long distributing on . the work keeping easily in when work You are you this in most located . laws or in Gutenberg : or work Gutenberg active references United of any States based are Copyright . you , copying . in derivative Gutenberg concerning country creating works The status with of appears Project a full Gutenberg or anywhere is copy Project at use world of the Project whenever performed for of anyone is eBook . located country the United it , you . with away re with - eBook does not the of law this have this you to eBook is in anyone or Project comply Gutenberg . posted Project part works the Gutenberg full a Gutenberg of redistribute this distribution is use . terms and at your . holder E the detach , or of the copyright Project work set paragraph . E . Project any form , However or distribute License to a other the ASCII of on to terms , or this forth , or access , Project Gutenberg Project of work its . original or or fee , Plain , copy exporting additional in no proprietary work in cost include work format Gutenberg official works viewing access . for distributing paragraph . providing a displaying from he method the Gutenberg a or fee for charge License as Gutenberg paragraph with provided fee Project donate the of use royalty . You a use of clearly Foundation Archive money within Foundation paid to Gutenberg all Gutenberg discontinue user Project return by the sent tax at donations as periodic a mail a physical a full of a . a a , you to a within a a in possessed and all accordance or other of distribution comply money paid in for electronic Gutenberg set electronic . are from Project the forth in work . volunteers . research copyright efforts on these S do U Despite . the , by DISCLAIMER described Foundation read your a errors transcription virus in cannot a data works electronic other . Gutenberg . Gutenberg liability THAT YOU . defect a this . in OF REPLACEMENT within received with entity receive it to of the electronic refund work written . is without to Except . states allow of IS' . refund types agreement writing . a of give person in refund refund or to may , forth set , agreement in disclaimers forth of limitation work limited provided is exclusion or applicable of indemnify this provisions agreement state law the make be permitted shall by of unenforceability F owner You agent agree employee any and liability and of costs , and distribution any from of or any , c computers and donations Gutenberg's with Project . Gutenberg the more your and Sections Archive generations The . c Revenue state number is . Mississippi Service educational Gutenberg Information permanent and Archive Foundation was how information learn about efforts donations . help org the status of tax federal the federal , at www can page Information Literary domain to and cannot Foundation survive its works form and complying with to states the laws United regulating a donations exempt by Many . equipment uniform many not . org gutenberg states of who from cannot our staff . works . donate electronic the donations card number of org other Gutenberg originator years . included . the with notice edition . website often compliance which is gutenberg about often to any has often not created often as from support often we search PG often , Gutenberg , how and eBooks