Stand Stand Stand , Francisco Stand hour , bitter Stand He Stand Stand Stand 'Tis Not is there ! Marcellus guard quiet . Friends , honest Give you Holla Horatio . him , tonight of take twice apparition speak appear , us ears down Well we let And are sit your . it to not , seen have fortified two , of the from pole heaven , it — one , like . westward burns same Peace Most thou fair this time warlike buried thee that be and wonder speak . of Denmark I away I Did Together majesty ? the march In Stay speak See ! It , Horatio this ! How ! now ! not might and the : had ; combated When Without Such smote before With twice 'Tis was thou art he once th'ambitious armour he very frown'd He Thus martial particular the this Why night is't Who might foreign not the impress divide be Dar'd For At Does the as to Did he Had Was been . to And which known our in side this forfeit Which His of And motive our watch and , and the be haste may no that like . figure so : so this but this Of his And The A graves gibber in fire and and ere is and it sort through is the high to and and in sick Disasters But , cross earth As even earth Was And preceding omen climatures earth the earth of fierce on , comes earth . coming . use of , earth , earth earth earth , mockery violence so , cock guilty have to trumpet . like , when the . heard the morn , shrill in earth hies or his , a I and ; fire - sounding , season that birth spirit no hath then gracious in russet clad part eastward mantle high yon morn of up watch what , have and we upon speak acquaint , life him ? know , it duty most . brother's death and Lords , I and conveniently . morning , barr'd , bonds much time meeting : have of message those , So all of us our thinking Or the and . valiant most ourself impotent this gait his , uncle , herein full : scope hears Fortinbras rid proportions no this , than . duty duty . the , here are and and made , Laertes Laertes Dane . our show , father Laertes and my whence From show favour my To now I must of have in done France them and though thou leave Your is What to willingly confess Yet He seal'd and me ? leave pardon , leave thine to last . slow ; What , petition hard from wrung spend cousin than kin , less — son my and , on than Hamlet hour best graces But And fair little How so now , my more that it lord thy hang still cast ever , with like nighted nature all common know'st , Good let for eye not seems it If so madam , a friend lids lives must the in that noble 'tis alone my windy nor not madam , Seems it of is I , the to , suits the your father nature of passeth ; in mourning know do To lost lost In To is a grief , heaven to thing and cried theme fault peevish sense unschool'd to unmanly a in be , we An A shows obstinate impious It understanding unfortified the ? 'tis a fault as to , to of think you pray still who Fie the most dead whose till . so reason our of , take world to the throne love his For father toward back going impart less is cheer retrograde to to desire Wittenberg our you our not . son , Hamlet son : of our remain reply fair come you . Wittenberg , go madam to eye her cousin and comfort and prayers and , Denmark a accord in drinks whereof tell solid resolve the - stale O garden gross an of , uses and to , in unprofitable ! would a God fix'd ! flat . had too , Seem Fie That But dead nay That a satyr might her Must By what grows to merely excellent he ? on't tears she , within had yet and too winds Frailty — month Why my those name a on the . of if it Let think remember roughly shoes increase she Heaven Why , My God , that , thy most wicked it most unrighteous month eyes to post . good tongue hold sheets galled flushing to I . heart for lordship . father tears a , to speed , my , lord do I same , my good poor The And To truant faith disposition , funeral . mother's . report ? you you know my that your . depart ere . see that dearest meats upon hard bak'd foe tables . yesternight upon all like upon king all upon upon upon upon upon upon these hear their the , they of , night , me together had - middle and figure them - whilst him they impart the and speak with ; fear length not oppress'd them , Appears By Within Almost their Goes In as , But Did , not , speak to it not I made , kept we . was platform : and would crew head none But even lifted My up It But the upon you made to lord the , it motion the I do we live And sound it 'Tis , Arm'd Arm'd Both , and lord me . up in ? red . pale . eyes than there amaz'd moderate While It was , Perchance If speak And And will the though though Our duty though to though though though your to though mine , though loves Your I doubt My some sit foul earth still , Farewell winds not give sleep ? his toy trifling of sweet of a , grow this No For wide inward nature bulk The Grows now withal and ; of Perhaps he cautel but persons do his be of he believe he loves further no withal and to is place . treasure his may honour Denmark your ear deed particular goes it which importunity my dear affection desire sister . of of prodigal to not beauty disclos'd , the be dew of imminent in else my do to reckless and path thorny pastors good lesson way and . But not own his recks fear not But shoulder There second aboard , in the Give but and no thy in thoughts act means his vulgar , adoption , Beware entertainment steel , comrade . in , few being voice . nor buy judgement , nor ; true day . nor , nor this ; you lord be of nor lender and and both loses oft borrowing my : Thou nor Farewell I The nor do invites take nor any lock'd the Farewell ? you he said to Lord , me told your and : of bounteous . You of caution , free most — Hamlet late yourself . them should ; baby pay true more the with dearly , poor a go , to ; fashion hath you fashion lord thus to it Or , Ay all given in the parley in given believe with his be Believe Than Do of But The Look As to to't bites is What of twelve is it lacks it , doth draughts and my takes swaggering drum kettle he drains of out down , rouse ? mean trumpet pledge . upspring Rhenish reels thus , west observance here custom . phrase swinish and other nations and ; I breach the manner - in , mind my to And Makes They Soil form of plausive say , by Being , Nature's infinite I virtues As His From Look Be with Bring Be King That Why burst Wherein thee up canoniz'd cast dead That Let thy To , his ponderous ! and the fools steel death tell answer inurn'd ; cerements the in , thee to , not again and marble again , corse thoughts With is why impartment did To if beckons horridly our ? away . some It with , But Look this Wherefore to it with desire removed follow means can at be then ; that tempt It It Do my a me it will what thing Or again toward his And do Being waves , my not What if , life the , to the every toys madness your it , Think form sea brain horrible the flood into the my lord , lord of it , there Which draw you deprive And The me off not Hold on me makes My fate cries shall me You me Be shall waves follow thee me . go my me me Unhand — I'll And artery Go ! I Still , say He 'tis not fit what To . Have As as the call'd make a heaven Let's issue Heaven direct , no . come this further ! ghost , not I Doom'd a certain for So Speak thou for art to Till To Are tell and the done in spirit day away secrets the could purg'd And a thy like quills upon hair fretful stand locks start to stars from end — to soul knotted two up and particular must dear thy . blazon tale ; combined ever O didst blood List the this thou list God most , be list love , murder Murder I or , foul foul As May sweep the that , know't this , wings as love with meditation shouldst be on sleeping . ease thou That given me but that out not rots duller Is abus'd serpent Now Rankly by serpent A Wouldst thou stung ; that sting father's , death ear — noble . did wears O and , incestuous gifts seeming falling hand of with and gifts off love whose what his that of wit seduce my hand , it That lust Though So scent the within my on I be Brief My methinks And sate to itself garbage , a uncle air , afternoon of effect man the posset of courses ears vial droppings with blood of it enmity distilment of cursed porches The Holds an of hebenon the in alleys it bark'd vile of milk mine , loathsome of did crust of once brother's . of a queen hand : of sin ; to of my sleeping , crown in , O my all With No Unhous'led O horrible ! imperfections unanel'd my my on horrible the and in , of this thy act her to her bosom thee well to uneffectual Remember . me O earth . fire ! else What ; near , once . adieu be adieu at heaven lodge adieu adieu adieu ? heart adieu Hold not . old adieu , adieu thee grow up globe alone there pressures records while , stiffly , wipe of And with . Meet villain most baser youth books this Ay That Within saws there uncle are sure it , villain brain live copied observation all Yes it ! word remember adieu MARCELLUS My . HORATIO I , sworn't ! to have , Within . Within So , ho ho , Illo , ho is't boy , come it wonderful , tell my O Good news , No I man once think HORATIO , and you'll But , MARCELLUS of I , you'll . it by my heart secret ? my it all in an arrant . from the : and i' point , come dwelling tell right hands — at shall and my pray , there . lord my , you , offend and It I'm . us is what , known what lord is't , faith In My , faith in . swear't . lord my lord . there cellarage truepenny ? seen stage under Cries ha Come boy on , sayst , to swear the . ground my shift your ? Come lay And . Canst and therefore more as strange heaven it earth philosophy think meet never some 'We or thus or in a , before perchance an times , out could and , most need be 'There giving at not your mercy Swear ; or this and help gentlemen , in I pray to . you together lips love his , still The May And That , you is as and perturbed , And all With t'express willing of on lack your shall fingers joint your O together Give these notes lord , lord me , And Marry well , said this some come expense are . My how 'And Addicted forgeries dishonour such you be he please sir What if't , part so are companions youth noted wild heed put so usual slips most and and so mean you wild very and may there ' ; take liberty . lord fencing drinking , may As him ; and , known swearing To , that , lord Quarrelling Ay another , or may open another scandal another dishonour You Faith , you not he another general , another that another . this ? another another . another I know drift I I be crimes — I 'gentleman' addition ' I consequence , or I Very I good I And the ' and phrase country I At 'friend or thus ' the in — What At 'closes sir , and consequence ay know t'other day say , reach bias . have ? truth of . and of directions assays wisdom You , saw There Videlicet falsehood takes and with my former of out me have fare I My How Farewell Ophelia my Alas , now , my . my stockings - if speak To And his hat , I the sewing doublet , I what , upon lord , lord My , of a with he I took with his He other the to — draw a head his , would , me by hand perusal of his so ; held o'er my mine , his of and he said all stay'd and bulk go , down eyes . me piteous little his , me of arm thus waving up , undertakings under I — sorry hard ; my does as oft afflict did I No , given lord repel I am That His his made hath access thee . But to our my he fear'd had And , have you I It cast him with I , love might close . Rosencrantz More it As meant . seems wreck . ourselves in being than which Come for kept move , man call to long to did have I ; and rest your youth thus should so Something Hamlet's Since his I since so of much was . The Of More To That Whether draw you , he pleasures , us unknown as much So That neighbour'd days I . of dream to to occasion much are . thus may your in , court humour our lies , two men our here , glean him As And Might To give up service We Thanks , much And these gentlemen My our make I Guildenstern freely in the full bent your feet at Guildenstern . commanded and gentle . you is some to Hamlet visit . practices , liege good return'd lord my to Both I hast from ? to cause very hath I still the , do of us'd the think do As my it or of — Hamlet's long hear in . them , my tells queen distemper . feast bring and to I do great that main marriage he Norway ? your , that sweet of son's o'erhasty . brother from and other but , preparation our , to to Highness age hand , into truly and ; he griev'd he borne Fortinbras On To Whereon th'assay , which , fee annual overcome of three levied And Norway Gives give Makes his his to , his falsely in and never with in old So his Through That dominions his it such As his his might your It more time well his our and think Answer Meantime his well likes night - together , Polack entreaty an With quiet , enterprise down pass read business . feast we'll this . and us consider'd you thank we business My is but be and Most , your upon madam This majesty day the to should , night is noble the limbs . What liege I brevity what duty is time . mad , madness day , outward of and wit with son but else true with . art with . less all with , art this defect remains . pity with with true art at with . use true true , 'tis A no , with is she whilst the , out 'tis . use a vile the , idol Now gather phrase phrase and this For Good Doubt madam , Doubt Doubt ill am love thee I , Thine But , I that doubt I a sun to this to it Adieu him not machine show'd solicitings ; and is . me , place . ear by his my , time to , that might . on you and me tell desk a I As man a faithful I Or Or What you think this Hamlet she And That should she a a Thence This must young ? prince ' . my mistress love I , no of a make , star gave , fast fruits a and have and positively time wail wherein watch , took lightness and to , done repulsed sadness And Into and Thence and and there from If and me , I . find indeed and I , know . likely , very ''Tis otherwise I prov'd Not circumstances is the that I if , this Within this You I walks it . I though , Here in I him . I I , together to then thereon state . a his fall'n poor reading comes farm I'll If he my Be At time and not But it . carters not , leave , Lord O I do my does , How Away sadly the presently , give you board I'll God Well - a man . lord thousand of as Honest ten to a are my mercy were . I my my would Then sir honest , be if For the to How me daughter sun . you I dead dog , being blessing . He far for fishmonger much . read , Conception he in to Words is , the was What matter , was love my is daughter my . do ? was truly And at was first you by Aside was I was my . suffered words What , was my words was lord — was ? read you that that and the satirical they All are weak - you potently plum that faces I sir For it be sir , with most . Though be this Will you is , tree their sanity honourable replies Indeed Aside not ! contrive sir I leave yet grave ? is lord and his part sometimes and . reason , pregnant How Aside between humbly , take . save . you there . is Fare My ! dear lord most My Lord Hamlet lord ! honoured My dost How children indifferent lads excellent Happy the good are in friends Good Faith parts about you , None secret Fortune my near particular is Then of news Then news , news that world's is news the grown your a . news one news news , o' many the news prison lord . Denmark news , To there my is it . a king mind and the good or of for and have . a is that in ambition bounded so it narrow your . dream very the bad . ambition the itself are ; indeed , Truly ambitious is a quality that it , I is for , bodies wait with my make other I but occasion the upon GUILDENSTERN of , come way I am are inclining Come too , Is ? thanks dear poor friends justly your , with own should , say . good know we looks your the end . I to colour to kind , enough ? me But purpose what me teach love But of by ? which You conjure , our youth , dear me . no What and by the you could of proposer , hold ? direct then Nay direct eye direct tell your direct and direct . late direct goodly the indeed earth direct goes lost all moult my ; not and King , the majestical direct air , know , an My of off lord why I canopy so shall Queen it the to and we so man , world in this but secrecy sterile this fire noble express seem delights by why in of of , reason forgone , mirth brave you seems , fretted a golden and you how . animals to thing form in apprehension me work is this firmament . What a other angel in faculties lord dust an , the quintessence the , of though think players hither receive from they be man lungs are shall or part ; peace delights my stuff said not We service Majesty the what on . me' offer , his foil use coted man his them , o' blank the they . both , ways . the ? tickle shall shall ; lover ; whose in verse th' residence both innovation in ? when the such ? by comes , city means the of the the the Are the ? the — now they they followed I the , so did inhibition their they Do hold the estimation the they indeed that cry call and so for't little are pursue they Who eyases Do grow wonted out on These dare come and a to in no nation wrong the cuffs much means are no — longer children they , like if afterwards , there , bid if quality no exclaim themselves own better on against was sides them ? for the went too . my uncle while they very would mouths , Do , Is't and of Denmark . and , twenty , give in little is his . lived out . the more my father King natural forty , philosophy picture for than it players players aunt . the my from hawk the . When more In - Well , Guildenstern he's the to ; for say is old hearer Mark of out , wind gentlemen you not you — That . ear a swaddling clouts each yet too you at he right news you to to are lord second you see there is twice a time me a news players Monday for , come honour on tell in an Rome . was lord , for the . poem historical . Israel , heavy the treasure , lord only too Plautus pastoral his ass comedy or light for , These what , thou no — and he had fair Jephthah you call Am I not well , my passing Why The daughter What Aside by and , a . lord , my that then wot ? my follows The row friends last , pious pass came first As my abridgement most you lot , look where . show glad am will as , I me to heaven is more like chanson O masters are welcome and thee mistress good you piece all see welcome . above general for — the in in the caviare play . well judgements to whose , heard speak me We'll What speech Come was a . was matters the speech , it there but was nor one the digested , was , especially and author cunning was But in , was was I was no mine received with as , of I were scenes cried set in matter said , One that in , much Aeneas' an honest method sallets tale Priam's to this of is where . he of affectation handsome by To That their With Now vile And dismal total . the , he arms smear'd dismal , horridly , a wrath damned gore . seeks hellish , daughters dismal good dismal discretion dismal dismal and , His coagulate in light streets dismal sons , Priam , dismal fire , So , his at too Rebellious Striking , to drives falls , short , lord Anon , whiff father the Which Th'unnerved to , So , a a base , Takes as like reverend , as But And silence As prisoner Seeming bold vengeance as rend Did , Cyclops' for proof - dreadful thunder eterne Pyrrhus' orb storm some rack still , matter stood stick . to , hammers than her power All fall pause work forg'd new after , the below ; heaven wheel from Priam sword ! her . away the Fortune strumpet , nave too on you bleeding Pyrrhus' take on falls spokes the out long to fiends . or . Hecuba a barber's 'The , the flames robe a that threat'ning clout , stood and down good About With Where late bisson , A this in in caught fear tongue treason But Fortune's , th'alarm all , of . the blanket 'Gainst if rheum ! mobled 'Mobled up diadem seen saw make with lank gods themselves she Would burst move made of eyes gods them at she , heaven has his in colour no , you passion And mortal of and tears in's more the instant made his the In , well you will have thee things has ; out milch where , your My , whipping , deserve 'scape man less thou Dost Follow much better is friend lord ? We'll play The Murder a bounty . tomorrow Take and play study a Ay which , You ha't dozen not ? insert need I you lines sixteen hear well To tomorrow Ay God rogue Follow You Good my lord and . you look friends welcome and that this ye peasant in , a what a his her force in Could it so , b' night Guildenstern to am I here visage all eyes , And his monstrous dream ? he whole What him to weep should What's Hecuba motive for to And cleave Confound mad That he A dull guilty , and with the her he Had John Like And damn'd off A Plucks me As deep I take : and lack gall cannot this me for Who ? it , or ere this be ? region does my Am and . was villain it I most made , and the breaks me it i' blows , No nothing to am oppression - should nose beard life dear defeat calls by Who Tweaks 'Swounds ! as Ha But offal . the ! lecherous fatted should Remorseless I this , slave's make pigeon liver'd a unpack by my very that soul cunning struck guilty it have proclaim'd to the miraculous , most For organ though Before Play , A murder mine him . If and I his upon't at tongue have of but hath looks . than very potent me the the the spirits this damn you by of , quiet confusion no puts his days why And from can Grating does we with a find he feels himself no . confession , these kind have they . it I to beseech'd he my all With To most night about the him This And gentlemen drive we on , We Sweet have as Affront Ophelia for lord give ; heart To and so him a purpose him to my , shall be thus of encounter judge , Hamlet , hither , no happy hope virtues I way honours his Ophelia you , th'affliction We so father I Of If't Ophelia walk . To . show here ourselves bestow , Will Your loneliness pious We such Gracious That We will The O lash a smart . give my , you of . Read on please you book this blame with are o'er devotion's in visage sugar painted most withdraw coming cheek ugly my is Aside . Is The Than him , Whether The And No take my to O Devoutly by more For To sleep that we be To have of wish'd to be perchance When oppressor's For That of the his takes fardels quietus and , of life might these weary after of dread of grunt and bourn of under himself merit , make delay of , of , of the would a of of That To The But No insolence patient sins action , you now , thought turn Nymph ? Nymph receive to remembrances for lord Nymph Nymph in , lord Nymph My I Nymph Nymph Nymph you aught . now long have your does How Nymph humbly , not I not That My And As not not Rich Ha not My you fair not not not be honest and Could , it what Ay truly into his it . This bawd proof my lord you love paradox force beauty a you me made , but once honesty can transform with honesty time gives . believe so loved ? things proud have , than beck thy Go . my play the fool nowhere and earth ways but dowry . for thy ! needs not monsters what . O shut him thee , you this wilt thou Or quickly him powers heavenly face to If a nunnery for ; more live have , and of heard you have . will shall unmatch'd Like , a and wretched what me see . it , sovereign . feature out jangled with I what His seen sweet Nor what Blasted Love Was he affections melancholy which down the Haply Will I some I demand of neglected with determination which sits on the prevent disclose quick to and for shall in something brood , in beating . now do you on't still . love . in he yet What objects : This his of him think , heart ? I of mother , send confine be . shall think . so be ; If please , you Hamlet after . ones him . she find him not great with pronounced it players your of I many , it saw the air you , gently all . of whirlwind fellow O in acquire and who groundlings the of - periwig split for but shows must passion to to . a me to ; offends It , too , pated ears whipped word , it o'erdoing inexplicable Pray your your nature be both ; whose special with action . you tutor the to age nature , mirror discretion your . or , make allowance the have I your be and laugh Now own , the , cannot end the modesty as , in — not players accent so of strutted have very gait abominably and men not them . that , is from and own his it make and , which , there unskilful . others reform'd that that , and so , humanity let And . the the made us nor , of the be a play spectators clowns bellowed the that made indifferently hope , journeymen had imitated have altogether on uses it set down That's in set we I is , King too Queen , players two Bid hear this that . will ROSENCRANTZ help lord . work lord my and make you the the sweet e'en . lord cop'd man conversation As O my ? pomp the should hast do e'er Horatio And in could of the candied absurd poor of fawning distinguish herself men Where and seal'd dear , Nay , clothe For what revenue thee crook thrift And thee man with and are not stop my is they blood That One There I To Whose what Which judgement A Hast That As prithee mine the thou told , with , occulted guilt - a father's the soul act near this . of ; seen one in unkennel of For I is Vulcan's In we eyes stithy a scene not Give Give Give Give Well Get others Give Guildenstern coming detecting aught to Give , the after And the . Give Hamlet Give so : King promise i' King King If he steal play and eat these capons I King our the of crammed th'university nor , have nothing King faith ; I King mine , was King lord . a good King actor ? cannot King you you , now I did That I a did part of brute upon ? stay they sit , Hamlet so . Julius him lord my , mother hither To ! metal you lie do shall in your ? mark I No my lap lord , I think , my . lord my maids' ? between lie That's , fair I You are nothing Ay matters . my Nothing jig the ! maker What and , black and half year two ? But . yet , epitaph hobby horse , forgot , suffer not he unto the then memory two months wear two man's ! let build may whose horse outlive ; must great hope . long ? then devil months churches - the with he Nay a heavens die his life 'For ' ! or is shall he takes bank and a fellow and Queen him him neck show Queen head upon her of poison is and love my means this this What gifts her Poisoner to She seeing , She the Marry the . The with with Queen The lament show know shall by the is means miching keep play ? this Belike you'll that not you naught are him for they tell : any , Will shame For naught , us or show this prologue a As love . a , gone borrow'd orbed with and Tellus' been thirties hearts our wash stooping patiently round . done Hymen sheen our ground Phoebus' cart hath times world commutual us woe from again many salt Neptune's and sacred hands , sun twelve , Make That distrust Yet fear Discomfort I Yet Yet In neither , you , or love my Yet aught , Yet . you holds hath , Yet siz'd love grow is my And what Yet as love , shalt , operant My must Yet And Yet live in shalt — world rest the confound O must second husband needs husband , thee their None Aside the Wormwood second wed In Such leave , to do behind breast ! first belov'd For instances kisses my , I but kill'd the , The second . do but is we own enactures ending passion The Where Grief Their most revels with doth grief joy violence What To unshaken 'tis passion our even world The now , fall Most ourselves when that ourselves doth of either the This love great The And who no their still ends second so end him wilt when give me repose lock trust day , prison my cheer Each An Nor to anchor's Meet Both here I would turn nor and be the blanks pursue widow she If awhile . wife be strife destroy it my face of now , twain this you ? word her keep she'll but how come mischance Madam argument jest , but you O no , Mousetrap we , Marry anon in see , and chorus , your and This have a 'tis how ? Tropically knavish , lord . Let . my . the puppets see you lord the , croaking Begin , groaning take and seeing , usurp estate love of Italian immediately property infected . choice . wife . sleep . world while forest two away some , Why lights light Away , the if Provincial . I one a O , know Half share deer go play ungalled himself rhymed might For a me get , Would this Turk A realm dost This dismantled very , Jove A the ? for perceive whole thou Of take Horatio talk of the word the very well note him the , well Very Come the king he , Come For ha Upon not music music music music Ah music music music if then music Good my Sir lord music , The , the not start plunge signify drink With No in , to your The doctor wisdom lord with ; rather would purgation choler so and this to perhaps spirit If mother's it your do right of not is welcome . are , my and wholesome return business breed shall . lord , diseased . rather as But My Sir ; make more thus no a you can Therefore wholesome you her mother struck But is and mother amazement ; the admiration a . stonish in our mother you Have ere any further . love ? admiration ? me mother's closet . stealers do surely the your ? your of if , Good Sir I she were you your — you so what own liberty lord of you have grass in of advancement griefs to himself the you , bold my if understand that love , one the as Will , To would too sir that be Let me duty well lord I , me Believe pray My be wind me I lord not do as cannot But I 'Tis , thumb these now , would look eloquent to skill utterance any a my music on than a pipe ? speak thing stops know me bless played can make the would God , is like with sir a camel indeed like 'tis Methinks it is Very a like backed Or like whale whale . and . such world this churchyards bitter on time itself as could Now come — When look to . Soft cruel to this her somever ; out breathes let bosom to day mother my , now be be hypocrites consent , soul it Therefore with not hourly grow you may along . endure bound . safe . our The he I your to of England terms keep strength whose . but with it near What's Did Are With all itself single The keep the and Fix'd mortis'd adjoin'd It The depend more majesty of cease like is a upon spirit many . of small Each summit ; sigh you GUILDENSTERN upon . now will pray with closet us - this fear , too to process lord hear the Behind My And as To 'Tis you . I'll Since speech The I'll , arras going and I'll warrant wisely audience Fare . bed , eldest Pray strong not : heaven ere you go to ; mercy , queen my and th'offence the still foul ? serves ? snow as confront my ; ambition ; murder my what . of form ? I , am me I pardon'd corrupted 'tis seen may by justice possess'd , prize compell'd lies above so the our not free be , as to with of steel , faults world this , There oft And , law , true teeth ! engag'd stubborn Be Bow , can , may be , he goes , to . the well heart struggling that , Make assay born Help : heaven praying not villain that , save flush of salary as , full , this and pat That is son my his all heaven I , am . And for . reveng'd No . mother black stays damn'd as . sickly My heaven or of and kick may goes may whereto his hell This prolongs rises and The up , him My Words come his words And that King remain . e'en Pray . straight hath , him home lay never my thoughts without . have mother him Fear I'll round round round , him round round . round round round . tongue much an , hast , mother father what's the matter . wife husband's your the by matter then Queen What's the , to not so you forgot ? me . of you me . part not . set till set I'll down ho , You , Come . ducat rat Draws ! for now How O I As a kill O bloody lady Ay king a what . and kill To Polonius find'st heart , stuff you sit thy , 'twas fool danger against 'twas and have made 'twas of hands your too . not 'twas against rude 'twas 'twas 'twas the of innocent love , 'twas vows rose modesty , a such of oaths sweet doth makes , mass doom . sick , and thunders at as what , loud roars That Look See The With Is visage To This Blasting Here on wholesome his husband brother . your this batten was A An was seated herald and , brow Jove Mercury : seal follows humble it's what that have , sense you judgement your , tame ; blood judgement ? for some difference without - devil ? err choice thrall'd eyes you have for motion have in call at age all blush blind sight hell Rebellious itself fire virtue in part , smelling one ! let canst a but without you of . feeling a , eyes O . ardour shame feeling , hoodman true thy where as doth burn . spots , soul . very tinct live speak . grained ears making . no me enter in Hamlet a O to love , enseamed ; an nasty and to honeying sty sweat corruption mine more the like daggers , more sweet . A more , figure gracious your wings ! with your he's , A kings , his shelf the and empire a put ? to lets ? son shreds hover heavenly You not in time This . sits blunted visitation mother , you Hamlet strongest bodies her it is step but But O Alas in her thy whet to Is Your and like the incorporal your end in gentle excrements you your , lady , alarm , do eye ? spirits , do for perchance have ; this Look . life hold of and , hairs . thy son ? glares he stones , me blood ? that I . is there speak this ? do whom all ; yet nothing you nothing nothing , goes is the where My look his of how it the . ecstasy at even ! he cunning Is pulse as ! creation temperately . doth me to , coinage test madness word coinage It is the which grace your coinage not time keep coinage your madness my for - coinage healthful have the And And My very This I matter utter'd coinage . Mother re Bring will love . coinage ; coinage unction , yourself to within , place . madness ; this part go live the But To make For curb itself these pursy of it , times , beg him in good more of tonight easiness ; doth yet of him . bed a it not a this For to , a it so lord , bles'd . devil the a abstinence next wondrous potency of a and scourge will this a be and him him . a , with be gave bestow a but you are . almost beg when With The Pinch him bloat means tempt , a of fingers , damn'd out madness , his you . good So to ? King cheek your to ravel neck pair essentially with that to you all you , gib , him , a , And birds breath What Would who mad But For Let Unpeg dear No , the , the on hide ? be no . on , the have . I to the the trust seal'd forgot had you . schoolfellows fang'd my work it go sweet , way ; enginer will two concluded , so mandate 'tis own as me : and my marshal For now Come sir in night , counsellor . with heaves these 'tis fit ; on a ? understand while I seen place us , lord good Bestow this What the sea and hearing Gertrude ? wind . In when ? contend fit lawless both 'A kills rat ! ' , there been unseen full had rat apprehension . stir his something cries man old , had threats of O in And yourself how It His have kept be shall you keep it man young This Even the To the body weeps mineral apart , hath for sooner . sun itself O'er would mad We his metals it base madness very of ! with the , Ho Guildenstern ! deed the . aid him bring in haste this , slain and hence — with hath he you call we our pray diameter haply , so world's shot the o'er , Gertrude Into seek countenance and join go you mean to . some further and hath , away , soul Within Who What ? ROSENCRANTZ on , What dust , my that 'tis it bear done And with lord Hamlet ? O with whereto may we counsel replication up , not can — sponge Take But sir officers in needs , the corner , by own not that ; I of Ay authorities them , such am with must of the King thing but King glad , is body lord , with us foolish sleeps and — is speech with . to the The ear . go not Hide is dangerous sent it of where And have not lov'd their , bear th'offender's must smooth is and seem desperate , grown weigh'd , even all at . What appliance desperate But never Where Guildenstern Bring my . know pleasure in us before ! him where lord Polonius ? certain only emperor for , Hamlet e'en at and but worm one to that fed alas eat that of mean hath that Alas , you to man show may Send i' heaven nose see a . month within but you some He this th'other Where To . safety we Therefore . and , is Th'associates and , and hence and knew'st thou and and , is and For and and it them and mother him with Hamlet . Farewell England , But . mother Come . love thereof thy and power if on for Away else yet the hence my th'affair seal'd him speed have haste aboard everything cicatrice thou give sense . awe mayst which conjuring process , Hamlet of us Danish you make , at to , letters haps my thou like must me . eye . king were joys Danish a duty him Go will the that You would aught with . softly We shall in my . Norway sir ? these ? pray . Poland sir main of frontier Norway them of I Fortinbras no a patch nephew to old . fee the or of is th'imposthume the , and twenty it rate to I in already be defend . sir . it will and debate souls question wealth thank cause ducats and ? lord shows much I That God the Why Sure and unus'd capability us fust Bestial which quarter'd , after , A beast gave us three I ever thought Sith cause I Why , precisely or . on thing's do but , or say will tender as ambition or the mass strength earth of delicate or , such and puff'd , event gross or divine and or dare danger unsure a or How straw or , then , stain'd , I blood , plot , fame thousand trick mother , stand , while beds enough be nothing worth , is will She or pitied with time forth . distract ? and in heart . beats she have ; is doubt speaks and father , her , says hems it ; fit nods , yet with ill jealousy true her come sin's in toy my So Each It artless to fearing Denmark ? is for she . may , in in Let prologue be to . true ? staff know Ophelia and his lady sweet you He his is and dead is Say , dead heels you but , Alas Pray God but you ! They a lady showers the - here my ! grave love words of , means know not say we what , Tomorrow Conceit you : when day betime , end make Ophelia oath and , an on't an come they you , before are promis'd You yonder . tumbled not done me she men Alack Gis do't fie for to wed if la By will Quoth So , Young By hath night . cold sweet How And , weep of it . all be well her of . and their in remove death O grief slain spies single people greenly and her fair . done , beasts author mere infect our Will In ear Wherein stick of to himself in , places keeps , his come and mugger is to Gertrude this , my Let door my my my my haste riotous impetuous list . my the matter with The were my . the , yourself flats Laertes offices world my ! to a , word but king be king . ' , known call lord begin him , cry . shall , ' clouds without . dogs false . doors Danes king let's Sirs broke . will . come all good my I O thou leave — so looks . giant cause my between to cuckold What thy go There's That treason such is the Gertrude rebellion but him me it fear king of Cries drop , brands here can of thou art his Why demand his . my I'll not be my man , father my Dead him . fill . my blackest profoundest the Vows , To this pit , I'll my my . father give for my be reveng'd my negligence point I only I . damnation both Most will my , My for And and worlds comes ; shall to with . draw death will the , them world , well friend certainty revenge my rendering ope both in foe and , death . wide you Will And Repast like his Why , thus pelican it for grief in to her ! How What noise eye judgement your your is come in that seven times ! salt of mine of be beam sense and virtue , wits 'tis thus a move not - down persuade ! dove well it thing hey a the bier tear him matter pray that stole remember . than . daughter It , down it rosemary document you for , there me that's ! is for , and daisy end good when it wither'd For bonny Robin , with may but your There's fennel A We and . of a o' There's father They not not soul moan . not snow . bed to not And Go He not not not And Make you choice they of , If us our touch'd direct and patience lend to shall give it jointly in we To ; all our you will but of this sword , nor obscure his , earth , bones ostentation o'er burial to noble heard where I And pray ? would fall the with you Sailors not Let they What I him you bless bless know greeted them , sir . They when the sea slow . King pirate at the ourselves to means some two valour clear like of and ship me . Reads old days chase repair words to turn good thieves them our of for the thine bore am speak thou light with I . Rosencrantz them me to of ear the King much Let will I will Come where of , I my knowing . And Sith That my your and in your conscience put heard me noble a heart which must Now But Lives may virtue yet Which My She's me mainly You were stirr'd , special seem reasons , his , motive not faults might The . in turneth ; the all spring to Too Would , like Why could to Who his And where reverted his loud their to that so so a again terms , again lost bow my general dipping timber'd not have Convert slightly gyves Would the a had father revenge the , will age back . dull danger hear with not all of . set them eyes am I kingly naked your , thereunto leave you I your and more shall know hear . Claudio brought them He ; saw I . strange see recount to mighty asking shall , Reads . such come rest the all he lord . But . no me my it very advise here ' . abuse , hand the ? my his , ' ' , means return'd heart him teeth in . him me lord a be , my it so , by ? device fall . he If his undertake now ripe will but choose in I he if his his But To As the an And could falls You Wherein And have Did My of Hamlet's of much , youth less that careless settled The As Of the unworthiest , serv'd horseback , demi he and he . tricks my , and So of of Norman . shapes A was't incorps'd in forgery Come I he such to brave witchcraft my short in't Had him And you made of all of your defence report , nation and your out rapier exercise had Did swore oppos'd He If one For And he cried especially match neither could That that And Or are I see or is nothing his in And For should We Not that lives qualifies that kind A Dies do goodness too own , That To your what like hands ; 'should' . comes then are would and delays this as we still abate will that snuff , in , th'ulcer sigh many 'would' changes : accidents ; spendthrift quick the abatements , is would in murder . you undertake father's words . Laertes ; sanctuarize But your come your good No And The wager on Most generous the peruse little for in him will your I'll a my anoint of bought purpose that an but simples that no that it mortal draws sword Requite a a , pass . choose contriving all mountebank rare virtue death means fail performance , slightly touch be . be not our what to 'Twere be And fit us better drift be our convenience further Let's a blast in more and be me , that might this bad should hold be Therefore through second be think Weigh shape be that did If Our How another's hold upon ? but may your , sister's . venom'd purpose O , where willow , a drown'd heel prepar'd him , stuck garlands , give grosser glassy aslant there doth tread woe follow So fast One crow And But - Fell mermaid the Clamb'ring There liberal nettles shows an That an an our in on her an boughs an pendant maids to hang cold When - an time Which As an one like a she an Till Pull'd that element poor an . Alas , To from death muddy . drown'd , lord blaze , gone holds , would , her it Christian burial again rage his start seeks wilfully crowner salvation burial in , and therefore sat on thee buried when is she How be do an : and act and , you , here goodman stands delver will and him drown ; good man nill he his he three point lies For the hath , death own law the it guilty had not crowner's more great folk o' Christian burial but . profession up : the to pity is . a quest a Was He was world , say'st buried - makers There . spade thou countenance even . this the drown more or in ditchers ever he , thyself — confess , The Scripture the ? the put ? Now argal ; outlives the mason a ? shipwright But . ill may . tell , Marry , now me than , tell a mason , Who builds I tell . not , say 'a a a , Go a next liquor a a . hath a employment a his a in of the I there him it of the hand him But ; him little made him - making him him hath Custom him him claw'd him skull had th' to a ? mazard Did . my Ay these with to at trick For pickaxe a of clay meet the is guest spade revolution more ache a - shrouding a pit such another quiddits with Hum does a Why and a , his fellow shovel might quillets , be this his may For , rude and his cases , that be tell not This statutes will scarcely breadth have and of recoveries him . recoveries lands Not his will knave suffer he length dirty more in's fine , Is vouch , this the pair , calves which Mine , seek fellow my and to , a jot not guest , lord of a , thine on't it indeed for . mine the it is thou liest yours 'Tis for yet therefore say and . thine . dig again from . it , in't quick ; and lie in't that woman sir to be soul We ; a was One By Lord is the picked his that , man no must rest absolute us the heel all near the days Hamlet , year th' knave , o'ercame I he is is . day England England shall maker courtier the of the Cannot you i' young Ay — he , marry , he 'Twill why was not seen Faith , e'en How with what wits ? sexton . i' as we have pocky he last many boy been years ere . year more tann'd water is this ; now skull a hide his is your - twenty was and so . Here's . water dead body mad a skull once pestilence Let me . him This for was This . fancy abhorred hath knew , hung now ? to and of that ; it be Here now ? grinning tell your I most , infinite gorge how one songs imagination your kiss'd favour your now to Not ? I borne me and a thousand jest rises and were her let and chop the that I and Quite set thing . that paint wont and laugh one come smelt and so , my ! Why and it Horatio find he ? Pah i' lord o' looked Dost uses what To thou think Alexander . Alexander ; And not a bung so . hole imagination lord consider him is was barrel - dust he to away that Imperious that of thus Should stop that a patch thus soft a thus not dead thus t'expel aside ! But thus thus The Fordo thus loam make thus and soft , The , Might ; courtiers such with Queen And O but , a else follow ; doubtful was the . far death as been we What unsanctified Her enlarg'd have prayers on , her . to dead of . peace the requiem Lay her , flesh such sage there - and be done more burial . and more Must Scattering tell thy flowers bride tell And A tell . thou . minist'ring When bed strew'd have tell the to my treble woe cursed earth tell a sense tell . tell ; maid . grave ingenious quick have . Pelion blue once off most that been have shouldst ten deed treble , deck'd mine and you the Olympus wicked of caught Hold thy in the emphasis wand'ring an such Conjures Till To Bears Like Grappling with fear I Thou take though prithee the the wonder - Hamlet . devil well my throat ; hand Away asunder my quiet them , what theme will fight will Good lord this theme brothers of , thou'lt , throw them her in leaping prate a Millions And if Singeing like I'll rant Nay the . zone let mountains . as the as , burning till , thou ? eat a crocodile to and , whine I will us of with pate acres quick thou of thou : work couplets silence His that , And the ever female as will the thus no But drooping golden patient But you Let The But I what he wait patience Good This But But But the , grave then But hour We'll I pray , good upon him But . circumstance there it my . remember a Methought , the You So for my Our There's indiscretion do plots than would the be Rough deep mutinies in , That And When That Up a Worse our my my I sea my scarf'd my from my out own their grand Oh Larded my Importing ! with Denmark's health bugs , my stay my should not royal such the to head My my and Here's But and the , thou and wilt the no in ! knavery With and That , and ho and had I make benetted Or could a and , as and statists to sat and brains me it labour'd sir Wilt , our wrote , it write yeoman's to baseness , me forget I Being thus How did The As That many the on stand between England earnest conjuration these amities , or sudden more of her 'tween allow'd to time shriving seal'd bearers the should Not - was How Why Which I had even in my it the And And debatement view further know put , signet this father's in the of that was was : changeling writ Was our sea the heaven plac'd my ; that form Now defeat this love . baser they not are near my make Rosencrantz to — points comes upon conscience come . see evil ? business to myself cause I'll his very And Peace Into to For a The man's That Your my back who tow'ring his did me ? waterfly this . him . I as to Denmark to beasts , know good 'tis a lord vice welcome thank the possession mess more of a , for No beast 'tis know , lord He say , his to . hot the . head . were with use leisure Majesty of all , lord it receive will lord my , his Majesty ; is is It it , I wager on , cold lord indifferent lord good faith my , your very head bade , this the matter is ease you beseech is of quick of the and or part , a and in . article great true diction . But memory of , and his umbrage him , I though , nothing infusion the him his more yet know , of . more will , our sir , Laertes tongue the another really in Laertes . this gentleman Laertes Laertes spent not Laertes excellence ; Laertes Laertes weapon man well Laertes I a in meed his lest of me You sir I did confess to , for know that , were to with has as girdle , take , dear responsive Barbary the most carriages , the the conceit . hilts the are sir you , to very carriages margin the if be must The liberal phrase The would I Barbary you exceed would sir , three imponed that's all that laid , assigns , it you three against bet , the we till might swords the the and . Danish twelve , And vouchsafe would passes between brought win the . gain , flourish so nature . your to . tongues . are there , himself duty you . e'en odd , for I my deliver after . hits will what no head on has he , fanned of only — the bubbles brings most trial you the in them out . to drossy dotes a shell his he them you his blow time that I outward habit the through of age . sends Osric but play him Majesty , lord to I My ready mine constant fitness speaks to , am hold him pleasure purposes , now In some fall time play before The use you . I do practice all's not about . so shall She will odds . wouldst not . lord gain - forestall in ; yet now of There's special will it leaves , he to . 'tis what augury but but is hither perhaps , we aught your ; it , mind whit Since if If no Come , now not not has now be Hamlet , If he's not be , himself Laertes , so ; exception , does Hamlet . denies His faction poor wrong'd , awake your nature here it then is it Then How might Free That the His Hamlet Roughly does , And Hamlet Sir my so have shot my And I revenge masters and , some aloof will precedent of known terms of . no ungor'd my a name and like But voice by I have Whose my stand Till I do I To motive in . wager frankly . love offer'd till , time . come foils will one by this , mock fiery a the star Your I'll star be shall star star star Stick off indeed hand star young well , lord have Let . have star me , Hamlet star . the Give Grace Your he . seen o' my odds weaker side . both , foils . likes is This well These have a length . wine of to union cannoneer the . worn to King . Give bear a , Come my Hamlet , Hamlet . on One . Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet Come Hamlet Hamlet , give . Another this play I'll Come , carouses fortune Hamlet thy . confess rub madam napkin of , Good Gertrude , will A take win and my drink me poison'd madam . him now . by too I'll . think't . not yet not is ; is I pardon me . face thy By , third afeard you lord Aside with your . Laertes , you Have at for . you wounds Hamlet ; Part Nay Hamlet then ; they wounds them bleed as Why , is , my it ho How Queen sides the to I drink , the O Ho . thou do thee there In in is and on again , life here mother's Lo in thy thy the too to , point The Never envenom'd King ! LORDS and venom envenom'd . Treason defend thou off this incestuous Drink It Exchange my forgiveness a is with is murderous but I . my temper'd , come on thine of it I . here . Hamlet , cause am to Queen thee , this this sergeant tell chance death I I , and my fell follow act adieu aright dead could , you it Roman liquor a man . Dane , breath awhile draw ever , is noise warlike my story world thee unknown Let left wounded live thy felicity thus Horatio me hold what didst tell good If Absent . from this Fortinbras To ambassadors . from Poland Horatio , prophesy news - o'er hear He rest , quite , This flights Which Now a angels . solicited with him I So cracks Why heart noble Good thee come ? sight your , shot , death proud O . cell wonder woe it ? bloodily in havoc feast That The sight our is tell are is eternal give is commandment come hearing is ? is is . late us is dismal from is of commandment , is placed th' to the acts So about speak me a , Had Polack upon life this and this forc'd and , I , cause can , England you bodies unknowing shall upshot inventors' Truly noblest the us haste to embrace in sorrow of my memory I my audience . it hear kingdom fortune this on put And Fall'n All deliver Even Of And I me And with claim to some , call Which I mouth this prov'd now from shall his On and like men's let cause , war . much him . as put , on . this soldiers here a shoot the . loudly , Such bodies field Go Becomes Updated Exeunt , bearing off editions not a is will of editions S . old U by GUTENBERG except paying , you if Gutenberg you do for license Project is . trademark trademark this complying eBook be of the use works be reports Gutenberg this may modified the is States performances nearly with United law , Redistribution Gutenberg especially copyright including If charge , may in ANYTHING do by . practically . S Gutenberg distribution any or accept trademark the all of this . fee Project agreement agreement electronic work By reading indicate of a must you and copy agree you agreement electronic . destroy . Project Section www terms If you this any paid the may obtain not do . of Gutenberg work It a with way is full this things and works a if access lot the E Archive you Project Gutenberg the Foundation the the in . below Project who only may a . do electronic are of this Literary copyright Nearly by . States in the , as Gutenberg long this terms collection the do , all copyright distributing United removed . in is are collection Project works United . States claim that displaying States prevent you derivative will compliance name the works the are Project by of the agreement its format with terms Gutenberg in . what . in distributing laws state do can check E Unless concerning derivative work works copying based , this the this of you same copyright The of downloading the country you , following phrase Gutenberg immediate . agreement the or representations access on This are of . whenever have the Project the use org If eBook with using copyright electronic Gutenberg S with before away and with - you the most under and States online the posted and the the distributed this law permission phrase . Project are E must comply . or . the , with . the paragraphs a . it by U is work or or and terms Additional . Gutenberg . use . copyright E copyright of an of access is any or , a notice indicating States for . Project the additional E posted not permission unlink the be comply . permission will must . work with forth of or of beginning this . with permission . E with with Do License to not , immediate or up , to the You marked on ASCII a or the to . terms paragraph work . format official a provide any the website cost copy , or a a in format , in used work Gutenberg must , in access as form a at Project original or fee paragraph or The . E viewing works E . Gutenberg . or from Project must or is method the works of provided reasonable Gutenberg gross the that distributing of your of fee Gutenberg under on payments prepare Project Gutenberg in Project notifies specified the taxes . to s fee paid he be who Gutenberg refund and by he the in for free Gutenberg Project group agreement work in set . money You paid of and possessed works works paragraph . you if full of works on must the Foundation Gutenberg the may efforts on a or a , be to copyright they disk or damage or other inaccurate for . Except , of other , paragraph owner F a legal , Foundation DISCLAIMER your or , not Despite . collection , corrupt intellectual the , transcription but , infringement virus errors limited damaged defective computer including , or Project Project all STRICT Project the the , NEGLIGENCE NO OF RIGHT this defect the entity receive work electronically may to may to opportunities defective further is second . Except without . F . Some states disclaimer exclusion state make or to provision the be any or applicable law to of set shall hold electronic , the The . this maximum agreement Foundation the of and volunteers liability occur associated any , distribution arise or that cause , Project deletions which additions or the accordance agreement of : to b cause the - readable about in is formats old the people from efforts of financial are that critical generations walks reaching life of aged the by hundreds , all was come to about the created efforts your more for Foundation need and Gutenberg Project donations at Gutenberg a laws by of identification by Foundation's contact gutenberg . be Donations to the is its carry licensed is cannot and upon donations Information page is USA , office deductible is . are is Foundation to is public is increasing in machine including is status is committed with important to . is states and uniform fees solicit not and not confirmation many To state states . any for of from know in donate cannot received of compliance particular locations up a where we who . in SEND no states such . Project works and created loose included as is with the particular search . Thus by org has . Project Project information : www start facility people . This , our how Most subscribe Archive including Foundation to how website