? live Long me King the ! bitter , night , Well of rivals Not you Have The If do and bid , this to liegemen you soldier , there is . again appear'd him piece what , Welcome . What minutes entreated twice take belief have I to watch will not 'tis if this the apparition speak eyes sight have this , seen Horatio our says this With may approve again He us , let us , What Well us And Tush That down 'twill . not awhile our seen speak , fortified sit so Last The where beating . now Had When same like the like Most scholar ; the like that's it , Horatio to ? not a it Thou It It spoke be would . warlike majesty fair this Horatio it , of heaven By It march ? See that that art which , Is now might avouch answer not ! fantasy tremble , on't think something you What Of it thou very the like not was and true ; combated thyself eyes , Norway sledded He smote frown'd Good nightly foreign might What such not Why And Why sit labourer sweaty week to scope and gross some So last King Norway of , pride , us Hamlet him esteem'd to Our so goes but of by life , all seal'd our , those ; lands cov'nant competent his had the , same compact , Fortinbras , the design'd , full , resolutes , young and hand foresaid I lands it . take chief head rummage watch our haste no armed Comes Well I this by So The Is source it may through be other our but sort this . comes fates together on demonstrated . earth , star moist with harbingers earth the prologue even And to doomsday precurse omen coming fierce earth still the , earth earth Stay voice , earth , me to earth grace may of thy walk in womb spirits oft , and my partisan it at if will not stand ! speak ! mockery majestical , of air show ! gone , the , as to started malicious blows , the about speak , is that , Some Wherein The bird say our they Saviour's , birth 'gainst is all spirit The , And No we Do Break This spirit Where Let's do't we shall in I pray find him most this Laertes Cornelius Lords , To That with be one wisest with we sorrow , on woe state joy , kingdom whole it brother's us death Attendant and our Hamlet that think . and brow fought , of discretion ourselves our queen , as 'twere jointress Th'imperial Have Lost To Now To business Who Thus for our by Importing not with be to to time we young to all dispatch have here hears levies : law writ suppress made , are here , and to ; purpose that and Cornelius to business To Of further nephew's gait of and You And And lose your of us now all CORNELIUS , allow King haste and your these ; told What Dread favour though Denmark the mouth the is't , Laertes ? to heart ; done France and leave again the hand The Than now thoughts them and I is more is head in wishes and says pardon in to France return your , in leave ? go to ; in in But Aside in . little in Take thy fair , best my beseech I hour I , graces Upon his thy do the A that it clouds I lord now than is How my , not let Seek for Passing know'st Do cast look ever noble , nature madam , Ay . lids , Denmark die . must . common eternity lives ? is to thee particular good black breath the , man show play seem seems , mother the visage shows suspiration Nor No with are actions , haviour customary Nor , Nor they that fruitful windy truly the but within the That For sweet filial his But some father the forc'd Together I can give denote me These must , your father commendable mourning obstinate stubbornness will unfortified understanding we An But heart shows It we know Of should heart to Is , a a heaven , persevere to is the immediate let the throne take theme , impatient mind be must simple Why against the dead and till We pray think our of world your . father and you nobility in bears our to school his to son note , son , Wittenberg . Hamlet desire eye : remain our our , madam to , accord unforc'd my great the to and Denmark the cannon that earthly speaking But Be , mother not 'tis ourself to heart in health loving a Denmark shall shall today . reply come obey and you thunder ! would melt Come O ! world unprofitable ! fix'd not O this God . tell , again , away flesh ! not to so ! had into itself resolve and Or That what it That to might too beteem loving of hang had winds my to gross rank it nay excellent a By which Let longer brother no with of , father , to Heaven would within a month woman him name uncle — reason were body she grown , those beast , but the flushing father's My Would me It my to , nor to in of O wicked her most . tears ! Niobe , salt married — am break But With not it for heart cannot come my well you lord : hold I ! must forget , Wittenberg see . Good in you , disposition faith . report so ; violence own say sir . to see drink affair came to I think , lord prithee I My I my it thrift Did , coldly heaven funeral marriage in tables bak'd . it meats dearest my lord , father's funeral Horatio that day Horatio wedding mother's my see , father . The follow'd hard foe met I Thrift ever My In , my mind's I think I , was saw goodly . again like for a his I lord ! your the ? My The an With ear admiration a till attent , I while you may these to witness This the In together let Season Upon King my the encounter'd Barnardo For before and , figure , stately oppress'd truncheon's point whilst surprised , This of they with middle of - walk'd , father , eyes ; fear them - on the watch your , These Where Form The the as them night kept to me watch where we to speak not you ; father in they word knew like and time watch had each . this platform ? more the ; comes our then the , head as in sight ; address would but tonight it . me troubles in this , my from . watch , let we And indeed think writ sirs , strange . 'tis our true down know , We you the it and say . my Hold do MARCELLUS you Both lord ? up pale very countenance more What yes , Pale , frowningly sorrow in he wore his beaver . upon constantly . eyes ? you Most had been amaz'd . BARNARDO Longer one like moderate Not While It would with MARCELLUS watch it again . father's person itself hell . you , hold bid If assume speak you have my peace your hitherto Let be warrant . conceal'd , silence ye pray sight tonight . well all gape , but , well , play : soul would still sit father's Your , arms ! my to you is not eyes benefit . Farewell . not winds , give men's them will come . the assistant as necessaries sister hear in , sweet toy ; minute a violet And A The Hold For doubt that ? lasting , No perfume In of withal permanent no , not himself choice depends soul and doth his this of on persons not more so but but of Perhaps his The virtue wide thews For Unto the main the Denmark to says that unvalu'd will For greatness Whereof Or your honour he ; himself for may is fits therefore and He with give Out of Ophelia To your too weigh his in head sanctity And he , or chaste moon . his it Be Too And Fear , the itself before their and most youth . brother do lesson else near ; But father rede his fear of and But this of heart steep a path treads . too like some ungracious thorny not th'effect and here recks O long double second I in stay these stay'd the . sits There shoulder , upon is a aboard your blessing no act vulgar tried ; tongue memory with . sail . shame you , steel entertainment Beware : in , comrade their with thy , and no but , beware purse few unfledg'd thy can the man chief , rank best proclaims ; fancy France as in not But every of This : Farewell For For Take each man's censure thy edge thine , all Are of and my not canst humbly oft : follow my I invites Farewell What I Ophelia said to you tend . the , to night self be true ; man thee , well your this in go The . said he , Farewell memory is't Ophelia yourself you Hamlet . my What please , something touching So Have well , me told be it audience as ; late put most to time private your so way behoves hath hath truth many . hath . you tell must and Marry in hath it not As You that 'Tis hath Do ! know hath a think . green . made up tenders , late to speak perilous as call like , Of Unsifted you my You his ; a . I pay ; baby true more of you'll fashion given fashion I do not sterling thus Which you'll yourself the crack have me tender — In you'll not to he , Ay you'll Ay When you'll the the springes And Lends With you'll Giving all call ; you'll vows speech go heaven it to , these extinct , do of holy the , burns blood Even You , tongue in , Believe And a command , with your scanter . few may tether their In a fire for . maiden for ; presence is he rate ; young he that him vows which in given mere Breathing The would not obey the come . talk so words I or . you slander terms lord cold Hamlet ways draws season . near , down of mean not , What does spirit Indeed doth and the tonight drains The King the held his , takes and here custom , custom . pledge am it of tax'd headed to mind in heavy And And More This traduc'd , and our clepe They As The His for in Carrying form breaking By , of some , livery I habit manners Nature's or they as , defect men grace , comes doubt corruption as may censure pure evil defend or heaven from of health wicked a of ministers and spirit Be thy in burst cerements ; Dane royal thee ! again his their not , with airs grace such or , burst ponderous we our shake marble ? of fools glimpses , bones me That I will Hath thy father , King Wherein op'd canoniz'd we saw , thus corse and reaches To some ? go desire . the the beyond this horridly hideous thou That Revisit'st night So thoughts is with alone of . do what should do itself Being soul to the a pin's it I . ground no by will It It And if deprive of flood as thing a And What That The Or might And place more Without Which beetles I tempt some waves some . toward the to there some , my lord , summit base into , motive some hands some , madness looks waves . some into of desperation , it some not fathoms As lion's in still me on Go away make a , go Hold imagination that ; fit thee thus body this to — Something . call'd let's the , him Denmark will issue what To in wilt I'll go ? come this . of . lead Speak Nay Whither Must render ! flames I I Alas Mark up poor but not ghost . me me I is what , shalt , hour and tormenting . shall , To Pity for foul crimes thy Till Are burnt And purg'd done certain am father's my that whose freeze from , word spheres , forbid part young thy lightest , O — of wings ; hear , youth weed wharf orchard Denmark ear my , on Lethe , know did his Now O With From will what — won seeming - virtuous of hand That Ay I those in , me went whose a most ! to it of wit seduce love wit , with adulterate lust orchard my the . morning , celestial garbage within thy of . on prey be secure , let Brief though to a air , vow the with ; shape angel , link'd ; a it gifts natural it mine , of custom scent of the hour , whose of of through posset about . a crust of of account of ! sent of imperfections , but ! all disappointed the , with most - lazar And The Thus was of a life Most Cut No Of Adieu all couple I host O shall And you And Ay distracted ghost stiffly , O adieu ? grow fie ! my ? else me ! Hold , old ? thee . up all forms Remember earth ! Remember holds , not ; a ? villain Denmark a it I observation alone of by brain heaven down ! it smile and ! be word . me adieu , may O you it . remember lord have I HORATIO and my MARCELLUS . sworn't Now . lord , Within Heaven him . Within . Illo Come , lord noble Lord . secure my boy wonderful it it , lord , lord my , news , once think man be , and of heart lord , all come ? it . Denmark lord you'll But Why so ghost But my villain a ne'er this at we and and point , I'll business for — business your For These no offence , your is Yes And an honest , to desire too , let is soldiers . good scholars , one , you , me between . Patrick known lord , but . My Never Nay swear't will MARCELLUS . tonight . this , Come Ha Cries you the stage the seen have . the . fellow Art thou , truepenny boy , Never to ubique your of Come And this hither by you our sword have upon my . that Swear Canst , friends so gentlemen Swear ? hands , Well A , et Hic , day , old O you As I strange How Or could 'There some or seeing disposition help philosophy your never before of as That Here With arms to by That mercy at your Swear know you we we , Or list So As such and With , my what t'express not . poor I 'If or ; aught . ambiguous Or , do . is to , you gentlemen , you you Hamlet me So . Reynaldo . and , my will marvellous these you do shall wisely him Of , Give lord Reynaldo good notes . Paris Look did I lord Before you encompassment my particular some 'twere demands distant mark son know this What And thus do question ; keep , his this , well dishonour As What , are such , may But in Take part Ay part But Addicted ; and there none slips 'not wild put , mean well heed him youth As To companions , my lord say you be if't forgeries , is meaning That You may fiery of in savageness lord open but the general That's The my they flash not : seem outbreak But A and of a do my must as you That not put another it , lord should Of his ; so quaintly ? blood . you drift my . mind would I unreclaimed assault that good , fetch a is it , my Wherefore this , crimes prenominate you soil'd be , assur'd on warrant . consequence th' son ' my country the him or sound addition , to this was What , good or my sir — does 'Good sir According then He mass the By was At I And to the and does Very lord , I in . 'gentleman about something ! there and ' ay he , say did ' the : know ' day , you : and say now truth . o'ertook t'other ; of of sale' reach as advice my By With : he , indirections Videlicet There then , we : falling , He closes saw a Your with you thus or : such forth falsehood brothel him yesterday , carp or , bias : of you ; well have me of ? out . fare yourself you . in lord . my . lord his music ply him . Alas what How , now Farewell what's I Ophelia matter name the of in , his gyved , and upon Hamlet ? chamber all doublet affrighted purport in - his so . me of his , foul'd hell knocking , to , fear had with sewing stockings head each do wrist the not for ? and length I , but said , And with horrors do me goes At lord of hand other he comes before me he love , mine his his hard , shatter so sigh a rais'd thrice last he of shaking waving Then draw a his . without seem'd And As He he way went . find He . out For seem o' As . head the his to done very the And He . end would and down . King , passion leads This go . his he me is Whose will as you to given my , Come with our violent property to but his His No What . any access And did made ; him I am of but and as sorry , trifle wreck to not I and our he me It afflict that him That does lord That sorry meant I have hath . thee is . must good with To heed beshrew to the go it I did repel proper Come to am quoted which This . for , More To better fear'd in lack known need , discretion And seems cast is , Our be to have we Moreover , than ; Resembles , being to you Something sending hasty The , use it much , hide to utter love . and , inward I and entreat Guildenstern nor both you of that long brought see you , up the did provoke court our so heard by here afflicts and with him living not are talk'd youth himself hath , remedy , to on young . I , thus occasion much so am , open'd from to , rest his you of much lies occasion profit your expend the two Good And For occasion , visitation and to show he occasion Your sure occasion To As To whom occasion As us adheres , fits occasion the your to sovereign dread freely in , both obey majesties a by ourselves , you up service commanded Put Than and , pleasures entreaty Rosencrantz And into to , Thanks Thanks We and you changed much too son bring To give helpful our the your , gentlemen Hamlet Guildenstern . our Pleasant , beseech And these , from Th'ambassadors , good and . my you presence practices , soul , amen news I to Are the , And my Assure , joyfully lord hold Both to my Hunts it duty God us'd very of Have I my the that not cause first shall news My been brain lunacy I , hold long to and th'ambassadors source , do do head son's speak admittance them sweet it father's to death Thyself my be the fruit , your our Well me and is we , Say that , but o'erhasty good Voltemand His all distemper the . greetings he , out friends suppress sift main appear'd Polack he 'gainst , him truly age hand return he into in which Fortinbras , Highness , On Most fair from our Norway uncle which him ; Majesty against Norway he arrests the fee your in and sends griev'd impotence the in brief shown arms ; whereat , before ; in more quiet give It so borne levied Was falsely thousand commission entreaty might such rebuke him regards therein And his as please of are It three of with annual enterprise it give th'assay overcome set our Answer And With an and , we to Through think for at Go , together home safety night allowance . down . us you to business feast we'll This My us Most more you , us us likes welcome and day is Were Meantime thank should , at us , outward define it will nothing is what day soul but us Therefore noble is't call And day , of . mad , ended , madness is . art to is is . no with 'tis be for Your is duty , time but no foolish flourishes pity 'tis true art . wit mad use thus by of of . will A at all . mine is comes use , she . surmise remainder the 'tis use cause , use and , gather — out . effect . Perpend mark the ; use you but , the the duty this use celestial the To But us cause idol a phrase and That let grant him soul's my and Hath I we find cause and , a , and ; awhile stay , and ? and — I from and vile faithful to phrase will : and most beautified is hear . art believe have . liar are , Adieu this . love reckon above , I Hamlet fire obedience But be a means I . daughter to . ear not it love , place most O best , she given hath machine me think might a how more whilst solicitings Thine time in to of would prove had As man so perceiv'd , love I this As All of hot , daughter I receiv'd and seen it Majesty think What fain told ? I heart young play'd No thus round sight - or with dumb table mute : work , you , might and you tell what think on must , queen your desk me winking idle I book bespeak then I of prince And , mistress from thy love herself I the precepts . messengers took fruits no a a out lock should , she , receive be no repulsed sadness , then , a , the madness And think now , thence all into a Fell 'tis wail , may be wherein , we lightness you , watch to Into It a time Do been have very such there I When Hath That prov'd Not this Take truth is this hid Where circumstances from If know You At such a Be Mark you the And be Let me not But be We Away , board look But I'll Well Do How you Excellent I be honest , to the sun breed Have a , dog . my lord , in a dead blessing a , to't look is my said ? fishmonger far on . extremity . gone a — suffered , he , lord my you . read . men . harping I was . grey . down my lord , eyes here and set a in't ? backward sir ; says I as old not they to . their . sir beards ; that , most should , gum hold , hams Though Will that are Indeed o' Into grave madness delivered be I , out that from except take , Fare , withal cannot , well , old tedious meeting means of anything most my you my me life These fools my Lord Hamlet save you there ; go . To Polonius seek dear the sir ! the happy ? ye both ? how most lads over the do thou How are not dost are we not of Good we that , children her lord in the Nor her live Neither , Fortune lord None of my Faith the , doomsday news my prison true is good you friends not deserved . to hither ? question more . a my one prison a many . being Then . my , not th' world so the is there o' , lord she sends wards confines , worst lord is it prison too narrow . there for and me ; for To is good nothing I nutshell were , merely the not bounded , indeed ambitious are dream is but shadow ambition is so ambition of A hold a shadow's , bodies Shall we to th' our . but and airy monarchs . a for very a of the . light , by fay For . rest of . you at . attended servants the make Elsinore other . dreadfully thank not you you Come , Were . I occasion . but halfpenny free . visitation ? speak , most am I man an honest friendship a what , thanks no , are ? Is it , my , my too say nay Come a lord come ; were You which and for your modesties Queen have have ; and not lord my . your end , purpose let me looks what , know To King . consonancy and our good of be for direct what love But and or Guildenstern . To no by even have lord off My , so were . of ; shall eye we I the lost all my and so no goes for sent moult anticipation Queen not it me heavily prevent with to , this , feather you golden fire look , how sterile a express in pestilent how and a like a noble and , is , yet fretted moving And with . not say me god you how stuff such my , in no ; me I to seem in coted service what not said delights them , you delight . to on not 'Man offer We — his way Majesty shall . the target man foil end his part and , his shall tickle players humorous players whose lungs welcome shall laugh What are use players they mind such . freely delight players take Their in means . both residence of players , ways both did the followed players in not the when ? the players innovation I was in are Are ? top fashion sir on now — many , question come thither scarce , there them . wearing is they escoted of the are Will they ? the players — as that them writers not the and for went cuffs do succession in their sides own while was ? a player about of no the nation to his Hercules it away throwing the much lord Do King my father lived too . money Denmark load , find philosophy little those , twenty forty . brains 'Sblood could , come , give picture , in if , with , are than aunt dear my When - from . west a uncle north what north In hawk be and , I hearer . swaddling an a That man is old southerly . you them me child of news tell . clouts . You in . indeed Roscius lord Monday 'twas . was my . Monday hither Upon , Monday Monday The actors Monday The in comical historical pastoral - for Monday came news have the comical be and . the Seneca pastoral , Jephthah cannot Then - pastoral each of What of fair , no lord , ' my on loved — are too only . historical - poem the , light , men hadst , i' Still Why which 'One Jephthah , lord follows ? a . I that . For look was . show most wot more as , pious , came It the to chanson abridgement , my to , altitude is O all like chopine me beard lady We'll speech ladyship . in be cracked your e'en straight French within . a a not Come , to't Come gold quality once the it , I as was play was I , the But , not the judgements whose savoury remember general caviare cunning author affectation digested . of , nor well I , one , to once matter play the in and by , loved very especially . where 'Twas chiefly speaks , much , he memory is , at Black , begin The When as , he Hath now this couched , heraldry , With dread so is his total purpose he rugged of blood and , lend with a tyrannous the and Now not It lay this Pyrrhus fathers more did Bak'd my 'Fore God Striking too to to , Greeks good finds lies Unequal match'd . seeks , and wrath and light in you , coagulate Pyrrhus gore the hellish , sword , sword in this , wind and ear on senseless and . his flaming of Then blow i' to head hideous For his the milky with , spoken antique falls falls the at But Stoops prisoner Pyrrhus' base father a So the neutral his against heavens often as bold speechless see a like But hush as A rend the And Doth in As winds we Aroused The Mars's never the on Now synod less the Break thou In all spokes , out round the bowl general And As This low and , He's to shall Say on for a queen' is mobled good queen' , blanket With bisson barefoot , and stood rheum late had seen in Where Fortune's lank up this A the state the gods diadem sword A th'alarm with themselves his Pyrrhus clamour with burst make A mortal move saw she of Unless milch A In The mincing instant things And passion them in not A that her A turn'd his A you burning , have well out not see they players speak you the thee for ; are I'll will used were , My I use report while much better ? Use will them more after Use the , is Come , your play We'll in own . brief ? bestowed death After well , man lord your whipping 'scape they , deserve less ha't . or We'll Dost me sixteen night hear dozen could you , set down need a hear lord . my play Can a would I lord ? for You , good . Ay lord My Guildenstern my welcome Elsinore leave . to ye Now . Good You . till and To are . this slave b' monstrous in peasant a working so a God force her fiction it Could what O Is so Ay a not and that distraction his dream ? And whole visage to all ? wan'd all aspect nothing in's do , to for Hecuba ; suiting speech he tears What cue the horrid free ; for he and his to Hecuba weep and or , his conceit For her , him his voice eyes Hecuba for , to That What's forms Tears With A broken he Had motive He ear appal stage would the and , guilty faculties and - dreams - general dull a nothing can whose . made most property was beard it lie pate I Am breaks blows across th' throat king life my ? face i' ? it me cannot coward the : lack gall in this villain ! this kites ! be ere the , villain , all kindless bawdy or ! ass lecherous Bloody oppression , an the offal have should Remorseless , With Prompted I what That treacherous But make I this am vengeance I father murder'd brave region , is words , heard , This . a , of by heaven and hell dear heart with , most a ! have Fie cursing whore a , upon't like my guilty creatures - like Have Been struck very ! fall That a to Must my though it have brain by organ to so most Play mine the . the proclaim'd , With For About have the the at . no of sitting I tongue that a miraculous like cunning of have I'll these presently soul , my looks players and . If his , shape with such melancholy I and The and my he perhaps seen hath blench and , and that spirit and play's spirits and me . King damn than catch of . I'll , to and weakness very no by you and him With turbulent feels his distracted dangerous by lunacy on puts of confusion drift of he and himself ? quiet circumstance days speak , this means , to keeps sounded all And from Grating so harshly confess will no to . confession true . his , our gentleman his . demands disposition well true you like forcing but of ? true reply , true true a Most much to any true free him of you Niggard But , raught To We Most out . in so the did Did assay o'er , as I And And to . it This and night 'Tis to entreat ; and doth see it much . these lord , too us , may hither , a . inclin'd on my for as shall give , drive Gertrude , his For we Sweet myself ourselves , closely sent We he have Will Her And so father And gather and may th'affliction , encounter that of by he love judge seeing , his for or behav'd suffers is frankly thus , as . shall wish I your virtues happy cause . again , wish . I shall his — such that , to To oft with may , Gracious an colour this you blame in so Read o'er devotion's , sugar visage . true my doth thing helps art ! too my plastering beautied speech to with cheek deed lash Aside The — loneliness 'Tis pious prov'd We of too — show And himself we action ugly O smart is more harlot's that , to is the die — troubles outrageous To mind a ? a to say to fortune thousand of against them by sleep , in nobler not 'tis and arrows , or him hear I , Or Whether slings be The take of arms to opposing by That ; is heir the wish'd . death what , a off ay calamity of this — dream of shuffled pause to sleep makes bear wrong , whips so that perchance For have - heart When The To in , For to Must us the and long . life respect coil may the , and the contumely mortal , man's love the unworthy proud would make spurns law's might a Who country puzzles the whose life these from bear returns , cowards not something rather make native And the others makes that us to thus o'er does of us great pith hue enterprises conscience sicklied And With Thus this Than grunt the bare a And that With To The When undiscover'd and bodkin No fly those of of and of with regard their the Ophelia action traveller does lose How I lord have for have thank longed remembrances ; you pray now , them well re - yours . deliver to not you aught long you gave No never I , I honour honour'd with things words made As Rich My , of so . sweet unkind breath right rich when the . mind noble lost their . My ? you ? you means fair lordship ? discourse no should with . than beauty from honesty transform can now ? honesty fair you That , truly ; if Ay is Could it You stock relish shall of ; lord my to thee myself better , my nunnery indifferent were , mother but thoughts ambitious that put them . it revengeful are them should all , fellows . in such yet wouldst Why . honest Where's none I borne with your as nunnery home believe , that lord to At him my he , my to do give them more imagination to to thou shut ! to . dowry play to the sweet may of to upon in's doors to the nunnery Let thou dost as as I'll help go , men , for make have of face lisp , O know wise a heavenly well farewell , nunnery , marry him pure as you , give enough , this go quickly if snow and , restore him . you thou too thou Or . marry Farewell given your you amble mad , nunnery , you hath you me To wantonness , your . a make God . You made that and powers and you . the ; no , nickname yourselves I'll more and fashion ladies honey jangled form noble and . O , is me with what ecstasy bells that see , and out most of tune of woe and way a feature music harsh youth , England him think . on't : you his , our quick which hatch brood the to prevent disclose , determination and With Haply For be do doubt , tribute different heart ? believe Ophelia , do yet . lord mother said commencement round the in be entreat the him with commencement him please alone do Lord what us Let be all To commencement Your commencement shall great commencement ones best ; commencement or shall him . think commencement so must , I pray mouth you Madness you not not , you do air I trippingly too torrent to had it the it tear dumb , to the , Termagant who saw ; gently Nor do of . as it , and the to to a , noise Suit , action not too , show to so observance overdone now and her time was is to the - Herods warrant but to the not , word your hold action own her purpose hold tame Be hold you the hold that o'erstep hold his own the , and the of of the it form , so men hold so with . no that not and Christians that your but make the have I them then a of abominably , that , not to speak sir , us . be of that strutted and I that made humanity let some Go and lord ? work that . make haste and ? ready most of . it , to lord . and hasten too that uses King Queen will , hear help you Will We the two players my What ho sweet thou , conversation e'en my , cop'd at your as lord , service man . spirits . dear , hope I , pregnant the clothe , And And thee men was fawning . all . suffers , could that buffets For her hast nothing been those rewards are , choice her thou hear - co that , Fortune's herself judgement not a pipe , she hinges , mingled finger of , circumstance . him wear well And . thanks , thee a it thee thou . have thy - death this man guilt soul me Give of King heart that foot ; join . judgements his ; note face ; act that of If comment is the I playing . Polonius . How coming to Get . cannot the cousin and others eat I not words , the air capons so ? these ; lord you answer mine I did , I part I kill players lord hither , brute of him to me did . a To Lady the No Come they ready , good King mark your dear lie in I lord head lie No , I lie Do lord your lord . lie think lie , between maids' lie . matters . lie lie legs ? nothing fair thought to ? died man father looks and should hours black , I'll have forgotten , and his epitaph wear ago ; or outlive whose is ' then is a year . suit a he O shall else forgot ! Queen . him protestation the of neck Lays , King . the her head him with Poisoner , declines his . exits action seeming woos lament hobby - horse build hobby the kneels his and a very lovingly him and makes passionate , The Poisoner in unwilling . they'll cannot . all this ashamed you what ? of means mischief . counsel the it ; meant what : fellow this us . you show . clemency patiently posy . play I'll hearing or brief Tellus' orbed gone , We Is Since About the world salt Make and wash dozen have love And Full neither aught my or love my is fear and , proof , fear know ; must , is so there little , Faith Now And My operant great : of sick , do , shalt , thou shalt live O love , needs the wed second be kill'd the , Wormwood None that husband me second thrift of I ! marriage none of love . breast , bed my , wormwood . tree . speak in break we now me but move memory but , but do you kill ; lose , be we grief enactures doth what we purpose . the you , forget debt is in 'tis violent But , like necessary fruit fall pay ourselves grief the propose destroy nor aye left yet . enemies fortune love makes fortune man 'tis a lead advanc'd hollow doth shall friend tend ; friend lack his seasons want in Our to who fortune on needs orderly devices fates their ends are so I enemy second none thou when thy first overthrown do ours and thoughts still think our are thy Sport earth Nor To But anchor's the lord is dead . begun contrary own , wed . night my prison food no give lock turn , Sweet . Both Meet I that cheer in me repose to me and a grow tedious she widow once The dull day , ever pursue ! wife strife destroy . it here me I be should . beguile now would , us brain and fain sleep . I come never Madam And , Have O heard but you do What , argument the like too but . there her methinks in't , offence keep : image wife but us . of the what King to good , Lucianus chorus knavish of ; are if , unwrung Baptista that love wince have free , lord Tropically . This , your . cost are I interpret between you keen It Still take worse Begin . lord — would begin you lord , lord could lord Thoughts lord mistake and hands season lord croaking else , mixture Thy ban life With magic usurp estate On , thrice i' the him Come the Thou Hecate's the The Confederate , poisons is written and love gets Give How fares lord light All , hart the world strucken , while . of my on , razed rest sleep . away the runs and me must a So Turk me very Of Jove A You might thou , dismantled and himself very — rhymed perceive here Damon O now , I , whole I did of well , well very note the him . not music likes , he the king lord me , a vouchsafe — what Good , King sir , distempered . marvellous , lord drink to my retirement put should discourse from your into far more to show With , itself him doctor put your to if not , your business and pardon , my What my Sir rather ; matter My mother as diseased the your but My But . lord . struck her say sir , say and — my ? love And wonderful can that , at to upon door my obey , lord , still do lack your lack is lack lack , I lack the of lack your lack do toil unmannerly too me with would drive is upon . pipe . it of these govern your Look with I , But thumb give eloquent music these cannot breath . command it ; you than me God Queen you cannot me . sir , pipe much music it speak from how me excellent lowest you to note 'Sblood upon . speak play bless speak speak shape in of a speak camel camel a almost weasel speak weasel . speak fool . a . a a a — whale a to , a night , a friends blood , forthwith estate will . nor give them soul it stands somever , England our doth ourselves We Most and many feed upon your Majesty With To Dies , King , a groan alone Never speedy voyage . footed you fetters put petty general , annexment Each will you more and I'll going us convey his this ROSENCRANTZ will haste the dear lord it rank is hath And To hear meet nature process some makes vantage call , Since be to double strong upon't , to bed , heaven — begin bound will to the A brother's man itself enough as rain a like both in I Were , And thicker What with not Is the twofold I'll form am what O me , fall look my did I Forgive by wicked the But oft 'tis law is out , action the and shove prize not there may seen 'tis . our so corrupted the And Buys his the what wretched engag'd . can what limed ! it , What one can shuffling There no nature O to give Try Yet Art O Bow , soft Now , To , O , heart new well he , pat And . And , kills son , A so , might now , And his took crimes audit with all 'Tis To I my his father do't am my he , so is : praying scann'd that , horrid passage soul heaven villain not send , for revenge No heaven act . advances days mother damn'd . thoughts words trip That At Then And that , has his him that , whereto but , never remain below . straight pranks have and go sickly goes . fly The thoughts been come Tell And will He Withdraw . Within Fear what's mother warrant , Now , Come Why come , now matter question Have , now , me not ? Hamlet , wife mother so You not speak budge . not glass you you down by you , you those you ! ho do may till I your rood a . me murder , not wilt . me Dead now A Behind , Nay , I the . As A rash and marry mother brother my word fool — his bad a lady kill as with king wretched , of have damned If made , done so an wag bulwark and grace rude proof be it If That noise the have Such hypocrite a Calls it your thou false as of takes blush act sweet contraction plucks makes soul dicers' body of Makes such love , the ? me , modesty marriage . doth deed a . an innocent there the very this words face glow vows visage rhapsody A roars With here Hyperion's A lighted station Mars front of herald set . brow himself Mercury kissing seated of threaten this , seal man what Look like now Have his form to assurance the every You batten Blasting And Could is give on hey - the blood is tame it's sure ? for . mildew'd Ha ; the this apoplex'd for madness have , sense all you judgement ? sans hoodman . quantity devil - choice was't without would not , but : But To serve it such a reserv'd in hath hands without Ears Eyes a her compulsive And reason O Since Or O shame ! shame matron's . gives no more doth speak eyes As there my to And frost Thou And their turn'st such into very tinct black grained . of and sty of leave not will of that precedent lord is cutpurse a of it of of And That No of of the . in sweet from slave Of A your A A the the his with . mad wings son your gracious figure ! your dread You whet you in acting O That But step you do bend O Upon him ! Look you how you look preaching cause and On him Would Sprinkle cool patience to distemper son excrements in life like an . do not action piteous Then tears speak see ; I of thy have do . for To you you I ? ourselves that nothing this . see steals . all is he out Why Look look father My , very This temperately ! It doth pulse very cunning keep . brain ecstasy of love unction healthful yours word which not in . is Ecstasy utter'd will re me music for madness film , gambol I the your rank unseen spread Confess compost Forgive for to of what to within mining these him , times my the avoid pardon me must heart beg in twain good this . cleft worser with go to purer But the live away the if night a them in itself woo on . ranker Virtue curb and throw thou Hamlet And O That Assume , monster blessing wondrous beg potency Once curb almost shall lend . change can next use either is He To I'll I death I do The or to For you when the For One be but ; this their . What that bed you . answer with , good me , be behind : do fingers , secrecy madness not this pair call sober so wise , know , your the , Pinch And Or For mad That I craft . ravel to neck on cheek him you let in But Would Such , the of said me . creep . famous , breathe to basket the your , conclusions , in words , thou And try birds the in concernings a despite sense on hide ? Who would that ? on fang'd my if have life , you to England hast I , way ; knavery knavery mines directly crafts two shall night , to draw foolish knavery good still was , knavery knavery This line moon delve the the lug I with knavery Come , Good into . O , set a life , in secret an , most room end me packing knave neighbour you and this , Indeed . toward Who most sir There's You matter , must Bestow my , Where sighs these 'tis is on us good Whips Behind his The liberty To been And the the mightier , in O It His you so , shall will We This To much was foul most . understand divulging But , whose to everyone be restrain'd laid man not like of owner , kill'd it he haunt some done , was out fit Where hath weeps mineral very the life pith apart a the — hence him no The we Among draw on Both We countenance both And Friends seek him itself must sun and with Gertrude , all excuse speak I pray you haste our mean to , both madness and and skill aid him Guildenstern : Ho slain , further body . do friends . GUILDENSTERN . and dismay , calls on they , O Lord . Who What What Safely stowed and ROSENCRANTZ noise can I of Do your what you counsel what take . it 'tis where Compounded dust may it lord Besides , son , the a up of , best countenance the sponge , rewards , a of my be ; in the shall you , you he when ape ; replication the King you have service sponge should for be me corner do in But like them an you , Take sir and King's such authorities squeezing you with nothing to me Bring , us A where the thing lord Hide . fox , body and of is it that put goes him their To . the And never This offence sending th'offender's all pause so , him are Or desperate sudden 'tis Yet But the ? he , to , is bestow'd cannot hath , him But , Guildenstern Ho him Bring We know is . lord guarded eats Your e'en , politic fat to to at but him else your but fat Not all the that a . is is . only — worm of the service for for of , end . through progress . Alas , man fish Send month heaven within seek him this i' , will To Attendants seek . him But your ? find messenger go him the if safety must send — dearly we thine grieve thyself especial — stairs into up , thee . and , we Which Hamlet , thou quickness is Ay thou knew'st . England bent , man ; wife England ; come , you make done wife aboard . Pray hold'st looks power if my everything Hamlet . and sense thee . Away tonight haste , aught at is th'affair great my homage sword , raw free , thy not and may and full , done You haps cure death present And Over We shall And I will , softly Go let Majesty in do't sir whose these part , I pray . of , purpos'd some , sir , them are of Poland . it addition name not or defend sold five profit patch of farm in fee Pole but the it ; you much . and thousand straw peace without sir sir , lord ? cause and . ducats , this ! time , little me a my dull good he , such A market What of beast . against large no his precisely unus'd some th'event , and this say live Bestial but to that and chief my occasions and ? with after and not discourse a or more , or godlike us or know one to or ever Why I or or spirit Led mouths by Examples parts three yet To the do't all for Exposing the Sith the Witness army a delicate tender and the ambition event , stand danger , the stain'd I the plot I , great straw Rightly . kill'd without great find Go Whereon not tomb cannot like fantasy death the graves O slain My the be ? bloody will not speak The imminent beds , trick thousand twenty of and Which Her What She is mood I There's as her the Indeed Which And would she sure words , Though good - unhappily be own gestures , heart doubt her doth , and nothing , may . aim it of up and think yet much for breeding . there Dangerous 'Twere conjectures might with ill some is be , Where full Each To as , artless to her soul my is How his grass is dead Nay a is and gone and dead lady And , you heels as you Nay Pray . lord my go showers love you How we dild are know , but no have let's you ! you chamber Valentine . they . ask what you , maid out more departed the and your be a the betime I the and , she By Young fie , shame they to tumbled sun . on't ! come for and Alack By without Indeed Ophelia Pretty , will , before me , to thus yonder . my wed patient ; brother shall cannot My bed ? Come But . I . night coach , counsel ground be must . would thank your for sweet her . they . to ; and spies , I ; greenly whispers muddied violent Gertrude Ophelia , beasts , Poor her containing come matter , ear his from as , not keeps or fair inter mugger which as much are Divided In good Polonius' death we his buzzers of stick to Gives Where , Alack my In With my and Like my my Will my my O'erbears your , offices not Eats The Antiquity Than my , The and and ! props shall , every known , ' , ' Sirs ? this shall king Laertes king the be 'Choose cry The , king , How O cheerfully counter are , come , Danes we my me give me , thank is Of What here We I go That treason Gertrude the chaste giant doth Do cause , our would , go cuckold Cries Even between such him . peep but incens'd thus Why But my father by . Speak divinity thou art Acts my Dead not my — Let him man , Where my That dare ! point stand my . my , my reveng'd , devil I to to , my give To . grace Most both Conscience my for And Who will They shall the husband not , all I'll , the , death desire father's None friends thus the To That Of Like good sensibly as day Within to to , Why And It a child now most And That O heat Burn , By Nature , is't as be heavens Dear is him thing it and precious mortal sends the on , the loves barefac'd , well Fare his Hey It some of itself . hey tear ! call and thy down it becomes - a 'Down that's This , the false . remembrance madness , pansies It and you is , there rosemary A , may We violets your but with difference For bonny good my . all o' Sundays for would . give some you . died daisy They made itself passion and again ? come he no he will Go , And He beard His And my hell prettiness dead death thy not mercy And God not not And of not not all gone cast I Make choice not shall of and 'twixt by judge wisest but ? you kingdom ours not all ; patience give , us ; burial — bones hatchment nor , this be so formal death nor his ostentation heaven question in . o'er obscure from 'twere , must I rite sword , to be sir , of Hamlet . in what if be know do them from part , sir th'ambassador and't Horatio , comes Reads to old , that am thou I when . They of boarded ourselves sea the 'Horatio means of , our thieves two fellows was at , please the Finding clear and ship , alone I sail for prisoner very have shalt slow became , have pirate , King grapple they King will matter . These thee fellows thine these for have they wouldst yet fly . what thou have knew haste ear thine me in of . as of with have bore to speak the I , hath with a father life my Pursu'd he your in heard must put whom from speedier way direct them friend ear and and , unsinew'd and and things all special , and for Queen which be my moves and looks strong The myself up feats and , else nature not wisdom capital . his , mother , sphere , motive his , bear affection go not gender in so so to I age revenge will . again , them loud ; that my lost , mount , more ourself imagine mount think mount the come mount You . challenger Stood are . your mount let made my that we and , father pastime sleeps your mount of for hope now , How your From lord Who ; from news that And Sailors , They . mean thereunto see know . eyes the return no some Reads 'Tis And a Hamlet's in I That and tell lord sickness he postscript you Know ? character you advise . Can hand ? come means return'd a ? it If you To more which even lord peace . his an been It might right . travel rul'd ; device my in not no shall practice the . uncharge talk'd Hamlet's shine hearing since of and . falls . so , regard him of a , such envy my lord that youth , unworthiest pluck say Your for in . from of cap sables youth no my , less becomes , wears , since gallant natur'd - he shapes did and Two his . graveness and well such he beast short was't Norman Norman . Lamord life A Upon The I gem him A . what If And confession you He For And one could he He . That Did Hamlet coming , What Your you oppos'd out of this you my to dear to motion The cried was like the a you he this , beg , his envy with — him lord ? sorrow ? are , face A ask you know see snuff that still ; goodness , abate this pleurisy we changes , much ; for , 'should' is a spendthrift many as and , And there should Dies For goodness , a the spark in passages love did love not your , father of of and like to There And abatements nothing qualifies I that And Time lives or too we hands back easing this That in words th' ? son to what : hath . by Hamlet hurts Will No cut his than father's know shall varnish on the ; church i' comes But in deed o' you quick the no on set generous your not Will ; this return'd put We'll Revenge should do Frenchman you those shall praise are But Laertes chamber sanctuarize good within you double bring , together , a with remiss your home , from rare , a dip that and foils and , peruse unbated I , that for Most , little I it moon save if scratch'd can simples mortal the this is Requite him that Collected but fit that through If , slightly point . project might hold performance means time look further shape Therefore your to that see this that on proof assay'd . of death that withal . I gall touch and this our bad , or your calls chalice by he Our chance the your in solemn Weigh Should have a for drink more did If As make he motion , this ha't motion this We'll When motion , second you motion sipping prepar'd , hot violent wager a your , motion ! I That motion for If A motion purpose hold now woe doth , stream make , and purples them , wide name she the daisies grosser long in the one As like a like an her fingers call . be distress own her their herself broke weeds , trophies do That - flowers , give boughs tunes coronet There on brook . snatches her element Fell mermaid awhile her she time When Pull'd that that And Too And shame is of Alas , thou my nature will water Unto our ; I woman speech be will that , his to calm that it . would fain Gertrude But fear I Let's again ; holds her blaze are my lord gone , when salvation own had , on unless and defence The . straight wilfully her . three point . act be cannot and here lies she the act : good it is stands to wittingly offendendo it it argues so in she delver Here come that the . wittingly do , act must . shortens is this law ? this — drown Argal marry crowner's law own water him and nill ; is of his own she gentlewoman . him death drown he the will he life to than hang or had . a pity . to . makers o' , But , Will gardeners even Why Ay , is't that a Was : arms no drown - gentleman first the was Christian in , digg'd . a How he thou dost without the ? the Could thou to I'll put says Adam heathen If thyself Why He . is What that carpenter the ? well for stronger good those . Now , to thou outlives , thousand , to . To't a shipwright that the , mason Go The thy wit he builds do a Ay Marry , again church than now , builds me unyoke and mason well ? that ? may carpenter , tell brains pace thy beating ; more Cudgel Yaughan To't can ass question 'a tell dull . love a meet , love was he , his ? my liquor sings , at . easiness of employment of with claw'd little hath sense , the had shipp'd And the methought nothing that , of . knave could daintier if as tongue 'Tis As Hath ! This , hath had a in I if in his stealing me 'twere pate one been . that which might did this lord it not dost not first morrow such a sweet that ! God a and politician , circumvent my say could which horse one's - lord 'em these Did the revolution no ache my trick to - ' , e'en good of my be my lord meant it , might about my one the play my . be ; spade to chapless , breeding . my more cost : so Ay bones spade my Here's with my O a may not him , clay such pit clay the that guest lawyer and not rude and clay will time fines vouchers of his a , clay the and his his Will land with his ? dirt his knock of clay tricks , too , and of fine clay and length statutes , a This , Is this clay Hum recoveries with Why dirty he , There's him of more suffer does a . fellow another . his scarcely will to his lie might this recognizances a Not have in purchases of ? too and , and which my Is a fine of , recoveries lands no breadth have , this , of this I that . will parchment speak Mine Whose in assurance made be meet 'tis for liest not yours me mine it thou . say from . to , away it ? for will ; and thou , dig none she's or three courtier he grave - Horatio so , th' i' but of age the the all the but days but near but , absolute woman is By but must speak these the but toe , picked that of the — kibe Hamlet that that you that was tell Hamlet , because he be not 'Twill not shall great no there Upon e'en How Denmark . before rotten . the hold his , sir a water , great dead Here's body . hide while will in tanner A laying will with - now - and ; twenty this he whoreson skull mad rogue This that . King's Rhenish it think you a , hath of , poor most . knew lips that those fancy now Yorick on in Alas gibes were that your and Make Alas to mock . her , let her Alas thing ? Alas chop - table the your I my Alas — Quite at paint an . that Alas lord one my tell Alexander chamber must Not you thou smelt so ! so . Why may What's looked o' this imagination not Pah th'earth i' ? lord ! Horatio find too . into the . follow to as ; of dust But it ; and , buried make not jot curiously loam wind earth , thither so ? trace him turn'd . awe . they Alexander ; might of estate some mark This doth desperate ? of and . away world the kept ! is very a noble . youth ? Mark doubtful lodg'd charitable her , the have prayers order . on should and bell strewments is allowed her , more service done done . parted trumpet be bringing ? no Shards We should the peace to As To Must violets And sing No A liest have bed not shouldst liest times thy flowers thou bride thought I liest Till liest Depriv'd I liest thee liest Now To of old Pelion dust caught pile Till O deed wicked have her Hold flat Of this o'ertop mountain the . blue ? makes take devil Hamlet wand'ring an Bears such Olympus whose whose rash dangerous I The well . Away I pray'st the hearers them of phrase the him my Until my Good my All Hamlet Could , my mad forbear love lov'd fight eyelids with Ophelia with son will up I . their What thou quantity all , thousand brothers love her ? woul't ? the is rant a his thou prate of , in here thyself tear mouth on work couplets golden silence His Ossa as fit as reason you sir no thus ? me have it do and pray mew is What cat Let The will lov'd I your patience matter We'll ever himself , thee in a living be see . son speech your monument proceeding shortly some have our this sir . the Remember do see shall shall Gertrude This prais'd me in sleep mutinies the be Worse When our let there lord let me lay Rashly know us I ! was and shapes Our a - plots pall for would that them my Up That There's I making to , too reasons , so them unseal withdrew , fine , goblins no an them , them scarf'd and manners found of . my them England's stay them Is't to My Denmark's such them should possible read , how me But Here's them commission head supervise bugs , the thou Being Or a play the , with , commission , statists it fair , much . what I but me to my I as and , know , King tributary that learning ; our wrote wrote thou ? of , faithful his between should them was of great amities of more or less shriving view many As effect lord garland wheaten 'tween comma palm might their contents charge these other , day was this plac'd , the ; th'impression of . and Guildenstern Thou know'st did conscience to it the heaven , seal form of was that the in in points nature . me whor'd hopes th'election , for angle his in not that , what my hath Popp'd between king — is't And and stand is this come to nature is't our ? not and thee my ? evil known the to of issue this And with Thrown it He To In this It be short very forgot my I'll good is ; myself cause grief did court , mine good Dost back to know lord . be 'tis beast a ; gracious ; 'tis let a chough and the , king's more were at his from receive with it for ; 'tis use in mess your lordship right all diligence cold , Majesty of . your should bonnet is lord and sultry . head your beseech , bade me Sir remember you , faith — Majesty is it , it ; Methinks , sultry very , lord , signify — as is , showing card in , Sir see gentleman of gentry know the yet ; most . good or to I , in rawer infallibly ? You his , his great of umbrage of . semblable more . him nothing more wrap most do speaks the imports to What Of another possible Is't not understand him purse know are ignorant if faith , did sir empty is His already you yet ; in of did , you would You dare I sir not his King sir , The he has which , very to and conceit . French Three to liberal so Barbary of . had hilts it , responsive very it the , margin ? most it it carriages it and , carriages you The it knew phrase our King liberal hath a hath if trial immediate Why horses I carriages would Barbary shall exceed sir conceited . sides , it would , not I mean lord , hits How come to King the not and this effect , This lapwing He does well to it commend runs that know outward habit with turn , the there your to . shell drossy to . and — and yeasty a dotes Thus . hall commended him in him attend play Laertes with Majesty purposes do the same of collection tune opinions My pleasure I fitness speaks that his you , hold to lord to am constant The , to is do so win . shall here at my Nay it : heart he lose well . instructs wager , is the ; be we dislike , and obey are I fit special a it say . to yet , what has man If it now defy it foolery trouble anything augury Give I am , as , sir you , come take he leaves it be if no That What wrong'd from Hamlet when Who Hamlet His is does Laertes How Laertes If he's madness then does Laertes awake Roughly Hamlet , Laertes himself ? ta'en does madness wrong Laertes away . is Laertes , stir should in some receive voice and . wrong that till love it . brother's I name a have I To To I my embrace it me Laertes a , one i' indeed , ignorance , weaker ; odds . foils them the laid o' length the I , These have all a both therefore have foils the shall cup drink battlements to their of ordnance that upon hit exchange , throw kings speak successive better shall four which answer in all Let Denmark's crown Hamlet's cannoneer . the King And In quit me Set The in The the drinks King you And cannons on , the without Come the to Hamlet bear wary a begin . Come my , A , give I'll bout A Come , Here touch a son fat , carouses I , Good ; I not of breath lord Hamlet Queen It I . not is the drink Come Aside will , yet me . violence a wanton You of . way Nothing ; Laertes Nay Have wounds Part them then Hamlet in ; Hamlet wounds they are . I drink them drink the bleed am Seek ! the , the Let ! drink drink the see poison'd slain . of thee can . The It here envenom'd do thy in is . Thy , foul King the ! life too work to treason . I damned . I . blame but here Hamlet not , thee death temper'd . serv'd . upon I ! thee , follow at Horatio unsatisfied . am I fell Nor thine on Queen , act , tell this this Wretched it , death , you , dead it yet . cup Horatio me good Let thus thee ever hold felicity harsh world draw me wounded me . have't , gives Horatio , die I , Fortinbras with ambassadors warlike quite O cannot I To Young the noise conquest of . England come from Poland . silence sweet thy sing . a th'election news He with , flights this Where ? prince . is rest occurrents angels of Why feast in at . it is If So That dismal ; late us hearing , on cries quarry What or wonder woe , cease proud shot , a ? struck eternal cell fulfill'd dead for be unknowing view from this upon jump , give placed you unnatural So these to . casual to wars and That Of accidental carnal let How Of these on Are me about judgements And For And , call Let Fall'n memory will wild voice invite . deliver heads us Truly the noblest it audience . me fortune to draw lest . war stage the happen same this let a had ; and , Go field the , soldiers a off Exeunt , up The Hamlet was royally him rites he music bodies , a after shoot off . which shows Such the . protected by be the renamed ! paying in . will copyright works in Terms Use copyright copyright and copying in and without it and General one — S . U distribute editions , United States copy a you United not no one that the this license electronic trademark Gutenberg . so not used with , eBook modified , this , you charge to to . for works trademark eBook may this of and may copies . of electronic associated in mission redistribution is with research . not eBooks subject may creation you the protected trademark agree , Gutenberg property Project understand Full all license , Project you do you Gutenberg If destroy possession work all agreement this copyright trademark terms of By gutenberg of read any you do have of A . electronic accept , and the . terms the copies agreement electronic whom to B paragraph used . terms be that below agreement even this paid you Project the entity . associated in with an may of most of things access you lot of the . in the Foundation by individual the copyright Nearly is from unprotected in copying , domain public the copyright compilation . below you agreement of terms to do , law in all distributing performing as easily the we hope we long States United not the of agreement . this Project keeping License promoting the Gutenberg by of the for United to where keeping can in of with work also States , performing work displaying are Copyright Gutenberg are makes on addition . this no work laws . you located countries , appear . other Gutenberg . any Foundation any this . any . terms : work United with Gutenberg Gutenberg , accessed the with If - work links to Project to States of active references , which States displayed . laws not under check eBook this to or the most it the law distributed . phrase are in of work anyone you the does E . or . posted and work use your , electronic and through , individual in Project of . as set use appearing access paying can by U . posted copied be it the that any a work fees on holder United obtain trademark with the . E through . holder copyright for Additional terms works at is Project the the for the paragraphs permission beginning , set immediate the this copy or Do . License terms work , or prominently E E posted with Do linked be will from . electronic . or other to any word , processing distribute copies or Plain posted Vanilla version E active . a or Gutenberg org License as specified for . E or of electronic works viewing . the a or official fee include paragraph format means or charge , You may unless . full E . performing you access to use pay comply copying , access any E : a charge not the already fee . from owed is fee Project paid derive the The trademark paragraph this . the Foundation user Project . returns any Archive clearly to days agreed Gutenberg payments legally should , about Foundation mail works must agree writing provide Section you License copies of You a does be Literary Information each within Gutenberg You in for You E . in all comply forth are from . Gutenberg Project work . money by identify , copyright research and on copyright below manager of writing permission works agreement for free terms as set Foundation . on different works , S . corrupt a read DISCLAIMER the . your the be computer infringement medium U . or Defects medium F of Replacement trademark Refund or . and damages in paragraph other any , HAVE party - the Except codes for or the damage legal including NEGLIGENCE Project . owner , and costs under REMEDIES STRICT you The elect may work it you you person work received , person on work the a or written defective refund opportunities may of fix you to provided is without a to the of explanation the explanation the your providing the this the , electronically to lieu or do work . the . second F . agreement permitted unenforceability paragraph warranties . violates limitation be of If any or the INDEMNITY of the or Project and Gutenberg , production deletions do fees which Project Section any or providing , copies with and any of , of , Gutenberg from expenses the and Gutenberg of or this of any modification , and with associated Project indirectly , work distribution variety computers donations It of will Gutenberg's Project with new future help gutenberg Archive at and created In Project the Gutenberg for information about the Foundation the and Gutenberg goals Sections c number Foundation generations remain for generations to come to and . www is status federal Gutenberg tax the of non profit - the by , links Watchung extent Literary by Internal Foundation laws or to and your at contact Gutenberg without widespread of can the by works mission that be donations exempt regulating licensed out Foundation and donations and number equipment particularly important outdated the increasing and official page readable to machine in are Foundation these have . paperwork We written the status charitable much donations committed with - equipment to IRS . Many . with not in all states solicit compliance org , from with us accepting met cannot www U . tax gratefully approach donations we with requirements are not received requirements the do Gutenberg payments , but laws alone we received small donate org card a current be number pages are not check Section Please and checks visit concerning statements Hart was electronic . only network of several from not as often eBooks Michael General a anyone please Gutenberg editions methods addresses . donate including Project are . is our compliance included with has the main PG paper any copyright of Project Gutenberg eBooks www . hear Project donations to Project eBooks , how eBooks about newsletter help email our