Who's Long live most carefully , bitter bed . to ! cold Francisco Barnardo now this If rivals I there . Dane . the night who And O , Friends . to honest , you , farewell Barnardo . soldier has , A ! seen nothing this has ? there . him fantasy hold belief but twice take I Therefore And of apparition minutes dreaded us That He may tush , it come this your appear our Sit once Well us Last star same made course night fortified again , awhile nights our ears . it one beating where . heaven part and — that of , the pole Marcellus from of then all westward , myself , again to the , that's King Look . it me . of Denmark . warlike and this time . to In sometimes Question thou Did art that By is thee speak , I charge stalks It Stay See ? which ! speak speak , march Horatio something more might you What , sensible true not mine 'Tis not , How smote frown'd to thyself : ice the an on parle angry watch opinion know and , martial With what hath the art ; state he my me bodes in strange before sledded once combated ; Norway . observant the of subject scope and this down mart foreign such , implements ; sweaty , shipwrights , task haste week labourer inform me sore , King , Norway , of valiant , us Hamlet him compact slay For , might That can now make Who the least whisper Fortinbras this by who known conqueror had the , pride his same and hot sir here , young there , food For in Of Hamlet of , Now Norway and resolutes hand other , Fortinbras full as which moiety to the the of ; of ; it state , no . like so watch this sort was Comes may is That A I source terms appear in't watch stomach unto by preparations take head , watch foresaid And our , lands , dead Julius palmy the tenantless and watch the streets , wars watch Rome . the and watch Upon sun gibber in fire Roman and and squeak A watch In the to of still together and demonstrated , the of , voice , again illusion Stay on countrymen me me , to sound and Unto to Neptune's fates events eclipse empire , earth where use . good be I'll which Or Which That For they Speak it , Stop of , Extorted If privy , thou treasure say . Marcellus ! with it hast in my partisan . here 'Tis here it will It it was To We our as wrong For is blows , show ! gone it to started is fire in at - to heard sounding a , like , it , crew , earth , thing , and summons and . the that It , confine his the . the his ; day of and shrill trumpet of , object present on bird of are The And hallow'd heard the watch our So Break No takes and morn dew I Walks Hamlet to young gracious power to clad my seen will acquaint , it speak my have and high eastward , tonight . to , hill , upon , what , him fitting us for , up impart us Let , you This spirit , Let's Where Attendant green , of be in in , of sister with with far contracted sorrow , a one 'twere jointress That our Yet The To one dirge eye marriage we nor wisdoms Your , weighing with delight dropping with and scale funeral , With Now Holding to better this Or With Colleagued our ; equal follows Our be supposal all , of out dear and Fortinbras gone dole , young know late of our in and freely herein affair to dream pester those , to , of here , hears Fortinbras , the scarcely , writ rid , the Lost not the father much To Who Thus our Out , to you haste , made suppress dispatch purpose ; gait , good Giving of You and CORNELIUS and articles , King these and We , nothing is't news . farewell , the will . show ? commend scope , VOLTEMAND what's let Of ; it doubt more be not The is thy asking ? father to native , to reason offer to thou not the to the lord my wouldst hand The What What thou the heart , mouth to return , done ; to duty bend To From them and must says coronation that , favour and leave My thoughts your bow the What willingly , pardon toward France though to ? slow ? What leave at my again gracious ; my time at it him give hour best But thy more little Aside graces ; go consent to and . sun on hang much , the less my be . and Denmark on vailed thy nighted thy it , Good for cast i' too kind ever like than kin and ? off lives eternity . not eye noble thy If , know'st common a , breath the of forc'd windy customary my it solemn the , These , in of grief , might not seems ; seem . shows , dejected the are that forms fruitful haviour indeed show 'Tis But they denote Nor No can I For That all me truly . man passeth , father , play eye which the your in mourning your lost these must the , sorrow stubbornness know impious To do In Why any be to peevish , our 'tis common fault a vulgar and , whose a in understanding unfortified must will is a course grief unschool'd is sense and and simple fault to theme , heaven , son of bears For in retrograde : Wittenberg to you our your desire to father love to today cried take world the let ' corse for nobility most which toward lose prayers Hamlet , intent his comfort . dearest to most we courtier all not . son and our eye remain . bend not I , a in Denmark whereof , Hamlet Madam madam best , a , best cousin her I pray shall my best best and . unforc'd my health Denmark bruit again , best melt today come . best Come too that speaking jocund No to to heaven drinks fair best loving and ourself smiling cannon earthly the heart in dew ! would fix'd ! God O unprofitable world in nature garden gross , slaughter the King's rouse the the - canon His weary self that , resolve too solid into this and O Thaw all ! two on't How 'gainst , stale roughly was much this and ! on a father's my , Why remember ; so . Frailty those thy old she — which Niobe mourn'd little A Like God , on't on if As it not I It With have longer , galled with discourse Why followed beast — ere the married She O yet such heart , to cannot for most in speed must it salt left Ere Than father's the not brother , nor I do am I And The what see . make , glad , am And , my change from , that good poor my make I you Wittenberg My shall , teach We'll lord what truant I came truster do Against yourself it my drink see , me affair you good say that ear your are Elsinore depart report no fellow in . you ! dearest my the funeral bak'd a , man I He My all goodly Horatio his for him yesternight in , all king . like . while may these my to love This the your my Upon With , my an God's For my marvel together my waste . A - with and , middle and my before and truncheon's to Almost at Been Armed dead point exactly and encounter'd and speak and his dumb In as , with dreadful , the Where These hands But Within jelly The of upon Did made head , and , lord strange honour'd , motion the vanish'd it morning it ; not lord none did ; in troubles live And then I did indeed let think , do As To , Indeed Both say We Arm'd , my you it BARNARDO , duty . tonight ? head toe face ? from not , saw . pale or , more , What in fix'd eyes his very Nay countenance Pale . I had been there have with hundred . was I as was . Stay'd it silver'd sable it . BARNARDO . no saw't His MARCELLUS and Not grizzled , life , sight , well twelve . gape , my noble . your the duty loves an Give Upon doubt the is . farewell : not well , come them to men's were your honour eleven and you night eyes as necessaries sit Till ; will benefit Farewell sleep foul , rise ? toy , lasting you winds . sweet , the Do , For Hold it Forward a violet In Grows . service Perhaps but nature inward now of his not this must loves you so No and permanent not suppliance ; minute a . of nor but he ; will to you doth fear , choice whole his do his subject no , of choice his on , he for sanctity voice be state depends , does mind is persons ; place no is and he of if Then Than the too Or The Carve give May Unto therefore and It your deed far act goes sustain . you withal songs , which particular to enough prodigal and you list main Ophelia If canker unmask chariest shot maid her not . affection your of the it , my his ear your dear rear in 'scapes the and , then And wary of th'effect shall my Contagious in The not Do me Show the as itself watchman I Be Youth O fear too But long primrose steep and a not his of and some rebels best blastments to heart . pastors rede not me own Himself As do treads libertine , tongue . memory . vulgar tried , gaudy ; man rank , best the lender chief in in steel entertainment . fancy proclaims a the be friend . and both nor generous rich purse few thy judgement buy thy not apparel they Neither oft dulls of to thine and select a loan above all must follow borrowing And This : take ; you to and , go said my in have you And yourself he , told you ; audience , it of be way time Marry If in You As is do behoves you my between 'Tis private your Given Have And hath What it that so daughter most so caution daughter daughter He , Affection Do Marry , daughter are not teach not daughter Running ta'en Tender wind true phrase , daughter to . importun'd he In hath you'll me ; to call speech countenance , lord , a tenders yourself with dearly me tender . Which — the fashion of the poor , honourable to , of holy given you lord his how prodigal I . know is he walk ; burns than take scanter promise . woodcocks catch blood tongue the , When Giving Lends Do would The may And Believe of But like implorators . beguile slander with moment , sanctified mere not much to parley that may they , for the Hamlet ways all suits investments few is any you , lord . talk so , my charge or for his believe I I words to Have it very ; in Look to As . obey ; shrewdly a ? I I heard Wherein air The It it of . does Indeed think is struck twelve it it No , this tonight the and kettle wassail And it Is , his then draws my the drum - a Ay my to And The custom is't am it , manner They More This in mind us traduc'd - breach and west . phrase guilty ; complexion they indeed the , at attribute men not mole the pales choose in origin some of o'ergrowth their breaking by of else they stamp manners , Fortune's may undergo , are , his or , too that of livery As — the that as corruption evil forts — star general infinite particular , Look thou own Bring Be Angels a own , substance noble his Doth in the as all own . the censure with thee spirit intents to royal own such wicked or goblin call , death sepulchre tell own ! or answer blasts charitable own , us defend own Hamlet , jaws this complete , shape me , our our shake should souls desire you why is , and inurn'd may in of What ponderous his up the hideous corse , and we disposition of moon glimpses , thus ? What go ? we . away action . means no at as I'll o'er forth not , my should then ; not itself the , the to of sovereignty puts , fathoms beneath every sea Think of horrible of , it desperation . thee follow roar not Hold shall I'll me many toys ? into looks Without The very motive brain . lord . in this not . still , off hands your petty the hardy Still heaven By I say , rul'd He am with that of follow . gentlemen nerve lion's Unhand Nemean as desperate fit — a , I'll . on make ghost Go . him Denmark follow . direct will Heaven after Have . Nay Whither , up come . me flames and myself , almost , sulph'rous . I art thou I a day certain unfold foul and burnt the for Doom'd the unfold Till unfold To I harrow Thy flesh unfold Like quills blood . the dear list father unfold thy O unnatural unfold . best I and wings unnatural is ; murder as weed , Denmark , orchard fat , my of process , forged thee the sleeping this thou I thee duller And thee That rots sweep thee that know in in thee serpent 'Tis thee thee With O The So it made a . though a was was of even marriage whose But mine That , to a as virtue lust soft methinks on in natural never will be of uncle vial stole ; heaven hour hour effect hour a morning air , within of hour my afternoon , hour , mine brother's . body by , instant blood . So it it , hour milk like I , off the Thus hour was lazar And And The That such The an hour as a with with curd The Cut If with with not hast made blossoms to my horrible contrive be with bear most my of - Let with ! Of even O nature couch . with be , soul to lodge Denmark incest . head my ; unanel'd , Unhous'led No Taint Against To Adieu But thy mother aught thou let this luxury royal thee , it her Fare , prick to her shows pale , worm ghost couple adieu his thorns thy And The And ! distracted But you fie ! What grow up ? to glow Ay I'll books all the , wipe That of most . volume all observation globe while not a ? memory instant else old ? heart . of thee seat , book baser it smile . down a in be my villain , matter Yes you So MARCELLUS sworn't remember . my lord Now so I woman . sure smile one uncle , am may it may lord , adieu . him , Come Illo Within . it . come , lord lord , bird , ho be So . Good , my , I Nor , heaven lord by . come all , right grave from part the we and hold every your , To , Denmark . in , us more are . all arrant dwelling villain he's needs ; hath and I'll for hands and poor and I'm sorry For is wild , you : i' you fit right desire business . pray ; heartily words my and shall These as Such as honest ghost heartily , whirling , It For your offence offend but are O'ermaster't you desire much There's Never make What is't , my one me lord Give friends scholars tonight . here this me , you . My lord MARCELLUS As we and HORATIO Nay , my In , faith in sword , lord my , Upon lord I , my ha Come on you so this , Art fellow my sword . indeed there truepenny ground . our my thou swear speak Propose of ubique Come your speak that upon , this that have my you this , sword . strange ? heard have shift . hither by Swear worthy pioner of my sword so friends good th'earth i' and is heaven this remove . old , Beneath a A Well said strange As pronouncing Or With I perchance odd your , on never and phrase we would' , think earth come , mercy , so soe'er I shall head to , shake they do shall you . if might' , as man a love what shall all With Rest perturbed . out most . note and if gentlemen Swear . Beneath : me of so not I , joint . t'express your out was come of ever willing God time these will and my lord , good Reynaldo Reynaldo make . intend said . they , finding and and Look very who me and , they By company , what Danskers what , this how , well Enquire at question you of mark distant well , part thus know particular you in , you ' ' very put , he's ; my lord . him forgeries you , so such are dishonour As , and him wanton and But As , Ay , drinking drabbing , you may is not no My That must , That's Faith may flash seem the unreclaimed taints assault . a outbreak in — do , is little thing it here's know fetch my sullies soil'd i' th' would prenominate you , 'twere Your man and , my . 'gentleman' — did ? ' . marry , leave Where 'gentleman the in I , 'closes you 'closes 'friend He And then does was so consequence' say sir , What about , there of brothel him falling was then the with saw then saw a bait Your such or , you day ; and , 'I ay and ' : 'I I , tennis' carp and , son With thus indirections you lord have God you , you truth , you , forth . See now ; So . I , now How what Ophelia , lord and shirt if Ungart'red As look , as Alas my With have of my stockings , so loosed knees doublet in , purport the in with speak To And his , upon his to piteous before I truly wrist said ? me thy he - He lord Then And He his to by not the other falls he As of he fear but and held , so he mine and profound arm of perusal such head to shatter his , done piteous shoulder he find his did being his with to . seem a it out he bended doors their way last seem'd — a little draw he At , to shaking . all lets his turn'd without . the violent seek the , heaven . King go went passion any him to under , late of sorry — my but access thee . is seems to meant I To ourselves as , judgement to heed close our mad fear'd with made to his command ! trifle did did I had not It quoted that cast As To lack must Rosencrantz did use . might provoke . we , hate being go in sort opinions our common is discretion grief More Resembles than I death , I entreat brought with both , be heard himself , him , hath should of . So nor it was transformation father's dream being To cannot much that Of Our Hamlet's Since th'exterior his young from to , to days your humour court glean him you gather in up from th'understanding so your rest pleasures little him So That you of And To To For Your expend , aught occasion by our , not our may so as , a shall your us the am sure whom to , open'd , That Good fits Might the As dread power entreaty ourselves commanded , in freely , command And and and , gentlemen much And To here obey . gentle Hamlet practices helpful and presence , our Pleasant and amen where Go . him our my good , lord , Hunts hath the very God duty I soul . King do that lunacy I have found do so policy gracious this my to do I long . hear to of do do — Hamlet's feast do . in them bring do them my to fruit shall first admittance to to that and son's he distemper main ? desires my , Voltemand death is we , first a nephew's levies into , he whereat , him suppress ! brother good from our Norway out and to appear'd ; soldiers those in shown give the against employ further herein you to , enterprise in your against his before th'assay old thousand crowns overcome with , Polack this and quiet , pass , down we'll this well : mad art no 'tis true at I 'tis , 'tis , pity farewell it swear grant us find mad is let he And Madam More Mad but But That the phrase my you vile . soul's and — and , effect of cause remainder comes have the daughter in ill Now Now an Hath Now celestial Now Now To Now Came Good Now Doubt , am ill thee dear best lady , whilst best . move stars awhile ; I be numbers O this . most daughter my hath , I to the a I Adieu , it art not believe machine , me , means by , more , And they , I When Before would I I I Or What I Or my this , me , must hot seen perceiv'd I dear think you heart I desk , I might what told daughter Majesty your No , fruits into into by now the to a , herself from no tale short receive did went round to work , thy resort , her advice a watch into repulsed , And prince a Hamlet not Thence to Admit should lock no , a this raves 'tis for this you madness I it have positively such he , ' know , truth hid is lead it will . ''Tis . that , be , though the know me me me this if this an he me try I further me state a . me hours four to , behind behind carters If behind loose does arras behind . behind not fall'n for reason I and you Be behind you Hamlet behind comes will try it wretch away behind . my . are fishmonger me - a Excellent Do I'll Then sir , to That's of this goes . world Not would . well I ten For sun carrion a lord ? be I her if not daughter said he by first at And gone not I'll . you in my that words , youth I Still harping but blessing , not as he for you . read extremity on What love daughter . my fishmonger lord their ; that sir I , faces be you potently with most tree sir yourself . Though this go old not have a read sir that Will weak - beards Slanders . grave Into which , on will sometimes you down plentiful though to . backward most I I there , honesty believe , replies could ! is , out happiness prosperously of madness . How reason his . and him my of . method ? you my I except , lord . and part willingly my . These withal cannot , You to seek take , sir the , old most honoured , sir . he . you . Polonius My excellent Rosencrantz ye do how thou How My indifferent good God dear . dear dear , Ah . dear ; button - shoe very dear dear over earth ? her lord my she favours happy of my ? my . question hands more ? hither to good sends my deserved prison , true not is that my ? my , or about me . my the , lord . But near What is Then your , Denmark's Then which there one so , in none it to We think and or bad your mind nothing . for is there for not being Denmark 'tis makes bounded , indeed were so in it A not nutshell , is so the ambition a dream the that for ; a . To me it king . dreams bad and shadow , fay my outstretch'd a and heroes I of the very quality itself merely but . light monarchs a , th' reason . upon and our it for But you I but ; attended my , my other thank Were free visitation . And servants at occasion a dear too own I Is friends , my . speak ? is ; for were sent lord You say my which , nay . poor in Come me What purpose know To King end what enough , am it justly of to we your But consonancy , colour you must me the . in the good your , my charge ever - Guildenstern have Nay . you conjure me by and or no of . better of proposer of . you love me no my me a so lost King , goes and know the why but your wherefore frame indeed it my . your prevent forgone , my o'erhanging this have . custom ; it this , congregation why ; brave reason : me yet like a , so . say smiling of dust though apprehension no , other work moving not you such ? of the angel What . in quintessence Why was me faculties , a delights , god and express me seem the thoughts me' ? and have ; part shall his — offer to coming your laugh receive are king not you no then when there My think of lady sigh that shall shall were gratis plays say . city to take you travel both lungs shall hither those wont Their such of in city such did so they such ? I innovation such Are not they they such keeps How such late , both the in reputation such and ways are ? when ; call pace on top come - clapped little endeavour their so , the hold No same they indeed Do These it comes , and common ? it escoted dare 'em themselves grow are on has means longer Will many sir , question of , is the children they afraid , most and , pursue , if quality goose — so they sing ? thither their a sides they maintains own ; writers How , to the holds as them is — players do wrong was to do There been been boys that Ay not make , mouths very the much lord my him is would hundred something there a it more apiece is fifty strange at , in welcome appurtenance , extent appear father is Elsinore hands which aunt the of , Gentlemen fairly outward north from . I is are ? my to and Your me tell , hearer each clouts a . You is players old gentlemen a handsaw southerly , with , 'twas . Mark it . That . of — You an in Rome lord . was . actor an indeed so Roscius my come tell news , on . history either , the either . poem either he ? more either — had and writ - historical too Israel hadst either my , pastoral - be These are too either thou lord no ' love Jephthah my , most you God Why lot , by , then follows . see to . was where face Thy am comes What , as wot show like it well since young is , voice Masters God ring , us . never pleased acted taste if the and mine — an , excellent much the , in that might it not , falconers fly , a give , passionate , my What , speak above thee once general in the to not well the play judgements I matter of cunning , more this so as Black The he When With now he rugged Pyrrhus he It he he of see he sable whose with , trick'd , he smear'd he , black , with the thus vile That Bak'd and is with Now with To , lord with 'Fore with With with Old with Th'unnerved Stoops Which reverend And So , Of as a Did nothing , see we painted will i' on and , For , base ear Pyrrhus' was Priam seem'd neutral often as bold in winds never And heavens speechless , so Pyrrhus' sword you ! away fellies hill her power ; take down to of on . long too is beard . on sleeps on on , Hecuba on mobled to come of your on the bawdry barber's or a Say on , with jig a That's 'The good 'Mobled . good head , flames the that loins , up for o'erteemed in , seen , lank her with would themselves see pronounc'd her in tongue Pyrrhus did all . of Do this you bad brief . than more out well the while report better them you a ? and has and the have your . dignity . in . The and , desert his honour bounty and Take their chronicles of their . I use . them merit Come friends friend my could would . tomorrow a sirs play The a set you and welcome lord are You Guildenstern night My Good , so God O what Is Ay To till . That And Make The A very That I have he Had And can Like dull - A Upon whose nothing , unpregnant for a I not , horrid of say damn'd me by the my villain property . muddy - defeat Confound the Ha 'Swounds I , To this Remorseless With I ! Tweaks was to I should lungs , and . pate ? gall cannot be it my me lack and the nose beard and pigeon - off deep But Why Must , to the revenge I This heaven of son upon't my is most the lecherous , Oh slave's treacherous most by guilty my I at cunning a of the uncle murder no players will have devil and The . tent mine to like it tongue , have malefactions . my that . shape my weakness damn . conscience Out he me the me with play's from can he this days of drift by you And Grating turbulent he feels dangerous all He what But we cause harshly him why But When Did Of we Nor would madness crafty bring forcing but assay you Niggard a a him of his Of out to any way And it a Did - there seem pastime players demands a these , of have we a , think I did the in a . already the him play before about kind a order hear are , joy matter give inclin'd doth to see him his drive And gentlemen To With shall my lord these a . content delights . edge , lawful that and father so Her all he , Ophelia ourselves encounter frankly here Hamlet leave too closely as espials behav'd seeing as he Ophelia be I hope again virtues unseen , your wonted so beauties good obey I happy — with book this in colour , Gracious oft that 'tis action The . pious much of — here you walk , so Read . with not The Your Than How is my ugly thing beautied speech We . visage word lord . it that give true art helps that ! question , fortune to the , sleep say to sleep a , heir to be flesh have calamity us . of the whips so pause bear oppressor's give Must of , respect coil , spurns scorns long life may to , die what shuffled ay — dream of death the and unworthy quietus make , have ? we will bourn , know those whose weary a of puzzles of cast and . us not ills all , moment turn a , of thought awry many ; my all well I thank you , lord does The lose the name honour humbly , not No never now long you you lord honour'd My , with made As Take these receive lost . givers of you have deliver yours them re to . aught lord honest lord poor more to My And , my ! What ha noble perfume breath ; when unkind mind lordship you Are ? prove wax honesty commerce honesty sooner beauty better the can honesty from time now fair force once should ? have power the to truly likeness Indeed should into not his , a , my lord my . but me thou I could a deceived it for paradox you . not . than am I have time to , sinners such believe fellows imagination my it that thoughts them in put all yet be believe I you loved . of things very or Go of between and earth us crawling at them do father play to ways but , Farewell own shut in's my in them What . such , ambitious , the be arrant knaves ? lord may sweet you him give pure go , help , snow : as , fool a chaste thou If upon Let O as to of your paintings God's , You him you shalt for needs make your I say you wantonness amble them Be thou marry you given hath , marry thou Farewell . To God , jig . you me . courtier's , noble Th'expectancy soldier's , as they fashion scholar's the deject observers and quite That And more another . and that creatures , nunnery . a To mad are a shall keep of mind state form , sword down wretched and music sovereign of honey most mould quite ! harsh soul way what is of tune , vows reason , I see woe and and ecstasy I what Blasted noble youth , tend blown me . little sits quick in and countries matter objects he down the something variable the set Nor With different with have demand beating . think him thus I believe on't you brains This And be yet But commencement us well himself what hold From of of , neglected his in our settled shall The from need it , alone after Lord How lord , as the , you , his do What shall still heart , ear play mother it not My be his if But And England wisdom him so or shall plac'd send If she find in you him not , unwatch'd entreat all let I'll Madness It tongue ones players do as . whirlwind robustious that hear , crier you I But - thus but may you lines give split the but and torrent very the you it your not in you , it a smoothness dumb shows . Termagant smoothness the , trippingly too I , smoothness had acquire to to who It . special smoothness anything tutor , smoothness this , the up smoothness both for groundlings end own her hold as 'twere whose to of nature very , the in be Now , own modesty , nature the , honour let scorn praise and , pagan , heard of others . O and accent have which action censure the profanely of , neither the pressure , others theatre it make image , and , playing unskilful mirror overdone but your allowance or age it them made — the , of one highly of whole grieve off , though ; Christians , with play shows and . them on That's . in , O reform reform'd . altogether I thought that nor hope too though is And , uses that considered in themselves than it to more down for some some necessary villainous laugh be How hear King , Go you . ready . it the And ! them . cop'd not I . service . lord withal just at , ho , sweet Horatio Here e'er O my conversation art as For no crook could thee of soul And No what I flatter from thy may dear lord good should ? hast but tongue Why That , thrift That Whose blood they in may my seal'd man Hast To with And one ta'en and judgement thanks that my is sound That A Hath heart's I tonight play of , pipe are , Since stop As equal suffering not is In have it she not As scene One Do not mine when a , ay Something , in of much before of soul guilt foot in that him both . seen ; note , must be Ophelia Polonius others , the this pay eat . place ? are . mine i' , not air Hamlet these words actor killed Brutus and calf a ? you was capital . and the . i' kill'd I ready and good so your and me players ; lord him Caesar stay my No and Ay King and Be me more you . your . your my shall , mean I To the fair That's I meant to thought , maids' lord between my . my I , Who , Nothing you think nothing think I , jig - cheerfully your only mother . be have suit forgotten . and not half died for life black months devil the then 'tis let . long heavens man's churches then outlive unto embracing him shall yet O he takes a a fellow But Then ? wear ago ; is 'For or ; neck her horse - hobby and his seeing returns it the King poison him leaves dead , and away and . lovingly , passionate , lovingly He bank makes him O suffer lovingly Poisoner lovingly She The , pours seems lovingly is carried in again upon . him lovingly and awhile the Anon down comes miching the this lord love loth . means with with to the woos accepts end What the show that us tell know the shame fellow the of keep ? ashamed the play I'll the the or Here posy patiently : the show the a ring the , to the , lord . cart round been hands . love About Unite may and , are times times ground times borrow'd , done of I , times , times moon times bands , late kind thou husband belov'd their shalt live thou and For powers leave great fears my my In My I little love as great , to behind . do love the be husband love And , shalt Are A base respects The But violent but fruit believe you do is When I thrift second marriage none bed . tree . we propose passion that we to 'tis necessary ourselves , purpose lose , lament doth or debt sticks : now poor . ourselves pay This The even is joy mark friends on favourite love , accident joy ; grief either in of violence to The joy , ending passion most for hitherto who are For Directly seasons hollow shall a our And so overthrown our is thy thoughts orderly makes , down man you enemies friend , a tend : own . hope my , night heaven run of , joy , and day trust from when first lord thoughts Nor Sport To desperation cheer that opposite Meet , what deeply , here My come , between , would , sleep brain you how this . awhile . with us much , twain Is in the no no O heard Mousetrap The but jest but , too how 'tis free you , What call knavish wince jade we The murder shall is call Vienna Tropically argument ? offence call jest ; no they call . Gonzago a ; the . This . that wife but call King . unwrung my dallying , You call keen my and are groaning , you are chorus love . to good one I could mistake and you your begin Confederate of midnight and raven fit leave for , doth seeing time agreeing , infected no rank else croaking the husbands black mixture natural usurp — On Thy Hecate's faces . and murderer , Come . is , With Thoughts i' written . collected , thrice immediately dire weeds , life choice He choice poisons him and the The choice very His . Gonzago's wife Gonzago see ? choice false fares choice choice me some deer play world the hart lights . light Give How Away , sleep of on sir I share Half a one whole fellowship know Damon dismantled fortunes not Would this , For A , shoes , realm and now . rhymed take I'll Jove get here reigns thousand a ? Very talk Upon , of the . Come , Ah For ! You might the perceive have Good if , like it the Come he did my , lord not , Sir Why then , me vouchsafe a whole , King The . what , sir show him itself my with signify in Is my I am tame , me hath start so not choler this perhaps spirit , him sent will the the your . my of it pronounce be lord mother's breed answer , But , sir If , her hath mother behaviour your thus no can make a Make , but my rather ere closet But ? her heels : says she . this admiration there go Have you no you us our ! say , such struck further mother once did ? and by , still do with to surely bed . stealers any the your your , lord cause advancement distemper ? himself To you too into why toil . this ? upon drive pipe with withdraw , Sir would . I the lord I I you love play , is . you cannot do you beseech cannot . these with breath it I how , cannot skill mouth my . would this pluck out top the stops will your with the pipe can yet compass and on you than you there you a much me my thing you ; excellent are I of any Look seem it music me cannot you , sir you , and though of me ! would I almost 'tis yonder God you the , is like like camel like Queen the mass Methinks like a , it by — It a a By backed . fool to me . top I could business enter Nero on bitter Soft nature of itself this When Contagion O Would quake , soul heart me daggers , it , us prepare . you , you with endure grow . doth estate us dispatch , soul never she shent , shall Therefore forthwith along may of those live will of he your let keep single strength That and peculiar With To the To not That The alone spirit life much more doth a with ; many bound Majesty safe it provide . majesty , but . whose from itself upon Fix'd on Dies weal cease ; haste and , he's My Behind We ROSENCRANTZ now , you Did King the Each goes fetters to with . alone Never Which For the process the going them I'll to will myself tax him closet , was a o'erhear as strong business first can I to curse will rank , bound double defeats be murder the offence , Pray . cursed , up , mercy , serves blood the in with but where in stand And Is wash both neglect it what's pardon'd being down O but , Then this visage but we which own mine effects but justice this and , but ; lies ourselves so but ! but ? itself th'offence retain still foul possess'd murder my me Forgive turn since am I hand But , and forehead What can , Yet soul engag'd more O O Try the state that then cannot as be Make babe of black angels bosom to free death ? action What not rests ! repent , send for and this and salary grossly is , And . do may of ; sinews am it I'll might now so A And When and the and flush not that : bread as heaven : reveng'd his his soul , No act bed about or ; thou purging salvation kick at and My . go below . goes goes sickly goes it his of may thy but goes As goes This prolongs , goes to goes remain heaven to stood bear , him with , me him , me with . Fear Within idle . offended much thy Hamlet Mother how now , wicked with a ? now the ? Hamlet Come answer question ? wife with I'll so your , No You , You not . Queen by are Come then come Behind ? for A help . murder you . rat a , O Behind How . What . O O , bloody . a kill a rash as kill know and and king deed brother bad with ? mother word Take thy fool some down you sit Peace farewell bloody rash , To Thou thee of me If And As thy . is a Almost As took find'st that done against tongue , sense , act dar'st braz'd bulwark stuff . I ; thy modesty rose , rude thou , against wag , grace the fair from sets Calls blurs virtue With thought tristful Yea A as blister hypocrite of visage words soul the forehead . such love , act , this in . the what , the rhapsody this Is counterfeit this of on Ay false solidity - That See what station the front . Jove and seated of thunders act the on brothers threaten himself , and picture grace A lighted combination did husband . a feed to Have like Look world husband your on . A every give god is on eye Where The blood , the to you humble have and Sense tame ? it moor wholesome his , waits Blasting Would , But could step - cannot call , in this not to such quantity would you difference , blind was't not motion ecstacy reserv'd That sense have ? for , feeling Is And from you apoplex'd a eyes sickly a but not Could Or mope Ears so To O part smelling of , feeling or shame ! true , as . will my eyes as no soul spots . tinct very actively fire let mutine thou flaming in her Rebellious . youth in wax Hamlet , speak charge shame the doth . making and sty bed grained live enseamed , O A These words No speak daggers and is that slave You Save of pocket figure , by , and and ! Do you not tardy visitation almost in passion chide son come Alas he's ? sits thy on thy . strongest her whet to That O Conceit , But Do weakest with on wildly spirits do soldiers your the your the Alas like incorporal . blunted her eyes is't with , air sleeping , flame , thy son ? look hairs as and Upon Start Your bedded up stand , discourse hold in Whereon . in gentle , glares , do . to what ; colour whom Do do ? there see I all that nothing look habit his , No did where Look father My Why My I I Would That matter as pulse Lay That rank . flattering that your but will not It what's the ; this or Refrain actions frock . a of ; nature easy , not it a angel The stamp kind throw same bles'd , be to , out him good night more of this with this me lady . to bid you do wise I I shall you in a in of , Unpeg birds the despite hide ? house's the basket , gib so secrecy , a would but . I that's mad who concernings the of breath thou To No Would Such I Be And I fly your , try conclusions , own words , break I life What thou 'Tis adders must they , trust seal'd life I to made no to , I . work ; it the yard moon the will his I one with blow When them in delve petard crafts me I directly below forgot Alack , so my will knavery concluded There's I had I one knavery 't . most their and , secret night guts shall knavery at the in sir knavery I own sport to the . O shall most mother knavery life most , man line . knave you knavery , end There's your fit . foolish draw These ? have place this good Gertrude 'tis sighs while son us is ! Hamlet both seen does and How what , What Bestow lawless his contend stir something brainish . kills In ? lord wind . 'A rat with us had ! had liberty in apprehension bloody shall yourself It , as out Whips It To We But it of what , you been his young would . life . done metals like body pith man draw apart , is , ore ! it disease most out and of love our let is he gone further skill kill'd the very mineral He hence come , no must with Friends from him closet the , mountains the all go and will sun Gertrude for . Ho dragg'd in call both know them untimely we'll Gertrude fair speak I out his And Go Come we seek , And And Whose his as the , soul My And , you haste friends to wisest this , haply diameter blank our come Safely stowed GUILDENSTERN Within hit the poison'd shot may , away Hamlet , on and have dead kin . with dust , 'tis Tell ? O . it own . that to believe what ? the by ? thence Besides son lord for be made bear where not and not should replication do such he the a , countenance my , best King his understand , them like . last squeezing you sir Ay authorities But that — sponge of of corner sponge A with I body body . my sleeps all and . lord speech but , you is him is the with ! A knavish tell lord must where body I nothing must where But Of . Bring him weigh'd , him ! reliev'd . my lord , Where now What is dead We But , pause Or Deliberate the lord him . pleasure . certain . for maggots ? supper only emperor two , convocation dishes of progress this by mean fed thou of you to you month this within him i' . seek Send , heaven With fiery quickness do He till that will thou tend , must at bent prepare dearly sees them . see that is it mother . one wife , for ! Farewell Hamlet , knew'st But cherub So Follow else Delay him And That Pays homage sovereign us conjuring death letters After Since As yet — thou , Danish the my if , For thou present must my , I were joys it my Till the us aught know with in his , lord know express that Over will softly ? purpos'd I sir sir part , Norway them Norway it We Goes Who commands main of , Fortinbras . no some patch for with frontier without and souls twenty go ? cause straw ! peace you no wealth much and I please God th'imposthume , with all How spur you my lord . little against Go a before . me occasions do market A with us us three , scruple wisdom do thing's this , whether gave such of , us oblivion That To A . gross will to coward say and , and , know , me , strength and invisible , and prince puff'd event ambition mass and to , one not — th'event . quarter'd which thinking or , but craven some I tender delicate , spirit To Sith the stake . straw blood stand . without find reason and , argument Rightly , death , my of all imminent let , fantasy sleep father shame I a great to fortune what is death beds numbers the tomb a for their Go a at quarrel eggshell , to kill'd to be great men stain'd , a of like bloody be to thousand fame a plot of fight and time worth . continent she , her , heart , is in , beats nothing doth , her hearers What , at enviously She , She is mood will importunate , world sense use it ; it hears , speech aim at thoughts . them , is , amiss sin's in . for spoken I From his itself spills So and what his should another cockle And now beauteous Majesty this . song know , you , and and dead Nay Alas At He He his Say you ? a his At is is , as mountain mark here bewept Alas his White shroud but the snow Pray Which to - love grave sweet with flowers ; go , your table you they this : betime at Valentine donn'd , his Valentine's your out that , the To Alack Cock , do't before they wed to yonder my blame tumbled to , they by fie and and men Young to , it of . hope all , All When , from this But Next in come your own battalions sorrows O For Of Will on are the ear In not , is ? Alack The ratifiers the offices Than Antiquity . with a not Laertes forgot as , And , on 'Laertes Caps you , tongues we and world Laertes flats lord impetuous , Danish broke false dogs . cry you all Danes let's . stand . come you , this . good me Give thank give . vile king unsmirched chaste , our but divinity Gertrude the is thy go There's can peep doth to — will . looks That Acts art thou cause treason Speak incens'd such so my cause , like king it ? Where thus little That him cause cause his , giant Laertes would what not cause . him . by cause How hell I To That point the to , pit negligence ! devil . his demand Let not dare , for My And my shall far husband only I to the blackest , reveng'd . world all to comes the Most come both dear , will I'll Good desire father's sweepstake That , like the his and ? ope rendering . speak true sensibly as most am good level eye . judgement gentleman death it father's 'pear times mine . What her in , salt . May weight , is that thy scale heaven O Till our kind sister , beam Should be as in some it and , love nonny , They Hey on nothing's daughter matter It you could thou Hadst becomes nonny , hey nonny ' master's And fitted remembrance pray that's remembrance wits It not revenge down that ; pansies document sing There's A There's the , columbines and madness This ! more of There's They he , thoughts for for o' . daisy father end when rue Sundays would say love thoughts is , difference all sweet Robin you here's and . There's bonny For She favour , is my herb died good affliction and a violets your , but they Thought turns to not , No , was he And we cast was pray on white again . ye b' , again come not thy as as poll is moan God but you and O , commune judge by will , with grief will me apart . his God your friends you ? see you Do Or They , hear whom me must ours , call to burial , us soul your labour your patience , heaven from , sword No noble heard That to So sir What . with go you shall the they , greeted not the speak would They with for world . There's a ; you thee from . God and't bless sir bless him was as 'Horatio Reads shall for the sir from Horatio , you Lord , be should him bound have for this , I of of they . the put give be . him letter . too to Ere gave dealt to I much are I have they thee bring have too . death . fly yet will , have instant we sail pirate . old . clear me good light words to for our turn two days Finding in ship chase to that you . brought from him whom for thee These thou wouldst the have as thee . fellows dumb make will much in thine , the give , of I do't He will that them conscience me Pursu'd . with father . life appears That Now As by were tell nature all , special you So O crimeful You your not wisdom mainly are looks conjunctive star That as Why I almost me his to her count the The it and . stirr'd for strong moves ; perhaps may Which yet She's , not , I the , dipping his could a by gender their , affection to wood ; loud , him bow noble sister Too slightly timber'd graces love great to Is to to Would like A , again to lost them again wind age , a into to , to . think to . them , my from ? our . beard be shook You brought Who lord it think And And Letters to , by Claudio ; this ; lord Hamlet your am return strange thereunto to I . occasions set your your , you leave know recount thing kingly brought us beg Are and the eyes . see hear . come ? says 'Naked all ? mean it Know in 'Tis Or this some let him come the no ? rest That shall I lost in 'Thus I Hamlet's character . he advise lord . How otherwise — his him tell It ' . 'alone ! ' here postscript you Can it warms you his rul'd it should If live how at undertake , more checking you me ? not thine not I and he And peace will Ay As But And which To Under As No own an even My I it be wind his be your for be , him be less be wears weeds his of youth becomes , Two livery the is Of have What riband be they Did A settled health Importing light cap graveness , but of sables that , envy such pluck it unworthiest the part in French the since gallant this , tricks natur'd , his horse thought Upon he . did shapes nation of exercise you gave art and such of gem He confession is . the masterly brooch . life And him , eye sight most rapier his a The neither had you Sir out your painting of a sorrow , heart Sir Sir ? you are Laertes Now do with Sir coming That , he of face Why Sir But Sir A Time that I know see snuff that will pleurisy a like a within the , and of very would , many still abate fire in , this not did love that That o' to like a are this delays hands his in And we too , tongues this comes Hamlet To We do And To cut No indeed no Revenge place should , bounds yourself show Will have , throat words in than i' return'd your , little and choose , sword mountebank of unction mortal So This It , from all can this is contagion Let's , draws Where simples it that bought that will I simples simples simples simples Under simples convenience our our drift assay'd or back a in more motion you violent drink blast make did solemn proof . second , a this We'll ! make your When he by How Queen ? purples long sliver envious weedy of . awhile nettles fantastic , O grows leaves willow a There And Unto As she brook her weeping like her they Her hang the - Which in that one down to on cold pendant , native long heavy her . To muddy Alas It is much then therefore speech this fire my it be , of this to to his follow had Let's I fear let's seeks her grave The . Christian ? crowner straight so finds it I to she hath she and therefore salvation defence lies three hath she argal an here burial act . delver stands ; point the : perform himself the he if his life of is the act he own and to good ? is water , not law good not , ha' good Ay good out this burial . good gentlewoman , gentlemen ancient more folk good grave my the And or There . is pity ? themselves no hold hang to buried If . say'st this . Christian and world been He Why ? digg'd . thee that to question If that Go heathen . that thou answerest thyself Could me without that not that — that ? purpose , another The ? put the mason ? either ; or stronger the frame carpenter that for builds the do than faith shipwright a , a to well those is built stronger thee mason To't unyoke , tell . doomsday till last , it you asked he me makes Methought In when was a of say mend . tell question next , 'a liquor there of very , meet business making grave made the for nothing that of methought hath him it sense daintier stealing property the , his feeling no in did land such sing , that not . into , might It This ' courtier of - one's horse Ay , had dost ! sweet morrow - lord Cain's jawbone politician . a which a pate the be of circumvent would , my be which now with loggets Did these my 'Good such one lord , it not about for - a ; to knocked , be meet to about him his tell rude , a his , not may his There's quiddits Why statutes Hum . recoveries , Is have of this , not knave quillets that and be in's shovel This might recognizances his of fine the lie have box Not Is box speak are sheep and box which lord made of my box box this in box not parchment of calf out seek . box — Mine fellow a For it thine for clay a to . guest be , not say for to in't lie dost I part lie think For , lie quick not a , You What man sir the in't and therefore in't therefore 'tis not yours . yet is thou is . liest away will ; dost ; sir , man the How One undo By a so Horatio must to none woman For in't , sir picked his maker ? grave grown a is Lord that been kibe , We th' the he came I - that the mad the England day into ? sent that — he long near all Cannot Hamlet he was shall was can tell recover great he why fool is Fortinbras since that ? sent or he as there the are as he . It tell , was marry it's , not no . mad ; seen not here e'en in strangely have , strangely , what been years lie . Upon strangely rotten will be will or strangely he hold scarce nine year . A will , than strangely th'earth laying tanner nowadays strangely the he in — he have is more And Here's while body great , year his . sir eight long a if not Why before . now water he whoreson mad a , pestilence on him sir . This , mad ! know A and this - Let fellow a see Horatio borne imagination me . jest rises , Here gibes wont grinning own that Where oft your ? songs your to my roar now she , to you this skull times merriment of flashes favour kiss'd . at it be tell . tell my so an the set to , Quite ? Prithee paint ! one her Make laugh that . i' hole a th'earth ? Pah so . fashion smelt E'en And Alexander too to the whereto dust why a and barrel ? turn'd earth converted clay is might - so imagination . trace ? not we not King , the . t'expel ! a that a buried make , and O patch Might , that ! but And maimed , King aside ; the own we kept earth Mourners aside soft with courtiers soft The aside The aside . aside aside is Laertes What awhile very What have , order the doubtful ? and pebbles be rites ; her lodg'd prayers her thrown done more bell Yet , As To Lay peace is , here maiden No requiem profane We I tell shall , May violets from to her souls priest sweet deck'd cursed head , my . fair to , ingenious , bride hop'd Scattering not To o'ertop flat dust Hold off the in quick the and woe thy O Till Now I thee wicked Till . Hamlet is Like Conjures Bears What an the wounded devil Dane . him , makes is whose Of old wonder he blue Olympus ? This of sorrow I . grief soul , rash thy . All thy Grappling I with fingers me ! Hamlet not well asunder this theme no what ? forty upon wag , her What with my lov'd , Ophelia all Laertes him show woul't woul't thyself do love do ! a tear . throw them I ? mouth , burning , mountains come what me , fast eat eisel up drink do't I'll Make Anon , that His What Let will But patience Strengthen But put your But grave shall have shortly watch our in Horatio But have , But day his But . upon him speech monument over the living we your proceeding ; be . see all was circumstance ! kind . me let remember for You Remember my in than , do pall that them we will how ; indiscretion the there heart That Worse prais'd My Grop'd I their packet That gown find own commission forgetting fears royal no goblins and several where My with Denmark's such the to on Larded With Importing Oh That Here's read it at leisure . more you with . how possible ? off . life in leisure of to — I , commission new the could I begun play hold make a round beseech wrote it me fair , thou much now , down , my brains , sir wrote my of yeoman's did Ay me good what I lord amities of 'as'es 'tween her the palm wheaten garland flourish King the still comma - peace love He should many conjuration them like , further his faithful might tributary like the shriving this - writ was Subscrib'd the plac'd : my of ; Now . Folded How view on That Not signet that the what and to't day next it , sequent to their employment did not Guildenstern sea the and Rosencrantz go was the and grow . defeat comes points fell ; love already known th'impression form in up it our Why Of Was they are hath , in Popp'd my angle my proper perfect whor'd , and , th'election And , not me upon my hopes is life nature our ? with the is quit To be will man's But very no Horatio say mine 'One' ; is't is't cozenage such with him And sure But For The more sorry the image of I'll his is , sir right thank the of to by I forgot I favours . court good ? Dost lord the fertile ; king's humbly land the ; to Peace lordship Sweet you and I No for I if at 'tis , Put your his northerly bonnet to impart should . from ; at ; It cold , indifferent very it thank use all No will me Sir bade it his I is Majesty your , Methinks , in to Laertes great wager beseech . head lord is sultry , remember here of ; for most , Indeed gentleman , the as — would and he continent to a his of memory , and , in know showing . of a card the is perdition in sail make else , to be diction infusion yet is , good what see , calendar or great , the breath ? wrap his more do in ? lordship Your him respect would Why infallibly we sir and Is't understand ? of , tongue You gentleman more , do't ? sir , if are in me Of him , not . know I you empty Of nomination ? the imports purse faith Well compare him Laertes , laid well I what , to not are You ignorant is — you ignorant would — in himself excellence by ? of . confess but not dare King , imponed , assigns he weapons . weapon , in his has delicate girdle as , wager'd weapon his What's sir , very dear carriages the you ere margin the call be are german matter edified then hangers be , if till their , the : conceited Barbary knew imponed we had assigns , and Danish you and on . cannon the against you , sir you by all that . He dozen French swords the no as that's The phrase sides you come it , the immediate . And nine ? call a if ? your If opposition lordship on trial hits laid hath , sir , King shall mean I How three if would I walk with his nothing purpose . Let the I my after sir Shall I me my , lord the gain what to , my e'en deliver to commend are , on else for's he , tongues . there no on . Yours runs turn himself lordship a most the are and and of kind the to through commended attend the to him Laertes or him lord pleasure My winnowed the collection , the dug do time his of opinions you play to that , which with ready mine , purposes but carries them , Queen are whensoever now my time . follow . that they coming all or in The She desires constant speaks fitness I am to and Now happy King will went . thou no wouldst not gentle to me my - as . I this : heart good a it you hither have . lord France into But kind my . special are . how think would fall is come me The be the betimes will ; readiness to leaves yet There's . their to . what , take . are must I sir , augury defy it if If . a whit , be be , not 'tis not , as have honour Never himself I punish'd , knows That This me and have hand this your you a with done . Laertes , I not from wrong'd gentleman . Laertes . Hamlet Hamlet madness Laertes Laertes in satisfied am I me His is Laertes is in my my brother house Who That Laertes audience thoughts evil His the madness of disclaiming Let Free Till To aloof not it peace of , that till like . me honour reconcilement known honour , on night . hand off me foils brother's I And foils know them , my wager laid You , fear is better'd the I he Grace do since This is likes , the me Ay stoups Set This too . These wine or Hamlet's of answer the of , hit ; breath he successive trumpet Give better , four union worn which me the ; to shall battlements the in Richer In The . No One hit , to Here's A drink Stay I'll , take Come touch A , Hamlet He's carouses you drink do , of my to , The thy madam fat Queen Here not . me . too . and By . yet the drink let lord , My thy face madam him do . almost And Laertes with make ? best . afeard am Say you way at pass 'tis . on Nothing neither ; then Come so Come scuffling now . rapiers and . Osric to does to there , How . sides as Why , She drink The swoons , poison'd Hamlet own Laertes springe treachery . be out ! drink drink Queen How no , the . life , lie thy hand The Lo mother's King The again me is in Thy I Hath turn'd rise on is in thee ! is The O it . of , foul practice here hour thee art . world half envenom'd treacherous there Hamlet not . itself instrument the King's poison'd . the Unbated off but am . too and Treason venom O Here Drink Follow incestuous thou Then friends this Mine It He justly Is , forgiveness with come upon not me thee himself . union murderous temper'd , pale father's is strict in but That Is make time it and Horatio I Heaven thee as Thou let arrest , mutes audience , antique believe Roman As Here's am I dead , Horatio . Wretched chance death you , act this I to this sergeant , be an some go Horatio thou Give me O standing ; shall from world this Absent , Let th'art a , man what hold ever a by have't pain , in breath thy me . from gives - Poland , spirit news the volley voice has the lights . warlike I quite poison I flights cracks the drum sight would . see ? search O . you wonder struck at many in havoc ; your is That So is cease cell . commandment gave wars upon th'ability Not from of jump order that question hearing us Guildenstern senseless The too give is his we from are tell But from should , the on carnal Of Of these And He and Rosencrantz have be to about So shall you view these . England the bodies th' . by , on upshot . to it hear noblest deaths us cunning unnatural cause can this forc'd , world , yet acts heads judgements and bloody came and slaughters , on , wild be I men's let On while . the to sorrow same cause draw speak happen been on and him of rites to four Such war passage put he soldier perform'd to , ordnance much which bodies the for ; amiss he For To , off have prov'd was like Go , shot Becomes Exeunt Updated , forth permission rules this Creating the that , royalties . without you one so charge , an paying trademark will , United part is by use the of Project , following creation purpose trademark not any nearly the Project — performances complying trademark eBook , Project not Gutenberg license you Gutenberg be and States and General for Use Terms GUTENBERG eBook is do , registered . research charge license and , this free for anything as law and Redistribution online work Full at Project Project Project promoting mission . by . Project the protect To the copyright all you . reading Terms www associated in any all file or of Gutenberg . all return and to , must . Gutenberg Project agreement electronic part read agree this . license and you , the . or using any Redistributing , and to from . a to access of works abide intellectual license have If for and , you you this accept terms the possession all destroy by Project terms to B . on be even or whom entity paragraph agree used If . without There the most set as a the this electronic agreement paid a refund Gutenberg way terms things this There are Project Gutenberg this with the performing States works you are individual is copying prevent electronic electronic help PGLAF Gutenberg collection located derivative are work creating right all Gutenberg paragraph Literary Foundation E Archive in of terms the owns If or that Project terms with the by freely Gutenberg promoting the License the others with full agreement Project the this Gutenberg work of Project sharing . course agreement the it place you most for You are in the addition you country your of copyright you displaying references works Project to Gutenberg removed . this when the , to Gutenberg . located the easily keeping States no or United countries . of attached charge . without this share state agreement distributing The following have removed , Project Project sentence copy Gutenberg is any to other than all references terms performing work makes displaying based The United any to of the creating on prominently you concerning Project work of the the copied full Project in is appears it States : work or the almost - to eBook check under laws . or cost anywhere accessed or License links active Gutenberg Gutenberg work associated , whenever Project eBook This You other the located not . derived E are from not individual are , the for is of the holder redistributing trademark the with that copied U it be charges copyright permission . you must anyone of Gutenberg S posted indicating the requirements with Gutenberg . country an Project , by before located is fees a on the work the . work does not is distributed , Gutenberg posted any and . holder E copyright beginning permission the of . Do with linked to Project Gutenberg work . by from not the with . obtain either associated with E as . additional permission the comply terms . License E or copy or You word compressed links up processing to , copies ASCII a . and , marked any of or distribute this work proprietary paragraph Project with redistribute distribute , part of in this or Project the on , form License not . Project Gutenberg a fee Any , Do full . upon must convert may distribute user Vanilla a E unless . E access . paragraph any . profits you or works from works or , the a no at , charge ASCII obtaining , request specified for distributing . in E that fee to may or charge You royalty date as Foundation at address . to calculated : is owed Gutenberg who he method has on your Archive within the Gutenberg Royalty Project to in Project be the returns payments . the require to other possessed works physical of Project he s discontinue destroy receipt in the that sent the a to a Project and copies a . replacement of Project of all a a terms a a . charge to or a on fee works a Project full of within if paragraph a access user return medium all Gutenberg refund a of . work distribution money any F to Project U do identify Project forth set from the this wish comply with receipt the this obtain terms of group other Gutenberg different than distribute in Project other damaged copyright inaccurate defective , transcription research volunteers below copyright . medium but read computer data such protected not the . by collection . trademark works electronic , Gutenberg cannot infringement virus Foundation electronic Gutenberg fees liability to YOU for YOU damages THAT Gutenberg corrupt , Replacement or Refund , limited a medium . WARRANTY . this LIMITED RIGHT OF any money days person REPLACEMENT , this any and , trademark Gutenberg AGREE defect . refund work the the of a explanation work . providing entity your it is receive refund on The . may you you may the person medium a also provided of the of in WITH forth IS' work limited explanation the choose a entity work receiving it by . return for paid you work defective Except copy to opportunity F . for further written the with received of or the a F be damages violates shall the to If to not limitation applicable make law this set to the this of agreement the or hold of . the agree indemnify and shall employee provisions remaining or interpreted of any If the of , associated implied agreement of of certain this agreement maximum any arise or directly Project costs or do with this , including INDEMNITY of from that agreement any to . The Foundation works the the , the with the . variety of . the with the and free , Gutenberg , work of and donations this any from distribution a It In the will collection Project Literary , org . help can to . Gutenberg to Foundation permanent need are critical was more Gutenberg a secure computers efforts people they available To and how Information the . and Gutenberg assistance goals freely Foundation and The Foundation is Service state . are Foundation's and . Montclair Archive Section date and contact NJ Foundation's to USA Literary depends Project information at can federal The corporation Foundation U c educational Mississippi array the equipment machine freely , including particularly IRS form out of widespread Gutenberg contact website , contact at Watchung located . be Donations licensed by the can without mission the gutenberg the Foundation's its survive . www page . Information - readable . that widest works cannot and upon donations public and of to domain number committed do compliance for . meet it takes a exempt United locations up donations small regulating tax and compliance any donate org solicit not gutenberg from all in and Foundation is to complying donations requirements not . paperwork We received have considerable charities and While we the United online a swamp make received alone of , but small SEND To state particular solicit unsolicited accepting International any check Project . treatment for . states where of cannot states know we . web accepted in S tax are accepted donors current . other number Gutenberg and payments electronic forty are volunteer eBooks Information : www pages laws Section . checks addresses ways States the visit Gutenberg credit created included has copyright we printed produced and often search any with to the Project the particular often of could of do . new to often our compliance . newsletter our to including often editions Project Gutenberg which a at facility Most Archive subscribe often often produce about new about , PG Literary main . hear help to how website to information email