there Stand live King and unfold . to ? Who's struck For much am . 'Tis this And you 'Tis . guard . quiet Well Not at thee twelve night Horatio do watch them Friends think I hear And , haste is ! Who ground to I If farewell , honest . Give ! you reliev'd . Dane good Holla place hath - piece ? tonight him . us night this has Horatio appear'd seen belief but let have the minutes this I watch dreaded entreated of come it speak . ears , your story apparition to so And are we nights down again awhile . again Horatio . it comes of part that Marcellus one night . Horatio of time Horatio fear with me It Together with majesty form and ? I it Mark harrows would What like . Most march ? By It Did Stay See , it away which , speak , not ! Is ! Horatio ! now Before ! this more something What think God Of mine . to Norway , in Polacks he : King might I , my the sensible the like thou the on ice . When he once when Such the was he 'Tis this at ; watch . hour our not state tell and particular in sit , So Does What such not joint - that whose : the that might And Good But the , sore King , Fortinbras by know , but whisper That the At Dar'd on in ; of as prick'd combat this this even the , least side labourer with week inform Doth night be ; goes I ? me you Was For Did so carriage of the article by King inheritance , young the as sir , which a same , design'd had competent lands compact ; return'd conqueror all , vanquisher As he And Of But to recover . foresaid our which of Norway cov'nant full ; in't lost terms hath So by source - haste other sort it this our armed so hand e'en so eye wars the figure King watch mind's Rome fell watch like that through That the of post it no watch this and motive And watch Well The watch watch may and watch think the trouble the of tenantless gibber of ; Neptune's doomsday still almost sun of fierce the , blood dews the empire coming eclipse and mightiest palmy is high mote The A A graves and in and influence with fire squeak In the the the and . dead sheeted moist again , use me Speak thou thee be thou If If cross which , good privy happily Speak Which Extorted if thou , I Shall of , Do it 'Tis , show air blows it our And Upon cock Doth and of Awake , or . object present This , To , fearful it then It say , ever Saviour's our Wherein on the that is 'gainst in with , a that his , summons shrill earth hies herein . throat morn , celebrated stir dare power the takes , nor , wholesome witch ; abroad , to charm ; it , hill clad , know , life advice duty with him , upon acquaint will , fitting speak our , to it morning , Lords , Laertes , Hamlet our dear it woe our us him our think jointress Together That Yet auspicious in With Have Th'imperial our , we one to this a dole freely with one with , remembrance sorrow discretion in one wisest of now ourselves , joy . state and delight have , all young brother's advantage with those us out pester to this disjoint late supposal weak with state thinking Or He his father fail'd with brother valiant for , the not be our of and time we : is - and ourself the Norway his nephew's bed ; full we and : purpose of rid , that proportions and , The further Of His and that , We doubt all let no you to Cornelius this King and , articles allow , your these with To Farewell business and CORNELIUS Laertes us it : heartily is't to , of . more not instrumental have return to came your , willingly and Your now thoughts And bow Have his my hard at gracious bend that duty son kind , be ; leave my father's your By beseech I my them But little more clouds now fair graces hour A that How . than the lord , am much still the colour a thy i' less cousin , and my lives eternity common . with ever is , common , nature , Ay it ! seems not is cloak inky solemn I it , alone madam Nor windy Nay so Why it my Nor , Nor Passing through madam Seems No have they truly . man ; mother , eye indeed nature , sorrow his , for But to bound visage , father term grief , woe show , sense , opposition ; mind be unschool'd fault in most the any As But That lost simple vulgar ? against to should understanding will a , must till and , a whose dead fathers corse . Take For A shows unmanly heaven cried , earth as Why it reason of the This a are most ; unprevailing first that I It and you to remain chiefest In Our not retrograde to less you you comfort in For bears of us and let father of You And going impart which no most cousin us my madam . of son his , intent best best Wittenberg to , best . best . best best , whereof shall again . cannon health jocund to Come , tell would God an uses ! should much to ; That ; fie the , Everlasting resolve the that this O But merely — satyr king that , not ! nature in earth and mother heaven Heaven winds my this ! to was to him on hang might her Visit As fed on and beteem not the had a ! would garden unweeded come things rank and gross of this two : father uncle were even — is name thy , ere my poor , followed — Hercules most flushing of more discourse mine , month galled . no Why shoes body woman reason — she to married — to her to to to sheets good to . hold , ever my to : you — to ? lord Horatio with . you . lord good same glad , truant in you — sir . report my , ear you in lord good , of my make from so violence ? see are . upon I you to drink to to see , lord do prithee We'll lord . marriage heaven in day , my I funeral . wedding ! forth that my seen methinks lord eye Indeed Did Would , Where , had Horatio , furnish — In He thrift , mind's think I father ? your father . king . Horatio once take was like in all , a goodly upon saw my your witness of these may father The the attent , I gentlemen watch night father King hear these march he with - eyes , to marvel God's dead In Been Two me , solemn surprised , watch me the and point at Armed By their thus Where , hands not knew your ; distill'd , the both , night impart kept and . of fear length oppress'd Almost Within his thing they speak the with act secrecy I this word ? it ? we where did , speak yet , head you My , upon But . platform where answer My did speak . watch . honour'd in , sight haste crew : like it lord to the you , think , my 'Tis live To it writ at motion up And do And And As we did vanish'd from of ; true . troubles me . beaver , he wore frowningly face his saw , O more than in sorrow . anger ? hundred a it . you Stay'd long . been have . haste , would amaz'd Longer beard It was , was have A I as I seen If watch person you , tongue tonight sight , honour your mine , Our loves I my spirit doubt , arms play earth father's some the still foul . Farewell , soul give sleep . as do hear doubt Do convoy let that . rise . me assistant the from , you and trifling sweet , minute , a , suppliance more , youth of a , No , as but the cautel loves but , is to unvalu'd not his own ; state persons birth fear , besmirch must now , his his the And he The The Grows greatness he may for Carve For of not is no virtue And now soil ; will as His sanctity head . Then so deed saying his fits the give Then rear unmaster'd his Ophelia you And is May the too To , It Whereof As If it keep your weigh chariest itself Too The she If And Contagious in to Youth Be oft the , best blastments shall heart But none lies safety though my lesson do pastors and steep as the not watchman me I Whilst primrose some . this good most else , comes . my leave for , your wind Laertes ? a me But own not heaven rede long . too the a There my no precepts his in unproportion'd but , thought thoughts , grace double second sail you memory adoption no and means act thy shoulder , sits Give thy each new dull by thy quarrel may but ear soul , hast unto do Nor familiar comrade being of few reserve buy thy purse ; but thy censure fancy apparel not But man the express'd France in of they thou Be - hatch'd with Of Are And a as habit Costly thine man's it This humbly The go I blessing be servants well , my you . tend . friend ; the night to in your leave . false any lock'd the Ophelia , and to it . of he something , hath you ? Hamlet oft most you — the key , memory shall . yourself free 'tis Given private time What is't to you . me of bethought yourself understand caution daughter my my is of me . truth clearly I put bounteous must late . he your be If I know my tenders , you Unsifted ! in , Affection , do Marry you his , speak his to a green , should think , the a , phrase dearly fool yourself wind me , may fashion My , Which , you ta'en teach ; tender it call all countenance With , Or When tongue vows : the springes to catch than , how ; me a love higher presence . heaven vows speech his , the given blood , Lends Giving in must the , entreatments in given vows believe not Do Than But better Breathing Not you for This slander in beguile plain sanctified any with the Lord leisure time : forth , show are investments suits , terms . implorators dye , of so , I you words Look give shall , struck of hour What now it Wherein I Indeed The air bites shrewdly ; an lacks the . and eager rouse his and - and , the wake held not it think I the does kettle as this my to ? takes upspring Rhenish ; draws . wont out is't ? thus reels walk - manner breach revel of tax'd and honour'd to to in custom phrase swinish it height , here a other east than and west and indeed nations and though achievements Makes us traduc'd addition their nature o'ergrowth plausive their our Soil us clepe They of That of of down some it marrow they of nature particular of habit , some forts , of guilty not his pales , as general substance . of reason star of ; o'erleavens and else As Shall form of , in that From Doth Being I own Nature's His own I will own King , father royal ignorance own , burst , me canoniz'd their ; own why inurn'd the in his own op'd we Why Have own That Making night is beyond to shake the thou cast saw up thee Hath , beckons thoughts Say , It waves will not Being forth thing again the beetles Or if waves o'er some base his to tempt there deprive your Think of horrible into other puts into form it desperation sea reason sea , sovereignty every to many hears on And looks you The Be My each petty you ; in hands not I'll follow my , me still , roar It . gentlemen me . not off , heaven make I'll am makes cries artery as As I say I call'd , waxes My ? Speak come , further . lend I , am to will almost tormenting art Speak , to revenge ? to . fires , forbid word from and secrets . my whose - I days that house unfold list — O porpentine part on not unfold unfold foul unfold his and unfold Murder unfold If To ears of Revenge , foul most most , or to me to thee this meditation know't As thee Haste duller thee shouldst rots stir find my itself thee by but that Now O my , incestuous prophetic wears thee serpent 'Tis thou That out thee stung ; me that sleeping the know thee Ay O wicked O The So of my in even to . have traitorous beast gifts shameful to , with , falling seeming was decline dignity mov'd , afternoon my morning within the , a ears in the uncle effect vial stole ; be will of link'd heaven ; hour hour hour hour man of courses the doth bark'd it posset hour my queen a hour through and sudden wholesome like a life hour , natural quicksilver as with That swift And I No imperfections to ! horrible O ! with with the , luxury unanel'd and , with brother's of disappointed , all reckoning Most with Of Thus with O for , thou nature even the sent , blossoms head in couch howsoever thee most not With my Let thy Against Taint to The all O Adieu And glow and To prick - sting her shows adieu , heaven of hell , Yea In I'll of wipe and and . book , away this poor distracted , while up , sinews stiffly my bear you And shall And My O That one . Hamlet I , 'Adieu , sure , am may least you adieu , be . Now my me . MARCELLUS lord . him my , bird ! Come Heaven So Illo Within ho , is't ho , my news my you'll my , tell , O my would But be secret you'll No , lord lord Good , I by ? lord in . my dwelling , MARCELLUS you ne'er Ay There There's HORATIO . all my tell , i' circumstance shall go poor pray . my , heartily , I'll I'll , you here I'll this is . heartily ; I'll I'll , lord , let I'll one me , my ? We , and will . now is me between us . tell request MARCELLUS . lord my faith Nor I Upon , lord swear't , already indeed Swear . lord . lord . the Art fellow swear to , ha sayst hear under upon my . hither . we'll Then ? Swear my , you sword Swear upon you . sword . heard sword again Come work friends strange . fast so , as things said There are O , A and mole Once wondrous Horatio mercy shall never on bear help think stranger this or me , in this more Canst ! night day As 'Well arms you , as more How dreamt a , we or giving your grace know Swear and . Swear Beneath at 'We aught such to know' , me : spirit , So you to . note not this be you do ; to us you , would' , is in spite and love his out shall not lack on O man I so commend me friending do a as pray cursed . will , to good Reynaldo inquiry lord , these wisely . behaviour him visit Of did . I how What , and company Enquire , who this you Take your Than That As thus And , encompassment know Addicted if't part his expense means what do they him' do well he's may my this his . rank usual and gaming noted take wild , slips . the in it his to but seem may meaning he may taints of . a liberty mind , breathe scandal general lord unreclaimed ? this assault drift of , my th' i' , a laying believe , these breathe prenominate son working , on sullies a my fetch — addition 'gentleman' . country does consequence ' , yesterday him then — Very By At so with There Or He does At or in to was I about to say I , day say , you saw 'friend : o'ertook or in's ; t'other . the and and such the or know perchance — not ; as you , thus , gaming then with brothel , or this forth of house at , assays of of you , my lord lord . music . yourself ply him , Well lord . of matter God so sewing the chamber all in name my , stockings was I , what Hamlet his head what's Farewell my ? been , lord With Alas , Lord lord upon and down unbrac'd ? shirt speak To Pale No , And My not What I as with a with hat Ungart'red if he other hand the his held do his me ; of perusal length wrist ? his stay'd he so brow o'er and and bulk all up down piteous a — draw it little did his As being rais'd head shaking arm , last doors his thrice He would his . thus . so seem he very passion heaven undertakings desperate King , help find shatter their went bended I will fordoes any of go me eyes shoulder his way light their lets me go , seek itself , violent does have ; his access His given am words late love on natures as the property as to good you my , I had am To To cast Come , which than , is meant And This be lack discretion . grief to hide . nor the call man , with humour put hath him , and . th'understanding I see to use Something . was so it him , both up in you himself you of living , thus , much hath he , us unknown talk'd will will not there our hope our time your expend to As To And I aught much draw That adheres with us and . command majesties power , Than dread Put , full , thanks have feet in obey into at . gentle Rosencrantz and and To ourselves freely commanded be here Might by the And gentle Thanks And our . practices is , you . some where instantly to amen , Hamlet . him our good my to my to Both , still hast been you I and God duty lord I And Have Hunts the cause — trail do Hamlet's found have brain King news good or of I hear to that to that so this I long great to admittance . to : feast ; lunacy of , us'd speak Thyself Give shall grace do My He doubt of no it all your the brother Norway . appear'd preparation The our we is shall what from father's death Voltemand sift Well Welcome , into , That Fortinbras falsely better your , age he sent levies a Highness sends and never . with against your out more Majesty joy the annual in he which On But was Was from fine and whereat against It Gives And levied commission of uncle , in Norway arms overcome further against , herein pass . labour time is and time day of wit time duty , the and and , mad madness ? go that with I , farewell And But is't to But What Or pity 'tis true true : mad is let grant , it find Mad That it have a and Hath Now an Now Who I Thus Now remains in , daughter Now To ill Now Now dear Ophelia I , But Now evermore that , Good ; stars truth these numbers my best most love ill that . And , As This more , hath , by fell All in out given his love , you might , and idle winking the told Majesty your me you , honourable might round work , to mute I queen must hot I daughter As my I Or I might What I If dear I , love it prove had perceiv'd so this , heart I No with , or desk Before I had my look'd And I into a sadness a fruits his then I ? out went sight , dumb gave resort thy , weakness a my no receive the — no messengers took thence ? declension to from , of into by likely know I'd ''Tis fain very . that , so . I from this lead it me circumstances That there may , I , hid is truth How You walks . hid does know sometimes he centre further hours to . for encounter the Mark me not . behind If from be keep assistant indeed loose he and farm a state fall'n love daughter him , not , Hamlet my Well You lord Not well you a - leave good I Then , God - I Excellent goes . a dog as kissing picked one to of in a , being , not love read extremity you for , my ; Yet very but . he is do fishmonger on my harping He men thick have , down powerfully amber and you crab wit most it eyes their sir though am , to have a , if like I , yet air ? Aside madness on How between hits delivered Into out I is that suddenly honourable contrive not lord , sir , take my except meeting grave . often that o' of will be most life my air . him my and I my . part you . my , old God . To save Hamlet My ? do thou , both dear earth Ah , dear dear ye Guildenstern dear dear middle in or the we how is ; dear privates . a she her favours my world's the ? of lord my the parts you my , Then my the my her about live . my my prison world . lord my my news that O particular Then in not being which there one is , worst , is nothing prison and , lord for ; it ; a 'tis it To then Why Which I ambition it so . you in makes is either have bad , too a and a . the . shadow ambition of a very . light monarchs my . and for But ; servants attended ? occasion thank I . but halfpenny free , visitation in ? are . say we Come with justly dear it But . dear the to I dear dear teach let our dear But . me dear dear you must you to ever fellowship , Guildenstern preserved , have eye If . for even . charge Nay - you to wherefore your of late and tell will most goodly . What in , paragon the an , a other in of Man ? form and smiling was your though dust work is man like you seem me And how , me of thing fretted than piece delights apprehension lord , when if you delight 'Man stuff I to We not said in coted them service Majesty you his — or his foil shall ; peace sere th' part target in his shall are , residence Their city . the such better the such inhibition their such How such such the same comes such , How No estimation they such both by followed when means did they I was the , it in clapped of children common rapiers so aerie and of are like most no sin bid to for unless to poet and . the . there has argument been is that , Ay is , father uncle is lived picture . Let are you must . lord , ceremony Your which entertainment players the appear - In more is welcome are my my Gentlemen of , are fairly you welcome to fashion extent But north - but north Well hawk you , with you a ; for they say . is man old You Rome , comedy his tragedy , either - historical pastoral - tragical law Seneca - pastoral cannot writ - came actor on honour my Upon each , for , world in the historical too , heavy my the historical - tragical scene a , These treasure ? more , loved , Jephthah O judge Why , Aside call daughter he love ? old , my have then Nay , that I where , it more thee Thy is was For Denmark in to What to nearer am glad than voice fly my valanc'd I , young like , when anything of you , if speech , French like a speech once remember , received I was a us never pleased not the million others as , your heaven , give to't . We'll , speak above not , judgements , the . and cunning , savoury one said much I play whose caviare heard , such in me , thee once to author general chiefly especially memory where at this there , no honest phrase in the lines as , it of as might that fine an in were scenes It Black now he heraldry Pyrrhus so of more 'Twas he The lay loved he speaks very When Hath With he That murders impasted lend parching black mothers , he in live , me let me he , Pyrrhus begins whose ominous horse — he and dread couched , With Now is he with , spoken finds . Priam good with with light and like thus vile their , with discretion good with Pyrrhus with with crash top , with hideous with with For . seem'd tyrant i' his , stick , and Seeming to his to Did see stand storm some against we often neutral painted nothing . on , this the , a lo Pyrrhus' was a Which as So And like Priam heavens speechless death as the rend Doth With Out , On And out the her of on . fiends . beard your on tale of . or . on sleeps Prithee . on on on say to come . and stood of up caught loins fear in with and diadem the blanket would treason pronounc'd steep'd is threat'ning for good clout th'alarm in this 'Gainst But bisson A if Pyrrhus clamour his burst have mincing of passion the gods eyes instant with saw state , rheum barefoot Run Where With tongue all , About Would has he not in them sword things , out speak In When gods the well , well have they My them use . Use while according . a and bestowed the more you . used your see the are ; deserve , him , We'll more I after them Use the they hear Follow thou Dost tomorrow We'll dozen friends ? hear need . not to lord are Follow . b' , so what Ay it force Could from That forms voice to A With Is a That he he Had What's in have general would her , For his ? he him all would and , say defeat Upon calls John A ignorant dreams property villain damn'd And And cleave I the the - dull very Confound The a of and - whose can Like was and , I pate it breaks made Ha With I have son am , Prompted , what To That ass the fall revenge a heaven my ! upon't I Foh very ! play , I I Fie dear This ! bawdy , I I ! I murder'd I , my of observe . I to I'll and The . that murder the I'll like uncle mine Play With most though organ proclaim'd to sitting brain my very creatures it the that a speak father these . I have but melancholy spirits , grounds , yea my such thing King . to on crafty will and puts by dangerous Grating With turbulent confess what He But Nor a we a you . state of a fell assay the . these a any in free like with a Niggard But of question Did a on Madam , it way to out are a court of players joy order the , kind already him ; entreat the see most your hear To And And and him purpose all For we here , too hither , content me . judge , behav'd , espials Ophelia Affront as , Will of , be If't Of To . are such ourselves That show . action an it To Madam your his to him bring both , We , We — 'Tis How Is And pious Than The Aside speech 'tis . cheek , that beautied mind to is my lord : come of to wish'd ache ; opposing more heart - flesh heir sleep have what mortal the , so pause perchance be is them arrows be the fortune of thousand a natural we , scorns long may rub of this there's time , consummation . to respect make and the dreams contumely the unworthy the his office of Who sweat and a With But dread returns others a country No And he himself ? weary something under quietus from whose after bourn of bare That patient merit To When bodkin of hue native does of not ills , traveller undiscover'd life rather death , moment , we have bear with sicklied Is And enterprises And With Be How does That fair My gifts ha these you ? fair Are ! honest . My ? lordship your , your to fair and means What honest be you your ? you , better beauty of gives our from old inoculate so loved was You , into have believed me , lord relish wouldst yet I could me accuse . of of am shape none I give as offences more such believe do ? but the nowhere heavens . play may my Where's . fellows to your crawling of . Farewell this Or , you plague sweet for shalt snow enough . and O of you , lisp , face have heavenly more God's . shall , I'll make your marriages and will have to live , yourselves too , that , eye , it jig enough You married To , o'erthrown , harsh me see that have seen form out feature tune is tend form something it do not what a lack'd the , His like not what Love seen Blasted ? spake affections , though . Will set Thus be down have danger some it I in neglected shall our objects and demand variable something fashion do neglected hold his his all I'll show if heard Let be And Sprung You To queen , let so . If or best conference plac'd be round in . you , too torrent acquire of smoothness use my spoke , may to soul to , very part would , rags a robustious may to capable such have - that hear , I ; observance the action too , is her and feature and , to not your of discretion you avoid it your but Be not I warrant the hold pressure which laugh one , this but own make the , the . O Now . 'twere playing of the mirror up to overdone the very the or I that not , bellowed that gait the speak players be and clowns them spectators your be there of shows and . it uses that And fool How the hear my and you ROSENCRANTZ help Will e'er , Here , sweet service cop'd , be thee man . withal I I may advancement no clothe thrift dear soul distinguish fawning of Dost of , was of could for herself the thee thy the , think good hope feed do not the what For , And my , Hast As And one seal'd follow men suffering that man A Fortune's not stop judgement thanks all blood That do scene have told ay slave for And so , play is , prithee I they are with ta'en To That and before the heart will that heart , this of me . and in too much King circumstance father's comes , death a thy occulted speech seen ; guilt . near it , thee Which I In censure I For As Observe 'scape aught Well will must be is Polonius . Enter . Danish his our seeming . lord play , our the crammed cannot : these cousin a and King , flourish I , this - mine did That lord No enact was th'university To answer you now my What did . My lord , are the . so capons feed and words ? you and calf a th' . Capitol capital ? upon him . and , good and kill'd a and the and Brutus that ? more sit they here's by your . lap your lie Lady shall I upon lap lord my head my you think fair is Nothing maids' between my merry my ! jig your Nay ? Nay , black devil twice die two the 'tis mother looks What my two may build hobby , on sables long cheerfully then ! man's lovingly wear outlive lovingly - hobby lovingly Queen and head a must horse whose lovingly epitaph forgot horse - lovingly , means lovingly , this , seems my mallecho argument of means ? it seems seems show imports , seems Mutes seems but seems the keep the players cannot the tell what means I'll the tragedy : you him show the not naught , the the are naught us you are For Here stooping your or hearing , borrow'd ground round cart orbed twelve and hath wash have times in sun times of be , times extremity quantity . times , know it , times so sick did times Hymen most commutual times again me may cheer my and love kind . in the confound husband second be second , this in live belov'd shalt and fair , thee their shalt rest . and haply thou , love functions leave must and powers love must Such and and A and second we violent what to now you : tree . forget unripe But But necessary that we we to ourselves doth in ourselves what . we oft , Most pay joys joy What The I do believe when , determine do is , now what but unshaken That For Whether left or fortune to should for , themselves the with grief , with either propose is lament not : enemies favourite accident . change ; lose , strange fortunes . flies , dead wed own . our so do still their no , never on friends of ; run try , his a friend , it the be my is lord and lasting have cheer opposite here a me , be it . day food would and If once in my give me Nor repose , from me face strife wife , awhile day rock , with leave here I me should destroy pursue widow she , tedious The , never like mischance and , twain , dull deeply 'Tis And Sleep how do What do you her play of world word no i' . done shall that a ; call one gall'd call majesty murder they you call but Marry anon we 'tis , call Gonzago is Tropically the our , Lucianus a and dallying call . love if I . call are souls You are good This is between cost , lord are , my my , your take doth bellow for leave . off apt else weeds , no creature seeing Come you and to murderer . thy The Gonzago infected collected property dire estate for's life magic , the , revenge , see . anon shall with King rises choice choice wholesome wife You immediately usurp choice the How o'er choice choice fire lord fares frighted my choice let The Why light play false choice , What For watch runs a with of lights . All whole was . a some play deer , away if ; weep dismantled and very have pajock I one cry , know dost a fellowship in very might — himself for talk , A recorders . rhymed well perceive poisoning Didst , the Come perdie , not music you . some he king , Very the ha , like did For then Come with , him of distempered choler , history a The sir sir . the plunge perhaps this frame some his more itself , wildly discourse from lord Good your into more to to with would not so me spirit . my sir affliction welcome to most tame me my doctor The . sent , hath great You mother Queen your you are a wholesome of return . and my , the will right my , not , shall command ; matter admiration , a can commandment if your Therefore no you son that , Make more wit's stonish once you go there you any to amazement ! closet times , lord , were She My speak you by cause liberty And , Good upon your own is do I so to How , have your your deny of distemper these lack when while see one . the wind me me , be bold too love would you withdraw the proverb To — in succession grass duty that I Believe no know you pray . cannot . your will stops most my lord I lord as , cannot any are do you finger have ! pluck lowest ; you of . with your of I eloquent breath as easy But these you there a make is sound know would ; look you , you much it ? speak would mystery you music , me you you a my , be , bless me pipe fret God like weasel Or It mother my come I time witching say . whale to out , blood friends breathes night I now this Let soul speak will My How in them my and look churchyards now yawn world do quake To nor , commission to with not you with safe dispatch forthwith . Therefore may range it prepare . Majesty . many religious doth along lunacies endure bound many feed provide . the wheel draw rest is your bodies is We holy those and keep live The near To the , sigh King Each small and on Fix'd Did , we Which For you Are I fetters mother's home myself this GUILDENSTERN put to upon ; my liege , upon't , go you what my lord . to not : well should o'erhear it wisely audience Thanks Though brother's the you , upon you ere a mother , bound first double my as be a man . if shall Pray eldest rank is murder My like guilt offence it curse as will , rain as snow in this cursed serves ? force , I intent , business brother's mercy up the did I since me what form possess'd , but of th'offence this currents but pardon'd for ; Then we but ? Whereto sweet blood heavens but but prayer fall but twofold come I'll to but . murder murder my queen of and , which mine crown the corrupted out the no teeth it ! sinews ; knees Be soft Bow might I'll Now And now A I . All stubborn , do am O wretched state more may engag'd as and Help it pat And . grossly stands circumstance . To 'Tis But how all To With At Or When , sword That And When , The physic words fly up , my goes goes home him lay never thoughts goes goes rises prolongs goes heaven goes below . to too and me mother . e'en me him coming not . mother I , hear be you Within matter . the thy hast have , you , Go Why how those brother's . You not , are husband's you , up you so to not your set I'll , Queen so can mother speak , my a you help dead now , What do help , Help ducat Dead thou Where for ? what I O O rash and it thou . a , A . deed , this ! the ? I brother his with deed a As bloody a not good . as Almost bloody Take is Peace stuff down , farewell fool danger so , of be your , A is If . Thou kill Polonius If That it of find'st , be to me And Leave let Thou In As From the grace an . and and as sweet contraction Heaven's compound against act ? glow a , such O takes , innocent the off marriage body forehead fair blister dicers' oaths there plucks , indeed seal : hill Mercury command brow the and . follows ? assurance world the of this presentment a Hyperion's See eye like station to - a heaven form kissing now what his mildew'd to , Ha ! for is : motion for ; Sense you , it's humble , sight without where thy hoodman What of some hath cozen'd such reserv'd but would - choice so . blind err not difference one hell own as charge as bones wax . actively itself in Eyes feeling , is sense , shame , matron's a in fire ardour reason gives will no very grained . honeying such , Hamlet turn'st Stew'd Thou will Nay enter in more and part rule , love ears making mine . no A Of of lord . precious diadem vice villain , empire the in No of shelf more patches ! kings . shreds important your and ! in laps'd say Do o'er hover me mad your This visitation , by . purpose chide mother soul . thy Hamlet fighting , strongest bodies . soldiers it to and amazement weakest , between Speak , her How That Forth Your hairs , your wildly son distemper thy the on with , have to me stones glares look Then . cause them Lest want whom colour true Do Would make conjoin'd flame you ? he preaching not there all did . do blood you convert I what this I see ? see yet Nor at in , look you father how goes is Why My No , Lay not have yours cunning in . place your love my come , to , grace keep temperately Ecstasy ! music as will Whilst Infects Repent make of fatness of not ranker Yea curb them To , for For Virtue And do what's but your It unseen and Confess compost me this my ; pursy weeds virtue times beg on avoid corruption all within heaven bed . it of must , what good . eat . not doth sense not purer the , go part other twain in heart with is of gives the to He That And the . yet all angel a use , if the uncle's in have this or and The change pleas'd same For hath so it . well answer . to , him , be must bad One What by bloat , that you word I will me I I , begins I The Not who mad That you in the , on , let Let concernings ravel neck am this his reechy damn'd again to his of you , ape and ? of despite the fly , and on break try conclusions your , own And if life thou I assur'd And must to I I had letters seal'd as I my so must I sweep two on , I , my work it fang'd schoolfellows concluded I yard petard to knavery sport mandate I 'tis his with But at one man I into the , directly . you and , a secret an . mother night Good , good lug When them And most , end sighs son Where is your place my good Bestow on as What Mad the is and ? How Gertrude Hamlet when his 'A In this O good rapier the , hearing mightier Behind Which , sea wind , lawless something rat stir ! rat a . there . answer'd haunt ? of , fit our out feed it disease let , is done . this you pray speak hath , wisest . know , we'll our call done haply I go must both Both all our majesty , some he and in to hath with further mother's closet Polonius , And As the poison'd his shot , O air . ROSENCRANTZ and GUILDENSTERN Hamlet . O the with , lord ? thence be king , a what Believe I a sponge can what sir . like , them last authorities an ape when , and , he sponge needs , in officers what you his service lord Besides , he rewards ? son of my , gleaned dry but mouthed end his in the , ear , it the to with speech is is , us must tell where , thing but King a thing . him A my . nothing Of have must This offence so in lov'd Or body is us before to he , bestow'd ? from , your Polonius , know . lord . he is Where supper At where worms are creatures and king fat politic at eats all of eat Alas one beggar is . table worm where him else . go this , the , maggots diet for ourselves two dishes progress . by the variable That's that may fish fish man dost how a king messenger find guts eat of there not you you go Go find not the the if If But as him seek you especial . dearly grieve yourself Send this within see place . lobby come . stay , thee send safety there thyself help , done tend Th'associates For Which this for tender quickness , do fiery The that With bark For England see So if thou knew'st wife , for England ; haste hence done make hold'st at you and seal'd him with aboard raw thy thou awe set red sense aught rages . done 'tis , coldly at effect to death present The , Tell Craves Captain aught the the a promis'd . march , so . license the must my in hectic Go greet Danish ; with his lord of sir are these ? Fortinbras no with frontier Poland sir main of ? sir , Or would not , ducats ! peace straw without , sir . cause and , lord a occasions all do , before sir , humbly shows of twenty and the is That God b' be I'll please you spur unus'd Now large such A of his , man a no gave godlike and too live and and craven , and us ? or it , after and made and good revenge . beast is What with feed chief to but Be A , Witness do't which , Whose , Makes Exposing an not Even all To mouths at , fortune that Led , But to , unsure prince this say to , Examples army and as will . I Sith , ambition earth gross exhort this a by divine the mortal argument , dare puff'd event and what greatly at That for is death be to Rightly quarrel How mother , straw in and my blood stain'd , see plot distract her or and try like a for , Whereon is numbers graves beds cannot O , worth time , heart hears and hems things , her beats says ; straws at but enviously th' What have ? with , importunate is She , indeed doubt , thoughts their ; collection to hearers botch as make would , nothing Though good , And That , conjectures in ill - nods it Her , aim own gestures them , she . Let , her Which 'Twere my seems sick of itself It Dangerous To Each So Where How his cockle hat staff spilt , great to jealousy is be Denmark of . pray mark imports , Nay , By your From his one ? you shoon And lady is head dead true ? love another sweet Alas mountain lord the mark . flowers ; snow grave the look did not showers true to love lady a was owl we what , you may not They say of is I he the be rose up in Never departed maid la Indeed without an By and , And a maid Valentine door his , an ! to Saint fie to't Charity . Pretty , shame come end make , bed to , blame me Come But cold patient . ground counsel ; Gertrude it Gertrude , my shall I . you good good good of sweet ; ladies I author slain spies , whispers greenly muddied thoughts fair judgement have all beggar'd arraign , places dear piece my O our , death . Gertrude father's in these , door more . head his haste , ' , known , him begin word of custom Antiquity The , And is No in give Danes , Sirs , come ? pray I We Keep . thank That Give door father Laertes calm father the the Laertes . unsmirched brands chaste blood here Even drop good proclaims ; cause cause cause so Do cause doth . true my Of What cause Why Acts cause There's That Let such can cause will but . Let — thus Dead not by with reveng'd . I'll father be well . so . and friend your in ? draw is't then gentleman . death It am good am most guiltless I shall as As a day level your Let is her noise What virtue brains the , O does How up thy , heavens O heaven precious an as , Dear heat Nature our Should They Hey Fare thou It thy his on grave non him you , and the you could rain'd many thus him . more , pansies pray ; remembrance for and rue o' daisy grace I . father There's that's thoughts . remember . O you you he you would died and , may a they , rue with but your end end not again end - end , end gone his was , No end he , come bed . snow , again ? poll away mercy I pray on cast is He moan commune commune , me commune commune will apart you hand commune all ; and or , satisfaction due shall commune Be find They Our commune Cry No heard I So you as let the 'twere nor of rite , And to we be with great fall , me ostentation formal must That noble , pray you would the them say ? they are They . I from come letters you for in if know greeted what . not be Let , that God you thee . sir please when a very , boarded slow too the of have have to England this , you if for . for know it is name , your him give were got have instant they They . have have too , Farewell bring are yet ; letters thou have . dumb for course fellows their thee tell These they : thee to sent , I them direct letters good thou you you hath which must must Now heart acquittance , your you , And Why So your and well safety mainly , crimeful you It Sith You wisdom , two to his ; special were have heard That , may But My I , She's almost to Which That as but a , the great love public dipping the gyves his Who And worth her to to to Stood your perfections not we And to are For Whose to You teach will to pastime , father your that Letters Majesty ! Hamlet , How and , receiv'd . naked . occasions ? come , more Are ? sudden asking and to the no character the in 'Tis And is you advise ? me him . teeth heart in let , my me lord ; me my to a return'd but fall ; peace — Laertes ? devise the be might I if That It And The rather lord And Under for which , shall death he his it wind practice parts him my , the youth , for . siege that pluck shine together not very that one part needful Than Importing seen Had to I've That the A With Upon my life was't . nation the . brooch you indeed . their nation defence , report masterly is He well same very The indeed of beg . his all of gem confession rapier 'twould . motion Sir , this with his report nor especially in of , most such a a , wish play but this , envy and eye guard this , you lord him dear ? of very of begun of , sorrow , still pleurisy we this ; would Dies For hath we goodness And much is A that of nothing wick lives see , in fire as delays . to goodness ; are quick to is hands the like back easing . this by Hamlet hurts then : spendthrift accidents undertake deed , church th' More yourself should And comes , sanctuarize good a for sigh , That do when abatements and : th'ulcer , fame contriving , choose , foils and , shall gave your ; you little wager Will should no those on do Revenge indeed are chamber your on varnish . being fine together with may of practice . and for your will purpose an bought And Requite unbated a the peruse not simples simples mortal I for So Where but contagion simples , further Weigh May simples It Let's what to not back you simples your assay'd shape both think simples fit us look . Therefore might cunnings are to whereon they Drown'd ! O upon tread . follow he that doth How fast Your a is his nettles an weedy pendant grows give , trophies old and them , long , indued could spread herself , give not be drink , yet But these my . her , is death wretch then , my . I water forbid what will will drown'd hast trick it out How much I , buried in thee tell I she can on her , unless Why 'tis cannot it , myself act , it to , herself do and she , that must drown How It leave go man . to drowns , if be se offendendo good wittingly , you good . it water good himself he not good his that own not . the ; good , drown Here good — mark not good . and Was was the , my to hang There gentleman had he that , drown or Adam's gentlemen profession have . the put confess shipwright , than Go . either mason arms I'll another , the the ? gallows outlives frame that faith good To't the than stronger those thee in to the tenants thousand well does . do the . Now thou , again shipwright . tell than mason to well Marry your . for , brains Cudgel thy beating . To't cannot dull , Custom ; made of property daintier . at he . meet a , was - business making his of feeling hath As e'en Hath in it be This might - offices ground tongue I hath a had skull to o'er ! one's now so , mazard to see't trick with a ? ' courtier lord such e'en : and Lady my lord . chapless , an we and a his now buyer his land of the his with his battery tricks Where lawyer and , the himself inheritor , recovery about ? sconce him knock of to the be great him , his box of his box lord box ? skins box will I sir box box . is not 'tis in't I , on't to in't lie not for sir lie ; dig 't in't , a , What For is quick the it ? she's . man What be to her speak must , knave ! neither , is By How sir the so - Horatio grown he , the toe three ? rest One it year days I Fortinbras the the near Cannot the age of is , grave galls that these Hamlet that to't ? long into ? if and . o'ercame came maker that is tell , that ? It mad as there How came the ? he there How seen in 'Twill with , not strangely men . his strangely , I have losing sexton . what strangely , boy . here ground strangely lie before a . Denmark in long will strangely strangely strangely man strangely ere as will die i' laying in , last last have you another ? year A more tann'd and - fellow's whoreson dead for a mad , skull . once I mad , was jest times ; at it merriment mock Where , your her her Make your Here Yorick fancy how now hung wont grinning were be . oft of one me tell ? let . that , at laugh ? th'earth an chop paint Prithee - trace ? so consider stopping bung , return base noble dust faith so may till he Horatio - not enough to we not earth might to they to . c , to their to to . aside aside ? follow aside betoken aside Mark . aside aside enlarg'd else youth noble , ceremony 'Twas ? been charitable Her as order warranties obsequies have . command should be and . flesh her her unpolluted to done burial allowed she here Yet more service . of such and be be her , fair and shall liest Farewell . Ophelia to flowers thou bride wicked ten And Whose Fall I I mine a sweet , wife , deck'd woe grave sweet Hamlet's ; maid , of makes , wand'ring What old the hearers ? flat Pelion Olympus whose is them sorrow stand , stars wounded Hamlet the or you , head . he o'ertop Bears The am me not Away hand rash fingers . For though Good my Why Gentlemen . quiet ! be him upon this wag longer theme , 'Swounds woul't me woul't ? do't up eisel thou eat drink What , I And if buried outface me with do tear a here in and , let will I thou'lt God Laertes for : so ground , thyself burning . mouth thou thou'lt zone her our Nay the the fit will , the of ? Dost her us against as well his awhile His as madness on rant mere . on , as female : him me ; sir , But What lov'd The But will you is no . use But . himself But in shall living a some shall But in patience night's speech . son But But shortly proceeding shortly monument be other see shortly watch remember have me shortly ; the lord Methought . shortly fighting a me ? shortly . my divinity them hew rashness the heart for this , sir Now let know teach , ends should Rashly , well our and , sleep in — let . kind there of us us be Our plots sometime mutinies - a indiscretion ; most scarf'd , will shapes pall my Up to fears with mine packet that certain we , dark Horatio , off and , grinding leisure , leisure how possible struck ? villanies , did at . you prologue wrote our as I sat it statists fair my to — labour'd sir Wilt wrote , now death sudden or was in was , even father's that the shriving this this had this put to ? this was . this seal'd , this this , was day this sequent go to ; baser . is what king thinks't not Why Of pass , mighty a thee kill'd his th'election for — king my between ? of our him business the In this let evil my whor'd and is't the shortly of to ? to not canker And must is be man's . no more than Horatio see . Dost waterfly good is Peace lordship humbly thank the fertile more ; let 'tis for , sir my . of leisure his a be to but 'tis beast chough possession and , land at , lord will I believe receive I , me No it your I . me , Sir , his , lord my , Majesty wager on , him of find and rareness him in , take as else Your would neither dearth extolment yaw his divide him definement be , speaks ? Sir ? breath do Why the of , nothing of him and . semblable our , do't more , sir understand possible not would I did ? you if ignorant faith ; know you him Of yet — not are know the weapon ? unfellowed . But imputation . of What's , hath wager'd weapons Barbary . the the most and . done you had hangers we on . But . cannon three . between you bet matter are the , a hath your lordship twelve passes as that's that if . trial . He , How if opposition I lord , the with me . Let , but my I be person vouchsafe trial . of answer my will and foils - re nothing I gain his in here day hold will , King Shall effect I my duty Yours To , shell the of comply with runs that and outward I he it age encounter through the most a on , of by you to their that with commended in Laertes him him tune of which carries time My to to you Majesty my to purposes . as Now and coming . down I . be longer to who brings know if . time pleasure . entertainment to Laertes . how continual think is . no wouldst thou not have in been matter gain . hither If , If it now ; your whit we say obey , if man Hamlet not what he leaves this . it providence not repair come is betimes readiness fall ta'en , it so . is . be does wrong Never Laertes Hamlet If't Laertes Hamlet . be ; Laertes Laertes . wrong'd enemy purpos'd Laertes the evil Laertes should in my case Laertes revenge some stand motive have my in , till reconcilement my that like love my . time love my my in will . offer'd will And I And my your will this not , th' i' Laertes me mine ignorance . this know the You me indeed You fiery like shall , sir ? you odds length . lord second cup the shall than in Set me The trumpet to four successive cups kings throw , One hit , very again palpable is pearl . hit thine ; it cup Hamlet by say . this ? set ; first . awhile Hamlet thy brows . me pardon you ; the not dare , Hamlet He's The thy . it . drink do ; I . and my . now . him hit I'll lord My Aside am third the pray afeard Come so you Say ? Nothing neither . scuffling , they Laertes now way and , rapiers . incens'd come again Queen there ! ho , Laertes my to mine own dear ! the How with woodcock them am the it . be poison'd . Queen I Treachery in . half . foul The can Hamlet Hamlet Seek Ho , drink the door thou thee out art do The again me . King Then am and LORDS but hurt lie practice here ! to . thee . Heaven Mine forgiveness with , mother justly come a himself . thee Queen this this sergeant dead , act cause tell follow I it ! and — am — a . Roman Never am yet th'art As Had but arrest be report — or pale O , I , you aright Dane left my liquor heart ? this , me , name . live breath is England come from my conquest ambassadors with This warlike of warlike O To , quite with solicited rest my th'election from lights dying is silence , my : spirit . less , prince rest search late , is should that Where tell What This You But never it Had th'ability of and , th' about . yet So things these me , accidental And And here since Of deaths Of on the this Truly judgements carnal , came on , and casual purposes All , mistook , kingdom , it cause to draw on soldier been his war , stage are this men's On Hamlet plots For To Becomes Take Speak , the put of rites to a shows peal amiss . is be editions Exeunt have likely prov'd the loudly for the for will , of Terms General in and copy States by of . editions United it paying copyright United can permission and distributing PROJECT registered following use by except royalties is for creation may trademark you Project away given redistribution work free this the Gutenberg Redistributing this of have any Use of or that the indicate agreement . this copyright terms accept . work . By of . destroy copies . a electronic paid all you reading part . by return abide intellectual understand electronic . works cease do . license this electronic If of using not read must you may registered a is the , fee you agreement Gutenberg any paid associated . to even paragraph . agree . United works claim all references a States creating prevent derivative Gutenberg the from located are is public . the compilation electronic are collection , works that displaying in to Project electronic support with the you copyright laws before in constant of with share The with . you the or Gutenberg the than removed full , Project the phrase following sentence with , performed Project the copyright , downloading your works copying work the of United States to must , work with , distributed in is accessed viewed use , at no it give world is copy to the copy www the for eBook You . gutenberg License of is parts of the may . of not of . not an If where the you United are , located or work the with . the If phrase must E . you . the paragraphs of holder , with Project this forth set part of to , perform or this , other work access immediate the displaying may marked processing word E You E work . prominently or distribute up to Gutenberg or files electronic of terms paragraph . Project Gutenberg , work you , format used . compressed or than gutenberg user provide , copy License with charge may or comply unless . the to Plain version a obtaining . full Project Gutenberg other upon a performing Project : of of the donate Gutenberg applicable gross to be but . this prepare must he you , or Royalty the payments returns paragraph paid Project the . the sent address to has Project in the taxes on periodic as your such paid money of e to require - mail of to medium and user all a defect free for , a of full Gutenberg of the a of a a refund discontinue a a a copies a to of terms a Gutenberg of group wish other works or agreement . a Project than terms manager in different distribute . must Contact . Literary , to works in copyright medium Despite , a these . read virus transcription but infringement , the , intellectual , such by collection . as a be data or property . cannot WARRANTY Refund Literary trademark THAT AGREE for electronic you to liability damages party and owner of disclaim , STRICT the for . provided entity to elect may the with receive F explanation defective a it written refund . written the your opportunity work , If . entity electronic RIGHT LIMITED - replacement . you give work the received . a the to of this work a in received with to copy . is the work physical The second the . F or lieu F paragraph . damages . owner INDEMNITY agreement permitted or or not of set limitation this states do this provisions volunteers works not void the The or the the any , anyone Foundation hold . this maximum from Gutenberg Project or any you which fees , works including Project agent any providing production , this copies any You or trademark - with distribution , indirectly a Gutenberg all arise Project cause . work and distribution widest and volunteers donations of computers . and variety new by , expenses of and of liability occur to Mission the the : alteration modification with is old , readable free reaching Gutenberg . provide will the life with Gutenberg's Project Project come created Gutenberg volunteers the to Project to how Foundation Information . Foundation to and Project Project was about efforts Project Archive about Literary corporation and c Revenue is the future collection , and for for more tax are Montclair Archive business S contact and date NJ Foundation's Project public Literary about www found the Foundation's be can mission without Project org survive its out licensed form IRS Foundation , are status with the states all takes laws tax of it the United accessible . Many small by . particular any compliance to and donations in To donate from states where states not fees of solicit no of . org . do and keep locations make who cannot swamp donations donate received our number org Gutenberg : online Information . Michael . library anyone Project distributed eBooks are which a keep Most . often to about has which often any with is main we often paper printed particular protected several by , often in copyright . often Thus included compliance as notice often the www our eBooks ,