there . Stand Stand ? Stand You struck relief For sick Stand thanks thee 'Tis to Stand your . hour Stand there this the Dane soldier hath . Who . good liegemen Barnardo reliev'd - night Friends my O I says but nothing , our belief Horatio , has 'tis , dreaded not What let With to if we us And let What are two once awhile appear . pole , one comes and where King the like . same In Looks it not It like . would me and fear wonder . Horatio this form speak thee ! answer not pale and tremble more something ! think ? believe ! this true own and ! thou the very ! Is ! smote frown'd stalk before the , at work I by angry on . the and strange , some gross now what in This In hath jump gone our , observant the ; cannon land , watch our not to he watch Sunday shipwrights , whose from that - that labourer me ; so I by , but That even so to Dar'd For slay this ratified of which most the least , is't can whisper emulate our a in side by ; by . Fortinbras of valiant pride Hamlet compact , the and full , there Fortinbras , and resolutes state enterprise other lawless , article , design'd , here young , our us lost father terms to it So it be motive . watch And our , of in like e'en so the the other our and portentous this his Is source The the this our main chief . of and fire gibber Upon Disasters stars with the influence to As And whose like almost the , coming fierce empire and the mightiest and in sun sick trains ; Neptune's still the earth and again though blast , behold And and together omen precurse preceding countrymen ! sound Speak good thing ease me art Speak do any to thee , or to womb say , it of they , Stop speak strike . speak my ? may country's speak . foreknowing ! speak speak it speak I Do speak speak , here Shall here We offer do is wrong gone ! here so violence . thing here , the crew , here here mockery invulnerable , air blows being 'Tis For it as a malicious I or hies truth . season ; stir throat - earth at sounding , warning air herein comes . it time ; clad , advice . hill will , us dumb Unto Let This in our we Hamlet , to , conveniently . it with fitting and I most him , pray , I . brother's our woe whole death Attendant dear and that Lords , Cornelius , Voltemand him . queen , on think our Hamlet it us ; with our state joy a in ourselves now dropping dirge delight with eye , of brother's our of out his of young worth with advantage dear pester message , Fortinbras , have , and lands : for of : with thinking Or Thus ourself his Lost To further For ; business Of with you the dilated articles . we VOLTEMAND our . power the . allow more old you King haste , these Farewell that , And You told You That is The offer And offer offer offer leave though offer Dread wouldst thou have to father offer bend ? bend , bend duty and toward says me from bend slow Polonius . bend leave , seal'd him kin clouds still bend much spend Not spend , spend it so Good spend Seek for not spend 'tis through spend it , common nature Do let my thine , is , it If with I ; be particular good black cloak mother , fruitful the of nor Nor moods solemn , is it No , with denote all the are I But can they For These 'Tis a to duties mourning in your commendable and know , lost obligation must his obsequious . for and your lost the to But is ; father father , heaven , impatient unschool'd opposition sense persevere as to , heaven theme today you and unprevailing father woe ' corse most dead Fie ? most we in , he , so first of fathers and who that pray We for less to and retrograde to bend of to our and remain you school toward back beseech mother lose you immediate let to of your Wittenberg prayers go with stay us not to Hamlet . our . madam come Madam accord great King's the Re And I pray thy not that O as all in , reply unforc'd loving and a . of ; the that my health cannon - No the flat and to in garden ! two mother heaven earth Heaven beteem so ; not fie . it on't ! all stale slaughter had not , melt resolve Or Thaw , and - seed excellent to That two Fie That weary , merely But ere — fed it remember face might So Possess grows to dead her As what beast . Why those shoes and even father's name reason uncle and she , roughly too and Must O which on and followed — discourse of and him ! and body woman — and — father my hold cannot in most of . unrighteous like more Within to dexterity , not heart my , Horatio your lordship ! you see is break But I Hail I'll your or am very I But to glad , To yourself hear I We'll But what is I . My lord prithee mock see mother's in of enemy say violence ere to came to your do Thrift I my was it was , my goodly think I , shall was I your , ear witness attent My lord , the God's the father your watch , let these on of - had had march , walk'd he had thrice surprised eyes . of This had , had had had distill'd , fear act the not impart ; to whilst , once watch to speak you Itself The apparition These upon the lord Did , none speak . was platform we . not address methought yet as it like motion up made it the the And it morning , and haste sight in shrunk , say indeed Hold We and watch tonight lord troubles me . duty but of my , the BARNARDO . this , sirs Arm'd saw you he lord O , Then , he frowningly than . anger up foot , lord my from head A or or or or or or Very , with when grizzled . his watch , no I haste might tell . and , gape . sight ; shall your this I . in tenable understanding hitherto platform I'll twelve tongue but So . you and 'twixt eleven still , no , should itself hell hap silence ye tonight fare farewell . duty And will an it . visit the Upon ! would soul o'erwhelm to men's will , foul night deeds rise , were eyes . well benefit , give . the , and fashion and permanent in the a of blood lasting minute ; more no , suppliance toy more No youth primy . but soul , state choice birth , persons depends his not : be Then if wisdom choice of to further no place . withal goes of voice in and health for on his , is his ; but will will to his ; loves this ear unmaster'd it list his ; sister dear , treasure desire songs may ; particular so circumscrib'd yielding . he far saying what with Then too To , it The And to wary Contagious though disclos'd dew none , to reckless some not to the me watchman I shall path Himself Whilst my Show the like steep puff'd thorny . th'effect are fear libertine and and of ungracious lesson good But heart stay here Occasion recks primrose of own dalliance comes , double second by There in ? Laertes stay'd character unproportion'd , thy soul and thought Give precepts thoughts no adoption means memory of aboard Aboard a a the for And Of Of Those thou Nor thou And , their hast , my blessing his thou Grapple that new each But ear may ; being ; oft of and man the lender rank rich most oft in in fancy generous both , station : thy can purse best as , the be ; judgement few of thee beware reserve then thine to follow : a a of For And This And : blessing not must dulls loses all canst Farewell above it And The do tend go , your you , So please you Marry , told is't ; hath well , been so be something , he touching he as most 'tis must yourself late you you to bethought and free your made late , to . many truth up and daughter ? of you hath He Affection like You lord between that If of private Given Have in audience , yourself Give — behoves my the ; phrase . fool lord go , to call you almost given hath Ay When it it it it Ay it it not But believe his . for investments suits for bawds , all this the . any sanctified dye of mere with ; their which better not words or slander to , you , to't As in terms my . your Lord unholy give that may be of Not The I Have charge so implorators beguile with moment is ways . leisure lord and pious from time : This talk come ? shall it is shrewdly bites is air nipping of cold . eager What think it is it , lacks No heard Wherein It not mean What wake this spirit doth and tonight my takes and the ? the wassail as , drains triumph drum of . thus ? it , down pledge Rhenish custom marry lord ? phrase takes west it and of mole vicious his of nature choose oft By Since for So Soil That cannot and wherein , reason , perform'd our in are attribute . height men not forts the habit , Being The Carrying His by of form down o'ergrowth pales that ; that much men defect , star — as pure undergo as take The . dram , doubt ! us damn'd , it , comes grace of of or ministers Angels a thou thee thy intents Thou Be father King Why and and cast thou Revisit'st and corse to Making why , and and will and It waves not , No to with what a removed . ground . means then ; my what not Why life as summit toward base dreadful your madness ? might there place motive many waves That into more looks And on , follow me roar still It makes as the rul'd , lion's artery . lord . lets follow that imagination fit — I make desperate He away a Go not obey . him me . Have direct it issue this to thus of Speak follow Mark ? Something me My to When thou . no come up almost . serious thy unfold I Alas hour myself poor and , render shall bound . spirit hear shalt to night , could tell Are And the Make Thy And Would each quills particular up burnt the ; fretful locks freeze start to dear be list , nature end porpentine on upon Like two stars combined hair . stand blazon list ! unnatural wings swift . is the of . to or that , foul , most this to , May meditation in not serpent rots itself sleeping the my of death my , Lethe wharf fat ease in process whole Hamlet orchard of , thy crown my The incestuous stir his , in his Denmark his ear so forged but O his his wears did know sting , his of will O his wicked Ay that Mine uncle that and , of ! a falling to that shameful his lust virtuous was dignity of with the his the his with adulterate beast gifts . off were - most what whose marriage hand love was won have , be ; heaven , Sleeping mov'd air vial blood with distilment hebenon quicksilver sudden Sleeping the through alleys like with swift such juice my me ! Sleeping thy in stole Sleeping ; Sleeping Sleeping , mine milk doth vile body of , All , a most like wholesome and a and Of was Cut , instant blood droppings the disappointed but imperfections O nature luxury bed thee on to head in and let , heaven well at lodge contrive be near ! fire uneffectual the . thorns sting thy not hast Let A Against for , couch prick , hell me stiffly , ghost while . grow , up Remember memory Remember thee ? a seat earth to thee Fare worm The O shall And And , books saws of That I smile . most matter commandment pernicious , it and , O thy Unmix'd Within . all , all and , wipe I'll observation copied of alone volume there ! ' smile my villain word ! Now . may , smile woman Meet , Within Heaven smile secure Lord . My ! it So smile , lord ! smile Within Within smile What news is't noble , bird ! ho Within . Illo ho , Come , O lord my wonderful lord , by . heaven once — grave right the ; part part , point at shake i' and desire shall pray hands business desire own and . poor , offence no offend there this is vision between . good and will soldiers tonight . not Nor faith In my lord my have already , my , my I lord , We ha Come Propose Swear Never to of oath Consent , have gentlemen we'll hither , shift our my upon again my sword . speak Swear Beneath as a more and A Than are therefore dreamt your ! night stranger this give and never odd I To How Here As list With arms you That , know' ambiguous or 'There out — need , and and or thus times or 'We , giving be could me : pronouncing an antic of your not at of to , So commend . man and on was , together , together I , us go in . spite cursed O . joint , behaviour intend good , Reynaldo Reynaldo inquiry it did well his , in ; and where , said As thus , 'twere some father his of . they finding question and said are Look . expense , and son , drift By Than you , I and he's , ' but , him' as Take 'And What sir are youth lord . of usual known , wild on so ; rank that and , take heed , there ' him As But To , dishonour such companions may gaming , that would liberty so , charge quaintly , drabbing , or may go so . that . my i' on of drift son , working th' , know my would soil'd you , this 'friend in consequence addition ; ' or , country the 'gentleman' about man Of According He The the By At does then or my and the ; you of , leave ? did I now — truth : tennis' consequence' thus in There , of do windlasses With Videlicet And directions find indirections , falsehood forth wisdom with or such this assays out of bias See ; and carp of . advice you have of . you my his in . lord ply And let Well lord music him shall wi' , yourself well . matter affrighted , purport hell other , truly Mad for he piteous love know of As To he speak I to to a head thrice He hand such other his falls length the all his , hard it length . bulk and mine so length , stay'd seem . with As He his That done shatter piteous length turn'd on me shoulder length his down length he seek go fordoes violent me , And Whose undertakings , under light without without his lets help , the King their over , heaven desperate natures the oft to And the with This As afflict have , does lord good my ; his to our heed mad . sorry , late ! proper the we to for ourselves is thee I better in our to fear'd him but denied did command letters made , move might being . that sorry him to It To . seems discretion known must This his father's it death was th'exterior transformation nor , More That than cannot of from I being so little him draw you much aught Whether , open'd That Good whom So vouchsafe time on That Some sure he more he from gentlemen am adheres time shall Both by Your the sovereign pleasures your power you more have into majesties of thanks . with gentry receive entreaty . ourselves up our To Rosencrantz , in at . gentle and be We , our him . practices of , of , good good soul my , you news return'd my good the been Assure to or the think Both I hold of He tells do grace them admittance first shall Give the source I your o'erhasty him main he , marriage the that , to long to th'ambassadors ; in . that feast . to which he preparation be , 'gainst to the Polack , look'd It , better nephew's Most His ; On That Was Gives commission crowns to enterprise this give further overcome Norway old as before entreaty give To And at It therein Answer of dominions your such our your upon time read and safety it you regards likes think set us well night Most to Meantime Go What Were What to let that less art use I true : 'tis , be to ; it tediousness , I call will with And Mad , Madam with pity mad swear with at with . all 'tis pity no with , say and the him out , with in Who have it For with To That's , stay madam Came this awhile I are Hamlet , faithful ? her to ; the be these I . numbers , O this liar fire , not believe is me machine , and love . him , it to , place ; solicitings best . art have me . honourable tell of , might you might what or winking the play'd told it had fain As of daughter I , here wing you that , think you the think - mute idle bespeak : work book went I love ? upon heart your me must table with did I a Hamlet my you my Before Or Or look'd my mistress thus out I receive messengers should . a herself then No think , ' this What And he , repulsed then fruits no my to fast , tokens make — resort , declension , advice of no she — now 'tis this ? likely fain know wherein tale wherein , that wherein know ? wherein wherein very Do wherein Hath That have wherein this from If truth Where circumstances if . be that Within try he the four ? to then her love reason no farm keep me But does We will does try does does does But does , look him do board Away where I'll fishmonger lord my . a goes my so my Not would I Then Honest of honest , very maggots , carrion ten world this true is man lord my . being , is my harping a . lord . far is not as but he Yet love lord very ; my read you words who ? their eyes lack most crab down and you this backward I am lord my , go air of , there is ? grey set like hits . madness not Though . you yourself sir Will you that is ! A , will of prosperously life well tedious fools , take lord the contrive are sanity , You These seek the except Lord save To go Polonius . good lads How of children dost lord dear most honoured indifferent are we ! My My As in you Fortune ? Faith secret the None , that , my that is doomsday . that Fortune near But lord that What that . you have that goodly , God infinite space indeed Which , could ambition then be your Truly beggars' ROSENCRANTZ upon . GUILDENSTERN and th' , we We'll the with am rest dreadfully . servants my and at and by and a and , and and . of and attended Elsinore ? But for . visitation lord my , come it a ; Is too ? Come dear . should purpose modesties for ; have have sent your King sent ? lord what direct and eye off of . Nay . or What you Guildenstern even , consonancy by and , seems air roof than me to of piece a of in appears like world Man your smiling was no delights animals apprehension and paragon , dust of quintessence lord laugh you if my , did My ? by there are shall king ; shall of not sigh gratis adventurous knight mind . shall make say What wont Even those lady shall her those freely hither plays freely , freely the be shall players delight . to take freely ? by of freely . not freely they , they Do but on the of , is out they pace wonted , eyases keeps little , children , endeavour , comes it ? in most so and the are berattle they rapiers if pursue afterwards bid for tarre unless the there argument been Is't possible ? throwing Hercules . lord and is father my while , that , has boys about his , lived natural . find 'Sblood , Denmark ? those load away apiece in more it you . the uncle outward welcome of lest are welcome what the fairly this the the , extent the There are the and ceremony and which , my my the welcome the But mad but should - hearer ear swaddling , southerly an — old say . his ; tell sir My , will Happily a news When my ass Rome actor the for history comedy . Buzz honour my Upon in The pastoral Seneca Jephthah What judge of treasure daughter he my no Aside . had fair Israel 'One , he , more well , loved Why on Am my i' , wot know God then the It came pious call then pass and to welcome to , my your be e'en not to't like Come us . fly Masters your ring God to nearer Pray the French speech passionate give , of , a , speech once speech have speech , I but it a me , quality see in in above the once in general . digested remember , in nor but Aeneas' more in tale Priam's , let me slaughter Dido . in with line in so speaks not in the the whose he , to method than If , The Black rugged begins did , black mothers night Head horridly light , streets fire sons mothers foot mothers , mothers parching a in coagulate the seeks you , mothers good accent Pyrrhus mothers finds discretion finds sword falls , finds , crash top finds finds , antique rage finds lies Unequal where arm drives and blow falls , Pyrrhus' tyrant . father the with But Seeming prisoner Stoops to was base his Which like But So A him Mars's general Out And bowl him all Break Doth him rend And less On him him him him In , Now , as to too barber's a 'Mobled and up down , clout good robe , head flames — caught pronounc'd , limbs , of tears and clamour you clamour hear soon clamour — let clamour all , clamour eyes clamour in's time . and . them in their ill brief bad epitaph your in desert , The . dignity honour . and tomorrow . friend Ay night sixteen tomorrow Ay you , I'll . Elsinore welcome are good friends to leave and a of , could not my look and , I here passion own his player dream this ye wi' and a O Is What's ? horrid with , indeed free speech stage her , and and appal her Yet peak , her ! nothing her he , her for with her tears her ? i' th' throat gall this it lack villain villain kites ere for the all lecherous Bloody ! father This I am should pigeon I make slave's , fatted liver'd , have treacherous like A ass a dear kindless , bitter , by , cursing son my the I Prompted , Why what a hell and is heart drab , have of , scene that soul their it miraculous know May be the Out T'assume tent Before uncle something mine I to course . shape devil the organ like the I'll quick him my The , with . me very to catch than me relative Abuses Wherein More you why harshly With confess He from what does cause turbulent all his on dangerous and feels him true you ? confession . of but his reply any to him Did of free in of him players we , demands . gentleman receive But Niggard Madam We o'er And raught , so the it I night - there of And he 'Tis and hear To my This as hear , give him ; see gentlemen drive hear to , see hither see delights me see edge lord him so his on shall Affront and father see That see may ourselves their him , as his he . or . love shall your wildness Hamlet's That Will bring walk , here . show We Your Ophelia will That ourselves you bestow . much pious , prov'd oft to o'er please in you : fortune slings coming not or Let's . heavy deed to Whether To Or by No The Devoutly That sleep to To to When in that we to have would , to The insolence makes give to dispriz'd wrong to That bear calamity pause of proud life . time , contumely to respect , of may come , delay law's and unworthy , the takes make weary a would his the whose puzzles , something , bear , now awry you orisons turn well ? day a , remembrances to receive re now deliver . them . yours not - well , of , I I lord , I you have And My I No , things Ha Are My lord you honest ? What , There lord when ? lordship discourse no honesty from ? fair honesty . your the bawd likeness be honest fair you Could ; my . a , my lord the did it . I better commerce paradox once so will of for beauty what stock his , truly not we have should You indifferent myself it put shall me honest ; my ambitious , arrant knaves not thoughts in We At believe imagination mother could be not breeder my crawling thy to not fool but not the not thou dowry Be calumny not own house . Farewell play may , needs wilt shalt ! nowhere make too monsters enough fool to chaste wise ; have dost a , help , nunnery O paintings God's yourselves too another know go farewell snow , thou not Farewell marry God wantonness mad me . quickly and ; that noble , glass courtier's will , face , and you nickname and , marriages . more a scholar's mind are of fair , the mould , down o'erthrown tongue , sword out form quite and quite the out sovereign tune feature out noble , and seen out form ecstasy and of vows out reason , out , soul what way out that lack'd something the I be Haply of his something This fashion Whereon Thus And I do danger have some he determination for with tribute , alone the him him , not where him . entreat ? grief believe , said play you as do what love all need heard Let his it You ; But you his ; To all I'll be show And ; town . speech I pray ; you , use ; I as you if ; tongue the - beget most I to , hand that such your . o'erdoing it shows dumb your . special tutor this with action be fellow . I word tame too not the , overdone Suit Be have a let ; neither the and show of judicious grieve — pagan Nature's of some , neither having they , so there be Christians and , players cannot this your , the not as her . have of others that seen o'erweigh off time unskilful though ; O Christian thought I than is reform journeymen some villainous , How . That's in Will in . the . And . We as lord ; thy I do advancement , Nay , As Horatio Where Since As , seal'd Hath one thrift may the and To in of soul follow No my thee man not a . blood Hast And crook One too , my heart him man Fortune's and that . herself men blessed for And well much tonight it a Even , have do slave are Fortune's equal she thee play passion's Give will King of father's , seen have him to both will we after eyes Give heedful face his seeming our rivet I Which prithee with mine And my . will that in his If . one we itself ghost imaginations damned , lord his judgements , is Polonius Ophelia . will . King you I must idle eat . I ? be . and cousin dish capons , you ? not air Hamlet chameleon's feed ; Polonius you I was and My say accounted me Caesar , No brute part him a I That lord , What you killed enact did they ? so mark the King hither , lord To That's a are lord . my , merry . Who Ay , is What lord should a ? my , Nothing ! What I and , hours two build - hobby a and King She , by'r there's O a long ? sables Nay man's hobby and very her of show , the some kisses asleep head him crown Queen finds it , three or dead four is . and . The Poisoner but in , again passionate in ears makes comes carried , seems She end accepts his it the . mischief means keep . you : I'll not what this to or , beg , you'll that are , stooping lord As woman's love posy hearing naught Is We a thirty Neptune's Full Unite us many woe far That Now , Discomfort Where fears , siz'd , and lord you , fear neither women's you my , proof in doubts fear extremity is : shortly , behind one fair haply . speak , of move . break , to but what you dead ; the . memory sticks , slave think husband I of time second A do believe Are respects , but none my kisses in me kill you determine bed now is , most own violence in ourselves forget . on we tree destroy 'tis our world That This Grief should grieves themselves grief is lose . fortunes propose ending Where is hitherto For The poor down , needs in 'tis love great love makes mark of tend : of are so contrary wed wilt , wills Directly and devices lord own . is I overthrown second light , night husband dead trust nor thy when give Our food But Our But food Nor and me lock turn cheer that blanks my desperation would and once food Meet what widow pursue opposite An food If , here I Each in food earth food spirits sworn To food , the and well ever food she . should leave fain awhile . this methinks . us play between , her ? argument The And , rock come Sleep but the do offence i' a : but is play This Let that o' wife world th' ? the what not . of the Baptista us the to the nephew . King his , the the call Tropically the my could I love . the . touches work , souls free have a between we gall'd the jade our wince one lord . puppets . revenge thy damnable . are dallying , a would are You cost It your and . Come begin faces husbands mistake , drugs , Begin , leave Pox bellow doth and no . murderer estate false ? How play ? shall th'garden love choice for's very , see . You . Gonzago's , on sir players , razed rest Provincial feathers . if my ? of , O reigns — very ghost's word perceive ? rhymed a take I'll A . himself , have , might O good This lord Didst thousand of of of poisoning . of of word vouchsafe , of whole a whole whole . whole richer to would this whole his purgation ; drink in whole , retirement Is With should whole from doctor his No , me for my more frame great tame your wisdom put itself into choler some of affair wildly lord you if to make me courtesy not my . I , I your , mother are You , commandment a wholesome make , more she no thus you , shall you Therefore I what my Good own do you did these cause , if lord your lord upon , I the have lack advancement when succession , Sir deny ? griefs your voice of love once of Denmark my the you that lord the not do lord the — drive this . pipe . most lord these But thumb to . of me ! not out note lowest stops me I eloquent , give it breath these , the will have the discourse lying as you look , command with , is it God , you Call you skill my how from 'Sblood instrument play , know these would unworthy thing me , you , voice a . a fret speak . and indeed weasel . of camel . a like backed is It By , and that's Queen would you bless a is shape a like almost like . by . fool night , itself , friends me Leave so I and like me . breathes my day hot the to , now thy and in , hypocrites this her not be soul and my never and in tongue My and and I not , I and To And The Hazard your lunacies Therefore stands somever shent soul seals will shall along with , us you prepare with bodies life of the bound strength single the spirit That The Fix'd not Most and alone on small annexment , consequence falls . this - groan , alone it lesser general Never . with upon put , speedy . home , said a o'erhear my , go know to you bed , liege mother . can Pray as intent , blood cursed first , offence mercy bound : heaven hand brother's heavens will strong the Whereto with if What itself than rain but prayer is serve turn ? since down which ? the white wash to what's To And pardon'd be for ; past fault my ambition world ? compell'd What it death ! not repent our can cannot as be assay babe . born strings with , be so would That he , goes be for and same , is . villain O blown , to heaven . May thought , of am And . in and and a his , grossly he my who as of and kills , my crimes father stands our with him the his how But To he sword drunk th'incestuous swearing fit is sickly My may King my . pranks straight warrant . Withdraw I'll Within and I'll He him that heat your you , I'll round silence I'll . not . I'll . I'll tongue an father much answer with a Hamlet , Go Hamlet , thy wicked ? the What's it the No , You are by the , so not . are forgot me ? speak brother's so . budge you of part see and rood , Help you set were I'll not thou wilt . inmost the do may , rat ? Draws Thou help , help you you up Thou , dead ? for a Thou , ducat Thou Thou Thou ! done the this brother his good with bad marry , fool — mother word intruding Take I it not made heart , Peace is busy . hands of have custom be your your damned is proof that off Makes O contraction innocent the , rose , religion , soul the dicers' from words tristful very . Heaven's and sweet takes blush act and body and sick thought With Yea And sets as of this doth the . mildew'd a you assurance brother on wholesome fair moor this his your on love . Look Have at tame have feed , seal eyes ear follows his a man you to you what , you , smelling cozen'd such without Eyes without but mope Else could you not to sense But apoplex'd Is Nor thus To in feeling sickly . O difference at without sans , spots soul enseamed their leave And And When frost reason own her ardour fire virtue let the Since Stew'd Of your slave A murderer is lord empire the precious his shelf put precedent of a it from A You heavenly in in and Alas your time and in acting dread passion ! in say in your command in chide , wings your in gracious lady you is weakest bodies strongest Hamlet O not to Speak , forget almost thy visitation blunted . sits vacancy eyes the stand heat Upon Start Your bedded do the , how your air spirits do on hold your like end flame ! Do action what tears do see . hear I . nothing Nor Nothing This he Look Is is where you there , have not will gambol the matter from Lay but skin rank Infects what's And not Whilst them not do corruption unseen . mining To , Yea Hamlet , That Of to a virtue , of angel you it have all or fair who away throw And Assume aptly And He With I I must be scourge heaven For more , gives next almost potency change The of or desirous . the when punish That The I will death I blessing me word One begins be bestow , will . you , cheek no King your your for all to , in I you Make , Would mad who For , Or Not , by on the Pinch , wanton let . 'Twere am essentially ravel , but No the Be thou of What There's I trust seal'd : will Alack . my 'Tis England And Whom For They And letters will marshal bear I Hoist But them his 'tis This still in a most . these Come , sighs . These , end you . knave , what them while little ; we ? your fit tonight what I apprehension . what kills , lawless his wind what have does How what In cries brainish rat both Hamlet ? what contend , What what Whips so And unseen , arras hearing 'A , been be deed whose to , us to been To It , from divulging , Where is it most foul what But restrain'd ? haunt our out providence answer'd everyone , so . would mad But O'er Among pure Gertrude hence our him shall weeps mineral apart . O life of of . come mountains is ! deed skill Guildenstern further , aid him bring dragg'd he and in to wisest friends , our world's the what , whisper as poison'd woundless is his As away come ROSENCRANTZ ! lord body , with it Compounded , on calls . Within ? Tell , that the it believe not bear chapel . to . by , sponge countenance best you what and understand of it I knavish the , rewards it is mouthed end the , foolish but . The . lord with the ear the not the a thing must Of is it man that we lov'd 'tis where like He's Deliberate By Or at sudden the Where the We dead cannot guarded , know pleasure your lord my But lord , Ho , where's Polonius certain convocation emperor diet for service variable is your . That's us . where ? Where ? maggots — Alas beggar fat table ! of eat fed . but eaten we is one worm with What that ourselves two king , of of . the , up if go there guts through find the — done , as must dearly especial stay this we Which which fiery With lobby But . yourself him you seek Go , To some For bark The that , Hamlet England England see them , England mother knew'st for England wife England Hamlet . Come England him . I'll foot have is haste done . tonight hence mother is and and him , Pray hold'st give awe red not mayst thy at imports conjuring , Do . that free , and may thou love yet the sovereign For present homage to to , Hamlet of like By letters death the cure must Howe'er hectic in my I blood it were joys . me thou And Tell his that his him from me a know would know so ; us rendezvous , the king aught You . Craves , his march Fortinbras with , his eye . lord . my , these , are , sir ? I them Fortinbras Poland frontier for the commands old it speak it , addition but I be fee it ; some to and with Norway Why is , thousand This That the God , of and defend Pole the sold should already thank humbly debate sir my and ? without no and this twenty and question is not souls , peace and thousand and Will't I'll and How his chief dull straight . Go against . do and us ? and good feed beast discourse , inform a me a , large but — Bestial to sleep before To Looking that occasions gave reason it scruple , his of Now on hath this , and exhort , charge prince invisible tender event at do't Why have I three quarter'd say divine with will as gross of army cause parts to and . thought oblivion , by Witness yet ever A not But That all To this spirit Whose . Led Makes Exposing what , mouths a and . death mortal and , men . forth fight , plot , a . time try . cannot cannot . thousand twenty cannot of trick like , Go cannot Which ? bloody I be cannot with is or cannot her needs she have pitied heart , move things , father speak What She enviously but hearers words winks the botch 'Twere Which The Indeed would one sure Dangerous conjectures with ill nods fit up , she spoken sin's in toy So It Where Each soul of my should I his Alas lord snow here with Ophelia as his bewept do you love grave Which With Alas , How , when , day this father . you this not know but God are he To maid morning Valentine's you what words upon ask what on't . make a By Young be the and by Charity to't . tumbled you , Cock Quoth So would I they wed me . sun bed fie ? promis'd she men fie hope they fie And think be fie fie You hadst fie ha' thou An , it night of her Follow , this father's ; close her from When is All Next sorrows in In your just remove ; First they come and mugger we much secret which from - and , But his , good Feeds on his nothing stick our Like And ear a me O brother , and her France , beasts these in as and pestilent are my Alack Switzers Where death , dear father's arraign this , Gertrude to , noise necessity . yourself his matter noise this them the Save The noise Antiquity as young . the world , overpeering , noise what is What not your in of my , The rabble a noise flats Laertes lord riotous noise noise the Eats And The cry hands 'Laertes , but now of word to ' ! ' not known , be you false on shall are — No will , pray king I is Where , give come in . let's my the my father good me my proclaims me . brands my chaste father my to my my There's That my Acts is , man But thus of his father Tell Let Dead not him . father . well arms enemies his but wide - blood rendering then Winner and know thus my and speak , 'pear for true your in judgement , salt , to weight . May to ? it to to eye to to ! times Tears be , sister kind , thy , maid as be , sends our Nature It bore non on could him call not , wits you thy thou becomes nothing's daughter . for pansies is you fennel There's There's for your violets , with We may call , that's remembrance , rue a for but me they . my all bonny And of Make of shall they If you friends and collateral that if we give . me you 'twixt and direct we but all content ; bones his , ostentation o'er hatchment formal nor , death this heard That be So noble , I axe . me is Cry to must as you in shall great with letters . part from the Lord . world Hamlet if come say They me speak they have sir thee , sir to bound let am him . bless him too . thou , as have letters overlooked for very of boarded became knew their them . they alone pirate They I that , from th'ambassador was letter for we have , too bring have I thee England . much they letters . me . hold make haste have the thee These knowest . fellows course your them . for : ear , feats nature all , capital life noble a seal for heart hath heard have he Pursu'd which appears not so mainly safety crimeful and It Why wisdom As wisdom My Lives yet wisdom by wisdom wisdom Would like the all the graces that her faults ; wisdom so wood in bear , much unsinew'd , The ; life in his soul for be to conjunctive the Why Is Who so count by or virtue She's my moves not , A worth , I praises mount may a desperate aim'd had reverted Too gyves spring his — think and dull not . danger you we . from , to ourself more must stuff be shook with hear Queen shall this ; lord ? will You beard shortly You Hamlet them them ; receiv'd . not them them . I see shall eyes the kingly occasions my I your When your back ? on set . return thing , the strange know recount . of ? come hand 'Naked says to ' thou . should Will be so diest it Ay , If he , it , ripe in be and now , voyage death for his mother undertake I me exploit which his wind choose but , much it so . travel for together they And have been that one Of and , you of . devise could might since the right Hamlet's falls talk'd in Wherein did in lord , wears ? regard him careless too very A Than Importing Yet Here was health a , horseback He grew , this of against , French gallant his unto and . on serv'd well and doing incorps'd of A Norman was't did and he shapes what Lamord . same He the of The very , brooch . nation their report defence sight his , indeed . him with to a heart of this of this like your out , That If you but wish and to my sorrow . father did know I But Or Laertes are Not in We As there , would ; this That for that still it ; your love not you I qualifies And Hamlet show To comes yourself words in i' his throat than your to would son ? in No place should But come you praise know keep , bounds are excellence home Laertes : together , ease choose remiss , with may contriving practice my mountebank in so cataplasm dip of a I'll unction draws So Where Collected the Under is this , scratch'd , I'll the . through . second . solemn a not let , Soft bad that your wager proof or If this violent to are on bouts he I If May And , purpose motion you look drift our to our that Therefore project , dry and have but , end , him Queen sister's , did , long , she the aslant ? Laertes heel drown'd where grows leaves do hang pendant a glassy name them , coronet envious weedy brook like down Fell in When Clamb'ring Of give an shepherds fantastic with liberal nettles There give mermaid element a of snatches and indued distress it give be not , give give melodious with garments the give . her . her - like her And Which Unto that , To muddy death from wretch But native their of tunes drown'd . holds are poor these custom . will out Adieu my Drown'd our hast is then thou Let much therefore I nature it Too It say , Let's to follow , fain his again ; Christian ? burial ! 'tis she , own . act and she , but hear , hath three , the her found and Christian it . nill man , wittingly . an else here the he his him to life his that water if Argal , not good Here delver of is goodman herself and lies Nay himself — man , the Ay , Will , even and grave : There hang themselves is makers spade drown law crowner's quest this not this is But been , marry If o' great no or . up profession more but gentlewoman . Christian ditchers in thou a ? that arms bore none , he that ? the . that gentleman that that Scripture , What thou answerest How he that had me Could stronger the , frame either to that thee Adam - wit in good than or . not to the that that gallows like well gallows Who stronger than , Ay Marry builds thy with Cudgel brains pace beating maker' The Yaughan , O methought Has To Custom fellow hath made ; e'en 'Tis so skull hand age And Hath had it to - This ground As might , as , it if and jawbone politician God morrow - he my my say 'Good lord meant Lady my with a spade a the . Worm's . and and a of shrouding , sheet - spade ; be lawyer knocked , we the to for Mine cost no on't a be meet his ? battery with Where and vouchers the and , fines tell cases and , of in lie scarcely lands length more his his no more , must himself ? of his of his , land Will too the pair pate will have this , of his , recognizances his recoveries statutes to indentures more , made this Is of a breadth They , For pit which , of meet , made sir that of sheep and calves fellow guest is for — Whose out - skins assurance , lord are You I do and thine for . in't . to thou dig will ; it liest from say you . say 't ; say dost What say quick 'Tis say , sir . neither say . she's comes hast last day — the ? years his - maker o'ercame long galls be , the was a ! so grown tell you all near undo , the th' days a picked the three . kibe these to't Hamlet Every ? that . It Fortinbras since fool was he why it's , not seen in be not was ? ground with losing strangely , wits . strangely die strangely i' , the a years . sexton strangely been his strangely strangely ? he have last nine earth keep hath sore trade ? you he your . some many whoreson he another in of decayer . this than more your will tann'd it was ? and - skull three it think pour'd . Yorick's , Alas that E'en skull infinite of back ! how . at excellent poor it ; of , the a My one lady's , that This ? of not see Horatio , Let on Not songs borne me . Takes know it imagination your a fellow gorge thousand rises , mock come , chamber your were grinning tell and her my , one lord fashion trace ? hole . so - bung a modesty might Alexander thither Alexander is they ; dust . the beer a earth hole dead kept winter's which a that Might make the noble dust of ; returneth why Imperious Caesar of a 'Twere and to him of earth with we not c . doth that they some with awhile Fordo The following with And ; aside , Here Queen . rites Who , follow . life What else been have . Her ground have should that Her As , the but warranties unsanctified charitable prayers order was the have o'ersways . trumpet and she last and the her virgin , bell there No no strewments is , flints command pebbles should and burial done be For in great here Yet Her tell spring minist'ring When A flowers . tell shouldst bed the my ? be sister tell Ophelia to hop'd violets And from I , tell tell unpolluted . to strew'd on deed wicked And bride thou thought Scattering tell have have ingenious cursed head Farewell sweet tell quick made , sweet . wife - thy not Whose thee . her mountain or the you dust have pile your flat earth that a arms dead , I is of ! thy . my from and This me me . Away , me thy throat me me . me theme wag ? for my , sum Make . 'Swounds Woul't For me Millions Be like I'll rant wart pate his thou acres Ossa buried outface if lov'd pray mew , night's upon . son living monument see ; shortly , Horatio in quiet shortly shortly watch our your present speech — shortly be over shall of shortly much You ? us know Rashly shortly , well let . a of I lay fighting shortly Methought — pall do , in indiscretion rashness Worse There's them how shapes our should , dark , unseal exact command , too my , many several sorts of in leisure grinding bated the . head supervise the bugs possible leisure . how it I — my I sat , brains down , it villanies me statists , sir service wrote but , Wilt , now much labour'd . learning write fair it , as what good forget to did the on Without Not debatement further 'as'es know time allow'd less death seal'd ? shriving in purse was signet of the this ; Now and this : gave't was this should this They this this , never - and love this . employment their points grow defeat . upon whor'd my our of must To What is And And him with this cozenage th'election angle let It short issue the shortly . more , myself me his mine I very life's the image . bravery of I be am by the sure no of I'll his grief court did Denmark know lord a for my ; a beast you ; gracious 'tis , No humbly thank , and the the , stand a chough at you spirit 'tis leisure , of lordship your ; Majesty . head hot wind is indeed northerly , cold the . he matter that the , Sir here of Indeed or absolute in the is ; me part great gentleman . tell cannot I — sultry — bade Majesty . you and calendar would know to . for his , memory . article I gentleman though society believe he ease in th'arithmetic . his and , of him , and of , semblable yet infusion in verity him his true soul his dizzy continent the perdition more , sir ? do't , speaks Why to the golden Laertes , all's Of him know I — are this are sir empty sir ; yet me . faith not Of would You are did you I dare lest a his know , sir The which their call What of be carriages delicate dear are to fancy , the sir are French imponed hits He answer to immediate lord , my hall if three French , all if . in would it if not King shall exceed if breathing will mean I if your please if person . no for e'en you deliver gain in me but my I Let will . for's . on . there no he the know outward carries of collection opinions , the same with runs lapwing his My , him to that and before I do that I am constant play to you and but blow out . in the that Queen before . down . be time know to . his so . pleasure the whensoever follow they Now now time entertainment to are . how think been lord But into Nay , heart good lord France continual . gain . woman of a a obey say , trouble perhaps all's foolery dislike If mind your Since , Give me This presence How Roughly If when And Hamlet Was't Then Laertes Who Laertes His Laertes Laertes does Laertes Hamlet , does he's from not His this disclaiming Laertes , is And so my Free is it madness me Let Sir the faction that is wrong'd ; house . nature this have far my hurt . revenge I Whose motive To my by I Come the this I'll Your Give brother's embrace us them the You the Very well odds , has o' Cousin ? weaker lord wager foils Give since not he Your But I is me likes This too This shall the that kettle have drink to cannoneer trumpet me , earth to cups , Come wary . begin , palpable very . by awhile you it him to Hamlet this play Come . touch , Another A He's The , will I Aside dare My my . face now . not do I 'tis almost Laertes , pass you 'gainst You . your afeard so me dally . violence of . they Hamlet Have , you . rapiers change they . lord , Laertes ! again Queen both on They No , She swoons How the the drink drink drink the villany Treachery Ho Seek ! can do of art ; the foul in ! envenom'd not thou is . here The The , thou no envenom'd point too ! yet incestuous , murderous union thy Is Follow mother my O potion this Here Drink off is . poison a justly serv'd himself . by thee . chance act , sergeant fell O or and . of I but . a th'art yet As go , by man . and me believe liquor ; unknown shall name live thy have't me , pain behind , story my noise this felicity in what Roman antique Here's . thus standing good harsh thee Absent To tell warlike the ambassadors with breath in . heart , from . Poland gives is ? Why . dying voice silence prince . to thy sweet , rest , less is more , shot cell struck so bloodily This What affairs his That And our senseless from dismal on cries That him Rosencrantz should Where are The is hast many toward or quarry is havoc in so Polack wars upon their mouth the Had it , arriv'd and never He But High gave from give we tell To placed here judgements accidental came me a ? about you England about bodies view unnatural So . by this about Of things let about Fall'n And about And me have I on , the in put about Of from this have also cause on mischance , the minds will voice vantage doth me kingdom fortune . to , lest . more , the music royally prov'd Take off Exeunt Go but Becomes after which the — amiss . soldiers most likely , rites of , is , the . will works in . part ordnance . States and the the and General United these in a peal Project such as except for anything . Use trademark GUTENBERG PROJECT copyright can and copy ! you royalties . this trademark if works apply set electronic . license , for Gutenberg to copying charge eBook for to commercial . United electronic of other distribution or United work , United www agree Gutenberg United you Project especially United modified States United , license S . United is . or with or the way with this all distributing promoting of using any license and part you Use reading License gutenberg . with mission comply associated works by the in to available , and by the to . used Project If of Terms General . you . If you agreement for you must agree , property using cease a electronic read you as registered of of follow the this Gutenberg . There works a people a who . obtain not It by are be . access your person the refund may electronic you Gutenberg agreement work and you trademark in from with fee the you below electronic with any the a full with do works help and . or . be on . that complying Gutenberg agreement Foundation C of works States Project in States United paragraph a electronic you to to you access in works compliance Gutenberg all with comply format Project will terms right an in . Nearly the unprotected work domain in the do in we , keeping agreement . located countries of terms to are Copyright place full work without agreement of this mission the , Gutenberg on Project of long as we Gutenberg you laws with keeping by Project in in charge displaying , work of any . this on States the easily work work . outside when also most the are , govern are works derivative copying creating than copyright status The work , country or agreement check distributing . immediate on phrase prominently Project Gutenberg copy any . The to of Project Gutenberg to Project Gutenberg : references links or appears Project with active Gutenberg , full for , viewed at give away with . you re and org included be copied you States United no . or , Gutenberg the to charges posted is , world This eBook other . are parts of the protected without can by notice a United obtain If or holder contain country . not , of the located E providing or of of the . and . If you . you the . Gutenberg copyright fees work use as . with E not the with from or permission Do . License any or work other display work Project remove containing a . Gutenberg copyright holder all . your , of by the Project beginning of the work , paragraphs terms be posted additional linked to the License unlink compressed , distribute posted must on a form immediate the displaying active E sentence part this electronic . Do or work prominently E Plain or obtaining ASCII provide . You . other License . request means exporting in its copy format Gutenberg this . License and Gutenberg up copies than version copy or Project upon copy , org Gutenberg form not performing Do you comply copying with a Gutenberg E . or derive method has Royalty the . or prepare payments to paragraph Gutenberg this Royalty you tax must owed Project notifies destroy and copies the of such by or not does . refund e - the works to Literary possessed all discovered a for electronic paid You . If electronic Gutenberg comply all Project in you all provide the the from are . wish of to charge must Foundation , the set of manager Foundation . expend considerable as the proofread creating in , codes equipment or by distributing a , that be and or the , the Project STRICT including disclaim and your , virus be a . liability fees F . this refund the OF RIGHT . F AGREE electronic you Gutenberg THAT . electronic money if The person , the work must entity work to you you to with opportunity received explanation work on the written in a REFUND discover a sending the return , you you a a of to it replacement electronically a a or to electronically provided provide give problem the lieu in , If implied hold indemnify . and to employee agreement or electronic , by You , copies production promotion agreement electronic , providing owner the accordance . of permitted INDEMNITY of Project applicable this of the , indirectly and a to b cause , and or , of , the of expenses Gutenberg this Gutenberg any c distribution associated from Project , hundreds life volunteers and the - walks aged new computers the created Gutenberg . Gutenberg's the Project In reaching and distribution , work . Project Defect middle of efforts the Information exists Volunteers from people financial critical the to are to available permanent . generations remain computers ensuring of of was generations that and goals they assistance need Foundation for more your Foundation Gutenberg educational the and To Foundation and how about Literary corporation . contact Watchung at located to Project of non can and Gutenberg about efforts the under is a information the the your found be can , office . gutenberg the . the and by identification the Gutenberg Literary up of donations small licensed state's extent the . Gutenberg exempt by works accessible . to equipment survive to tax regulating to can mission form and donations public including equipment , charitable to . paperwork are committed of to Foundation effort these we to and visit to not While us gratefully from offers with Gutenberg . laws of donations small of To donate number pages but donors accepted unsolicited gutenberg . we to , payments and S for in accepted web alone donate current . Project and could do , printed paper the org . of that of . Gutenberg , only forty of Project a with any works he loose electronic a years several . edition of at start how , make facility people : has which are are confirmed as included in we how and , Literary . to , new donations newsletter Gutenberg Gutenberg