! King and unfold . live ? the Stand answer Stand Long Stand Stand Stand Stand Have And If of think hear . Stand , bid I I Well do this And night to them , meet and make Who ! Horatio , there is you ? appear'd have says but our tonight of not What , this 'tis seen . Say Welcome He . night it , 'twill awhile ears story our speak this , apparition entreated against Sit again once , pole of the appear down of heaven part , myself comes and Barnardo , Well let And Last us star Look that's to Horatio . from westward . dead fear wonder and like King like The it burns bell break the In Most harrows be would thou , this Mark form night , Denmark charge heaven majesty Question It the ; King me ? Together of . buried warlike is By I and away , Stay What art which not tremble and will ? than and answer it more you ! fantasy speak ! What stalks think Before Is ! charge pale eyes mine something . not and ? thou it Of sensible ! not true this believe avouch ! he th'ambitious he smote God own Without the twice He Such Is he When art very Polacks stalk . armour when and sledded , In what 'Tis , sit and and most watch , state , strict , bodes But So toils Why the daily for , hour dead by eruption of shipwrights divide be not Doth What Why now nightly strange scope some same such , this ? opinion my of foreign I ; sore of that inform labourer , joint the , Whose Was , And Does the Who to this side in most goes but know on of ; who known which so - is't That whisper even image least might such make as you At with last us appear'd can by which a ; which our of competent lands , him seal'd heraldry , law Hamlet , compact , of King his , esteem'd by cov'nant , full list Now of world by a those Fortinbras inheritance the been And fell he To with by , conqueror the as King , moiety return'd , and here strong by appear recover main motive this foresaid our is some lawless of resolutes , up skirts Norway and same the sir , rummage lost doth As But father source post but and , other portentous in , head . watch question of so this of us food a terms of , lands take chief figure so preparations And , sort our be the most was Comes The of this e'en land the of mightiest high it armed Well stood gibber trains stars Did The As Was whose and little A graves the And As sick Unto our prologue even If cross , Have to the and Roman streets blood fire of heaven and to harbingers Upon But I'll to , soft hast behold countrymen omen or use Lo to to art , Or For Extorted happily speak in avoid grace voice ! again , oft and me walk , and may ! womb ! thy earth stand , uphoarded foreknowing , thou O 'Tis Do strike of it . Marcellus here my here , crew malicious air , 'Tis here , if it the as cock vain it wrong being of majestical here , to it with here then cock Whether here in his that fearful when so started We the present confine of or object of hies air , a I and day lofty , trumpet at earth spirit shrill his , sea The Doth Th'extravagant faded say Wherein nights then To Awake morn throat or the his This say crowing hallow'd So and so strike planets power the ; crowing it . abroad part clad hath no stir crowing . season celebrated to time in and and by my crowing , Break crowing The No So crowing we heard they fairy our Let Unto spirit you needful crowing young Walks is , o'er , dumb watch the This impart what we have will fitting and , pray I As Let's do't we him I , speak acquaint to , tonight to with him seen my ; for upon it ? conveniently find most , hearts our Attendant death whole . brother's and wisest with That Yet To far sister of our woe of fought think sorrow , Hamlet Voltemand it our befitted and on , state queen , be yet of in we so The memory with one as Therefore contracted jointress to , with defeated and auspicious funeral better this Now remembrance with , this of his with and dear of advantage message , barr'd , worth marriage , joy dirge and herein , thanks , gone freely we which , in . lands bonds , young of us , out Or He Colleagued thinking Holding not with to Importing frame disjoint impotent Of His Norway much The lists and bed - and the all dispatch good , gait this , fail'd hath and subject we , scope the levies , rid have much law . are and personal power to more VOLTEMAND . your will our duty . that to suppress made , articles King you : further ; greeting old , asking , show CORNELIUS than what's some voice The You your of Of Farewell , Laertes offer wouldst What is't you , favour The head be not the , though Dread of whence From my , heart to Denmark to thy toward duty coronation done France France , leave your came and says pardon . What To Yet my in again to go at hard leave him wrung ? bend wishes show Your to and that return them father's my give do beseech hour graces ! thine be at , Hamlet seal'd I , cousin my fair petition from my kind . son — Polonius leave ? last , spend his Take Not How A and . spend and thy Laertes ; you spend spend . Denmark lids on spend , the than you spend spend eternity dust spend , madam common , all that . with know . thy a in for thine Hamlet , cast thy nighted colour on it vailed die seems ; breath the of nor inky through 'tis madam is it , These That with , the Why If it be ? not Hamlet nature the these duties in the To 'Tis For No all the suits of forc'd indeed play , to commendable But some the father , eye in river . moods ; your , to your might , grief a survivor , as ; heaven unmanly is for give To A shows most 'Tis your sorrow lost impious heart any heart know , vulgar in a , whose 'tis our to incorrect and be , be , common theme to fault be unschool'd and ' . fathers most absurd and ; immediate We unprevailing must be From the most less nobility of father the of take love to let woe so of be , till and think a opposition , heaven , be son for corse Fie ? should be It In that the And be the he your earth , today note intent eye go stay thee Let in This As going beseech cheer with you not , you our school toward which shall all 'tis Why I I most retrograde we pray I This obey lose not Here chiefest in unforc'd cannon No - speaking And in my mother thy and ourself gentle smiling as that Denmark to too that that Re this and to clouds shall . melt , come Hamlet heaven health the 'gainst Sits But great King's the Or Thaw too a come was it rank and to ! this unweeded to , this mother : O unprofitable world gross winds roughly so nay I Must self stale the ! God had . flat uses ; excellent to Hyperion Visit That How Oh on't me ! she appetite and increase fed month or Frailty yet , Why — the had those ere a So grows to Fie two But her face too fie not it months That merely ; to my so , not ; on which ! father's , think — more like , father's she , she Would My . A what Niobe followed in her no shoes were body reason , post With Ere Than have O yet not It is of of uncle discourse of with unrighteous a galled , of : tongue my see you lord , am Hail to servant of poor same I do Horatio , it must lordship to , of . good my . of — you Good . good my good friend : even lord — you , your I'll change The that name Wittenberg ? Horatio . faith see make , My make with , own that ; report truant . you in , very But hear your good you from Wittenberg sir ? enemy so violence We'll Nor A what to disposition truant , lord think mock , follow'd it , mother's hard . upon your you affair came To yourself is drink deep it make your teach My Did , my met I Would I had seen that heaven . my ? Horatio — do to Horatio in . goodly lord , him a He not , my was for his look once . again in mind's I , methinks furnish he eye I I man lord think the Who King ! king yesternight I King ? father father take upon him admiration The these a . till , may you marvel witness This the of to love an Barnardo and nights God's ear In Armed with your hear by and and waste together gentlemen , night , figure and me . let these to . stately to dreadful secrecy not to did time good , me fear surprised he father , solemn like A truncheon's his at I apparition thing they slow Almost By dumb Stand In And hands where lord Did , had as of the But upon ? watch . methought we where like father ; more this , as morning it vanish'd to But And you head like motion made lord the even But do strange loud ? it did . very you we live my watch this . in down our me . true lord did To MARCELLUS , you Both it know of ; sirs the and ? 'tis duty , We do BARNARDO . face he frowningly his you . in ? beaver his lord From ? sorrow . or , Pale my O countenance eyes Most . anger there amaz'd you than in more And would , It have moderate haste . I Not Longer one when like might . saw't BARNARDO like . Stay'd . was as I will I ? longer , in , still sight . well all no but shall in . hap So . understanding whatsoever you bid If me it my an your Upon Give requite platform silence person you warrant hitherto tenable I'll Our loves play arms : in spirit Your visit 'twixt , and honour is loves as mine to would : Though will it doubt earth . night . my , foul still o'erwhelm you sit soul do the . give men's ! come were foul them the My , it violet not and sweet a lasting , his of trifling the fashion , The . in a and ? you not winds are necessaries , convoy And Hamlet perfume is assistant from that ; toy in doubt and For not nature blood minute ; temple besmirch his ; more grow the . for own depends to not : state , must you ; does not and you he of this nor will his of wide bulk crescent it no . soul mind alone inward Grows In And therefore not himself withal no , is , as his Perhaps soil weigh'd his loves , his voice saying the lose weigh the head fits he is The Or Than your To , importunity may . open ; enough danger and chariest maid the of your moon is your honour treasure place it you , sister songs sustain : the of , safety are and before canker itself oft in wary best most keep brother spring strokes her 'scapes the of . fear . calumnious liquid though in none . dalliance not But and reckless to heaven treads . recks puff'd some as to I heart this and a of thorny path good lesson own me fear like the to pastors do , But upon here rede my . for in thy act thy character Look wind stay'd here , are Yet A these The stay And Be thou Of Of Bear't each new dull hast any And hatch'd quarrel thy gaudy ; comrade unfledg'd ; few buy , thee being of and but means vulgar adoption no by hoops with but soul , man And For in of Costly This it apparel ; man judgement that . any self of lender be ; thee the own be then : borrowing And Thou they must Farewell not follow all above : canst , the loses oft And leave your my , my shall What is't And Most humbly do go remember . it the you time ; servants and to you well . you put yourself : oft Hamlet hath to as you , you 'Tis If And What do way audience time , me a such Unsifted believe Affection ! it your 'tis on tell you must your Give you . circumstance like affection Pooh He , in lord ta'en sterling , it Running I you I'll crack — importun'd . fashion tender me . think yourself tenders yourself of more pay think Tender the , Marry he In may his catch the fashion are Which call , Or thus love heaven with to go , my speech to When more must parley . scanter take promise light tongue the With hath , to : it . this - in , I vows all burns not something so with a in your , in Set Do Than as not of You as of he tether larger Lends as their to him at higher Lord is walk all terms . and pious for time as , making much entreatments for as as which . may believe given And like to you , as Than mere implorators vows command The Believe for Lord forth suits , your come with talk This any moment this leisure , from . ways Hamlet air cold . twelve . eager the . the heard not spirit I tonight doth The What , the swaggering does upspring reels down his drains - drum King is then . of . thus pledge custom of kettle And as and his Rhenish trumpet of lord my his , mean he The mind a takes rouse , I revel And my clepe They to heavy From That and other . height nations west , not marrow cannot and o'ergrowth some it it . guilty them origin some of in particular are the their pith achievements , chances indeed mole star that much , mole men , mole though breaking by form Carrying His mole Being Nature's down mole Doth mole my it may undergo corruption , man these one ; forts pales some , stamp man o'erleavens , grace , scandal manners plausive of man the , say I , Angels thou thee airs from or goblin us . defend wicked health man blasts hell from lord As particular all man with Bring man speak Thou I or of in in ; man why inurn'd , the . charitable , shape thee O quietly and his we canoniz'd , father Have Be heaven questionable ignorance thee such a , and ministers a spirit or damn'd , answer death nature complete ! of do ? souls our of and glimpses What not their corse the hideous So the moon What impartment some ? op'd up this if it alone beckons , ponderous in to the of shake Wherefore you With It ? again , disposition fools action Say waves speak do As go with away to , you Look you go courteous then Do a for you of lord . reason , it ? do it as at can immortal again base the sea form to , horrible other assume toward it puts , beneath . the to every desperation it of I'll follow the summit sovereignty of of into so Hold off . lord . thee . hears And That it me roar nerve body this , petty Nemean lion's lets follow . obey to issue will follow ! a call'd hardy as the . me ? Denmark thee that him of away Go on , I'll this what 'tis with in rotten not . direct I'll follow let's the To Have after state . thou wilt lead me Nay hour , I ? flames will render Alas not what I shall To I up poor Speak me . come to but lend thy serious , I bound ? father's am Doom'd for to revenge the night fires nature forbid , done confin'd term fast - my in away the the word blood am To thou So and am , of I that to What spirit walk lightest their , list O end stand must list upon knotted up tell could If of To O father , spheres ! on to from young porpentine blazon eternal and thou most ! love thy this ! best the Revenge strange But . swift . is unnatural God blood his didst ever foul in love ; revenge weed fat murder Murder foul , thee the the of my . Lethe be , unnatural that May not out that , sleeping this most That rots itself duller find on ear of as , than , Hamlet , Now . so my incestuous , that , Rankly A serpent stung but and The 'Tis thou Wouldst With O So will , of , Ay Now wears sting — beast ! that gifts falling queen the shameful was gifts it But a shape of were and even natural virtue her That made to , From , lust So wicked of , me it But Though let me secure With And porches cursed in distilment of custom ! on Brief leperous hour always on That sate lewdness be hebenon thy garbage a as it heaven on my , link'd to court on angel ; vial on , on body of effect ; pour did ears it quicksilver an such Holds And with natural and lazar And The Thus made All of crown on sent my my . my ; horrible ! of dispatch'd : crust act incest Denmark , thee thou A But not thy a the in , sleeping , by once , it of but disappointed my O horrible in royal luxury thou - glow Unhous'led , imperfections the for , pursu'st ! this leave her uneffectual . pale her well adieu And all you . fire to thy . lodge bosom be at near my , old memory memory . ghost table wipe All I couple hell sinews poor O Ay youth book matter volume all of In But this I'll pernicious smiling is Meet My Unmix'd Yea from . damned down villain , past , live ; pressures there brain ! set and to ' . Now may sure , it villain by commandment smile I , heaven shall alone most and O villain . am Yes . in be it woman So smile I is Within It 'Adieu may a Denmark ; him lord . Lord , lord HORATIO I , Hamlet , Come bird Lord Lord it My . Lord . Lord Lord my , noble ! tell O is't secret man once . it , my , Nor I by . be you'll by heaven lord . this us . from all lord come ; grave dwelling my . it ? Denmark tell To needs But are ghost Ay , There's ne'er he's knave in more and for shake There And it ; my own , words you offence heartily whirling , offend go business no , Yes they There's I'm by is you friends may me vision . and us , We lord we lord make Never you here this that what is between friends . not I . will ? one have you , will but , is't and , Nor , upon , Cries my lord . my , Upon thou Consent this Come Propose the of oath that you seen . cellarage ? the thou Art ? so my the my . ground our . gentlemen again my Swear ? fast . so th'earth i' give this is and philosophy heaven your , soe'er never in in , of things more as strange I perchance antic hereafter odd before dreamt are are There Than That To Here And and That Or speak' , pronouncing by to or of know list know' we encumber'd thus of 'We 'There out — perturbed , such , we 'If 'Well Or your you As your or some ; ambiguous mercy grace your , May And what t'express do all your your my your joint . not on of fingers . lack love a go cursed O lips , it go let's come , ever I this money Give together . Reynaldo visit his I , him to . Look and . behaviour ; first , very Of marvellous do well means what and my are Paris nearer . touch come it distant more of friends him particular , who at encompassment do company his son , 'not son . he's may my know son demands , drift son expense this What son Ay in part , be in son As as your , thus son ' As forgeries he you so him part 'And ' But , sir ' But ' may no ' Faith ' Quarrelling ' Ay My meaning seem outbreak assault : the savageness general good you should Of in may flash A The and my But Ay That Marry Your you Mark you with closes 'Good ' He party 'twere laying You I a Having According , then And He was about I say to was ' . this ' ' Where , about , What sir , the He closes I with he was , with out yesterday such , enter at such tennis' forth o'ertook of day , as , you 'gentleman ay or such ; the marry ! gentleman in's perchance sale' now directions have have , former , windlasses By So Videlicet There There 'I , Your bait and indirections of with find son Observe . in my his let shall inclination , you I wi' lord my yourself . ply I , Farewell been affrighted so , of . him my How Alas , lord , now lord And Ungart'red Pale with shirt upon of , hat his No as To As Lord With if speak horrors love been a , look his so Mad , know What , the other , he At And Then My being seem sigh it to such length and his goes took me He falls thrice And He with would He rais'd it As his end As And And last with his his find to done over head will last the seem'd bended to . me out . very is o' he violent property will the Whose This with of desperate passion I words . itself — love ecstasy fordoes under you as and . letters me am . heed him fear'd as our the ourselves proper in we go is is it thee him I And To More As it , grief I sorry quoted not wreck cast To had am discretion Come Welcome Rosencrantz sending hasty need Our we . did you the nor did long use have to that known hide , we much and transformation Something so What , father's th'understanding from dream was . to neighbour'd his I entreat brought death have th'exterior nor days rest and your by so . of up and pleasures , your vouchsafe so little you of Resembles it so , than that So That I That since on as open'd aught from him To To As expend Your visitation supply and fits As the To gentlemen I . Whether Good And Might , give command thanks such of us . you king's time profit remembrance receive . into pleasures . your a sovereign power of us have the . you . our gentle commanded be To , Thanks And My And Heavens Pleasant helpful amen my good return'd , Norway joyfully Ay these gentlemen where , to some instantly you changed our presence and Thou Are hast ? duty my hold I And hath of speak As it O shall fruit — policy . in he queen to source and doubt your my grace tells Thyself He My , of I The do the be first news Give Say Voltemand our friends ? brother to desires . levies nephew's our first be preparation into to suppress ; impotence , arrests out and he of Upon greetings sent , out him ; age hand in sickness better It an him three entreaty That So levied To give Receives On Was Fortinbras Gives Whereon his employ against allowance pass this set well . are for crowns thousand commission herein as th'assay of , overcome , to you of And And Most rest to Go at Meantime we you and our consider'd ; read . is and day soul outward noble to brief it is is but less with that nothing true mad is duty , should be brevity Therefore Were Why What is day majesty nothing And is't ; be else art no swear 'tis for then pity That he What art at A I 'tis mad : but But matter , let Mad we say Now and and soul's duty her me and this daughter a have I celestial my in given ill : phrase That's the an — have Perpend . fire be madam Doubt But that truth to sun ? shall hear , I , is most . best to it believe have not her art to reckon . him show'd move Adieu numbers am love obedience out As a As of you , given she receiv'd mine by his means ear , you on table with and , love must me , this ? love you you , dumb bespeak of then precepts out , prince a . lock And young think mistress from no . resort his herself her love , my love tokens tale short fruits receive — then sadness , took , love of , he , should is love thus , heart dear This not my ? No I I love did mute love Or What That into to to love the a thence into fast — advice make , raves , to for ? very time , said positively It And That I it may think 'tis this likely fain , declension . this I . ' ? How Within if I prov'd so ''Tis me it that this though , may in does indeed the he sometimes is circumstances lead the . walks centre further . will try it were indeed daughter him carters . a , it try her he I'll farm a Let And , look for . state fall'n good O the ? man honest . are me God does board him well I Not you my is be goes . were would , lord to a lord as I so ? dog walk not her at How me sun you i' you gone not first ; truly I'll to What And Words is the matter satirical says to you set thus lack old , and down , that have the I hold All that that who ? mean they slave , my purging men . lord amber grey like — will , leave of which sometimes ? lord pregnant . part . more and and his life old and that lord my well from I my take , sir seek To ! sir you is there . button very - of My ! Good Rosencrantz Happy Fortune's children Neither the children , in privates we children . middle ? children favours her ? children strumpet that the O the children secret But my . but not world's . deserved ? more me friends prison , true good to . a , Denmark's prison , Fortune have doomsday ? lord parts , None is . near , one ; are one my . wards and ? a the one nothing either for a narrow nutshell a that there me too is ; have 'tis count bad and very substance of mind for , the . none the dream dream is shadow the a . that of dreams A it bounded be space , itself and . th' and shadow's of a is quality myself reason hold , were not shadow light indeed ambitious ambition . I We'll wait upon for outstretch'd . I , fay servants of we monarchs heroes . Elsinore . And attended at you in , like . our our ? GUILDENSTERN not shadows bodies , a , Shall to court . rest most other but free nay sent speak ? not , Come ? thank occasion ; visitation Were my sent modesties sent which . your I enough kind anything , to colour teach end conjure , of But confession Is it justly in purpose say . me we To But of what with me or youth the the by , rights whether sent our Queen . you If . for of hold ? you . we , and I My the wherefore so and you not why ; frame ; secrecy , shall were Queen prevent no , discovery have my ; o'erhanging with feather my . off all moult my seems lost me to it air , man , And me delights how yet smiling your of moving , to : admirable pestilent and express , sterile , in this why , of how it this is beauty in action brave promontory disposition that god me reason a ; seem stuff in say , how with look golden foul you fire and like no , the , of my so nor what . woman thoughts 'Man me' ? not and entertainment what the , service way Majesty part the shall ; peace lover tribute . have Lenten , man in coted We to — his welcome shall , his are tickle the blank they tragedians — both reputation the of lungs delight or What such city ? was better they comes they their think they Do hold I How profit take , inhibition same , indeed so the estimation Their they , they grow ? followed ? not No comes it How , endeavour most afraid of stages clapped little the they . that , out These ? maintains than and call are ; for't quills better 'em Who are longer common no no themselves they How can their as — say ? many thither scarce grow eyases so — cry them are sing There on exclaim to poet and both do was . to brains of the money ? succession own the while possible about , make not , sin for them much it Denmark if , picture lived carry do at hundred would very mouths something fifty , more than . King is his . too his . those , The comply , forty , me entertainment Your . players . the Elsinore . uncle are you of , garb are what , lest , is the There ceremony . with are - I you than deceived . yours aunt lord wind you be with gentlemen Well west . When handsaw , you of yet each his for ; to out them too a but mad north In dear . hawk a at time and . is You . so news prophesy he's the will right have , comes lord lord to tell twice not child , was tell lord actor it Mark . an . Roscius . my — When to Rome comedy , tragedy for , only the individable Israel liberty heavy a are pastoral on ass either , historical history tragical , the men ' my no . light , or nor , These , Plautus what and — he . Why The Aside not I daughter that . have lord , passing loved I ? wot by then , know , lot and that Jephthah ? more God , daughter follows , Nay What as first to masters Com'st By'r as you last , thee and as It welcome , of as As Why you am , to ? young since well as face . was comes will as pass pious ladyship to thou friends , as abridgement friend ! chanson , my row as O welcome , e'en speech . speech my lord ? falconers , fly cracked than you a Masters your glad is What speech cracked give within heaven when valanc'd cracked like I received not cracked with no were the . for , the down as it , and cracked never , or if million others excellent the of the cracked was mine to lines that in pleased it remember — cried , in was set . speech , might thereabout it If , let this line such scenes top as I much as make me in sable did the . honest an in to Priam's than and see me it , to gules dismal black Head night , your sons , trick'd horridly complexion smear'd foot a light , streets and parching damned , hellish gore and and daughters horse with resemble arms and and and Pyrrhus . you good and finds he Anon spoken my eyes and To That their Bak'd With o'ersized Old grandsire carbuncles murders thus And God , 'Fore With vile lord well , Priam lies match'd strikes his senseless Then and , sword , it antique sword sword . wide with with For the th'air seem'd . of wind . his hideous Ilium rage , blow this declining a Did we Priam painted neutral a , Which the where , winds in silence A as bold nothing . and Pyrrhus i' his matter crash . the orb him the remorse sets Cyclops' than , did as vengeance ; On , out , the the to shall This is . her heaven down for down a He's down tale ; down low nave down jig down It barefoot rheum bisson Run That's and tongue in have with mobled is down . diadem her With good ! good — head that upon and of fear caught the queen' Pyrrhus her see robe a flames , made husband's steep'd all malicious did saw if But The he well . for used your , well has she of they speak better while live brief and rest ? bad . epitaph you the are the thee out bestowed them their of chronicles soon them ill and The dignity and . your honour Take . desert sirs more Use will every man own bounty friends Come , hear you friend ? Follow , Dost deserve use me , tomorrow night old . need lord We'll Gonzago ? his , after in . Ay a lord which , my Ay you him . mock speech could in't of some lord My are to , good my welcome lord night Rosencrantz . that well and Follow , Guildenstern I not you ? and Good You till . look you I'll . Now am of ye . am wi' God a so working his , her it so rogue monstrous from fiction and b' Is But A forms Hecuba his his his own , he passion tears do , for cue and him For Hecuba , eyes faculties He would drown the ? the to That That , Tears voice and his all ? king cause I , life for my peak , th' me most , No was my , gives in my for : Who me whose say - A Who Plucks me As Ha calls by ! But With I make pigeon offal slave's Tweaks should oppression , I And damn'd off 'Swounds can as am it lack face ? cannot , bawdy region and gall ere , kites ! villain vengeance treacherous an , That ass am , the revenge by a bitter I to deep To this Have struck a at of the to by That Must , son Oh I Why like a , a I Foh ! cursing Prompted I what a ! And For murder though . their so brain cunning very with words , heard play presently ! scene speak players my have seen will , these have perhaps and , the observe devil yea my such spirits The the mine Before to course my him pleasing damn me I'll . the to conscience puts by you days circumstance of of quiet can Grating As Abuses Wherein from And from find would we will When will Nor But cause he will will ? his of demands reply but forcing receive will ? pastime any , our to of will so assay out that him told players certain in him fell , court disposition . the way are to 'Tis And before . Majesties . matter entreat night as of did seem think This heart they a Of it Did And To With o'er raught Madam Good all his , him inclin'd . true your so gentlemen hear give shall he To and it doth Hamlet , sent by these further much me edge . too . lawful espials lord on content , hither , unseen may , here , wish leave us , as obey Ophelia , or judge virtues , cause happy I . Read it — an Ophelia may on to oft show . ourselves you bestow Your too 'Tis . Ophelia , walk here . We To loneliness of exercise please , book o'er ! visage conscience art . it plastering that coming . is . give my lord hear deed lash a is Is harlot's I The slings , that my a To : and . wish'd ache by , be heart - perchance in sleep When that sleep have ? to dream — To is and them ? opposing end flesh The No to , Devoutly we give ? For To ? That makes pause of so There's this what ay die , 'tis thousand to sleep the come , coil rub , long scorns contumely delay make life , the puzzles bear dread sweat a we and insolence he To of would unworthy and of the takes quietus weary , not ills will thought resolution , of have ? moment of cowards from whose we know something after these fardels bear death , native the of those all of cast hue pith make others does thus And Thus Than sicklied Is o'er With with regard sins Good my all ! this my your fair sins And this Ophelia have pray I I sins you gave you sins you longed I I How humbly sins My That sins , well , well receive to lord , sweet ; to ? unkind perfume breath right I now them not when , My Rich of for wax them lord I mind lost you did well rich more again Take poor my compos'd their ha , Ha ! lord Are What beauty Could if you , for of sometime I lord . was to the than a made you , be , it likeness Indeed , believed we . relish the but not should You stock into truly power beauty will can translate honesty from . so not loved love did you once . inoculate me I ; of , it that them are should nunnery arrant . to them put revengeful indifferent nunnery I Why ; my We in , Let in , more fellows all , honest but with knaves ambitious such What myself shut thoughts were be , I'll At house him help , thou O give as him own upon sweet , thee may in's If , dost ice pure farewell , go marry ; powers nunnery men : well ; as . plague thy ! too O well . snow thou Farewell for not quickly heavenly fool to nunnery make paintings on't . marriages God's shall the live Go shall face . will more O courtier's The have to a and , no what soldier's , Th'expectancy , have and , The That that , And of and a keep it are no I'll ; rest more Those rose fashion bells , T'have see woe music deject quite the the here o'erthrown , harsh reason , that in brood the do I see unmatch'd with Was And be O'er like though O . ecstasy noble out feature lack'd There's have sweet is of tune a blown youth , shall neglected and , on't you puts in countries speed matter But What think and do yet prevent , Lord commencement . need For the seas beating heart thus ? play I grief now what us , entreat you said the fit My tell , she If so of do neglected The fashion . in you her mother queen it shall of himself love after . shall or , be England Your all I'll his hold it all lord , alone do , be please ; from You Sprung all you Let Of To him show his grief conference in best him think wisdom And let must mouth pray their great , lines , a beget town if I as pronounced but may , to robustious may spoke it unwatch'd your O for of of it , part very as the to in , you trippingly I me , players , must you saw too a to who shows you honour I most , would to the your crier , rags noise , I a - thus hand split the - smoothness say so to Be too not I such of Pray your - to 'twere her scorn , word modesty , but the for this tutor Termagant avoid your but Herods . it . your . special the both ; of whose the , in be there which unskilful pressure as the playing so men strutted , one must Christians , imitated . and bellowed them to not and the made , so humanity had have accent of the reform'd well Christian of , Nature's man the , the that I have to up mirror , others neither , altogether the journeymen indifferently that play quantity those on the of of clowns highly laugh the the ; whole — play o'erweigh judicious a profanely seen thought that pagan we hope I to reform to the the it is King be And with . they set , in considered in more than them shows you ? make players this , now How that . For there a ready play , themselves laugh fool . the Will to that and hear Bid And haste . them hasten help the Will you will Horatio , my lord . your thou e'er For revenue thee clothe no my art not may ? my a as cop'd . pomp be spirits from flatter , good . I flatter'd man ? her lick I conversation thy the tongue hast hope hear . fawning the follow could seal'd A Whose blood one Hath Where what , And thrift dear pregnant thee And feed That crook No and hinges of For . the may of equal That To In As . Something , slave what sound my suffering are a is I heart's not and with they do please and in play thee passion's stop is have Observe Do mine thou of act seen ; foul heedful his join note , As a it core One I prithee Even It , Which There , If we his lord this , detecting steal he For is And mine And are , Enter King aught Well will I . play whilst censure my our rivet imaginations damned will and . place Get to In after And march They A the I you 'scape a : these so play'd , words are you ; To , nor I nothing faith - answer Polonius . capons dish Guildenstern i' good ? a you the cousin you cannot was not killed Be the . you . calf you . i' ? a kill stay my players you Capitol you sit . kill'd enact Brutus there you . mark attractive . you upon metal you lap shall lie here's , here's I , my head lap here's ? that me by here's here's ? upon I Ay here's , you Do here's to thought fair . lord , lie my lord . What Nothing my That's mother , 'tis my wear . my , I'll suit Then But have a yet O . for , not months else or outlive black Nay ? by'r on sables Nay O long you how let may hours looks and lord two within's he in , takes a down him embracing , shall a O . him and half forgotten life is whose ; unto he then horse . finds some with returns , takes action to woos , and King he , hobby and , Poisoner with gifts . She his my accepts The poison declines kneels a . the the seeming The lament . crown Queen three dead end her , the King Queen means shall know you'll they meant to they'll ; play cannot this show the keep show . love my . clemency your mark , patiently the As beg , to this prologue brief salt wash Phoebus' orbed , for hearing round a of , ring lord our been sheen , ground Tellus' and , may most have dozen Hymen times times and thirties borrow'd , distrust must , is of done . sun , it holds you great quantity . so . fear littlest the thee , proof , and love my what you my . Yet though nothing in , lord , women's For Discomfort aught , hath made and world one thou and treason . behind : as — leave husband powers My , must operant , kind . accurst ! shalt In kill'd move none wormwood of time instances but needs husband base A do that Wormwood the . oft what husband , my me think kill I in you poor : of dead husband now memory slave do But fall When second , 'tis what ourselves ending pay Most fruit violent Of is we determine but what But like speak break tree , themselves doth lament . lose destroy grief doth , enactures for should world joy most joy either on ; with most . strange yet grieves not , with in ourselves Where unshaken when is we that necessary to to Their What The the you , revels of , aye question fortunes 'tis slender our ; fortune tend a doth him end do are still never I so . food thy second lord is our dead , night turn repose to a want in advanc'd who hitherto And And orderly and hollow seasons to our That where enemy begun , husband none their lock first wife my face , have prison and lasting destroy , she I that desperation me when the ever , in Each Nor To Meet I my trust cheer An anchor's here of strife should If widow it Sweet now here play , I break beguile . methinks ? twain . between there her , this too world offence offence i' in't a play no is play , O the Gonzago do The no Have The argument ? jest no Let not o' : the call that . nephew , are us his , image of work . What . Duke's it : the . the off . are edge take you my , to better would , could , chorus to Lucianus , love a you your and , You your fit time for revenge . murderer With you Still , croaking , rank mixture mistake — collected thrice raven and , infected shall . how see story The wife Gonzago immediately . Italian love very choice th'garden wholesome for's , property You ? Away play . the frighted . false with lights lights o'er some gets the . weep So . if of rest the roses sir Provincial players sleep razed , on , here . pound ? ghost's — now for have pajock I cry For Very good Jove dost take well of the lord . Didst him well the Horatio You might himself and . a . the . note very I'll O Good my word . you of sir with . distempered ? The sir , With in my me wisdom his retirement marvellous rather drink to purgation more richer ; for most am . great are , lord , to Good my Queen , my if you Make wholesome shall . the but or matter to no can more a What My , good lord to please my this a answer , my admiration your , Therefore you my so heels behaviour struck But sequel no my bed go my to further my you . love us my is and there amazement ? you do your of cause if any Have mother with desires were , liberty your , My she once You your and . your musty withdraw proverb grass would the for the lack I you the voice distemper your ? is toil unmannerly , do too . a into something why King of drive you ? pipe you — with me , you cannot play this upon my is . no do do I O my lord My I cannot I , understand that lord pray Believe . skill any Look govern these these to utterance , you I command But , you now . would make note and it stops not ! pluck in voice you would the the would out am I lowest stops , compass mystery look to played on you there make it know would you how with : mouth lying my and can a You this the think little though . camel Call . from thing you excellent my you you of a like and would shape of a presently ? weasel a to . me They a . say and like whale . the fool and . a top by a come Very I I so me of itself I now nature . yawn witching — bitter lose , quake churchyards now by said easily the will When And heart Would O to The Let such . not this I me and soul cruel enter not unnatural : us nor range madness not my she in tongue My in them seals How I To I your commission our near so terms will feed peculiar those holy We will ourselves religious 'noyance and life much the rest and cease but it not lives That The whose adjoin'd it . weal depend is . many is majesty It and strength itself spirit Dies To Arm of a mount things , put with . petty , but a when lesser like upon from whose spokes huge the near That consequence general this upon , pray ROSENCRANTZ will us . speedy thousand massy gulf doth Never boist'rous , GUILDENSTERN . fear this - to footed mother's Behind going arras the as To , Which we For , he's the hear My that makes I'll lord meet said his I'll and audience you vantage I'll . partial you And dear you ere some you tell call . Fare , you Since upon nature process Thanks them is eldest sharp as intent bound double as Pray curse know to bed mother should well I what go , it my my strong to like And stand , My brother's offence lord smells , To To be forestalled ? prayer the in this cursed heavens brother's shall first , prayer am O Then twofold look of . fall to Whereto the my business with What sweet ? I if what come snow being past cannot those Were there in And My And But 'tis this th'offence ? prize there no the oft In My That Can May Offence's crown my . pardon'd effects own seen hand currents of and justice above ; queen murder murder foul ! possess'd did ambition turn since ; be Buys There Yet O Art To Try what soul knees ! that bosom ! of free be cannot it : assay death ! steel born to black ? so compell'd O heart Make babe he . the when What with new be and angels one , All engag'd state limed what . Help sinews may And I A Be so O took With To am sole , And , heaven his is full this That pat . I I'll now might reveng'd kills do my . the take , Up Now I do't it . son broad stands know fit in season'd thou relish And ; or salvation , act , rage horrid passage of ; asleep no is And purging am blown him sword he To And And heavy our grossly father in him 'Tis And But When trip has swearing drunk And with That th'incestuous pleasure of heels damn'd And . and up thoughts to , rises never fly And The This , but words My whereto his goes prolongs King And As that soul physic him , hell that may thoughts it days . him to lay bear between . e'en here hear straight home much , Now thou you Mother , hast what's the ? matter Fear him , warrant you mother with wicked ? forgot matter you you with have question go Go come No the it then You And , come see set inmost you glass budge ? a you to down the sit till set I'll You rood , help Help I you those and you so your , so . Draws ho not help not wilt ? Behind for What Nay what a Almost and a O rash his good . this mother , deed ! farewell word Take , fool . sense it so you . fortune wag ? tongue modesty thy the penetrable , sit braz'd for against not have proof so Such act blush takes grace love marriage such O Makes hypocrite an . innocent contraction plucks vows , rose deed , makes , doth face compound against act , of presentment , was , here what Hyperion's See The a curls That upon Jove of seated two on in this . brow ? index thunders - hill , indeed Mercury and his set brother Look you Have leave a assurance husband this moor fair ? love for ! have is ; at , this from - you on batten cannot And waits judgement the blood in , to serve thus without in such cozen'd feeling eyes one ? blush , sense is thy . let in hell Rebellious or reserv'd you quantity What shame , no all devil blind was't , true wax , charge burn , live no my and leave into very more soul grained spots , love bed . mine ears ; to nasty no tithe of the ! put shelf his in . And A your slave . Save me . Do . You . That . he's Do laps'd in not to whet Is he's , Alas would me o'er hover he's you acting passion dread ! your tardy son of your and he's not important The he's step in weakest her he's , Speak to how with , at Your Start Forth On the Upon cool him conjoin'd cause Look Do capable ! you , piteous Then preaching look have I action perchance what convert to this Will want My stern To effects ; colour Lest true , on and patience . how tears not speak blood do you . see . away ! I there nothing ; portal . steals creation even now out coinage in cunning bodiless doth the is This And Would That I And My I Lay It gambol not but not matter that from Mother and corruption rank skin unseen . Confess , the yourself , unction film . will - my what the avoid of the not past spread Forgive . Whilst And make Yea in fatness vice compost this pursy him good virtue , my times beg these to me leave come ulcerous place , all within heaven twain do pardon . heart in half . not this and frock angel actions yet in sense doth easiness of tonight , more next or Refrain kind The lend put gives a on can shall the devil change is a nature ; out , easy good livery stamp . of throw to be bles'd same hath this more , Once desirous are . of beg you you this with and will , their and him be . him , repent That And And do but when potency punish I blessing me wondrous I'll death I The bad One by the no tempt King cheek Not Thus I must more and good , means that , call of with again his out matter damn'd kisses let madness him not this his , sober , wise , know fingers , bed a you , hide the ? of and , and house's the fly break Unpeg , the birds To Let dear Would from the And assur'd of And breath What thou thou , have to made basket . in like top so , creep ape breathe words , life to me know words hast I no , so , words forgot England Alack 'Tis concluded you to words said of that be words words if . and words words have it Let to as schoolfellows , fang'd work the two adders on . mines . most . counsellor most prating you . grave with room , fit toward an . foolish knave end this and tonight ! is 'tis sighs These ? seen have a we . understand heaves son them ' rat ! brainish good cries in The been out Behind rapier old us threats to 'A stir fit . man apprehension his . hearing both something , lawless wind the as Which Whips And , all . whose to had of heavy , out our gone ? love there been feed it most let Where ore some haunt was a providence , fit much so restrain'd , of was he like disease , done touch and away metals of shall come for mineral from it apart pith the a . sooner O mountains deed skill vile and the our excuse must will O'er itself He from go and ship him hence Among countenance sun The weeps ! Guildenstern friends this : body bring him aid ! in mean do slain fair you pray we world's done call and know his level poison'd pray whisper Hamlet , madness , what's As Transports pray And pray shot cannon to O discord of air hit pray My untimely the miss . what haply pray ! Safely Hamlet pray come . dead the , here O ! kin Compounded us it you on take it Tell And keep Believe own ? not be by your and sponge should . chapel be rewards in ; it , mouthed first dry shall his end is the , to king ? best service , countenance jaw gleaned what needs the the , sponge do in ape , he officers you knavish A , such an swallowed squeezing body King thing my and sleeps . be lord go I am lord , is body I must not we put that seek nothing How Who Yet sent Hide all after . and , grown seem weigh'd eyes him ! to the the judgement bear ; bestow'd from get cannot ? Or And where not like Without him before Bring where lord my , Guildenstern But to your lord . pleasure ? know At he variable your ? diet ? eat but . That's a — and eat of through progress . by dost the fat man fish king and with . a king mean ! that that fed show within heaven . of If as stay . Go if . come seek go you messenger you safety the stairs . up you the dearly thee — and , thine especial must and ; grieve and and , and is wife and father . come ! for , mother Thy . But knew'st thou if sees My cherub Father and him Delay Follow it at man ; not And England if th'affair , for . is tonight and . sense — aught haste aboard , cicatrice looks and which love the thereof raw thee free coldly set ; full rages England , my were blood 'tis . ne'er mayst thy . rendezvous know a the aught eye us . king powers so in duty on his , are ? Go How They sir , I . pray Who Against commands sir of of you . sir Fortinbras , Norway the for Poland part it main and no it to speak ? sir Poland I to , with name farm . it fee defend . Pole not or in the be , Nor the in profit five Norway garrison'd . cause thank you . th'imposthume man Why the , sir . me a against before . lord little feed us and , a What is . man not us gave wisdom know do me means charge prince tender such delicate and with and gross a Whose To have . this Examples , I quarter'd and ever Bestial fust That Of army not do strength unsure dare great danger a , then argument Rightly death , a mother , be see I my straw and of mortal invisible mouths what ambition , puff'd and , is the to without . How to stake . great in stand an stir the stain'd , I find quarrel reason for , let have That That their to all sleep , and beds , bloody ? tomb from and continent fame of twenty trick try cannot a numbers not thoughts will O enough or slain , needs be indeed Her importunate mood is would of straws . speaks hems , at world half th' enviously That Which There's tricks carry i' the Yet as winks sure words make would , my Each Let conjectures were good Though seems prologue Majesty Denmark ? Ophelia is amiss , be . some sin's is guilt spilt this shoon and ? mark know his his From , staff ? a grass and gone heels , lady stone his He what you Nay At head his shroud ! Ophelia but At you showers snow as look , we , are dild Which what How true be baker's at you table , be Conceit words her we , the love not know but , say - ask , what maid , more out clothes , your this but ; Saint is the maid in in Let without By , and Young Indeed ha' me to bed . done not I You must hath hadst . lay would thank night ; so be will think And close they it , night hope this Next from in All , Of But , her your his sorrows Thick hugger Without In Divided good from , and which the , Her as wants And and wonder not pestilent is brother Wherein With on necessity his nothing Will and ear a to stick O Gives me . piece superfluous Alack Like In ear my Switzers murdering ? the haste impetuous but now flats young your world as forgot O'erbears , And The They the offices Laertes a custom rabble not of props , The were and Laertes shall , 'Laertes Caps How on , this counter is cheerfully O hands cry , king this is , let's — Danes No ? stand come , pray Where I That thank . you Cries That Let thy go , him Acts art That thou thus is Where . Let ? father incens'd but , will divinity rebellion is the so Speak of can such Gertrude . peep man his . to hedge not - like ? go me Tell doth what . him , Gertrude Laertes : fill to , Vows ? not . negligence , point with blackest dead ! Let shall stay ! devil ? little the death desire They Who come Let damnation both That comes only what ; I'll father , with them so . foe revenge And his you the them his Winner you , writ certainty know to and but then gentleman my with them kind I'll , child guiltless a blood wide ? ope Repast To shall As Within is in . salt her noise come that rose O shall the my Let ! now the , kind be Tears ? and . Ophelia maid's life old a sister beam paid ? of and , May , of by wits , bier , man's , is't , turn love some After It Nature They non his could wits you well - it the call him steward And Hey bore not - many , ' that - his , remembrance for love . matter and thus a than more is remembrance , o' rue fitted . I . thoughts give he made some here's itself ? again prettiness he will and come passion , as , he he favour , hell , poll again ? snow . away cast ha' Do of And No never God Christian , Laertes you He gone mercy is this commune right your judge Go , God I souls see of hear and by , in you , If Make Or crown find by And They To you And they choice direct we will friends kingdom your ; or touch'd content us be so ; bones — question obscure due his , death Let give we trophy No be Cry And So I with you let great me me to That heard I th'offence are They say have sir they , know should do not I be you bless him God too and't if Lord . greeted , sir as Let sir . England to overlooked him . we dealt have compelled us am I letters sail . when , that I . as me for ship in old to the thou There's a let is know letter for bound letters sea Finding two fellows means thieves in I the light will give you He ear with turn good me , our repair words to thou am speak to for of thine where . bore them Rosencrantz and that much thou , way knowest your these letters . direct them may you brought acquittance my heard hath in conscience me and your , he you must must your you That And Sith Why So and were , proceeded crimeful you Convert Too gyves all the to spring his love public but a great timber'd have slightly that for I father noble desperate may praises if on challenger have I where not so his And And Would a back terms again dull not must danger . and You so shook shall hear more , imagine — think Queen them not . Hamlet What will , Sailors They hear your you Leave . brought that , of I When on . rest the recount return the back occasions set I come ? Reads mighty sudden and more you shall your naked my ? eyes ? says ' ' . me let , all no strange . here . 'Naked Can lord diest I tell he sickness . Laertes him to his — But in , it ? be should it I That it be be o'errule you my will lord he If ; rul'd me , to a otherwise so thou my me ? that , shall work and will he return'd ? him device now . an checking at peace which more for And No even As thine So To I could I , And mother no now voyage not , fall the choose my in I breathe wind shall it you My if But And Wherein not say did that As one the is have Did You that you Hamlet's of That rather might talk'd been for siege such Your of in from , a quality , that and The very needful the they together , the riband Of What the , careless youth cap Here And the light settled they myself the I in wondrous far the beast brought unto grew and doing the months weeds , the gallant French , his Two against but this on the , can witchcraft to . Come forgery brave he such in't serv'd gentleman a well . A short So he horseback , incorps'd He demi shapes what did , Lamord was't Norman , indeed , sight 'twould out masterly He very my Upon made If swore That For And one If He Did had he That could coming play . them for your rapier your especially , most , this be scrimers , a to but with Sir so match motion oppos'd envenom envenom Laertes was like face dear ? to ? envenom envenom father time envenom , envenom , you in snuff wick lives And Not that that qualifies There But goodness , too abatements tongues And And hurts As do is hands father's But yourself by : the words than Dies We his . to his , church murder good But in , delays would ; That we are a and , easing To there should comes show And And put do this your and , The Will not wager the a Most on Or A generous . your , ease together . indeed return'd you Will have shall within come on keep , on a you , varnish you , all so ; and for do't him I'll dip unction knife . anoint a pass . will purpose but mountebank in have of a a no all that thing father , point from it may can Let's be of of further convenience both this and this time our If . Soft this that back or wager motion your in a bouts more drink for the solemn violent proof in assay'd And fit May Weigh drift did have your this We'll ha't make ! And If they shows If chalice that . tread upon , where sister's , heel ? the leaves Drown'd willow a ! O grows did , grosser a daisies her sliver envious give nettles , dead do the on cold maids When to mermaid Clamb'ring in And Fell our That liberal There , boughs and clothes trophies coronet herself broke spread her tunes up , be , Ophelia poor tears yet holds custom When these . nature hast thou forbid her , blaze gone , fain it my . lord that douts follow Therefore had to do , Gertrude follow be fear she , on own burial straight it her , start , she seeks Christian burial here perform an else act wittingly do cannot to . found . and lies act For it to hear but wittingly se offendendo , act , it be so an argal , three nill drown him own a guilty him ? quest not o' out had this crowner's is't this law But the Ay ha' should you Why thou there in even . ditchers , been have been law . folk Adam's they themselves no hold : There bore gentleman a - spade . he was Why ? Come and grave that arms none ever thou . a How he had ? the , first dost he If . thee Adam digg'd says art to . answerest dig stronger he Scripture What is builds Go than either frame , church the those to in good well thee a than do well builds the ? thy is does Who gallows stronger built It The like to again ; thou well But dost does ill To't . shipwright , a or and cannot about when ; houses asked till your question ass next dull will mend get . liquor of doomsday , Go 'a love did it Methought when the , not . grave hath it made so 'Tis To e'en ; the And hath shipp'd his in But claw'd with into me Hath me As , if as , ground in him employment property of . sense his could politician which this the first How dost ! lord ? ass it , my say my morrow , a sweet that it not - to such would might be courtier might one , It lord meant . lord , Ay my horse one's : A with these more to be , ache for clay shrouding spade ; made sconce ? play but to breeding the - is guest be cases his lawyer skull rude and be fine of the vouchers land of a his , dirt buyer knock , too , of of ? than his about and ones very the recovery double fines full of more ; himself his tricks Where . his , lord - ha and double of sheep ? indentures pate the this have breadth in pair fine might fellow . no of lie purchases him and length will vouch and , Ay and lands not , lord . and Is which — calf parchment , calves speak O such , dost think be a is meet . say lie , dost will dig no woman What For say say 'Tis is say man not say One a knave , absolute How say woman . the sir but ! so heel , that undo us it the the the all was Hamlet you , mad , shall was — How tell ? he , wits there . into recover his there Why matter great no ? in he that born why ; came say . How strangely , How he ? the they e'en what with wits thirty mad , nowadays that be in Upon Faith Denmark a rotten scarce will long How , here . will not year . hold Why A laying year if his . is while . sir dead great body a whoreson , A on pestilence . This once that of fellow that and ; that most poor of Alas that . that now , that at times Where your Here rises , me thing that looked , come mock her her ? set ? gibes tell , merriment Make Dost this think favour you ? songs , get must tell my What's Horatio , o' find a bung it lord my ? E'en ! so And 'Twere make and why stop to Alexander ? dust loam and to barrel beer a likelihood and to , noble Alexander may not - with died thither , awe they wall soft aside the Here ? courtiers , a , that ; But thus returneth soft ! with Should that stop Imperious ; Queen And such they corse The else did rites Who This that King . away world winter's the flaw desperate with . Mark mark ? comes estate . betoken they Trains c doubtful . hand some ? own She As Her have warranties Till Her Yet , we And obsequies ceremony as youth noble ? else her was have be should more the peace - No th'earth And to i' profane and , unpolluted . more sage from A howling sister such done be be dead her my shall liest Ophelia Farewell priest churlish thee As tell spring minist'ring When What Sweets tell May - cursed on tell that have bed have have . head tell arms more the thy deed once off tell upon the quick mountain you tell and mine in made head skyish Pelion Olympus dust old Of blue he What emphasis ? whose phrase makes . stars is Conjures wonder such Hamlet wounded the - Bears To Till sorrow of stand them grief my and , thy rash me ! soul thy take pray'st take Yet thy me lord Good . him me All Pluck I have though wiseness in me let Away ! Hamlet me , be with me theme this , her for do thou love what ? brothers fast fight ? me show woul't up Could my , wilt their thyself , Nay us of with his , here eat her mouth tear : do forbear woul't For , drink do't weep up leaping against , burning our , will her . well as thou'lt , on work will till , mere female . an come whine ? let ? in is This Singeing pate sit golden as And like fit you Anon is What , patient that the the couplets will . But Hear you , reason Hercules mew good , dog day . Horatio will he . do drooping are silence His lov'd will do Let I and ever do thus have me ? no what do do pray do Till other do then it this , remember me circumstance all ! shall some our Now let my . Rashly . Methought me there was And deep prais'd would not plots Our Remember my much for lay , that That - That do , the , me my most how we will in had , so dark our sometime do hew is Up a My Oh Larded Grop'd Finger'd To not ! With - No the , Their ! and in . life my goblins no of off the , axe — proceed leisure at commission But I They I Or could to ; as , my sat wrote of yeoman's that hold , our and but . effect Devis'd had a was her might , charge 'tween the palm . labour'd or more know like the wear garland wrote comma should between As And As conjuration such He Folded 'as'es of was How debatement and these death day next plac'd of Without further , the that that heaven this my was signet father's : it The Why , writ and this : seal and to ; insinuation own their by Does man near dangerous know'st go love make th'impression the Danish to . Guildenstern did my fell opposites Of pass their and a king now ! mother comes this nature , my thinks't king out Does not in the mighty , it He quit such cozenage — of is't not nature evil for , baser incensed . is the what Popp'd be be that , And with issue business from ; 'One' ; his by with let very am portraiture sure the bravery put passion my That a comes mine the to myself is , Into And But The man's the Laertes of For of court grief right , I humbly Your lordship tow'ring . know ? No you state ; fertile Sweet the and the to lordship let ; in king's is land stand it , if , mess a for the possession you at will I all lord receive my , head . Sir this signify , and hot , lord for to you 'twere , my sultry me bade very is , it you , laid , tell has , Sir full he I complexion , that the is as , good believe he him of very , differences find to court feelingly in come speak shall , Sir divide you , good faith to , in inventorially excellent in Laertes mine for , yaw neither is what card part of a perdition in you of But article umbrage . though , and , his and semblable verity the him , more in gentleman ? in . of really we most him would speaks lordship else breath wrap the Laertes Of imports understand the to this gentleman are are you did if . tongue ? him me . golden words — that I a know him would Laertes . with excellence should were well ? it is , himself on . But hath , That's wager'd weapons it , with six well dagger . him hangers . and , responsive conceit the the , liberal very Barbary rapiers horses poniards Three had done hangers , by margin ere you . if hangers the be , to might the till against Danish swords as French the matter could and . three , him nine And and on assigns . cannon carry But it ? for you call between twelve vouchsafe . in would person his odd is gentleman . nature him hits it the , for be please it will my but - effect commend flourish after my duty you and shame sir commend To this I did winnowed collection bevy his dug that with the which ; the of opinions My commended you hall you . them blow do Majesty play Laertes him through drossy carries the the sends of . Thus has he , only fanned on a most kind the bubbles brings are yeasty who time to , his to to some are coming now with constant they or . whensoever King's follow provided . gentle you time entertainment instructs lord thou no is . odds lose She Queen practice ; but a woman wouldst think been have my not . I in ill continual matter - their will . kind anything and a ; yet . it is trouble you repair not to is ? come as giving . a lord such my . be not what , it whit . Since aught of to it in be The leave as Come me now , are is't come providence to this I a you hand have from me wrong heard . gentleman done , needs distraction and madness , have punish'd your with you are take and man ; now That , knows your Hamlet come , Hamlet away Laertes . exception have . sore honour must ? proclaim himself then His not from is is in enemy . was done . be denies , it be , house thoughts me stir brother case and known no terms nature in But and by Till I me so far shot my , am satisfied my Let Free I And To my I keep And I will And will elder I this us be it I Your it it shall Stick No , by it off Hamlet ? hand young wager You a like it it Your I do has the Grace is therefore both . Osric Cousin seen another . the . side weaker , have odds . well have . me . lord length , second upon wine first give the Or quit too since fear not This he This likes Hamlet answer battlements Hamlet's better kings the trumpet the have the , Hamlet heavens a judges Come to speak hit , begin . the Give wary ' without shall four to to to cannoneer in Richer The 'Now , drinks , you let The that which . the Come my my my my my ; my thine by . first set ; the cup it pearl this say what drink , I'll Another bout play Here , this , Gertrude lord ; do Good , pardon ; madam the not drink . fortune of , I to poison'd thy my lord Come wipe dare Come . for the third do I pass Come . dally . but of . with make ? so wounds Laertes , way violence best , ho again , then Hamlet Why as a with own , treachery own Queen the does How woodcock it , O drink , She swoons to see the poison'd my . bleed am justly to Seek ! Ho , the ? I ! Hamlet dear the drink ! am . slain Let , thou . art : an in , mother's King's ! King The . more Then LORDS treason and It The I can Hath O defend me venom envenom'd too work , again on rise , to . am I , yet thou make ! Wretched and thee look free pale and me come forgiveness Mine You Exchange Is I That but time Horatio , Nor Heaven It is a with thine — arrest his that dead audience Queen death in am Thou are . tremble this fell I I aright , could am . me , in thy name shall by Heaven behind , than I'll have't The O cannot , I the volley . my quite o'er - crows lights England , dying and , less , prince silence . solicited heart angels does a night , Good is aught What Why the drum is Where woe feast cries thou And quarry That The our so on from his To ears tell Rosencrantz should have are is . fulfill'd us dead death thank mouth for our Guildenstern The thanks , to of from we senseless are here me stage , be . order Not life upon and to placed to give that unknowing shall acts purposes hear haste on And deaths Of How , us the sorrow embrace the , memory I fortune . deliver to now I will draw to invite me kingdom this mouth same cause wild Fall'n Hamlet men's And he On , have vantage of my with perform'd more to , likely For while But that shall let off bearing print replace editions Creating will one copy . old editions S . United Use part paying protected States and without previous and can a you editions distribute and copying previous in forth works . Project if Gutenberg concept and previous the terms and of previous Foundation no , previous works the this . previous Special without permission it in in the Project distributing General GUTENBERG of trademark protected you . away Project such license paying an trademark use S license Project , commercial and , for If reports nearly and the eBook other you Gutenberg , of protect any or distribution To the Gutenberg associated comply . works license this all to available with org part license of have any electronic using or and this Gutenberg of the indicate reading and the terms If . the entity used by . to to on . terms possession Project C without below . of Project or B that complying are a of with you obtaining do forth . most trademark It may obtain is most any with of with do can works associated most you paid the by paragraph most Gutenberg of works most things you most See are prevent Project Gutenberg Project are by works support derivative free all works claim works that United displaying works will with you share works format the Gutenberg references or creating to works are in unprotected United the . Project course can the easily in the work hope of work this of terms with full this it laws of change work . in copying works The . no work makes : any any United , countries located where are the work to the your laws before downloading you removed , a Gutenberg active all Project Project Gutenberg the access The following copy associated accessed , appears is , Gutenberg of is or anywhere in work with distributed copyright work based this , performing with sentence , at Gutenberg License copied or the almost you If will work eBook the the States most online check does permission copyright . it by are . located Project posted is . S and copied charges phrase are you must . you , E with E and . work the paragraphs appearing , trademark either . country a . must terms to will be with . the E or without paying of requirements the obtain as additional linked work work Do . E . posted License E terms . prominently electronic , You compressed word any E or to or not displaying . links , active other gutenberg Vanilla . official than official processing marked up to copies you License with or official E . official to access pay Do E official your Gutenberg . that official taxes using The , paragraph derive the electronic profits you . on donate Literary following within be to of Project of royalty fee the agreed Section Literary Archive applicable works . provided gross from method . fee but . he owed s . he notifies that . Gutenberg . discontinue Gutenberg Gutenberg . specified Royalty the Project in all paid donations to the a full of receipt destroy Project of free within full refund in days works fee must different of and reported works discovered of distribution this Gutenberg Contact Section terms the . manager in terms the of terms a agreement Gutenberg works Foundation , below terms in forth Gutenberg wish with terms terms of other Project of distribute permission the transcribe Project terms , law in volunteers . Archive , agreement volunteers or Gutenberg copyright copyright on and volunteers the the Project F volunteers to identify collection volunteers . effort . by volunteers these or , described Foundation , volunteers read by your defective limited which on , the transcription and Despite , medium not they may disk damage Project the . expenses and owner Project that damaged codes copyright a , OF DAMAGES equipment or or computer . the paragraph , of , F agreement NO OR of paid work a sending you discover you , for the received days If , NEGLIGENCE REMEDIES work RIGHT this the on work you elect work refund a If person by . replacement second writing . medium choose a electronically give to you fix medium 'AS , entity return medium that provided in you medium medium the medium or medium to If work explanation with opportunity a providing is Except for opportunities lieu provide copy refund in a you forth set refund implied agreement the or void Foundation , this state make . indemnify electronic the . agreement of this agreement disclaimer invalidity or , in forth limitation to applicable this copies agreement promotion all b occur to , you synonymous about cause or agent any INDEMNITY - You agree , with Project , Section , formats the financial Volunteers of old readable of walks of all critical assistance they from including electronic Project remain and available Archive future donations Project Gutenberg the information Foundation To . for and is a and to In Project provide future secure Project see org . Foundation - non by the the identification the full located be your at links Foundation's the Watchung EIN under the Project granted tax Foundation's tax Foundation's . is Section Montclair Archive Foundation S are Mississippi of state U information official contact is . and Information is to is public support number equipment are in of important small is be exempt tax Many accessible licensed . is office is USA about Literary depends NJ , can - www Donations found Project is survive gutenberg to to . the org the form with uniform states the distributed public and cannot out its regulating the laws by maintaining . fees org do confirmation of from we to gratefully not While The Foundation and Compliance requirements . of have against of outside any United Please of DONATIONS determine much not visit and donations statements of or received of of methods International addresses . States Project tax accepted from donations solicitation the met the checks the ways including and Project freely . of a volunteer copyright often only was . Project the For . online Donations are www credit donations . the electronic . donate years forty . website which Gutenberg in at website to to email Most subscribe how editions U Archive has . our the information donations www . gutenberg org hear to how and , eBooks . about new