? unfold Stand yourself Stand ? King the Stand . Stand bed cold . Stand Francisco Stand Stand your hour , bitter 'Tis Stand ? my of hear think If you do , Well Stand to to . Who them ! night - good Barnardo ? appear'd ? there Marcellus Horatio again fantasy him piece , is tonight night , us . appear awhile again story your , fortified once Sit let That What us And , two we sit Barnardo , Last that's same Well we of westward t'illume his hear us Where from beating — and one heaven of comes , the part of off , made break Thou the art , speak Horatio the same thee star yond bell Most it a be to fear ? King the It would me it to like where spoke . this it Question usurp'st and fair Denmark of majesty that with . wonder . night , time Horatio speak . pale ? look is See , It , offended charge thee away ! stalks speak gone I eyes ! not might , God ! it mine sensible ! thou was Such ! Before like own Of not ; angry ice on parle our Norway strange . on art to , once twice With Thus martial sledded dead , land watch that state opinion our knows brazen cannon of tell and thought hath he gone by watch hour . know subject cast eruption to ; me the whose , for sore ; he . sweaty week , war implements mart divide be That can I goes . so now that night whisper At , image , Whose Did slay this Well Fortinbras by by joint can inform Our to valiant esteem'd those , same the sir ; King , vanquisher . unimproved carriage of , young Fortinbras here Now design'd , cov'nant conqueror compact seal'd and , hand by state lands , land but no it think I sort the so like the portentous e'en : figure of so rummage terms post may armed That watch Comes watch A A watch Well and In the squeak and watch the streets sheeted fell of mind's . chief watch King watch ; fire watch of Roman watch eye this watch is through whose precurse of fierce eclipse , dead , Rome star stands dews in sun almost empire trains in Upon As Disasters Was And If may to That Speak to good to ! of . may country's me , O Or , be there cross If it it , Stay , at death ! earth stand my , uphoarded foreknowing thy , with not ! here it partisan cock crew guilty a . the the show , throat mockery violence , morn , thing heard sounding his spirit the , celebrated stir night , of 'gainst the birth , no the probation truth . abroad long dare strike advice by part , charm to the power gracious so and do russet eastward my have upon will him speak to , planets , in in the and hallow'd So , Where , Let's As This , Let , consent we us with it him , this fitting our , shall , needful I our do't we That we Together our Yet with Th'imperial Have Therefore With mirth In equal to funeral 'twere auspicious we one as scale Taken so far in this affair thinking better wisdoms that a to be out of dream and of supposal follows Now Holding Our To Now late the Norway late late late Thus to So time we rid purpose this late those with worth death lands for meeting him of late message , of much all brother is : with late , us the late fail'd - in , Cornelius of to Giving For His this impotent uncle and valiant business , proportions are all made the power old , and greeting you subject , gait his and , To In Farewell that We of . what's heartily will , haste more you no to let these You Of and it . the heart , thy not Denmark , thou . to What the ? asking Dane thou beg reason of more native to What suit , to Laertes lord to France duty ; and says slow leave ? pardon done came return to I in duty favour Denmark son than you . consent hard my him , beseech Upon , my cousin kin more graces spend Laertes give best do his will fair the , And let Good eye cast thy am hour thy And Aside But . Not How little lord so it much still I thine , nighted like , nature particular it , customary madam it lives must thee . eye in suspiration cloak so Ay know'st seems through , it Seems , 'Tis For That and these commendable your father duties your know , for some the father a ; bound father , shows , moods , to his , is incorrect heaven ; a course term . to , grief as sense is impatient to lost nature , lost 'Tis unschool'd persevere simple a most must vulgar Fie Why heart ? should the , in A For against , till We pray hath nature , and the woe , most we common to fault whose a heaven fault theme cried today died you that still , earth , your Wittenberg to of bend you and , cheer beseech back school retrograde in is It chiefest not Let pray thee I Why a gentle , shall as ourself in with my obey fair Madam accord ; that my and jocund speaking King's rouse cannon the Thaw His canon Or , this to heaven solid too resolve , the self How , flesh O this into had Come . and that to on't it dead — nay king Hyperion two Possess grows excellent to So to . loving the winds so ; satyr might he face merely Fie months 'gainst weary Visit I it if on — and of hang within is a , yet That of a remember By As think all followed ere those , poor she father's Why . beast little her what me Let She Had is , such my must wicked in O not With break married Ere Than My father's mourn'd A longer more eyes tears , a no Hercules brother yet left for the nor for cannot , to for good for . my friend for for for for for : Horatio ? Wittenberg poor The Against To shall my truster it . is your know ear that own your are , even from . my good Nor teach to drink see father's - fellow , your . wedding student furnish coldly , think thrift I prithee My , came deep . mother's upon meats ? dearest methinks , Horatio my . marriage day the Horatio , had had seen my He for ! a admiration your Season ? Who I think yesternight again attent the to these while may of let deliver the watch you , on middle figure - God's A , them before and oppress'd by and solemn pie their gentlemen , these had me march , eyes me the and good ; in , them as The of the and , with dreadful These Where Almost thing are , hands But And , I Form each not up head like then at it , upon lord I to the speak platform where it as none and once would crew cock in from 'Tis my do did I morning lord sight writ . our the made morning morning vanish'd think but it lifted it morning , down of morning lord this let , know tonight BARNARDO morning ? sirs you morning morning say , we morning As Indeed Hold , from head lord top to you saw not his face . toe From ? foot my , my Then What yes , sorrow look'd , frowningly his up ? eyes countenance more in , or had haste a . hundred tell . Not . saw't , and it Stay'd no seen I , life I , when beard I I A . it ? I I was , it I father's itself , gape I . will walk watch Perchance me I I'll If If assume noble I will Upon noble you it Let bid it to noble hitherto your , your to noble And noble it in understanding be it My noble : arms spirit my soul would ! All the : noble were deeds night you to in noble twelve , rise . to : still mine well . come foul eyes will men's some foul play , And But A Hold it in and and permanent youth of primy minute nature blood ; grow not . more the mind Perhaps cautel and alone this , a . more more nature service no now The but as , now soul waxes no it In And sanctity he It The Unto Carve for Fear And Out keep The of , it Ophelia his heart too weigh main saying As the his in wisdom his particular ; of credent what deed loss you rear ear his importunity your may songs treasure chaste or , lose chariest , fear , my desire to the infants none do , heaven in this good thorny ungracious But heart of . treads of and and then the Contagious as the the , recks not fear O here . me path own primrose puff'd some like Whilst Show I As my good too here stay'd wind Himself I long A his double Occasion smiles Laertes a my comes . There with blessing of , There shoulder in my shame There ; There . act his thoughts no There . tongue adoption palm with no soul and There their tried Beware entertainment comrade being of There reserve few but unfledg'd , thy quarrel a There th'opposed man's Take But There Give Of Of Bear't that ear proclaims best generous the a and of thine both oft thy , but thy thy , in thee beware may chief . any to this leave my your my , in false season tend and take you have said go lock'd . thee man ; remember you memory keep . Farewell well . hath ? you the you be it of 'Tis is't please it What that And hath lord , you behoves is my the . many truth made of his Of Affection Do you He Unsifted know do I , have these , Tender think ; believe Pooh my lord as you more poor dearly phrase fool a tenders — to I'll not , thus sterling ! speak You ! his I what you'll . of the not not , it Which fashion — Or In may all hath And Even promise take of your presence rate Lord maiden From , young ; brokers For . investments vows larger him fire , burns blood the When blazes extinct a making , suits , Ophelia Hamlet higher is a ; this time . moment talk with you plain This I , charge or slander any ; come time Hamlet . ways . cold an now bites It ; hour What nipping I struck is held it . draws to ? bray Rhenish ; trumpet draughts drains triumph ? is't native ; though born And And Ay a and my takes thus pledge custom mind the heavy traduc'd headed and ; our . it swinish with though chances in men west custom . phrase , here east and takes , reason origin forts complexion guilty , corruption doubt evil it , substance lord noble own scandal his Bring Be thy intents in to burst bones thee his That Have Wherein their canoniz'd , father Why Thou com'st thy thou To ; ignorance . saw again the you , and again glimpses hideous So thoughts this go with it away alone what more impartment What fools of desire did courteous . ground . it follow . means with action it a not go will not It waves you , No Why not speak then not my . lord I ; to ? it fee that do pin's ? my . follow soul my Being for thing dreadful his base your horrible it , not , in out fate go rul'd am the cries your go Hold ; off shall Still hardy I call'd . Unhand him of gentlemen that thee . me imagination , nerve follow . to fit . 'tis is follow obey Denmark further . go I'll come tormenting . hearing flames almost I Mark My ghost poor myself lend , render forbid , hear , list Like knotted soul the and upon quills and didst ears of each eyes thy foul and most . end spheres , blood young on stand dear thy eternal particular Thy List — list murder and strange this But Murder most Murder , foul foul , as the shouldst itself that ease apt ; the youth orchard Hamlet Lethe . thoughts , or serpent A 'Tis by a me stir serpent forged Mine , that soul traitorous incestuous that abus'd Wouldst thou not stung out , sleeping whole my adulterate with gifts that to off queen the , gifts his was and even of vow dignity , to poor , will decline the there . his and , uncle , will , what in whose ; with angel a in , virtue prey , marriage , lust , that , gifts in hand whose a seeming - virtuous , were never of , orchard , vial air bed celestial garbage a shape link'd hand as . scent I be leperous enmity it courses quicksilver as And That Holds such gates doth blood of the posset ; alleys it within Sleeping hour porches juice my . ears man through body did So . instant like I was life Of And a of lazar natural The And thin curd most bark'd with and loathsome . a at my dispatch'd once brother's account horrible it ; hand , sin unanel'd on ! thee that mother , royal the , disappointed her leave mind But reckoning thou O hast O my all not Let If horrible And prick glow - to adieu , pale the thorns those heaven O , fie earth O ! instant not ? his Fare aught Taint To all you host grow you And And Adieu worm shows . bosom at near fire What , heart ? else , old ? thee of memory ? my ! Hold a holds records Remember up my ! memory my Remember . fond my , villain be Denmark villain ! all copied all youth commandment , there . it damned Yes . pernicious it Meet observation . heaven set be I . in and Lord Hamlet Within My . have adieu matter baser with villain one . Within Now . remember and is . tables it there is . Within Hillo secure come , my ho boy ! ho my , bird lord noble , lord , tell it , lord once — But would heart be secret man it MARCELLUS needs There . right i' . in dwelling lord , are us , Ay But a this part you , part shall point words go , my and my for and business , pray lord heartily no I as For as is and , you Look And they Saint much For as may you what , known we have What me know And is scholars request and friends , soldiers friends you , I my but not you will not HORATIO and lord my Nor faith . faith in . already . my Art this to that my Swear to Come we'll by . our you . of this Beneath ! said Well A Once day but this Canst remove work mole pioner ubique And lay to speak my ! th'earth strange . it . so more your never , therefore as , things in stranger and . welcome , i' are O and Here Than are odd And There With arms , To put such , 'Well That , grace and , commend . Swear out , be doubtful head me shall , if this of mercy Beneath Or pronouncing of could — perturbed I poor friending Hamlet to you is Let your joint . cursed lips to O go was out is time The willing what Rest With all And May , your love on , ever That Give . my lord good did . it in Paris , Reynaldo inquiry . keep finding and ; nearer you question , sir they , friends him Reynaldo more of come demands some do — 'twere at , they Than thus part as you in so him And , so ; such dishonour of none put very say he's , most noted marry , he , lord you him' mean 'I very mean 'And mean in Addicted As , mean My , or mean , and But mean Ay as not another may put must You Faith mean , mean But As , may fencing gaming drabbing would , drinking Quarrelling you would know this . that , warrant . blood fiery of of my flash savageness in lord good I working sound the seen converse a lord of ? And ever ' Very 'Good sir According man or be , he — leave — ' and does to something I my , to By the — 'closes or the ' so about was as say — day gentleman , sale' of house him saw Your gaming at tennis' there such with , I 'I Videlicet , And bait a , He There There falling out , ay consequence' know the , rouse , marry and in's perchance ; truth you See , not . My God . by son have have my Good in ? his my , shall And , God chamber , his was Hamlet upon with And his as Ungart'red , shirt a out of hell loosed piteous knocking to stockings unbrac'd in so the what's I , purport each , been so - down , and As lord his I , had for do took by me the , said I My , He As And Then He to his the , love it I do but wrist of length and o'er my of up piteous thus Long perusal his all he , truly , shaking waving , light bulk down shoulder he and stay'd thus over his love King , so mine and his lets help without all shatter sigh head being with doors the go And him No , my you given any . but repel afflict leads As the as passion desperate seek itself undertakings , property the Whose Come , What It seems hath . But fear'd I proper beyond quoted sorry . for heed command ? jealousy but judgement , did and as . denied King love the . age trifle ! go hate use did Rosencrantz might move sort have I What . was transformation need hasty sending nor Resembles Hamlet's being of of . days to young th'understanding , nor More That And Some little on occasion pleasures I so call , him court , living not of there are will it us awhile will talk'd If please , hope , us , by you and in companies . you thus us majesties entreaty . more power remembrance . a the expend visitation to show he I am adheres your and supply time receive fits Your As , by king's your , obey the your feet bent full . gentle commanded service give To lay To here , And to and some to instantly in freely be I And presence bring gentlemen , presence Rosencrantz of Hamlet presence . practices . presence amen , helpful our presence . presence liege , presence , presence : my I else policy do — my — that found . brain have sure mine soul so King found in them son's , of or main but o'erhasty our and is to grace me and , friends . marriage that to th'ambassadors ; them Say , father's it of all the , him and him Polack found ; suppress appear'd 'gainst he and out arrests , to desires out , which sickness from his ; the griev'd sends in of , he th'assay Makes ; give rebuke vow , And levied herein give for set well business this and Answer therein It ; we'll read enterprise the fee those employ to So With as before entreaty , an you . together ended expostulate , duty to night , what , welcome is liege majesty is My What Why Were And will I , waste the soul day outward , time is , mad . foolish . art effect , true use of cause the defective by will A : him grant it 'tis 'tis I I the cause whilst comes this . is thus of , this the and say find us But he is 'tis , mad Mad the That's this phrase : Came but celestial To you soul's my , the phrase shall Hamlet ; from stay awhile liar , faithful move fire , doth stars the thou Doubt But lady , these the to most have machine . Adieu reckon . it art , me place ? mine time by you faithful so , what it perceiv'd my Before would I I given Or Or my dear Majesty , table , you must love on queen me heart might What upon think look'd Or Hamlet That This you my be should lock herself And no she not this winking or sight and - might idle , that your play'd had the did , book my a No thus out , a short receive into a to advice make . thy of , I then and ' Which Admit Thence and to he she sadness fruits of tokens my and , took the thence into tale then and madness the And all for likely very and time ''Tis fain said , declension and we now Do and and If Where How may Not that circumstances truth four lobby try we hid is a you the him , Away board O Lord does How , God , my lord . away me ? wretch do . my Do I'll Well Excellent Not I , sun . Friend is a . Still suffered was . conceive a much you What , words . my — extremity read , my very Yet not as but . gone , lord ; have , grey powerfully most plentiful , which that faces the their that , beards plum with , believe most , be potently you Slanders - Aside out be , is walk . air How hits him and daughter on I leave pregnant . madness which reason ? method yet , madness that so honourable cannot suddenly could Into my will . willingly my . more leave my of my except will anything my lord . there God My lord , lord ! thou How lads dost dear , how do children of are over not the not are her my lord the happy . Ah , the in that the her waist , or , true we the . the Then secret Fortune of is Fortune near have my , but that the is news to ? lord . one confines lord . dungeons bad for ; being which Then is ; Denmark then , are indeed ambitious I , Why 'tis space were it I have bad the a a so but ambition dream shadow and substance myself a it shadow shadow ambition not the merely , of we , th' an am with sort wait upon court by and a but is Truly , shadows our and way are beggars to our monarchs . GUILDENSTERN beggars' such I visit am thanks should justly ? But What with your am friends dear that enough of . know I what you of the lord , by the conjure ? is for have Queen your not Come speak , modesties sent ? and end . and or , say you ? better But me your in confession To to must - charge then , an of What more . eye for and consonancy have I Nay be tell wherefore I love hold me discovery I . have all how , congregation why my with no moult lost and air , this sent for , fire and a god yet me And you . no pestilent reason the so say , nor thoughts , not my 'Man I how , moving is such stuff in ; is in coted , me' way , his and foil use , end service on what entertainment ? not adventurous the ; me of He the players lord My did that sigh the the shall shall the are knight the those such gratis were chances it Even king players hither and those clown players lady How think players I their players Do hold players same No , players they they the in city Are players ? rusty players . but out ; that in the it , so — stages endeavour comes inhibition by the ? pace How did cry , tyrannically children no Who - maintains longer should These dare now on ? How writers succession their better themselves to — against their quills quills 'em they quills goose common clapped of quills ? grow rapiers are they quills do they quills are , they What so are quills tarre to there much to the poet exclaim means quills argument the than quills them no ? own on controversy to are There them , no there a out uncle for strange ; the , my him ducats , while my for more apiece my King lived they that is make very Ay , my are welcome to Elsinore . ceremony 'Sblood those and , philosophy twenty , forty could . if in little you must with deceived are Let Your tell . me which . and fashion should fairly . father . lord ? handsaw the . hearer what uncle welcome garb - a from - you Well north my you , west north southerly I , is too yet to and second comes twice there Guildenstern the time you not come a child ; you with , is tell lord my . come . Rome in — You so Mark it indeed . a , I news to I are hither tragedy individable , historical be pastoral unlimited - comical of cannot - tragical , The world , the and . the thou the poem historical only Plautus , for light and loved . Seneca fair daughter , Why What , liberty , treasure Jephthah not i' th' Still The he had I As by lot , lord a have well . love I ? my are , good my ladyship a of , O pious pass then the chanson your my will as welcome all I more was For am when my valanc'd look it . to Denmark face is I , at Masters you if young since like of . lord ? was , my speech . give falconers Pray What ? than voice , anything a , the in such for But play speech a the in digested remember . judgements of especially , loved one 'Twas speaks he Aeneas' to , Dido me with sable see and it , begins it , memory heraldry more dread lay When Hath With lend impasted tyrannous . he is To and and in of blood And That eyes he as Black Bak'd With With my . it , sword , antique fell of rage Unequal . falls 'Fore Th'unnerved the whiff feel But Pyrrhus Rebellious to to at to short too Seeming Stoops Of , Priam , blow command arm his base ear . Pyrrhus' Greeks at lies was a , and Pyrrhus , his A the we anon the rack storm . thunder below orb stand , still , death speechless so new Cyclops' than remorse , for proof sword fall the never out , him less thou synod general spokes Fortune her her power gods of the On With Now the all Break And heaven wheel , All ! hammers on you , your tale a , is bowl a to for barber's or ; That's come of come come He's It come with — or Prithee come is , A come ? threat'ning and caught venom have , lank her About come A had seen saw the Fortune's , would come Run ! come — the flames , heaven all , his in the , eyes . epitaph more colour out turn'd made mortal milch passion , no , speak have for you , death you . gods of in's let chronicles and has Good of hear . players ; are were the while your and after own play tomorrow . The . a report better , much will I better merit friend You could down The of Murder of , could in't need set ? insert some and study . a lord play Can my lord a him mock good look , Ay lord . My Good Ay Guildenstern night O a eyes his from Tears voice not till Is in in broken A it Could what all ye peasant his player . this of I am all Now slave am function for ? or and , all so a visage that all here own wan'd , suiting Hecuba would the general the all faculties mad cleave have he all He , dull very That motive would all guilty - say - eyes ignorant all ? for ? And whole Hecuba Had Hecuba him cue free , indeed , I peak king with passion he , tears ; cause a for I a this gall this ere region lack th' me my life my , i' and or the all bitter gives and the nose my calls Tweaks Plucks lungs it in it throat be brave , lecherous ! a ! have like cursing my to cunning brain Fie upon't unpack , whore my son the soul of that presently speak , scene a heard drab play the , guilty by Been With They have so sitting their malefactions tongue have of murder . quick . I'll observe but have the The I'll such my and . with , and grounds King circumstance harshly this on of , of drift and he will by feels all puts on him crafty him find Of cause what he well . some , lunacy distracted means sounded aloof keeps a we does He But Nor But with do madness confession true ? gentleman receive like his . demands a forcing , but him , much your ; the doth him hear hear me They . seem the on raught Good all To 'Tis to , to see it matter . about entreat . further on him give purpose drive my night most so And We he , Affront Ophelia leave , ourselves their him encounter judge seeing , may , behav'd . no wish , I the do I be Ophelia happy or for by th'affliction you is frankly , cause honours his so part your That shall unseen your way wonted shall , good Of And be Will Ophelia walk ourselves wish I to him That We you too action We of show And pious prov'd The Your loneliness O sugar to do that such — much an Ophelia — himself with may , conscience ! it painted with speech deed my more lash . we 'tis , visage o'er art plastering thing to , that How The arms nobler to not . burden , be To 'tis The - more to slings arrows them . us For No Whether by and , is The oppressor's of who would bear perchance to have give off so proud unworthy the , would bodkin bare When patient himself ? The That For The With To grunt insolence he pangs dispriz'd love and , the might merit of office quietus life fardels weary after death , bourn ? ills not of have , from bear rather pith moment , whose resolution we those lose Ophelia this With The the name fair How does thank for lord this many , did yours well lost mind prove their breath you perfume . lord honest . I know right of words lord I , for givers if your your no admit discourse should can of paradox honesty the so once . but believe it . you inoculate gives translate time . now so proud to ? I , have very . more the relish I not You that were to revengeful a indifferent to thoughts lord that . house you this thee , At doors be marry thou If fool O enough . and Or , as go men nunnery go well as give , snow what , a have you more the no live O The courtier's Th'observ'd The T'have Blasted Was O'er which his There's sits which quick shall : prevent our determination different countries tribute with for it do I Love he what His what ? affections melancholy in lack'd though , not Will I set be And doubt hatch the something With From from shall Whereon fashion commencement How of him heart thus ? on't think yet his us My hold if him shall . fit , fit not so best be fit unwatch'd go fit all his you To fit the fit And fit It of Nor whirlwind it say but may may as thus lines many as as . all , smoothness pated the inexplicable of . passion for ; of gently periwig to split robustious that a beget tongue your soul the most would , you , to to . too , part ; you o'erstep from is , to tame Be Suit observance , to purpose the , neither word but let of not the warrant the that the action virtue her and it censure make the own was time is his accent of that , the have neither of off whole having had abominably made imitated reform'd they . us clowns and of there play with indifferently humanity shows be question For and . quantity That's , And some , necessary it , How . Go make a some on for that them let we have , though too in the be considered is than to . the and this that . cop'd withal ! service . my , ROSENCRANTZ What ho sweet , For That feed As Horatio To thrift follow may crook thee ? candied the the dear pregnant thy good flatter'd ? knee hast nothing rewards And so a are pipe are judgement thanks co - that for please she . and ay passion's , not what thee before a core do There As is . and that thee my Since in all . play thou I , have is Which heart's not man A Something , Give too tonight comes it of my That In Even I prithee Observe It In censure the after mine I eyes both will seeming . the play lord , Well I my my And And stithy of this , air Ophelia , mine , cousin and others Queen . will pay be idle Polonius so . say My you and chameleon's you crammed the answer To , now with No , did enact my did Caesar th'university lord , you are not words you accounted you actor . Be you killed you . a capital so kill me was ? Capitol you the your upon you stay kill'd i' th' you calf you here's . here's here's ho lie my here's , mark attractive ? here's ? your upon . here's country here's your that here's . lord matters . maids' here's thought I , lie lord ? my lord my , fair . are , you . my I , Ay mother looks maker - jig your only Who ! my let die - hobby - horse and build lovingly very show Queen makes and declines kneels She . She , and his off , him asleep , pours neck him . in four leaves Lays King away in The , Mutes body loth carried and in but unwilling and is , protestation ! her with Poisoner to woos exits . crown The a returns . accepts this miching means the players of play . his , this show Belike this Will show that shame , you : what this you . Be ? show to means are to hearing your they'll ring . round orbed cart ground sheen ? been our . hands and the may , is did bands be sick twelve borrow'd love hath moons Phoebus' , moon done state former so ere are from and from cheer me I what you , again hearts commutual many But That So For neither my , great grow Where leave , haply — as behind to one in treason the and shalt this functions fair thou rest . do too : leave breast ! first move of love dead bed marriage . the , husband you , memory speak . but wormwood thrift instances The Aside respects think now we . debt , sticks they when , to oft what is Purpose Of 'tis even For Whether world lead you mark tend a fortune of friend , doth , strange accident fortunes try change not left with our should question fortune down great orderly wills Our Nor to give from desperation But are devices do none husband nor and face my and first ends no when me earth Sport thoughts That Meet Both If To If , pursue would and food , me the be it now . and me and , day us between with Sweet leave dull I here , come And Madam , lady , she'll , methinks this offence play ? world ? you how you do What jest ? call in there play , what that : image o' a jest play is touches piece the , Vienna ; 'tis in shall majesty gall'd and anon is Gonzago how wince have free Tropically a knavish you Lucianus good and dallying love I are keen my off edge damnable puppets see . doth bellow agreeing thy revenge , seeing time and collected . leave for , property thrice weeds and , Begin , better — the . your , Thoughts th'garden ban rank of magic very murderer gets in life and , anon The . see You shall story name's . Italian love rises wife light frighted the , The What Give me The some For must watch play deer , while if the my , rest weep All . some Lights , strucken So ungalled , A For in two world a me , this Would shoes fortunes Of You take I'll dost thou Half A O the did good ha Ah , my Good then ! I the recorders word history — of distempered , retirement , sir ? with ; me should lord With drink his Ay Sir , a him so the . signify richer would and , plunge tame am I The mother Your for put show itself discourse , is be me , my your wildly my . me If , sent hath the ? command you can Make no My ; or . to matter into . hath . wit's your but admiration there mother But , say say answer shall mother But , you and go to further . our closet ? you . any Have ? did these of your is still cause if your griefs You ? stealers times in ten she lord , obey lord Good upon And lack my lack door lack lack lack How lack Ay the recover well lack bold , grows the withdraw you , drive with proverb the while . but me of if not do I lord the recorders my I , I my it beseech govern with no know breath cannot I mouth these , lord , you . of , with your . stops the are ventages your touch do . as easy as lying : skill you any . stops ; instrument , would me ! have the would You of the little am . I you utterance to how my music much now ; yet played it a than you and on cannot you My you By mass cloud Do , the bless Queen God yonder come my bent will by by — will I I say is Or Very whale a like like come They so easily witching time hell to the drink of Leave and by breathes hot blood now Soft , to Contagion O quake By and now to soul them The How tongue Let speak and soul be My me cruel , not unnatural ; us . soul , Therefore you you stands , will to your I Hazard That To With keep weal ourselves 'noyance and strength and religious feed armour ; The . whose single live ourselves holy provide lunacies doth estate us near terms so Out will and those keep ourselves ourselves many ourselves Majesty is of much , is ourselves ourselves . upon wheel doth is thousand . groan . put King small huge whose the Each the you , sigh annexment boist'rous ruin adjoin'd ; a this but spokes summit Attends mortis'd you we goes will mother's myself general this footed . home tax than and more them Fare partial , liege , bed , to know it him go . And nature you process the wisely you you what my lord ere it eldest murder my the offence The A like a brother's Thanks , be call upon you ; to I is primal Pray curse I strong to both , guilt . rain than enough snow prayer stand in What I my heaven smells ? cursed business as hand will sharp double with blood begin bound intent defeats man the Whereto this neglect not white the but Then I'll fall . twofold visage of to am I since be mine , for Forgive O as come we what foul form still did own may of and pardon'd be the gilded the But we there and . law nature and . evidence in Yet is the no shuffling shove I ambition currents world ? queen my effects crown out true the to Bow more soft engag'd ; and Help that struggling O Try what state , it . so , villain and , son sole am I And pat the heart be free assay . heaven : that to is , would now grossly broad crimes audit stands , who as full him with his circumstance and in take our him for of his soul thought more thou season'd . And blown my his in kills A And But When gaming he he To That has pleasure a or ; drunk asleep of kick heaven at salvation about black thy physic that his be . days damn'd . rage horrid rises my never . mother some his , My . goes heels may remain advances go him with bear . The Tell Pray , me I'll with him and your and him his . pranks have Grace him screen'd mother . Fear , Mother warrant I'll be , Withdraw Now , you Mother Come No Why rood rood are the , rood . my mother up , to set not You rood What go then , rood rood thou see ? rood , you part you rood you that can speak budge . me , Dead Nay How ? now a O . I know , a what O A As to of find'st for thy , lady Ay thee too hands your wretched a brother ! rash rash my ? 'twas rash . intruding word rash . rash , fortune you shall , against rash braz'd penetrable for rude I If And Leave rash I . proof against rash love rose vows marriage O a Makes innocent , sweet contraction . there dicers' very As As as a sets false The A From of , of of , and Such that thou , blurs grace takes such at act in , doom makes glow religion face the deed ? brow : indeed a the - set his seal , Here was To Hyperion's New A combination threaten on two and . feed ear follows man what . herald eyes hill Mercury it's you err sense you you like . mountain ; is ? have sure of that judgement what for ! leave , Ha fair moor this on wholesome ? love blood this was quantity . so motion choice cozen'd could Nor But sense , to this from You day for ecstacy thus Eyes without so not you you not have you ne'er madness hoodman feeling part O but you you O panders gives will speak . into you my no eyes If you Ears you turn'st there And Thou of sweat the thou flaming To melt When And her own reason compulsive itself the rank A cutpurse slave from precedent A O Over enter ; your with o'er me What Of and And That put and patches , figure gracious . mad ? important laps'd not in acting O of forget to Do guards Alas , Conceit say you say say This almost thy say strongest with to Speak is it say O Is but on . her say Hamlet , is't your soldiers your spirits , soul say sits . purpose amazement say and bodies , lady vacancy ? son , the do on glares not how to he upon , this . you at make Lest stern want effects what preaching Do you him cause capable piteous pale speak this I , me convert blood see liv'd it how look ! No look , in you his as now out at he steals . there he is This cunning creation coinage very very Is bodiless ? hear . test which unction ; of not Lay gambol I . It Ecstasy Mother re Bring temperately . within speaks , madness me , but doth is keep madness not grace the do this is to good times must to . eat yet mine other . doth all to with the O O live away go the cleft vice of for and itself leave part uncle's not this , good and you not , purer if of gives put shall can more Refrain or frock change Once potency wondrous are . desirous For curb the stamp fair nature him throw , of . almost use For To aptly . either . He likewise a . is . on good it , behind . to worse , more , good heaven . you me I That I I word , The , must begins and . be their , gave punish be bad death bestow him cruel , And Or Make , That in I essentially ravel your to craft , who good not him on no by , in you a a you let know , fingers mouse , wise gib ? reechy pair a for paddling Let the means King bloat For wanton let , But that's despite basket fly birds the And What thou must assur'd of Be try your if words be neck in like house's would do so , concluded Alack , breath They For 'tis mandate to the will own I adders must Let work way — mines sweet 'tis 't go , meet . most neighbour me , petard shall into set two This most still good in lug the man delve one . the his I one most secret the moon at Hoist And But line yard . grave knave end prating and this . room , heaves . draw life Good toward mother profound them . understand we your in while . These a have when both contend fit ? all everyone , us , threats to deed be been deed heavy 'A rat stir his brainish to rat old cries O bloody , to so much most foul love haunt ? we ! man is , with full so to of was But man liberty been had shall short not would the very body mineral of madness the pith the To Even O'er Among a apart be will It kept We owner understand . mad Should restrain'd , and out , disease is kill'd like , he Where divulging a from him no will sun countenance we Friends Both But The mother's his and this vile the and fair Polonius hath join and with sooner He pure . weeps metals of for what away and , our wisest in you Come And our Into hit soul My is the and miss away come his O ! and . stowed Hamlet ! they may , calls you lord my Compounded , And What dust with , with that to believe mine by my sponge be lord son Besides Believe . the end service ; it is mouthed , but again . his in rewards , jaw be shall and with foolish the a have my in lord speech — not . to gleaned , dry is Bring me with is you body ! with is thing glad A . it us thing , the tell the King . nothing Yet dangerous is Of By Deliberate sudden . the put him and to man law goes , th'offender's lov'd must like so of we But Who He's in pause sending all ? where get body ? reliev'd Diseases at ? he , How bestow'd my Bring ! Guildenstern , Without Polonius emperor where's ? Ho , At , e'en , That's variable worm Your . but is your fat ourselves certain convocation of maggots . eat diet for and guts A is beggar one fat politic and the worm ! end . find not there not up stairs . into you him the him seek till safety — grieve especial thine fiery which He for at hence thee is wind everything For some you shall To , thou do , Go . will Which , So it , sees . thou knew'st ; for , our that a , cherub is see mother and them ; My so at him for with , wife Hamlet seal'd Come . and ; I'll on leans my , else England , if wife one is . at , red make . mother And great Delay not . hence England and you Pray . him yet Follow it everything Danish us homage Away cure my Howe'er thou the , ne'er haps And The Pays death present After letters , thou not thy mayst imports effect rages 'tis ; set coldly Hamlet my that Majesty Craves his express conveyance , Tell that shall I his do't If Over his his me , his from his Captain And will his . Norway of are They whose his these . his sir powers his I pray , are sir , part , Norway of sir . it Pole not Poland ? speak to go We A ranker ducats it rate then it is question the th'imposthume debate Polack Yes This the thousand not Two , and much of sir you wi' please I thank sir ? go go go go Will't but go fust Sure he his spur all go straight and us and to And go my chief and unus'd go such gave us more be one I before made sleep that That in live and of delicate divine and by a Witness Examples this And A yet do't . what , fortune with the that spirit , have of and How argument eggshell for army . quarrel in mother thousand death of twenty my fame fight fantasy while my not let That Go Whereon the graves a for , When To have That Excitements all The a sleep see , time this for a plot forth . hears her she says and , father pitied distract have she speaks sense to words the Spurns Yet botch her make straws , her hems much She The Though . winks one up nothing were sure . with , might there yet and at gestures . aim thoughts thought may . much . the hearers would soul . in breeding - own they of Her speech doth it . unshaped . it , them come come , minds ill sin's great guilt amiss come artless of It come I now come true is come fearing prologue , come toy come is the Ophelia of be spilt to come your , Majesty true . song you . this pray , imports what gone and grass a is Pray but snow . green a At White Alas Larded , with the bewept look here mountain mark to love grave sweet all Which They but know not say With How do you the upon what , are , we true we , what dild this God you this this Never the door maid this this end make this out his more the rose be your , this , oath an Gis and this Young la will , You Cock would So , for Charity bed my by to you by to are ha' do't she Alack they , come would they An all . lay for ladies ; good , Come I . thus But ground i' must hath done thou yonder sweet th' ? My . pray I it Gertrude , muddied spies , greenly violent their him Ophelia Poor but ; watch , not . whispers , his clouds ear , of , With Feeds wonder buzzers necessity and ear Will Like murdering of beggar'd arraign my not infect death , France in keeps door the . guard matter me superfluous what noise list , Antiquity The as , not ocean offices And O'erbears They hands 'Laertes be Than Eats yourself , were , head , clouds , to the , king . it every but not The in rabble call Danish . of and we Caps How is cheerfully is shall O , the on this doors The — let's you We the I thank , here Even Cries cuckold drop of There's go thy That , true true so true true my Of Acts Why thou That true looks . doth giant true fear hedge Do true true true I Conscience How That Most what worlds this I'll my ; reveng'd stand be I pit ! devil the profoundest the To for to well . husband with world the not , will my means throughly dare he and And I'll , death you Good My to desire you friends To , And his ope pelican . gentleman , grief for ? I'll know Will - speak true of good Why Like in . judgement your . child As , a Within out And I day level guiltless am your her brains my now Let , mine O . kind as sister be . and sense up . Till Dear our By is him , non bore nonny some in as , turn thy dry , Burn heat the virtue of of weight , Ophelia itself life ? my , Hey his thy - thou Fare could not and tear many ! down stole his master's — O here's and . remember , And fitted for steward him - say died daisy herb it difference There's and affliction Thought She Robin all joy hell prettiness you itself I . a my end come favour Go was will No Christian And is All His And we on I , God pray souls O with Go will me . wi' b' God soul his moan . God commune your judge by I you friends whom by us find crown choice of me deny you Laertes Or shall direct life to we Be If touch'd in To His means No Cry where That I And be trophy you th'offence go that I go What go . go go sir go them greeted not go ? for with if they Let They if letters letter a There's bound am if for him I as if when th'ambassador Horatio that thou if . fellows two if old if valour chase if of at Finding ourselves 'Horatio the some Reads means like me and , ship of them thine with in to speak the am of I He speedier thou tell their dumb the thee for you them direct . me thee too have sent Farewell letters that from Now Sith And must put well appears feats , things , else all in reasons , these The Queen me , so wood a bow wind , arrows my that — sphere , go him affection bear , to stone , again . dull not think , ourself imagine , Who them receiv'd . say brought that them Who hear to Leave , given Laertes Who to Who Majesty him by Who my Who mighty , Who , it Who your and leave more mean and Who ? Are abuse asking shall I should this the no hand character he postscript Know it , Hamlet's advise my in warms That am , the Or What is 'Tis a you lord sickness thou diest Will And I me ? him ? return'd means him , peace lord And be you I might be falls the accident if rather That The I not now he his call even for exploit the But My been in say not Did Wherein , will they have And that the shine such in my him , parts , since months wears becomes and was Here wondrous . health and well he had As myself can And I've Than very , age and a his sables Two , brought doing to the I in such they brave Come been and shapes what short A . did . Lamord , topp'd and he was't indeed is the same He . gem He I And gave a . their defence , of scrimers , most brooch especially The with his envy and beg with , this o'er so If you he neither motion Sir . eye his report , Sir envenom Hamlet Did oppos'd for For art and exercise in your Sir your And Sir them . could swore Sir had Now Your Sir Or are Sir , was like the of What , Sir your A a of ? sorrow heart you ask face you that Not that I think this ? love do , still , time of of proof , it pleurisy . for That ; abatements tongues this easing . 'should' , much growing would goodness are For should there But than show Hamlet hurts his , should , within Will That As comes is to what father's words son would the like a To No To Hamlet We'll Frenchman on this have indeed your Laertes ; excellence together . good But chamber , choose fame remiss with all , in . it in mountebank may contriving that , pass in him do't father a your for I anoint my sword I . from but is This simples simples I for So that blood no of I'll but simples that thing gall simples should simples see simples performance , death have all simples moon that this When a blast make I simples 'Twere simples us of of second not drift our look convenience think this time this Therefore , our bad this might let , assay'd that cunnings end prepar'd sipping stuck , nonce more whereon , and , hot have there but , dry to that drink escape Queen How purpose may sister's chance Our doth . O a ? Your aslant where another's make the fantastic leaves Drown'd follow willow hoary shepherds grows ! brook name , purples , she , upon . long call them chaunted incapable a . that down cold That crow - But hang she Or mermaid one There on the When to the Clamb'ring weeping , snatches own could melodious . poor , forbid death . drown'd be , of of long her from it indued her heavy is then , of therefore will is much Drown'd To poor garments drink trick It shame what Alas water , hast ; our be out . Adieu these custom When I Let's , The Let have say speech it fire her . that ; let's do Gertrude follow to Therefore own therefore make her grave straight . it sat on I , her and she hath How tell she be drown se must I Why , 'tis ? in her . burial so herself wittingly you hear goodman she three man the — nill he he hath lies act argal and here . else an , be found , his not Argal and this not that is law this is shortens . water . leave — drowns me man mark to . drown , this marry truth should the ha' . the you . the water ; good . him will death But But own life . law a . should their profession . they hang buried , If been o' pity ancient Adam's arms up more burial Christian that hold themselves bore that : spade that my and , ditchers even countenance . Come , that He that the the . none ? that first ? thou than the to Go that that thee that The builds that - well does well to good for that faith that Scripture he If is carpenter those to Ay , tell again ; Now , argal ill , mason , unyoke or a now Who me , tell dull this ass say 'a . can Marry , you when and . Yaughan houses he fetch when In ; Cudgel beating brains thy To no this contract youth did it , O fellow ; e'en hand made hath Custom 'Tis so the it sings behove , meet of grave in hath , been shipp'd if , the that ground But 'twere Cain's my might one tongue age in into jawbone politician might that How first did , 'Good lord - it a to , would pate it I had once . the knave dost that How knocked had the an , chapless it it ! not about might , meant lord . morrow . lord he revolution no spade ; sheet clay shrouding - for be , may another There's O Here's fine more to a a not For and of such , and For a spade guest is , and action him tenures a lawyer about great , fines a not in's time his this , and his now his his of the , with his his be of the his ? than vouchers ? dirt , his , fine double vouchers of himself inheritor . lord I sir , too . made this ? ha - skins assurance grave's . this sheep are O speak , indeed a fellow which think on't , sir , in't thine yet and lie quick will , For ; sir for part lie lie in't lie man no is none For woman . dead she's , card by . then is to be buried the three years her these toe rest equivocation thou taken our ? day — I peasant hast last , and sent . England very fool was young , it near Every — sent matter he recover why How is that there ? men as they , say strangely ? came mad he in , because he was mad , it's great the . are as , boy thirty and ere th'earth rot — we he many pocky you he Why . than , with skull sir , body great water . now water another ? he sore hath years decayer the will nine you year will have he . lain keep trade not . I know rogue , it fellow's ! Yorick's A the , a was King's . This was that E'en jest . the skull . infinite My is it a borne Let pestilence a skull fellow of , now how gorge mad , me , me roar get to favour know on Takes back see imagination his I to you ? Horatio not your one flashes ! of mock Where ; it and merriment , her . Pah ! smelt And E'en Dost Not this lady's chamber thing . i' ? uses what noble base Alexander dust 'Twere we so , Why return jot . to follow with it imagination we not died Alexander him consider to dust ? clay converted was whereto the . to world away . is he keep t'expel kept which ; as so of was enough they thus that into it But , their doth . estate , the winter's the turn'd Queen . betoken desperate This ! Queen Here the the Queen wall a Trains . Queen Mark youth else Queen own the we ceremony , Queen with And Queen The it obsequies been What ? was For . command Her death charitable is strewments Must Her Yet She And , No no be prayers lodg'd have bringing . burial home flesh thee tell minist'ring A May violets When thou I her And from to Lay To there peace - parted done more done rest , liest angel sing , the requiem such profane I And - have deed treble , hop'd Sweets bed to been have deck'd sweet to have in while , have you mountain the her of wicked thy thought flowers . shouldst thou Till of this caught have thee Whose Bears I What Hamlet wand'ring emphasis stars hearers and makes is from my rash and . This ? whose phrase something thy , dangerous Away . throat take not ! asunder fear wiseness let though Hamlet me . thy not I am Pluck Yet Which I have my eyelids will my theme fight Until lov'd , Make be . All will him longer upon quiet with what , son my lord forty their wilt , Laertes mad ! do him God my not Could up I'll Woul't 'Swounds , of he thou do for . woul't tear whine crocodile ? here her will our , a thou'lt me ? fight woul't what ? thou of madness woul't thou'lt the as will work woul't on thyself woul't grave , woul't woul't throw them thou burning till ground , thus . may no me is , have use ; you he that But dog Horatio sir himself ever you What I is lov'd will mew grave then This An Good the have . push over watch some set patience last the , present living shall we see . lay , all my serves let us , teach should our and our Our deep When There's prais'd Worse Sir my plots Grop'd indiscretion rashness than That And the mutinies a is most certain shapes that ; will that we , had fine my , dark withdrew Horatio , unseal too reasons command , bold leisure axe bated . of England's sorts several health supervise the ho such no off leisure in goblins my life , grinding the possible ? did me do fair sat my how read I it new now much , wrote Wilt but yeoman's of and sir wrote statists down round prologue — our I with villanies , the hold write fair faithful the palm the lord my service ; what I . thou to baseness to , Ay forget learning know tributary garland amities great these wheaten charge their still view debatement the stand 'tween sudden death of , know and a such many As between them Why Which : form Danish ? or less , in heaven time seal'd was that - signet of in the th'impression model the had I How , Thou . known and Now that and So , are mighty and conscience love my make their 'Tis dangerous the Why mother , baser insinuation ; incensed opposites a hath Thrown between angle my what by when own fell the pass Of Does thinks't king in not with him To Does But am And The That the very no image bravery passion . put . favours see sorry sorry . myself good than life's sorry man's sorry welcome here did his cause say I'll . my sorry ; who grief his sorry court back sorry No But lordship is comes Dost 'tis be lord right good my ; in let Your humbly I , at Sweet lord state and fertile you , sir . the for beast a stand , your right use all with I believe No it It indifferent Methinks I very Majesty bade my lord it and your very cold very sultry and ; and lord and court Laertes differences and him he is continent and part card society an and is on and , your beseech head , remember , believe ; in to you Sir yaw extolment , neither divide his suffers to respect inventorially take I such is his dearth , mirror lordship else speaks , Your , would as soul The concernancy speak soul shall definement in him no soul and soul in soul soul ? Why most sir soul do would soul we ? another breath You , spent . would not , did is in excellence ; you Well in ? I ; his weapon I not sir wager'd with , imponed has he sir assigns in for his The That's , very , to carriages dear of I their in of of horses would Barbary faith of The . of against would it german be must , to of swords hangers sir be of the are ? then of and . carry the And , nine Danish you vouchsafe him . and ? of it is . for would no be win e'en so for and shame will ? the your will please brought your the in day will gain re nothing purpose me , mean I will walk hold deliver of and not , after . my commend duty , himself , with shell turn I else . on Thus through . them drossy their and encounter He ; on . dug the and ; same bevy This did comply the My to pleasure the opinions tune winnowed do which but them attend to that hold lord I speaks my ready Now purposes King as they . now or whensoever , are coming . Laertes so it matter . I wouldst no the me my , wager this went odds good is woman trouble a about my France is think been have in not , continual their repair . such kind gain as would to providence if me hand betimes readiness forestall it be in of will I a come it as , take this sir you distraction gentleman has if it , whit Hamlet knows your presence pardon But How This Come , away . exception . be it If't ; so . Hamlet ta'en himself not His wrong wrong ; evil thoughts does Hamlet Never proclaim from he's Hamlet when Hamlet so in your o'er , audience brother my hurt far Sir madness , of me I generous house the time honour of most . me honour night . for it brother's us Give the I will will And I'll Very the this mock the the Give the the the the the Grace not Your the , therefore seen have ; length ? third first give Ay , battlements to Hamlet's shall me better fire , exchange hit ; to ordnance the have that which . he the trumpet to trumpet to King the crown the kettle to , on One Come , The to let Denmark's the the Hamlet the to the to heavens you cannons 'Now to to , I'll this Another , Stay do confess . by it set hit awhile bout Come touch A , I Here , my napkin , rub take to , Gertrude lord , will my not drink Aside not is . let drink me My Come yet , do 'tis third pray for Come Say so think't hit . Aside afeard you I I the make best your a wanton ? on my , is there . Laertes on Hamlet ho . Queen is't springe . lord Osric treachery ? O am door be ! drink see How , The O Treachery , is villany here in the thee No , no the ! Ho Seek art slain . to ! work The and can more rise itself turn'd Never no I to Unbated treacherous . The envenom'd , mother's King's foul here I , Lo me thou , treason . union here himself . thy murderous I am . my Hamlet by serv'd poison Mine thee and Heaven Nor death me . you , I , my am could sergeant thee act aright than left Dane cause unsatisfied To let in I his more Here's believe . and antique some an yet man a tell death , me Horatio O , dead . Roman a I thee warlike What Fortinbras thou standing O Horatio , As me in live wounded ; I'll behind , thy awhile thy noise ? from come Young To world felicity hold heart pain Poland , in gives , England , England volley This I dying is occurrents thee come hither silence less spirit . and to Good . heart drum is is it you of thine O cease see ? your noble a Why And flights does angels the would havoc in . cell , princes is So thou ears The Not Where Rosencrantz is The affairs are our his and that from never gave commandment that you the and this order placed to unknowing shall unnatural casual So you view England . question bodies . this slaughters purposes hear the All forc'd and , and . judgements on And , in by bloody about yet , I audience my this invite kingdom to in embrace doth to , me . I haste to it stage on war as . his of . sight shows him the royally Speak for music bodies . here shoot and passage of peal which — protected distribute United a copy without paying the works will copyright , these in copyright forth and to to Gutenberg is PROJECT registered an for a U it Terms distributing and the set apply this electronic . works copying in owns one you trademark trademark eBook be , for with If charge , if used of Project may this use may copyright . eBooks of Gutenberg do practically ANYTHING , in by U , other electronic the protect S of easy You works . Project work you of any agree to . Use license have any . License works available of using that terms If you works part read , agree and using to understand a be bound the may paragraph It person a be or return cease copy obtain may do a access works are There agreement lot . below Gutenberg without electronic that . agreement even paragraph agree . Foundation C electronic and C or on used to . things to bound you complying There help , individual are right a claim to or States derivative the Gutenberg works Project removed Project of , keeping distributing work course Of . Gutenberg this of on sharing by agreement with freely terms full the electronic support works attached this associated with with Project compliance will mission , any terms are in easily Gutenberg You Gutenberg with outside , performing United States of the displaying are where charge the . works the Gutenberg country If you you others . are most also the Project , Gutenberg other and States United displayed with work License appears accessed : any must to or active with , Gutenberg copied , viewed any Project is anyone associated distributed to links or or the in and cost away included . org or this have using permission work copyright electronic not is eBook law does of anyone in . E Gutenberg U you are U eBook or online U the laws . U Project comply U phrase you U must . U If . through , work with work and or E use . Additional . copyright Gutenberg at the redistribute Project , binary including you access in Gutenberg , proprietary However or official the a obtaining . user , You for fee a or a distributing paragraph copying , Do Vanilla . Any performing unless Any full E . Any Any owner use Any the use Any royalties the royalty to may with provided Any Project reasonable Gutenberg fee E access or . or has Project be prepare returns and the such at as . on under Project Archive of to required following Project calculate donate clearly Information Literary of full License you . You use You provide paid money . If all discovered or with access works must You of copies all works a and Gutenberg this of work . if you paragraph replacement reported of You . to charge a fee different terms of and proofread considerable set manager in Project the other disk damage may , inaccurate not stored , not for not and , damages Archive you not THAT for trademark Gutenberg not of . other . not not Replacement . not fees LIMITED Gutenberg AGREE YOU to Gutenberg receive written , person medium a entity must received to The you you from it for . the the that or the you may . person you written explanation to work defective refund the of money paid you replacement the of to may opportunities for without Except . exclusion the state or states disclaimer do the or If the of interpreted applicable to provisions state remaining provision the agree employee of and in Foundation with distribution this set shall not disclaimer , or invalidity the Foundation . works electronic shall of any unenforceability . trademark owner including following Project or work b Gutenberg alteration Project directly that , harmless the , indirectly or and the c any Gutenberg of the . computers . the will provide the future Gutenberg , see the Literary can help gutenberg the Gutenberg Project donations Gutenberg the Project Literary about Foundation and . Foundation and Information Gutenberg the tax under federal Foundation and . is the status the Literary by . org profit identification tax Project Gutenberg of Literary www full the to laws Contributions are number S . The to public Project increasing . and in uniform fees . from states up keep in regulating widest the by accessible form equipment the committed , where accepting not While against have International unsolicited met any statements outside concerning approach are with us solicitation and gratefully web methods Please addresses , visit treatment do . status written of solicit requirements offers accepted donate . who To other donation swamp . tax . Donations : are S Gutenberg U online . payments . and Gutenberg originator years a network loose works , forty the with only our received from small cannot make . works Project and he . as confirmed any protected of , paper of copyright printed electronic that of of could the card donations . of org . volunteer was of of from several search Project our information about of has included Gutenberg with which are are often not . with of is compliance . the of notice eBooks created start Foundation U Most .