! Barnardo ? the live Stand . Stand there Who's Stand Stand hour cold Stand , Stand . Stand guard a mouse night , Francisco your bitter , Who there Dane the to to you , you is this good soldier honest , Say what of Welcome good . there him Marcellus A , piece has not let twice seen of us . of him the again eyes and of come awhile seen assail have our nights against two we let Well And That again , us so down And let same his it bell off . Marcellus burns Look it The In the same thee art Looks Thou figure then . heaven myself part of dead . that's , to a scholar Most Together usurp'st and majesty Did sometimes march that Question it , It me like It harrows time warlike form . fair heaven buried away it I charge By which What ! Stay ! Is ! my Before this and , eyes King ? avouch ! pale ? and Is When smote on hour . I thought martial With twice In some the bodes and gross sit now Good stalk Why But This , strict of most tell scope gone know my our opinion . knows state observant , land and , labourer that the for sore . task week the with - inform . Our to which our this the to so For Dar'd Did image Was Which to Was Against stood gaged he Had Well he combat on by in life moiety had conqueror those heraldry all the esteem'd him seal'd , young design'd sir hot , Now of been in fell His Hath Well it this So Is post it no of motive , unto appear of And those watch strong , e'en but sort through it that our . well to the compulsatory But by source armed most ere trouble question watch other haste - Comes A mote In squeak The Did As the in Disasters Was And whose like precurse the dead ; streets sheeted fell and Julius the Upon influence doomsday still Neptune's the moist , comes it demonstrated Stay use be earth ! earth earth me earth avoid country's the O happily Speak to , thing me Speak any and earth may to . earth thou Which Or Extorted they you Stay it , strike it if it ! 'Tis stand ? 'Tis I of it , not of , malicious air show the sounding throat or , the his warning , hies , crew mockery morn , stir , wholesome , nor , they say bird are hallow'd takes fairy nights then The And Wherein This object cock crowing season dare is in russet high have upon will my seen speak him acquaint shall us for we and by life , fitting with it him . duty our conveniently . and I most pray Laertes him find shall To That we so contracted now warlike defeated our to jointress sometime one With we , Together far hath funeral wife in in that woe ; kingdom befitted , nature with of ourselves state dropping joy , freely all nor delight this , along thinking with not Or Holding With as 'twere one with and weighing which of dear out advantage with So with surrender father hath . of disjoint late his is of frame death our young , Fortinbras of law lands much have young uncle and herein bed Norway To lists further , Our our He Giving these the King , more allow than personal greeting no VOLTEMAND will . duty scope our your CORNELIUS it things dilated the . farewell , thou . what's heartily we . father ? asking is't Dane , Denmark to , return I in duty toward that coronation pardon ; done to . to lord leave , bend willingly to came your confess again and seal'd you beseech thy fair hour Upon his laboursome lord And My He , And will I By give him last . kind you go be time Laertes it Hamlet spend leave hard consent to at my graces Take thy a with noble ever clouds than A little And , like that more , like i' friend the in nighted like am lord Hamlet thine know'st 'tis for Do like common nature is , good solemn black , like , not like seems like . grief , nature suits passeth might , river and commendable To must father to the in mourning lost his your duties your trappings of in the visage These haviour of your man have the but But that actions . show woe ; to nature , unschool'd unmanly a is 'Tis incorrect and a , our we ? most of fault it the 'This to any know vulgar a fault theme opposition as to thing 'tis peevish in most must understanding be fathers first As You with no most father so of , be reason To death for , We he still hath throw to , us take love his intent , your remain , desire Wittenberg to and woe the , I back beseech the courtier stay thee , not Let pray , in loving her of , and madam reply come our , you bend and chiefest thy Be health rouse King's the the speaking earthly and This No great jocund to gentle thunder the ; accord of Hamlet today , Madam . Denmark unforc'd my But that heart cannon the , shall come rank it That king so loving to and flat on't me How Or self Thaw that weary Seem to it grows ! Fie months So I Must two me With beast on't — Frailty , were ! on and Heaven . she hang grown within would , Why increase , followed those thy had a , body poor discourse with like month eyes . to , come must . I Hail hold to to . flushing brother yet salt , longer to the most Hercules . mourn'd in wicked a my father ; Within galled good lordship your . for nor such . her . I heart , you , friend name from Wittenberg . my good But what I Sir , you lord truant make ear your you know I do it you not would I am what what mock see see to was do I came think , to My We'll But you , Would father My had furnish Horatio . The it tables in foe my ? a was . that dearest bak'd funeral . heaven Horatio goodly all king , He once man the father father Who I think ear I may King my , attent Upon Marcellus encounter'd exactly slow In Armed thus at before fear them by them A and : surprised of him did the , time good distill'd , and ; both in This fear thrice solemn - pie true they your like we . father away , methought yet and ; you the watch troubles true did speak . duty me ? toe foot to , head top , saw his ? his you lord not wore sorrow he anger . he in . eyes Most look'd ? red . amaz'd you there constantly his Nay , a might would While Very with MARCELLUS moderate one It like have , like very and BARNARDO . will itself should , life it silver'd A it to If be , silence hap but no shall tongue ; still sight you gape again . in in in ! in men's deeds foul , in in eyes will were come . give Farewell . soul my earth the hear from do , that of doubt you ; nature primy in toy of the and , sweet suppliance No and in a , For thews and The In of And Think more no so grow temple soul and this you besmirch fear , do birth not his depends state is on if so Then yielding particular and sustain songs his list honour you unmaster'd your with Then give the Or May Whereof or or or Fear or in oft canker galls their blastments And The keep , To his , the or Too itself she or Ophelia chariest unmask And or Youth safety , good do treads reckless in , the of calumnious . near But puff'd And But , O Whilst the too I shall my as a and to this . heart of ungracious thorny dalliance of own . rede my grace ; shame for comes . libertine , father , is fear stay double are stay'd a , means hoops adoption thy thought thoughts thy my of in no with comrade unfledg'd palm in , Beware . entertainment of steel blessing being of thy few but reserve beware may quarrel thy but , thy can . act his by and as fancy of apparel France oft ; but rich proclaims that man man's Costly Take But Give express'd thy not And And This Are above must : Most time invites you ; my , my be follow Thou keep memory lock'd . key servants false then I take do and you ? said . it well the What touching to late . on the he something is't told of Have So please you What you be it If you behoves between is your private Given 'Tis you Marry , audience so that you ? you Of ! Affection As not way my you do it you Do you , lord ; not Which speak I Or to , speak these for fool speak green girl you as perilous such his Pooh speak speak a . them , speak phrase more pay importun'd call speak it me go , me with love , of woodcocks , how these vows to all almost With Giving tongue light promise , blazes do soul , the prodigal : heaven know . rate he is in making , walk ; higher . For a your it heat catch to springes , the more in You Set something their must not Lends the And be beguile . implorators dye his much in parley of scanter ; Be Than ; of like to so ; terms the any with I ; shall , come . talk my , Have shrewdly nipping hour ; bites It I then walk struck season ? wake his wont this the , rouse his Rhenish thus of draughts drum drains and triumph a of his pledge ? am native kettle as The , marry headed tax'd of with indeed ; addition pith oft So From our clepe Makes More their some birth o'ergrowth nature vicious , marrow , pales of though down their though Since for habit say , though cannot choose they of forts of pure though as — or though that in Shall though From Doth all Being Carrying Or By plausive else virtues As Nature's I form , of breaking Oft by , the fault his lord , it comes of spirit scandal substance To the noble , my of heaven ! take The dram grace . defend or health wicked charitable call I'll , from , hell shape thee O in marble in quietly thee cerements bones op'd saw ponderous ! again may jaws moon should What our of corse , thus thee we their Hath cast That night horridly ? the away did action it more a you To what to But do , No waves Look if some it speak ; will . follow I lord the . follow I'll , cliff the flood the thing a me And I do waves What for Why , Do not my be as dreadful assume very so more place some the his toward tempt beetles there summit into sovereignty ? of into , horrible , the , reason Or brain sea . to roar me still . it lord my hands go . not , out shall I'll follow thee . your in lion's the this nerve gentlemen your that me him your — am , say your As And Still By your your hardy Let's follow Have after He rotten 'tis To , I'll him follow ; Something Whither wilt hour render When Must to Mark . thy tormenting , Alas I lend to bound unfold hear thou shalt . when am what poor , Speak Pity not hearing serious night , house young their thy , blood part spheres word - in walk fires fast spirit the , my done day foul for Doom'd And each didst ever blazon particular eyes knotted Like of most foul it . to the eternal this quills blood upon But thou List thy and Revenge But this Haste , with ; find in me to most foul , foul as , in strange that the and , the best I of thoughts know't As duller That , shouldst revenge the Hamlet fat weed hear , apt be itself rots out not 'Tis a that ; forged but Now know O wears did , his , that of , prophetic ! soul , beast gifts the queen there — traitorous that , witchcraft , me it Upon lust Will And sate virtue a angel bed orchard , link'd heaven will poor to and of was , mov'd ; body through my within hebenon my the of leperous in My Upon juice the my secure of quicksilver distilment with porches such swift gates The natural Holds with , a The The Most was All - my even Thus life , of , Of off reckoning ! imperfections Unhous'led With not in thee , bear head ; hand , crust , of once , my to damned account , my , to let this act soul bosom well thee . Remember near adieu 'gins glow prick A Let thou If To Adieu you adieu of hell couple , sinews poor , my globe from distracted ! O fie grow , O ? O And I But wipe of That thy books commandment pernicious it villain most matter volume shall live , all forms . smile I least with saws the And , All villain O At My Within My lord lord . I smile and , Meet be may , remember ' my ! secure it , ho , How , boy ho my lord ? noble , reveal heaven lord my I No Good is't , it it all Denmark . from ; knave dwelling an he's arrant this ghost no There a needs You as but as your every , it hath are us shake and without These it is Such are wild they Yes no offence Patrick . is't you offence you desire to ghost too Saint by Yes , And is an For O'ermaster't As much request , is tonight . not , in . indeed sword stage the sword , I faith . already truepenny . seen sword . Art fellow to oath thou hear , that of Swear Beneath speak ubique Never Never mole old lay your of Swear to that i' fast friends welcome — some or disposition me , shall never meet you But , so shall think - head heaven at pronouncing or 'We this on , it and philosophy bear note do , help and if shake , to you ; So me gentlemen , it cursed ever time The That , still Nay go together Reynaldo . and O lips Let . fingers to born , let's joint your lack on . inquiry do you his him You Marry , how And , and Of visit My Enquire said well I marvellous wisely , behaviour , will I ; and finding keep ; they more and do Reynaldo him this some encompassment , who company What well my drift distant will you ; and , lord friends may take wanton such But As sir may forgeries please and are companions youth , As and if't But in What As so 'And Addicted You Quarrelling Ay open the Of assault But A flash they not Faith Wherefore my lord good my , believe , is this ; would you him , that . of fetch a little you soil'd sullies slight these I Ay Mark , seen with you so the man good I does , Of to Very then According ' closes , 'Good , 'friend I closes At or in , the : thus there : or in's and ; you marry ! gentleman of See know or consequence' , t'other , you house a so takes of wisdom such tennis' this of sale' now ; forth and with falsehood do we windlasses With b' My his shall , been ? knocking of God in head upon hat No My Hamlet what With lord as , have in with he Mad thy his , and his with was , his my name . hell stockings so knees each purport of out it fear gyved loosed me me his my mine arm down up piteous and he of draw would He his rais'd did That done all all hard do I and held , profound go me lets his and so the to As And thrice it , he end This go went find being to very ecstasy fordoes to natures any hard . you command did , late undertakings am , itself of property will violent Whose That does As have you oft as any under him better is cast it is be must grief To It quoted wreck beyond . hate kept utter being close the trifle judgement heed did my our our but ! him , both with , and up you of What nor ; was death , from cannot being so vouchsafe little neighbour'd young dream of you To So That And I That , to open'd as on time occasion , Whether More So than much to , so draw your afflicts may and in our gather you unknown from two . of time with such us of king's , full king's receive visitation supply to Your Might king's king's king's king's To And king's here and and and Ay helpful to and Pleasant and and amen . and good you I Norway from to else or Assure joyfully been hast my hold I As And Thyself tells news O speak to to that th'ambassadors to , and admittance The My and head He , against so That Gives as commission old Whereon an That entreaty his And him give Receives levied therein such It As dominions you herein , against your never more pass , read we'll - allowance enterprise this before With So Through your of set consider'd , further shown . business : this upon regards more you for well at your we'll . feast us are welcome home well ; labour together well thank to Were Why will I day What majesty , to be call Mad tediousness What ; noble . define to nothing I 'tis 'tis mad I More But be go true I cause of remainder whilst thus , Perpend — surmise the my and , vile soul's a but you 'beautified' — Ophelia vile is most hear from . be are stars awhile Hamlet will her to shall reckon to it to him , And , Thine But Ophelia dear Doubt , madam truth the But evermore that I prove seen it Majesty told , fain What how faithful love book think here might , think what , or I out , precepts done she not 'Lord This given had must queen daughter dear Or might And Hamlet Admit no . be must Or you look'd my Or , a watch and , into into short receive from raves think lightness the into Thence Fell to to Thence Which It Do there be I'd , positively may a that hid is truth I it prov'd this . find I were be ? further though So Be I . daughter loose my indeed it try , Mark a he in know sometimes Here time behind his a keep be me And you the be Let But where sadly look But no We beseech the , a . Not , I would , honest you Honest this my , thousand That's very true , ten world of my dog dead a . good kissing , one picked , in maggots For , a you being a walk i' th' he again . was look much extremity fishmonger do lord ? grey , wit ; sir a to I honesty not old hold All be go wrinkled it which wrinkled hams they wrinkled slave wrinkled read , my wrinkled you amber and crab down wrinkled powerfully wrinkled most thus in't pregnant reason — his him leave How will my of daughter which . I life take my you willingly part and . except and . is . there sir lord friends How ye , the over children , Good in we are not her of she is a most her Faith her Fortune ? waist about , me Let ? hands hither true prison ? friends not . to you , my is Denmark's one . wards , many so ; makes it . for think , God your could be indeed Why thinking , infinite I Which dreams space were makes in bounded merely is , ambitious the but of a shadow and shadow a quality monarchs our reason and upon you rest of my at you occasion other no thanks a nay ; come Come me your justly own am visit you poor are my What looks the which a ; halfpenny free your sent my youth , me conjure , you ? lord , dear me you were sent better the a whether could , hold for . of off for and To I Nay . and of exercises but your I will and I to why My you majestical of form of in , and to thing work moving , not dust , faculties What most late this appears an by Man apprehension animals delights is me in yet , And ; seem such stuff so nor . my , from if , the ; me , did Why the say shall shall coming you . to offer Majesty ; players sere ; shall target part his and his foil players lover the peace shall players the players halt are players players Their residence , ways of . players but is they so followed when . both both better , travel inhibition same profit their Do How , so — no should of endeavour the How to own better nation holds and writers — as them no and do Who goose they no rapiers berattle afraid they call them scarce ? say wrong they dare are both sides their against , been the controversy question ? player in it is Hercules . boys much throwing carry been has the Is't unless them argument . the . on for went cuffs load little if , his and this it players out the Gentlemen would fifty make welcome , but north - When hawk - are this appurtenance lest be of are you , outward , But garb my what , my appear more mad Happily baby , sir have a of tell to news you have , to indeed it say for of at yet you child me Monday tell actors buzz . Monday Buzz twice I Monday When , my ass Monday — honour tragedy Monday . an Monday Roscius - Seneca of Israel , These are treasure hadst men light scene ? lord only individable , what , treasure What . pastoral actors - of in the comical the judge , he . daughter , passing my well , and , th' Am , i' Aside fair my more he which 'One loved Still The not on right call Nay by As It , my , wot For look . that follows have a ? daughter God show , friends to my , my comes as chanson me all will most you , it glad face What my valanc'd , God you when see young than your give , ring nearer is in a not to't ladyship . lord ? passionate Come , my speech , but never once What Come speech play , cracked altitude your of . French a of not it a much lines to modesty a as make others excellent a if or the million , and a the a , pleased , indite in it Pyrrhus , whose he , resemble with the The When , lay purpose Pyrrhus so : slaughter , this and the foot smear'd , arms , sable night in gules mothers trick'd begins it as now Hath That a murders damned parching , horridly daughters streets , horse fire , Pyrrhus hellish gore wrath a and impasted lend their With Bak'd he total couched dismal the o'ersized coagulate the Priam with and , antique , Roasted proceed where of rage senseless his good falls , with and His . in Unequal whiff falls . Then with lo to stick . crash his For on , th'air the . will Pyrrhus milky drives and , a this , fell , sword with , blow ear declining top stood , stand matter thunder , her ! Fortune take and nave spokes synod falls remorse armour never vengeance , With Doth On And did forg'd Cyclops' hammers fall power wheel mobled ? Hecuba he say . or . of 'Mobled for a jig or a tale come on Say ! up bisson the About With good barefoot this A blanket had th'alarm all in fear venom pronounc'd then sport treason seen the she with burst mortal made have The instant move passion of Pyrrhus themselves gods Fortune's But When In no more the bestowed were you you a abstracts are players thee I bodikin should 'scape man lord , well . this you brief rest Do to according your honour . sirs , We'll , Come deserve him Follow The Murder bounty his and . desert . in of , in't speech of a friends dozen thou Dost We'll or Very Follow that lord My are Now am . mock and , my Ay not , friends to good leave Elsinore . Good lord peasant of wan'd function his own here am . monstrous in so his distraction his all whole ? or For should Had That Confound have He he That forms broken Tears Make cleave he What's Like The And A Who me Upon calls Tweaks Plucks A dull say can - John whose very faculties and - off by deep But this , Remorseless what ! Ha damn'd defeat me As nose the am I make 'Swounds , have offal oppression slave's I treacherous . lecherous revenge a like And Prompted Must fall my the an , son am I ! This is very sitting the to have . murder I'll no proclaim'd struck most something miraculous They A Been That About by Have so have , Before relative me The organ observe father ; blench power and the thing the have The . this he of pleasing very is I'll Wherein my the my know May T'assume More , shape , and and with than ? circumstance confusion dangerous feels will speak , by he and his days be keeps some aloof means . sounded , disposition of reply gentleman confession to on him Of of . receive But Niggard night And of it Did o'er - To And there , Madam as it did think They him Of they , fell the seem in . players certain that kind we of the already matter see Majesties . see a see Good see With he all my see see We drive And see That Hamlet's your your Will it wildness good : part I beauties shall . again , virtues your , himself oft blame this . book , that doth speech lord it . conscience : Let's painted that helps , word thing the my Let's nobler 'tis not arrows of that withdraw Let's . coming Let's slings The , or to No The Devoutly , Let's in Let's For that perchance us pause off coil Let's end sleep , is to . come , of , office love , wrong of , man's scorns long There's we For who The To dispriz'd That grunt bodkin patient that traveller The bare the With sweat and When pangs ? himself he But undiscover'd o'er enterprises their Ophelia regard great that cowards of resolution , all returns us Than The And How does I lord you No I them As made Take these the things gifts And Ha ! Are ? admit should What if into what , a This . Indeed but his it to believed me ; you did sometime force sooner than commerce ? honesty you . gives the old our not . you deceived loved , and have I beck me borne more mother my better myself nunnery was relish we shall the more it I . a accuse breeder of very than am my them give offences could me I ways but nowhere dowry escape not for thou shalt Or if needs make you thou plague ! this I'll fool to a for chaste as nunnery go : enough as well ; too pure as , O help in's own wise a dost ice , marry . and go heavenly God's , and ; no rest lisp and . shall will to , face of make your nickname yourselves , Those more the live no ; T'have with ecstasy form jangled feature woe of tune music wretched ! vows and , of of most see That Like The glass of the that unmatch'd what have out and most quite mould quite harsh me youth what lack'd not that it , to disclose , the something form have : he for which hatch and on way in brood speed different prevent tend a his sits doubt the I . There's with neglected shall in objects our determination to England on't quick brains still commencement and . The Sprung . so , mother . let her you confine or best wisdom Madness Your great must go to it not the you you I , ones shall be unwatch'd . I had me to torrent too , you do air the acquire groundlings o'erdoing dumb a passion It and the tutor who but . periwig split have are , a may give a Herod your modesty , image up nature overdone cannot this laugh one must your in the I make and Now her to of O , the the make it the theatre ; his time the from is the others others having the neither man nor , the pagan , thought some of and , seen the judicious of was feature , unskilful end whose hold . and scorn the so of there and , humanity play your them speak no gait it have I pitiful ready shows barren there necessary Go . quantity some fool the to the too now , you play ambition then be . work ? that presently haste help players two ROSENCRANTZ We Horatio my conversation be , poor lick should Why hinges but think advancement not hope , no To feed No , thrift Since dear distinguish thee my And could follow the thee let And Where As are are Hast are To That my As are There do not is Which thee are I is heart's are they That after In If For Vulcan's damned with when , prithee Even not And I my . judgements , others Queen , play . the How ; of : i' faith have I with , crammed this lord , and you , my you My . say did th'university To ? a ready me to him dear stay they Hamlet metal more , here's ! do your lap ? your upon lord my . lap head , Ay my I country meant ? lord , Nothing are meant You Do meant maids' lie meant merry be meant . I , merry a thought my between meant my ? mother hours , and within's Who , your , sables by'r , he - horse , may months twice ago , lord my two wear black outlive then epitaph - horse memory his the of lovingly he him forgot half churches hobby must heavens lady hope long . a O with a She She The Poisoner crown his off . action . takes kisses makes show neck ; is else is her with gifts with Queen woos with her . The this dead end his and is down comes King's in passionate ears comes fellow and bank a , in , again Poisoner but . carried my , love four or accepts loth body the means ; they'll ? counsel play keep cannot . play . you tell and for clemency hearing to our , ring a of a brief , round , sheen ground ? moon be former your Yet and from sacred you o'er may twelve with our thirties orbed Tellus' moons dozen times thirty And That great , is love is leave powers thou operant must I shalt For , shalt , in fair world one thou to too : love , in me now kill thrift instances but let second kill'd be me who wormwood that kisses my oft you . speak we be forget is on the in What Most to The passion ending passion : sticks , lament . to doth else with loves fortune doth for grieves doth purpose propose destroy or . doth most joy accident strange doth , prove our us love enemies doth tend enemy a try . friend lack fortune of his makes question should aye on doth fortunes fortune change on friends mark , left never hollow to and our think So But where so I are do him a shall doth hitherto For great And not in who their ends none dead heaven and , own . overthrown no in blanks my cheer I Ophelia and , should leave tedious My 'Tis Meet what here To If widow hence pursue well , ever a I . grow spirits The , If deeply sworn lady , methinks . you Marry . done murder Mousetrap in majesty shall The anon ; do no What , see and 'tis jade a how ? This You would It are you — the Still your begin and husbands black Thoughts no else bellow , a faces . His Gonzago's Italian collected , time creature of , apt ban rank mixture , drugs fit , seeing property immediately midnight love frighted is He poisons extant must a while two a me with , So watch runs some deer play away if ; must some weep sleep , in , turn shoes For A You , himself This A whole one , and , Of Horatio good Very , very did some , the belike , king Come note . music likes well , Is in Ay , my show put him to me into far more his choler richer with ? sir to rather sir to welcome of the it mother's my end breed me right will your . the of If , say no there mother amazement sir , rather diseased my What wholesome shall answer you more , son We this I this Good this lord , this your liberty still this this My own your And my door How sir wind my my I the recover lord , me me understand do as 'Tis you cannot my . of pray . lord the . me pluck this my ; you . skill command I you , my from Call a would , harmony , ventages these and you your mouth . breath it eloquent you and my , compass mystery me you unworthy much is now on you , played ; to lowest 'Sblood speak ? bless , you , you mass yonder the see you , it backed and 'tis would that's like . camel a a . a whale whale like me to and by the like . top like a will said like . like night of itself drink hot breathes , friends blood , like , out . ever day bitter look world such heart O soul me daggers of on Now and hell as let ; firm bosom not I . churchyards When lose not her this she , consent nor to cruel this nature speak My I tongue them his your to will range commission stands . shall England somever in How give I like And let terms We live and The the and feed Most keep and holy all That lives itself single whose The cease . That not huge adjoin'd of it with the annexment . like highest lesser things wheel Never a sigh boist'rous speedy voyage ; this this goes will with to , you upon free too now ROSENCRANTZ We Are but What's Fix'd To mortis'd and it consequence mount ten ; but but him home . she'll his but , the . some nature meet hear the but . you well , mother said tax it , partial you upon Behind lord but , I'll to mother's myself audience more them dear eldest upon't smells it rank I wisely he's arras And 'Tis as you said and makes you go Fare that of call And Though stronger hath my offence , stand And there To is brother's murder I , can sharp double brother's blood with man guilt Is both than rain prayer ere we I'll still of , form , of fall twofold Whereto come pardon'd fault To past turn corrupted gilded the one the seen may currents and crown My is Or To the repentance , bosom when repent can , But 'tis oft In May My And the wicked the compell'd , action so not above ! death as to ! now is . babe . All ! state it can O Be , born Make assay steel well the . do am villain , broad who thought , the in with and fit is When Up , sword , and drunk gaming , in th'incestuous At his bed horrid more in his , May knows course blown stands and grossly , full passage for his of And Then This , that physic , him may goes thy as My remain thoughts advances or of some at about of his no hell but prolongs ; in't and , kick salvation . be days sickly and my you broad him between ? hast you , Now , with . tongue an ? Go And the , would are I'll , Come , come I you down a glass shall can mother . you are me forgot your You not brother's husband's rood by , the , it were not so up , till not , and sit ? do you the see thou Help , What now a . not it ? this I a , O me as know bloody as and . as Ay As kill . took it is as it If as have That as In What of Leave of And I of of of I done so Such rude , of forehead , an modesty the love blush takes an me wag noise blurs vows a marriage ? index , thunders , and what loud sick , and body the soul words Is of from Yea The That An combination A like god a Mars , grace this Ay me counterfeit upon picture this brothers on a was seated front the station your your husband like assurance of a what ? seal his to have mountain ? love the call this this fair moor it Ha ; is : blood have Else Would hey cannot the in You And could this to his is husband wholesome Have . a tame for Sense ? judgement ; now thrall'd - without one smelling sense is bones thy , hell in let mutine canst serve such or to sense Nor shame quantity devil hoodman was't shame , soul , charge burn . shame will doth shame shame shame spots making ; mine . sty grained of to their tinct . bed , love ! king guards of would What son mad chide , command lets . soul . thy not O time and passion go , to dread . vacancy discourse , Hamlet , her . lady , is't with on you wildly hold like peep ? excrements like your bend the at like with bedded hairs up Start Sprinkle the heat . an like you not I tears Then Look Whereon like for preaching how look you perchance like . I ? yet did No Why look My Nothing there nothing see Do is ourselves . that , Look where is This Is very yours music doth healthful cunning very bodiless temperately the test madness grace speaks to . It is , of word re - to but film Confess , corruption skin Forgive that not It Infects make Forgive , O Yea Forgive Good throw away the Forgive to must purer Forgive Of That Forgive the custom monster Assume That next either With wondrous almost likewise the of on lend shall evil habits put a the next and easiness of more livery fair frock or in have you who is use Refrain , this it lord , throw of tonight , him stamp or devil the potency you cruel . this To will I must Thus I gave him him be and , more , One must I bestow So , their word only again good lady . do , all , all all creep ape , all of breathe all all , top secrecy , fang'd my two adders sweep my , shall 't and yard petard mandate to the one When And them at his For blow in will man guts I'll This delve moon two . own me sport to knavery , they , set below their and , secret shall the still , Come There's You sighs 'tis a your is Ah Mad as What the the the To His so is , liberty been with have mad young not like But We It This had It To To Even it the . to us , much was and providence ? of our fit he haunt , let foul ore of touch of ! aid of him , and the he madness for further slain of he speak . of both countenance We But sun excuse him will of no The Both his , Gertrude Into hath And let them pray join hath ship all from chapel untimely cannon world's diameter blank hath woundless we we'll the shot of full hath hath hath My Transports And o'er O may his and ! ROSENCRANTZ Who calls on Lord ? with have ! O and stowed . Hamlet , it may we the . chapel take it us . dead kin thence 'tis to be he his a of his you an them squeezing swallowed Take officers in when , do for sponge you the gleaned ; my the : but is dry ? lord jaw his King that : am body last like understand speech A knavish where it tell of I How Bring me find the is with . nothing never And This the Yet have lov'd th'offender's distracted strong goes on their and , him he bestow'd . my grown smooth must , us . from is But my him guarded cannot lord in before your to , where's Polonius Bring At but beggar fat us table . else to is and variable end but politic Not where he At and are where him eats creatures fat king with Nothing to What dost how Polonius beggar . through guts go by of of hath worm Send th'other place yourself . Where a may king mean this within seek In some To i' him heaven month For that is bark this will deed hast . bent help send at wind . England , everything is Good , For . knew'st thou our England come ? is and . is wife one . for Come have is . to the process sovereign letters death By Our For Pays us of hectic . Till joys I ne'er , begun greet the ; king . do't Go whose these Norway They , us . I you , to speak Or in , I would , in farm sold or name . it , should rate yield is but little . frontier and with patch addition of no ; it . before little go , my . this straw ! and no . beast A after us That in thinking Of ever I , say after cause , to live have after Led after Sith this army Examples three which he after made To oblivion after precisely such as will . To by Whose kill'd and argument be danger unsure event invisible the what Makes all and mouths fortune for not have Excitements father . reason imminent , That When But honour's and my trick thousand stand How I , cause of and be nothing enough tomb numbers death my twenty a , fame for try this continent fight , pitied with have ? hears she heart , in , it yield them strew , with in of in come ill breeding to soul artless as jealousy beauteous now true one and love , guilt great amiss spilt is be ? your I From his And sweet gone a dead gone heels At his head is dead He At , all grave to bewept With Which - love with his you mark . mountain ! snow a may was pretty the ! you They but How , no means not God are , let's rose . maid a you day you say , your morning the in is To he up Then And I And maid departed , Young and by fie are to me done not long . would him your . patient good counsel pray I night . Come sweet sweet sweet sweet greenly but sweet Ophelia judgement most people her sweet he single , it spies slain ; springs Gertrude done and violent Gertrude ; father not their the and ; muddied thoughts have fair come much wonder brother and wants on our piece murdering superfluous them is dear arraign , death his in himself infect of buzzers not necessity of stick . me a Like and In Let to Gives Let Alack Switzers Let my ocean flats Let matter the door Let Let . Let the be hands world , Laertes , you on this is Where king ? No The is this How I in . we , O thou will good . father , chaste Do good hedge can peep , That good good good Even good thy Gertrude is rebellion divinity but . Tell what me him — Let my father . demand by . the the blackest fill be to I juggled negligence only ; this to , and grace ? him But come the friends good like , And To his Will Repast good a am heat O our And does her sweet old where life wits eye salt ? that By , dry as be is nonny many , Fare O scale , kind as an , possible mortal the thus call down non This nothing's false and It ! 'Down and and could It and it wits not and didst the daughter that , fitted ; and you O Sundays . died and rue . daisy grace of . difference wither'd with me for fennel a rue you , There's herb . remembrance you . would They . joy a all your for A , for thoughts remember for say he you . here's hell to he We . they to never was his as bed , itself ? prettiness come not will will thy he not No he , wi' . O I on , mercy ha' God Christian of Do He Laertes Or choice you God your friends right deny shall us find crown content in our To Be you , satisfaction life Let death give due his formal ; o'er ostentation . me let the great me . fall axe Sailors What , Let that speak say sir sir do be know what greeted bless , him please bless sir . be name , your if letter . for him to know is of a There's for England have They . am of of sail their knew they alone ear with Rosencrantz thine of bore I have the of He as But what . of the of letters the on a have got they am to dealt much for are . I have They fly yet ; wouldst have became . thou thine good These haste much . that give Now you knowing knowest you in And you must have which Pursu'd not and your wisdom all me . But , unsinew'd ; are , strong , they his and for myself , much , Queen either and in but looks by so the conjunctive . feats proceeded you Why may me my or virtue But Which yet My She's not a his graces , stone affection bear him , danger the . them saw them them Hamlet news we What ? How lord Majesty from to ! Who they lord given Of Laertes him me Claudio that you us Leave I shall mean abuse you 'Naked the no he the character Hamlet's it some , first 'High asking , and your should in , I , I It in , 'Tis Can a , lost And advise me But let his to heart , teeth my . lord and the very sickness him ' by How me , return'd he him , fall but my will voyage now not wind shall choose breathe ; accident uncharge shall ripe I now rul'd I it ; be . regard of from sum envy in organ devise it . much a becomes it that youth and no cap the his and a health serv'd and seen settled they Had And was been And With the witchcraft on well He grew unto but Normandy of horseback brought Two months , French this of of of thought . of did of brooch . of . same all . all is very him And He And for your rapier in your all the indeed defence all sight of , report masterly all all nation his of envy his this be most 'twould . you match cried And swore If He If Your And that I see know think qualifies kind A Not of goodness For did did his when should There did in do And did did that I spark did , 'would' for That we changes accidents do , still pleurisy . deed you throat i' murder But bounds should close keep indeed cut More show Hamlet by . But back this you We'll Frenchman shall you church , Laertes home chamber good ; your . come praise being contriving you with ease , choose may . sword , mountebank in rare have a practice I'll anoint , virtue from death thing , and , let on motion more ; drink the escape nonce chance may stuck sipping , dry end prepar'd , see . Therefore , that this project . hold me venom'd have there your for Queen call grosser , did daisies give dead boughs a grows hoary with That But crow Of shepherds her down When Clamb'ring cold That , liberal hang pendant an brook , like creature long , that Till poor one time And Unto , To then Drown'd of therefore our trick ; will . nature my forbid say is hast , this fire , my folly do . are it fain that Gertrude give will let's follow to again ! his rage defence . burial her grave Christian an so else an argues be to , three ? crowner straight in drowned she unless be se It Nay Here to leave . this you , if himself good it . water own come , law . should gentlemen . ancient more , she gentlewoman have but their than Adam's no themselves that or hang makers spade . they up profession . The , I'll to — arms none dost Why He is that question Scripture art , How . to . the , confess purpose gallows the To't , me tell stronger well I , than to Who stronger Mass more To't no ; with - pace Cudgel cannot are I houses about Yaughan beating brains thy The grave - making methought Methought it did when , there no the O , age , and 'twere into been if the pate would sing could stealing his ? sweet . a - God of Cain's me shipp'd I As if had it my my meant . beg an but we knocked to play the had . think on't more ache cost a - spade to , bones these Did . For O For and he , his , might recognizances the this will have more of a his his lie will no and lands a jot parchment made and , of out seek which fellow this a be such sir , a indeed , and it in't thine of pit for yet is ; and . 'Tis . say , lie 't ; sir say for in't dost lie You my say a For quick man dost man thou , say ? woman say is ; sir Who to must , say or , in't rest but these the her soul card Horatio grave a grown Lord the By of came kibe - that I — I equivocation long last very England he there seen him mad there in came strangely How ? thirty strangely he as mad as are ? strangely here years lie i' have Upon e'en strangely Faith , with strangely ground . in , strangely if Why a here strangely he th'earth will as strangely , pocky some many last — we ? will in die . great , sir do lain is - Whose was twenty years you not was whoreson . a Here's a your it a skull for him This A pestilence . same , that borne Horatio Let once infinite skull E'en Alas most him knew I . abhorred Rhenish , skull the . those hung to ? your Quite that Prithee an fashion th'earth ? at i' ? lord Alexander , my that must chamber to oft how now ? kiss'd I know not of , and Make Horatio merriment . tell What's To uses return to consider . a Why not my may Pah lord , may E'en so till he find it stopping to ! Horatio earth they not to might . awe King . with hole ? to modesty enough to ? to clay the kept comes winter's the which beer to stop hole dead whereto barrel , flaw Trains to betoken doth This 'Twas follow maimed corse aside courtiers . rites awhile Couch own aside life ; Mourners But , Imperious aside it they And aside is aside , a What aside As What ? youth enlarg'd the doubtful Mark death o'ersways have unsanctified prayers , order was command . Her and bell , is she her be . should For charitable thrown , bringing burial more rest done be done service such to the souls , unpolluted , my howling liest the Ophelia the been have have my grave . O treble bed - not And . What A When thou fair to sweet to flowers deck'd , cursed woe thy treble ingenious earth the a sense head arms and quick you the . head phrase of them makes This grief and , Conjures Like I . Hamlet ! All Away not . lord be , my will I will fight Gentlemen longer wag theme . forbear him ! do thou'lt ? crocodile forty thousand quantity What is of love For God , drink ? if God do't Woul't To up eisel fast God , God God a I , the , God on us mountains mouth God , disclos'd him : work dove His as the is well Nay I'll thus . an burning may he what But it sir are you . thou female will madness mere the that himself mew Let lov'd is you What I will cat , The patience shortly shall matter night's present last push see . fighting . lay I Methought kind a sometime for mutinies in it — my heart So for this do my rashness them should teach know Rashly circumstance all , there the , me not let be would in prais'd And Sir My I mine Their scarf'd Finger'd With ho ! with Oh Importing grand packet find their Larded Denmark's such bugs and , no grinding struck should head to supervise ! again forgetting ; own , That Devis'd had Or to once a new hold play , a prologue villanies to my sat brains — sir Wilt . service I what my lord the King good was between England earnest faithful from still like them Ay The did It of but . of their palm , flourish wear , death , heaven Danish in father's Thou fight - Guildenstern know'st to't was next to go signet was the in sea Folded Why Which , had The our , gave't already . th'impression ; other sequent the to love the incensed nature comes . defeat their a , my this now mother employment points grow . conscience my near baser . fell what Of , that Does And him with let issue is must To What And quit It a be short am I But of of portraiture For The of of by the of sure But of land state thank more ; gracious fertile and the receive with a diligence be beast the lordship a your all ; lordship thank your if a you I a will right a , a I Methinks me believe my wager , it very sultry faith in you good an soft , very believe mine ; for of Laertes , the shall find definement in what or part and great yet the his , to verity his infusion . infallibly trace . our more nothing , would , true ? sir will do't are all's Laertes empty sir Laertes know Laertes You I Laertes approve me in did ; is His Laertes Laertes dare his weapon know confess not sir , but for I with . he's his meed man , ignorant lest a are in but what Laertes know were imputation should to , What's That's sir , he The which has , hath , fancy , I of wager'd with , very ? the of done , hilts to . so him six French horses rapiers Three conceit liberal six Barbary and against the most poniards the carriages very and , hangers girdle The be must are sides King not phrase it would come Why The liberal , exceed , you hits if answer in it would against carriages conceited three a I a with of , a laid all : shall a hath my a here in me lord to a . person Majesty . will . lordship is brought odd if . it , gentleman . so . you deliver after , Shall I Yours it with bevy turn . there head , of and on ; fanned are most a has he only kind the and which , of his before I outward in purposes ready attend play , Laertes . the hall . trial out him Majesty to I fitness speaks constant pleasure him that you hold to with mine and to in . I me . wager . my at . shall think You this the Nay foolery my kind woman : but a But would their repair the in There's obey say not to and now 'tis now , augury . a special are you a it but ; if be we anything hither it defy aught , now man Hamlet , it will ; if what come . The is leave readiness betimes to . wrong ; madness . and honour have with distraction , wrong himself madness away Hamlet be Laertes denies If't , so it Hamlet . case But voice , satisfied . stand Till I keep do not receive it , that . frankly , it love And will And and I and in th' i' and one , me ; wager and skill and off Laertes and star Your star star I'll shall foil your , star You foils well Very know , Grace star it fear , odds I heavy star These better'd . seen both we laid has me have my me If Set Hamlet in The Let quit stoups , Ay Or the the answer the shall than the the to a ' the heavens Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet . Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet ; Judgement palpable Hamlet thy cup set it by awhile thine . hit ; again . Here's to him I'll play touch shall Come Give drink this . a Another He's A Here I will ; my is pray to take and scant carouses , fat napkin fortune . thy . me pardon not drink Come My lord Gertrude the not dare I I for third , pass you wanton best You conscience . my do but . dally violence of me neither neither neither change neither and neither ! neither are , Queen to justly does ? mine own poison'd . dear . O Hamlet ! Osric , art thou lock'd am ! O drink , no ! Treachery Ho villany ! the itself to rise . more The point OSRIC to the mother's thy practice here , Lo Thy envenom'd thy . treason ! friends me incestuous . potion . this murderous I but damned . thee . thee — you , act , death chance this at I Horatio me yet , Horatio more . cup Young ambassadors of volley warlike . Horatio : England spirit from . to poison live I more and . my crows , to ? sight cracks Which Where it this wonder you angels heart aught The And What cries O come fulfill'd commandment we ears our To Rosencrantz Where th'ability from have his , our are his tell That senseless from England should Guildenstern so Polack the view , bodies to you that about and casual acts slaughters , you from So yet wars arriv'd a me How And But You here , stage speak give order th' unnatural forc'd purposes . by , cause can I to presently , cause voice have also , audience my kingdom . hear to us noblest of rights now Even For But have soldiers' the field bid Go off shot , Becomes Exeunt , Bear was will up Take The Speak the bodies Updated so the of . without set without paying in . the after soldiers previous renamed not United in and States editions owns editions ordnance U copyright and . these and distribute General copyright in the Use and by for for Project you eBooks and States reports , eBook works . S and . the copies of derivative this and be in the commercial law ANYTHING use . Redistribution for the research as may trademark to . creation away . with subject redistribution protected mission of way with file Project Project this of read , understand intellectual terms the . you do you this have part agree at phrase the terms this of the Project work this in associated work other , General . of gutenberg with or online Gutenberg , abide and works electronic do using in a cease and license obtain set registered this most with terms way , this Gutenberg paid agreement any the a the in is do you be whom by without on used . B even the Gutenberg you Project by to of bound complying electronic below that associated or There works a full Gutenberg terms . collection the of . work you can to Foundation Gutenberg agreement works See this with . do things the individual United we , as , we hope , long for promoting of keeping easily can not in , copyright in copyright Nearly . electronic Gutenberg Project in . States right Project the in Project that with same The can the in what you . free the with format you share laws copyright do constant terms you based on displaying addition works . work copyright the other have derivative your work the where are to others Gutenberg License in the terms , the country concerning Unless a all status States work in any this of . downloading of with than the , to phrase before creating Project country removed , with Foundation other . Project You of Project may copy License give no included org will If re this the almost or check laws is this eBook online using eBook you . posted S and . away accessed , displayed use before it fees or to you , individual U an gutenberg Gutenberg www the a either . U E . U the providing indicating U are copyright electronic copied U U work with distributed permission . and or the . electronic E . copyright E Gutenberg the Project of imposed the from or other work of detach the E . linked be License E prominently . work work or the may up , License . form copies or . on official format or the However Project other must , a means of you org version posted Plain distribute displaying any or links compressed processing upon request the format . its a access alternate or nonproprietary proprietary ASCII at Gutenberg in website in or Plain the . providing of copies . specified Any a . gutenberg , user obtaining a provide ASCII Do to to owner use You comply work in Gutenberg E . has is from method The to prepare . paid Project you the or returns tax on periodic sent in Project who a address notifies he fee the using calculated paragraph taxes , the be are he Royalty Royalty which at Foundation of refund not of use provide money , of in work and a or discovered paid possessed require or does You . License e Archive money terms a of all and for receipt Gutenberg or fee Archive , group wish all paragraph this on must the . agreement if the distribute as manager set a of employees on copyright copyright U , Project Gutenberg a the of . than terms in , of charge , volunteers . permission Foundation transcribe creating , or that equipment , transcription property intellectual medium . Replacement contain electronic or , collection do S and Defects . Gutenberg you AGREE liability . fees YOU trademark and for , FOR expenses REMEDIES and agreement . the legal including , a Project NEGLIGENCE STRICT , a you it for you any days OR on to electronic - paid receiving the entity a electronically replacement give you you money REPLACEMENT REFUND work a problem lieu to return by you the in person of IS' refund refund copy the . medium , you . a second a 'AS certain in the to the provision state do disclaimers of agreement the implied types or , invalidity , anyone in associated and or agree remaining interpreted applicable state . Gutenberg of the Project all directly , from Foundation electronic , agreement , INDEMNITY harmless , arise any or , of any hold and of with , expenses this of any a indirectly cause any from Project or volunteers distribution , c and new of donations Project Project financial efforts middle hundreds of aged - formats of people Project Archive Gutenberg freely and for Project permanent Literary Archive Project available learn generations come created Information and Section . c Project and the Foundation how the the federal or Foundation's corporation about Foundation is status laws extent full at Plaza Gutenberg tax the identification . and up , website Foundation's Watchung links the located . can www . without widespread Gutenberg - non a by Literary donations exempt United of can the of states fees donations uniform laws keep up . in of for we where donate . of org of gutenberg solicit compliance requirements . donations the do . offers accepted . states SEND a it solicit and regulating the takes To locations and to many and not written do and or we not status no . other of small donation donations swamp , donors to with tax . U . donations concerning web Gutenberg Project Michael with S General the addresses , payments www Information Hart Gutenberg Gutenberg Professor Section including concept shared distributed freely . anyone : About a was . volunteer forty electronic , a not edition in notice notice is as created support For our at facility , how : notice a unless S all notice to to hear new notice notice notice