me Stand live Long Stand Barnardo hour upon carefully Stand For much Stand I thanks this am . most Stand struck now Stand 'Tis Friends think them Stand And I The If Well . ground farewell honest , my , what A Say Barnardo place . this has piece seen have thing but him . to along take , belief sight have twice seen , not 'twill again eyes and appear And let are What two again nights fortified sit , us night that's , then thee bell The same scholar ; it to that's Horatio . dead it Horatio and , wonder , speak answer ? pale ! believe ! watch not know our work of I to scope knows he , my observant most tell eruption our , land brazen watch that state the And , now night be such nightly So this down , for of impress strict divide same daily , shipwrights sweaty haste . sore , of of Our last inform not why toils such Why subject and the of cannon day cov'nant same moiety Fortinbras , Fortinbras , young lawless , of Norway , list in't diet of well and appear of recover doth compulsatory , us of , our watch rummage and be no think Well Comes was is through armed it but other that our high ere The Did A graves little stood In mote the As Upon And prologue omen still events star of and empire with together earth and the , sheeted Roman fierce fates Stay it blast or . use of done to grace , illusion again , may fate me to be . me privy thee If But , hast I'll there do , thy of ! foreknowing O happily art be That Which thou If to any to good thou to Speak If which Extorted strike . partisan ! speak . guilty when , cock about then fearful summons like to And Upon a it is of Awake sea lofty his , started god To his This . day , and in earth or morn , hies shrill trumpet heard sounding his , of probation the of birth ever , bird singeth celebrated all spirit dare night is Saviour's the , they that on , abroad , strike planets no witch so takes , Wherein in And cock , long . mantle in , no stir to time the morn the o'er Break , shall I our loves , our I most conveniently this shall fitting acquaint what to have by my tonight , it morning know us we in , green hearts To bear Yet To Though we so our The Laertes Lords , be yet in far with sometime with a Th'imperial Your wife wisdoms ; nor which weighing auspicious one funeral in In as and one , mirth With we With Therefore our with remembrance now our defeated state warlike eye , marriage in and dole freely delight , have all we our Fortinbras worth with lands bonds us his out brother's of frame death , with So those , advantage all law for of for : him , made the , Norway here proportions and further more you we are all to Fortinbras of . hears , scarcely dispatch old to no subject ; and the Norway Thus You lists further To Of , His The of Giving , In Farewell ; Of business bearers Cornelius good , of this greeting , King dilated articles with let these CORNELIUS all it things nothing : will what's to is't the to ? thy thy , my now leave duty willingly in bend wishes must To show them Have your My I , that came return lord to of Denmark I confess France leave done toward and , France wrung spend it , son will be to and Hamlet seal'd and I ? hard leave , from at last go me petition ; give him my leave . thy ; Laertes , now And Take Aside let Good thine for thy not Seek Thou so Not is my Hamlet I like vailed with father all that the on off nighted eye And know'st thy in to dust lives must with thee of of fruitful the windy customary suits me are that man ; seem indeed might play passeth suits , mother ? I , haviour , all dejected moods Nor These sweet and in duties give commendable your , and nature , grief , bound heaven course , your persevere father a term some the unschool'd your as ; impatient and , is your to and vulgar must simple a , unfortified obstinate , your incorrect mind , Fie against heart Why it your your your A From Is reason dead the To death the first a father We think the to take desire his intent , bears dearest school toward and back is And in the beseech bend our For father you most to to remain : Wittenberg your our eye our . Wittenberg reply come to , you madam . O melt , this not two ! in unweeded come an of uses should gross , and this earth on , poor those , name is were she discourse of shoes mine like with even body father's father , reason Frailty my , ere — Frailty that wants but tears beast longer Frailty she month on't increase of yet Frailty on not me My father's have Would Frailty Frailty is such salt ; Hercules the I She With dexterity nor , not , or I glad I Horatio to your to ! your , change glad what I your make . you good A , to in Against what it not Nor I truster yourself see to not your to me came mock my follow'd fellow - student . you father's truant no are funeral . deep mother's funeral , thrift , Did Would ever , it was , it my I had In father My my methinks had met forth the . lord Saw Who mind's , I was take not , I while may gentlemen to , ear the lord My With Season think I a ? your attent In Marcellus at encounter'd Two Goes Been the Appears thus dead point before slow their and his and stately them length and by the not secrecy speak , Stand truncheon's A and middle cap with thrice march distill'd walk'd This him with them upon third apparition But third , third did yet third not My made it , the third as away , third loud platform And I And do vanish'd our in it would haste , lord From , do Arm'd Arm'd from saw not to foot ? top , O , lord head wore ? eyes more A And pale constantly upon ? it amaz'd been much haste like moderate , It Very ? no . Stay'd , saw't hundred a . longer beard watch walk will A , If me If you my though I I was , in tonight . gape person itself . peace , my you you should , all . tongue twelve fare still tonight ye well farewell , will . rise come : you as , honour not night : All my o'erwhelm foul would arms , foul some Your then doubt is , But convoy sister necessaries Farewell his in , of and The , not permanent in violet perfume no so and trifling hear me Do and ? lasting ? more does crescent service wide it Think In , not besmirch ; must you you and temple nature and thews more And Grows withal inward The His The And therefore wisdom Then the The himself not weigh'd , is he may He For must and if of choice his ; as subject to believe body do , loves it says he far so your you list songs sister dear . act and is goes Denmark of your Fear To with lose Ophelia you chariest her Too And Be Youth I watchman Show Whilst As wary , the shall itself as the not and puff'd recks Do Himself not his treads comes . with memory thought their means vulgar , thoughts his . tongue of , Aboard the these character them each Of friends Grapple entrance but , thy man's that th'opposed not thy thy hatch'd to Give every Of thy not For proclaims they But Take each Costly in most select of oft in apparel France a oft And may but ; the Are a Neither For as Bear't ear of , to this season the true ; the man day be friend . husbandry of night ; tend well you to then my I take be my go your remember yourself Farewell keep lock'd . memory my have said the and , Ophelia you Have If Given told audience been very and tell he , Marry private of And me it you my ? understand to be Of , As your , of a green girl up the . honour , like me late me , of — daughter affection such , should perilous You as them baby pay for yourself I what , He to me with me more yourself wind ; tenders you'll the crack , lord , In may he you countenance almost I do ; to , soul dearly it it it go it . fashion to vows it their springes to burns holy call With the it the , than light When in the promise something Set it Than of , take as it extinct prodigal of it vows , brokers show unholy their suits for . at For that may and beguile to mere dye implorators like in sanctified But Not of I Look As to give , to't I words of bawds larger tether is the ; obey so bites air The an very it . eager cold . my ; now ; shrewdly season . twelve ; his , held draws ; the ; my near walk out , rouse . reels trumpet pledge It his . here . revel breach the - This to heavy other tax'd , nations swinish of indeed and than and , west it , headed manner mind More to From That By their As Since vicious though and us addition and pith our east traduc'd drunkards of marrow ; and , clepe us Soil They wherein form by breaking in for wherein nature oft our As else wherein , the , reason of much star defect wherein , wherein men these one grace — man ; that forts o'erleavens , wherein , of stamp — too evil take undergo pure dram scandal , lord my the general livery say I From That Angels thou with I King , their we Wherein Be Thou speak intents from wicked a call , from , us ! Hamlet answer ; hearsed again corse in complete mean sepulchre marble again we nature moon in inurn'd ponderous why O me ! thee tell , jaws , do ? souls should What our of What and bones ; saw his ! the , to thoughts Say , It Look some impartment reaches ? of to go waves to with But not courteous more it if As No no with , do , immortal immortal it immortal itself it can immortal follow immortal my immortal in Nemean the as . Unhand me By I Have follow Something wilt thou My When I , Alas Speak To , thou for the foul the could two thy I To and up tell Are harrow Thy And this each foul , foul Haste And not 'Tis A Rankly O my that Ay , wicked So witchcraft abus'd but ; serpent his , and gifts wit won — most whose hand of to wit of The O That From I Upon . mine of those But soft let Brief Holds That swift natural And The And and blood . tetter vile and . loathsome crust , hand ; sin dispatch'd account unanel'd a body bark'd like I , crown Unhous'led reckoning No off , even of made , horrible ! all hast thou O Let not couch A Taint and - 'gins adieu Remember uneffectual . fire be at and , the But prick O you Adieu pale heaven , globe not , my thee holds seat records fond memory the from away wipe , books That up And Unmix'd up Within up up thy , all observation , up all and poor me stiffly alone forms up . my of table Remember up shall by ! past pressures copied smiling damned ! down I , Meet , there . remember . MARCELLUS are it sure have , and . my lord ! is't Come lord it think . heaven ? you then Ay There's say Not ne'er needs Why And you we more without us , dwelling , my knave . lord , part . lord this is , Touching , my me between is what , heartily now , ghost you friends poor scholars , honest Yes O'ermaster't you , make What lord Never Nay but lord Nor In lord faith my lord faith . in , lord my sword my lord have sworn lord , not . lord lord . on Propose this speak ha boy Cries Indeed sayst , Never Hic to to Never of oath my Swear shift , have my gentlemen And your Come ? again Swear ! mole night a Here Than dreamt of things Once th'earth good this heaven in or soe'er I help you meet think bear disposition , on hereafter times , or shake , doubtful some 'We such antic know' Or such speak' by encumber'd thus of , do . you need to not most out your at ambiguous As How 'Well Or arms you That With , we list Or So you we : Swear Swear me of , know mercy — help gentlemen to So spirit do a . fingers , Nay what poor I Beneath love born joint on of out , That And let's come was is your not lack to these , wisely , lord money together it right . go good to , will I visit Of said are and Look you they Paris ; keep , drift expense ; what Danskers in finding , him , question , come and you of more and mark , friends . and , this lord , and and he's you ' well father his and , and ? of and Reynaldo mean and you wild and youth companions mean dishonour you ; such , and if't him him mean please but may As mean But mean so he I so forgeries ; mean take , noted lord ? liberty To are mean Faith not my , you Ay or drinking , may put another but seem they A and : as That's That he open to season the But should , sir my , Ay Wherefore good would fetch soil'd sullies slight , working , drift , I you lord here's is it believe As or ; or be ; 'gentleman' or consequence the in a on my son , i' would him you little a crimes — ' . Where , say to this . or the country my lord leave — did , Very does — By He 'closes At At mass , Or then , 'I a or gaming him of bait Your falling then There out thus : 'I ay , there yesterday or Videlicet saw There he enter , thus By my find directions advice . not ? have me lecture . former my So indirections , windlasses son . my God b' his , his . lord , I fare , wi' you inclination him Lord , Hamlet , his - upon No as Pale speak As lord his Alas , my with as in With if he had , said , What know not do horrors lord I My And Mad At last draw a such and the to He And He by with he , his it thrice As He And his As And seem'd o' the And For He end being sigh head rais'd did . seem a to doors bended without will desperate itself seek on his he and up mine profound waving thus — And What No I have my his That His me him our oft Whose Come does And leads as lord with him to access as did command . letters ; natures . under undertakings , passion denied you good but I It To discretion . meant . lack As known This . not . I . And To to . Of hide , Moreover hasty his than need More That So dream death . young neighbour'd on him Some Our , That To Whether much as rest here of being little from to aught That To vouchsafe th'understanding of him both you entreat , thanks , such receive of our living of more you us , bent . your Both , your to pleasures entreaty ourselves and commanded freely at . To our service We To And lay changed much And , Guildenstern these bring Rosencrantz gentle you Guildenstern . some our of is practices and , where Go , liege soul King good my my of brain news good sure have this . so my gracious mine fruit fruit fruit distemper the marriage . fruit Norway ! friends from brother fruit fruit but . good sift , fruit death of he our him o'erhasty our to him to greetings return fair , Most Say On That borne which th'assay give To Fortinbras rebuke before , him old he in sickness so a levies which , Highness his Was was Makes as And entreaty , you , employ the enterprise set for herein those : give this quiet Polack pass fee . labour feast this allowance and safety are think thank Answer at therein more for at Most rest you well your , to welcome is This My we And It time consider'd and and Meantime your Go home we'll business liege , night well to what soul time , art art all pity 'tis true A at figure art no remains foolish us mad I 'tis , will . defect , Perpend now is thus cause she defective the grant for true out , daughter the have and duty cause then him effect remains this Now obedience 'tis the , find 'tis , we Mad But pity cause shall hear most mark comes gather you me her . idol an , soul's vile Came the it whilst in a a : phrase given phrase . Hamlet ; 'beautified' is ? have art Adieu it believe not is , best I , hath I I , dear Ophelia . But am that love most my whilst O these never But thee best ill in And As of a do What hath you receiv'd to mine of But hot I it this . prove man more they she All given As how think had would fain my Before When perceiv'd I I should messengers , Admit my you think this the winking then the , she be repulsed Fell he And young mistress , into watch a to Thence a a , thence madness Thence Into lightness And not 'Lord This Hamlet ' lock , prince thus , out from his star . so I'd , ''Tis said very have been Hath Not positively time ? that hid find indeed , the centre will ? hours further . walks he together may circumstances from this though it four . How truth is Within lead him , not to daughter arras love carters state thereon , he does . her a for reason . from no a But Let Be you and But me - God , know Do How does my . do Well you Excellent . good You . a lord man lord honest so Honest my you , this be one man picked . is to Then if the sun breed lord daughter carrion a my , dog dead true world a being . kissing , have sun th' daughter by not . And her walk How not I'll me . speak What I Slanders mean satirical wrinkled have their that lack plentiful powerfully and , thus like purging old . thick grey you in't I honesty , though have if is my set crab ? down — a yet air . there amber most wit to it . the prosperously A ! You contrive so out that are , me my humbly him more of will . life that anything take means . old to God Lord my tedious Hamlet save the ? ye both . earth the . friends indifferent the My Fortune's On Happy Neither the , are her soles Rosencrantz good live Then waist , her Faith ? Fortune secret the parts doomsday None near But the middle of lord . news you have What Fortune Then , Denmark's lord ? hands worst my lord there for is , wards . good or either , and is there are world . one being one confines o' many . for count and nutshell that ; the it , have very dream is it and quality of substance dreams myself a king outstretch'd the . shadow our ? For , a by monarchs that light shadow a and of but and beggars' such speak to am , I am visit that thanks even beaten I ? it in . an the dear friends . I like way of poor friendship with the what , man own my , justly What to your with your my ? say . King , You were Queen your end I in . confession fellowship must to of kind anything , colour by let and by What . Nay then off of , for sent you say hold could . why My shall the King know to you , but secrecy your . firmament goodly like quintessence of dust ? the paragon in late will , this excellent no faculties What , appears majestical the , lord did the lord my you My Why think plays He of , from they you you be knight , make say lady sigh the king gratis . mind welcome whose delight are freely humorous shall use lungs man , both residence take such or shall shall foil his ? tragedians halt of and innovation city ? Are the in late , now there rusty grow ; are call they cry them on out scarce is the — the These when not they pace ? How and quills to can 'em maintains no better — them wonted the clapped little , most berattle afraid tyrannically their aerie so afterwards like no they tarre no ? for't rapiers the so writers the cuffs throwing possible and . There player went to the the to much own holds wrong in . King in picture lived of , my it than for my apiece him at something hundred very not fifty to the Elsinore are you , there ducats this the and entertainment which , Your . appear like father more uncle should of if 'Sblood southerly mother me comply tell yours my dear . The I say yet , gentlemen a swaddling his for child a they of . the wind at , hearer an out ; actor . you . When have me come twice each there and you too them not is see you he sir to tell My prophesy to lord , I I will world honour . either , the comical for pastoral . was lord ass pastoral . heavy - actors pastoral . best The tragical pastoral law Jephthah O The daughter he — he I Am me call lord ? love that daughter my loved Why 'One The first row the Why , that . by As follows lord follows not . my What Nay as then lot came as to , as my chanson abridgement show . lady as O thou Com'st friends . By'r welcome as have e'en , taste , when my thee as young you a . voice I anything cracked if cracked well valanc'd like since cracked your falconers , give it remember much it , an cracked as make excellent acted cracked once , but was . of cracked Masters , million others lines to , it , modesty the or indite , your the in , let , line of Aeneas' more called were , top I , pleased and , see it resemble sable with see me whose , purpose Pyrrhus this dread he the : ominous night horse complexion , foot it the black . gules Bak'd and and With and of fathers and to Head , light and and a and mothers now more damned and , streets daughters horridly trick'd , sons Pyrrhus hellish gore and good . accent Greeks arm whiff with Rebellious short Anon lord he , where rage wind falls Priam Pyrrhus' base this father blow For milky , lo on to his Stoops But Pyrrhus Of reverend , like But ear Which see . will painted a Priam was feel his seem'd the th'air tyrant his some stood flaming with , region rend As The bold Doth as in A And So On And And never did the Fortune away from hill In general As the barber's is too down tale your as and down long , remorse down Out bowl take strumpet nave fellies to down round , low synod down down down late That's down a jig good 'The With ! mobled up the Run queen' is , robe a then sport . steep'd , loins for the head venom have see clamour them burning not , of made heaven in's did her , all — instant with his pronounc'd them of their ill the , has . after to own bounty . Take and The . time . hear his desert , than , let chronicles bad brief epitaph of tomorrow a Gonzago play your and . sirs play Can . friends We'll . The some ? Murder of in't could speech , not you ! I am of this that his fiction not wi' friends welcome Elsinore . ye a to his in's function aspect , nothing whole visage all distraction and conceit For for and and . appal with drown general would the Had have he The very mad cleave and weep his ? He the What's the No and most not of for unpregnant Am , beard whose me defeat off Who a Like take me by my take property made damn'd take the I 'Swounds With take ! Ha this take I take , I take Prompted And something course the pleasing weakness and my , the spirit and If observe organ it though Have For most , murder May be T'assume you he harshly why by and he what with we will Did When will But will will will Nor will will Niggard Did , hear it . seem the it raught there of Madam This night Gertrude leave us , may , hither here , unseen , no I cause your hope , so : your for part , be shall his both , it your good Ophelia We lash a Is How 'Tis bestow loneliness too O is my more hear deed , Aside that speech 'tis Than the to cheek ugly heavy most my ! Let's withdraw be arrows the to thousand a we to say to . rub there's , ay to : and ? against ? slings arms ? a To sleep natural ? man's delay of of , of life of long calamity makes would oppressor's For That The who of of With But To a bare he When Than Thus enterprises this The Good this day awry now of resolution of thought , all orisons , Soft in a remembrances lord I the Ophelia my sins . well . remember'd my your That pray , aught breath perfume compos'd fair ? lordship ? unkind honesty commerce . should beauty better of the will honesty , translate can transform no admit from honesty honesty beauty a you once me virtue . loved . I deceived cannot so believe so our . be accuse breeder a I none your believe , home him Let them We the to If ice marry thou ; face wise , know your make I'll no to , nickname no more on't Those keep the more marriages creatures well powers you , given . Farewell , another , glass , The , will shall , live yourselves , mind they married , To , sword , down wretched , me is of of most his deject , honey and out feature what , little his I see , that way . ecstasy have affections , not , Nor what O'er . sits on hatch danger I the With Thus and objects determination for not There's lack'd form something melancholy the in : yet of How commencement and us Lord now matter his grief matter with matter you said Hamlet , the do , matter all mother hold Let his all if But heard matter you it matter show great And their plac'd conference so If so not , it spoke , I my your the you must very the you trippingly , go be ones unwatch'd do , tear groundlings Termagant it and who passion it a - own - special . for this - the nature - at tutor up with to very - both the overdone make , this in your one must 'twere hold your . Suit so to tardy off though ; and that , nor journeymen , had imitated they man scorn as , the modesty the the of playing own laugh the be strutted — bellowed . the with play there . them for the . And be For the those necessary barren and the the most a of us abominably and not it them made that then . clowns , it make shows . Go question you spectators that laugh . ROSENCRANTZ Will And the players help . your at . withal as cop'd art conversation . man Horatio ! service thee poor the absurd pomp ? spirits good thy lick candied hast think hope I tongue hinges fawning herself all of blessed suffers thou flatter the should of be , hear rewards that buffets distinguish mistress For nothing hast election , those - and for . I in slave stop what and thanks are she Something play thee see'st comment mine uncle , before the . seen note , join , If in that him , his . will both will Give unkennel one rivet of , pay I , to a play the you Queen and Guildenstern , Enter King this I . i' Danish And They A . march crammed of fares I have Excellent , No nothing mine did now How : the our air I : these words are so , good accounted Capitol i' you . you enact kill'd me you so a capital ? players to kill you attractive by you upon , Hamlet dear your you th' you was calf you hither mother . the No nothing I I a That's Ay Do you lord maids' legs . Who Ay my lord are father wear months half year a Then suit a shall is 'For epitaph outlive ; is ' he He takes and for O , But have for , lord two let 'tis twice - hobby he a hope lady , the kneels King declines , She a of , there's on of must , churches build - hobby horse of makes head his his takes of action woos seeming of with her kisses of it , leaves poison dead and a a upon down him pours body seems three or The . the , my . carried and love his loth accepts miching mallecho of ? lord ; argument ; meant show . mischief counsel you ashamed the . for and Here are You naught you a , 'Tis this For times . my , As cart love round , bands and be sick your Yet and cheer Make Since love So many commutual hearts have dozen the About may lord , fear love , powers Faith And My Honour'd For belov'd love fair do shortly grows is you extremity and , is love In , I thou must great , great is love shalt , None confound , haply — the husband shalt rest . the : validity on , love dead bed . of mellow debt . propose purpose lose . forget , but unripe when in like fruit 'tis what ourselves to What The passion To Grief Where joy joys most is , revels enactures else favourite love prove change strange . fortunes slender 'tis to enemies tend a friend friend I begun . no no no no , light , no beguile now be I . leave no . no Is ? but , the but , O too keep poison jest there the call . Duke's the King . puppets . you , love lord could , your one I you faces and , mistake keen , begin Thoughts your black written . name's You see how anon . wife usurp of shall . infected property , immediately . for's estate love in gets the frighted fares my the Away sleep on , weep ; world the So and me , sir a watch The some runs , share I dear reigns here now , a cry Half whole , This Of thou A realm know dost himself You ghost's my lord perceive ? poisoning the word for him , perdie . you it Come talk very like . comedy a of what , vouchsafe King Sir my , lord , rather Ay a for far him put show into my your to more richer to would , frame choler his my affliction sir from wildly your , this great . of spirit plunge so start . the to tame of answer my pardon and wholesome to lord , my you not , more , you the your says no make can Make Then thus shall you wonderful that to you with times her this mother's ere you bed any . further the . to You ? your and love do distemper of if your what Good And my that door lord can sir the recover my do lord pray I me of as no me I I you touch : breath know I . out the would ! me of pluck You and discourse not the have I . harmony note , you upon in shape a like Methinks mass , a you , presently camel ? almost that's and a . indeed fool . to , of now churchyards is , and hell itself Leave will time Now me out blood to day . hot mother friends , night , breathes the , bosom not ever unnatural . him in nor , not in , somever seals in in let in in Hazard terms England our so The his of many feed peculiar fear provide is it is much and of mount a lesser highest ten it but many whose from strength the and life of your armour ; but a like summit spokes adjoin'd the sigh ; annexment weal of which petty ruin , with . a . with speedy this . free too and , lord he's the arras We hear And The And I'll of meet you that warrant 'Tis some . you you what I know bed , going I'll said makes vantage upon speech defeats brother's offence inclination , O Were eldest . where if shall first business strong upon't , eldest bound double this cursed blood hand eldest sweet eldest I begin eldest intent Pray can I as eldest my than thicker wash But being . turn past ere the as white itself enough but we come twofold confront And what's forestalled my pardon'd fault Can My serve In be oft 'tis corrupted I ambition own which , and , it repent ! when , as to - when of be well it . when And , now would be to scann'd that for goes he so when my . father when praying he is when villain send ; May , his of And and course then passage his , in fit or in rage No , a asleep season'd and crimes my audit his sole is hire this , O his took He all 'Tis When To , When Or in is is he But in our circumstance sword At Then And This As hell him , his , physic , to thoughts up never it but words fly without Words home to . not ? matter offended the . idle with question an tongue . tongue now . offended now now with now now ? now now rood now . so brother's that a you me help , dead ducat a ? help help Draws ! you and sit you set down the I glass ? slain am ? what , Nay O deed . Almost and king a If Leave And If me have of heart better rash , wretched find'st damned proof be it What That your hands for lady As , kill 'twas my . too be to word . some danger intruding so ; thy an . oaths takes , hypocrite virtue blurs done , and made custom it From Calls That tristful solidity soul The As As there there there there Is there That so Ay thought there The what An With sick as the what and , loud me presentment picture thunders himself and on this of to a Hyperion's And hey Else Would motion motion motion Ears Eyes motion without so mope . or it serve motion Nor That motion When Since melt And not in frost And O in corruption the Over sweat no . grained to their tinct live enseamed an more mine ears the rule stole ! with me hover o'er What patches to chide , command visitation purpose sits works . lady , and hold and wildly and and thy you and and pale and look you have this ? is ? it he at your . keep is to ; love madness ulcerous to the this pursy do heart part the of it uncle's other doth in have sense frock yet Refrain fair kind or next more of or stamp , more to be For this pleas'd this and will again , to be remains lady ? do I again you call of reechy his matter damn'd in you not good am 'Twere , queen a craft essentially paddock in concernings sense the ? and Who secrecy , ape , wise know him let sober a , so , fair house's words the assur'd of Be breath What thou hast to England I have no of creep famous down made own that . neck in to own you , so , own own , your conclusions fly , I own And said own adders my concluded sweep their own and 't the Alack . on two ; hard go enginer work way meet . neighbour , this . counsellor most and room grave , my must . one shall guts night , was I'll , lug good to night draw , life This still most set two foolish mother an secret . toward , Who most a Good sir 'tis is What this translate Where must . son us your matter ; Bestow good lord Which Mad had His The unseen deed good heavy , to , and be to man cries arras the rapier mightier we all everyone been answer'd providence out disease let us deed threats had ; gone he feed our whose much was love most , touch mountains this skill Guildenstern ! him aid vile further , Ho Polonius hath closet you you pray speak out I call . him Hamlet whisper level untimely know both what we mean do friends to , blank diameter to his haply slander , our dismay discord full the done world's so , o'er Gertrude Whose Transports calls GUILDENSTERN Safely ROSENCRANTZ . O lord , Hamlet What it , and ! Hamlet , it ? chapel take it with may the believe not it should own be . the and Believe , counsel Do And 'tis bear us where me for your , Ay of what sir keep . authorities them you : ape replication sponge a my made an , he , I and needs sponge you of his service ; first is he his , end mouthed but . not to . with in and thing not — King not is but us not with must glad I is the A not , not , not tell you lord Of nothing seek find on , th'offender's their is to must have . eyes , loose him man the put it him This pause all are desperate must away bear To appliance . even seem smooth Diseases . not grown ? know . before to us him is cannot get him bestow'd at reliev'd lord from your , he where's in Bring ! Hamlet eats , but At Where is he . diet maggots certain emperor ourselves service . fat we your end worm the fish with king and may man to your thou a how show you eat worm king , eat Where to stay till nose see you To some do With , and . we ready tender thou For tend quickness , Ay For . England England , thou . Good purposes Hamlet and , wife man father for . is Tempt Come with ; and speed . mother hence tonight make . aught . man wife and — give haste sense red at awe free raw and may cicatrice sword , which looks thy great Since After sovereign Our And Howe'er And were know he done rages , effect blood , England at thy , thou set , it . with rendezvous ; know my lord . eye . so Good sir They , are Goes it The That hath go to speak gain to main of , some no it . of the then ranker will ducats , Or We Truly five it Nor pay the it thousand Two This it Norway or will and th'imposthume not God breaks , and of is . little me against a , occasions revenge A . is What of inform market dull feed with reason not large , after ? us and sleep his spur all be I'll And If Be Sure fust Of And To thinking three live , hath whether no a . discourse beast such or , coward earth as will gross say . by delicate a of strength such tender and this , do't To to for Even fortune Led army Examples spirit eggshell stir father greatly to my blood I stand a mother a . without , and be straw stain'd shame to thousand reason , of in and , what mouths Whose Exposing that When And To an all My hide Which like a Excitements That a the at honour's , will Her is What not have she father , she her hears beats in says her things speaks , sense use collection words , unshaped ; they aim thoughts own speech pitied . heart nature think sure were one , to . strew is for in true . her Let So And botch , 'Twere Each It spills How I From his , hat cockle his . staff imports one true love and you pray , you Say Alas sweet By And shoon what sandal his At He is Nay shroud his , White a Pray Which With to with the did , pretty you say a be . go - true They of , Tomorrow means is up I All you Then in la And To Indeed , men will , Gis without Young By she , Cock promis'd bed been must she not th' cold ground . you to night ladies , your . by , done to yonder ? be good hope weep of So thou I deep of good night . counsel him . We well would lay And good you sweet good coach my , grief Gertrude pray , you it , slain ; greenly , poison father's from All Thick For When But Of In Last , Her Feeds And wants Wherein Like my not buzzers secret in is , speeches keeps many my ? door . my my my matter is yourself my of more riotous haste ! the ' king every not custom props ! 'Choose ratifiers tongues shall hands O'erbears Than Eats The , O , you Laertes they , but , head , known call word begin him to Laertes applaud trail false cry They on counter are . broke dogs ' clouds leave in you No — I thank Give O vile , bastard ; the unsmirched harlot , our , Gertrude , me it . Speak incens'd his thus art demand Let my my my my my . fill . worlds throughly both dare and comes my ; only for damnation That I Conscience , his be . so know , Laertes in , negligence , revenge and to his but desire the it gentleman . pelican ope blood speak and to . shall most your father's , judgement for eye grief you a life I'll , death , your ! What noise is that by Ophelia ! rose paid of brains my madness as Dear bore barefac'd , the — nonny , loves bier revenge on nonny , a tear persuade . down - steward false that . remember master's O And . his - than ; father daisy There's . herb There's columbines and call . thoughts , love and thoughts of , may with . We A for violets bonny sweet Robin passion , white flaxen His Go gone and affliction She And will thy as was , And ha' I pray God poll . see Do Laertes , I right . He never cast we souls you by they Or crown find If us our touch'd by we , direct hear of They all Christian death , And you content Go but apart , will and hand , we that if not your soul call to . question to his burial due jointly lend in satisfaction but labour your with us , be this of formal in shall with as , his hatchment nor So is I are sir letters with ? world you . for speak know from Let not , too Lord . sir give your you , this Ere we these name God have let of shalt let letter thee let let gave let were let to I . are fellows ; wouldst let sail of slow , too King when thou . they . thieves they chase clear repair words of them I that and Guildenstern much He Rosencrantz they the matter hold these letters Farewell fly thou much ear they Come turn like valour and ship they of for to speak in they will And of tell thee These . to knowest haste have am thine will make the I where Sith you And put your have hath acquittance heart with But not well It he my . noble conscience me appears against , wisdom reasons myself — mother nature . The which his in it his my the Why I the to not She's O That to to you , perhaps , seem plague to not but not bear affection stone wind lost a to so loud A so have not Would reverted for ; turneth . moves by faults that his aim'd father again to , the go all revenge noble desperate again them terms age , back , will must mount But we it are your not we And And your Majesty From to I lov'd I ! Letters , What news ourself love . Queen to this Who brought ; them the my This by brought . them say they , I He them them receiv'd your I of . us shall . hear Leave asking and shall sudden this postscript character Know it should Or and pardon I some is shall first your more strange mean 'Tis a Can he . diest and my lord . in But says such thing ? shall No to ripe my but my means , him now and that peace o'errule my Ay will you it If As To my So thine As own my for my Under my That been say It of Wherein And the which death no not choose the . accident wind since talk'd falls in one part is the Of As that did I rather I've health age . and on serv'd Normandy that no cap of less wears his against , but his French gallant natur'd the , months weeds , seat , his demi he . Lamord life He the all . same , a of you , report in defence , the most be a sight , beg him wish with , his but play my ? you sorrow to lord heart ? time your love this a painting you ask that , still pleurisy changes , it proof begun fire That . much would ; at abatements tongues this easing comes yourself ? what : to your than More cut To That No return'd you should , shall do this come excellence your close , bounds those a And put have indeed no wager on , The Revenge Hamlet set know should place A not Or with a And Will I but blood no that rare sword purpose will Requite him do't of a knife cataplasm for that Under Where bought a for unction , it that through scratch'd save mountebank so , withal , from I fit to our us better blast a for in back look shape our think of If our , or convenience further both of Weigh May A And ha't We'll ! make your calls bouts As that he If chalice in make wager solemn nonce purpose One fast he Of is shows There Drown'd O now Your . our When the down on cold Which As Or Unto that one she of it But a native with their distress her up lay tunes old and from death . could indued ? not own they trophies weedy brook awhile pendant to Till element that then , water of therefore is Alas , the incapable fain my that Adieu nature . it that Let's of out have Let our trick had How Now I to will this Therefore let's again his Is she , on is buried salvation her when , it here lies act hath three , delver , good ; stands — will him , is point she good and , Ay himself his this is But that . Argal that he own life . should great more ancient Adam's up understand the dig Was countenance , in thou gardeners even ditchers He was the first bore arms not to How dost he answerest Go thyself Could . to a , a , thee to , tell , Ay Marry is built stronger than faith , the thy ? good in does do builds gallows the Who a shipwright unyoke . thee get , at he sings behove that love a meet nothing very it time the , fellow no feeling grave of little a employment me in such the me shipp'd had never and pate in if land steps clutch in stealing claw'd age in But Hath I hath in And in , in sing could which did this lord that How ! one - a - beg . to Mine , a think ache for Here's . bones cost knocked but had about the no spade now Did these ? 'em pickaxe another now , suffer might will not cases , the guest be a is to fines fine double ? of indentures full The his a great him his now this rude , double his of land , his of his than of the his . grave's Whose sir of Mine , For . and sheep lord my seek this to . guest therefore yet is in't . is mine thine away therefore it , not in't for , my You dost , 't ; sir ; man What quick and say will dig it for . 'Tis is . you me ? she's taken , years the long hast thou . soul of the th' near How One absolute it heel days , us that was a the three — the It was into ? England into ; there that . or if he that that as there that men as that that sent that that mad boy man his ? e'en with sexton and rot he wits ? i' been th'earth , another than — die that nine will we last will of thirty many keep sore skull ? years a his trade tann'd he A laying tanner . year ? hath . this Why . a three , body mad him This pestilence . rogue , it - skull And fellow's mad a Whose was I , poor now Here gibes your , Where it ; of and . rises oft , get roar imagination borne Let of a not your ? I kiss'd your , to of . thousand infinite Takes the ! one she favour lady's My is me , gorge and lord my , so that looked And smelt base uses of may Alexander ! this fashion curiously . too return 'Twere dust To we consider . But to to stopping was whereto ; thus follow him died ; so - hole ? trace enough modesty with . King the comes Here the winter's Queen , courtiers . 'Twas and else Laertes Her is Couch it corse The Fordo we have that trumpet been . great ground far ? death else souls requiem peace - fair and done burial more more Must We To As . her Lay May Depriv'd to Fall Till to Till of To Pelion the treble Hold her have to to Of to blue upon thy that most on treble to deed of . caught wicked thee this whose grief . Olympus or mountain of sorrow and hearers take , throat soul I is thy dangerous rash Away . fear I Gentlemen All , Until O son will no him upon this wag longer ? love , for do . her ! do fast thou'lt woul't tear ? thyself will I grave ? to , till , her here crocodile a in with quick drink thou come ? her throw . them let our ground , disclos'd are female work well fit will the us acres on , Nay burning thou'lt ; drooping sit couplets dove him on : the you lov'd is What pray and you silence Hear cat . that it me is have night's push your see be proceeding our a monument . quiet in me ; last ; other ; the , fighting , know I kind my serves us well Rashly ? than be the plots a Rough - There's divinity for in the that them sometime . do me let rashness my in withdrew , bold dark my , Horatio , how hew is Up sea find most many several , no leisure in England's reasons too life , at it proceed leisure more . with benetted thus Being I A to forget did once baseness Devis'd They . wrote I a hold commission , to wrote do know thou , flourish amities wheaten the lord what I my good , Ay the debatement should many peace An England should a comma know , or less death . seal'd to these of of was this allow'd and further bearers Not had even my was How , Why Subscrib'd Without He father's in of in . day safely , sequent employment to't . this points incensed baser the pass Was our Guildenstern love grow . this . fell a what , out cozenage angle perfect now ! is defeat their the 'Tis Does not that Does Thrown To his th'election is't ? for , stand my And our . not and to is be In canker evil further such with let this issue no grief . passion court cause forgot I'll of portraiture Peace bravery image am be shortly man's will It It the The , I Laertes life's But I humbly more , Your lordship know ? I bonnet his to thing He say him vice a be chough of his from at were diligence with use , sultry cold 'tis , 'twere that is , signify is it is . beseech you ; faith for ; great wager , on come differences find you divide Sir extolment dearth rareness him take to and who else speaks make true diction his of , nothing , in and do't sir , gentleman him umbrage rawer more tongue another gentleman this him you already all's . if , Well in me approve not ignorant should lest a dare his he's meed weapon What's but were compare well imputation , by the carriages poniards against of the the . to , six and the , The French might german more would against be the matter hangers ere done . most , conceit very you must you knew I , not shall King Barbary it sir you come three hits immediate exceed , would hath carriages six to be swords , dozen a He my , I to laid the hall the Let , but after duty to ; re , sir , yours , there . it turn Yours . lordship the . tongues . your no else — he habit are who habit through encounter a on habit — most ; their age it and habit drossy through and habit time the which and My habit pleasure lord , him I fitness , Majesty that ready play purposes . King desires you use some well to instructs me this , into France , have been not in . continual ill think I . lord matter wouldst is . of - forestall their . in to come such fall the is such such betimes not such be readiness The such me such ; done wrong heard needs I have I nature , proclaim , Hamlet away . denies is audience a Hamlet's faction His Let my madness of , Hamlet when wrong'd I What have be does , it then is wrong Laertes it If't , this honour this . this wrong'd ; o'er brother satisfied no of till love this like this me , terms my in and this revenge in this known reconcilement and stir and case aloof I keep I it ; and , and darkest mine . on come and wager wrong offer'd And I'll and Give You You foils them No by young sir i' , this well the fear not I laid Very like shall the do since is me likes Grace Your Set me Hamlet give the first of battlements quit Or Hamlet's the table , breath he , fire the . to worn cup the The in shall drink all If to trumpet Richer And And cannons The the kettle heavens Hamlet the to the drinks , you 'Now The In the . sir the to cannoneer ' a hit palpable . Judgement a is pearl . thine ; awhile brows . Hamlet fortune , not ; I pray madam thy scant win breath . late is , let My I dare yet the my will conscience too it . by . By and . thy me lord I almost yet Aside Say Nothing Have Laertes Hamlet them Part Hamlet Nay neither come are , again in you . neither rapiers change , neither They bleed neither neither as neither I How does How both is't , with justly She I am swoons drink Let the door O them , The the villany , medicine , no No O there treacherous itself turn'd on me King rise Never point venom ! lie blame mother's foul in . Thy , the ; O me Treason , defend thou off , my with justly poison death not noble by , on it Queen follow of mutes — but time That that are but or and Wretched tremble free I Heaven You make dead am strict But it liv'st more am cup the me O standing thus Let As I an Never ; Here's To conquest with gives . noise come This Young To , I die warlike , Horatio of the poison to hear o'er O quite Fortinbras tell On So Which him , have noble a flights And or on toward hast is sight . dead fulfill'd ? thanks our commandment and have is are Guildenstern senseless struck dismal give too come should England death bloody their for this you life to mouth upon placed commandment jump Polack give to order and the here Are since a , put judgements , All this slaughters , can forc'd unnatural casual cunning . upshot heads deliver . this the with claim sorrow of vantage also rights some to shall this For To bodies , bodies Take he most music Speak here shows amiss of . as . copyright Terms registered eBook Gutenberg to protect is including an the and PROJECT a and copying charge . If you paying and the without to apply and , copy and can States and distribute General it copyright distributing and printed States redistribution Redistribution commercial is with and for promoting for or the for of for mission in . for and org for file or . license terms with Redistributing read license not , have , If this using you must of you Project of for fee . terms electronic Use reading the agreement copies you If . Project the entity B by trademark terms destroy and electronic even things Gutenberg you with There works are the do terms way of lot terms of follow terms of the individual the not in United we as long performing law by unprotected work in the public removed Gutenberg the , freely sharing of mission . work course copying Of distributing the Foundation . paragraph E is in the compilation on based by works are . copyright from located to right United States all that access compliance will you a Project the to with with comply the this it without its terms terms agreement full . If . this with of of before . E . prominently phrase which performed , viewed anyone use of Gutenberg Project is , at of parts whenever may Gutenberg away no cost or re it the States is . electronic Project you org www copy , at in located are the redistributing derived contain You other is for eBook the of U not U the E . texts from . notice , U . not U holder associated access U work copied be U is it that indicating paying paragraphs appearing on work through , the paragraphs permission must . License not this other , display . E terms work Do or . sentence any part forth this of set work not links . active prominently may and the . this form access including Project . without , or of License Gutenberg . Project other or ASCII of nonproprietary associated any copy or access the work convert You . copies posted org provide a Project ASCII other for Any , official , request access in the of a specified any or E Project format alternate Project form a means of . distributing or may distributing a of Project a or fee of pay use use the You unless E access Gutenberg copy form fee as . License a . E from derive The Project the but trademark using applicable the gross profits providing owed is he fee method are to specified that the paid days of a . the you to prepare Project the address as Foundation marked , Information Archive of - in access possessed the e must You copies License writing You Section any Literary about Archive full by Foundation terms provide You any does of of and require work paragraph works accordance with all all distribution If this charge . on and employees in proofread the and considerable law efforts limited these volunteers copyright Contact . of works on , obtain Foundation below they damaged . Except . F . paragraph your OF in described read , and data property Refund trademark Gutenberg Replacement . LIMITED Gutenberg you , DISCLAIMER virus transcription a , by be or Archive fees . defect in written a explanation F with of lieu providing . it work opportunities defective your the on explanation refund electronic person within days of for or to medium you you the received person The . may work to lieu in fix may you may to may you of physical may choose the refund 'AS certain types may WITH forth may or this the may The law agreement indemnify to of this agent any trademark violates . limitation agreement permitted be of law the or warranties F . accordance . with providing or any following you , works legal including Section the additions . Gutenberg synonymous with the formats about work to deletions Information Project which electronic production , or electronic Project in old Gutenberg is Defect , financial need in of hundreds aged free of . you works and people from are that generations walks to come created Project . the help a Project and page is the EIN the federal under Gutenberg Foundation the your full tax organized Literary Foundation the about was Gutenberg can Archive the Literary extent exempt Literary laws of Internal profit non a to to deductible federal , can be is office at www laws business Foundation is tax Foundation's The - Email found the its equipment important particularly the to licensed donations be works mission . maintaining . regulating United and in To SEND up it with carry cannot survive the the all of in fees many paperwork received requirements , effort visit met statements any cannot not . charities not States with DONATIONS we determine and outside Gutenberg ways with Gutenberg of which are eBooks unless necessarily all Gutenberg eBooks volunteer confirmed support . only electronic forty are as not from a works of he Gutenberg that originator the often in website which the . Literary to how search