. yourself ! King and Stand Long most Get carefully He Barnardo ? live me . my of Not rivals If , meet watch . them I do hear think And to liegemen Give you . the to this ground . hath , night Dane ho make , is there ? soldier ? again thing this has And this says Horatio will not seen A , piece Horatio him . Welcome appear'd I to Therefore 'tis nothing , him of him entreated belief With may eyes of to . night of . this come speak apparition your appear not Sit us so are same And Well all of heaven Horatio . comes it Look the speak ? King the me harrows . myself and — it it , and to would . with , it usurp'st . thee . time this Question be spoke Horatio heaven it stalks . Denmark buried ! of I speak . look ! away thee this not . believe and the sensible own like ! parle ! angry watch our this ice had : the , the th'ambitious the He frown'd smote particular gross thought and land war ; whose Why Why nightly foreign now in what to eruption , and the subject of sore . sweaty the cannon , of of and tell brazen task , Hamlet valiant emulate Fortinbras prick'd but so pride Norway him , all and known which most a world our ; by the , least as Whose , Well this so you That can I , to our seal'd esteem'd of Fortinbras on who side slay the combat of ; the same , to heraldry lands his conqueror return'd Fortinbras by the of he hath For up list in't well stomach doth to And his The That Of Is this source I it it and was Well may A In most the ere little and stars As Upon sick fire gibber in trains mote Was even whose with squeak The graves Have and precurse the coming where Stay use me good Speak it Lo earth any If may do any , behold the earth with eclipse fates on blast or , together earth omen preceding climatures our heaven prologue And earth cross thou hast the uphoarded foreknowing thy fate done me , earth , again illusion , earth to grace . to , and avoid life , and , it of Extorted they say , speak O which ! 'Tis 'Tis being , 'Tis of ! Marcellus strike offer , if here stand wrong the ! majestical so gone blows do We it it is vain our about then that his summons . like speak the as malicious air To To faded confine on our of they are takes hallow'd in in hill . advice my tonight him our impart young , consent in us ; what , and seen by have upon loves shall , for eastward up we to speak it , fitting morning duty . our most , conveniently this him Lords our grief in hearts Though bear To The our To Yet Th'imperial Therefore be so we our one funeral scale which all disjoint our , death freely herein have For supposal our worth thanks . writ him . scarcely bed nephew's uncle gait impotent , Norway herein purpose in that the law for , of Importing surrender fail'd to we here lands of hears , Voltemand Norway and dilated your commend , made dispatch are , to more allow than show farewell nothing heartily : What suit some Laertes , reason the wouldst cannot lose And That You The The Than of , We And told You speak Your is favour and instrumental , him you his I thy fair best my beseech do Upon thy My and wishes your thoughts to father's leave , your my hath And Aside But more hour graces cousin kin colour on hang Hamlet ; still you sun ? kind like . off Denmark , die . lids , like dust for not like Good let Thou know'st And like thine thy like Do for like Passing like , madam Ay seems it Why customary windy , Together No with all the Nor Nor give these know lost , and must , filial obligation in your These But I For That can denote the To 'Tis sweet mourning duties and trappings That Of It fault against should To An most must Fie dead he We absurd , still , note to today died that pray , fathers heart so , of the must As And going , we is most beseech you you . father your , love : his intent , remain eye son our , prayers not you , best in cousin as Why ourself cousin I pray not chiefest cousin with mother cheer bend , a . and cousin in loving and go her cousin Hamlet cousin ; Madam whereof of fair Hamlet ! fix'd ! unprofitable God ! O ; But That canon O this , to on't to His I her That Let what Visit remember if it me A not As By Hyperion to he might too , hang to of , to this mother a , were old — uncle , body , she father's is of even , my , tears eyes , unrighteous in salt , have Like , Would Ere yet the . O to ; most dexterity nor flushing wicked incestuous it break But Sir , your good friend : see I glad same poor Marcellus from name my or Horatio I , my I'll what And very am But I make you good know ear your you make To teach what yourself A what it to I lord My , Against came mock , ever my I I had met my that I lord Horatio , eye mind's my dearest the day seen methinks tables marriage foe — king all saw ? upon take ; was him I . father father my your attent Season the For admiration King The lord My Upon an marvel , till to love exactly A middle on these me . march thrice surprised they fear . whilst , him to , he your - me , night father , walk'd , we where ; methought address like it made motion These where was . But speak it none I did ; this more like watch loud haste . our lord know we As then sound And It , in yet once and shrunk morning head , our as , to Indeed MARCELLUS you indeed , And , top Arm'd From My lord saw Then yes Pale . red ? upon you than sorrow pale very , Nay It have Most in anger . long seen his in ? grizzled saw't . haste , It warrant I , was me bid I'll If speak And Give it hold it you to have tenable whatsoever be it peace my , your , you . and , shall in And I Upon will requite the , in : soul the are embark'd give Farewell men's . winds do that doubt Do you , sleep , a convoy Forward , not The and For In and of must ; for health of the nor ; his his is to you but he subject unvalu'd on his not this of if and voice be that circumscrib'd state whole choice cautel of himself , his The His greatness , wisdom his in he give May is he And The Carve He may himself for sanctity the head the Unto to loss of your you , credent heart his Ophelia keep Fear lose , Out of unmask If Or with To the in , importunity of your chaste . your dear strokes desire enough of the to prodigal disclos'd be of . brother , to reckless and thorny ungracious and . own rede libertine , comes for leave ; you shame sail blessing few unproportion'd thought his thy , Those Be Grapple friends them Nor thou stay'd And you The wind character thou may Of entrance each may But may new unto not hatch'd dull ; unfledg'd but may purse rich lender of . may friend in may husbandry ; be may . and : chief , tend to in leave , your remember servants , my this . said said said said me to , private said said . Hamlet of and most so so and of affection , What it And If be it of way do of my not my lord Of hath He do know I Affection , Which are you lord what I a think tenders wind . to , of holy I do the lord , go , me tender the a love fool . time making this presence in - both daughter , From higher parley entreatments to larger For Lord Ophelia young at fire . suits , show investments their pious for bawds , is moment Lord Hamlet . ways this from lord come , The shrewdly is it now lacks . cold air ? of . and takes , wont to near struck my his It . held tonight and does the What doth wassail he - wake spirit Wherein pledge the his drum and triumph mind manner though I ; is't a native it am in attribute our they vicious , and marrow though tax'd east revel , and with other , the is the headed , born ; chances in . men , defect , corruption take , The the infinite As virtues my lord own his else Being in it defend damn'd , Hamlet hell me tell death answer shape us or grace I'll O ; but , sepulchre the , burst not op'd saw thee in wicked intents to royal . thee ; again ! in of the again glimpses and , the hideous of shake beyond this with should our reaches and horridly the to It As Say , I Do not will It not what for my , then then then What then then Which then It if it then tempt Or That assume might And there you Without The And That looks more so motive puts into toys fathoms beneath the . still . lord my follow I'll , shall Be in this body artery , lets . that I'll thee . him of further no . Whither Nay , direct will . shalt lend but , am , term am for And Doom'd art each two eternal blood flesh of ears To ; didst ; in strange ; foul as it and best , wings my sweep this Revenge Murder But most May the that thee itself is ; my whole father's noble of wharf Hamlet Denmark ear fat youth . with that have beast adulterate ! crown soul death my of , uncle that Now uncle uncle uncle Ay wicked , uncle his , gifts , uncle lust power , decline , heaven link'd as natural whose court But virtue , in a garbage the morning . thy hour the in juice leperous cursed enmity as gates a wholesome The The And And natural That curd and most like - instant , crown off life with And lazar Most Thus Of with with with A Against to with those thy mother . mind with sting thy Taint not and glow prick And howsoever for thou and thy this pursu'st luxury thee in nor let damned Denmark . be , old , fire at contrive soul . heart my ? seat ? past ; commandment all away books the youth That And thy wipe , from me bear of saws In thou , my distracted , fond the table trivial , there , by my shall pressures , all book Ay poor globe All My villain may least That Within . Lord be . secure Nor No my Good , it tell wonderful — reveal you'll by heaven once . of heart you'll and HORATIO , But say then would arrant lord knave in dwelling villain my an come a ghost no There so it it are Look And It is For O'ermaster't Give me lord my , is't known what one , scholars now good and poor HORATIO , make My In faith , Nor I , my , my , my stage ? fellow Art in so under this swear upon Swear . truepenny . heard . Once And lay mole ! Canst Beneath things in stranger this remove more , And are , as before dreamt strange or of as and day therefore night A worthy old , good friends ? come , we would' might' note if most — out could this head not . your at me to you , they to help . gentlemen need this , you spite notes . Danskers at , what what what means , encompassment , Paris , nearer , it well know 'twere 'I thus you Enquire said first drift come knowledge distant demands very son will question where father this mark you do his some you finding . friends , Reynaldo him put rank on none of so far ? lord my season . scandal on him ; charge in faults the incontinency it his of taints a blood mind ? Wherefore I Marry Ay , Of my lord , is sir warrant would I , sullies on of fetch , drift soil'd a little Mark you with ; Of Very man in of breathe converse the good , and to seen , then does And to was , sir What he something say , thus him you with such he then Or then He There or I saw There in the in with 'closes 'friend , saw falling 'I Videlicet And With Your bait windlasses By you son my lord . of we former have I fare , not have me . you have you wi' God b' as Ungart'red hat Lord shirt his so piteous in he been horrors of To As Pale My lord do the hand other his to such he his my stay'd o'er brow face little it thus to That his head went way light his shoulder without eyes all he and bulk go , help me the . command — jealousy age . King Guildenstern . close love you see use long and it thus to our and dream young to from your within unknown open'd aught Whether , much Some little on as draw you since And That To whom sure I gentlemen , Put As supply and have you by Your the visitation show To To he us give our be Thanks here And lay We up service both too gentlemen son and gentle your obey freely To Thanks And bring these and , amen . lord . news , liege good my soul my or gracious this good or , or I or or to to and or he but the , hath distemper main . Norway appear'd to and our from out brother to ; and whereat him desires good look'd your sickness , his uncle , impotence , brief , into and griev'd ? he ; found , hand Norway give And his to this pass . shown quiet allowance safety down business this well we'll home welcome night , Most ended well , madam is ; well upon - time and of , day time is expostulate to duty , night , flourishes wit time . remains effect pity . Ophelia — have , art no And of then have cause this now have . beautified is have . hear have have , her to have the the to , thee ill But truth never these O whilst my lady This they As so I would As man , it this love what faithful . prove I As Before Or I play'd Majesty me queen here , dumb , think - might tell on might honourable ? or with I , No this a told I hot the desk But daughter perceiv'd my When my had your table sight resort . for ? this he raves weakness — make tokens wherein wherein , wherein wherein wherein ' wherein state does , does does does , thereon does comes , give both away does . beseech wretch does do Well , I'll But I How me well you would I were my Then honest sir the , be a I breed That's , a a sun if her a not a How me . a . read love far a daughter to't look on words my lord ? I Aside youth he daughter may again , suffered He is . you that says here their tree - the What potently yourself gum that sir you there is yet as , wrinkled honesty their slave satirical that which should I and they to have though plentiful purging of thus a set most it my that A walk madness out Into of the old I . Aside . this Though you Will air that prosperously of delivered most anything , old These my except well fools my life lord there ; save Lord . I will me except you tedious God My My excellent You go indifferent in Fortune's cap we are children of dost do thou , Guildenstern , earth the over not not are that soles the Nor the None , my . good . at ? hither to . is news my sends prison deserved . true friends have she my , lord . world the are o' Then there worst wards in one then Denmark being narrow for too and , is is it have nutshell , bounded in were are merely dreams , and Truly Then beggars' . I matter you like will an , man wait not honest of , sort friendship you poor are . my , too sent modesties ? say we dear lord , my even thanks own my justly of . the which King , me no or for even be love , consonancy To ever fellowship you must by preserved you - Nay . let me and , Guildenstern tell secrecy why King so and lost moult with my promontory , o'erhanging this that ; have all disposition brave congregation beauty neither , this of is ; reason admirable god to , say to no stuff seem , said 'Man my thoughts . what the way Lenten entertainment and lover ; shall sere in th' verse blank of the o' ; part his shall — and his the peace ; in . the innovation they are . not did they comes , keeps little , the goose — are children stages are they they pursue and berattle aerie so are no sin , there , the like afterwards them to bid for tarre the has been throwing strange ; him for my apiece while do . carry boys O that not a there make hundred something Gentlemen outward , the fairly of welcome the to are welcome to extent my is the - west what the the the appurtenance . But uncle hawk - mad north see there second to Well , come time is twice the he comes sir lord news best The actors , pastoral tragical O unlimited Am call Aside not , lord th' well that love have ? look thee since well am Denmark , valanc'd show it . follows and What lot God , welcome beard , thou my old friend abridgement , then Why , know like , For where see heaven your . a , falconers Pray to to more you . in I ! God my young I when than ring nearer What chopine not cracked a like straight I , passionate ? acted not , if or , excellent others it to as in speech in phrase than me Priam's It so begin , memory Black , of very Aeneas' more but 'Twas speaks is lay not at When Now With as his couched mothers the a and lend their To like coagulate with murders dread in , purpose heraldry now Hath blood too Striking lord Old grandsire , Priam carbuncles o'ersized With 'Fore God at prisoner his feel , where it , fell , sword ; hideous his head . a with , Then rage , Greeks him , finds arm Repugnant Seeming Pyrrhus' was as the speechless a the rack storm , gods pause sword . wheel from her power the away you her hill fellies down nave fiends of Fortune on than , did less , the the armour Now thou out He's a or on is to too long low spokes round as As shall late A . diadem bisson barefoot and down 'Mobled mobled Hecuba or bawdry of . upon ! good lank clout th'alarm all stood blanket In them that her Pyrrhus saw gods , sword she malicious did the up rheum and loins — a head robe , sport at eyes burning move And thee clamour milch you mortal of clamour has he Would The mincing Fortune's if things have clamour clamour where clamour clamour no out . used well clamour , will I'll not , have will use Use them . should bodikin My lord 'scape man much ? whipping sixteen night , or tomorrow lines old friends friend him me Follow . We'll , Ay lord . my set mock insert and study a down ? lord friends . Guildenstern My good and , welcome my peasant this , monstrous and him to look you you ; suiting , do . wan'd function all to What ? or the drown would for to broken forms with and amaze rascal ears my Yet . mettled , general the Confound very - was muddy dreams dull and a say whose property made villain - dear a coward life indeed the horrid cue and ear of ? my pate a I my me the it gall ! kites , most , bitter hell with , bitter and brave ! I of by bitter dear my Fie , bitter a I ! brain my bitter , Have bitter struck by so soul have though most For Play With About guilty murder They scullion I tent That I'll I'll know T'assume More relative I'll I'll Abuses I'll I'll King the spirits , perhaps hath and such melancholy I'll . confusion days his puts on dangerous means find what he we with a him madness crafty would his true him bring we do But like receive to . state forward some keeps sounded , players . his of of fell the did it on as This And there he see beseech'd night To 'Tis I hear - And To We o'er They seem . Good With my drive And Her we have Sweet these delights . may unseen , love , ourselves sent as leave Hamlet , Gertrude , he That and bestow gather If't be And for your To honours obey , your it . again obey so , obey . walk ourselves you obey book this obey obey , this obey , word helps . lord that most the to ugly my not Is hear coming O or nobler arrows and ache , by end flesh That a a For who would makes a wrong of pangs The a a Must sleep perchance have us The a With a That When To But that grunt bare conscience does the enterprises Than And o'er sicklied thus fly And No The undiscover'd country bear that hue pale awry , orisons turn moment now yours of , day . well - them aught not gave never , now receive , well remembrances I you know you , again these lord My made with Take Rich Ha gifts wax givers to rich more of ; words poor things them , ha What That if you be , Are my you honest ? discourse no admit honesty than sooner you lord my proof of honesty should honesty transform the you believe time our sinners of breeder of very now inoculate so cannot made virtue me . of deceived more be yet wouldst but mother , in them ambitious , better nunnery to myself thee were indifferent arrant should such all more as fellows imagination Where's believe none father your , What knaves are be upon At home , help own house Let in's give Or what too you make restore and enough thee him , as : know , enough heavenly nunnery go , O your you powers make and , will have no I'll and rest marriages shall more ; Go have face of . The courtier's Th'expectancy glass of I Th'observ'd all suck'd of rose of the feature most tune of O . ecstasy most Love most That Blasted seen Was most madness which most the melancholy though , seen see what me of is most jangled unmatch'd ? not like , do that tend his , prevent : tribute , in countries quick he neglected his different , disclose England shall expel puts you yet of now as the you grief ? believe I him , thus think his Ophelia said entreat alone be you find in where . not the Madness Your best ones , as my but spoke may it many Nor gently smoothness . O passion Termagant dumb , it a offends the you tear the fellow , the of . I the the would the out was the the tame observance the action that the word , not of to the playing , 'twere word honour to the of end ; image , one which O , the make censure of others scorn as action own laugh pressure of and , unskilful had have and men so journeymen her . Now the theatre whole — pagan , man profanely thought Christian hope it laugh O be considered that fool How King too than is set , the the And Bid lord GUILDENSTERN ? work , too that ! service e'en cop'd withal man as at , choice knee be absurd the her election been rewards hear spirits lick tongue mistress all that , A Whose That thrift my could follow pregnant Why hast revenue what candied ? fawning distinguish men clothe may dear crook the of thee in man equal pipe . And so . For hinges . of , thou nothing blessed co will heart much the circumstance of it a I In one ta'en As blood and with Hast To they passion's are in , I before too my King , as one of occulted foul heedful his . stithy after aught If For is I And censure Give him judgements to face join is . be must , theft . idle Polonius Ophelia air are so eat , i' . Hamlet you ; these you My say a not the words , capons once . play'd accounted actor good ? Capitol . calf patience more attractive sit upon ; dear Hamlet kill to . so ? players hither , Ay a lord ready , mark ? lap your . lord your lap in my . do you ! lie ho I my , head , think I my nothing is my , thought I , maker ! Ay Who ? but died . for , ago two . my life is , not But . for O takes . embracing half long sables there's by'r on hobby a . with the horse - horse , build declines a and his kneels and , King hope a lady , he makes upon her leaves . neck or is and loth body dead The . She accepts lord this means is with with Poisoner The lament She , The off his takes exits woos her . some Queen to the , fellow show keep they'll ; it . show , counsel , of or prologue us and 'Tis We naught , to him tell what , this Is thirty salt the And About love Since and moons have dozen , commutual journeys and love be bands and hands , sheen Tellus' with borrow'd , sacred hath times us Make But For from again So In my neither women's is twelve times sun are though it or proof love love , former know so fear extremity made doubts love great love , Yet nothing quantity , distrust moon ere done of late , I you grows there are is the littlest fears great , do kind world — one thou rest in my love : husband needs husband second In second the what But Which base respects we do kisses my but of dead bed think like , violent but the they ourselves we sticks purpose is mellow when unshaken ourselves ending revels most . destroy grief of own What to violence Most But now determine lament doth . tree . doth ; or what in doth forget doth debt . accident doth yet to doth doth , flies love , when their none is light dead . our . run friend hollow friends of a doth begun overthrown are do him seasons love lack never want needs who But Our Our thy Nor are food first second , ours thoughts wilt no thy , and strife now beguile . be it be , me pursue blanks here opposite that once , what Each I If Both never much , methinks keep , she'll O Madam how The tedious day brain too like thy rock Sleep mischance , Mousetrap see done Vienna ; that have knavish piece , wince jade Gonzago a free our are King the it withers . my if and love one Lucianus , you You , good keen interpret to , I see puppets leave , the . cost dallying a I you and mistake With would , are , and a worse my edge revenge His . Italian very gets in i' the th'garden murderer . see anon my with false ? some How What , The Give fares me o'er play . lights let Lights . of cry of sir ? dear now O and rhymed Didst , well O Very of perceive ? Come talk the , if belike king note poisoning my Ah , Is Good in me No , his . the . so start plunge him into far your tame to of right it mother's end business pardon are great , hath sent my breed of . the will If . as do your , you , say say . lord the , My my cannot of my , and — mother answer But my , matter wholesome , that stonish my command but your so can you in a of my hath My wit's ; with my : she can make more wonderful She desires son thus We were lord My do And I shall lord own your upon door Sir lack advancement to You ? How Good my you , to the of me while when sir that , wind well understand if not lord my , me one grass see the , you play my . that I I as easy give breath Look music it as 'Tis cannot these I But , thumb , ventages with will the . of . are I . not unworthy pipe ? Call it make than you you ; me mystery cannot and you would you yet my be speak music you , do you think you and of a . you you . weasel you to me . like it They by . like a whale by will bent by . very so . and — fool . come — quake to do this on churchyards yawn Now hell hot her in cruel this firm unnatural bosom ; none to let . consent . ever , shent be soul , blood , my us , she safe with it . you you with doth estate us his . near of England your like give I To Most We holy live keep That and those feed and ourselves of and our shall will forthwith dispatch endure hourly provide . it religious bound the of life bodies many To many of but it Attends Each annexment I pray you to this voyage ; groan footed - now will Which ROSENCRANTZ We For we the , but , will the . process Behind hear My lord upon you ere Fare audience wisely warrant his to us GUILDENSTERN and the as speech of vantage , Thanks that you , and lord . to , murder brother's hath the offence is primal inclination Though It , O And Since , stand Were And I stronger rank eldest my it , strong will not man neglect than to in it not confront a where prayer as with the snow this brother's in enough itself rain pause guilt defeats What to I the offence hand , mercy ? heavens sweet , fall of visage we ? But . pardon'd crown And out is true and of action , then . But the shove retain and corrupted be May currents Offence's In My mine ; currents That Of those , currents To currents it can what In to give Try Bow Art O currents what soul knees All may be of sinews currents , Help and heart cannot What wretched limed , Be state engag'd , to Make ! as death What forehead . bosom struggling new well born strings . babe now he my father And would goes is to for be villain . praying . that not May heaven soul , full hire , That and same , bread scann'd thought save knows , this kills sole O . villain I reveng'd . do broad his A this son grossly And my drunk th'incestuous ; pleasure ; And And Then him soul . And days at kick No And , then passage horrid , as heels relish And That is he that hell And his of his prolongs , never up My thoughts advances . My mother and or no physic King whereto fly thoughts my rises without This , Words Tell heat that him Within Pray your pranks come will He his Grace . be , I'll . Withdraw been straight , have , Why , you , Hamlet Mother are by Queen would Nay , Have matter me , husband's not budge . help , up you inmost wilt of , help Draws murder part you wilt . What A ? ho I ! Is deed his , bloody and kill as is a know hast am , O , me Thou , wretched for be busy Peace hands . is , for If That proof damned And As a To took 'twas not , noise What let Polonius have virtue a As of from false From fair the very Is thought Yea The solidity , compound act the mass sweet contraction face Heaven's of . there blister sets as As visage - Ay on the Mars An Hyperion's what counterfeit was , brow this the index eye New The station and like on combination god the here like a did is Here brother like a Have Look your wholesome moor you . world on his Could The you This every husband it the blood fair Ha . love call upon ? judgement , it's have to you your at and what choice not sure for ! Sense ; would ne'er but was't so was motion ? batten mope hands sickly in thou youth let canst her flaming so Ears To thus hath ecstacy a feeling a as gives . doth actively fire Rebellious part . What blind , all , thy , bones true without sight . soul Proclaim burn , shame , no will reason leave , see not but an love making , leave leave leave live As leave bed . no Hamlet leave in enter a pocket ! stole — tithe diadem son your come Do You in dread command ? gracious your ! of lets tardy time say , go . works fighting her amazement , step Conceit How Alas is't , you on air , strongest purpose bodies and thy forget Do not to bodies weakest vacancy . almost thy bodies to it how your and patience Sprinkle bodies , in Speak Hamlet bodies , peep bodies in life . flame soldiers the , like an and hairs incorporal eye your the up Start him , him and stand cool on cause capable with effects colour . is ? you did yet Nothing Will My stern do you see I all see that look nothing goes even coinage creation ecstasy . Ecstasy yours temperately ! doth It . Bring the which ; music - healthful utter'd matter from , flattering Mother the have I And And re makes I re . to love place within to yourself , film mining is on re this all ulcerous weeds . re , virtue times pardon re vice of . the to heaven , of me compost re must fatness these Forgive ranker , thou and throw O Hamlet hast cleft for , to , what do away purer worser . use , who of That Good live the Of That He to habits a Assume And if the That I do To For And With I'll And when beg me must him again , be well . desirous pleas'd and this . but , and scourge desirous punish repent , are you . desirous can almost either wondrous blessing this with so So their desirous be I means no desirous this the bloat desirous Not , more to will , do , know you 'Twere . queen , a fair madness him sober matter his you you kisses reechy , again ? you of his to , your ravel all , bed mouse , damn'd out wise ? ape creep . of made . to be if To I I forgot : so . you to Whom And with There's marshal I the letters trust They as must Let enginer it have , me set . yard below , directly . grave . the an . fit . with . end profound . Hamlet while little them understand a what How ? These , and wind In What Bestow mightier arras in And out Which Behind his Mad rapier The hearing cries , place lord good Ah and providence answer'd be our of was , most fit love restrain'd , laid , of , deed much foul But so , Where is , gone ? to what yourself you , This Should But We not young mad on Even from and and . some : aid body . the , vile deed mountains skill to friends this in haste slain dragg'd fair , our we so , up haply do pray call and and We both him Into Go Friends out , I them what's Transports his level Whose know let Hamlet , in we'll closet mother's madness hath Polonius hath what to , of o'er as Gertrude And As And hit My soul and , the whisper the ROSENCRANTZ . Hamlet Safely Hamlet , lord , we the lord it . lord body dead kin whereto with lord , lord lord his , lord : rewards the lord his ; of end , son a the my ? he . but ear a , in not you shall , A the a is is sleeps foolish to dry again mouthed the . my lord thing knavish where but is to fox and thing A it this the . not body ! all after ! body , grown desperate but multitude bear desperate Deliberate sudden . we the the loose to man distracted judgement not to seek him their , law on seem , my , us . are worms he Not e'en him to creatures , but where ? beggar . the service fat only certain where's , supper supper he ourselves for end variable That's is is we , two , of eat alas Your of that ! eat this ? of progress the messenger . see within month . Send thither some lobby th'other , the there him seek especial — stairs safety thee hence , must we thine — prepare Therefore quickness He For it Good thou . But , mother . for . wife man my Come , is Tempt . Thy Father so and mother . cherub see and Follow him Delay Away if is thou love . for on my cicatrice thereof give raw not free awe aught haste done and sense red coldly , of the letters Since thy power us process like must me . present For Howe'er death haps cure The thou to By from greet license Go , my my . my Till king Fortinbras eye so . his in duty would his that Craves him If Tell conveyance Majesty . the of aught him You know , on . sir commands part them to sir , of Fortinbras pray I , sir frontier to in it pay To ranker should yield ducats hath five Nor A , would Norway be in or will never . it . fee the little gain a not ground of , I but name profit the ; defend . thousand wealth question th'imposthume is breaks thousand not the debate inward Why you straight go you please the dies God That b' be And If but with sleep and us unus'd oblivion thinking A Be Sure spur chief fust Of To Looking Bestial too will Examples a with , to quarter'd , I ever which parts . spirit Led this Makes by Whose Sith Why fortune Even But greatly father of a not that all Witness what for Is honour's at have to stir eggshell an reason to the That let Excitements reason hide is their reason reason My reason ? or be slain not bloody not , O like graves the reason tomb to my , try enough and reason of fight the , distract from worth continent will She Her mood There's tricks carry unshaped straws , of She enviously world collection to And as Which That , The hearers Indeed good Dangerous 'Twere were her breeding much nods up words one think with one another From By his And should I your true hat song imports this . sandal ? his , lady ? is dead grass a and Nay Alas Say Pray Alas , Larded to with grave sweet true White ! know say upon her . daughter showers lord my pretty you dild are , let's what you Tomorrow we God , no means is I Then in more . a maid Never All say morning Valentine donn'd and maid And Let And , I'll ! his the a he up la By before they and , By Young , are tumbled blame come , on't end to't me . wed ! choose shall ground counsel . to long must she hath you , close her it . springs , good watch poison death they , her father single Gertrude Gertrude ; grief , you he come father's the lay thank I ladies . And night give , this Follow in his , from which good and brother as mugger and nothing Divided to inter ; gone remove the muddied their ; unwholesome and we , my ear Will And on speeches in is his Feeds Last , her are wonder secret pictures , these all himself come as , dear , guard Let , them is me , my . list head , the custom were rabble , begin to but , as the the call door the . the him is What the , props riotous impetuous lord , ' , the cry . clouds king his ! and 'Laertes O this trail false dogs it applaud now 'Choose Antiquity forgot , hands They Caps , this king ? I you No Where I . Give door me Keep pray thank That drop Even of cuckold here blood the father that's Calmly Gertrude rebellion , his thus incens'd will Speak is go , juggled the blackest . the world husband so well . little with all I'll . revenge foe and . your loser writ then them kind my true father's gentleman speak your grief eye Let , arms ; pelican rendering - life them Repast , good am . it judgement . seven paid rose Ophelia ! come her noise O the sense . Tears of be that O 'tis of where fine ? May . salt bier him bore After the They Nature Should heavens , in , an virtue brains shall sweet the hey , wits — master's And O stole thoughts for in and madness , o' here's and you give would . O daisy . joy . all rue remembrance . and a when . columbines of grace . again come he , death And will he to She For turns and favour will - again poll . me apart but grief , will , ours give hand you wisest judge we , direct And of all Christian They crown shall And Make you , Laertes Or you shall give jointly we And death nor formal hatchment his so with . to heaven his , axe great fall is That where th'offence pray I means , noble trophy be No His No And they . say they in come 'twere , I greeted know 'twere not They them what have would should be There's . bound for him was let that Let him please and't th'ambassador I do shall comes , God to know have thou too grapple the have their . sail boarded alone the very slow a . shalt have of On prisoner letters have ; did I are will bring too have , am dealt to they a us we these gave compelled were They death England : much I me letters your may for thee knowest way you , conscience , hath which heart with seal knowing in your must heard your my whom a Pursu'd so capital , stirr'd special , for , Which O were all tell my against in things else . appears and you by conjunctive and , soul either for strong looks , by That virtue star the but count , him bear their that his the her not life in go , his unsinew'd , me But Convert like dipping to loud all . but , his it ; and my in ; faults to a aim'd turneth I to I his Too worth Whose Stood , I into reverted to love gyves slightly Would so A For perfections are your But noble sister sleeps it father . You we , our , lov'd think That we let not challenger And to Letters your This , now I your that ! they , hope pastime I beard will and Queen ? them the ? Hamlet on naked them . brought me shall , given were They kingdom Reads shall some mean asking and shall shall Hamlet's your sudden you shall , shall shall I beg and a the very the my Can advise , I That the . him thou be the me in , me the — his let But 'Tis in the it sickness , so you be my , the he undertake . his own will As should be If me ; Laertes rul'd by so ? he peace , a to , now , more to an checking which shall call his My To death mother will could be right ; parts of travel for from quality since hearing such Your in that the one As did Did You That I might and is needful The very Yet I've And can witchcraft . and a health settled light and , in part , siege — but his , Two against demi , brought he he , grew unto my tricks and and far shapes . serv'd doing incorps'd beast I And gentleman wondrous in't Here myself Had they , on well such horse natur'd , seat topp'd he had As For If And gave and rapier , but envenom o'er to you — wish his report beg with play this this father your nothing out , are face like was ask without ? your love ? lord my you A did is begun this think I painting ? a a not and spark , you Why that But And Time Dies there then this own And tongues 'should' . spendthrift in accidents ; it do it of very like to . for are , But would That a or wick nothing goodness his is like hands , this a changes , chamber , praise close keep those set Hamlet you Frenchman gave you the excellence , remiss being in your He from heads a No should sanctuarize ; ease choose practice . pass you that , it virtue cataplasm simples can all . anoint do't your in unbated peruse Most A With Under This So bought that moon withal I . that . I'll touch from rare father I'll unction no save further our this . of time death him my have that dip my sword . means slightly project might that our , on solemn We'll make a motion you your are to violent Soft , and this gall hold see and . hold escape there but stuck , fail performance should Therefore second . drink calls your in in proof wager ; whereon nonce your have hot more for the may , purpose chance did Should And As that bouts prepar'd , dry sipping drown'd , Laertes , brook ? stream she the glassy pendant do give a them , and grosser name dead an . crow a leaves grows aslant a in , flowers That Of our But Fell - cold As incapable . element that Till And time one Or Which , awhile of a she weeping mermaid Unto chaunted tunes , drink , melodious could not ? lay her muddy then she wretch death is Drown'd forbid will out fire folly gone . But , hast her custom are , blaze , she in she tell and and own , The ? own the . here her in her wilfully seeks grave her finds herself Christian defence For . perform argal . burial act wittingly is . if me man — drowns go leave to act , 'tis it se myself but himself if , shortens himself , marry But , Will Ay have you truth . world ? he his this had buried If this Christian out And say'st this the Why Christian Was and , thou Come my pity to grave he a makers up no that law quest o' the spade : or themselves arms hang . their ? none had dig he , digg'd art Adam to thee he thou Why without not me If builds Go arms What , question he The thy like heathen ; to that church argal the , carpenter than to good or to mason a Now . thousand to ? how ill dost . carpenter , stronger now gallows It gallows - in maker well . does gallows come thou I tell he are , and ; I Cudgel pace maker' I brains In I did a , love I I the contract I To thy - The fellow time , that of . he love , my , at the clutch the the the , did now ass might which not daintier sense it , been land such steps never me with age hath if it 'twere of ! How first knave How this that his would that one It might sweet - now horse might , ground a had murder to th' of lord a - which one's so see't trick , such . one , not and say 'Good meant my that it might , beg it knocked had about we breeding , fine be . lawyer about shrouding action his tenures a of with his shrouding fines , his ? his shrouding of time not knave shrouding fines and fine his shrouding of of his Is his shovel dirty This have more scarcely shrouding recoveries Hum with quiddits he fellow to does statutes . will lands and my more more this suffer his quillets , this . Why , might be will recognizances pair fine of ? indentures dirt ones of . lord made out — parchment lord calves fellow Whose skins skins ? this and of this and not Is to You my I on't I lie lie to in't for , a For be sir do such thou yet thine is from again thou no For dost ; quick it not and be , For part will it . the for 'Tis . me liest thou 't woman ? away ? comes have dead equivocation she's ? rest the . of kibe maker toe soul . years , in't buried be to , Fortinbras that . It How — to't the these speak that long — he can Ay he , mad , that came his galls a been courtier I is mad wits into recover his . or and ; as mad he ? England he there England , sent was no matter if are men mad they strangely How , How there him seen man . losing came he rot ? many have — will tanner lie here . his sexton th'earth boy you he keep whoreson . as another than is with nine you skull of , flagon the sir mad was , was This a I rogue three skull and . know not , Nay on A whoreson E'en , fancy hath . a most Yorick Rhenish jester those now tell , chamber , that own her . your one to of oft a of your Not now lady's she come must how your ? roar borne me it know . mock ? set paint an table chop my - Quite abhorred , knew her that this o' E'en so , laugh . i' ? thing my ? lord What's looked Alexander Alexander uses we the To 'Twere to base of may dust what he too till , so return Horatio ! Why hole lord so bung - imagination trace not may stopping to . it a to and consider him Alexander dust the thus ; barrel to wind the ! comes This . Queen is hand with King following The But O Mourners maimed life own they . stop Might soft a which aside ! that that soft Queen , corse The it Fordo very very that should in pebbles should be virgin burial very and the the doubtful ; very , very enlarg'd far as very order was o'ersways ground and strewments flints the and and violets and And and and No We To sing As her I liest and priest churlish ? wife while earth sweet treble thy most woe that ingenious cursed have deck'd , maid , or you have and her dust flat pile your caught a mountain a makes . is and ? stars hearers emphasis is blue quick dead whose This wounded - The pray'st him take thy me . something Hamlet ! be ! Good will no eyelids what theme quantity thou wilt is For woul't ? weep I'll To Be if And Millions Singeing Make sit drooping female work on . use it But that will Let lov'd is His ever , What the you sir will no do ; is me thus matter do do may day do good , set patience shall a do shortly the present matter in Horatio do our watch proceeding me circumstance ? the other ; fighting lay lord Remember my not rashness was a , Sir Rough When And a divinity them about them fine withdrew , my the serves bilboes . sleep indiscretion plots - my desire , life my , axe off , bold so to reasons Horatio bated of leisure grinding of possible how beseech . I Or Being his like wrote lord the faithful her like the That debatement the should He Without view Not comma them should peace An As many And , Why had even I the How that - this this this Folded Subscrib'd The this Thou fight changeling this - gave't up the was this writ never it sea Guildenstern they and Between the pass mighty Of Why it not hath in between my king kill'd out th'election and angle cozenage with let It must be the shortly . is life's am That by portraiture to I very sorry , forgot court my myself ; Denmark ? Peace good welcome back Dost know beasts I a thing , and , his is I , Put . my . indeed for hot you I lord cold , cold , thank your 'tis sultry very , 'twere is — has that sultry very it me believe It lord my , is his your faith court of of believe for Sir me is it Methinks — cannot laid here most is for to see would I and know gentleman . Indeed , of ; verity . his memory article , his infusion semblable the , more rawer ? wrap the more in . him But of sail quick great umbrage sir , tongue another really ? of You this His understand in the ? Sir I know do't will gentleman if what . are him , in excellence lest Laertes not spent . you were would — sir , Well faith sir sir me ignorant not are of approve the imputation compare with know . to ; his six responsive six him . conceit ? carriages delicate must you I assigns The knew The more would I would our sides , King , Barbary liberal , exceed come would shall sir , you , lordship on passes you bet till , hath , I no your in to immediate laid this horses carriages : that's swords all He And . for would of answer . win my Let the answer the , lord my breathing and not effect , I the time will here day I re deliver this To commend ; walk will e'en you and . nature lordship , I but shame so what to head no are on . there himself , the with away I drossy do carries bevy the of lapwing turn it the know dug him to out in with attend that I . King's the they , Laertes will provided If so be whensoever able . time his down . or pleasure use you In time happy my mine The desires The you , lord my me so . the think shall here all's about , good my . it lord such Nay foolery but But my Since You it a woman . it I are repair will . gain . but : into went he odds heart is perhaps . matter a of the readiness to from leave ; done have . are a come if a , come and it in . gentleman needs I , it this you sore sir knows I might your What punish'd must as presence your pardon pardon't Hamlet , here Laertes from Hamlet Hamlet he's does is And then the poor not himself ta'en away and , it . If't denies Laertes Hamlet is in from your brother arrow hurt o'er most of terms should and . will stir honour — night sir . hand . darkest . Cousin . Osric have . heavy too well . These me therefore , Let I . it better'd he not fear is is likes This do I Ay , my hit table . that , earth to the , speak . a . wary , hit A , One , No , drink first ; Stay play this He's Here fat to son touch take , rub . Good will I Gertrude . my madam you ; madam I drink , I . My I dare Come I , I think't . thy , I yet wipe now almost . almost . almost scuffling at almost neither so afeard pray the I almost almost Have wounds ; Hamlet , again you bleed How Look , come the to , on both How Queen , is Laertes woodcock kill'd does , dear , slain ; Hamlet , here the world half , do can there itself rise again . Never to thy . I damned , serv'd me with justly , noble by union thy Is here Dane am . thee come follow I upon Hamlet on father's poison free of . it . make thee that are his let Thou the cup If standing didst ever , what , unknown world breath behind wounded man , story this ? pain in awhile heart I'll , Heaven go th'art Let hold from Young What Absent Fortinbras This On Fortinbras live quite the To come . die , heart Good angels . has poison cannot him has He prophesy th'election crows - o'er , I has news do potent has So But occurrents has less prince . has ? has . of noble sing drum thee ? death your , a O , you ? proud shot at you . these unknowing , it my , invite I now , And Of But minds doth perform'd lest happen captains errors and Let was Hamlet a , are be voice memory to presently wild plots ; and for the soldier prov'd most like men's On likely For The and to rites of passage , as amiss this will copyright United , part in works U by copyright States not and without copying apply set ! be the previous renamed a without works charge Gutenberg to the paying distribute and permission eBook this use works may eBooks S of promoting the Project work . license , this and file terms Gutenberg Project , to all by agree Gutenberg Full this the Redistributing . org using that indicate terms reading By you do you you must for , as you you work agreement paid fee way paid you you by in a all destroy Project . If you electronic obtain trademark in work electronic are by . There It may few Foundation individual domain all E access the you Project in United law performing long the the from derivative individual prevent to you support Project are Gutenberg removed by on copying based the of with terms works located work are United , copyright compilation the are collection references displaying claim States all a free in Gutenberg terms of with to it of place with keeping freely . mission You this work attached without the laws associated full Gutenberg by work in also countries United performing any , States the this makes , in no Gutenberg to License any : most the it online under or with , eBook use and laws are you must E . or comply in anyone electronic charges with E and work the appearing use in of both imposed permission comply If . the will posted Project Do terms or Project E Project work . Project License not displaying Project . with Project . links E word than or to gutenberg version provide copy , the , a ASCII must copy you a other fee distributing with copying may not , Do . Vanilla user . performing . pay or charge a distributing of paragraph a charge you access You provided of fee You already use the to you use owner agreed the days . royalty applicable tax address sent . the returns payments , The you owed is derive from has or must the but . using to paragraph your this Royalty . Gutenberg prepare to specified Project the of he notifies s all discontinue destroy Gutenberg return Project refund distribute . agreement within free paragraph defect days you . this a work , if a paragraph Project medium or Gutenberg for on paragraph fee or works the permission paragraph set manager of as and paragraph copyright in do . by paragraph . effort electronic , Gutenberg not to collection Project protected identify . must Archive below Section the Foundation expend and . these not , Defects . other of not , any other under , YOU damages Archive not this costs and and REMEDIES HAVE not NO in described WARRANTY Refund Literary Gutenberg not fees not YOU liability of refund in a written explanation a the on physical person a return the If by the , it it from that must provided copy may in limited you opportunities work this for , is . F . provided F warranties certain certain maximum types WITH set of of this not invalidity Foundation , Foundation , or , The disclaimer this forth agreement limitation or state provision agree employee . law works distribution and , from costs a modification c any or of free by with about Project to b arise cause Gutenberg work , fees electronic electronic including additions because is Information any , Mission the the widest - all financial people they assistance freely . To that are for ensuring need Foundation Information the information about corporation and Gutenberg Mississippi Foundation available Archive Foundation future learn more efforts page Project Foundation under tax organized your the at Gutenberg or extent contact at . www information page about - business S NJ contact . tax deductible Contributions federal office to . Foundation's . Service . number Revenue is Foundation and to Project are in of outdated Gutenberg Montclair official Literary donations particularly We do , we these . charities effort have The the determine or we cannot www solicitation accepting visit do approach and Foundation considerable where States requirements received . the . status ways donate Professor including , addresses online Donations Gutenberg States checks United methods editions distributed freely Gutenberg Section . to to help includes at copyright in www our : information website This including subscribe to our Archive Most how facility donations to our hear Project about make how