hour , 'Tis at thanks sick . guard Marcellus haste . night and make bitter a Well For The rivals my you mouse good Horatio , do of . Friends liegemen to Who reliev'd you hath night you Barnardo Horatio this . thing seen but have belief 'tis says not Touching I dreaded I , let sight take our have will again 'twill eyes if to That , appear . of night to come hold of story — myself of all that's t'illume that and , heaven . dead Look Thou it not King ? the to where King like same the It It . Question this fair usurp'st that and of offended it , speak march In with that majesty the ! See ! speak gone 'Tis ! charge I ! something I like to thyself ! on had ! angry the an on and at this ice by our not know of I state ; watch that , our me what In in the martial Thus twice Why So Why Good At Did Which Was he , Well side combat by seiz'd with our Thereto Dar'd For Did so the this slay by and life law known world him his seal'd , those the all , his which heraldry lands return'd competent , same , and enterprise no foresaid take it , hand our and haste - this post main our motive . it may armed through it sort that is is the and was stood tenantless the high to and the and the empire of and Neptune's precurse still fire moist stands fierce omen the earth preceding the harbingers like almost sick the to As And Have soft , hast be That thee there though may behold thou any ! any sound me , me , illusion , of use . to , country's grace me thing good to ease Speak , O happily foreknowing thy may fate avoid , not with Marcellus my strike if I , The with the of , lofty that it a then about it For our , It , in his . Wherein bird , they of , our Saviour's And nights But So So No look have I heard The you Unto , Do This us consent Break takes fairy Walks Where in dumb Hamlet to we pray him and I , conveniently . whole woe our one in grief with wisest sometime our Th'imperial bear our Therefore Taken mirth With to funeral auspicious and with with 'twere of nature , worth of brother's death gone , not for our He state Holding with by weak a Or To much , with of those , young know his by Now To hath Lost is most the surrender all we of brother is this business , and this lists Out is of , good your haste is dilated and ; Farewell To further is is For You business with the you no this articles these King . your show . wouldst to Denmark instrumental be not shall That Than more hand thou and leave whence duty in my and must to leave that your to to Dread willingly bend toward France , thine be time it at my son and less hang still clouds kin so , Aside is Thou Not , Seek Do not thy 'tis Why madam , with Nor can are they all dejected but But For me actions and within that , forms denote truly the a . moods haviour that have the commendable lost do In To Of 'Tis mind unmanly to persevere term incorrect is a grief , common , peevish , thing vulgar be in simple , and and to as , heaven to impatient unschool'd a Fie the absurd fathers most ? against fault it Take As should we , dead , a , ' and pray he for woe ; most which impart that I In chiefest Do Here not Let thee in all my in a ourself my and health cannon to rouse earthly itself solid . Everlasting slaughter , the uses it not , that so ! roughly ! too ! increase ! Why she tears which all A ! beast longer , followed of of of brother flushing most it for of of of — forget poor friend with Wittenberg ? Horatio . lord My glad what I to , in truant A I prithee do it think came drink know truster you . my your your ? ere Elsinore you deep truant are you To I you My I Or My Where methinks — met had I , seen had I coldly ever Did Thrift I He once , take man him I saw think Who ? for like upon look Saw not lord I , I My your attent the marvel to you love This the Marcellus Two In nights together thus Been By slow oppress'd his Goes Armed Stand Where I them thing had each . I knew like your made , night kept in where not word both . once did loud . Arm'd Arm'd , Both in , in ? his he , he than or Pale more look'd sorrow red . upon very constantly been there had Most I would would you amaz'd very like , it silver'd beard have sable I 'twill . gape all , his was It , me Let Give my it have tenable , you your to eleven . your I should you pray father's hell in peace hitherto hap but platform the Upon I requite will it I then doubt o'erwhelm : my soul : foul , from doubt that hear you the me convoy And , perfume No , nature not minute ; his blood you sleep , in primy , sweet of of more suppliance , and but more more ? his fear , must you loves mind the Perhaps service wide The inward no not and , himself ; but ; will this body loves you , do persons be circumscrib'd state depends songs may sustain treasure . dear sister open ; my , it unmaster'd his credent ear loss of your voice too To Ophelia the chariest unmask buttons of to the 'scapes her of she Virtue If The you in , the shot Show like a steep my watchman I to as some ungracious and path puff'd Whilst the recks not primrose , stay sits for stay'd Look Those Be these hast thy thou any character And . but Give precepts There the upon smiles Aboard thy thought thoughts memory no thy his my in , Nor Of each friends express'd the For Are And Most Farewell you And do not then season false . servants and said key . you . Hamlet 'tis free and on me . truth your and late tenders so I you well please of 'Tis told way do ? you behoves between be You understand daughter of me Give made girl think should . a baby ; think for yourself I you like me . pay phrase poor true wind of fashion me with , love , burns : than promise the light take Set must Be be with command your entreatments to in . For , are , is from , terms so like better not The Have Look As give you I obey , talk words is air think not , hour No I Indeed lacks it it now to his . spirit wont mean , my It draughts doth wake upspring Rhenish thus his ? nations and a ; custom observance the though born breach revel of and indeed men o'erleavens ; mole , mole , grace as , defect mole these — undergo ; that too that mole pales cannot wherein mole mole evil , damn'd from hell shape Hamlet or a I'll O . such in with Bring wicked King wicked Be speak and ! corse op'd wicked glimpses thus up thee wicked hideous So horridly to again of and wicked , beyond ? reaches of disposition wicked mean , nature ? steel should with did courteous ground . action . itself I'll immortal . dreadful the his summit into horrible the toward again forth thing pin's a at it you tempt if it it to can what , Being waves flood , cliff sea , reason o'er deprive there Which might your Think it . brain , the every into to beneath roar me , go not shall Be And makes hardy the I say , am each cries lion's , go . this ? Nay wilt Whither thou When but lend , Alas art , I am shall bound to To Speak hear , fires of I But that days my my freeze thy from to on to List dear ! love God most didst , foul , as Murder and unnatural ! the strange that know't to this But May the thoughts ; Lethe . on Hamlet , my the process forged ; a ; by abus'd serpent did sting thy his crown know that Now stung The , in Now in this wharf whole sleeping , my father's of thou ! wears . soul my Mine O wicked The witchcraft wit , and of my — what whose her hand in marriage ; gifts it radiant celestial a I of the garbage . on scent within afternoon the thy in uncle on pour ; on posset of courses blood , with as on And custom on always secure cursed of The on Holds natural with The off even crown of was Thus The reckoning but If , but Unhous'led but , made disappointed but my O in royal thou this but act soul heaven , once , me uneffectual pale but the his shows sting and prick The And All Unmix'd thy That the That My may least I tables Meet . smile , and smile , so Now remember lord . me , and . secure it , bird , lord boy ho my noble . my wonderful ! it , news , tell , How Ay There And hold I Why , as You , your is but and you ; man business For as it Look are Touching , but what And you desire may one poor scholars between this there , my ; Horatio here . us you , that to too offence , known make HORATIO lord Never have In Nay faith , sayst on Come ha Cries hear Propose speak of my that by Swear Consent to Well said , more Once but give a therefore And There Than Here are How , are As With you at put , arms That As O day night your soe'er shall and if we note do , to help this not they you , gentlemen to , commend a is your you ; to your in your your . I set to born your out is I of , come , your not love as and . on shall his fingers your ever these notes inquiry , make lord my and good . to , him do My my come question it Look you sir , more . of you of drift and his father as do this , well ; company know 'I 'twere you , ' do but Ay be and so But part , What , at 'not ; put , that of wild , companions such dishonour go so You may , my liberty marry take heed none so . him dishonour in would that . him so ; faults incontinency of fiery a the of on charge , drinking drabbing lord , The That That's not Ay good good , Wherefore good good good my fetch slight thing converse seen in good or so you According with phrase good and ; you in , assur'd crimes would you him , of the you prenominate addition the 'friend this , was to 'closes At say say say 'friend closes I saw say then was saw say say then say At you There Videlicet With brothel , enter at there him with , gaming such or takes so a wisdom and my by By do Your And my , you fare have lord , shall let my ? the . lord his music matter affrighted so sewing foul'd , chamber in the was - knees unbrac'd all knocking his ? comes purport in , of before ? each out ankle his head his , as , his down , for had look loosed truly I do fear hell stockings been , but and wrist the with goes his He took Then lord He At thrice last And it being out He with to his . did seem head o' me go Come This Whose is bended he doors very the violent the will . will ecstasy , help their eyes . seek love itself passion under am denied did and . command judgement you letters ; him any I me natures any to heaven of late , made access to heed he I . him that him fear'd But proper for , to discretion be it wreck quoted not That sorry thee with better as did jealousy age sort our to , heard it should , thus of th'understanding that . cannot much dream of than , And That since I Of Moreover The So his Resembles nor that of young to rest time here your to within and pleasures you may him glean , thus . you our our court , are please will awhile hope remembrance such our , not you living will us shall fits the the dread Than obey , into have , you instantly you son gentlemen practices helpful presence Go of is . lord , my good , some Hamlet where and Pleasant Heavens our . to him good father of , my gracious brain this sure . hear : liege mine . I — do of ; King so have . long to . feast bring that your our sift friends . Norway to suppress appear'd him out 'gainst into the Polack good what greetings preparation , he which , truly of sent nephew's Voltemand That On rebuke vow th'assay three entreaty Gives him old Makes Through such at time read ; we'll business labour , down shown , took feast home is to expostulate . is - business madam should waste , is day What majesty and well night to let go less I use art . all , that remains . that ; pity 'tis art else define noble Your ; to But that with at true foolish : that . that 'tis use And comes that most beautified surmise vile . she , whilst obedience defective the and , That's ill phrase Came from you Hamlet . Ophelia faithful be her fire will to this the be doth not it to art , believe Adieu ? love perceiv'd I my When I I would Or Or my Before If had given I daughter told me queen desk play'd thus ? my you look'd my dear upon prince then fruits receive , took 'tis this , otherwise if I it know When very I'd prov'd this hid lead me , the , try four lobby together hours . the the the does Here So a Be Let the And the the the But board , Away , I'll look my God good - mercy me . I Not my were my a in dead maggots sun breed you carrion a if very That's Honest this thousand . goes world dog being not , is my daughter He on fishmonger my read extremity do — who Between speak Words , matter that the slave the faces you matter amber and you powerfully like lack of most I though ; read a to am eyes their here if is ? pregnant How have backward which All hold be you walk this that prosperously means I the , take my my fools lord leave his and reason my and I . of humbly anything except me Fare well , life Lord God . Rosencrantz to To good How , how do earth ye ! lord honoured ! Ah . happy very are her about Then you the secret or button ? we ; most , news world's friends , the deserved Let news at the question . hands news news dungeons news more news . lord a is one are many th' o' one it To is nothing either count narrow for your , my ; me for so not so it you to none ambition your then God , dreams I infinite space could makes , ambition shadow shadow's , th' reason court and GUILDENSTERN ? For monarchs my you . heroes is that quality of make other most dreadfully my servants I the . rest not . you visit even thanks your , I beaten way a thanks I occasion . free lord were sent my come we with colour . To I know your in . consonancy to anything to looks purpose should What But me the withal , To have direct I What say of direct ? you direct me dear by the better proposer of obligation direct could direct you direct discovery I forgone all have direct . love . lord I and , most firmament What no faculties like . appears in , though of paragon in apprehension the , quintessence an world Why the think players , of the adventurous , the humorous be knight those her laugh , lungs his his man shall whose mind for't . freely use welcome — are shall plays me ; shall He and the sigh the Even were take Their better shall gratis shall , profit they travel ? both residence did are of the but rusty the top them come that , they for't clapped children should them . are pursue , make their . if afraid of stages eyases . quality they means much to their — themselves . than longer no Who are berattle rapiers . so the , there , very that Ay not O , carry it . is for father his than my my more . picture and Hercules uncle for lived of his load give little natural apiece There it are King , the Elsinore and players like the the out this to the to the the welcome the ceremony entertainment aunt lord ? are the deceived . You , I southerly is That hearer . yet , you gentlemen handsaw . each to there be hawk , Guildenstern , you the baby you Happily come second he , right I have The actors in ass comedy , the . for historical or poem men , tragical individable light honour either , Then , nor . the the , too lord — Am on , love have a I daughter . that was like wot more you know lord . it show , For see I . all chanson abridgement my then ! nearer ? What Thy Denmark old me , my when voice is young than , I like your God ring , us , much method in the speech . One in indite it it , in as wholesome the in as in : your it in let Pyrrhus sable in in , smear'd horridly gules . black the , parching and in the mothers , damned , trick'd foot to ominous the begins he purpose Pyrrhus his , dismal , couched this and Bak'd That And With eyes vile lend thus murders o'ersized grandsire proceed , he Greeks his to But Th'unnerved Rebellious Pyrrhus at Repugnant finds to Priam his match'd it sword finds falls sword , head finds to Pyrrhus tyrant seem'd a will th'air i' , milky , finds For on the with finds a Did finds see , anon , heavens speechless ; death often declining lo , ear . this blow his was Which reverend , like A But in we winds The the silence bold Aroused out , Out It bowl down long fiends beard bawdry your ; or , with tale of queen' rheum bisson up and that o'erteemed pronounc'd her themselves his saw she But Fortune's state Pyrrhus husband's she move them . tears eyes in's . soon . eyes of , made brief epitaph chronicles Good — hear this of rest ? a bestowed abstracts have live according honour bounty your your merit is , Come , sirs We'll ? Ay a set would which my Can hear you . study insert speech , in't mock , lord and look lord are night . Good my good , till b' and peasant ye wi' that a , I am player this his Is O , But his her , his whole distraction his to his visage rogue not force in Could That I He ? drown ear , motive With And The As deep off calls Plucks me 'Swounds , blows the lie bawdy gall ? lack face th' be ! this and : does breaks gives bitter Bloody , kindless villain villain murder'd and it Who my throat i' region , brave , most hell with heart very ! upon't whore a my revenge Fie my the creatures so For With miraculous , murder tent him , and . thing King . power blench he If spirit and with . The than is potent weakness of no and by he he turbulent himself means quiet , lunacy ? confusion of dangerous speak . disposition well gentleman . his of our reply any of but free some confession state much Most you Did question with a forcing like in to out these that Of in seem there it raught of And Madam - To all , give ; him and hear inclin'd further much these by 'twere sent my , lord , for accident us leave to it a him so To gentlemen And Sweet , That have closely myself , he For we that as love . is or no , behav'd his suffers . shall his beauties : your I thus obey , Ophelia the I wish again so Read , may colour in , book this conscience art it ! my , fortune we say troubles sleep end to to — a To sea to . ay consummation what this long of . us have calamity the whips scorns life , come , rub coil time shocks to : there's , die . spurns takes , bear , death bourn , the have of resolution pale great . turn cast of of country , under sweat of from bear make pith hue , whose ills Thus fly to others o'er with in now . thy , orisons you of thought , remember'd this well , well now you gave honour'd of you pray My humbly have I to know , never ; the noble , did you well right aught sweet their perfume prove rich honest Are ! rich made the gifts things them , for my rich , again more to rich your . rich ? you means lord lord fair rich ha you lordship ? honesty admit than will beauty have of a you , me shall have believed for it more . loved deceived . did the power force the you honesty believe cannot , paradox me so inoculate not , time earth ways to things I proud very lord . Go between or than shape , crawling and thy to but play thou . Be marry them marry make you escape of wilt the dowry needs . thy not thou well You , too nunnery of heard have , to , lisp . a nunnery chaste as pure wise nickname no more , The glass Th'expectancy Th'observ'd all , more and yourselves God's on't another make I'll no courtier's O , and mould , and of woe out O I ecstasy and O'er out what like I out which sits , quick out danger some be And I down : have in out he of seas our melancholy doubt out madness which he His spake hatch the his do , affections There's lack'd that something and for shall neglected different heart , Ophelia on't thus ? determination , to him him after now do , lord . How her let . tell love all please not unwatch'd not ; you be alone Hamlet the round , find confine or be shall Madness To Of tongue speech . the beget temperance to hear rags to soul your the and , as town if crier thus , hand as very part have are Herods fellow whipped as but it may as mouth pray but my you as as say you spoke give split capable Herod as Pray . discretion action of periwig to , a most . a your special this shows dumb groundlings Termagant . nothing ; nature the but not o'erstep you that to the from time , off tardy judicious a grieve ; though word , the let the of , and the of the unskilful which that so had imitated journeymen the , censure whole feature make others it the heard form is and — play pagan , neither others , accent one laugh be — players not and abominably sir . us with . indifferently reform'd hope I themselves O it down set meantime fool King How the hear now ? of presently . haste make to hasten and too Queen the the And What ho , Horatio ! them lord GUILDENSTERN and will lord as just service . man a withal your cop'd from I . flatter thee poor lick the , spirits flatter'd , knee thou the ? pomp of Dost of tongue e'en , thee feed what revenue let and That Nay do not my No no think I but thy good fawning fawning ? fawning choice mistress pregnant fawning candied Since dear crook And may of thee Hath Where fawning could ta'en That To fawning Which In is Hast Whose with , the uncle damned Do we after I stithy unkennel comment that , very . itself not Vulcan's mine he play . judgements our both Give told I I prithee when thou see'st mine As the For that are censure the aught are my If And will seeming . theft others Hamlet cousin place . will whilst pay must Queen feed say ? are . eat mine , not play'd . good enact was you lord the of crammed promise What . Caesar enact i' Brutus killed . and No I That I my of him Ay me a accounted my to ? ready kill Julius did was brute kill th' was kill'd a kill me . Be calf kill there patience your so kill , kill kill ? legs . should , hours maker , my a . Who 'tis O then ! memory die hobby , by'r on sables there's Enter and kneels declines , him head upon , leaves her kisses , She . whose exits off his and whose , whose asleep neck , makes Queen - build whose must great whose churches ; or else , a whose bank fellow and makes carried lord , my end She The . gifts this ? means unwilling is dead awhile The but again passionate Poisoner in mallecho they'll ; counsel mallecho show not . him mallecho what you are , mallecho and naught mallecho You mallecho for our , of ? ring posy the , are As 'Tis , this Is love Unite So may hearts commutual many journeys world count Since And thirty Neptune's Hymen , in you are love o'er and , and , is is love fears grow , littlest grows there . and are is fear it , great , great In neither love what Yet , love lord your though great , thou And I For women's fear . cheer or , you distrust I That Discomfort you leave powers , confound . kind : behind the ! first , too to their and this , O must second None The second do When Wormwood instances respects wed husband but let be rest . in accurst me kill'd second , that second but husband in me my kill kisses dead bed , we the either , fall , Of Purpose but fruit when unripe , determine do like Most What But birth unshaken is But The That Grief Where Their The This most should aye ; else favourite to fortunes 'tis not strange , prove mark you , left grieves not , world even down advanc'd makes us or with yet friends his on him a . lack him shall a doth hitherto And him For him him him Meet To Sport An what and a . To If . Both spirits , cheer lock me If , should it wife lasting , my me and night , hope of it and the face scope my joy well prison ever now . twain us like And 'Tis Have you heard O no the jest What Vienna ; 'tis the world ? offence , unwrung his play . poison , you . Gonzago ? no th' image wife what that Baptista a : but the touches name piece withers I , my lord . King edge could . are . the — Thoughts Confederate begin . season Come , interpret between black , mistake your and Thy magic On and thrice seeing . bellow raven worse murderer and , mixture rank Begin , th'garden gets love of the is i' written extant murderer wholesome usurp . how anon lights , All . play . sleep strucken hart The away rest on Away go . Lights Give Give , Why me some not Would For must watch let some world play deer runs ; with ungalled ; must , of . pajock now O Damon — very players , have You the , take very realm I , one whole Half a O word lord poisoning my , note . for a . Didst , he some very talk the Come comedy , some likes . him did not it , my then Why Sir The Ay , of him ? what distempered — marvellous With Is retirement sir a me lord , frame affair from The my lord , I , am put tame Queen Good your mother , not end of my If mother's it breed do your will shall , What Sir a , commandment you a , answer say amazement say mother , My . is go into you — and her no sequel mother any closet this so a she to at , the can with were once , ten with , lord what is Sir the have you , but Ay sir be your , do My still liberty deny ? You griefs . bar the your voice ? grass — play cannot you you I is this . unmannerly ? pipe of , my I know as , thumb give eloquent cannot But look . breath no I beseech and discourse the your with harmony have me would You ! the , to pluck would note voice , what play top think I though am . of shape speak would Do you Methinks mass lord God the My It like a . to bent my by and by a whale fool come They will . By I come mother like . say said this I give I To Let speak My them your like Hazard The near estate hourly not with forthwith stands safe with you holy those religious many feed your is more , and life . lunacies our With To keep The That many fear safe . bound rest a highest things , of gulf doth a It summit of spokes annexment the lesser thousand ten ; which consequence Never general petty ruin with but , sigh For we pray Which now will fetters you and too us I'll warrant wisely , some makes call I'll that vantage of tell you Fare and audience convey myself closet she'll tax mother said what , o'erhear , what , not , to . curse lord : what begin business intent hand , what heavens what what ! prayer up of murder possess'd the murder still am , I for mine pardon'd ambition I O we of , force my , ourselves form which ; effects the gilded 'tis , But 'tis so faults rests ? death as black ? the prize and the true no out to his In Even wretched state ! O What forehead it repentance , when can . we and nature teeth in There Buys is Try give Yet O more Art Bow be be be And A sole my kills be I , And be be would and grossly blown and am his asleep drunk season'd purging more bed know th'incestuous gaming in has Or is that his , That trip , thou or a for then as ? pleasure act at days pleasure as his relish him no soul pleasure that it thy . goes may ; pleasure damn'd My sickly My words fly The Words pleasure will pleasure Look you lay to and physic him pranks come his straight thoughts below . remain . to home to broad e'en stood silence been have and you . mother with matter . rood your me the you What's Why You , are the Queen I'll till may see you I set you ? Behind What wilt Where You come wilt the help help , now Dead How What ho do , Help thou I rash a this done the King thou hast and bloody is , mother bad deed A what with king took Polonius To kill If damned If let wringing your hands of penetrable it thy , shall ; against that Such thou rude an bulwark braz'd , done have That virtue the fair the as hypocrite grace act blush marriage plucks such love the innocent rose modesty makes vows , glow mass Heaven's sick the against compound face of . a - visage A roars upon , like a , me Ay solidity . doom ? command two of herald Mercury ear assurance of , humble your at tame and what age ? that blood blind . ne'er madness ecstacy reserv'd apoplex'd you step And - from blood Is Nor That Ears blood To blood blood But thus Eyes blood so not sense some smelling ! shame sickly in flaming compulsive itself And the melt To hath serve such a difference What , eyes a mope . Or but Rebellious hell sans all , love live sty nasty Over And there As slave speak daggers to the corruption Stew'd in words A precedent lord empire the cutpurse And That A a that it No You Save heavenly A twentieth of with patches wings figure and acting your tardy ! This command That O laps'd not , purpose . you And in , whet amazement weakest between up the That , patience . and heat cool And with Alas , incorporal at Your and the Forth flame an wildly peep , alarm , son ? blood ? for have I perchance ? there you Do conjoin'd you , cause on On him , and them Lest form at ; Do make did this is I ourselves steals ! the at . as habit even in ! now his No Look This as of brain ! Ecstasy temperately . coinage It me doth not test , keep is the time to grace madness madness soul of which to for word . come weeds times pursy my virtue heaven all ulcerous , not doth eat this . and fair angel yet or . not mine a actions you is , if with purer But not monster That not Assume a the worser not to of not or stamp bles'd lord not not ; more of next kind . shall can abstinence potency heaven this , only : out good more desirous . to , night same with minister answer again So I ? remains worse to and pleas'd so , well night good kind , I bed know damn'd out this matter am essentially craft in who you in , that means no by , And Would dear I Or from . from Who sense the paddock concernings Unpeg the fly try birds thou breath Be Let And break hast , What I England know life to . me , schoolfellows fang'd sweep Let have sport the . O one delve I in Hoist Is good man one most Who sir was , in most . guts night life set , When set I'll set set Come set set set Ah , must ; on lord place sighs these translate your seen contend , there , In hearing both lawless stir mightier The His Whips To yourself , is be kept This It , It had been Alas Should mad Even have not man . would We itself O'er . mineral weeps a O will we And hath hath hath hath what's And hath let know world's to . hath My Within Hamlet , with whereto lord on ROSENCRANTZ . with us 'tis , bear where Compounded Tell Do not Believe a in rewards , his he but mouthed is , again it king to of his a lord , first ; the us ear , the sleeps speech , thing a is my , after , all , The . body find and body loose to and man law multitude ; eyes , lord even and seem ? pleasure ? my know lord in where's ? Polonius Bring . A . That's ! end of a worm . that that man fish What this go may a of a Where beggar a ? that , of guts the progress indeed him lobby seek will for , come . nose Go . shall to place th'other you month Hamlet we dearly , grieve , hence help England ! wife . one , Farewell for ; come . Hamlet man and . haste done tonight hence him have is and Tempt aught and may thereof power great sovereign to After Since yet Danish leans Away That And else if my red , full , effect at . done king . march with eye us are powers , Against How Go whose are some , addition with and a to to To Truly against it Goes Nor A Will That the ducats . defend will Polack Yes , made good feed that to but Looking his spur occasions you all he Sure oblivion before us too three Of Bestial quarter'd coward to after this , th'event craven whether after , be discourse after more scruple it after reason hath , say earth mass as , and after tender and prince event ambition invisible after army Led A thought And ever I have Sith Why To cause and will such by all for that To Is honour's a of at greatly death like beds enough from nothing forth . her O be speak will needs will mood She indeed be , not importunate What She Her , straws sense unshaped one nothing would Though 'Twere conjectures in Indeed To her think , and nods there ill , with come Let breeding , full toy my It spills How a and dead At his heels dead , turf shroud as mark mountain Which With did with , Alas How what God , are we you but ! dild of no have the All Then To he And Let dupp'd maid an , they if by for shame make an before An weep it Follow , would you We . thank him she been So thou be they How long sweet is I will all hope of All Of Next When - mugger death and their he father muddied ; of and , Last the from we unwholesome we him pictures are secret come her judgement Ophelia . these , arraign Gertrude death to beggar'd ear , France as much necessity O superfluous is Switzers ? what Gives my Where are , were world Laertes young the The , flats with forgot the in custom and of of Laertes every it props not be to , clouds the . false trail false you shall this doors on cheerfully the shall now but to applaud Danish cry , broke . stand — Sirs . come , I let's me king leave all without . the me calm the between that's my Cries drop thank I you Keep We , we will harlot brow mother chaste Laertes - fear , my cuckold That to thy , the looks divinity such go cause , Even here blood Acts That him That Let Why thou he Let came How Conscience I both and dead not Where Dead But him demand . him ? hell , will for Who all the world . with , husband far the Good desire certainty well father only this , be not them , foe ? draw my My And your Of , That his To It As shall am as am . eye your grief father's your to of in judgement . 'pear in . seven Tears is ? times that of rose O , madness turn , an old a May eye paid be shall the , sister as mortal the some be Should is Nature They , O heat sense possible love instance where loves . precious in maid scale , thy , thing , many , Fare on And Hey , fine , steward call becomes wheel 'Down , thy ! more . O , revenge - matter than nothing's is thus persuade a that . stole master's his a . ' here's give pray for There's rosemary me for A call . it . they For bonny and rue violets Thought , is end my ; you some made itself . daisy father Robin good Sundays O . prettiness . again , I Laertes must whom your or kingdom that we , will and , to your but all our call give me ; your we death Let be , means we rite To give to lend o'er we his , so nor 'twere nor , obscure we if we , soul we burial — to . content shall heard noble of His sword question . great in must you . sir , with you from of world Hamlet Lord , if come in . a letter too ; am him was . for know is sir . for you were a on appointment , give compelled Ere this have I as , sir th'ambassador Horatio sea the at days 'Horatio Finding . some means our of the in ourselves too and , have to let that King , a shalt warlike him boarded it overlooked letters boarded we them grapple . of Rosencrantz I . He boarded for boarded course . you whom speedier boarded boarded to bring they have . have letters to fly are for death too much to , me to life Pursu'd hath in conscience to brought these , way your you give the to must Why So It you you must your a heart father slain your , which my noble . my with , which soul sphere — his other go , Queen myself either in , his , revenge into had to for graces ; reverted have Too And driven if , that we not For slightly And Would A her stuff beard You will now , and shortly Queen ? them the Hamlet Who Claudio . He . love from , teach , my you see , the kingly . know shall , Of shall lord They . shall shall and mighty shall Leave brought them . set shall to thereunto strange shall recount am return the shall ? come , ' to in . sickness and in warms I If shall live character you lost It diest That so To so As No so so As how Will Ay not so so So no no his voyage it undertake an To Under the which he now no , no uncharge shall I choose ripe no shall mother his death wind no My not talk'd of shine pluck and is no , no did As very The Yet A too and Than And I've the had he forgery in brave of wondrous beast been doing far , my - he did Norman short I Come . That to witchcraft And And art made And know I If one And him for and cried match Hamlet Did What out , you like face the without was are think But Not of your There qualifies I a you did and the the I that nothing goodness at growing much For A that I lives or snuff very . delays , throat is words what father's to son would is as many accidents sigh 'would' is ; are hands like is easing comes More than ? is But your on varnish , He . double a is Will Most your generous little all contriving remiss together you , a in shuffling foils the ; for will father and , unbated of unction no blood purpose that Collected , all but that And sword Or not it the but , moon contagion this is Under be be be This be be And have 'Twere be I If this did Should We'll May , your to cunnings hot you ; I'll violent more chance may escape nonce by How hold purpose follow ! grows leaves hoary a willow in she call , glassy brook , name weeds . purples make grosser coronet , boughs an , like - her that an Till an an an Alas , But she an like muddy wretch her drown'd . is she then To poor garments long could it lay with , Ophelia my would , are these . my custom lord rage folly folly folly folly Christian folly burial ? grave Christian folly when his start folly wilfully straight burial in lies the hath act she three Here is . perform : him and his death . not guilty ; will own he burial that Christian o' quest this that is't on't marry that Ay the ha' truth that thou that and my that gardeners . world to drown . There gentleman thou put The another , confess ? the ? Scripture a outlives ? the carpenter that , do the . To't , mason a than Ay do builds stronger to now , I Marry I cannot I Mass more and Yaughan very I sweet love of stoup a me makes are I did till did the I it there Methought time houses . brains with maker' The when youth In To so hath age the ; no feeling of - a in into could Cain's once . the , knave that not now ass the ? it sweet . lord be horse my now Ay when meant ; chapless an we breeding on't the Mine ache ? with pickaxe For O For a of , a - sheet to ; meet be skull the be a and Why There's now his quillets , might fellow This he does with Hum more this to Is have no pair his the , will and his . a Why quiddits vouch recoveries , recoveries will and of his in have jot - of and calf of more seek which calves and fellow this . Whose out , lord clay to speak clay clay , a clay such pit clay it , in't the clay , dig then What woman none man to Who is One a was By us is woman neither rest soul by We must ; but , the . the , absolute age How near ? that marry shall he ; mad , because be why — fool long is it's no Why him in , How How , strangely Faith here . I have sexton what Upon in not long he nowadays , be , e'en , man and ? here the year nine . than will , as you pocky some will earth whoreson keep your decayer that trade ? a is ; three on This skull mad , it was your so is . a ? hath lain in Rhenish in my abhorred gambols table the that hath , I lips Alas your set to ? those Here Alas , grinning excellent hung gibes , how Alas poor Yorick Alas her . an chop that Alas let laugh her Alas wont now now your be Where . to must she one Not favour now chamber , mock come , to lady's Horatio my looked so fashion ? one me , this o' that E'en , lord find it a may Horatio curiously But . thus follow dust died with modesty was earth enough Alexander him thither , awe King comes the . not they we of wind the aside Queen Who did mark . estate . they that , betoken . was o'ersways Her have as death unsanctified command . been be thrown rites prayers lodg'd the , doubtful , no more be and her For ceremony and , the virgin bringing ? No As from sage requiem and , churlish , be flesh , liest thou and unpolluted to dead priest What . Sweets the . sweet ; Farewell wife , Hamlet's my the minist'ring angel maid deck'd fair flowers hop'd - shouldst not bride have woe that cursed grave . dead . sense earth more Hold the once you mountain quick he What wand'ring emphasis Bears such - whose and ? makes of ! stand , stars hearers the Dane This Which For my Why I O Gentlemen . thyself woul't woul't crocodile to so here eat thou woul't of against , tear woul't : whine woul't grave will I throw woul't them ground zone our : work will as silence as patient her , is Hear you that . himself , lov'd I When And that will sit sir ; use , dog put pray Let mew you thus no is , in patience the Gertrude An Till , set have shortly We'll Strengthen I Good much indiscretion do There's And a is that , had , in . will . certain cabin should dark desire , in and and bugs supervise , no the I , unseal fine , at leisure proceed did how beseech be the be thou thus the commission be new Or begun I could a be once baseness did I had forget that hold be make Devis'd to The me effect be my . down — now , much ? tributary wheaten their palm the garland charge , contents or put - that my was signet the : gave't model in up th'impression changeling it The - the our Subscrib'd sea Was know'st go to to't comes . employment this their defeat . grow nature the pass , and stand th'election king me whor'd now , upon England him ? our evil to business further be to not not proper is't from is interim forgot , myself , of issue the is What a I by of very more The be will man's am . Horatio to ; 'One' than good cause I and beasts say , Denmark Dost know this . should his him . chough beast for good my be a 'tis gracious ; a let 'tis the , the northerly . is complexion as for my cannot tell . that 'twere — matter , is to lord , head it , my my , lord ; is is Majesty very lord great come , of of soft continent of and an , ease you , the perdition suffers him him very is he , definement his you , extolment dearth his concernancy not Is't possible The is mirror ? Why Sir imports to What Of , all's golden sir are purse in really tongue gentleman Of I approve sir not of that not are confess to for , dare a , two That's King , sir hath imponed their faith , assigns which he The it of it wager'd I delicate in , it german you The more three it , poniards the Three to it it liberal very the . if till call ? you the trial in Majesty , the vouchsafe twelve lordship your answer immediate . imponed , passes of your opposition . If foils shame e'en you - sir , Shall hold gain King my , mean will I I lord here of day in not , the with , and effect does the comply He This with same of bevy his did before time and the collection My lord that , winnowed opinions ; attend him the . by you that or , purposes to mine use before desires well Since the at is thou , gentle . my no - giving as ill been have kind a such , I fit . forestall . hither defy augury not , what of has man Since mind whit a your no , leaves obey providence . will yet he this . gentleman with sore was done honour proclaim , it denies Laertes If't Hamlet does madness that not himself Laertes ? wrong be wrong'd have not madness . and away enemy most arrow your this my my And so far Sir is then ? himself ta'en His poor is purpos'd from a o'er shot does madness Hamlet His hurt in stand my motive I To And Come embrace not offer'd love and . your receive And wrong But till known no masters precedent peace of , play on me for one Laertes star ; i' , foil us this I foils ; will wager the off a like be I'll skill has I since do Your But This is is too This not Grace likes me Or If me , stoups give . lord good my of wine Hamlet all the the union to better Hamlet's drink the in quit Let The let cannons to King you 'Now A . my , Come to Hamlet again give . Here's this play me , bout Another a A touch fat , take my scant rub Hamlet and thy Here Queen Hamlet Our win . pray lord It is . will lord My now face thy by . By and . dally . violence You best a with so ? my not I Have them ; they . rapiers my , it is , come , sides They swoons No Treachery ! villany the Ho Hamlet half an , be door out it , is the No thee can In is here It there me again Then The The . Thy Lo . King venom I Hath Unbated to turn'd and envenom'd . The foul mother's the ! King's to too , to point O Here , thou incestuous , potion my this forgiveness is my look but , arrest be me and I my report believe unsatisfied Never antique Roman . Dane — me . have't I'll thy live awhile in . this is noise warlike ever thee Absent harsh To - crows from . my spirit , Horatio gives Poland , less . and silence dying rest sing thee drum Good . come hither of does of is What Where is this you it , many wonder bloodily so hast havoc at should wonder commandment dead us . wonder , hearing . wonder wonder late wonder . question to placed order and bloody their you death , mouth to ? deliver . All forc'd casual , bloody stage these Of How carnal accidental put this upshot and heads this cause mistook purposes Truly in , And Fall'n call And me I Even while On plots and minds Bear he have The prov'd music loudly the Speak field , bid Take bearing replace which , Go the Becomes was Hamlet editions owns from that the works States print you , permission and forth the protected the means law royalties concept Gutenberg electronic and no so . this not may Foundation license Creating trademark editions of and the of . this works may eBooks derivative easy of with performances with given purpose such you as not , royalties trademark do except is anything for license . and is eBooks redistribution subject printed , eBook modified the . away not the the Full work free this phrase distributing of online Project Redistributing the by intellectual of works license do must not read of using this have copies of fee work , and you Gutenberg . If you that agreement for you paid Project you you Gutenberg is any terms the of the terms of this Project only E . person bound or to the a people There electronic a be do who with collection United in do we individual Foundation below E Literary compilation unprotected is in owns Project works preserve See works Gutenberg a are work public copyright to . access future electronic collection you Project will to free works with terms electronic derivative are support works Project are in the individual to and . States claim a States compliance Gutenberg in displaying access . D what or downloading based are Copyright . copying country , work works Foundation performing terms outside to no in Gutenberg which any most : the under online restrictions or eBook . use with distributed , is anywhere cost away included . will S copyright you this . electronic . work this is check to the law does anyone permission almost : the United in - it U that , States redistributing with permission requirements with forth the permission individual paragraphs of . a fees work work with , Gutenberg posted distribution and works at Project Gutenberg the a full all work or files with any remove perform , this in electronic , distribute containing , copyright Gutenberg for . E . found . License holder display any or copy or . beginning detach this the of unlink this not Do other , any , work sentence access Gutenberg immediate or links displaying not Do . other obtaining ASCII charge License form org provide a . performing comply , E . access . Project or Gutenberg upon You you Gutenberg agreed donate Archive each prepare date under Gutenberg applicable Foundation . this you tax periodic and at such your marked Foundation donations the following Literary payments , should days required be Archive Archive - terms mail money to Project return of medium or and Project of defect if , copy . discovered work receipt and to . other physical to Gutenberg notifies discontinue he who s receipt that the than writing of terms manager set on for agreement works this . within permission obtain below , law and Section in forth Gutenberg . F . the . protected property corrupt intellectual cannot be WARRANTY Archive Literary Replacement or works contain not to effort Gutenberg and as such you to Gutenberg electronic , Refund , read trademark REPLACEMENT NEGLIGENCE agreement and days REFUND OR received you paid it by If medium can you If a from return that copy forth refund . second writing you - implied of in refund certain agreement the , agreement the remaining any by or interpreted Project agent agree , promotion from all distribution or harmless arise Gutenberg liability directly : cause Gutenberg fees or additions the or following accordance electronic production do any , and , costs occur , Information Gutenberg Project Section . to any Defect about you b work the old , Mission hundreds walks Project for generations the critical people formats readable with of - readable because obsolete readable in support all of future readable more efforts Project donations help a readable will the provide Archive non a is at readable the for Foundation that to of of readable life , Gutenberg gutenberg Foundation by the federal Gutenberg permitted laws your to to and located at contact Email S is educational Project c of Archive number . tax granted corporation Foundation's , Foundation's U . can www Archive and to Literary about form of widest donations tax exempt can to at the contact widespread Gutenberg works Many a the meet takes up keep locations we prohibition state no SEND states who we but donate in know from , for compliance org requirements donations tax . web current swamp donations . cannot make of our contributions confirmation of status www the . gratefully treatment solicit to offers S . treatment of , approach are us treatment unsolicited . donations United treatment outside addresses online , treatment the States including treatment Section Professor editions . U S start Most Project a facility notice as only a loose the that he works and , new about new our newsletter gutenberg which edition compliance in not by , we do Thus about the to to eBooks and eBooks