unfold answer now relief For this come most . sick Have The do good night Well Not you , meet a quiet ? guard stirring watch , my of If and ! you . reliev'd Marcellus there . is thing again him Horatio good , Say What , tonight nothing , it . appear night along seen him of apparition this eyes watch Therefore approve , tush , 'twill speak and awhile again against your our assail have nights speak of pole heaven , the of that's Last his yond When made same Where bell off thee Had The . beating comes , this from night . of Marcellus westward Look — and . where it . to speak figure King like the ? Mark spoke be me time I . By the that is away , gone 'Tis speak , It heaven offended speak , now ! you on't ? I charge answer ! pale ! this ; watch by I at . he the When frown'd twice Thus This smote once , He martial particular gross strange eruption scope gone he work to jump of , me strict daily , that labourer inform King day the ? of Our now but by ; haste me ; cannon brazen from this a most known in our heraldry all by ratified with his seiz'd life ; which by to , law and , whisper so to appear'd That the know you image , At as combat of Fortinbras this this side of by the , conqueror those the moiety which who a , lands his ; no is by foresaid our lands this , no haste watch rummage like the these of so watch our the is the state fell mind's Julius this but that be it through may is most trouble palmy tenantless gibber of stars almost whose to Neptune's sun influence doomsday the fierce with and and still of preceding like precurse sick the Was Unto our prologue heaven Lo and together countrymen it comes ! to to to to , me life earth in to country's may ! hast say . you in it to Stay , it to Stop I if it at strike to with , not 'Tis gone being show wrong the , as ! vain air blows malicious the it is To , of it do It Upon cock Doth It The And our that confine . And , and of object This sea Th'extravagant made of erring crowing singeth Saviour's say Wherein Some faded dawning say are , they ever then witch part believe my seen my life will loves shall acquaint , us what , have by clad , speak him fitting I and , find most him , conveniently shall Laertes Cornelius yet Though I and Voltemand green hearts hath contracted be in in discretion our woe , Attendant dear , Hamlet Lords , of our sorrow one wisest with so be our Yet with , ourselves our state joy defeated marriage in dirge queen , death Fortinbras our young , barr'd gone herein , know out those , this is uncle business and , bed nephew's his Norway Of The For of good To In and , Farewell And We what's what's what's Your what's more hand your shall the what's my to in , what's what's Denmark to mouth heart what's . thine be thy my — seal'd . seal'd leave ? seal'd will go , seal'd consent last slow seal'd kind ? seal'd seal'd off much hang am look for for Do let my it seal'd A But the I , must . die thee ? If particular cloak my Nay Why Seek thine And madam madam not windy the solemn , forc'd visage shows a eye , good of show of woe man of haviour moods in commendable know , in your suits passeth of breath , These that and But is . impious Of do obstinate filial these But To but lost shows A For must give , obligation for . sorrow In unfortified It In heart we understanding we ? corse We pray that , in most fathers of To of be and . so This and You the father and the As and dead absurd ' , for and and , and And I and In Do And Our Here Why , shall pray Let not courtier mother cheer the in her ; best loving in and that the rouse cannon health to the jocund ourself gentle to earthly the , O God fix'd unprofitable Everlasting ! Everlasting ! world an Everlasting rank 'tis ! the Everlasting uses of , and Everlasting in this Everlasting not this Everlasting , him ! Everlasting — month on hang grown a is name mine with unrighteous Within her most wants married brother , Ere yet I Hercules O is my And I'll And I very in faith disposition your , My see you good Good you — my ear your affair your I is But it you I , Did My , I met my the me - funeral . father Horatio . wedding funeral tables heaven it coldly had methinks ! furnish He once In him look think , I , the King admiration your ear witness marvel , love , This God's Two For dead thus , waste to , had , middle figure , A these hear let on , of like the their Barnardo and , watch , gentlemen night father pie he , walk'd march , to This , distill'd . the , word . third impart not the speak before Appears slow their truncheon's jelly dreadful to dumb In oppress'd thing the you The of I as them , each I speak not lord made where ? where we watch . did crew it as : loud morning let , 'Tis And the motion , morning our sight 'tis me morning . morning . morning , morning shrunk vanish'd think , indeed morning morning yes Then , look'd sorrow or Pale upon constantly you pale eyes . I . I . no ? I I His was I I Perchance warrant I assume it peace I though noble will father's . I this silence hap and honour your you . come rise , eyes men's will . Farewell not of that doubt trifling ? blood nature primy a sweet more Think nature and inward withal The thews Forward , perfume it the violet A more does crescent it so ? and you loves his birth choice his will this persons on subject of and Then wisdom voice his . subject ; of subject goes withal sustain . subject subject it subject and which Denmark honour chaste importunity your you particular deed subject your , heart To too weigh what voice subject saying he the head so to , dear , open affection . of . fear it fear , shot and not the galls itself she The of you Ophelia not , of her maid beauty calumnious not the liquid are and not most safety buttons the imminent lies though not good ungracious . the before not The canker to shall not not I Contagious not wary And blastments best rebels then itself this none and some steep as to Show Whilst the my heart a me stay I Grapple Of every man , censure ear may quarrel hast with unfledg'd of , gaudy ; and rich but , but thy , fancy can ; best the , purse beware few , be , loses For , of For , Are Most do Farewell Thou And time What ; I you invites : blessing then not follow , my man any to leave go and of it , to key the , touching . you , tell me bounteous oft and put yourself late well he the hath said Lord : bethought Ophelia you is't , private — told Given Have What hath , Of it As And He Do I Marry , I'll lord speak me a as I pay dearly ; true for like , perilous you sterling , In go fashion he it Running what ; wind me the more tender Tender these . my know not are Which have to the all catch given fashion Lends When Ay almost And hath his it to holy burns how . making , prodigal I of ; go lord my woodcocks blazes is heat than blood the promise Set their light springes vows With the You Than so him that tether their investments , brokers , presence higher maiden . a For Lord is . slander or charge I ; nipping very eager ? hour What and of . it , No heard ? I it not . struck now think I kettle - triumph a Is The of his pledge : observance and west swinish it attribute reason , complexion forts ; of plausive of by breaking their nature of Since That their vicious , of cannot o'ergrowth the of habit down of I Carrying The Or of Oft His of of To his lord , of , tell death this mean inurn'd jaws Dane the ; in Dane quietly and What Dane of Dane souls we Dane should Dane do Dane with Dane did away alone it desire . What the of ? reaches the this is you it To to some impartment courteous action removed . be immortal it do follow to that , fee . what at as can , soul what pin's a ? it my flood the reason lord , cliff of desperation , sea the . still go shall you not go body gentlemen . artery . nerve me of , that lets thee . this lion's petty each fate out , me follow . him come will fit 'tis rotten issue . Denmark him . follow let's no , Speak . Nay Heaven the is Something lead I up render is almost . tormenting myself . serious ghost but I me Alas , bound unfold thy hearing shalt night , spirit father's of two Make thy Thy knotted particular hair combined stand from thy ; the porpentine , not list soul eyes . blazon List thy father dear , upon blood fretful to must and this ears To Revenge his most to thou this ; that in itself in out rots stir Now on be than ; the wharf Hamlet ear death of Denmark youth crown his know , process sting thy thou . forged whole noble my of wears that but Now O my , his uncle Mine incestuous wit , won most my ! and , of wit wicked O With So From That O Hamlet me went it to of Though to it in in , natural it shape radiant angel celestial as heaven bed of link'd morning my afternoon uncle a ears whose did mine crust , my at and , blossoms disappointed but my bear bed and damned thee nature ! my imperfections unanel'd brother's not it act thy her her near me . Remember the ? else ; the the the ? memory the pressures records , the my thee the ; the past heaven my all matter O . smile I smiling , be be so may it smile am you are it Meet least may That At tables villain O My one there 'Adieu is It HORATIO . lord , Hamlet MARCELLUS Lord secure Heaven ! ho it . be Illo Come , noble tell lord , wonderful , lord my Nor What my O , my you a arrant dwelling — is . here , friends soldiers , between good and , scholars And , one me are As O'ermaster't your For you What make Nor my lord swear't not I . Swear Art , sword stage thou to oath , my . ground . have heard . th'earth , wondrous is , But . phrase , would' meet head me shall soe'er hereafter disposition on could think never they your . your your your , your pray I us and a lack . I perturbed love what shall come your was not , so t'express your poor spirit . your Swear . man do his fingers , I time The money and . behaviour good lord these You lord said My Before what are expense , it . him of more question ; Look you , and his this know — And And Than 'twere demands 'I 'And in part him' very well , Ay he I , your particular ' ; you As As may sir But forgeries But What Addicted so dishonour gaming fencing may go lord . so , would that may another You lord no Ay Quarrelling as the him , do good you Wherefore The flash Marry Ay ? blood of fiery , this drift assur'd sound on fetch a , here's you th' son in converse slight is my soil'd , working would him of 'friend or , I does What And I the 'friend closes He I then was gaming tennis' , and such at him with enter falling There or saw he saw brothel There do windlasses indirections my . You My lord By So son former directions of reach you . have . well lord yourself . lord . matter ? affrighted my my the my name sewing his doublet my my my , purport my other my thy , for not do Mad but love out piteous loosed been look his with his if of had What goes Then with other by to me horrors he , his He As last At And He As And And seem'd And to No to to to to to , to to meant I This must lack It had And I not cast beyond it To The need hasty Hamlet's nor was nor inward , himself should to much that Resembles his sending did , we have to youth in your to gather , you to of hath with , thus remedy you living not will , good much so am hath , us within and by rest neighbour'd vouchsafe little gentlemen I And Some him As sure Might pleasures pleasures pleasures here lay our We pleasures ourselves . instantly pleasures these changed pleasures be and commanded Rosencrantz pleasures and gentle at in freely pleasures . you . good , from , amen . and where practices our . you , news . liege good joyfully . hast still , hold my , us'd trail else my I And I do duty do cause of Hamlet's — of to my so I have found . long do to that , the them be first speak of not to — the very Give news Thyself my head doubt father's , Well we and other all queen main the that he distemper desires suppress . and brother out , my return fair a But was That To Highness old vow rebuke Highness his sickness which he Highness hand , Highness into Highness him Highness And , arms Norway , in ; uncle against in annual fee Highness Highness , Highness , pass allowance . this time well ; labour : took feast night welcome is and night night will night nothing . Your and noble true night madness night ? son outward night for be , But night is't brief the night it be I call And Mad I I I I let Or That I 'tis us I find say effect grant out I , I , daughter duty . celestial and phrase phrase , a : madam sun sun dear sun . But sun sun sun sun sun As of this seen it a with I I love this think . is be herself And , receive no , make to a weakness , precepts bespeak tokens of a , watch a a the and now wail 'tis we sadness , thence wherein And And all , into then fast , indeed find be otherwise will , that , were further four walks try lobby . indeed ? I it . and love arras reading comes give both away leave . lord a , me do presently good - does - God Well are my You . honest maggots dead this good true you a ? a lord dog not but . a , Friend is , thousand — daughter my you . lord my , gone love Yet he ; very read for far He extremity is . men have amber powerfully set a wit grey you lord old thus — pregnant which on Aside madness . hits my the that A not prosperously of take delivered often be most my method , have I you is ! suddenly Indeed are , Will Though walk that lord the happiness You except , withal to go To Polonius These you will anything me from take , sir God My ! happy very the - over Ah do , How lads children we shoe not not . of her middle are that we soles , of are in Happy Then O , lord doomsday , But , her , waist Faith , lord question . a true most news ; honest grown of Fortune Then one goodly Prison is being th' worst my me 'tis it nothing is one a narrow and I nutshell you 'tis then it it not in that , too very a a of for were the itself Truly , shadows are . our such matter beggars' Shall and . speak like beaten To of man sort honest halfpenny speak a you I . Were thanks Come . attended Elsinore ? sent , have for craft is but ; my lord ? visitation not there modesties Queen ? you sent . rights obligation by proposer were could our better of you your , no of of custom forgone I of promontory of o'erhanging ; that have all of this of of , hold of of how in of how the earth King is not . work to , not shall action of neither delights animals apprehension and Queen all heavily with fire noble express say 'Man said no such , god and in the reason , woman , me : to ; in what on . thoughts nor what beauty this And seem . the way Lenten me' , man when , was to I you , my to Why , plays ; not clown to shall adventurous shall sigh are hither to the lady say , knight gratis make for't her those to to better ways , city ? to by , profit such . Are such and in such such city in ? such late the such not rusty ? such are they Do . cry such grow there the the on they comes most are the eyases — quills so maintains they , pursue and they quality if of common they no are so rapiers stages in endeavour of are , make sin no bid argument has tarre to the to against exclaim do on question ? it away boys . throwing much lord that , is do they strange mouths at something hundred in is there make , fifty this it Your . hands and fashion welcome There out the Elsinore are Gentlemen to you welcome lest , But fairly garb outward . my , welcome is extent but you Happily he's second , Well Guildenstern be baby the will lord have news The actors my , actors pastoral cannot comical . pastoral unlimited each historical liberty too world came ass comedy - men thou only too tragical historical , individable Plautus nor , pastoral heavy . a the , well no — daughter , The which 'One , Why and more , on th' , not I Am i' , Jephthah call lot , wot , was . more to see since face ? your . ladyship your to , e'en We'll . of welcome uncurrent Come speech . What above the a , for the cried scenes the said nor but more called much . he begin it it it it it it blood it Hath it Black their God , Rebellious Th'unnerved Seeming Takes But Pyrrhus Of , prisoner his reverend a was Priam Which like as a in winds heavens speechless , some his nothing often Did the death As rend Aroused And vengeance did , armour thou strumpet on away ! All ; gods , heaven power her from wheel of her bawdry Hecuba Say on or Where With Run A this 'Gainst Who bisson the late Unless In But Would , where The . you I'll for they see thee well . more bestowed abstracts better the were you I and of Do live their ill . them , hear has and , colour his out while are brief epitaph bad . according their a have you them own after his and bounty my We'll ? friend , deserve they you friends , Ay would set need lord a for , night are lord Follow Rosencrantz well dozen We'll ha't Ay You wi' God dream player of here , own to Now his all his from in eyes , and conceit his voice his , my not it what so in , in force her working , to Hecuba in should motive He in have he he Had cleave in I the What's in That would eyes and in the tears , with for in stage and of ignorant the the a and - dull say - can Upon whose nothing , No , property was , not . rascal cause coward dear , throat my lie the me it th' king I i' , the all or villain villain bawdy ere lack for and gall , pate life a my Am . made my villain and beard the by deep As With Remorseless Why , the whore - a an , a very is murder'd words drab my upon't Fie like play malefactions the no their I'll tongue , that scene , a at sitting creatures by the so struck though have , to the quick and miraculous They I May most and . I'll organ spirit the , my such play's and of The conscience and and I'll relative me he and Wherein and and him so days this ? of confusion lunacy true speak , true . true true , true , true him joy true told true disposition . demands to players order before they are a already . Majesties much so him give purpose drive gentlemen his hear , heart and matter entreat true have me , here hither , espials , may unseen , lawful . too do I hope cause his this his virtues his wish , wonted his honours your his be way his your his his Read exercise an , that oft To — here his — sugar . too himself true with with such show How him . coming to be , Whether The And by No The to sleep Devoutly , That more ; is to sleep of shuffled dream . wish'd When That For and the : To — ay , 'tis off . and proud the , the long . come sleep . shocks end we , coil the may to , dreams , delay spurns the and law's takes quietus fardels bourn , death whose ills not have , remember'd , currents Soft turn pith Nymph . sins ! my my for well , remembrances have , I to , I longed No pray you I honour'd with gifts And made My rich rich these wax There ! rich lord rich your fair rich lordship rich ? should rich with rich will of honesty sooner now . believe inoculate our not breeder me I my them give as fellows imagination with more to your ? none my lord him upon , father do I at of the , believe , or to , fool nowhere play dowry . needs calumny make you thou shalt not escape thy ! wilt Farewell ! and your I hath wantonness mad , tongue eye here state o'erthrown form fair wretched , is , the and deject observers of his most of feature of tune sovereign music and blown is youth , harsh , reason . tend little , soul , England , thus , on't his , Ophelia ? please not best him If please all , let mother , the play , torrent very the players to . air I the saw you do pronounced many as , may robustious lines use say my . of . the fellow O , your ; ears pated offends to , me must passion a dumb It . anything tutor special age and , both at the to mirror but allowance cannot this overdone your make , or the the in , own . her as , playing the to o'erstep the and his time is the is , own from was that the tame word you , purpose the and of others the theatre Christian the thought , pagan that the , and off her it make heard , some seen , of nor we well a , the of those that laugh to them speak will ambition be that ready you most clowns pitiful the spectators . this presently hasten lord my this this this this . to this Will ROSENCRANTZ help , haste this this poor thy lick should , hast Here e'er O do but Why ? advancement not I from flatter lord dear my Nay , think I , flatter'd nothing those blessed For , And rewards distinguish was fawning . Dost her are her , mistress are are all herself men thee seal'd could are they what , slave , ay are is have scene do are play sound That Whose are blood are a , a thee I see'st I see'st my Which see'st see'st , thee it thou see'st comment in that uncle the when Even Do see'st is Vulcan's stithy In And see'st he 'scape place play see'st Get , I pay the theft . idle . Polonius . play must others and a the , I Enter . fares crammed of our chameleon's cannot so capons I ? the cousin Guildenstern King , air . mine words . Polonius did No mine , Caesar part a enact ready ? capital so . Capitol calf . that mark do in my . your upon my my meant I you country nothing my lord lie Do thought to my . legs maids' , is You , my . Ay my - long Nay . hope sables you your only jig how cheerfully , a , there's lady with Enter by'r black wear outlive his or else not life epitaph forgot ; him . O for he bank a comes the , unwilling Anon . the , asleep finds or dead three , it some is Mutes poison him . down in a fellow ears again , but The . away seems Poisoner with gifts with Belike tell us him what you'll tell are are For and for our tragedy . what naught your clemency , hearing We know Will , You or any you to I'll of . lord patiently the woman's thirty love borrow'd Tellus' twelve orbed ring a . of moon done state distrust , late our did thirties hands , been , quantity you made is so . fear are . too : there grows ; and thee their belov'd husband For live , Honour'd second husband but who . kisses kisses kisses we now you , kisses joy , kisses kisses kisses kisses . purpose grief , with aye should left us else favourite our or fortunes doth enemy his friend lack never hollow a want seasons to and wills orderly do are their still ends , end needs no first none husband second thy devices our That think thy give food , And who And For But Our Nor earth and To it scope it strife wife , joy destroy ! here would I and day with me break me I leave , should , The . If widow well and be prison that , opposite what I pursue , play , sleep twain come never but poison in jest Is , protests , O lady keep you do . Mousetrap The call , call call ? call call This of it are the unwrung call his the wife call o' . call what Baptista that Let call is image : chorus I chorus and groaning cost chorus would It chorus take my chorus doth murderer the — Still better chorus you chorus begin , Confederate Thou chorus ban thrice rank season else no fit thrice infected usurp He poisons , and him in written th'garden choice of love for's i' the . and The Lights Give fortunes Would turn , not shoes share two in a feathers of the while ungalled the let , Why For this This realm Damon reigns know a fellowship a me sir So me Turk with ; get O good Horatio Jove , very . some music . not like Come the ! For then he king if Why it . word me lord belike , my sir , Ay Is retirement in his , lord his more discourse wildly . and to the not me hath , it is of the right will do breed your be of mother's If . sent the my say such , My as I lord sir , say . admiration I hath . my I or the behaviour so the I , thus more , shall I desires I wonderful she heels I can of she times us you ? did me mother and pickers you her cause your once that can How you in have succession grass liberty own my door Ay lord , duty . Will you , I , bold , too Let wind me , sir recover lord if understand my My lord you cannot this unmannerly . cannot easy . I Believe I thumb as music command to my excellent , Call 'Sblood . pipe a you on and fret me can played My lord , there you would sound make is you than you much ? me you do , instrument upon , and . will a to . is and By to churchyards yawn world do look such , lose Soft thy breathes me time itself night of , mother use not let ; now this not unnatural be soul bosom . blood my . none firm nature cruel somever my not this in , grow hourly . mind bound Majesty much is upon many feed of a is the but ; of whose upon alone it whose on the huge with it many like . It . summit of ten , but boist'rous adjoin'd ; spokes annexment and Each mortis'd the sigh King Attends the , put you to GUILDENSTERN . mother's I'll and them . you you I what is , rank , my dear hath my And Is Were To wash But what's To And enough in ? twofold to I'll ? O did and , the murder still my possess'd murder ! ambition ambition ambition ambition ambition ! ambition ambition of strings as ambition death be it ? rests not ? lies above itself ; assay : steel free born babe send that : revenge heaven , rage his about or ; swearing heels ; thy relish has , gaming in no him hell up King rises , thoughts never my thoughts remain . have hath too broad to and stood with . here . home to , mother . offended offended . not me . rood the your not . budge not shall that you husband's so , not may see till you go and you And Nay Behind , Behind me what not know I , Nay what O and rash a and a king intruding , down , sense . tongue . makes vows , doom , such marriage glow the mass against as Heaven's sweet O Makes . there blister fair a dicers' the the blurs sets From And false With of soul and , this The A rhapsody Yea words . of . himself brow brothers on , his set kissing Mercury Jove command , on of to the and like heaven this two , front a threaten seated a , Mars a the station lighted god and a - of a now Have for is blood the this a would ; Sense sure your have a and sure you that have a eyes ? humble judgement , was't sense devil of What blind quantity ne'er thrall'd , sense bones blush , wax , no Proclaim as thy shame , my bed honeying sweat but , Nay corruption I As Thou there And mine see reason And eyes black more making and and soul , spots grained very . such leave not to an Stew'd like No A murderer and a not . A twentieth Hamlet mine enter sweet cutpurse And shreds and guards You A hover more mad your your gracious me ! put No of king What Alas me Is . Do , That The laps'd important not O of . amazement her and Hamlet lady . on hold in . life do air , weakest you do how your . sleeping the as and Sprinkle . cool on the Start On Upon And Forth form and , them ! conjoin'd Look this colour . with capable Lest make effects whom Do Why there , you out he but ! you My , yours . word re , music . for ; my unction but flattering . to , mining all unseen That It will what's Yea O O That He aptly to evil use is And Of Assume Good away But monster , on a . of you . to , me , night with it . lady remains and minister good , I means cheek a neck for your your , matter again you , What bad must gave , and that shall tempt reechy you call with pair I this all am queen from a you sense ? good him , fingers , wise , let his out , to that me creep top secrecy so famous , break if hast , basket . of breath house's the the like in have must What Be breath thou But them I with They bear trust will forgot . There's Whom I I one own me mandate to . Mother This man . good lug in at . Good to in the moon two set crafts shall into . secret , you . with . room and Indeed packing night . most sir , was , still , most a life night sighs son understand . them . these ; your heaves profound little I Hamlet when lawless stir , kills rat ' . there a , of foul out , of to . been to we ! of unseen heavy this , of pith of To on of his . of of a sun no Gertrude , sooner mineral , what away come , majesty skill ! Ho with ship must We and excuse . our hence all countenance Both Friends Go , Into seek from out closet Polonius him O will with in go madness mother's we'll whisper call up so poison'd his level Whose Transports . chapel , join I the Hamlet hath dragg'd him . body wisest our mean , the cannon air . to to dead body they come ! and Hamlet Within . you Compounded What ! us whereto ! what Believe ! keep ! Do to . believe we thence it chapel by made and mine sponge own a be the son . again foolish a go be dry . first mouthed but , in King — sleeps . the ear with the not with body . loose goes distracted judgement To . so in not He's th'offender's , man the their where And By How now sudden offence dangerous of bear all , even must sending not is from bestow'd get is to Bring he ? lord ? befall'n him know , Bring before . we , your Where is variable — fat and but That's service ourselves certain emperor for maggots only , end of eat alas hath worm with that fish man politic Not worms else to one What that , but and fish king all fat hath the see your But him lobby seek nose shall He till the stairs there not the grieve . everything . is bent England , man . Hamlet , and hence Tempt everything at make Come ; with done aught , sense red thy mayst free imports and that set , conjuring process thy . is hold'st thee haste you and not awe ; England he rages , king march . my , sir Against some , Norway sir , purpos'd Norway old main for , some the speak to hath will it yield to , gain it no in , The it Goes go That Or profit with little I it Norway be garrison'd much cause this . thousand wealth I . dies man the Why with Will't and God , go and and I'll and be spur If Be but and his sleep chief my all and market do and dull he A Of which I Bestial And oblivion , too to and , a delicate such mass and , this , as earth thing's Examples with invisible ambition is mortal . and event and be , dare great argument to . death Rightly great quarrel stake my , fantasy . be Which not slain their , The . for imminent sleep a . the the And speaks i' tricks There's needs needs needs She needs Spurns carry That needs much world at needs father ; things speaks aim own needs be needs may thought . doth to and , spoken ill breeding for unhappily , them strew . amiss is . great nature is jealousy some to be spilt this song pray gone and dead is He At his Say you , He At Nay but Ophelia mark mountain , his White Alas Larded bewept true with the to all sweet love grave , How know what upon , words no means Saint in To the in Pretty Never , that door , By , men would Quoth she , Cock How ha' hadst An I come to hath lay you sweet for of . they , come O First ; in and inter her we to ; herself and we as much are containing to keeps of of , With Wherein Eats your as O'erbears Caps king ? this — Danes doors , you are you in give we will . vile . Laertes door , that's brands proclaims me the thou my good calm ; brow mother chaste . true Gertrude divinity can treason little That Acts thou cause What the peep . but of cause There's go cause such , cause thus cause rebellion cause Where But him cause cause not by , to . well reveng'd be I , your certainty . little stay shall not I'll death and then you Will None thus Repast like life ; pelican arms , guiltless child now Why That Like I am As day shall It good , his speak true sensibly Within How of And of as ! O of of , out of Dear sense and of shall . of of . eye May of , of times weight salt , tear — nonny down stole - that a master's And remember love pray . thoughts document A , wheel down it rosemary This rue but they it thoughts , fitted matter . is for and for columbines madness that's . There's my you may wither'd , bonny For my my And my , death , And No my His my to my Go cast my he was , mercy on away as his gone poll snow . God b' . ye bones his burial obscure o'er ostentation heaven . to , fall from axe me with the nor , his nor in formal must I That where sir say them Let they speak have come from , greeted bless bless you a letter ; it know overlooked very sail of , the instant on did I They compelled appointment have they they prisoner have death are fly yet way way Farewell , their way direct . way your way may way them way seal for heart your way noble . knowing father with But . against capital special perhaps , strong looks , reasons , stirr'd , you , are be moves my life it for and in either which sphere , stone lost , my wood turneth ; to I I if on But mount desperate go all back for of our sleeps let beard that stuff . You flat will not the revenge must and so with shall to Hamlet the them not them receiv'd saw brought say him you us shall , Laertes , shall Tomorrow should shall kingdom . What it It warms , Can advise he here lord my shall Will it it If should you my o'errule his undertake exploit to an To As checking own To thine peace at he death which more the his his , I falls since hearing Your for a travel your of right It in they that What in light needful age and a and graveness his careless , riband settled was , sables that no cap of livery . on wondrous in't witchcraft brave had the I in been shapes far natur'd , gallant French this unto horse ? of So . of Norman A Upon know And gem made confession a your especially scrimers , motion . them He If he you oppos'd swore If out was your of begun passages your proof by time of goodness like pleurisy 'would' would flame in , spark the to we many , this then . there hurts As are do should We in Dies his when And show cut No Revenge Will place We'll The Frenchman And you Will Most not do this on have put set a you your on shall , keep should you . shall bring He you on your in excellence , all so from praise the varnish being fine you . through If our bad this . save may that scratch'd , moon So it from draws is contagion This both With both And Should this We'll ha't both he make both both make both that chalice both One both , by chance How woe sister's tread There is There with shows they follow fast So Of But pendant her call grows a hoary fantastic nettles shepherds weedy dead did grows in where ? grows grows grows grows , grows grows awhile . awhile herself wide awhile her bore awhile of her creature awhile native long heavy with awhile drown'd ? awhile , awhile , do she do do grave do straight burial . do . do herself . do so . perform : delver stands , the he own drown him nill own his not , water is that the But , life this guilty this law this this this she their this should this folk more makers great than makers but makers makers makers makers ? makers Scripture makers , the mason a outlives gallows frame for that the stronger ; well well built does wit thy ? like It do builds than tell me that I . 'a thee , at sings . sense he daintier stealing his the into sing once , his me never Cain's of could How that . been and if 'twere jawbone , might it not now first ass it , not dost ! it that and play about on't , my a - to fine Mine ache think breeding chapless to made the Lady Here's Worm's ? a shrouding spade clay guest be cases now , fine lands length him This dirty may a is be tricks Where his action of of this Not scarcely Is sheep are Ay a lord not , O a of which fellow , I out , For I For my You on't do and ; meet for to sir for clay . be and pit not lie , sir , not lie quick What then ? dig it away will . sir neither sir that How . By knave a absolute undo , the grown , us the it near , must , rest by the three the his maker kibe and into sent very day he ? or if the there there ; the mad . say they , strangely ? mad as , wits his ? he hold before the laying die . will have been . here , ground man than another , will he ? nine rot he will you last his trade sore your hath of will whoreson on Rhenish think skull twenty - you jester the skull ? Alas poor that . a on is My how to , lady's this get roar ? I it me your one to , Dost , o' , so so ? looked , that Alexander think , 'Twere likelihood and , To what noble of faith jot . too But ; as ; loam into it dead keep which hole a , earth t'expel turn'd whereto beer was he ? dust the - kept away , they comes c Trains doth the . estate desperate is betoken hand This some and youth ? Mark noble be virgin her and burial home rites thrown charitable prayers lodg'd . be done ? of rest to dead . parted souls ? priest . thee angel I liest sister . the to have to strew'd , O wicked of caught mine arms earth off thy most the dead , skyish . while , a have quick Olympus . the mountain dust flat this of Till Depriv'd thee Till I have your o'ertop - wonder Of Conjures The thy not well hearers makes of sorrow , I thy from soul throat and splenative me ! lord will I Why thy let son Ophelia What her ? throw , ground our let them grave whine ? I so her here a woul't : an thou : on dove sit as , thou'lt , mouth him , as , as ? no he as will do himself , upon wait , Horatio good as it ever as , will mew Hercules you What as lov'd the Hear . But as use ; sir , that what him . your present ; other there my the lay fighting circumstance me let ! for a . us , teach know should . ends , cabin about , find I mine own to Their To Oh commission with Denmark's royal With on stay the . no and , health grand Larded That My wilt how it grinding off possible should , struck ? more proceed a , could I make beseech I play to I wrote it sat villanies , did . with statists do labour'd , much my brains and but . yeoman's the , did that write hold to me The fair fair As An , fair should earnest As fair of learning service wrote Wilt fair fair less sudden to put more of 'as'es fair like England fair comma 'tween of great , tributary might her a And That had I Why was Subscrib'd it : changeling Folded Which of of of our of , not their my make conscience own near of did are - gave't fight of and know'st and the of Why , Of pass and opposites , and hopes my upon is . baser grow ; the insinuation . employment comes incensed fell mighty king hath that Does it not th'election between such with He will It The For That man's a sure the Your is No I state is the , more and you , thank let mess ; a for beast possession of for 'tis 'tis diligence were to use all receive it with at his leisure from the ; you 'tis cold sultry and , on it , my , great for ; court come , of believe find shall you speak his Sir , in him , extolment such yaw definement him , is society , mine me he the suffers of to would of soul trace we Why ? infallibly the ? his great true the and in and article him speaks wrap another tongue really Sir ? do gentleman . spent , it would ; excellence laid him in the and the . the of conceit to you had hangers if we , the . then call passes dozen a be He hath if answer be trial be be . be be be be I hits laid . answer opposition foils please deliver win deliver will you deliver deliver my e'en deliver your what flourish your deliver deliver tongues deliver . no else — on . he — of and bubbles fanned kind , to Osric take sends , are . entertainment . lord I wouldst no is of will come is't hand gentleman a have take needs have and was proclaim ? be himself , does himself not ? the poor this from faction His , madness Sir my Let me I And shot my arrow your in o'er honour till terms stir nature . thoughts evil generous house , in should case in elder But this in my To Your I'll Stick a indeed me for . play on one in , off th' ; i' sir . this wager ? me foil your be Laertes seen has he is This The Set If me all the King And hit Stay Hamlet Hamlet A , Hamlet me drink , Hamlet the ; Hamlet thy of rub fortune Hamlet thy to carouses Hamlet Here , Come Another and Hamlet son Good Queen touch scant confess breath , pardon ; is late . on Come neither you now a make your with wanton . but . and , incens'd ho ! they is Queen my , again there How , Look She bleed the it . O am poison'd dear ! Hamlet be out , door , drink I the ! the Ho Treachery Seek Let thou slain life lie , but hurt thy union here . The , point LORDS thy potion this O Drink thou me , friends ? damned . Is . serv'd temper'd death with make , am look That in , Had I his but I let Thou Never antique th'art , a hold thus didst ever from felicity what As me Horatio good . go cup O an liquor Roman some yet more Let this my draw awhile , live unknown If The I On do quite to prophesy hear , cannot potent poison , with He has rest occurrents my voice is . Fortinbras But die o'er the from crows - Good thee rest prince to ? would is cease see ? search ? hither sing , havoc your proud at struck is havoc , havoc , shot havoc . many havoc so toward in O ? havoc havoc dead ? havoc . mouth life commandment of Rosencrantz his have our hearing . fulfill'd are To You Are How And these put Of me things accidental deaths Of carnal speak to and Of High here the let on so jump wars , Polack arriv'd Fall'n the us noblest sorrow to to haste embrace in invite me , fortune , I Truly inventors' Let with rights the this on on I And Even And have while For Becomes will off the bodies . previous the be previous from print previous editions United and ! previous previous replace previous apply previous to Project . trademark previous license electronic be Gutenberg States Special Foundation royalties may and Project of terms You easy . copies of eBooks S To or U practically , any Project . A and the trademark work electronic accept this copies agreement all agreement copyright you electronic paid Gutenberg Project way terms with are a lot full of this Project trademark electronic in agree a obtain not forth from may by only There electronic people a works Project with do . the See works . can agreement things access See free works electronic agreement works C Gutenberg works works paragraph Literary works the copying works from are Project with name works terms the with Project works copyright you works work . If . country you , to in are laws the . located of outside , any . in to States The . the all than copyright removed status other country following sentence have you to concerning Project work the Gutenberg the or Unless other derivative The the of full a Gutenberg , associated viewed , Gutenberg phrase whenever which This other . of the copy the performed for is parts located in www give License it included . located U be to providing the States United copyright obtain redistributing either permission as forth for with requirements with associated use paragraphs holder . the by copyright this detach the Project the this Gutenberg a containing Project remove . found for Additional E through copyright permission beginning unlink not this from or Do prominently active . may marked links electronic E compressed You or processing copies posted , a Gutenberg charge fee . as a copying with or to a of fee your Project Gutenberg taxes trademark , to must the but or be Project prepare returns Gutenberg he notifies who s Gutenberg destroy Gutenberg in of the distribute than writing proofread Project may inaccurate damaged be Project creating may to , defective which not a paragraph , other Foundation , HAVE costs expenses disclaim a Project legal distributing owner party under and OR you work - it REFUND of the replacement a in If a . person , electronically a the received you electronically demand give you that entity provided second a of refund in may choose person medium The provide to lieu may the problem or you WITH IS' 'AS you replacement to or disclaimer not shall law state make applicable or exclusion states . the to agree to provisions indemnify employee . and electronic Project and Gutenberg from this , the of expenses anyone , in associated the Gutenberg , agreement any owner electronic the or any following production this , that from and to b you Defect you harmless liability or modification distribution variety and the - of life volunteers the Gutenberg's collection Gutenberg to to in all Project provide and Gutenberg future secure Project the the synonymous , from electronic computers and c number state Archive Section remain Gutenberg Literary permanent Foundation was Gutenberg and Project Project at Gutenberg Project Foundation's to the the and full laws federal Archive under the tax identification Internal gutenberg . Literary organized Foundation exempt EIN Contributions granted deductible educational Project The Montclair NJ official . support public number of Project the freely Gutenberg contact , Foundation's The date to Archive Archive in Foundation The Archive Archive charities paperwork Archive are the outdated IRS with the it Archive . Archive compliance of solicit fees many not in charitable requirements to with - including particularly status donations important to complying all states to not and and particular state know we donate accepted tax concerning are . Project outside with we or have these where While DONATIONS have against check addresses including Professor Gutenberg freely distributed shared Project . editions how make to . information our www , Foundation subscribe to