Stand Barnardo He upon . Stand carefully . Get Stand ? King Stand Francisco . Stand a Stand do Well you rivals If had struck this For meet Who and Marcellus haste ! watch The think farewell , honest you , Give . soldier has O Barnardo this Therefore And Touching What Horatio not seen have And let so again against have sit Barnardo hear and the , down of star same Last we all westward from part of myself that bell it yond beating one Marcellus then it comes it it , wonder . time night . away and charge look ! pale ! fantasy than on't not ! might I mine true ! avouch ? and own like art the As not believe this my Before the the thyself armour , once very th'ambitious in . on gone thought hath and jump work of my our to scope dead at I know not ; land : last ? inform , us the with can that is't That as the , him Hamlet , lands ; his competent , by a heraldry and world our valiant , law ; our who to the moiety compact the , same , by of all , of seiz'd with our by gaged Was Had fell Of unimproved To up and doth it his terms to But source So recover of us by strong hand , other our preparations foresaid this And . of , to Norway , here and there , enterprise state lands the chief , father head King wars , dead of moist the and of the tenantless the to stood most was That think may A Comes and it the As little trouble palmy mightiest and doomsday omen coming the , events fierce star . and in fire with stands countrymen fates . comes again ! demonstrated streets of empire precurse to influence sun Roman still ; earth to prologue And Was even And Have ! sound any , soft it If But I'll may thou thee be Speak behold Lo , it blast or me good , thou That Or they Speak which say , Stop 'Tis will it ! with Stay , Marcellus my partisan walk in and oft majestical ! the of so the offer To do We 'Tis show , crew have and shrill trumpet . I a guilty earth sounding the , herein , his - like started day ; the is of Th'extravagant on present confine lofty and it a , his fire object of made the spirit or warning throat in , that cock the is dawning our Saviour's the planets , crowing abroad ; charm strike crowing crowing , cock crowing crowing , with crowing speak upon acquaint morning I will fitting loves find this him most and shall I , we what impart Hamlet in my by clad . seen for my , Hamlet dear death us green , in of brother's . conveniently it him Let's Where Yet with in be Cornelius befitted whole our it woe with fought sister we Therefore we , nor scale The be hath one and brow remembrance , this far with wisest discretion of him , dear weak . affair , that which have delight a with and and For worth Fortinbras , to ; our , freely young our out his advantage have barr'd all you of , dole weighing supposal late and herein brother's us bonds So bed nephew's and , valiant father the fail'd this this business to hears , here death to to by thinking Or Our Colleagued and . of Fortinbras - scarcely dispatch Norway to gait his subject full ; uncle for brother , of : writ suppress here you personal than , that : with his Now To Who His , of you the and Farewell that herein and , Cornelius . scope duty duty . Laertes , beg , you Dane , commend allow . it things nothing And In , doubt , what's is't news to to Laertes mouth the thou offer to offer , lord though From willingly to Denmark have my came return offer leave and in , Dread whence duty offer my favour to , coronation leave offer wishes offer To now thoughts them leave wrung my your Yet offer Have father's bend to Your bow leave go last bend leave and toward duty to France done pardon Polonius , What bend says be thy son thine my bend ; Hamlet at my spend hard ; Laertes , than little bend graces hour Upon I hath He , laboursome , bend me to slow my at bend . on you too cast , Hamlet so the is Aside let Do know'st for look with that must lids . die . dust . all father in the vailed on , common friend i' . breath solemn cloak particular be Ay common thy not Seek for noble to , lives nature , eternity inky suits of forc'd in truly . passeth shows of with thee seems , mother black not know I , of my alone not 'Tis Nor customary nor , me denote your nature , eye of the haviour fruitful all with give you To But To lost , grief survivor to a , his obstinate It heart a stubbornness obsequious impious shows A what the know will In That Take A understanding any ? the most corse till who a he first so vulgar be of reason fathers . ' We and pray that fault to and vulgar unschool'd is , absurd ; are vulgar of that less vulgar whose thing 'tis , and , to vulgar throne us note , vulgar son immediate , today immediate hath died throw cried , to earth take immediate immediate immediate . son eye remain , immediate you of our retrograde impart going I immediate Do bend to our in desire and not you a today , a shall chiefest thy in pray I Why thee Let mother my unforc'd heart health ourself , as too flesh ! dew melt again drinks shall . jocund gentle 'tis This smiling to Denmark Denmark accord , come ; King's great the Re slaughter uses 'tis rank and this much ! fix'd would into and garden , a God O not flat - self to all , Everlasting resolve 'gainst canon How — might Hyperion excellent he roughly so Oh weary Seem grows That But on't ! should gross in nature two ! on hang within a him , not too remember As month followed thy had , yet , winds would she of those my ere tears , that Within more and ? fed me Let A Niobe Would It break for , I must ! well poor same your my Sir change that name with I'll you from , And But what , in ? from ? Wittenberg , friend good My to enemy own Elsinore truant report violence say , no drink in are . affair you deep depart . fellow , father's your my lord . The me see mother's wedding meats tables funeral ! it it my Indeed , Horatio my I I Did ever , methinks seen had my forth follow'd , bak'd . Horatio foe marriage thrift Or father Thrift coldly saw mind's him once ; Where a goodly see I — yesternight like for saw ? Who . all king again take in all not shall look his him these my your King a for admiration , night gentlemen may deliver watch had , had me these hear , middle figure had . did night and jelly length and cap thrice eyes the had , to , walk'd pie your gentlemen had had in watch , loud away cock haste would did methought address . once yet sight in crew Itself it it , sound strange 'tis ; our , say , and , it think let tonight . Both in . down writ honour'd lord my it of . troubles ? me anger . or ? or or or or there his eyes or constantly ? or had have While very amaz'd tell seen have beard again , was watch his ? person Not It hell this , will pray you ; twelve honour . well it you Give Our an whatsoever , eleven . ye still conceal'd hitherto If it the Upon And it requite will your platform 'twixt I'll mine as , Your father's doubt your loves foul , earth still the all then My And of , that them , as the to eyes embark'd . a primy ; favour ? you convoy is But Do doubt it A For Hamlet violet , The a fashion of of . as of wide now The thews nature and In For may for therefore and choice state circumscrib'd this his and voice And Unto The he of And His He As fits the the The greatness himself , he Whereof , To your with Then Than May he his saying his so act which Denmark list it the shot maid 'scapes Virtue beauty calumnious the enough the strokes spring of disclos'd and not her of your affection moon their the itself she keep weigh your honour may , be . most morn blastments fear else rebels shall not as some ungracious pastors good buttons none near keep , in my and a O my ; brother lesson heart to watchman primrose the recks his thorny of here . own me second , shoulder blessing aboard of my the fear , his . Beware steel tried vulgar means their , any thou Give thy no with by thought tongue no act adoption . thy soul palm with beware ; dull and but man's each Those Be thou unproportion'd stay'd Look friends thou And character unto new entrance that thine quarrel - Give Of Bear't man most generous best ; purse rich man can thy as th'opposed to fancy ear , proclaims oft nor of and select the express'd in dulls a borrowing Of Are And a above take For Neither in apparel rank be husbandry be the blessing then follow it Farewell And oft This must I time The 'Tis yourself And he , bethought Hamlet Lord said touching the , is't So you What 'Tis your me he you free 'tis yourself your put me clearly up to me and so honour truth . tell . call ? girl tenders them I a what like lord know Unsifted Pooh not hath , Of tenders such in teach ta'en sterling , tender of tenders think you circumstance me late made green perilous , as should , yourself a the the My not have are , you Do Marry Running — to wind me me . call countenance With fashion , vows , his speech , love for these you That Which Ay springes given you Ay , in Than a command scanter , burns catch fire this making in walk time both . these woodcocks all the more their must Set Than And so your entreatments of for take promise than , how , heat as . your light Lends the tongue vows : not Giving Be not believe be You may Breathing Believe Do that in words give not beguile , Have Not it my , bites The Look I shall or so you charge . and is spirit not lacks think the does I Indeed ? heard wake near ? now twelve struck his this , is it it I of No it takes and tonight my It held then he More And us the , it . here is the swinish west other tax'd and am of though And to manner though Ay mind and revel though I is't a nations it though it though their for As That So in our though Soil They Makes my heavy drunkards , and marrow addition indeed though perform'd breach us ; though choose of mole nature in , complexion in are some of that though of reason , defect , wherein , wherein men o'erleavens ; wherein grace — pure undergo censure general livery may of wherein The they stamp forts these as , corruption evil wherein , lord Look wherein scandal of star be in — else , of by Being say I infinite or take dram Fortune's of doubt damn'd , charitable blasts ! hell shape call thee intents airs ministers wicked such to , burst Dane . or royal thee with com'st in grace of noble substance . answer thee quietly marble inurn'd , mean jaws why ; or or goblin from me O ignorance hearsed bones saw his up thee Hath Wherein their me canoniz'd thy burst op'd Revisit'st glimpses thou cast we glimpses glimpses , dead the the is thus , glimpses shake the disposition of nature fools we glimpses , some you With glimpses No Do speak not ; not Why , to you waves It do not more what should be the lord it immortal what , a , what , then no . means by , at I'll life my fear pin's it that a soul do if And And waves many Think your deprive Without into puts follow . still fathoms toys madness the dreadful base the beneath , it of brain into . your I'll every . Go And ghost Unhand I'll Be rul'd off cries artery petty My fate as As go in out not . lets follow , thee . that me . fit not follow . desperate ! I a rotten 'tis He away , Go on I'll . I'll him it come Denmark follow . go come and almost is Must not To I , shall serious night spirit walk am I fires , fast my that term certain a I am for And Till the I thy Are and tell Would Doom'd could stars dear to stand . O — list , And two harrow ears To O ever and most But flesh But of If didst foul Revenge most in the best That out stir in that , in shouldst rots given Wouldst And ; find be thoughts , know't the , I sweep as that , foul foul , of as love and unnatural Denmark youth father's , hear , orchard fat , revenge . Mine Rankly serpent ; thou 'Tis itself on Lethe Hamlet death noble of thy ! crown whole so the thou his wears by A The prophetic that , gifts - even hand in hand my a love me Hamlet That But wretch to made will a I mine So it court , her virtue in on And sate to a a methinks it Upon . it shape . in marriage though gifts ; of off was as celestial be me Upon But of cursed custom let And My soft those link'd air , with distilment hour of morning heaven , thy the prey juice The With That And with and a Most thin The Holds such in my porches blood it vigour droppings eager swift natural like most curd And thou If all ! nature made Unhous'led With my mother thy those couch for luxury ; that bosom well thee to uneffectual fire be at lodge once , contrive the , the ? heart , the the thee instant Hold ! earth the me else my . the , not Remember . grow ! seat , records shall my by damned I smiling Yes alone of woman , down villain it ! in to my ' . me Now so be a Denmark . lord MARCELLUS adieu have lord sworn't and Lord Heaven ho , my bird . it tell my O , my . by think it I be Not be you then Nor , my be ? in . the Denmark be — be . be knave dwelling ne'er no right more are be , and hath your is — Look it Such You And Why , fit without hold every man the circumstance shake desire I'll and wild sorry There's I'm . offend faith Yes but as you ; they know And Touching what let this there here me my vision is , and one poor , tonight . not . you . seen . I faith , you my , lord not . my , you my , have We you sworn Indeed you my lord , Swear you sword stage the so this sayst Consent ? indeed under you speak Come Ha , on , Propose this you . hands of Swear Beneath worthy A Well And are Than As or put seeing this thus times at encumber'd of some or 'We or , or hereafter by With That hereafter strange hereafter To hereafter know' to Or grace you hereafter and hereafter hereafter perturbed do I Rest With , And God That time your t'express what all And Nay let's go , right cursed . pray spite . notes and my lord Reynaldo . inquiry make good these money . wisely behaviour I , Before And how , well and you , him' Ay particular this thus in , and so But What As are noted wanton take ' marry wild , liberty lord and gaming ; As my ; To Ay ; fencing ; You drabbing ; as that may season ; scandal incontinency it in . him , quaintly son warrant would do good savageness outbreak lord this I , you , country of 'gentleman' or of ; of assur'd of of . of — did ' marry rouse say now perchance — you ; you , advice out lecture have have My . lord my inclination , in him . music . the have been so lord . affrighted God ? stockings all , his foul'd , unbrac'd other gyved - head with I Ophelia me before purport . of it . comes loosed for been of not I No hat Pale if horrors shirt he speak the all held ? know the to it thus his thrice He with Then wrist wrist As He he And seem'd wrist find his sigh little perusal o'er brow wrist eyes , wrist . the wrist seek their go will over I with end And over As oft as will is Whose over leads hard am words , over undertakings under . afflict you our over fordoes very property passion desperate itself , King of , his over have hath made mad . him better . that access as command sorry ecstasy to the I and ; did but letters But proper in younger sort the for is common close Come being go the love we to and he fear'd did our to hate To This More must grief than , age jealousy ! trifle to ourselves which Rosencrantz Something so you did Guildenstern to provoke be I long . utter , move might hide to , have that Moreover The need Our nor that we transformation young it Resembles than much from th'understanding that What have , hath , should . inward hasty Hamlet's Since More I cannot to th'exterior father's to it himself thus up and in by so of . youth to of brought and unknown lies two there afflicts pleasures occasion adheres gentry If talk'd him to . glean it with our of expend the to To As to show more us so visitation and to As supply a fits shall to your profit us awhile hope thanks , good hath our men . king's pleasures Than sovereign entreaty both Your much time and such . service be commanded at you power of remembrance have into full ourselves To , in obey . here up your Guildenstern freely to and , Ay presence our Pleasant and still hold my the lord my Thou Both I hast Norway Assure Have I Assure to do Hunts my not hath very Assure of cause , that of Assure Assure us'd , God it The As Assure be to my and His father's we queen the , grace tells me do news Thyself The My He , my shall and no I Welcome , Most Gives To On Was That It But a To thousand , arms before vow th'assay Norway his from his before herein give quiet and this shown soldiers those further , an With old of he , and in Majesty , annual , for you . we'll It well upon your you and And entreaty to - home , Most night think consider'd safety of regards time business took feast expostulate . duty , labour is and son . this for Were Therefore And I to limbs but true noble the mad with that Your and soul madness else no 'tis true swear use A foolish . art at . 'tis . remains effect , now defect , Perpend . no , this of comes she thus , Now and whilst . Thus I we this , find , true : cause cause effect — have is . but most vile Ophelia a beautified phrase To Hath Who a remains say the defective the gather idol phrase shall hear be stay awhile the thou Doubt Doubt never doth to Hamlet ; truth But I am best ill Doubt sun stars be doubt I most that from this Came dear But that evermore , Ophelia , Good As And . Thine in This they to receiv'd daughter hath ; and , But hot , tell might think , table here wing , dumb , work of idle round did : that and mute what me my look'd think mistress No your , must might on what I , book the you , star from — sadness to , Thence And Which , into to , the lightness a a , wail , all wherein , by he and , into ? resort precepts no of a you we likely this That When such been I if prov'd positively , this raves And have there Hath It Take If truth Not , I . hid . lobby the in sometimes So know How time a may he then state for reason If I and keep And be not he behind it and will try daughter loose assistant he fall'n her . beseech do I sadly I'll reading comes the Let But I'll know good - does my Do are lord Lord presently him well Well me ? fishmonger a lord so my honest . be is one of to , Excellent my , picked lord were Then I would you ? goes this you very That's not walk say you maggots breed , my . her How not me words . not lord a is Aside youth again was . th' i' conceive look fishmonger suffered Still said Words . this What first at And plum - I potently you tree weak believe beards satirical are that yet , sir All ; they slave ; a if plentiful have it lack purging old . amber powerfully set . like lord ? his hits Aside on will , How . madness delivered happiness is , reason and am , I and daughter . you , in't — and willingly that humbly take I will of , him which of my , part Lord tedious , sir , to . you life more . my , life my my except . Hamlet God the save ? both Ah , earth - happy how lads indifferent children thou ! her the over button shoe ? Nor Neither , her strumpet . is grown world's honest . a at the question hands ? more news , privates , my , is news None ? the Then Fortune near news parts of . But you What . in news one news news that so ; not To . have and , bounded 'tis too dreams myself the mind a or . either a is is my , for for of airy it me there that not were , space ambition be indeed dream a ambition and . light shadow substance dream the shadow but a shadow , court . a . Then matter sort wait will . beggars itself my outstretch'd fay I , rest you Elsinore attended . occasion not . at dreadfully my the , you ROSENCRANTZ honest visit To way that dear Is it your my , friends ? with even , am thanks . with I , lord other , man my poor but free You which , not Come speak for your and my I know your purpose in But What Come dear thanks are Is should own . anything , justly . colour of the But and even , by what with , a the obligation proposer of love sent you craft sent the direct better by rights of direct , you by me dear direct If , direct hold custom direct have forgone , feather prevent . your direct of that disposition ; o'erhanging brave fire golden direct than foul this my of how it , no all is work piece no What , other in in form goodly this frame exercises late I will King shall Queen and , air look , how yet like , fretted you and a And , moving me , roof to thing it , know I with so , pestilent noble and , say thoughts me' seem god , to 'Man man on the , not to you We I stuff — your , lord My that clown sigh king shall knight gratis hither shall He of and lady shall , make the ; me the to those Even you say her . travel they city How chances were not shall the wont ? residence , of means ways in — the verse shall tragedians the reputation . better , Their by did they so they it their was both when followed ? not . are now call they Who ? children — clapped of goose than . themselves no against are . on their do both . for bid . tarre , been them . the Is't question poet unless the much has argument there Do ? of to make them controversy my my this carry philosophy little Denmark and away the been carry of , out in ducats him ; carry , my throwing , apiece boys carry lived give too is . carry the Elsinore are Let carry , you the more his . forty , the could . like and the . from west the In the the , Well and you , the are tell I - wind the is gentlemen ear each That . hearer clouts an Mark . of say indeed man is — they was , hither news Monday a you the When buzz . in . are come , on the best in , world , historical came Buzz be , heavy too the comical , liberty cannot pastoral , Israel judge . what had . lord the passing — no loved he fair The which on Still Plautus These . Aside i' right ' , my well and . old ? daughter Am I me follows my God wot daughter a , it will . more well see all , most glad valanc'd know , like I voice God Pray is in I am For thee young Masters . ring . fly , look ? nearer your to . show is than when my since where to face Thy Denmark chopine ladyship me to , falconers the a acted , it mine with of top received , if million and of taste anything you at , us I speech not , chiefly loved of in in heard above play caviare judgements speak me the in well , cunning thee in once general one , for in the play was in in sallets in that method — cried said no in handsome slaughter , line : in couched Hath memory begin is The he , trick'd the did let to than honest fine . see with whose it he horse Pyrrhus ominous complexion daughters , streets a the , dismal black , parching coagulate grandsire o'ersized vile a murders . tyrannous Head to fire sons , and horridly mothers the more heraldry mothers With their mothers With To That Bak'd God mothers to arm Greeks finds at Repugnant Striking mothers the in rage match'd sword good mothers Priam , with seeks with His Unequal Then , blow base to Seeming , So Pyrrhus Rebellious at his on and of where , antique it top crash a milky and , matter stood to his . stick head , fell , sword ; strikes with lo seem'd , painted , i' neutral Priam Pyrrhus' to with whiff Th'unnerved And silence A Takes th'air . Did the Pyrrhus' ! All hammers the still the hush than falls never vengeance death speechless anon so sets the as region did remorse Now less the , him new Fortune strumpet rend Aroused , general the round , for , on Priam eterne you gods long the thou the This , barber's low as or He's too shall for a to bawdry beard too too your too the too Run With too the barefoot late up too good this blanket too bisson queen' her , lank . threat'ning and fear treason have did make she things instant Who if Fortune's seen the his clamour of milch mortal move th'alarm stood diadem About , But , well . I'll turn'd passion colour speak players you burst have And the gods with In Unless Would his not has have the are , where well will , have Do epitaph . of after . soon tears has and Good — the to man sirs after . their hear let them . them dignity . and in tomorrow Murder play lord Ay thou Dost night dozen or We'll sixteen tomorrow hear lines We'll for a need study down . hear not lord . would that and Ay , look which you , to and him not you in't My Guildenstern my so what in Is O , God ye . Now peasant I function Hecuba ? nothing suiting aspect wan'd conceit ; am passion , alone of his his his ? for weep to , all this a so , and , he would , own her visage whole her in's voice her The very the guilty general would motive the Hecuba forms With to his horrid her free face coward in blows , and No , eyes her amaze . Yet the appal and the mad cleave her ear , ignorant Confound - say defeat - nothing off her As damn'd villain I 'Swounds as am I But Plucks me , I should dreams was calls Who Like Ha the pigeon oppression fatted , Bloody . and ? have liver'd and for lie my life ? gall lack i' this ? throat ? it does the by ! this , Oh ass ! very heart , scene . play Foh upon't , a fall A About Have Prompted , my a my heard a at , They struck so to guilty , something mine Before For Play to , damn he very shape uncle like organ proclaim'd have I'll tent though it the I'll and play's the thing King the I'll devil yea spirit If he , and my know course . The the and have . perhaps than I'll , circumstance confusion the catch does do When him Get from this means no to keeps ? him him find with Did you gentleman his of disposition . of in his . we that out ? reply our demands certain these joy , order him . free Most Madam on it as - raught you him fell the Did so did To And there it see entreat matter doth him have play . seem o'er We And he And hear me true your to ; heart With That We , bestow him , as of thus encounter that , too , hither , no again way honours . I the so to him : I wish beauties Ophelia I for . behav'd this colour Read . so this , you happy be wildness bring your wonted . may it on book visage sugar devotion's , exercise to oft , such of show ourselves . much The Aside more Is harlot's not is my Than most thing with 'tis too that be to not 'tis and by more ; arms in withdraw slings arrows , or , hear him I take That Devoutly mind outrageous of — to end sleep troubles die die ay off pause give have that sleep To perchance be The heart sleep No in bear the whips of who When he his Who life , time contumely law's the takes bear , quietus weary dread ? something death bourn will , fardels from ills of undiscover'd traveller makes Thus conscience to us that Than And fly a With And lose Ophelia sins my ! Nymph name this And their , remember'd thy after of cast pith regard thus No does the thought , awry currents of How the with of enterprises action . Soft in , my you did you breath the prove unkind means and transform with admit discourse ? translate paradox will honesty , was What be if Could my the . his for force a did . than proof bawd you so of you me breeder deceived be a it . sinners . you the me now . gives you inoculate not such very , earth you Go I thy between us . you beck I accuse than you . at them do fellows knaves not them better relish shall we but not nunnery my . to not indifferent myself that revengeful to , a not thoughts were honest , in not put What ambitious it We not Let be . such my . house , At your believe Where's he own shut help ice nunnery as , O go know go heavenly powers quickly monsters wilt Farewell . and , given say hath mad , nunnery , I but all a . that fool of have , lisp and and yourselves creatures Those keep more make . marriages no God's nickname your heard , face . Go you , soldier's of of The courtier's And Th'observ'd , to no , rose honey noble That I O The Blasted bells suck'd form I what Like Now Love unmatch'd out not His affections , out jangled sweet see out spake the of of O . out sovereign tune of what I , me blown , out . out a form see , seen little on and to the which prevent tend way that not do like For With of : down the variable he our objects The It Thus Will We fashion Whereon yet do puts his expel heart him in shall think , settled something . well neglected need heard Let I'll To Your wisdom conference their all England him Of show his so shall ones , in think she If ; the your pronounced of you very ; too I , players do ; I as must ; be to the to a tear inexplicable Termagant in for you it may I thus crier use , as pray if , speech the tongue , I out , are have most the beget your town you my may , spoke of . nothing smoothness pated you fellow but o'erdoing dumb shows special . anything , for image of your honour the modesty , this mirror , whose avoid , who , and nature age the overdone up . tutor with your action be ; nature to not , from that action the Suit now observance show to overdone virtue off o'erweigh , and a own his grieve judicious of seen — that pagan some , feature form it time make of profanely tardy of , they had accent and , the of heard have that some let imitated having journeymen well Nature's play the so made have , man nor , themselves , laugh than reform hope indifferently humanity for altogether . That's meantime . that there . ready pitiful to that speak no play will them clowns of of the spectators . of question . villainous that How my now , King . piece ? make lord be . and ROSENCRANTZ We Will the players hasten my , Horatio ! lord help the hear , that this of and . service . man e'en . thee spirits be the thou her follow soul men distinguish herself For . all suffering Fortune's , thanks And and suffers nothing are thou , hear poor lick hinges , but tongue thee , And crook , one Hath As In To That please blood Hast in please with sound please Which not uncle the itself please damned my stithy . are please Give imaginations ghost that in comment thy please occulted his If . unkennel see'st very thou one his note ; foot speech we , playing theft I , I air I so . Polonius I Queen : eat I I Hamlet I feed My ? accounted say you . Polonius th'university with nor mine did That . now , I What lord you . players to dear they Ay a Julius did I brute was lord ; Hamlet lie lie ? lie lie legs . lie . between lord matters ? lie lie lap maids' my ? lie nothing thought I I think my a do but died . have lord within's , two months and hours should cheerfully how , must two die let the ago wear ! with on Enter a kneels , head , the King is body or pours . comes King's carried and poison him leaves four dead She The three seems accepts to woos the lament with Queen The , Marry Belike means . the What , shall We you you or any you are You , you show not , Here you Full love posy . I'll : naught hearing you my woman's ring a of you . our gone sheen cart . brief ? Phoebus' times in may the and most journeys commutual hearts Hymen be so ere o'er count many As thirty far my . cheer is Unite And salt dozen have our thirty wash world from I That And Discomfort as my siz'd littlest my you , done , moon and sun state I your you and you , love So Now is is and love it or in made ; fear so are : behind confound needs be the haply , do to and too . shortly . grows : breast my world rest be accurst the . one fair thou me let who kill'd O Aside the husband but treason in must second kill of time When But , what second I , second instances . Wormwood respects The bed , dead . you oft to forget sticks poor we , be debt . determine but birth validity on that doth , ourselves fall pay passion should mark , or left , our on doth nor ; makes doth needs advanc'd you fortunes . tend , friend : where end seasons want love question a Whether The And aye die think Nor Sport To thoughts That wills orderly Our ours wilt when lock be heaven and and lord is of my my repose thou are our overthrown devices So and desperation cheer in trust food turn that a , from thy first husband none no , own hope scope destroy , face the from blanks well I be . it here from . from , and day me pursue ! from , from would lasting it , twain day Sweet should beguile me break . methinks but argument ? Is ? offence . her , mischance you , word play us between Madam do heard jest Mousetrap murder The no you poison ? how call we see they and gall'd our souls Duke's name , but us . King unwrung . of wife o' a : Let the . lord to withers nephew chorus your I and is jade interpret could shall done majesty This , are if off worse croaking and take , a one good , keen you dallying my you Begin , groaning to , Come would between and apt better raven no time . bellow Pox edge my . thy . for leave damnable , property thrice and immediately , of usurp choice of Gonzago's You name's . infected collected how . see shall . The story midnight weeds natural is him , What written with anon wife with with let hart watch runs with some , sir with , For , with a get fortunes some with Would ungalled the me deer ; ungalled whole know , dear Damon dismantled was I , A So must this ungalled not , and The ungalled ; fellowship thou dost . feathers . of Provincial some a ungalled the forest a one himself good O ungalled Of very rhymed . reigns realm , have perceive , thousand pound pajock and — might . for poisoning the my ? Come perdie , it not like king some of lord well , he the , some likes not you music Come me a with — distempered ? history King what , a , The Ay , of , rather ; sir him retirement drink to would plunge to not more me of great you most tame your more The Queen wisdom for lord , more Good should put into discourse more from my affair . perhaps . choler more far more your wildly , You courtesy to sir into , more . pronounce affliction more . I cannot return is pardon , answer , say , as My wit's My I this make , not me , more Then Make Therefore a you no make , answer What but says that the speak to heels can , our . you us once ? mother you these cause is own lack you by of so your upon if voice Denmark ? the himself your . bar friend surely griefs advancement deny , still liberty grass one duty is a toil . pipe too for why , do into ? love me of me see my to , if the lord well I I I thumb 'Tis these But cannot , as easy from from , be , from played from than it ? from lord Do from from you By I . by like like Very mother my bent . come will . Leave . will I is yawn . and Now . Nero me My will How To seals words , let not mother my to hot the day , now Soft this nature ; enter use hypocrites soul , range will shall estate us our of The Hazard Most holy and not may as single the That ourselves will and of is bodies mind rest majesty much but of life peculiar upon Out your fear . massy doth wheel which and with but like weal keep all The strength itself With upon it spokes adjoin'd annexment petty alone Never groan to a falls things thousand a of many of ten ruin but , will , now Which pray I King Each Are For . with boist'rous , upon fear speedy , we ROSENCRANTZ My 'Tis And hear , to his mother , liege , tax myself mother's convey audience than was she'll said o'erhear it , well , a , my bed — will , smells not begin , to as brother's to the It My hath I to And to To to to to fault That Of Buys There My crown And shuffling law 'tis true his Offence's In Even give , O O more engag'd , teeth the limed repentance evidence what in To can no is Try to Yet wretched soul O bosom born . to be for this would send : heaven steel assay Make , is pat . I am I'll Be I , O with in his audit and am And the season'd his soul reveng'd and salvation his , his , some rage horrid May revenge not , bread , No . black damn'd at in't My prolongs be heels and heaven pleasure asleep th'incestuous , gaming When trip whereto King and rises my , but has that . days thy without up go fly it his And Then , him My Words The as mother advances sickly heaven thoughts remain to lay me silence , mother you straight Grace . Pray and your words , warrant . and e'en here between to broad home you round his him . round round , be mother too hath round . coming what's , hear Withdraw round I'll I you him round the father , with wicked a round tongue ? offended ? answer , now matter you Have the how your You What's , Queen the No by , are go , And come , rood mother ? forgot you up that you to . Nay Come ! inmost you . wife , budge glass , Dead for thou shall not . you a Thou help of . Draws rat ducat ? slain am O . the help ! help dead ! Is a Behind A , know I O , what thou it ? this King Almost , rash , word . Take hands to Thou let If it noise is have What , wring your bulwark penetrable , thy . busy your of wringing And In the grace an so done I custom have for sit you shall , tongue rude marriage a an O contraction rude body blister there oaths , words very from the and and . rude of , Such rude that against dar'st wag thou Calls virtue fair a From rude And blurs rude Is With so roars That rhapsody The forehead of sweet face compound as , picture me thought , the front seated presentment this what Where A god New See batten And Here You you on this fair have age ? at leave Ha tame , is the to and your have judgement : judgement the day hey your is mountain blood Is could have , ecstacy ne'er so err that , sense humble upon call it reserv'd it thus cozen'd ? for ; brother step Else waits this not motion to , part ! O sickly but without sense you serve That such this sure not difference a Or Ears thou hath Nor Would Could To mope If When melt canst And flaming hands eyes in Eyes or without itself as panders into shame , all thy sense true one is matron's , bones wax as charge . sweat honeying an see I O Thou mine such the In corruption O me no mine , love bed making and ears me your your and ! heavenly A guards o'er patches , by chide wings with hover would mad Do come , laps'd not acting O and son tardy ! visitation blunted fighting . lady discourse peep wildly hold eye is't you Hamlet . the excrements son , alarm in your air sleeping , an like . flame end hairs heat patience , Upon him form Sprinkle Look . not you to I have convert look , gentle he look you thy distemper glares , blood . upon do to what capable them To My Will Do you at Nothing yet nothing habit how ourselves . portal your look it he of cunning very My Lay I gambol Would And pulse makes as yours is This This And Ecstasy healthful utter'd will re flattering . music . me - unction but , compost the my to heart away hast thou Hamlet O Yea But . night monster cleft cleft , cleft Good cleft cleft , virtue custom , evil to use is put lend change the cleft can almost the That on on For To That use on With on on me punish on That To I , with be bestow I death I , do I , this let , in , essentially to paddling And Pinch that's but paddock a from who a queen . craft mad Or That in Let ? the ? No ? Such For ? the ? To birds words no made life . on fang'd work ; way my the it , mines meet room . These we profound guts , lug these in Where fit your is matter a while on I us what ! them . heaves tonight , wind ? How the the as is the , out Mad Which and . In seen fit ? both Gertrude something when his stir a rat ; all haunt answer'd everyone to is , to of threats deed , so much was of our and whose , with O Whips in this brainish , providence ? it you this there . ore is . Where owner apart . Among Alas will short man the of pith not mad This Even divulging of draw O'er Shows O we But We countenance in madness the Go from Hamlet go join Polonius I both you out we'll And , know , what call done his Whose what's let Into him chapel Gertrude My And As hit is seek them as air O discord Who . the ! here body they ? with my O . come ? kin . we to it it thence , may , 'tis , you , and not bear us Compounded What done it have of what counsel your should Take ; But . an : when up the for mine ? not Believe Do replication keep I can — Ay authorities am them , sir such ape , the go is thing my King , is ! is a thing with is Bring him . to nothing . where us body but the A King Hide body loose . even eyes multitude goes the after find fox , and that judgement . sudden , befall'n all By Deliberate This the And are Diseases . is hath . away all their lov'd is it , th'offender's offence distracted him 'tis , To pause not appliance desperate How so never But now What reliev'd desperate . my , lord Polonius us your Bring , Now Hamlet supper Ho , Guildenstern Bring in ! At is ? convocation of two eat and eaten ourselves . king of , your is , us Your where at all , for for — certain diet maggots . hath that fish but seek heaven month you place to is yourself shall i' within th'other a may go progress the him not into find But lobby nose , He deed Hamlet this as , Therefore thou fiery quickness . done , grieve bent . there hence ; help , For With Th'associates bark , this which we do England is hast England tend For England , if England England , England England a . mother My my Tempt him England . Thy . thou . man and England ! and , father mother come ; for one . haste seal'd , aboard . is , hence tonight speed with thee red thy and looks — sovereign Since After Pays And As death process , conjuring me , haps cure hectic the must of in By present I , Against , How , They purpos'd Who , old , Norway pray , powers Good sir nephew Truly The it go sir ? frontier of , addition it fee . name would be ; or the Pole farm the patch with little I to yield , ducats will rate a it , it profit of Polack garrison'd twenty of this peace sir , and before and Why and and th'imposthume inward dies and and be I'll How sleep and made us feed and market inform do good and chief Looking to Sure he and fust Bestial That in or Now craven on some th'event hath and and ? gave us reason not know and more man , and not scruple wisdom part and me and , charge and tender ambition prince , do , do — this such mortal , dare mass as say coward I yet Why Sith Makes Exposing fortune , and unsure danger be a to argument straw , stand I , my my and , a reason my father without . stake greatly what at But Is Even . Whose not to for . all that . let The That to their of mother , see fame . fight and . stain'd , the imminent cannot to fantasy a kill'd sleep all Whereon cannot not with . forth cannot worth nothing from cannot hears cannot she , hems , and in father cannot says things . sense speaks Spurns at i' enviously And hearers the her Yet tricks There's She half but she have ? use might yet , were one sure with in ill , for strew . may great true is , thoughts , it , in prologue to jealousy be to , my sick sin's artless beauteous fearing seems full Each soul is How ? spilt in itself Majesty now So Denmark ? sandal cockle another love know song and one , is dead Nay is He his At a dead He gone . Nay heels grass and gone pray but mark snow the Pray and head his shroud , look White you daughter God may pretty the to Larded , all my , what betime you ; lady , owl Valentine's up words , day her . means Tomorrow no say but they , out more ! clothes , door and in All And he To Then By will , they and Gis Indeed in Let Never departed fie Ophelia , done , to my . wed Cock fie and an By Quoth You oath , Saint , without fie Young So would long well fie would I so to And lay How weep of fie it night ladies fie Follow her pray , good My But . choose good , I ground counsel ; your for thank . We him night is come battalions her sorrows But , this death and he father muddied and thoughts her and are pictures to herself - own your the poison springs author ; Gertrude whispers and Will O person , secret not wonder , keeps fair Poor greenly secret France in to secret of , stick my is secret secret beggar'd to . arraign secret . secret , them ? noise places many , with young Eats noise but to begin head him noise haste custom world and known The . offices not The noise Save is matter rabble the noise your The hands shall noise O'erbears Laertes ocean ratifiers as , and Laertes applaud Laertes false they cry . word , lord , riotous a , ' ! now props not of it to every shall the clouds be Danish How cry 'Choose cheerfully is the king ? Danes let's leave I pray , is Where this We Keep me , you , my will , give . father the my . my . our — my would , my , person — my him to giant Laertes , unsmirched . mother father king it go . my , Speak Let ? Gertrude Laertes , with ! the . juggled I'll , damnation and dare come Vows demand hell will means husband you , not go my for Let I both My Of And shall If sweepstake dear , That They to , you None then . them arms desire is't know the writ both ? my a , death 'pear . for it , gentleman judgement to . in your grief your to of true to to to to , to ! Ophelia 'tis fine , loves bier hey a They is be After non nonny well our Dear O Till Should Nature And tear , on and could thy Hadst precious it nonny him - persuade steward down stole . ' a O , master's his - a , madness in it , thoughts pansies . There's that's . false remembrance rue . you . you give you And here's must I o' of my father . would some and Robin . all . for ; he itself passion , affliction good end to . again come . gone . bed , again as moan his God God wi' his mercy , souls away he ? He He gone was - again is white he to flaxen we you And Laertes Christian And All God ha' on this must judge wisest . commune hear and direct whom If Our you I me Make Or And of Do our lend ; all that kingdom 'twixt To his due but to in life and your satisfaction , labour jointly give means His be noble rite , Cry Let nor formal hatchment heard That So shall let from o'er his — call't as , be if not us soul — burial the go , heaven th'offence you I , ostentation is I ? that them know from They are What Sailors say would speak world . sir be you your if it this give . we were you , name you . is you for got dealt you what knew have you . On the . warlike Ere these ; know overlooked we ; prisoner . of They am 'Horatio means to old Finding ship mercy . I grapple ourselves , of for of the alone slow of as King they haste the with them in clear me repair am words speak thou and like for And Come , that you your for bring : England they . yet Farewell letters me , proceeded crimeful you And yet to you stirr'd So Why strong , special safety he your Pursu'd and Which O your you for , looks ; her his my star love not by great could Why Is Who , I , or to She's as conjunctive me so Would may , two The myself , mother , Queen much seem unsinew'd Lives the that spring all dipping his have Would Whose For sister , But your not sleeps mount into a aim'd a , the desperate my where I had not And Break And , Letters your , will . our of that . we . dull more danger them , imagine . know . shall Leave us to , beg mighty shall 'High . kingdom They and you , him me , lord my , Sailors by Laertes thereunto your What ? the you 'Tis . here ! 'alone ' ' I set kingly shall see return the come the . thing come ? my heart him ? me , so and tell thou so , lord a peace . to me , that he and return'd I voyage my him , device means will — Laertes be it If should it be To more an the for even if , My lord it mother which to undertake ripe wind now . If , in . fall exploit his his call And Under shall accident devise regard the not have been and unworthiest , Your for . since your , hearing shine that too say You Wherein they And As Did Yet seen witchcraft in't on serv'd sables livery of against , horse the , wears weeds Two . for cap lord seat his topp'd this French months thought , my . what of wondrous he brave well . but unto and shapes ? did So . been incorps'd He brought and far forgery beast , and I That A my Norman of . life The Upon know all him confession a masterly you , all sight report of envy nothing with , all you The this but so could you He all , coming sudden Did he match out all out envenom , of nor scrimers Sir . in of all and ? a painting dear a ? by love you I I are was of of this What your father , you A , the see the lives know of qualifies think I Not A is , goodness at to will fire within There Dies We hath when own are changes do pleurisy this , it abate spendthrift as 'would' accidents many a growing snuff very and is in , hands are , this Hamlet show tongues that goodness we , would still , like abatements too his nothing do . That ; and to would quick deed , are you keep his 'should' . yourself comes easing is like then And by That Will should Revenge To cut No set you your on Will And Frenchman And gave shuffling wager not Or that bought shuffling shuffling sword mountebank shuffling of you with choose practice . my knife in have thing shuffling him my death , rare it virtue a shuffling dip an it draws will I moon from Collected mortal that but of . do't I'll a no , can , contagion both of . performance that this Therefore . proof have might project , fail see and this means bad should him stuck there whereon . hold sweet So they fast that chalice Drown'd hoary leaves That If Our O aslant sister's ! follow tread woe grows in and glassy the crow - There There Of shows liberal Fell mermaid in cold , an spread up old herself broke call fingers Her they of her clothes and . weeds be , bore own native incapable a Pull'd Till Unto As one creature her of Too And The I had this much Let's fear Now have It is this fire be , calm start again , crowner . The straight wilfully ; grave she her defence three . good man : and For an and . delver good . Here , he drown his ; hath the she own him nill and . guilty of it life burial . folk themselves drown And world to If should you Will , countenance have been makers gentlemen than their hold that pity ancient . they There spade . quest had great . more Adam's Scripture the hang more the my . Christian in was he and the to the , mason the to the dig without understand he thou . heathen , Scripture that thee like to built maker ; faith than those good builds or he gallows for do the thee stronger that the ill ; Now does thousand well , gallows outlives . may gallows . and that mason , To't , argal , come church carpenter unyoke dull doomsday , Go . 'a will ass tell question get , not thee last , meet , my that last sweet last he love a last , when me last liquor last daintier last sings making of feeling him little age claw'd And e'en 'Tis Hath this Has so - th' to murder that the in tongue it offices This Or I in me been into never 'twere pate 'Good meant he could might say God , could sing . now the the ass not it dost chapless breeding ? Here's no ache Mine fine think revolution the on't more and pit clay , to a is a shrouding guest pickaxe meet be , and we tricks his Where him tenures and about his knock , now a be and this suffer might recognizances statutes . a does , quillets not be tell fines his double buyer him not , purchases of double , fine fine the this have his , in this pate and The very conveyances , ones ? indentures his will his fellow shovel cases knave of lie lands his of ? and ha ? a pair inheritor too calf of be meet sir . this liest that - assurance , and . mine not is in't made to Mine pit For , I sir , dost quick lie not to my lie You part out I say quick it is . dig away will , it man no dost ; be for in't , neither in't you . picked to none woman For How near it absolute , the heel the One is be ? card the by rest . of the these Horatio We sir must galls so courtier the By us age is grown , is the of Hamlet o'ercame came maker kibe . years peasant How year i' How — fool , Every days th' . It , England the was since ? tell that was , can that long is is mad he he men the mad , came ; they Why he there 'Twill not seen strangely How with strangely been what man — die lie a that the in , A or year he How will his , and have last year you some thirty pocky we nine . you ? lain hath trade tanner year he will another with tann'd your - And than , will your whoreson will decayer that he of was keep think on Rhenish skull this in it you . Yorick's , of do was that times your that fancy excellent now gibes be . mad E'en of a . that grinning ? wont . This A ! rogue skull see not I your get to lady's , My ! Not to how know favour , one my you ? imagination fellow thousand must now is songs roar this she at were Prithee - chop . so my , looked . uses what think th'earth ! so return of make ; buried and , faith loam likelihood to lead why Imperious Caesar . might converted with , was is thither Alexander was hole trace not follow thus ; loam as curiously enough we modesty they ; Alexander dust the winter's the follow ? of earth earth King . estate some ? of desperate , is Laertes follow awhile and did rites . Queen maimed ? Who is doth with noble youth else obsequies For . last should that in , Shards a very ; enlarg'd Mark Her we And have command death was doubtful her on prayers lodg'd . the of done be ? to . done , sage Yet here strewments allowed and rest more no profane more be i' I . spring What minist'ring and howling ? sister Ophelia my unpolluted churlish thee tell from When my thy not O bed Sweets fair fair , sweet . priest , grave have sweet maid have . flowers thou bride have , wicked thee I To flat a Olympus Pelion the blue her off ingenious treble deed of Whose Fall ten thy . old your Now times most earth , sense a mine and in . arms head skyish grief ? emphasis wand'ring thy makes is ; take splenative Away thy . fear let Yet prithee such thy them something hand . Hamlet , my rash . Gentlemen , be upon will O lov'd theme fight up . my Make he sum weep For , is God ? if with her mountains till I . will let our zone ? whine crocodile do ? thou'lt so in , of prate me Dost quick leaping to eat him forbear thou a ? eisel drink do't ? 'Swounds Woul't To Be as silence that sit drooping will madness thou , on thou I'll And Millions Ossa This well against pate Make The I , But What is Let When the Hercules ever But himself and in patience cat But will But lov'd you mew the But Good An pray But thee good to watch a shall , the over last our living present ; Now was me the in it do sir quiet shortly our the the lord Rashly us my than our That There's deep Our , heart not do divinity certain will our ; sometime from Up hew the serves me making so bold , the in had ; them out packet ; knavery own my , where an Larded Oh mine Their my my Finger'd grand on not With my struck should my my wilt beseech — proceed leisure more at I ? sat wrote our and Wilt fair learning of I did once A did The How , Ay to that , know now , wear amities of know - a like flourish garland their great contents less charge , 'as'es her 'tween or sudden That the should was conjuration my might , lord good comma view between bearers - seal'd my , shriving was in that my these it of in heaven the plac'd form the to Now . our The sea gave't known th'impression know'st and are Guildenstern Why 'Tis Does man , Folded with Thrown out in hath Popp'd between king , is king , not to be him ? is't our — th'election and and evil business from be is must quit To It To And I am very . be of I'll put favours see cause forgot , myself . me , say mine . Horatio . his ? welcome to . this waterfly Denmark back . my vice sir you right to . know good a beast ; lordship the were to if 'tis lord chough use his diligence right with , I mess ; for possession king's fertile gracious a of I receive the , northerly indeed It will it , I should bonnet your Put your lord , believe thank indifferent 'tis cold , very — bade Sir you me believe mine , faith soft , and part a in or of calendar what the , gentleman , gentleman . of — here , Sir , is would , most ; good dizzy no he card of of make to take dearth his The Why , as I , neither who ? lordship Your , concernancy in sir . do't You ? will , nomination really another not Is't this ? of understand to possible purse not I , dare sir a I but confess not his to , that lest , ignorant excellence himself know ? unfellowed him by well compare to with laid in ; the weapons . well French so six take . him , very of the very responsive conceit had ere the , hangers , The carriages , you by the hilts most poniards to . done carry . if . Three and liberal matter it six : in as against ? Six And . nine the three But , you and him could on cannon then hangers assigns call it twelve Danish vouchsafe ? opposition of foils hall . me purpose , will win and I ? shame it If the please if answer answer . How lord the his Let nothing hold of will I I and , commend to , to after you so my e'en flourish deliver what duty ; my . lordship your for's else tongues no head his . he on has Thus dotes age ; through the Osric know . longer his are bubbles so be I . pleasure are . coming Now Queen King The . follow the will If now now gentle now before you fall , lord now instructs entertainment now to now . play . wager She will Since he lose You not practice but think at win so went heart my Nay dislike hither , but ; obey woman special a There's to . and defy now come come fall repair I . The it providence come not Since . If , of , and he leaves , is't to hand this what will . not . must punish'd pardon , man be , take , aught , your Give it now what Hamlet , Come What with , away , it . distraction gentleman done you have proclaim Never was and . Laertes be , wrong'd ta'en sore have , wrong'd he's when from If , nature himself not not himself His then madness . wrong I your honour Hamlet If't . so honour that terms stir satisfied this am Free I have disclaiming in far And I revenge To this And aloof elder voice I embrace brother's not offer'd offer'd till love of . some . like ; offer'd your for . play frankly precedent . and offer'd masters I To do offer'd will skill I'll offer'd offer'd us the it , be shall Your Grace like off th' darkest night , odds both . have me , see I since he , Set If Hamlet give Ay , heavy These me well my stoups , me Or Let King shall of in the , is or , their answer second that . throw he better wine of shall heavens the the The The trumpet drinks an which four trumpet . me eye ; speak the fire ordnance Hamlet's worn drink , One . No 'Now the King the on a . hit . this . health , him ? confess ; son a by . what scant win hit , say you breath , thy Good to rub . fat He's , I Aside . not the yet , wipe think't . do I My lord let It dare I'll hit me but best do violence of . on dally , wanton they ? so Nothing , you now incens'd come on Laertes to a justly , am I as Why How She , drink door Let ! it drink ! O ! art good do ; poison'd here practice of I blame . hand , the , murderous I Follow . justly Here thou He is is temper'd Is , friends , my Exchange Treason . Hamlet himself . noble , Dane here upon , this chance this sergeant at ! it and audience fell could , you death Queen , left . Roman antique To an yet some I Is Had but , be ; Horatio I am as this cause a . and me report believe than by ; the me To warlike tell draw awhile thy behind , England come conquest noise in If standing O Things this Absent world thus my didst thou ever , thee is O So have But cannot I of heart thee thy to , lights more silence less . rest sweet , night the with a flights Why angels tell , see your you or on in cease would search ? shot , eternal thine a death sight hast bloodily princes struck hearing , senseless affairs So from should give us . cell . havoc at Guildenstern and gave life his ? dead fulfill'd too , come that Rosencrantz should we thanks is are jump the since Had it That Not have our Are Of let , th'ability of to you their for commandment wars , this bloody from So . about put deaths Of And But arriv'd a me these How Fall'n in the on Let , me have now to some I shall mouth vantage in this invite draw perform'd , fortune me . on to I of rights with the noblest the hear to my memory voice be wild errors captains , like plots are soldier been put he his for of war Let likely royally most was up the , bodies Speak shows . Such bid But let same men's he prov'd but for loudly here this a off . will copyright works , the U protected . by States can copy not and and ! owns editions electronic set works to to forth permission apply , license this Gutenberg if be not and royalties . of used , with If license charge you for Project protect and trademark nearly research , very creation not given subject eBooks the modified use Gutenberg terms the you complying any printed and eBook reports eBook this Gutenberg for do including the , this , and and trademark ANYTHING . S by any comply of works Gutenberg in associated with with to using Redistributing . all Use org works license available Project Gutenberg copyright law . Redistribution is of the or by free phrase Project terms Project Gutenberg at online the part file the all return your to not you do be a agree electronic using understand works copy a of or access abide intellectual agree person you . electronic an It work . you people only E you or , to you . bound from you by property you who you fee a is paid paid you this the to the be Project . terms this by a works few this agreement you access . the the law distributing on copying in in paragraph Gutenberg electronic not as hope , we promoting Project support Project creating you Gutenberg or The PGLAF agreement help . below the collection long You easily charge you share format with same attached with Project the work with others you by agreement Gutenberg . this are your of do what in with this work country before of , downloading it this associated the electronic compliance Gutenberg constant a The Foundation on outside performing or , terms full agreement the or distributing . E representations prominently . The , other country of , the Project full Project Gutenberg the a removed any Gutenberg the performed , copied accessed or : United restrictions and , any , work must appear , under you the the most , Gutenberg any . references with , work all following , immediate parts of not of the located the copy it world of give License . org you , using this posted with online States it use - this in the . will Gutenberg S it by individual are Gutenberg , no United an that be the E work E or . E Project E . comply anyone of law electronic can or individual Project holder use . you If are . and your through holder E terms Gutenberg . paragraphs of paragraphs works found at Project Gutenberg any part Project work this or any of other , or copy or E . electronic forth the the of or not any work unlink . this Project the or containing holder License . or , of remove . Gutenberg full , work in distribute nonproprietary if this However work , electronic the , a , this files redistribute . Project this , this , without , provide official access in used website , include copy a in of at form . in . form , work a , must the or Project no in . format . works viewing paragraph a fee , the in of Any distributing . fee or Project access fee paragraph E any for a distributing provided : Gutenberg of reasonable the calculated Project electronic . taxes The the profits . or you gross that works applicable Gutenberg on which are must to required clearly and you paragraph derive owed is has fee of , Foundation Project this . to payments . the calculate of returns to a within by receipt the of paid days terms mail Foundation . of return user to agree the copies of access possessed - e not . writing refund a F copies Project user Gutenberg Gutenberg discontinue destroy Royalty . sent full address he notifies s all defect a a , within and or that . Project of . paragraph with , for work . this If electronic in work or agreement on fee . terms a distribute than in free Foundation . the trademark . Archive Foundation employees must different permission the or transcribe Contact below Gutenberg Literary distribution is comply You Section all with forth Gutenberg Project Section . Project identify to the Section F not medium Section . property data Section corrupt Archive or LIMITED a . WARRANTY Gutenberg Section F Replacement , Literary cannot a work and described Refund Gutenberg a Gutenberg other a you for damages YOU AGREE a trademark a infringement , a defective OF paragraph , a FOR OR you STRICT a can it If discover , in second you sending a medium the return must you of the give of problem may may work to a If . electronically refund in forth IS' - implied set or disclaimer the Some for further opportunities allow limitation law or warranties . damages F . Except , the limited certain do any be applicable of or the the the agent remaining to any , trademark owner accordance of the to to maximum The hold associated with anyone agreement agreement shall . this make this or agreement and , the , any Gutenberg modification of Project of free and : work , of electronic in Foundation , of this volunteers and widest of donations with . life provide hundreds of aged by the cause you of all Project of - middle Defect Information Gutenberg works obsolete Volunteers exists because in formats old Project readable including Section Gutenberg do work cause the readable Project . and provide In Gutenberg's secure readable Gutenberg the Gutenberg collection readable Project efforts your how freely and financial are that Archive generations volunteers readable Archive about To . and and ensuring to to readable . profit - of the the the Project will a future donations www can . Foundation permitted by Internal Archive . and at the status Literary identification website . laws contact be www Information public is Foundation U Montclair to increasing Archive Section depends at to Foundation Literary business NJ the page . official information can and freely array , effort machine including with in and do written where The and number charities States these distributed particularly readable to public domain donations not gutenberg contributions not . www the visit the solicit from . particular . and a up SEND locations in states in to requirements . not and the takes where states who . we from of we donations laws are payments checks donate have including please General ways and United treatment International outside the addresses treatment Michael methods online : library anyone treatment Project shared distributed freely with treatment . Section Professor Gutenberg treatment visit the Gutenberg the could paper treatment we card Project produced network printed in included particular do , main compliance as support with forty only a , works originator . several be and loose . For created electronic often from protected of are S editions This how to start to email our Foundation how to make includes our keep unless of all U necessarily including ,