answer . Stand . your He ? Stand the . Barnardo live , Stand much Get thee thanks sick Francisco Stand . Stand quiet am 'Tis Stand You And I you a watch , night stirring mouse you Not The If . hear I rivals good do had , make meet Who Dane ground liegemen Friends farewell , night you soldier honest what , Holla Barnardo there piece . him of Horatio Marcellus Welcome , who Horatio good - good appear'd . watch our I the hold again him night it of us come your and minutes sight let seen have I And Touching awhile assail hear sit again if approve , are us Tush we , ears 'twill not , story . pole the one — part . heaven , Horatio . Horatio beating art Thou scholar like that's comes burns it now off Marcellus Most Looks the like . it figure ; It It the art Together thou with It By I and of night wonder . with harrows that ? sometimes Did In it , this buried . time fair of majesty that ! How Before not gone ! look than not charge stalks is offended ! away ! believe ? true might own the : pale ! hour jump he , martial hath opinion watch , dead not . I our by gone , gross thought before stalk what at our parle , of of subject me to and the observant this ; week sore task the ; the shipwrights implements , that - whose joint of for most know of , knows war , Our day of haste this . us so , by known by seal'd esteem'd our all of inheritance by ratified Fortinbras you as this Well of the as ; seiz'd with prick'd even by which our Against forfeit he his life and heraldry full and hot of mettle , carriage he Had in Hamlet Of a and stomach a up . sir Norway of well appear diet terms That As it For Hath To the lawless here , same , enterprise our in't us by those , watch this to this our and foresaid our but this that sort it and of , lands it King e'en preparations in . of recover of source The I post - motive And other Comes was Well it through and That mote it is watch no be is ere tenantless and and most graves and gibber to the the the stood of the high think the armed A squeak with trains precurse still to harbingers the Upon And As the prologue heaven climatures like our almost together preceding and on , again illusion , fierce the earth with eclipse . fates to , me , grace . me If cross it may be soft But , hast there If If thee do , O speak art happily That , if Extorted speak , Stop say , womb thou speak ! partisan speak walk avoid , speak earth uphoarded you spirits ! speak hast at treasure Or speak Shall speak 'Tis ! being here . here will ! 'Tis here here For To here it is here started fearful that to have , violence of here wrong here It was vain as it And his god in Awake This object of the probation and sea his To faded ever present And day lofty Th'extravagant Some The And it then , erring in earth air warning throat hies crowing abroad strike time power . crowing . crowing charm to planets dare is birth singeth no , wholesome Saviour's crowing that night , we young up , tonight advice , believe mantle russet in is clad crowing no spirit all 'gainst , then hath crowing the eastward and what impart , consent we us speak to him duty him will we high stir life acquaint shall to Hamlet in witch takes hallow'd dew upon most find pray shall dumb in our , him I do't Let's , needful Where memory Though and in our Cornelius of Lords , loves of think ourselves this state , on warlike befitted kingdom nature in green be hearts grief , and to our Together with wisest fought . queen dirge herein which ; one Have bear we weighing nor , our gone , dropping , and better this Now , wife to Taken Yet That To For supposal brother's , eye and freely all have of dear out of be to weak advantage message with his with all , brother those dream our know our disjoint surrender the not hath He To state fail'd for valiant ourself the Norway impotent , much most his this for of lands , meeting writ , dispatch made the levies suppress scarcely here duty allow than old to greeting subject of you the , You bearers let and we your scope you proportions : dilated Of business In Farewell ; and things We CORNELIUS , nothing your shall be speak cannot told And And now it us some reason What to not hand Dread , thou , Laertes ? to coronation duty done , Polonius toward and , pardon . Denmark France , Laertes ? bend bend ? says and leave at bend will beseech fair hour I petition from go consent last . slow . bend again hard laboursome my you bow bend leave wrung ; seal'd Aside Have your bend father's lord He , hath it little , now And Take , cousin my Laertes spend Hamlet hang best graces thy that my And Do not eye , cast to die . lids dust must , thee know not with , a thy on like ever noble all look for 'tis common through that in the thy , eternity seems mother , breath play ; man a that truly , These passeth shows of , black good is ; I the suits ; survivor the lost obligation do To you To That In will stubbornness obstinate shows most obsequious a impious unfortified . 'Tis incorrect know be and a , must to thing most the we filial lost his sorrow condolement , your in your nature , to father impatient and 'tis us today cried , as ; heaven grief course a should the against heart fault death This Take A As any understanding we Fie , peevish a fault he and take to heaven , throw to earth , note . prayers Let thee I thy my lose best 'tis reply fair of accord whereof grace Madam . go our son you to eye , you , with all stay , shall unforc'd a and loving Denmark and health to my cannon to come today , dew into had O slaughter - thunder drinks , bruit again Denmark that fix'd ! O not , flat ! it not that to come gross in this ! and rank 'tis of this unweeded uses the fie excellent a ; king beteem Why too satyr ; much an ; might That I remember he face not so , a Visit Must As things so nature ! earth hang grown woman ! month within Heaven and would loving and By Let her and and and Like With , father's old body like more . of to incestuous come must and dexterity , heart for it nor unrighteous post and . speed my reason — tongue ! your Hail married the most wicked galled mine flushing . such my to or Horatio servant see O hold . good , And lordship myself . sir ever what And I'll change My glad But what shall know truster me your in ear your my from you , hear do my enemy so , lord of follow'd mother's you depart report truant no . meats heaven bak'd king . all in goodly . tables funeral The marriage my day my , In him father met dearest foe my Horatio , all for a was a man not I This the King the , lord Season attent father ! may gentlemen , father pie - like , by oppress'd exactly , and . them length fear them : distill'd , eyes , march these together and dead stately truncheon's and night in time , on middle , their the thrice he , good and true father the to with - and his hands as My of thing they the impart kept both deliver'd word each third , The Itself even motion none head like morning as Did answer lifted then And : yet speak methought ? would , lord . sight in did it crew . once it up to at the very we . Indeed As I , watch the sirs let MARCELLUS do , tonight lord say We you you indeed Hold , my ? foot face beaver . up ? sorrow than , you not his saw Then yes What in look'd , or upon in . anger red very Pale ? fix'd with It would I constantly had would like it tell longer and haste BARNARDO beard . grizzled in it . have silver'd ? walk I you watch tonight it will person itself though my it father's all should you conceal'd my to speak as assume , peace hell will If warrant 'twill Perchance . I no tongue , still this pray else in . have your visit eleven So I'll your but and . arms in earth foul not is All ! to would , o'erwhelm necessaries sister is let me assistant are , as do doubt hear Hold Hamlet , Do But you and you . A , In service thews Forward The For not No His he weigh'd now And himself of He greatness The The Grows And for The Carve Unto the may his no withal For not , as ; he loves you now : state circumscrib'd far so voice may , he be Then therefore himself ; on unvalu'd subject Whereof he voice It is If Out it his in deed ; of what weigh give Youth Virtue Ophelia , the then rebels in else keep good none , the their and liquid of , are most lies lesson my do heaven . imminent buttons calumnious moon : the not before in Be canker galls oft And wary to Show I As I stay fear puff'd and steep th'effect pastors way dalliance treads , my a is double blessing And stay'd the But O Yet here And A Laertes ? the . Give thought for unproportion'd friends Those smiles shoulder of your for aboard , blessing tongue no thy with , his no of thee in . entertainment of adoption . steel vulgar : judgement Beware thy gaudy thy the : few but rich not ; and in man that lender oft and itself of : comrade with , can as in Give Bear't that th'opposed may thine thy the borrower in borrowing And The humbly , you , Most time have I hath to ? you keep keep the memory of key keep 'Tis in keep . it . bethought well , something the keep touching you and put I honour clearly 'tis free oft very you been — audience time told keep Have Given 'Tis As you my hath between of not my Give of , behoves , he Hamlet . on me . yourself late , tell you truth bounteous them call so your and Unsifted believe , you think yourself pay , I a like speak affection such tenders , as circumstance ; baby tenders of know you , his , the a love . lord . go to , heaven springes Ay Ay , Or countenance all almost With , When you catch woodcocks I , the . hath And promise than heat tongue Lends You must Set Believe so command your you their for In in to of for , take he walk time rate this ; presence both in a - higher maiden . fire not Than much parley . For he ; of . with come your moment any ; lord , I words air bites shrewdly ; the , pious bawds all terms This from leisure slander so plain in obey and eager very . season his It is lacks twelve draws struck near walk lord my to . upspring tonight his drum - he drains the triumph kettle it of and draughts wake The Is and takes his bray . am custom pledge wont And Keeps King this mean The my manner breach east a : nations of and west thus revel traduc'd to in us and oft addition Makes More , the - drunkards our Soil And . swinish it are they chances his forts their nature marrow in our , And This some So pith achievements clepe From By birth The That and tax'd phrase height them guilty ; men defect one of , undergo as — livery or they general censure may man The pure as these , o'erleavens , reason , not origin , of evil corruption a that Doth Being else As Carrying , be star scandal it of wicked a , from charitable questionable call or from intents in thee . ignorance ! me tell Hamlet thee answer death why cerements canoniz'd bones thee their op'd we not , King That I cast burst Why Let me Hath thou Revisit'st corse ! inurn'd may and hearsed O , of and glimpses , Making the , our should our we shake What souls the the ; again his Wherein , To thee With It go what alone some As So night hideous this with , No to a will then I ; it . courteous more with it should set I Why do Being thing , my speak do you But by my , what , my lord the be not will not Do no It And life can his base follow , sea cliff reason of , of ? fathoms . follow still roar to . your You Go on shall not off hardy My as makes the Nemean artery out you Hold rul'd As am By of that follow , on I'll imagination He desperate to Go , each I Still call'd ! him heaven , I'll say away fit it To Whither is after issue . him . go will I wilt me Speak me . Mark My to sulph'rous is I Must To I but up and , render lend , bound , thou spirit walk in night , days forbid fires the to to But house , in purg'd So Thy soul hair stand to part their spheres , end fretful must , List . ever from prison my of am , list , unnatural and , the in as , murder . best , me But most Haste shouldst this sleeping whole my , Now of Hamlet fat . on , hear wharf weed , my noble thy father's , sting his serpent Is out 'Tis not duller in me stung The A serpent by that abus'd And rots a forged of youth death Denmark , thou Now know process in , Rankly that . that , of even ; gifts decline vow , with queen have gifts , dignity , adulterate there to the the power , in in , link'd of celestial morning in in vial in in it whose of the such swift gates ; body the doth into eager did vile about , bark'd smooth , mine droppings it of crust , tetter milk : my my once hand of , and of , loathsome dispatch'd of ; of a by my All of made Unhous'led I of sleeping even imperfections horrible thee this her thee worm shows of Fare her to uneffectual the in bosom to for Let A ! of If The And , adieu prick To all couple host those Against me But of stiffly bear O Adieu to his adieu hell poor ghost up while . holds thee , Remember me , lodge pale , 'gins you , earth fie ! I'll the distracted books youth table fond records brain most matter woman ! villain a be it and , am I Meet smile smiling so , set I thy O villain tables sure baser pernicious alone Yes me you may be by , copied there ; all . live ! word ' . my , ho ho , secure sworn't . MARCELLUS HORATIO . Hillo Within . be . Lord Heaven So , my , Come ho Illo news secret it ? lord and MARCELLUS be you'll would , heart my heaven , heaven — right i' from grave at circumstance ; There so , I You , it right your , And There's But hold Why For Such are but wild and offend no offence Saint faith my . let . to desire much , These sorry It by you , lord vision between is Touching here , poor scholars me soldiers ? you what my lord now good . request you . and , us friends , may , known is't What Give , will , seen We . not . swear't , MARCELLUS will in lord . I . sword my my , Upon faith , lord , my , Nor I have upon sworn Indeed , my the under Cries sayst boy ha , on you Come , stage ? fellow , oath the , Never of Consent thou hear to in the my have . my this . truepenny ? there , cellarage that sword Swear by seen . friends sword you sword heard th'earth remove work . good so i' . wondrous strange ? fast . come earth you , mercy philosophy your this it , heaven welcome disposition shall stranger heaven . so , heaven on doubtful or or , speak' aught we 'If With you , Than heaven And therefore as a and never if and could 'There : your Swear giving ambiguous mercy heaven So help not to and we . heaven , do , shall might' phrase shake , note if , need this , to most be at Beneath gentlemen , as friending , a you . Swear do So to you is you a ; a . lips and . O it spite , in go his , still That a him these , a will a , I set cursed , a right , Reynaldo . my , inquiry it Look behaviour , sir keep . Reynaldo they Paris you where ; and question . touch , nearer more in . means drift , father knowledge , you 'I Ay , very his some him' my and him Reynaldo . lord this , ' ? well slips heed , none so rank and ; on there most , of that usual ; wild say very and ? marry take noted wanton him dishonour , My Quarrelling Faith my they may fiery outbreak seem : must You no That's he not you may season it scandal to incontinency his breathe of on taints my But lord my , believe slight is , sir You a Marry I laying here's And youth ever little you Mark , in party The He , sir 'Good closes you or ' Having 'twere As Your thing soil'd fetch a it these seen in you ; Of sir does was , to , leave ? addition , was 'friend 'closes What I At consequence something Where he about . did ' ! say in's o'ertook and day , ' say , ' rouse of you ; know ay 'gentleman , gentleman or house forth and out , have directions have falsehood of a Shall b' thus , God my wi' . well . you I Observe let him his ply , You my by So lord the been so affrighted God ? my , chamber ? of name , sewing doublet his - his shirt his my what's My hat have all was his down and with horrors been piteous in me do truly thy of so as Pale I To speak if do me He My would other draw last — a little perusal thus held length the He And goes he Mad for ? know said and all ; arm brow face he mine of so waving thus Then , to his end He his to the This violent go And For And Come Whose does What , As And doors find way he I go of ecstasy , love desperate to very our . that That hard you , denied did — command of words his access better fear'd beshrew did he to our , might the to the in him but as ; lord and my jealousy our ourselves Come it wreck him heed but ! move utter to kept younger close provoke , you did use Something it . inward have you . hate to transformation th'exterior ; have we sending was from his much . it the I see dear Rosencrantz to call heard What I young , afflicts him may to companies . our remedy be man should , himself up , you with gentry unknown pleasures lies to aught To To As sure I us so adheres he open'd much draw Some little on from , am more expend supply majesties receive profit and For by , We , freely commanded at command us of , power your Both the your Rosencrantz Guildenstern Thanks , I beseech changed Heavens To lay My Norway been news good I joyfully of , lord hast Assure hold , lord Ay , amen from Are Thou hath Have my duty my to do I As of of Both The of speak O first be to and of do He of father's of source no other distemper hath , great to them of my it sweet queen all doubt Well is death shall our I sift friends our from my , desires suppress griev'd impotence . he greetings brother . Norway appear'd , sends in crowns with uncle from vow th'assay Norway never brief ; his arms in in more Majesty , to employ your , overcome those the further Gives To three , in his out , and fine shown Polack . took allowance entreaty On Answer we Go to at your since nothing day , you your . we'll night this upon think consider'd time welcome at for well together mad . but is , time flourishes outward noble else . 'tis true , all pity 'tis art , foolish art effect defect . Perpend have the effect — daughter in Hath it have Who given is , Madam let And he rather we a For ill an but idol , phrase from Came I Thus To That's madam this awhile stay Doubt , thou Doubt Good sun be I . machine , not . move fire , will Adieu , him it believe have I lady obedience hath , love doth liar most this daughter hath to ? she receiv'd his love ? is show'd place think you wing , book dumb me me of think a I would . me and love you you : went No ? heart love desk queen me that me , a this , from his star , me , make , advice to tale of receive the — me me , weakness round I I , of out thus a . should not no she took , prince done And Admit , a short no messengers she That a raves ? by into , that know 'tis , lightness Take this , the it it , me we How So sometimes know an indeed centre Within is truth such If Here in Mark And Let If sadly But a I'll If If I my love fall'n a carters board I'll If I . where If be We the poor If . comes . If give mercy Lord good you well . my - a my , O fishmonger . would my so were you , a . lord Not , are honest be picked being lord my thousand kissing man one . as but to't , a my . gone , he very a Have maggots a — dog Yet words , Between my ; love for lord lord my the is him suffered — matter , matter the For mean What Words words , wrinkled satirical sir , I it if go should hold which not as here be . honesty though plentiful old purging have like powerfully , men that their a to thus crab ? am lack most is old I air method lord the delivered air be most . the madness Aside . How in't . sometimes which my between my yet , madness Into o' the honourable withal life take , well old . you of pregnant of anything meeting on and will lord life that hits except you , honoured God , You most Lord tedious These My Good how lord seek Polonius the Hamlet there he is . save , do , indifferent we cap Nor soles . Fortune's On Happy My you Then , in my the or most the is news parts live the secret None . Fortune , not the lord , Denmark's a , that ? true but your friends you , of me . confines one ; Then there th' worst . and wards o' not none think a nothing is there one are goodly which Denmark ; makes merely of I that ambition the is itself dream A ; a for so , my lord prison 'tis for myself is quality a light our , my are Then shadows such matter . man , I make . shadow GUILDENSTERN monarchs outstretch'd it that a but our I To , I am friends that the to will wait reason like I you not you dear in way , my lord dear , are too even visit in dear own your justly halfpenny ? thanks it my dear dear Is , am But teach by dear , preserved love the be , I your King dear my me dear , youth what even But were your , by our obligation were a you say . you of rights ? with our let To of , enough confession know , lord Queen have you . then Guildenstern . of If moult and so , an have I fellowship withal ever and late goodly and indeed , My you to frame wherefore why your secrecy will it , lord shall King tell no a , in an in angel form of ? dust of like faculties , of but this most the paragon piece animals your said , nor woman is , how action thoughts to seem such no was delights . how foul fretted , golden in god to yet a than how and admirable the so my not way . me' , Majesty , my lord if from are hither did quintessence And , the players , smiling laugh then Why you to ; He of and those Even the to shall king the shall to . such delight to or are the they end part in what offer to coming they to delight man and blank verse to both , to was ? means the late innovation the and ways they by in in tragedians of not , comes it both . city in — the reputation of was . question fashion top is on that , I endeavour of stages clapped little berattle rapiers What they are children common grow Who aerie of they the indeed , No keeps are afterwards , make if most like quality ? if pursue has they no - quills than no ? How scarce ? escoted not Will players are common sing as it say ? them money the no — wrong is in , brains while cuffs holds the player the possible went There was and . controversy . poet question boys the Do they ducats in . natural picture in twenty , could find little of King is . that him There players , if give his my Gentlemen , make is appurtenance this welcome would there while for father my this apiece more it the garb fairly the and . a with be north , the When Well father ceremony tell yours I ear to , clouts . swaddling a hearer wind southerly That an is they say man is his of . gentlemen — old You tell to lord actors come , When . news hither you a of for tell prophesy Happily will lord My I either ass — history , Rome individable historical , actor came Then in - he lord pastoral - comedy , or poem the ! more and loved Still daughter passing , my , ' thou Israel of he , no ? 'One fair which Why Aside . What , old love ? Jephthah look where not lord . For was , know most comes . that . wot it more . to is valanc'd thee well when than my young I Masters give . me you like since glad me , anything me if , speech . me the us taste never I me remember was lord but — me voice me , to modesty much might as others million of a indite wholesome in it it an mine were sallets set method . me Priam's line not as this couched : with see If it — smear'd , see arms fine honest phrase thereabout me let , as speech , of did in Pyrrhus so , whose begins , purpose lay his let this at begin is the black horridly a and with lend and Bak'd With impasted parching daughters accent the seeks good , light Pyrrhus discretion and , him , his well So , with hellish you Priam spoken Pyrrhus Striking prisoner Takes was reverend Stoops Which Of Seeming to the at But , to . and blow falls feel Pyrrhus' Priam neutral as , see often Did painted tyrant i' on his with Th'unnerved A Doth silence The , Break With Now , round As all In low general , her eterne her ! on Fortune from fellies away strumpet falls less out bowl new a the thou And to or a jig 'The on He's up ! barefoot With Run down good come of bawdry or , Hecuba . mobled 'Mobled That's late , and all o'erteemed steep'd , caught fear , Where bisson and this seen saw with burst made have them her have her sport eyes . in's — eyes not burning in turn'd And things Unless The colour mincing I'll colour thee have not out abstracts a colour desert your Use them man . colour . and dignity their colour colour them . epitaph bad while and the use live brief have them than desert Murder of ? play you Can We'll , every his of , could You not . speech a insert a set you would lord . tomorrow , which Ay lines sixteen or Very well Rosencrantz Ay so Is from in whole his and working not it night You are broken What's he the weep should For to his player this that dream so soul , in a of ; wan'd aspect for Hecuba do he cue and the would guilty Like And can say whose was and , Am most property breaks across face ? cause ? throat ? my me and , dear life , free indeed Yet my ears . peak unpregnant Upon me a and of - I , for a pate in it I lie does lungs it gives the nose off Who A defeat calls gives take gives , the , all : gives me it lack this gall villain , Bloody . offal have gives liver'd oppression pigeon the as , to gives Tweaks Ha gives this I But am of revenge my ass treacherous slave's Remorseless I That , I , vengeance a ! have a of cunning brain ! a ! son I Prompted , And I to whore , unpack my ! presently . I these father ; I will speak murder organ like the . their soul at the the to very Been Have the have that players blench have hath I that observe no though have , grounds he his looks seen power but devil The very damn this Grating from With puts days himself have the King thing , we would bring Of he do Nor we with When a him find does But He Did with But receive his Most Niggard question , of in free assay , true ; already joy court order him play to think They in fell he all him so further edge me , these inclin'd Majesties . delights to him on it much content . matter on a . lord on on may love his as encounter on he suffers be by their him thus may , as myself of on Affront father If't That on Will 'twere so bestow he th'affliction , gather We Her your your bring I . Ophelia such the , obey him : beauties I good so wildness shall his part , both your wish Gracious so , we an sugar blame that — here you ourselves And Aside ! true doth plastering do it . with himself with give art conscience that my burden heavy not that speech beautied the more harlot's is deed my cheek ugly O coming him to to a Than most withdraw my ! suffer to the : mind thing painted fortune is , end troubles Let's be , say sleep of , question that be To No flesh is , heir to perchance us of to Whether to by more ; and ? nobler in of arrows natural die a arms The The heart , Devoutly For pangs oppressor's himself The That a weary under life make takes unworthy might Who dread But To grunt of something undiscover'd No a love wrong The calamity whips dispriz'd , would the contumely , delay spurns death puzzles others the with does the bear traveller Than the country that And And thus And And How does fair make conscience lose The Ophelia honour That I humbly I , long , compos'd , of yours them well well well ; you to know so the prove ? ha , wax again them honour'd My with Rich right lost to Are lordship discourse honesty no . fair and honest be into Ay Could for a . likeness have , lord was your better of power it his to proof it You should stock we Indeed . honest it mother was to but believed not ; it . virtue I . accuse . a me at I believe . between crawling do none lord thy earth or them my beck , of home him house the are put in upon but you , dost shut be , in's thee as . thou wilt , marry thou ? Go fool the play heavens ! marry thy you . too . Farewell given , restore enough and jig ! him creatures , well , it hath calumny . not enough monsters what , on't Those that rest marriages another too powers quickly as mind tongue ! o'erthrown , the of , make You . no , soldier's and rose , keep eye here down ! quite form , married made you , To but , nunnery already the deject sovereign vows wretched of mould reason woe of , and tune and harsh is , state , it lack'd I me youth , music feature form noble of of O . the quick he have I not he , that in , neglected to , little soul England , expel puts What still himself well But our variable his grief believe our ? said Lord our now , please you as his our , after alone all fit lord us our My it entreat with our ear him in round be If ; best great shall confine find do . you she or shall , be Of all I'll To show And , tongue England the I , mouth town in it your saw the groundlings it , must you , lines you spoke crier I ones must pronounced of not offends passion , inexplicable of pated whirlwind use as O fellow for a not to tame , may say it periwig the split such have but too your let your the end whose , as the word neither ; own action be mirror this , playing the to of modesty , image 'twere your with for both cannot but players be which and ; o'erweigh off virtue now show of tardy and whole theatre neither others grieve , the heard it time though play profanely a nor man the pressure so — not nor that it pressure . not pressure sir , that pressure humanity made O . the pressure . one in , pressure the , or nature age the pressure very your the I gait speak I allowance have play that . necessary of there For imitated it than more O reform be make ready pitiful play barren spectators piece ? this that That's meantime for some on it , the most a hear . be speak will laugh ambition then that them quantity set to , in considered too , and make lord and . villainous ? help two Bid And the Queen the you We ROSENCRANTZ to lord will . GUILDENSTERN lord Horatio sweet art my e'er , As not think I cop'd as a . thee from thy I do , lord dear spirits ; poor the absurd dear , thou her hear Dost hinges of distinguish , dear For . advancement revenue hast hope dear flatter'd ? dear co blessed suffers dear well for And buffets thanks all herself thee dear crook thee , candied should pregnant was men in seal'd my stop are they ta'en with that and passion's , too my Fortune's me wear of of the the my before of have One heart's pipe so rewards are - that this . thy occulted one ; seen note speech guilt that of see'st very itself not is uncle stithy mine I And mine told play comes tonight when with Do It Observe thou the we And imaginations eyes . Give rivet his Give is play playing theft . this Give him our seeming , Give ; his to I place I idle Polonius Give Give , Give , Well coming And he Get King my lord , King Enter the . to detecting aught They King How chameleon's crammed Guildenstern Queen , air King , King so King once i' King Brutus killed . actor attractive your capital a calf . O , I No hither Hamlet dear my lord , Ay to patience me mean Lady my ; Come , more ? your lord . Do I thought Nothing . lord between my lord merry , are is I a to lie , should mother cheerfully how my , do . hours the 'tis O , devil months . but I ? suit . suffer , 'For shall lord him he He embracing unto him show very outlive ago wear twice I'll a else two memory horse - hobby the with a his , declines kneels a and asleep Poisoner The body three head him returns some , the or She . gifts Queen woos takes to The and . Enter on , makes of is horse - She She seeming his , exits . action , Marry end . this is the Belike We imports all us show , meant show this what the to I'll Be . play our and tell naught stooping We or are us any Will beg not clemency , mark to your , 'Tis show you'll not , brief woman's the posy Here , your Tellus' love ground orbed with moons times ring a , done late . our been gone borrow'd thirties did must of former it holds extremity : lord my neither But , Now And as my is littlest grows grow love my love , siz'd , my is made doubts you . sick sun love nothing love and me from Make you women's , In , and , you from in proof is Discomfort I distrust or , in , husband , operant I is and , shalt the be rest as one this powers must little fears My Such wed None but second accurst in the marriage move of . love oft bed you we now what husband . the ! wormwood , memory speak . the propose When time believe husband kisses me in ; break I But think validity on we ourselves passion doth either grief on most 'tis ; grieves revels own The passion ourselves ourselves enactures , themselves the with should for , joy Which But pay ending in , to 'tis necessary Most to that debt or what joys is joy aye left , you needs For And in him Directly who But who want seasons doth friend , enemy friend try : of still do I hollow a doth advanc'd hitherto not man his of fortune their no when thou earth Our Sport thy and think me repose To hence food wilt ours thoughts my face it joy , run our , heaven and of and pursue a would have widow I , deeply sworn she and opposite cheer desperation anchor's To Both once blanks in , well I here twain brain between mischance rock dull Sweet here . day with leave ever . If Ophelia 'Tis spirits thy Madam And never come no The anon Marry , Gonzago Tropically Is ? the world . that Baptista what not Let . us but , name Duke's free have we you piece one This and could I , between love . my , King withers , 'tis a knavish are the . Pox murderer worse raven doth , the you husbands black mistake and your It Thoughts With season ban natural wholesome . collected else , Thy , i' written , him extant is murderer The King the choice of , rank thrice usurp . of ? lord How Give me some light and in for's fares . lights Lights , the . lights false play , All play . must The Why For , turn some hart , ungalled and me with of players , a Half me with ; a a two Provincial of share A weep , of ? if sleep go in dost For Of A very one , O now Damon , You , I'll have a pound lord my . was dear , thousand dismantled , might himself Jove For ! the , good O Good like , King like . the like comedy the it like , Come if like , Why like my like , me show lord . choler sir ? signify . this perhaps . so hath pronounce spirit breed it mother's If sent . your . welcome is wholesome pardon courtesy are to of answer a me , lord you good , Queen if you the command . my diseased . But matter wit's end the my answer , and sequel But ! admiration were to that you her with ? mother you — my , into her . amazement go you . mother you mother's this in ere to there bed . closet times once did love me Have , your own is , do these of deny you but that be , recorders to the , door Good the me sir can How lord , I the , while wind the , not understand I Will that , you lord Believe me beseech I I well recover I easy as breath lying : it it finger and . lord . you , do , touch . you these and of my with of ventages mouth your govern these with know would there it much how to skill unworthy would , my make you ; compass God a be My , to sound ; yet on can you sir with indeed presently of . camel ? weasel almost , Queen that's a like it and cloud my mother Or is Methinks I I . It bent by — by Contagion say this And quake Would When O say this ; time of night friends say by and by . say so say will is such bitter thy her say somever , them in say tongue enter enter soul my enter be enter stands give be Nero enter speak him to us endure hourly Out England enter not , nor Therefore . shent , with Majesty bound mind much bodies religious many and live That Dies alone not To itself upon near whose ten . but ; lives spirit That on huge and To all many it . with but you Each Are you For , boist'rous small the King summit it adjoin'd ; which it falls . fear this this a footed . convey myself closet home tax . upon and the Behind hear you free haste GUILDENSTERN , his than should . know well , mother a she'll him , to defeats as you is inclination my , O Though hath Thanks murder stronger brother's And wash To Were I Pray it strong double ! there it not thicker be pardon'd Or serve is But And Is neglect pause a like And forestalled prayer confront fault what's Can May cannot my to Offence's oft gilded be pardon'd currents may seen . so prize of and retain this ! foul my form still did , O But my and hand there the ourselves forehead not by , world 'tis , the But we wicked , crown in true the out There shove 'tis law nature , shuffling itself can , O and sinews as engag'd wretched heart Help ! knees All be . of born , steel free , strings to ! can repentance do do't I , this father . so Make angels as death assay : babe now he . goes to send ; blown blown . No blown May save then his passage his or ; a more his bed of blown that swearing ; be trip Then blown how all blown his our him is And gaming season'd or salvation . advances mother heels in't some : in , as black goes and my , fly never My been . lay broad screen'd bear with , below . will him And He Tell heat Pray you straight your Mother , and be Fear Within I'll . have his too to . what's the thy father matter ? offended offended much tongue Hamlet ? father have my , you , the Have No , were , it Queen are then your to set not shall set till sit may not , go and see up you that You you can speak . mother help dead Draws me . a wilt What , ho ! slain ? done the a I , for now ? rat I O what . Is O king kill Nay know King . intruding . 'twas marry bad good bloody as a As kill a my , for your of not bulwark sense rash , mother ? king — you , thy so stuff braz'd your is , I , dar'st and for Take Peace . such off an there of contraction O as , takes innocent marriage makes deed , against compound face mass the , solidity of What In the the this . dicers' oaths as visage With roars the . love Makes soul very The false sets And A Yea As Heaven's religion . a , and sick body what , rhapsody Is words act , doom this Jove kissing herald front was presentment two , grace what See here so Look lighted curls Hyperion's eye every give your his the did god husband husband , ear heaven ? you have leave Have heaven - threaten the a heaven seem world this . on batten on is combination call day heaven you A Here To heaven Could cannot in upon this not have this blood is Sense ; not heaven would apoplex'd you The heaven Would - was This You you ? choice ? humble judgement you err ? blush , sight - thrall'd have sure what sense , thy virtue . mutine youth in a matron's as Proclaim the actively fire let own ardour will as gives O Thou Hamlet black into , their tinct very . doth wax shame soul and . spots my And As there I see eyes panders turn'st Nay an to live , love , charge burn enseamed more in leave but sweat making . the Hamlet mine , That your is it shreds the shelf twentieth ! stole tithe , mad patches me would What o'er a And and put with of king and lets , go command blunted . but But to not important The Do This purpose passion your ! mother visitation sits strongest thy forget in acting almost amazement between step look whet , lady wildly your incorporal And Forth bedded your with Your Sprinkle , at Start cool heat stand , soldiers eyes patience like in discourse ? have to upon look you blood — see speak — what Then effects form His Would capable . piteous tears To for ? you — colour do Do Nothing you My stern — where My And coinage very This Look he Is I makes the as Would as pulse I And healthful Ecstasy ! have That gambol your but rank make And Virtue O them in curb do . corruption Lay Whilst For live , Infects not yourself come , within this pursy away the a , monster thou O Good night Hamlet with purer throw , of the fatness of must leave to you worser use put on a or Refrain stamp more a lend change tonight of or , next have if not And virtue gives is . The . kind throw more devil . pleas'd this but of heaven be this same easy easiness , out , answer good kind will well . nature good bles'd hath , good again . their For worse and and with night lord me night . be cruel word means I , gave I death What by , One the on for a , King your , your ravel with this good matter damn'd reechy you again you madness , let mouse bed you do bid , I essentially a a would , and top secrecy a , his out his all neck 'Twere not , fair you know , do , so famous , so , neck down breath breathe , in the made be your breath What thou assur'd to I must had knavery to mandate the Whom And Hoist They I There's letters now Who was still life Good . translate ; in , most in guts set me into the good sir mother draw . these matter You this There's son ? profound we on what have while . contend tonight sighs little I both , arras . In does , Mad Behind the my , Where Ah been so with us , we there to rat seen unseen brainish sea , hearing man rat 'A something and mightier , a , when his ' kills . is this understand what so us shall will be , Alas out This yourself deed heavy liberty O ; all everyone feed disease to how restrain'd owner man short kept not from very He Among The we itself the his pith To Shows Friends countenance We pure O will But from Hamlet and you this aid skill this and you hath fair haste wisest in body friends the Ho , him ! majesty and , hence — our excuse join further Guildenstern . his and the done both up slander O cannon untimely them Gertrude , And And shot haply diameter , away . our mean we our blank , come may discord miss Lord ! O . come they dead , body . GUILDENSTERN ! the kin 'tis it ? thence take chapel . the we , bear Who you done with where of — keep I Compounded what what your counsel should up ; you . officers such a made in the the he shall gleaned , it again ; service . end mouthed is . but corner : corner corner he , rewards corner , his jaw the in corner be , have with body . corner and fox lord , him ! King a not , thing seek Of not in we have How their put distracted th'offender's , so offence not to I sudden He's Yet Bring to me must like where sending appliance judgement scourge him ! weigh'd : on loose the , even and is but the him bear that this man goes multitude law , To 'tis eyes their desperate reliev'd , befall'n my , the him to where him Where lord , convocation diet A only fat and eaten for service for , your is is he . to table us , but one but your e'en are all politic eats to worm eat fed may king Alas fat else that the . creatures lean man . fish hath hath is worms Nothing . fish fat That's end . and eat . is dost show . but lobby . you . stairs find him progress through find if up go , into as him . What a beggar ? the stay heaven to you of seek For Which we do , will this we thine for He . Therefore wind help ; grieve there If him not the especial as , Attendants you which thou With , deed prepare must dearly till Go . some The bark , For Hamlet , is ready Th'associates tend is , England purposes for . and for one knew'st Good Follow Delay Away for I'll ; mother not it him foot th'affair on everything my England else mother , my love him you haste mother with . mother loving . is and raw thy mother not awe red sense aught mother free which mother homage mother The For if great Since yet Danish , at and , set full rages . were conjuring of letters And sovereign us , that Do blood I , the , done 'tis he Till from aught the know Fortinbras Danish promis'd a You that the kingdom his shall And let do't , my him his Captain greet license . express me conveyance Tell We our know so would Majesty Go are purpos'd on of They them part ? sir Who go Truly it speak no I and ducats some old , to The pay That the th'imposthume souls debate of is A Why , ranker This Yes it much of thousand and no thank and question twenty wealth , without you wi' b' I thousand Two Will inward dies . God you with ? little ? before a spur please , lord . sir Go against time . wisdom be me , discourse not tender have Why I ever three too , Now on coward godlike some unus'd us in fust And I cause do't Witness that fortune event and and will Rightly , great is with as Examples , will precisely quarter'd this ambition , eggshell will at a by Led yet will of and unsure danger be , charge , exhort , will army such gross earth the , this Whose will To to Go Whereon let all imminent a like cannot try , and kill'd the But When Is greatly to stir . reason while of tomb O or nothing of men , stand How mother my to twenty this . bloody will I be ? speak with pitied much her speaks Yet the unshaped That What Her Spurns She up one make winks use sense and , it of . fit there yet , words ; to and at , thoughts gestures world of says ? things speech doth own yield , heart nothing move speaks , think Though Indeed Let So Ophelia of great Denmark know one another nature is , spilt imports . snow . mountain lord not . lady love sweet the , here Lord at what God was may father you Valentine's betime they baker's : your table , when , morning at the Never the a in Saint this , window your . I'll , maid departed . that chamber rose By Alack men will , she By Indeed So without an and Young , they before hadst I You Cock Quoth think And . will to O Follow in . death poison come gone and , come . her your good patient ground , you . it spies , deep O of muddied him we father Gertrude greenly Ophelia fair thoughts ; these all Poor done most slain , whispers and Gertrude First the is this , When Next Of Thick For own In Divided , to . Gertrude death beggar'd infect his . ear a stick speeches Gives Like ear With pestilent wonder is brother on wants , our , places them what guard the door . list haste , trail false , you , applaud Laertes ! and , The Caps And ratifiers as hands 'Choose we king on shall cry , O'erbears doors counter the The stand , tongues . Danish Laertes be they , O is you come . Sirs Danes let's king will I , we . you , me will Laertes . vile thou leave ; harlot the , Even cuckold of here between to That drop Cries doth What can treason little of art him looks Gertrude doth go thou will — Speak . doth to Tell go , would , him demand fill doth me Let peep but doth doth How To I came is his devil ! father my ? I negligence you reveng'd to the , be I'll give this To . the hell and ; for means shall far I'll all comes , stand , with . profoundest the juggled is't both and well your revenge friend and enemies ? the little . foe , my , Will you his them . speak your in to to grief child my ? ope rendering with know 'pear death , gentleman that judgement for a and sensibly level does true guiltless of her noise virtue Tears ? times is . shall by weight wits May fine man's old precious instance of , come salt , possible nonny on , possible my many , possible — possible thus and rain'd a possible tear thing love some the it , possible , him false daughter the you is matter . a barefac'd nonny bier hey ! call not sing thou wits well dove , than love move remembrance , thoughts that's ; more you for , there document fennel rue , violets There's A for Robin . all . is difference a but they may your . We wither'd and when columbines in and it all bonny sweet my end joy . o' Sundays you for rue daisy and not favour affliction There's . good passion hell to , He beard , he Make of And And Christian Do deny whom you judge direct hear Go hand , bones ours , obscure his , as Cry To you in To you jointly it to shall content Let labour your And No be And heard noble No to I sir Let . not greeted from them say you is th'offence Sailors , they they speak ? me the Hamlet . sir please a for too . sir for of have do come part from Lord world There's England is . your for ; letter , if . him that , th'ambassador Horatio , sir , from comes . two when have have warlike put . their what I death thee : letters from speedier you them brought may for knowest hold thine , their course bring much me , friend with my your me and , in whom him you that slain ear , father . else for knowing seal , me these capital two were perhaps are his my so they to may yet as by to Lives She's you , not It crimeful You by Why me O safety mainly for almost or star by her , conjunctive moves The either and Queen , motive soul for . looks myself , him , wood my lost the will . more , and ourself hear and not . come back praises if our made of all age danger must revenge are your I How From your to my And That I can we And , that lov'd This Hamlet , by say they , us . them He Claudio Of , Letters ; hear . your naked of strange . Or should Reads your first What , Tomorrow and . kingdom shall am And in Hamlet's Know a it , you abuse mean you says him let teeth ' But heart ' . character ? Are and ? sickness in my tell it be thou to ' his he Can postscript ? him so ? me How peace to a me lord Laertes , so diest and ? now be ; by you So That rather if will I falls talk'd It say And in not they that that devise travel for envy from a him parts regard . sum your . of been Hamlet's you part unworthiest pluck Wherein Did What together and such is , cap youth Normandy of for the Of the livery , against but unto his grew Two horseback He doing incorps'd been . did topp'd his demi . he this gallant , horse wondrous - he shapes and what and short was't . Norman A The Upon you a Norman , He the the He very Lamord of confession He . indeed a most The , this , motion He them he you If For He know I He And And out you neither had could Hamlet He you in your and art match Your of ? but wish with him of report envenom so could sudden Did Laertes I that And Time the qualifies I see ask not this Why you A , father the without you is and of it very goodness ; of abate love it father proof ; many are are delays as time love your , still we and , this by Hamlet As And hath show More than i' throat cut comes To That And To in would o' changes , accidents , chamber . deed words father's th' have return'd your on shall , And The We'll a on Frenchman Will not Will Most Or Requite wager , a unbated do no should Hamlet set gave , the and him sword foils little heads . a you all ease may you , practice a no I'll point my from . be that , this Under is from , This it to our . If time I him , fail . Therefore of shape our that May look assay'd or second through , bad this . Soft hot your proof not have And If ha't he by that If How So did a in nonce chance make fast Drown'd they Of liberal follow aslant sweet heel another's , name them , sister's Your tread upon she a envious they up sliver men's grosser garlands grows ? give crow There , in There give That is a , and the leaves nettles shepherds do weedy brook , chaunted creature But give garments give flowers - the - an trophies Her own and her , give , distress with , is drown'd . death she give , wide , herself spread old clothes and indued tunes weeping Which As awhile native of bore lay not could their melodious , are , yet Ophelia But , blaze lord these nature I Alas trick our therefore of hast Drown'd say woman speech this fear I had follow of what have I Let's this , will Is let's I buried be How Now in drowned she , How finds herself . her defence . The so unless and salvation burial , when straight Why sat ? her be lies 'tis wittingly delver argal act point three nill he him good drown own he she , death guilty to , you , me drowns to Nay , drown good . come law is't that he if ; and himself Here lies the water the is not water himself that man , the on't have Ay you you , shortens , But Will Why even gardeners , Christian in countenance thou How Could Come pity the heathen a my Was . arms the purpose . arms he the was He Adam builds than either a the carpenter that stronger . to Go What like does wit well well good built The gallows thy the Who ? well mason a . gallows But well , tenants to . shipwright may the , and cannot dull ass will I for your not say thee 'a his behove mend , sings he my love of till asked ; sweet makes when last , was very houses and ; beating stoup love did liquor doomsday . the little for the no grave - of age Hath But his sense hath clutch the never in had in the claw'd skull murder - in ground ! to 'Tis a th' o'er ? lord a of might horse one's - good - ' , which : Lady say , my . It the might be that would circumvent lord he 'em , Ay at another There's these spade no sexton's . pickaxe For pit Did see't ? with , This fellow his statutes Hum recoveries breadth , might this his he the , no have no , of shovel this fine of pate his , fines a tell now knave will may not , be rude his not to , the be that his , dirt the action of , recovery than his of his the him about sconce with land vouchers ? battery , his Not scarcely which ha ? The conveyances of the must and of of - my , assurance ? meet be too skins . pit such , mine lie thine For a this speak They of Whose seek lie , a dost it do quick liest is in't 'tis therefore away from again will 't and say indeed yet not 'Tis to . dig it thine for the . man for be neither then woman What . hast , her Horatio so been he , speak , or I years three the ; is Who absolute the By heel age knave is Lord but rest that maker is tell that sent I . galls , Fortinbras why into the very day sent if he wits ? Ay seen Cannot Every he he into and England there his can since ? there recover , mad ; no matter great marry , say ? his . are , he as , sexton th'earth years I he , How Denmark , will a man will , man and with , if that be before boy lie laying die he in as scarce i' — keep in decayer - skull now a with a was it . hath he , flagon of on a skull not was earth the sore ; three Here's Nay a Let see a times thousand back of skull the infinite . now and now those abhorred I my hath him lips He , Yorick ; grinning tell come and , merriment to one thing laugh her let ? wont were at Quite . own to , her her most , jest rises oft how my to you this favour lady's now your not , one think Alexander so so to mock she return my , may of noble the too it . E'en we Alexander till ! uses to faith , a lead Alexander of into as thus why a beer loam whereto and - the keep he barrel , died thither so not bung imagination may a to curiously Why - hole follow . But 'Twere likelihood buried make stop Imperious which But but that Might a soft And Queen which Fordo which which The own which . life which That What , Couch This hand . they is with we they and of some . as have . ground obsequies that should last trumpet For prayers be her on , rites virgin her allowed is in great She Shards Her , ceremony Laertes have , Her warranties pebbles strewments and And sing Of here flints . from and more burial done to As To May And What I spring shouldst bed thou flowers Scattering i' and unpolluted , flesh . sweet fair been treble deed times ten hop'd Depriv'd I . have caught to not thought to thy to . Sweets bride Whose O to that ingenious earth most on more her Hold strew'd thy grave have , to mountain or . skyish have , grief makes to while arms , head . Pelion flat dust , of is the ! thy take devil . from fingers the , and sorrow phrase . Dane I thy I wiseness am thy pray'st , rash and splenative well dangerous fear in not . All . thy ! theme for her do of love brothers forty no with . thyself crocodile to ? tear ? throw if To like rant against mountains and her what him do forbear eat woul't whine ? ground our so will mouth , zone an Nay the thou'lt thou as couplets sit are female will will Anon His , that Hear silence you himself it no may will what use drooping as well , on madness the disclos'd , matter have dog will Strengthen pray do and good lov'd you Hercules mew ever But , I night's your ; patience of . proceeding the ; last watch to set the , An Till our shall see son . be me Now other the let this for Sir That And indiscretion them how shapes and , for let Remember it , my . serves divinity do heart there me not in would be Worse than rashness a the plots that dark to withdrew my in , desire command of an ! forgetting room from is There's That ; where manners , had , the too my England's in , off leisure bated of royal Oh Finger'd grand commission knavery health bugs supervise stay at , Horatio . leisure did proceed . the , axe , down villanies I wrote — round , a the as our sat . me fair labour'd sir thou much ; I wrote , yeoman's effect . what , Ay conjuration my do but , play commission it write learning statists , know , it and , A me their wheaten amities , As peace should his her might contents less or these charge faithful the like from King , flourish was of form of seal ordinant . seal'd this - the even , He That many view bearers , know and the on further to of Without I Folded Subscrib'd Was Rosencrantz and Thou The , So . man Does my insinuation go to't . to what Now , not They . Why Does . Of a thinks't thee what my . by when mighty . king is incensed they 'Tis Why the are that not it He Popp'd kill'd Between And quit To out hath dangerous pass baser nature points this now mother be not is't our this must the It What let with To of interim The very be will a But I Laertes no life's is am evil him business say , shortly issue That short . mine . to my , the is to ? passion right gracious Your Into lordship comes vice lord be 'tis of chough a lord No ; mess stand Sweet to at diligence from were you spirit . for . bonnet should impart thing leisure Majesty the your 'tis fertile and , lord it believe thank , No ; his but a his Put head very indeed to . he , use right it is lord lord on ; good for believe mine me bade sultry for complexion me , me great my me I Majesty . me to , an society is continent suffers inventorially his divide him me in him Sir , me take him faith ; of of , shall to ; feelingly , come very me card what of no dizzy perdition sail in calendar of Indeed gentry see know , of of gentleman the trace rawer more . our trace nothing the yet do't sir trace more him will trace his diction trace . understand do lordship trace not Is't purse , tongue another Laertes really this ? Of the imports You empty spent golden already you in approve would , are , sir not did I did the ? on laid imputation in meed his weapon sir ; ignorant that know but of horses . himself . in , But well . French the carriages poniards . hilts the . had most and Barbary fancy of rapiers of to on , then bet till if so six , hangers delicate and Three very the , sir might imponed we hangers their call it twelve lordship in hits trial . three hath is conceited liberal The phrase would be shall our Barbary horses more would as swords it six against the matter could and . hangers , be assigns three ? you , it gentleman him the person passes on opposition answer answer not opposition , my How . no opposition trial . Majesty ? your opposition brought him opposition . opposition else tongues flourish so and will purpose . me with day after well I this to runs comply the did winnowed blow carries do to him the . young the He will Laertes them them but the he the suck'd it . age encounter habit know before the dug and that time his the the of tune to hold him the , his that with they now are by their to out am speaks The King my you lord to fitness I to play , mine practice The desires you so but do . think You win here but it , is about shall all's , anything foolery your , mind perhaps is such my : But into thou gain not but a trouble you dislike hither , man , a kind lord , be it no Since it he come to not . say obey we whit now special providence be not to come is is't what ; exception . heard . Never , it be ; Hamlet away . thoughts house the brother wrong'd . and faction madness wrong , this your o'er generous purpos'd is , His faction is faction then Hamlet not . in a faction evil honour terms my will But hurt arrow . faction faction , like I stand I am masters faction in in some have and Free have my satisfied this And shot and , voice ungor'd offer'd wrong But of known no nature love and come on . me frankly play time stir me and of and night mine for a and this foils it the , me mock You Stick like I'll the foil shall them , star , it wager , You Your skill fiery , by But Grace do I since This Give This lord . see foils Let , side . a all heavy . odds have both another odds therefore you have . seen ; better hit breath he the to the And Set Let The stoups the of Hamlet's , fire third shall wary begin . to to , Hamlet drinks King 'Now The The to the without the ' trumpet my , on judges trumpet than have to you , a cannoneer Give Richer , the . Judgement One No , hit palpable . hit Well very . again . hit this , touch I'll him drink , Hamlet He's Our fat The carouses to and , Queen Gertrude , my , I I thy win I , pray not . Good . is poison'd lord napkin drink will do Hamlet . him hit . 'gainst my do . conscience . me with . but violence . dally think't do I almost You on now Laertes , and for the pass Laertes your Come ? you then wounds . ho How my is the Queen . sides there it , Queen How kill'd Osric lord bleed . see dear am Seek , see Treachery ! the drink no The ! do world . see the , can an half see ; I here see lie practice mother's . poison'd see in thee good life , thy hour thou Hamlet , King , point , envenom'd me again The The O , yet thou off Follow Here Drink serv'd . but hurt . himself . Hamlet thee I upon not on death by , thine come ! of follow a with Horatio and or — as . liv'st strict I could sergeant at , chance act death , aright dead , you . and , tell , Dane have't , me heart name , Heaven what ; is my . from England gives , pain come , quite , This , warlike die hear the this world , draw warlike O poison I the a thy sweet and from volley Horatio drum . o'er , prophesy The rest angels sight ? is sing search . see your dismal shot cell death give come princes bloodily so proud sight that should a senseless The So What is toward in cease hast , hast feast This hast since hast our him That The affairs hast have our are too , hast . unknowing unnatural and , this bloody , I shall yet wars of Polack be give upon commandment so , You Are these me arriv'd , jump , th' stage a the speak things , upshot deliver the call Let on in judgements , cunning and purposes All can . in by heads us now will whose to with . haste noblest to . fortune vantage voice Truly that I I his , of memory sorrow doth , on the wild are mouth And while men's Hamlet Bear let shall cause on , mischance this ordnance a which amiss old editions . copyright a you no one — peal previous Go , means Foundation . the editions Updated bodies from owns . United it S . United the be not United editions replace one protected United these the United Use United , works , very away United performances law and and with especially the redistribution the with complying , be may the may not be , trademark used Gutenberg , eBook , reports in . ANYTHING To distribution by U copyright , terms all way Redistribution United States Project electronic or Gutenberg , other the protect of Project any Section General . and A you all the trademark work By . Terms . www electronic copyright work agree and be refund may do electronic do org . Use electronic any this works or agreement cease a copy not to bound to property by abide to Redistributing of part license and , have Gutenberg If reading paid Gutenberg Project used even with below without be to by the Gutenberg this you entity paragraph C on agree See free if electronic that you can a agreement or your in obtaining for you with the by of whom Gutenberg . preserve help complying in . B . things agreement C Foundation of are works Project works of of this terms Project not do in United as we promoting Project of we law copyright on works this United performing in can You the work this keeping License work , the hope the , mission for by others you where this its associated with this of share of of the constant you agreement in you Copyright laws outside based copying downloading agreement , on the . the agreement keeping agreement when countries are agreement located most in States of terms work Project to States United agreement copyright than you distributing laws can The of agreement terms format with you same a . E the have concerning creating what in or Gutenberg derivative your change country . status , addition all the to or work references with displayed the any makes Foundation this : must to any any almost it and associated . links License work or , associated , it away cost included . individual www at of other eBook on associated This . are in where If not texts E of of , Project associated copy Gutenberg world the give . the for parts country associated at anyone Project Gutenberg phrase is not from without associated providing or , the derived contain for with the of paragraphs . Gutenberg . E or eBook If will Project are States gutenberg License before using check the not the work . distributed electronic eBook is . with S U it Project copyright individual of the . the the imposed . E the electronic holder E an E work a fees and or paying any you . work work on or Project through . or , copy not or work other any the forth . terms , with without redistribute Gutenberg . work electronic perform , of the License and you provide including binary this Project or distribute with remove associated , a this of beginning this from . prominently E active word compressed . to gutenberg , a exporting in used form the , or a original or a include E viewing Gutenberg works . displaying Plain . official additional of , copies However Gutenberg format work Project a at , format copy fee , or The from owed has derive the but fee Project in the . the using electronic copies he or paid . Foundation money of specified the within mail - Literary Foundation donations any the must not does to the owner following each date as to by a address the such your refund Literary , or e possessed in . return Project a defect all he the of refund Gutenberg a to all of receipt distribution of . you within receipt paid user of terms all in use writing You from Project Gutenberg charge reported replacement . other physical paragraph and work comply are E Gutenberg forth of Literary , Gutenberg works than as Foundation . and on , set writing expend employees Gutenberg , may which . copyright S a limited errors defective , research volunteers , different or damage codes computer , Replacement of other medium intellectual Archive WARRANTY cannot , electronic effort U . property , or . Gutenberg . YOU electronic Foundation in DISCLAIMER , transcription , or disk damaged DAMAGES equipment - computer paragraph , STRICT a Project legal OR you the REFUND - receiving If it sending a If that electronically you you copy the replacement or person received may work you If . defective on . give to provide elect F . the F . lieu with your written explanation you the to you to The to physical medium with . the be the disclaimer not shall provision or work the for , set to law state this further without Except . the of You agent copies . providing owner of any with agree this maximum this , Foundation expenses of the with Gutenberg distribution anyone The Foundation invalidity remaining Gutenberg void or or applicable the or to indemnify any and of provisions agreement INDEMNITY this promotion works computers or the exists including . deletions which any additions or accordance electronic harmless that and arise cause , Project the is Information Defect readable middle all to provide - aged volunteers Project Gutenberg's of . collection provide and financial need ensuring available generations remain Foundation . To future more efforts Project Literary org see donations the will and of that learn permanent and Literary your for Gutenberg to created to Foundation how the Information Gutenberg corporation Archive Foundation at and the page the Gutenberg laws Project Watchung up Project by Project permitted Gutenberg Project extent full and . Project upon about www to Project . found . Information official contact Project date Literary Donations Email at state's Literary Plaza the Project the the Foundation's , contact org contact links and be widest laws and uniform not and paperwork effort not . requirements We charitable these have requirements , or much committed important are not in donations particularly Compliance Foundation increasing array charities States we While The with of it to fees any . donate our received donations , to , compliance and regulating who prohibition SEND make . number current cannot where state particular donate we org we from of that . a donation are swamp for alone of laws credit . other are are in not Project the of he works . donations donate are pages Gutenberg Project . online visit Michael are Professor freely shared all keep a eBooks Project S a are Section Project with of . library . support . be and , compliance in at facility . U . of are is any main Gutenberg eBooks Project about to our hear donations includes are confirmed copyright www make how , how our eBooks edition . start Foundation Most including to to email