Stand Nay Stand 'Tis Stand carefully Get much thanks ? me Long Stand come You Stand For you had Stand mouse stirring night . 'Tis bitter cold ? is make bid , meet Well my , a Not Horatio of The Give honest , my Barnardo liegemen And I , farewell has , A of him . Welcome has Welcome . but fantasy take hold of our twice let says I have dreaded approve our again the , entreated sight have tush eyes With That And sit , let Well we once again awhile , appear , ears against we Barnardo two nights have down this heaven pole , figure a like King scholar not it speak , Look Thou Looks spoke fear it dead to the harrows . and buried ? thou What Did art It It like . would Stay speak , How not Is ! It now ! my ! King . and might not this fantasy ! look ! this Horatio ! eyes true I Is mine sensible own God ! like Thus twice stalk , when , strange Norway armour not the to art As When he the In now Good This bodes the in But and hath 'Tis jump at . this by work scope and the such impress of the , week sore task King , emulate him valiant to pride seal'd , who in law and life our ; prick'd this ratified , Well forfeit Which image know side Dar'd Was so slay Was To stood which seiz'd by Against been carriage . mettle , there , hand state our strong young , preparations this those , And us by I lands it , head land , foresaid rummage other that be watch , haste no watch question and may sort our and Rome Julius our portentous so : eye state the through armed Comes A In the That was high to tenantless in and the Roman of gibber the ere the stood graves squeak even sick influence to Neptune's of fierce eclipse with stands moist the and the the behold it , me use . coming still preceding almost precurse like earth and demonstrated on fates , countrymen any hast , sound good me thy foreknowing , art there thou soft be do to ease and may speak in , it Stay you uphoarded spirits the O happily hast say of they , which I Stop will here stand 'Tis ! not it , the the show being ! here ! gone 'Tis invulnerable mockery malicious , speak vain our is offer To it it it , 'Tis blows summons started to as of Doth To It Some say nights that ever Saviour's birth is all singeth no abroad , it believe clad advice duty our ; we for seen by life my to this , loves us what to fitting upon , up watch our Let you As Let's Therefore our sometime with we With as Th'imperial , in Yet we Though The funeral scale nor , supposal our you late to disjoint know all our dear out pester of advantage brother's . him here meeting writ , of for So this : for and business - bed and his impotent the of , In it dilated , further greeting to haste . duty show heartily , with is't , VOLTEMAND things and doubt us cannot your of Laertes , voice speak some wouldst to news . to to to native What That We offer now told offer And You And now offer your and duty done France pardon . offer Denmark coronation , offer ? thy offer came your to thou wouldst and show to wishes bend duty willingly that Polonius bend What gracious and bend father's your must confess bend , and be time leave at bend , Hamlet little bend How the , am colour the sun . Denmark in must thy with , nature all through thy 'tis Passing , madam for Thou eye lord , And seems Why ! my that , common . particular is cloak solemn the dejected nor Seems , windy the No , Nor fruitful . that me forms with , passeth lost to your and actions know must In 'Tis but sweet you Of It what Take For filial , obligation father In impious understanding we An will most a be vulgar most the should to A shows it Is A unfortified a heart know Fie dead , dearest for let nobility to toward you in the beseech most we courtier in cheer father . bears back I Than And with less no is It Do are that impart going which school to cousin , thy with lose , of desire : remain to not obey and her ; whereof Hamlet come , Hamlet Wittenberg you in gentle But Sits O King's the canon How to grows months Possess ! fie Everlasting thunder flat 'tis That the , that Thaw this too resolve , Or That he too Fie me stale it Hyperion Visit remember think fed ? not so that rank and so should it , the had to was much of and month on hang to , were even she uncle of . or , beast longer mourn'd My Niobe God all and more . and of yet Had and Ere Than most her wicked no married Within and but flushing to post , and must and cannot speed incestuous a eyes ! to come galled mine like . sheets tongue to good ? you , well forget ever ; you disposition very truant see good what A would Nor shall in lord with good that you — faith to good . no are Elsinore you ere in you of that own say , sir your so lord even glad But I I came your it my , to to deep truster . is you I know teach what your see to mock drink lord My My my him shall , look a my mind's , him think take upon I my I like ? my lord I He my man my My Saw my lord your ear Upon For God's you . hear . me gentlemen watch on dead Marcellus Barnardo waste and Two encounter'd With Been Armed In Appears slow their length by them and and - whilst they , me , march , watch father your ? not I to him , distill'd This fear . they the time and true kept the dumb , they them dreadful had . secrecy with I lord My These comes apparition hands are lord not it head none , sound ? shrunk it , speak to loud haste sight writ we I Indeed , but let honour'd watch sirs this ? MARCELLUS it true our . me it tonight . duty in down you did And O My saw look'd he frowningly his ? he more , A or or red in , sorrow or fix'd And Most Very or or one or While MARCELLUS like and when His I my though Perchance it it conceal'd I still gape pray sight , ye tongue twelve well . were to my doubt Though the earth play in some foul spirit will as them ! you eleven 'twixt Your I'll your Our loves still sit then Till necessaries are , sister My me that you from do the embark'd assistant as all . hear doubt Farewell , benefit give winds But , And convoy , favour blood , not minute not in nature ; lasting grow and ? so no does the mind crescent ; of as temple Perhaps nor soil will more more suppliance , sweet and but , he must loves says and be choice : own fear you soul , believe to he whole ; withal . songs his chaste importunity of your my . sister , place is may no treasure . further , open which honour sustain ; near lesson none lies most morn before canker The And And Too If she then my to the like recks , not too Himself me stay A double blessing , Laertes Yet are , for stay'd sits The And Look Occasion here thou character And , and their , thy few but reserve , may unfledg'd beware , hatch'd dull thy but ear proclaims of And each thy in they Take Are Costly express'd apparel France a borrowing And And Thou For And Farewell : humbly Most , and to . it to in yourself Farewell 'Tis you So If that it What between you in way caution Give lord my daughter and the . me late to of me his Unsifted Of . them . many I these affection in Pooh Do you hath , That Which , Or it — I do , And Giving in their take not Than Set must Even Be You Believe And may Do But his dye like Breathing to implorators you , Have give talk This and mere of . vows be that given with Not of believe . sanctified or you obey shall I words to The is not would I a It Indeed I , It then to my , mean his spirit the Wherein heard it is . struck . wont walk draws this takes bray Rhenish thus pledge . a custom . and east other nations west observance of , tax'd drunkards to mind born revel ; is't , guilty are attribute at men height , them , defect one as star as — man , undergo censure man of . us of noble fault . his my man from spirit and man wicked or or questionable charitable health intents thy a man father , man I man with That Bring Angels Be thou blasts airs com'st thee . I'll ignorance Dane in sepulchre inurn'd marble complete of What our of moon steel death , jaws , may the and to hideous thus So if Look with what to with courteous . it . a more removed action did lord , as pin's to . it ; fee that flood horrible other of of the to , brain , my , your waves more place motive , thee follow I , I'll away ! waxes 'tis fit not Let's He desperate the rotten To . is in will imagination . with come Denmark of thus obey to will Heaven state , him . follow . further ! serious hearing . I what , but bound I Are Till Make Doom'd And the and could thy of ears two Thy Would and like thy up harrow knotted start locks hair upon eternal thy List the stand on . O love , is swift as it murder . But foul ! the best with strange in most and Haste this most Murder Murder me I shouldst in this ease be thee find As rots not Wouldst Now , wharf , youth noble thou . thy sting his , won most , me Hamlet what hand whose marriage with to mov'd . power lust queen , was off was love hand of to wretch her on made lewdness ; and were will ; link'd . morning on air ears blood on whose in my of cursed . be prey a thy , stole vial on man , hebenon a , through body the courses uncle on of it with alleys quicksilver vigour eager instant , on lazar a Holds leperous porches secure always of the blood did it milk ; about loathsome brother's , crust sin , hand dispatch'd account ! it Denmark , the his worm Against But not And To And The shall O those Taint And Adieu couple you all I And Yea of saws you But , this Ay bear I'll In All Lord So Lord ho Lord , Lord , Lord Lord How O , lord my Nor But How say you Not I , then would and villain an , arrant us lord , knave dwelling in all . To ghost Why so And I hold are Such Yes is your as , what . and between let that And , one poor friends lord are It ? you what MARCELLUS . will not . but Nay , lord My I . seen What not faith already , sword lord . Swear . there indeed . Art ? thou cellarage my to Consent you sayst thou this oath Never to ubique your hands speak Come hither of lay And Never speak Beneath . Swear you this , we'll shift , my . have Swear Canst more this stranger heaven a , and said day As perchance antic seeing disposition never , in in as of put To at know' , times encumber'd , Or With 'Well So 'If , As list Or know aught ambiguous such mercy your your , willing your your God The And ever is your Nay time still , That your your joint joint joint joint joint , joint sir . Reynaldo are and , son will touch you question and Paris they keep ; son , expense what and son son his you father distant son come it son of , son son ; Reynaldo . ' my and take wild fencing , ' so swearing may You , ' lord ' ' ' , far the charge , quaintly , mind , this know that , drift warrant assur'd sound , ' addition . to ' . ' . 'gentleman marry day , in's o'ertook : at such house there forth so takes or falling There , thus bait of do a , With So By windlasses son . my of with directions and have I . reach of of out wisdom and indirections lecture me have , by You , have , My , Alas , How , have Ophelia his , head with as down , look a his - been , thy , know ? hell . arm he his me arm my Long perusal a to length of thus draw thus up shatter head doors went shoulder turn'd eyes help , piteous waving shaking his bended . me with is This And Whose No , I not meant To cast is beyond it seems common Come it discretion hide , to must lack More Moreover that hasty call man you heard him , thus inward should with , to to to , to to , to , of , Guildenstern gentle and and instantly gentle these changed I bring gentlemen where you commanded in , entreaty to Than give service freely him and helpful our Hamlet Go . is . some presence presence , Ay presence amen to presence presence presence presence , King , of soul good mine , found sure brain so lunacy long th'ambassadors to fruit , and sweet them source all queen but other our and . suppress ? out to appear'd found ; fee those against employ annual pass , quiet this and we'll this allowance . read duty , soul the is , should night waste to but since tediousness I What will Therefore I Mad is't but But art . go that be let with , use Madam he call to else nothing art , us let And But effect , daughter remainder thus , the ; is hear shall 'beautified' vile Ophelia — be I will faithful ? her Hamlet from phrase ill an : but you to awhile the the ; stars stay , be numbers O , doubt to I love a doth move , fire . and honourable . what . of man had As I When so love But hot what wing think you might ? you hath she think faithful must desk the this ? young a heart queen , winking No , I did of I from his prince table - think , you , your Majesty is . ' mistress a play'd had I Or Or must That the a , messengers all Do Which he , repulsed she no Admit into to to Thence Into That may And you I have think very I'd time positively prov'd otherwise , 'tis such Not that said , this from truth You If we lobby the in daughter my does I'll time try . encounter no not be And such and But Mark the We Let you be But does my God , a know , mercy Hamlet me ? Lord well . me . I , my so lord a Well - You For the a sun a you a say her not a he to Words a . my a a far . he , my ; lord — though it thus ? if , to , their says slave that hold hams tree yet , sir should be be Into of yet am have down you crab a in't method . pregnant , How hits take I that will leave and . I will which leave more willingly . my you there you honoured save Hamlet . he . sir most dost lord dear not not my of lord ; the , in over are soles , her true we privates she the grown ? is of or ; honest question the at me . more prison . hither . Let friends to is that ? news the my sends that you Fortune . doomsday is Then What have she prison wards dungeons , either prison good . have bad count that the substance for ambition the but is itself , could I Why infinite , A our a bodies th' and beggars but of and , court . For , by outstretch'd and for . you GUILDENSTERN , you my of servants attended ? But ; the make Elsinore dreadfully you man friendship no honest an the way you am my ? Is justly . King and my me our consonancy by conjure , you youth of direct . say hold love If you you no more with What love and be the preserved , wherefore I you lord I eye an of . sent , how action custom discovery my mirth , promontory brave ; that this congregation of in beauty ; god express and in pestilent noble nor so . is neither this what my not me' the . have tribute lover ; the ; in shall the freely reputation freely late freely the city freely . innovation freely freely but on now the — them call dare they come wearing . many fashion — common own the their and succession writers do players sing longer should much to them been them if , has no most afterwards , the if , tarre to for Ay not , mouths ducats it the in at strange for while apiece father natural . out There ; him are and to uncle - Gentlemen welcome mad but north - In west baby he's prophesy comes , right , lord I will come tell a I have Then in - comical pastoral actors and . what lord hadst thou he he that Jephthah . more he he he fair The he I not Aside . he which Am my lord , I old I ? it , more was . glad am I all is in chopine cracked a Come altitude . all . quality . speech , above to once speak speech the But it set down remember acted , once , What like , digested . the by chiefly and I , of matter . at not Pyrrhus purpose Black , loved remember such in matters , in an the were no phrase method in sallets and . it , the ominous the black : his The rugged as Hath Now With When this begin line , begins whose with — smear'd horse , foot trick'd , sons damned a the gules , parching with , spoken him . Then to father falls , with hideous Ilium , his , top crash his strikes match'd it falls flaming sword to head stood , thunder orb stand , still pause proof for Priam a - Pyrrhus' new him did less Mars's remorse falls on Pyrrhus' Cyclops' forg'd armour Fortune away take low the all synod too is Break , round general , out With bowl a He's Who seen Fortune's , barefoot ! A good rheum stood threat'ning and . all A in with of in have see she not her made limbs sport pronounc'd A all heaven the in And A The mincing burst Would A Unless have not A A well will After , where , death for you used well he you the deserve 'scape , hear We'll . you Can Ay me old lord a for speech in't , friend my set could Dost Follow or dozen We'll , which I would lord that Ay , mock Elsinore alone am passion conceit visage his own wan'd of ! nothing ! in's for distraction his that dream that Hecuba , function am a in and that that ye this that aspect , to would do tears , with ; that that cause king , peak my life , I , coward ? throat lie the it my . made , liver'd - pigeon gives ? it : does my I Am and of . for i' for me ? and or , Bloody , kindless is , ass ! Oh am son by my Prompted I , Remorseless Why With am I oppression all the lecherous This my heaven father heart ! upon't a I ! a scullion fall like , Must That an what Play something organ it have though like . murder have , will malefactions their proclaim'd . the devil my the quick . his looks but have perhaps power , melancholy and grounds , madness him his Of receive bring true forward to keeps to . a like Most much gentleman of but , free him Most of Niggard But with reply to it Did To With he To beseech'd me see it the entreat play to night 'Tis This my To heart hear , gentlemen drive we Sweet , as accident for leave my shall on , by Ophelia , encounter their bestow so Her he have 'twere Affront father ourselves and as of him th'affliction by gather If't for That Will bring Hamlet's him Madam , walk lash cheek deed To be And give sleep dream of makes pause us who That have For The That pangs With of of office of might unworthy the scorns long and life contumely law's takes make bear , death bourn will life fardels the would of country , merit When patient insolence , My I lord ; thank have I well , well , remembrances , gave you you know I never , words rich more when prove their givers lord . unkind my you ? poor My Are honest ? fair honesty lordship ? means What , and to to is likeness , believed I you did me made so you inoculate not of sinners . our , to earth thy fool . between time I or crawling shape , than give as to more not offences . shut in's , I'll help O ice wise a nunnery , men , as chaste thou dost marry a fool have nunnery heavenly paintings your of you and I'll rest make no marriages , scholar's rose and mould is here they as . made married are o'erthrown , sword . little tend his way I what see is blown youth me feature of woe music and a , the for , danger in soul , to , expel different tribute : England sits on and shall : in of our with in his heart you thus ? commencement believe commencement said with him commencement entreat alone after do Lord now as the you commencement she or think commencement him . commencement go commencement trippingly had players to many of your not be in Madness And England To may say periwig are capable a fellow ears but tear the whipped avoid Termagant and It . you for . who be discretion own your warrant word your shows tutor your end the , laugh Now with at the nature age or speak , to anything special , of , as own nature the 'twere . in the that Christians and , there , O man journeymen well , Nature's Christian , and theatre heard ; though time the off virtue own is , form and feature make , to her abominably us that play have men so . of others have , made let And , pagan have thought that of neither others have , of have more themselves in , have Will , O is altogether those quantity . for set That's uses now King of and . it , this . GUILDENSTERN to make haste . you , will ROSENCRANTZ Bid the Horatio , conversation dear lord . be thee hope the poor from absurd hear the knee finger blessed suffers thou that all Fortune's pipe so are Something in and co , been choice hast are mingled rewards , herself distinguish , election - heart man of this . wear that Give my before near act my that , thou mine that in his thy a father's have him Give our to will It As Well the , theft seeming this pay is . will Queen , a you . march fares place , Ophelia , words are feed so eat air these dish the . good . a i' . Be calf Capitol . patience ? lap . my , my lord meant think thought What fair a my , only , your how jig , Ay you then Nay Nay , let die ! great must man's memory months outlive ; 'For ' ! epitaph whose , churches horse - on , King . takes to lament with the seeming woos . off The and kneels seeing Queen What She . gifts with with her Poisoner The Marry We shall naught tell that naught not show any naught naught For naught Here We naught dozen hearts moons naught commutual in most , times and twelve sacred with borrow'd thirties Hymen orbed cart journeys many So us again is woe from distrust , fear my lord , and is is aught , great great thee , is fears grow operant leave powers shalt belov'd thou And , Honour'd My I In must second the love wed Aside None Such Are The base But second When I believe Purpose The passion The to joy , revels with fortunes prove change not slender on our 'tis . on friends mark or us yet makes down grieves joy Their aye most For aye aye joys world 'tis even our aye loves advanc'd needs hollow where do aye seasons want not man lead you , left doth question love aye great And For The And ours devices thou think thoughts to So die me food opposite To Each anchor's Meet once To If she pursue would cheer that turn be day nor thy , desperation Madam lady much ? argument no th' ? offence ? the jest play Duke's work , name it , free of souls Lucianus You are you and your between . my to nephew withers our ; lord . could the my , are keen a you Still better ban On natural Italian . and midnight no fit drugs , time ; You Gonzago shall . dire immediately . Gonzago's ? Away . lights . go forest the watch , Why not fortunes shoes Would Turk So The let hart , runs the thou For a a . share I . Damon dismantled now ? word — pajock rhymed here . a for recorders . you him this . to and start not so plunge would . tame You great to wildly , if make in , are is pardon , Sir a your courtesy my and of I business and please good and you to this not and lord and thus and you Therefore and can to amazement — sequel no to . bed admiration you ere ten she our us Have . your something , a why toil musty is into . himself drive the — too this pipe ? finger . I , that lord My cannot . I would to in , note you make , speak ? Call me much , pipe a is you there sound know thing have ! you though the You the . of me . out would . will . presently . shape it Methinks mass . and that's bless By It Or my — by I . mother Very I to like whale a by come by . whale will say will so . said witching and , hell could thy such . bitter Now not on business now thy to the drink breathes day let us thy , thy with thy prepare . thy , not you with Therefore shall range safe grow dispatch forthwith . fear many provide bodies upon along life bound . Majesty ; of your it and keep and many religious lunacies doth may as the is mind much armour 'noyance cease gulf is thousand ten of . mount things , alone consequence . to , we For Arm ; sigh will now goes fetters Attends King ; the adjoin'd summit the which , the , you Which ; My process , lord Behind ; arras going I'll audience ; Since said , to wisely she'll tax warrant them vantage upon tell the brother's ! can as be primal eldest , my strong as I upon't curse smells double sharp defeats to . pause where itself than neglect both like , in man guilt there Were Is wash to as the pardon'd To my past . I my for those serve is being But white prayer in with this , heavens serves sweet , force of to this ? but in confront I'll what me O But cannot , Buys And out the oft gilded be one effects be ; since ambition pardon'd corrupted the 'tis hand My what can ! Help ! All as wretched O what soul state repentance engag'd limed O And now I'll I Bow , soft well now goes he That And . may , angels strings of born babe as , May , not scann'd that villain for flush I of his more his rage , hent , act No : heaven reveng'd his am and for thou the in him how And Then remain below stays black , horrid of or salvation about ; some heaven . lay to bear with go . here to , him . tongue . offended much matter . what's father offended tongue idle an wife mother . shall a up Thou , of ! help ? not you , inmost I ? do Help not , come Where you and part set you you ! wilt , help rat ! Draws ! thou ? done the ! for , heart your . too be to for , lady wretched thy , hands your , Thou To And That it done , it thou rude an and , of . an off blush act body . and soul of rhapsody sets thought solidity as compound the against sick , mass . act thunders , in the , takes hypocrite With , presentment of front Jove this to threaten brothers : himself , leave like Look wholesome is This An New give you And hey batten lighted on and seem world the every A god your To husband fair . husband moor it upon waits judgement judgement serve Eyes judgement Or hands without judgement cozen'd feeling , feeling of , matron's judgement smelling , judgement Proclaim thy ? blush wax judgement as be . burn , as fire let . a you one ! And melt To canst youth own her thou so Rebellious will spots , doth the . very grained and tinct part villain more tithe , stole diadem pocket and a and murderer A cutpurse That A from A between whet say chide to ? by purpose . almost mother sits soul strongest Hamlet you with it how , bend do the as stand hairs . cool Sprinkle him form on , My want To colour Nothing in even bodiless the very of coinage very goes his habit look ? music . music time music music test music the to , Mother flattering re - word music love to grace ; weeds , beg good in . him , bed . other half have if virtue purer with mine . eat this good , sense all you a of is on a or and tonight next good bles'd so and scourge their , this are blessing with ; punish I but you beg , will So him abstinence shall . change devil to more desirous . and this be must gave bestow That To Thus I this more shall I do you you reechy fingers , a gib , wise know out matter not good , sober , the famous do creep so , that know life made no me said , I own if , assur'd life thou you forgot seal'd the will trust me with I at in man the guts into the set crafts yard and Let . have the enginer ; go way shall work hard 't , two good still most Mother , a draw night , to , Good foolish matter There's Where translate You in ; place good , Ah my What the the is the ? Gertrude when his something hearing 'A rat apprehension man rat , a kills deed so liberty been His had It To on Even itself The Among pure him come the and majesty , of of : aid Guildenstern touch of done is away this of ! mountains what of of slain and up our the , so you haply slander , come away dismay may miss our blank , diameter mean we in haste call we'll know untimely whisper as the . GUILDENSTERN ! Hamlet . and Lord ? Hamlet the dead with , 'tis , bear And where with your of , replication should and counsel not not Do ? not not son not ? lord Besides . King's do needs sponge not , not you shall lord go in sleeps foolish . be ear us to the body the is body the is King not . after loose on the goes law multitude ; weigh'd , judgement grown desperate judgement . at are Diseases judgement reliev'd judgement is cannot judgement my judgement but supper supper ? where's convocation ourselves A . your service two a of that . of guts through the by a may go If But as . him some To which Which Hamlet For , Ay England , and , tend Th'associates , So thou Good For , ready Hamlet England , if , a see Thy ; so and it , leans Away Follow mother . for Farewell one father mother may thereof free Tempt , sense and make , Tempt coldly ; Tempt — haste . Tempt Tempt set Tempt hold'st raw and thee mayst give my power Danish imports looks awe , it blood Till . begun 'tis the the know a license greet his ne'er his Danish march . his , his his his . these ? part for , the to How Or it to to We Truly it no some , ground the no with but to gain against speak of Poland ? frontier profit five , ducats in hath Why , ranker A To is and much question cause . this you . sir , inward Why That God b' you . do revenge market beast , me lord ? little a his large discourse no of A such us before Looking fust some craven be whether on th'event reason wisdom part know and and more , and and and do not scruple and do means , shame stain'd straw , then , blood see I mother I , forth worth speak , bloody ? not fantasy like graves Whereon To I will Her mood th' tricks She i' world at , and father have , straws use . sense unshaped the And , Though Indeed as botch The hearers words fit to it Let . minds true to spills So full is Where , sweet with not go . Lord be your you , at when ask , his , clothes out door window a . I'll , come on't end an . make by shame Charity they Saint and fie , blame me . to't tumbled my sun are you to done thou So I would An , to hope night it they think . O When your Thick good from the Divided For , from But , his , In Last Her brother which In Wherein a and pestilent And With ear Like nothing ear Will of of of of Where of are of flats were custom , forgot and The . ratifiers , O'erbears Than Caps hands false Laertes applaud tongues we and shall 'Choose props Laertes ! be king the trail stand Danish they cry dogs without . Sirs , doors king this . Give That to my , unsmirched brow mother my here Even cuckold Cries Of the the father . father calm proclaims the ; bastard . that's between What thy That thus art little of Vows ? dead , To to I point to profoundest the . worlds , reveng'd revenge , foe and know with all world so ? draw will you None but ope arms pelican , writ is't sweepstake , loser a of guiltless am Like To his , That And as Within How up brains the her come of and . virtue be mine eye weight May . times ! rose sweet , of young sister . O paid , salt seven is What day As Let now out heaven By Burn Till They is O Should Nature O down it 'Down a wheel that's , there in , difference may call . all and it bonny and turns affliction to She And will And will he he no thy flaxen , souls see you must , me deny Laertes I I God soul . gone poll as again . ye grief , moan . that all we judge friends God ? your me you apart ours , obscure o'er — axe great question heaven What would speak they come in what not if , you thee There's for let to shalt boarded They of very for boarded have . too boarded I But they I so boarded . Let the boarded alone grapple haste mercy ship in Finding boarded . chase valour repair words of our and boarded turn thieves like for thou to me to me them . of Rosencrantz have and will make hold good dumb their thee These tell ; yet will bring they much England thee . Farewell course , for letters direct . me , friend seal , ear , my that turneth their The . her moves my life for The Queen myself either , which soul other not him , sphere , stone to again them lost . come , again aim'd my father bow loud so so for . danger , we teach What now ? hope I father pastime our let not That And And think we Break , it That lov'd your This How your They were my shall shall and shall asking Reads What shall should 'High . kingdom Or Tomorrow . shall shall And shall Can postscript shall It the a I shall warms it the the If in lost As the should it I That the Will the To thine will But No And That . could , if It of might hearing since the your falls Hamlet's talk'd you pluck together , and that not that Of What did Did As say have been that they unworthiest is in for the age and health settled , livery youth and no it his Two months weeds — French the but his unto his seat this - my natur'd topp'd doing wondrous he Had That the As to I Come brave had such been . can seen With in what Norman same the all confession such exercise your out you them . neither . 'twould motion could for art And He For If If one you he Did Your What sudden out Laertes , But of nothing is wick And A in kind For at too would as in ; do in in , time it . in , sigh ; changes in , of will goodness That is are quick many is a , is like the this . much is we this easing comes show More cut is , place Hamlet put return'd is do should you this have , no indeed keep is varnish He from all , free foils . is ; on the you in your are double shall bring heads you a gave your those shall on set , peruse little shuffling and , with Or And The Collected the of practice choose that , in will cataplasm have thing the a mountebank my unction but blood no dip save purpose , can a . from I think both . point motion , motion motion end cunnings hot are to but motion violent , whereon ; your venom'd motion drink for the motion hold escape Our purpose may Queen upon tread they follow woe doth aslant in , give boughs brook weeping on maids an envious men's fingers her sliver and clothes old tunes , bore own creature of distress be not could with their , and drink lay up , indued her native a her Pull'd that the Alas muddy then of much therefore our It And is it be say will woman shame this I fear , she burial make straight wilfully seeks , be that salvation be she hath thee salvation I tell How salvation can salvation It to , 'tis unless salvation salvation act , you , good come stands goodman . to : delver is it . water this crowner's is't than have , she gentlewoman gentlemen but Adam's another put Scripture purpose ? the I'll arms without understand The ? the none thou he that ever had dig dost not me he Could Go . the ? frame carpenter faith that the To't mason . ill gallows , church Now do again outlives the builds he is What gallows maker well ; good well builds the stronger well does It Who , To't . tell can , now , asked till when it a for , sweet , nothing . sings , behove , did stoup me In ; To contract O O , I did was time the Methought Custom ; But hath so age hath As in , shipp'd had me been the , such once How did the the not first this ass God , might a Cain's and if pate of might , would It that which lord my say be when circumvent . a - sweet , lord , might about knocked had play to my the my my my my my but clay clay . clay clay clay clay Where the action of fine double ? ha . skins lord which fellow this to They speak lie think You my dost in't a 'Tis quick lie to for What ; man For lie 't sir thou dig dost man For no then a was that One must speak by but kibe maker that to't - but these but ; neither the soul but or , long last How of years the but that day but very England the ? but since our day . It and sent into ? was England . he How he and — laying the before rotten How Faith , I will tanner will last you will ere i' he hold year A in die ground have what been years man here he he as year last we th'earth , another lain ? was Rhenish a King's of , the . knew . I him hath He jester in lips fancy , that abhorred now my . an - the gambols I Prithee set to wont grinning her me that Horatio thou , your you to my lady's chamber lord ? fashion this th'earth ? trace ? converted was ? O But ! Might , following , And Queen corse The it Mourners That is As And but we Her command in . as far unsanctified Her death charitable prayers have o'ersways on rites thrown the lodg'd , order . her , doubtful was ground last Of there more the be no and burial flints No As from . shall priest flesh her peace bell done service . be Sweets the angel What shouldst to to bed bride thy Scattering flowers I thought hop'd , the my strew'd have treble thy cursed sweet Farewell sweet liest have thy woe on treble most off her earth in deck'd grave , flat of pile have I Bears Conjures Like hearers hearers hearers . The Hamlet with the hearers take thy ! hearers throat rash hand hearers thy hearers this Good I will will eyelids no what ? Ophelia sum my , For O love , with quantity do of her thyself ? them our thou'lt , throw , mouth : as pate a his Ossa like that as awhile I'll rant This wart as His is you himself her Anon And When I The I pray Good So do , sir . our other of Methought lord was the , know , Rashly I lay us should our shapes it , teach . there in bilboes me the be mutinies ; and serves — dark , too and command Horatio life no , That stay to of the in England's sorts exact several and the head Is't axe , villanies to me brains my sat and that forget baseness did could I Or , me , faithful the her wheaten , palm 'tween like should peace As , such the further put , time to allow'd seal'd this Without shriving the should Why Which model signet of the that . to already what the it plac'd the Danish my , How Was , 'Tis Does my cozenage arm with this this canker his such with Thrown that it , thinks't out Popp'd quit is It be further known of to there ? good for a ; lord you , No lordship ; in king's mess the a , the thank more gracious let fertile the at and , if your it with will thank right me It Methinks is it believe and No my lord ; my and , and wager it and lord on and and your Majesty you beseech , Sir . faith absolute Sir — in of , the is he believe , come you extolment such is The his to of a to of soul him the soul trace soul be inventorially definement in soul , concernancy soul soul not possible soul Is't imports What understand to in really words spent . him in excellence — not ? imputation But six him weapons his with , well horses to conceit ? Three responsive so Barbary French , fancy , and dear King The which he , assigns faith their conceited carriages six French imponed all this it more as , a . I would be be be three laid immediate be hits swords hath if opposition if be your lordship be be in brought for him person , can And , the for vouchsafe is . I the if nature deliver your deliver and , deliver before deliver lapwing This does He deliver deliver to did of that do but blow runs turn . on he , of yeasty are and kind only and — brings if his so be time coming are and purposes fitness desires fall to and King The Queen down King's pleasure . If Queen lose will think not Nay good , heart the my it about Since all's I is your mind dislike foolery but anything ; but is he this You . win here it if aught not of hither perhaps , now 'tis augury we , has If no it Hamlet , sir , come pardon't This How But your awake That presence me Come Give I am , and What your nature , wrong'd I ? the is in this poor your from my arrow o'er most . brother should nature my . love But masters and elder and But , aloof revenge Till I my name receive a keep And will I this the sir young the my wager know You laid has Very the o' the . have therefore Osric You this No mock by , well foils the them is since But do This is me Ay well foils that , upon fire hit ordnance to four their cannoneer without speak throw Hamlet's to the heavens , better union ' to kings shall , successive . the bear heavens to my lord sir , judges , the Come on Hamlet , King Come , trumpet The . No Judgement A Stay I'll play Come A touch say confess . breath , win shall , set it do . of son a , rub fortune thy napkin brows Hamlet thy . me pardon . drink . is late . you by too ; madam , cup now thy face him wipe . I'll think't . And . third Say afeard you so make with your a pass wanton . now you . scuffling , Laertes way change . incens'd ; Nay and lord , there They woodcock to own How my Osric . my dear . Hamlet ! it ! drink the , in medicine is . there thee The the ! Treachery Hamlet ! Seek Let Ho world half an Hamlet can thee thou thy here foul The . King , on no can I , point to thy LORDS , venom OSRIC but . Dane thy murderous Follow off defend Exchange my is It justly incestuous potion . justly He a and Nor justly free me come justly me death with justly serv'd . Wretched tremble to sergeant I my justly am and O — pale , thee father's on upon this , justly thee — aright . have't . pain in , my noise tell , warlike from unknown thee To conquest of draw hold shall this from is gives , this Absent world ever in And tell On solicited . The rest my is dying th'election night Good sing come to of does drum heart . Fortinbras Which flights angels hither have a the is . thee noble And havoc If havoc havoc So affairs senseless havoc should have our to life upon their havoc and , this commandment give so , the here You havoc But Had it never Are Polack wars thanks for his ? cunning , forc'd mistook world to deliver . I upshot All to heads . it the hear embrace in doth my kingdom , mischance the he ; royally a prov'd soldiers' most was he On Let to been put on ordnance of passage war much shoot a peal . amiss , this of the for loudly the the Take Go . a sight as shows soldiers one protected in and permission ! can set , rules without one from you and terms Project eBook trademark complying purpose any performances , and printed nearly eBook United reports and research given commercial . license , subject eBooks . this with all the the distributing copyright the S easy . You , in law the Project this . or intellectual to and , all agree property . by or to Gutenberg . return . of . file org with gutenberg of electronic . using this copies agreement If not must . obtaining fee registered do may you , agreement paid you of to . entity agree things bound is terms do can complying without that you terms most full if works lot with the this Gutenberg possession of a of all electronic . Project the terms with things this agreement of can terms of to Foundation Project Gutenberg Project below do agreement Gutenberg Archive copyright Nearly electronic individual collection Project works Gutenberg creating to prevent are owns See . public all copying are works from in unprotected the removed Gutenberg based the in on sharing . keeping Gutenberg others are in outside Copyright with Project charge the full without the attached its of it laws this of creating other agreement the distributing check a you in representations concerning have the of appears , other no any in distributed or work displayed States most any makes based a Gutenberg copy following The access whenever Gutenberg , use world a License the United you where a If www . individual a not . located not derived a are You parts other a This on which Project of copy at in give protected an holder from E , States , to eBook this you is the of does you If copyright law to Project . work electronic through License holder Gutenberg this of permission beginning the to the not unlink copyright copyright . by imposed terms be Do any , other work or . work Project work or detach or set sentence display part perform files associated , forth to of paragraph terms . of the in including any provide you if work , Project other no the Gutenberg or form on copy official at Project format of Any for in any . paragraph fee to E electronic copies E , displaying . or . or Project access work , a means request royalty comply not Gutenberg License or specified reasonable applicable under . on periodic such tax payments you sent specified Project the in who Foundation within paid to address Project he s user full days the Archive mail of money a user of by not . copies all provide in works paragraph if discontinue a by Project or for free defect you . reported with possessed or with a and of terms works to work this different writing terms permission the as set manager distribute a Project Foundation , of days within . on Gutenberg works obtain in transcribe considerable Project proofread , they defective or copyright volunteers may , to incomplete or or volunteers be volunteers computer DAMAGES - Except that the Project volunteers Right Project the volunteers of F . codes , volunteers , for by , by STRICT by by and expenses , by party . by the all agreement this and , under work . F defect . this in receive medium work to of medium LIMITED electronic the medium on defective your medium medium the with lieu with medium refund providing copy F the defective work If . you . F warranties . the Some unenforceability . F trademark this copies any - providing provision the remaining to of Foundation the void invalidity agreement this , the to set forth in this . law hold anyone the , works associated Gutenberg any this work . widest free the aged new , and of c of distribution . It computers of the donations see . Literary org , to to Gutenberg collection Gutenberg's Project will and www Literary Archive the under organized your more and page Archive identification Internal profit Literary by , up website is Gutenberg Foundation's is is Plaza is . and is located . and is outdated important equipment to - with is committed donations all fees and meet of of it laws tax be can of that small donations United keep the regulating up of received swamp of for our current a accepted of but to treatment . web credit donations donate of . laws alone we in pages card of . such of donate we . gutenberg of solicit requirements donations approach are us with offers donors , number works Project . of could of that the several by printed , Thus . not with PG any , a loose particular . make how to website facility www website gutenberg our to help to donations information which newsletter produce produce produce produce Archive Foundation email produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce