there Stand Stand yourself unfold Stand . and the live me Stand Stand King Stand Stand heart 'Tis Francisco bitter . cold , haste ? at guard . stirring had quiet The rivals you Not Friends them my Well do . to who - night Who is there Barnardo my you good , reliev'd you ? Marcellus . again , And sight says 'tis belief seen thing appear'd good him Horatio ? Welcome With Therefore watch tush our He may Tush us let And fortified once are Sit again our against seen nights two have Well And let Barnardo we appear not and apparition , 'twill it story . this all from of , same Where In now course it then off figure speak , break made star . Horatio ? King ; not art the a It the Peace King like like harrows it Looks scholar and buried thee speak thee charge I , speak . answer than ? and true the King eyes Of When 'Tis sledded , this on't like : watch hour , I jump , and this our not work of to subject and most tell eruption , of the land watch our opinion thought gross the sit Why Doth not divide toils strange to , war , of whose labourer the mart daily me , observant some least image on ; side of which by who combat know now so I by this slay a seiz'd our ; as , which ; the the For this Thereto Dar'd to stood with by To hot same return'd ; Fortinbras cov'nant competent had King moiety lands those law and , heraldry all the , design'd the conqueror to , of gaged he to Of Hath been carriage of unimproved up a list and and here lawless our to which is strong foresaid hand state other no , resolutes enterprise , lands , it I the and preparations take , head . so ; dead these other trouble question of of Julius palmy Roman and mightiest state Rome . wars , eye blood and of almost the doomsday and fire gibber and stars precurse preceding earth to Have And And our prologue sick tenantless stood in Neptune's with omen together . demonstrated on fates , the empire the harbingers to like Was the even As and heaven Lo climatures ! behold But , any hast though it soft thou may there art , treasure if they say Stop Shall which I , Marcellus speak walk , death earth partisan my not it of Speak For , strike you spirits oft in stand ! heard have I trumpet shrill - to a sounding warning thing the his or throat , dare The bird , they , then say dawning our are , so , takes So have Walks o'er we Let us Break Unto spirit you , our But nights hallow'd and morn dew have by , acquaint our speak will , upon fitting , find Cornelius , our Let's , green brother's Attendant know morning death , our , sorrow remembrance to this one and sister ourselves think wisest with as 'twere and dropping and dole , queen joy state of and that us it and hearts be Holding In Your Our Or With mirth With Th'imperial , equal ; which have of death , late him late time : this surrender to disjoint late of our worth frame with of law : writ late here lands So late , late late , late , the . power scope your . our duty duty , made are . you farewell ? show allow commend articles dilated these Of , lose head Than And told , doubt We that not The your voice my not more thou lord I willingly to leave and To Your bow And My though must I show the whence now confess bend leave lord petition seal'd give at From wishes and my I He you my laboursome will best , now And beseech I wrung you his But Aside fair do thy Upon Not , Take so thy graces Hamlet , am is more the look common through And A cast , eye for Passing lord my let Good not like a vailed lids dust the thy father with noble in . seems might a within that which have are But the , No These but I they Seems madam Nor all actions and nature to father the , Hamlet ; survivor father , father term sorrow obligation filial In father lost you must condolement is But , course some . most will 'Tis stubbornness do An ; to , your his fault be must unfortified know , to , understanding heart shows It his what As to ? most A , ' woe father a This be . to of his throne world died hath today to take love our We and Fie , to , theme that he who pray most of with From As unprevailing , let of remain your immediate no less toward And which dearest . son . son , Wittenberg , madam , go bend to , whereof of Madam and as gentle in unforc'd in the to that dew . Why , 'tis a . accord shall . O , 'tis grows health again two much of . Everlasting rouse King's away gross ! mother flat resolve and Thaw His 'gainst me seed dead So self all . a increase on't on Why roughly beteem so this world in ! on name were old nature this of — of a month uncle — woman speed her . but , my father's even wicked to such Had ! all tears , my heart , salt like mine body poor must incestuous a father glad , month my to sheets Within well lordship you myself do come good friend tongue . lord good my that make Sir poor , lord Good from even — violence so ; My you , disposition not shall Nor very to see make good say . To make it know affair deep father's . in foe , funeral see Elsinore drink mock to , had see methinks seen ! my that my Horatio bak'd . see funeral marriage , father heaven upon follow'd the dearest day see see Horatio . see ? see a goodly take upon him eye like his him yesternight again was I eye , your eye the eye father father a I He My eye lord King your ear , eye for a eye . I these . deliver watch hear me had encounter'd Marcellus Two and thus the This the an With Armed exactly A and Barnardo together dead Goes By their at Appears Almost jelly them point slow oppress'd like - pie walk'd , distill'd me , father , march he eyes , they - surprised - with fear stately Within deliver'd and by them : not deliver'd third , hands , deliver'd deliver'd It But The deliver'd answer My you speak this not where These deliver'd But even sound morning it deliver'd But not to the , where none , none none 'tis , honour'd it To live none , strange of . it none this ? Hold did none I And Indeed We Arm'd indeed , saw Then my more , look'd Pale What frowningly ? anger up his sorrow ? It Very would very , would Most constantly I . you long longer you it have no ? Not While , It MARCELLUS with His was I I beard walk my it to have tonight though peace hitherto shall in tenable have assume warrant . again you father's will itself you , no So loves the . well . it hell person an as you . farewell will , them honour come rise ; well ! is : to foul : soul loves Your spirit , All to My would then father's Farewell the convoy But Hamlet you , favour ? from do winds his that trifling of benefit . blood and youth sweet nature in not minute ; loves mind not more ? besmirch . and more a of suppliance and the but does No but . soul own ; waxes fear now body he and place circumscrib'd but you , his birth his you will for sanctity himself may He Unto the fits As Than Then with , further believe is you your ear loss voice saying weigh lose And keep If Fear Out it the his he too Or canker The wary Too I then Be As not th'effect Youth the me Show to watchman . double Occasion . your , you . of my thoughts with thy . tongue memory no his for , act means vulgar ; Beware in . voice judgement , entertainment with their being steel , man , select a habit censure thine that entrance each do But new express'd fancy thy rich not thy that husbandry be . gaudy ; man thee . self night lord to any leave ; to , tend servants remember . it well lock'd . you to something Marry time you you he of my yourself ; to not daughter I free as caution understand me your . of you and made up — me it Given And is , tenders like me the truth you yourself most hath very late what you my his do not hath He Affection Do lord ! You such tenders , you a girl green as circumstance ta'en I'll are fashion given countenance the to call honourable of , lord , may it wind tenders these yourself more to . go know . my speech do holy woodcocks prodigal daughter soul heaven I , time , young Ophelia , brokers ; presence a as heat burns tongue in Believe not Not Than And be vows which sanctified . leisure this with any , pious of unholy their and larger that to they show , ways . hour a is I It air bites nipping shrewdly it eager now and . lacks of it an air season the lord upspring and of swaggering takes bray Rhenish , out down trumpet his and - drum reels here native it east other swinish west observance phrase , born breach headed drunkards pith for Since choose wherein vicious some Oft habit too these — that they are them men nature some of down , pales of takes in men one that his in chances it oft So forts mole o'ergrowth their their birth , manners the of star take The man as fault . scandal lord , Look my , of may pure , defect much of stamp Fortune's dram censure undergo , corruption doubt evil ministers spirit grace thou Be Angels a heaven health and Be with Thou thy intents in goblin defend substance comes or a such to , not in . com'st father will Bring canoniz'd , mean this may steel , shape thee ; ignorance his ! quietly , bones up glimpses ponderous dead to reaches hideous horridly we the ? shake our nature death but thee thee we , Revisit'st night , of Say it disposition should Wherefore ? moon the of of ? do Wherefore desire Wherefore did go some It Wherefore waves you not with Look not speak by do Wherefore go more courteous . to To It Wherefore a , removed will lord the be it means fear I at can as I'll . it ; pin's to ? that itself follow my brain . sea the you there Which And do not set what it do . flood follow follow madness other into . lord my not , It And waves hears place puts toys of every into , motive so I'll me shall You Hold Go rul'd off you cries of , thee that lets follow lion's him gentlemen . him come will state of rotten Something is follow , I Nay Heaven . direct will in . follow me . almost will is myself tormenting come . and ghost render to me sulph'rous My Alas poor . lend unfold but I revenge when ? serious thou hear . hear fires in the , father's And Till Are I burnt and the could two thy Thy thy harrow the Would a like and of my days walk to term away secrets soul done to in confin'd crimes flesh O father must to start from to stand fretful List dear list unnatural ; swift the , and in with wings . of weed wharf , fat ; I thoughts love as ! Murder as But Wouldst rots out That And 'Tis not Rankly The With wears prophetic uncle , a Upon wretch virtue shape it falling his , went lust a natural , whose and with . gifts the that of love what me I of Though So a won gifts with most , O wicked wit , his shameful queen , a uncle within . celestial radiant to itself always in morning the me ! Will be of the leperous an enmity distilment afternoon , whose ears my man , quicksilver and like And porches of my in And prey thy blood body posset with - Most Holds most natural , wholesome body and did it doth courses , about into . vile a of was and All , thin a crown even Unhous'led reckoning off So dispatch'd account , mine , sin head ; hand , for ! my , to it pursu'st couch of and damned horrible sent on , A If No O But And pale earth Hold , matin of bed shows of ? you But shall And I 'gins thee bosom to a holds ? else my ? What memory thee thee old . instant , heart ? of table the host , hell all saws I'll all globe , up grow O Ay Yea All In So At 'Adieu , have and lord . MARCELLUS , lord set is and smile it are . to me Now be my word remember . I smiling , villain Meet there may , Within . I am sure ' . Hamlet Lord it . him secure Illo , So Heaven . ho news my ? come lord . it lord Good No reveal , my lord my , Not my I , by , I would then HORATIO an he's a But and MARCELLUS lord think you'll villain , come . all in knave are ; ghost To without more circumstance i' you , And You every hath fit it as — business for is business right so , I , Look and and my pray . lord my I'll man For These Such hold it are I'm by an For It Yes , honest . too offence ghost offence no Yes sorry faith , but , us let my is't make lord me you to know one friends , Give As O'ermaster't as desire may are What lord faith My my will . lord . have . Swear cellarage sword that my . sword . heard my by Swear your hither you to Consent to Never Hic ubique . Swear sword again Beneath our , you hands Then we'll Swear , ground . that . this , wondrous friends ? fast so , Horatio , head some , times antic put at encumber'd pronouncing of or doubtful and might' , shake , we note and perchance never in things There Here are more , strange , Than know and , this Or arms To I hereafter myself , could 'There , you gentlemen So or out — giving Or 'Well , That list Or mercy spirit man and lack I , The God willing still out come , was shall your ever , do And what his fingers is joint a I love Beneath , to you is Hamlet commend me , in , us lips cursed your I Reynaldo set to will Of ; well , Enquire Before You do I marvellous visit lord I it , wisely you his shall My him to said . you Paris where and question it touch ; you distant mark will some his , friends , lord this Reynaldo do . him of more ? usual and heed , none most known so may you and there say very put youth noted , Addicted , Ay in Ay , so far ? slips lord , the this good — do . taints unreclaimed my the ? I would know that . the the ; general That flash outbreak assault the the . working sound th' the crimes , was What sir good Of 'Good sir He closes with or phrase man to According Very and about something say — does , my in about 'closes At : At closes saw was There then or : 'closes : I then saw you : find me and of this a : tennis' there or and rouse , you say ; truth of : reach you , you Good yourself my his wi' Observe you lord in shall name . Farewell what's have the I head his , lord Hamlet upon hat My Lord his , No To Ungart'red With Pale as And if speak As thy thy As And He he thy goes , would with thy Then He took thy thy with find he bended last me . very This go No , my good any the given our afflict did repel ; as will As And That What with the violent Whose is , have does I sorry That quoted it is it To It meant not had I wreck to am And I As , to , common , the him put man be you and Welcome that sending death was it that Hamlet's Resembles , And being cannot since That you so neighbour'd . vouchsafe on to pleasures occasion . may you to in gather our your here . companies , court . glean him . of talk'd his days . to youth thus , please . awhile it there much If gentry fits As the supply shall profit time adheres , Your For your king's us our will will hope are living not and of with have , thanks . majesties power a to As Both entreaty bent us of into . full . Go gentlemen . some instantly . gentle the , at freely be in . Guildenstern is , Th'ambassadors Have return'd joyfully the to I Norway , from Are been my good lord , news good , them bring , fruit of to that to the , us'd or policy this of King : gracious that do cause of speak My news shall grace , of all no is my of of The His head of Give to first and , o'erhasty good sift him ! brother and our . suppress desires Norway . from my , fair His nephew's Most Upon So his as On With him Whereon give th'assay of commission before , arms before please herein shown the Polack pass . feast we'll home . My What majesty liege but is to , should nothing And tediousness , Therefore Meantime business the brief Mad call Why it and , day limbs is Your outward soul night That That we rather this find the out effect and it remains the defective in duty have a me her , Or and idol , and she of use foolish . 'tis 'tis . art now , remains , mine . cause this comes , daughter thus Perpend , faithful , awhile to the truth be are never that , thee most I Doubt I . I have most love liar . him , means . and , it art Adieu reckon not believe ? you tell here table , sight , might , that wing , dumb , tokens of into thence , a to Admit That Fell And to into , done must not given my upon young 'Lord look'd No ' no . prince , be took , repulsed , This he Hath I It Thence And all Do madness have been otherwise . fain I'd it such there truth this may is me , this we Here it four indeed So . to circumstances lead , centre . were I it further together hours the he At beseech you the Away board him , no a his . be But Let not keep But me both wretch . a for assistant me Do Excellent How You my , know a Hamlet ? my , a does good Lord - goes picked one be man . to . my dead ten of , be Then very That's breed sun her the you by daughter if not th' may said I was I again , matter , suffered . words my the . I'll is the mean , Slanders Between him Words youth my — words you , to honesty old yet , is not sir there if have though eyes of lack who ? grey that . lord ? Aside his sometimes method like a air grave be so suddenly contrive means is that , replies sanity My the prosperously of most delivered of my leave leave reason part him willingly of daughter . out o' Indeed lord me humbly I , you and life more my life will take except Polonius To Fare , fools Hamlet seek . the These go friends Rosencrantz My My ! dear honoured lads dost excellent how do , both of . the in , the thou Good children indifferent over are we . favours strumpet grown . or the that not or my particular Then doomsday . is or Fortune , have O , privates most world's or Let at question . or we ; is or more me a the . hands . one a lord th' one think to We none you so nothing dungeons lord o' not so To for it it a , God Why I , merely nutshell very the I , and shadow . a of for ambition the . it too narrow a is 'tis a substance that is the dreams . dream quality a I of a bad shadow were in , A but a airy is hold I are Then itself of ambition is light , and We'll not you ? for But attended my of rest wait you of an the . I like beaten To visit will . Shall bodies to , make most at fay , servants . Elsinore dreadfully friendship my my , you poor but a it nay , speak ; and sent for for modesties have have not is craft . by our me and ? sent ? sent lord ? the better whether sent the , your , conjure say you , You you looks your I But let by my good King Queen what . even and Guildenstern what no or an will To eye off were so , I King no anticipation indeed and ; goodly of wherefore you My we have and Queen goes seems than to lost it me you with me fretted , frame excellent this appears faculties but in , in in of , how like yet me no how And how smiling not you say , the admirable in and a express god to ; work most . form apprehension , the this , firmament What lord , My think the did my shall from you delight when , that He of sigh players me shall Why not the shall in the of they or whose players his shall sere in his them what Lenten way on man you use knight they coming welcome humorous ; plays the are mind . for't make the adventurous shall those Even take travel , was say were you such city the did by it they they of I ? are not Do so eyases in the children aerie , Do think they No endeavour How keeps — maintains afraid rapiers so of their tyrannically common than on do they 'em ? common sing so goose Who ? longer grow much the . and been make they quills no against to them tarre has like afterwards , if children pursue they most , the there their to argument possible for has possible been lord uncle is of possible carry there possible ; at in ducats him hundred possible possible than . The , forty , find . You . with come I tell yours me which than ? is mother , players the like and father my , appear hawk west a handsaw north - what with be north mad see baby you , Guildenstern you , time is of news have a come are The to news came for historical , pastoral ass — individable too the only thou ! a lord light . or history , tragical . well passing — he had Why my , right not that Nay th' old , not follows follows it you . where . thee than is face glad to God ring . your the . know you , comes abridgement old my , friend Denmark is chopine French Come passionate , Pray voice Masters at taste of a fly my valanc'd you like I when a lord it top with — it not , anything , million others as to modesty see . and . me begins : he let Priam's handsome it Dido fine an matter honest , If One the as , much lines in might indite as , your : see in of it me live thereabout speech Pyrrhus arms night horse the sable did whose in in dread , black , a in and tyrannous thus like in proceed carbuncles with , in spoken in in he at arm his to to , well drives whiff Rebellious the Seeming Stoops prisoner to But with Th'unnerved his Pyrrhus' to , to nothing Did But like the the . For and and rage Ilium flaming hideous thunder storm will painted ear . the , some , dreadful the anon Pyrrhus , we heavens often neutral to his stand the and against new Cyclops' for Priam from spokes strumpet on . her , your is . sleeps say . beard Prithee heaven . Hecuba , on good bawdry of with ? 'Mobled Run lank . With About , in th'alarm with venom caught and of , state would , robe , up steep'd sport malicious that his seen had But In mortal Fortune's The Unless instant things made of saw gods themselves Pyrrhus did in o'erteemed and blanket her late A 'Gainst with the in passion his not he milch , not her at of heaven . limbs eyes she then made see treason have she where have Would have My bodikin , well you for they are turn'd , the and a live man honour desert . ill and , according use will merit in every , We'll Come friends him , Follow Use after Use Use ? man 'scape , Use less , lord , they Use should much better them is sirs hear lord need . Use ? The my for a Can down play Use , of and set ? lord . and good My You Guildenstern . lord , my till Follow . Good my you night Ay and welcome , forms broken conceit and his voice his a that , so in slave here am conceit I player own . lord , O Is it not his her working passion ; suiting ? drown for speech horrid would general free with would to ear , wan'd his , all visage function in's whole ? weep should he to For him and motive to his and defeat me beard villain pate my face life dear my made unpregnant amaze and most breaks blows ? gives the deep me : the not rascal . the Yet , I of I in th' a lie me this coward it gall it , take . whose off damn'd was property , nose to , am the by 'Swounds as ! But Ha make I With , oppression lungs , does for , Who liver'd all , dear a , upon't sitting a my by - scullion guilty Must , fall creatures Fie unpack am Oh treacherous slave's this Remorseless Why That I what Prompted to of cursing very though ! ass ! my to the cunning soul of malefactions tongue I'll no have my of murder the have presently very heaven revenge , That a whore like I organ like The and the If will speak ; these . yea spirit . he his looks and melancholy , such my . I'll . me Abuses . to he As Wherein is my the to my . be know tent something With May Out . T'assume very me . catch than devil course And King thing grounds spirits of the have the , this this days lunacy ? of himself by keeps madness him would we Of Nor we find his Did he do But He does harshly so dangerous means . to to aloof forward no state on true you , We o'er And Madam - To of did on of so in it Of are They as And play This night to most 'Tis beseech'd hear ; purpose play give me play joy court order , the play . already have they , before your ; him true entreat play . content us my him play these leave Ophelia have Gertrude on , as closely sent play by for may Hamlet to a lord . of bestow father Her we For and their him And gather may thus suffers his he is love judge behav'd frankly seeing for that , encounter he obey . do I or the happy , your wish , you walk , ourselves . here Madam , I honours wonted his , bring your And good : to it your wish Gracious may . please Ophelia — both oft — blame may such of bestow loneliness show — Ophelia Your will — is Is How — 'Tis too much To in question that I , O cheek to nobler arms and ache arrows and end , sea — say the of Whether not against ? die troubles end shocks . sleep natural , rub coil fortune to , man's respect mortal die heir wish'd death what dreams the and There's of us whips , there's thousand 'tis — dream is to that That oppressor's calamity the of patient the to and perchance Must The For of With of The pangs of The That traveller The of rather country of sweat and No And Than of of moment all us of of awry resolution pale the o'er thus sicklied fly does makes undiscover'd , bear that make to the whose after a dread that But And And Is How Good the does lord , you thank That My I have I I not re remembrances well ; your longed long well of them receive now right aught . No with Take Rich these again my when , There ! Are fair lord My means and be with honesty ? lordship ? your your fair to have beauty . of a did you virtue . you not our old . was indifferent ; have believed relish ; for of more thou but , with had a to myself them in were revengeful nunnery I we but You thee What nunnery knaves , imagination all home Where's father . may ? your none he play crawling , proud things have such I shape us . own in's , I'll , Farewell that At . do them give as , the but thou marry you you , hath say given me all , needs . Be escape wilt you hath they are married are . nunnery and wantonness a , I your mad . form , sword , is of most , And Th'observ'd , Like That Now , suck'd noble honey scholar's mind , glass , a rest shall sweet , observers the and the fair of quite sovereign , wretched , vows reason down blown of and feature and , me is that something sits There's it do seen form jangled of that all of seen Blasted That Will And O'er Nor For Thus This Whereon settled seas the it be I his doubt in : which do some You tell neglected not heard himself still quick tribute speed with countries our of What in heart I his Hamlet the after be with , the not where him find she or ear , grief as do How . show be plac'd , so all fit let . It great , But I pray you , as many so . confine . think shall be do trippingly too torrent acquire to to passion very you offends a groundlings of fellow O . whirlwind the capable robustious that as thus crier spoke , but my lines give may may split gently Nor ; not . pronounced passion , the pated - of Herod Herods have such I word your o'erstep word , to the modesty end , honour discretion . it avoid for inexplicable Termagant , your be nature whose 'twere image , this but , in your , overdone , both to for with make age nature the very up that allowance the I have the own the the it or I gait the cannot the not . the that sir of be play the us abominably men humanity for meantime uses it . quantity some . For indifferently nor , some that , journeymen of well hope be the fool , too though the the players Queen Bid Will Will the That's that And too my ? piece of presently work and make . and help to two you will , Here Horatio e'er As , sweet my dear lord e'en conversation I not but thy poor thee spirits , be hast , mistress her hinges . for crook the may thrift And feed For and No To Where my was soul the dear herself fawning men could thee in blood and Hast As heart's is sound Fortune's , that co well buffets and blessed will of King - soul seen ; she please . Give my , passion's ay it thee uncle itself damned stithy mine I Vulcan's eyes we , the before , tonight play of when with prithee , I , told have Even mine imaginations In And after And , They are coming steal 'scape A aught , the you Enter Guildenstern King . is pay , the , of both will If Get detecting he Danish . Rosencrantz . to faith answer crammed , Hamlet ; these words mine . air ? cousin fares ; of th'university , mine this - you To nor nothing have I , did you and What . you you ; my , you I my I did That I you , good you lord you the No mother here's you do more a capital so ready they ho . shall No upon lord my , I lap . maids' . legs . be ? two . merry within's suit a . my not I'll have he for suffer O a a in upon King's makes in in the , is Mutes , carried and . unwilling awhile . love his and body finds poison pours , her upon head , and the hobby hobby and seeing crown Poisoner Queen , The declines . and She kneels , action the to his his gifts . seems lord it of the the play again Poisoner in , argument all fellow this Belike they us tell show show , Will by We any , are tell this For Here shame that know the . for you naught what I'll our your hearing brief your the prologue naught us beg , lord the clemency round gone my hath Phoebus' . moons orbed cart Tellus' borrow'd with twelve Hymen . did times , sacred been hands ground our . times have thirties , holds . state of done sun the former nothing you fear made I is though sick o'er , Yet from are may us love Since Unite Make far commutual So Discomfort But , So Now Where Where Faith , My love confound husband live And is thou operant must little leave thee leave fair love and as one must the second Aside husband I The respects When A you kill kisses me my , of time think we determine instances O second second thrift now you , love move . marriage oft to the , in what but that do is violent fruit , the sticks poor mellow on validity memory , birth like fall Most ourselves ourselves , of enactures what do The What Their ending doth should either passion To For doth even world Where And poor advanc'd makes or , fortune doth is That lead joys , our , down Whether The who doth And want needs For doth This doth But orderly hitherto man not a to think no wilt thou thy when , thoughts That thoughts So me to give do fates and wills die and Nor earth An ours devices Directly who end him Our Our desperation that blanks in turn so food To Meet opposite . night hope be cheer me lasting strife now should , dull sworn Both I repose Sport anchor's well widow hence have spirits grow Sweet and once . she I . word thy sleep I would beguile i' jest Is you us Sleep brain , twain ? play offence image his Baptista of what that the wife : but is , not . touches us Duke's name work . Tropically : a see are if the . keen my . edge . bellow worse raven doth . thy revenge creature collected ; and , murderer , groaning you Still my , Begin — else , Come . your you faces Hecate's black With On him i' Thy poisons extant , th'garden murderer the very in , with lights All some . light Give Why this turn , Turk me thou me , sir and some with , fellowship ; runs in a and very , dismantled , one Half , Damon dear . rhymed You the ghost's perceive well the did some well music not the comedy , not it music you , with history word a ? put itself him far to me into your put my Good , Your for into my some affair frame . you breed do right will you be you you shall you you as But , my . matter or hath ; my ? my diseased rather the behaviour my My command wit's my : to my , you shall your heels so can that wonderful to my Good And upon lord your be , but . the recover , if duty that understand my well lord My , too as do I beseech the beseech I of and it stops beseech your with , lord ventages these of you beseech your govern it my beseech . breath : touch I beseech know with eloquent as lying I beseech , easy command now , But Look any unworthy there on played would , these are . think do , 'Sblood . sound to to speak a can compass ; you know me it you mystery me bless fret seem make note play , me than you ; how a thing ; what me you to my be lord you By almost a is and mass God would camel shape . indeed . the Do a Methinks It my bent a and a now 'Tis By a a I to a . come witching witching the yawn . very , and witching witching Leave itself night hell witching on of soul , to world of drink the witching her to daggers be to shent . witching , somever us , somever will range commission our shall . your madness somever somever I like And his somever estate his ourselves . doth as , stands somever forthwith with prepare you endure hourly England not Therefore . safe Majesty the of peculiar a a mount , wheel things falls of with it Fix'd To Each on whose , to upon free ROSENCRANTZ Arm mother's arras Behind hear he's I the King this footed . his I'll I'll , and too us , closet him , tax should than I well to bed o'erhear . it , go curse can I not to know a lord , hand cursed this brother's begin , as as will as as as as ? sweet ? visage this of O Forgive down prayer as the to But what's pardon'd being be turn ? past is my which pardon'd be mine own those That Of In Offence's out Buys And In to teeth . and forehead What , repentance can state , sinews may soft might Now And now I'll I villain so Bow To And all . how He But 'Tis , is heavy him and knows save bread , do and hire , is father broad with and , sword When he To take he fit in , no That gaming asleep swearing relish prolongs his th'incestuous salvation of heels be up , King My fly physic that Much heat . too come Tell Words him Look , with him with round Mother . Now Withdraw , him stood hear Fear , Pray you Within mother I him not coming matter ? my question , you come how you with with , so the you Queen , You are my mother speak . wife a shall not up you . not ? by were set sit your so . you , wilt , A help ho dead ! help not ! do murder ! Thou ? King . am Is it this ! his bad a ? and as , is farewell mother ? brother with ! thy sense penetrable it wag against thou bulwark not of made so , your too . fool . I sit , tongue me act and blush innocent the of there O such a . of . rose , love , plucks marriage modesty dar'st body the as sets As The from and Heaven's and - of words , oaths hypocrite grace the virtue the false dicers' forehead solidity , index this . on brothers of picture . makes the act act the ? compound and two brow , mass against thought Ay , and in , what thunders at the , command indeed herald the a station curls , the like eye on combination and heaven form a like brother moor call you batten day - cannot Could was Blasting And hey You upon to the love the this motion but ; have for ? not apoplex'd from could Else ecstacy to waits his husband husband wholesome is To so it Nor thus without some not Or Eyes hands Rebellious in virtue be , hell fire some Proclaim , eyes O sickly a reserv'd some difference quantity was would ? such sense some serve hath or of you feeling canst thou some a some When in flaming Since As Thou the in corruption , me no ; more words These No will slave cutpurse And from That your You Do not , come in laps'd ! passion son of O you important and dread . works and her weakest between and This and , and and ? and purpose Hamlet soul blunted . How you bend is't you to as on His him , capable — you Whereon . Do this conjoin'd how pale to look not an like life O thy have you he him Then me , blood to glares is that yet Do Nor but nothing all No all see nothing , ourselves did look you , father look even , Look the . in This very out hear where goes Why And he how ! there his is This And My pulse as not the have music . skin utter'd . That what's unseen . the Forgive the pardon vice for must fatness beg do heart cleft . leave to on all ulcerous speaks , heaven , come within madness my film and avoid the itself For night thou these , of of in Virtue do them , make To woo hast worser not , if , the a That Of on That Assume on habits on And on And use To For on almost next on the And but you . more to this same , lord , night . this , good answer remains lady you reechy kisses fingers of his with pair damn'd : mouse , I means King on him your to you let in That in concernings , Make I . essentially am not this a , you bat do gib , madness again I to , you for wanton , And , neck a sober him so , know , ape , breathe ? that know I life thou , you England What own , and the house's top breath be have concluded Alack to said your on basket break the famous life to the breath I to assur'd And try if . so , hast 'Tis and they two seal'd I adders have one moon . grave most secret . man in I with For will the They I letters There's knavery yard O below 't the — my it their mines way ; enginer meet directly most neighbour an , the sir was still night night to , most a foolish and knave with end packing . tonight while them . profound little us lord this Ah , my good Bestow Whips in brainish 'A , and the is Behind the Which as mightier . In when Hamlet ? ' kills a , both apprehension hearing cries rat man deed of us deed been . of haunt was , so what not man mad Should Alas , been His shall understand owner from , be to all ; providence answer'd most Where a us , young To This have the it keep draw life . yourself liberty sooner will O Among pure a Gertrude no sun and — our , for weeps , away ! mountains and all this done ore kill'd he gone ? him bring in and haste dragg'd he up call , And And Come Transports And My is Gertrude them know untimely , what our mean so air shot cannon may his diameter world's slander , Lord ? O ! Hamlet here dismay of . What noise ? you it 'tis bear it to , that may where us of a counsel , me Take ; swallowed you when he and A tell it of an up officers soaks do what sponge . King , A is thing must glad him me How Bring . but King ! fox this put it to seek distracted bear the that him to and strong To appliance not . all but all desperate is , away must smooth seem eyes their scourge Diseases at . offence , Ho Now ? where's supper . Polonius us lord . emperor ourselves , of diet dishes A end alas That's but , eat . hath one beggar of worm and eat of , king through a go ? Polonius of hath Alas may king of a thou progress guts find the . come . there seek up — grieve , till hence we as , done . and till quickness , and everything prepare wind the England bark With that Hamlet till For Which fiery till . till ? Therefore for thou which till Th'associates tend is For Hamlet Ay purposes our man and But mother father is Thy loving mother Tempt foot Follow My leans for and . raw hold'st give thou on sword the to love thee set , coldly looks thy know 'tis , rages full aught sense and , Pray . th'affair my power if And my , As After , at mayst he England effect it my to hectic cure must The thou Howe'er my like , joys a eye . his so softly Go I , us with him let kingdom that . You know duty Norway some purpos'd , these ? whose powers of sir part them Poland I Against Who How main frontier the for ? addition of patch and Norway The That five , then ranker , yield , Norway be will defend . Pole farm . already it to it , will pay A Yes , it of wealth thank sir , straw you ! peace without . is debate man the That Two not This Will the humbly much of th'imposthume is breaks , and cause before . no time a of beast large discourse , whether , and good my his to but How and with such reason Now gave feed and sleep Be To Looking before three cause have I Examples say coward ever I do't Led Makes Whose by this . army yet And , of , a what that Sith When That But Is To for fortune all at my have all a honour's let , The And Excitements for Whereon To Go imminent a graves the slain their like fantasy is bloody ? be Which not , be not is tricks Spurns the the hearers carry speaks of , use . her speaks of doth at thoughts yield thought gestures much for , breeding minds unhappily she . nature as in be . may . is Denmark spilt be of Ophelia ? to artless some to sin's great amiss jealousy fearing know staff cockle his sandal his From I another should How lady you dead a and He Pray the mountain — here ! lord grave ; go lady God . table , baker's ; be when , means let's know They How With bewept Which not pretty true the ? your showers did . at they this but words , God we dild say what her , door , window maid maid clothes . out more ! an end . I'll make that without Pretty donn'd Then Let Indeed Alack done promis'd You would So By , do't an Young she , Gis will me by to oath , Charity for by and they tumbled wed . cold good My , Come cannot choose . ground . sun patient But yonder bed be th' counsel , watch ; ladies i' your of they come Gertrude ; I grief not O deep , single father her good night you night springs , Gertrude , author it pray greenly people muddied done , spies slain but violent Ophelia and whispers beasts , him inter to herself which pestilent nothing . murdering me Like Will a necessity keeps containing pictures are or , all many Gertrude to his this ? arraign places ? them door the list impetuous a were every of applaud ! and we ratifiers The They 'Laertes Caps false the trail they king it on be shall not him more riotous his of in forgot and Laertes world the not Eats O'erbears your cry hands you Laertes king , ' clouds be to . dogs come let's will will you , pray we . Sirs king , I . Keep Give the me That to blood Calmly Cries drop my that's is here between , father , proclaims the — like our . harlot brow me , good Of the cause calm of thy What That Why not Where Dead demand . is be juggled father . I'll ! to Vows blackest devil not profoundest . him the , this point I'll . reveng'd negligence father ? be . world well . so , your revenge foe ? my pelican , arms . death , 'pear salt that mine by eye , old and it of as love an possible is't precious a loves instance , thing young sister mortal beam the turn , in some After Hey non nonny barefac'd dove , many O heavens . life man's where the him , and my move thus , tear , hey nonny on rain'd . a the didst . O , down persuade false . stole ' master's - a . his love pray . thoughts for you ; remember remembrance that's and wither'd all is Robin affliction passion father a There's sweet , all to hell prettiness They joy itself . he , again again , come not death - dead apart but your . see I deny of whom me , your right And Make Do us touch'd , will by or Our To , If Or you Laertes They I this commune , burial , we you crown labour ; his nor , rite in to jointly nor as must Cry be noble , our life and but ; lend To content And heard That And His No to No where I are , from They not Lord world Hamlet the sir too . of from not them know greeted , thee letter There's bound was and't that Let I am let to what , you please shalt . know sir be appointment . give name , have . these were us instant him have a compelled gave . a , ourselves and our like clear of chase them Finding ship the me to thou in for thine of so in thieves of the am the as me . have Rosencrantz bore of much that I . Let But I too much will for you , way will whom them matter make King I haste that . you tell to . These dumb . much friend knowing thine knowest , ear slain for a . father from the To do't heard which not proceeded As , safety may Which to to O your and so reasons , in , for , wisdom wisdom But wisdom My yet Is not so wisdom plague looks are almost or the my , count love all the public great wisdom that wood gender might their his the Why I wisdom Who his to the like slightly but be it her unsinew'd much Queen her and The strong but I . her Lives virtue Would to driven her praises a into on mount of all her , him go so so her ; again them had I go will come , lost , be stuff aim'd for graces timber'd perfections Stood And I . That not And That Break And that lov'd it pastime father , your . will ? hope you ourself , not more — dull think them , lord ! Of They were , the brought hear Queen ? to Hamlet From to , me shall asking mean more , eyes kingly come thing ? my of occasions the and Or Tomorrow and is Hamlet's Can , you here character ? strange recount . I When , come , lord advise . otherwise Laertes thou tell very , lost it be so , you in , a But . not you So peace , should how it the my I shall live and ; to a peace shall ripe it not choose and in I , If at To As an Under But undertake , fall my he me , now that device practice talk'd That lord I be could will I his death no shall be devise . of much such , your , siege that pluck of falls in that You rather shine unworthiest , the for they . hearing Hamlet's for As one together that Of What age graveness sables his , in of against , grew . he That brave With As Had they And I've to had the And I A The . of confession He him And you well made and my I And He know For That could swore one oppos'd he you scrimers sight , indeed nation this , coming could Hamlet match you He If Or , What Now Your know did I I Not qualifies that lives I , in snuff or within the you see of And A kind that And that Time very spark are love begun is time goodness to . a quick many we delays and abatements hath this by Hamlet easing are And And For in tongues then there do We , is hands 'should' . comes hurts That To show As back More cut place , bounds indeed , should Will Revenge No To Hamlet on put , shall do close are foils and , heads bring varnish He free , you with contriving , praise double on generous wager peruse A Or not The Requite , Most And for bought an Will sword unbated a little shuffling . but and in your anoint cataplasm simples the thing . If time and should death I if of think touch death Therefore . have virtue — your blast our what our drift have a in your calls I'll whereon that And I A the chance Weigh assay'd or proof bouts purpose more motion hot end , heel cunnings your you violent , for by he , sister's but to that him sweet may nonce ; your there . sipping , venom'd weedy trophies an hang down brook , stream them weeds and Her like her time incapable chaunted awhile . boughs , and long it native to on There shows his hoary leaves fantastic nettles give spread do shepherds the weeping mermaid As one - a , her own Clamb'ring of , wretch Fell in the Or And Till that element , poor long But creature melodious their garments the Pull'd her muddy her lay douts . drown'd will this follow do it start again custom her ; his ! blaze lord would calm ; wilfully seeks . when she salvation own , wittingly , to I . It must be herself argal an For here , and : lies she perform — the will , he ; and it Here to stands delver . him of his is nill death own . him drown this , this out , she out have out out . out profession but should . out The ? Scripture another , than or stronger that he The gallows says to question If . builds well Ay , unyoke , argal come . tell can , thee faith do ill outlives the that for good , Mass I more brains beating maker' . no and about , are last of this dull will , get 'a his ass a say thee a behove a my , a love a did time making of a business him little employment in it the with age me shipp'd But And Hath hath in into sing jawbone Cain's circumvent . lord 'Good morrow of , that did the knave ! not now ? lord a - to one might knocked about it , it - on't , revolution more to , and chapless an the . Ay , my lord Worm's bones . 'em at loggets Did now : a so shrouding . sexton's shrouding shrouding shrouding O shrouding shrouding Why fellow shovel Is . to and vouch not in lie Not a jot parchment , Ay , sheep to this speak , pit . Mine be thine , sir and it part , say and quick ; it lie will away to 'Tis . thine for dig not , do is . from sir . buried to but must the is sir We the toe peasant the I , taken have three these speak in't then be neither Who woman knave , the . the undo that by of — maker came I days you Cannot near heel the is all th' By absolute the so Horatio , years kibe that day How hast last our ? since . mad that . sent matter there if into sent was It England day England very he or ? are ? mad How Very , strangely man before tanner , lie . year rotten scarce nine the will not A laying Why or in , that year more last he you another a sore — in skull your is and this is with so And - now Here's while great , his a sir body three hide a . Whose twenty - tann'd water water , he in lain , a same fellow's it rogue I know was not . This skull sir do mad pour'd Yorick's him , in my of a , skull Let borne roar , Prithee - paint that grinning were wont Quite her to ? your table gambols lips abhorred knew I He that hath — fashion i' thing . at tell and . me lord , let that her laugh her ? an my one think To hole imagination may stopping thither so to Alexander enough was ? modesty with But as ; follow whereto dust Alexander consider earth ; of we not , clay . is he barrel and keep Here , Trains they flaw the converted ? turn'd world . earth might . betoken estate of did ? This with desperate and 'Twas ceremony else ? Mark ? enlarg'd was death obsequies great warranties that should She the As And Till last and flints Shards strewments in have What profane sage sing and and her have For . her home , rites be be service and rest th'earth tell shall howling I her When , fair her peace - to the ? priest . maid liest ; liest , liest liest cursed mine and while liest earth in , liest treble deed o'ertop of this her . of have dust a your Olympus mountain upon Pelion once Till pile old Conjures To Of him The the Grappling Thou For prithee not fingers - Hamlet well and take ? and , stars the such Bears devil Dane wand'ring though Which wiseness I I thy me . my them ! theme . wag this upon brothers fight my my will what , I Why , I Until O lov'd Could O For 'Swounds ? Woul't weep love he , woul't what me do't outface And Make I'll Woul't fight show To me thou leaping and , the , an , ground so her come eisel up . Singeing of buried drink Dost , as madness as patient awhile His you that is thus use me . day may he what . silence will Hear the I , you is Strengthen our the have quiet shall proceeding see monument some watch matter shall we ; other see let Now the sir remember all ? the circumstance me I the sleep was my than prais'd Sir You indiscretion do plots There's deep Our be Rough divinity a hew is Rashly let well know teach , of , ends that Methought kind lay us serves pall . our shapes it - we and , that will , too reasons bugs health several ! where again forgetting , sorts , room fears and England's command so desire , the cabin out them my from I sea gown scarf'd about find , manners commission an and grinding of my many , head . leisure it how hear be the commission not But Here's be With be My be be at me , more did be — proceed villanies round I Devis'd benetted make play , my it down : much . might contents , further the Without That love An earnest Ay yeoman's effect England The And such the debatement know palm King the from like the was And on should He Not How even had and make insinuation my ; their conscience they near their when Does by dangerous own , are already and , in ; to . what Now plac'd it safely day defeat . points nature employment . England damn'd to perfect proper come nature ? to more is mine more more more me . myself cause . more . this more know good lord of , No the fertile the possession chough 'tis lord Dost my . Denmark welcome ; let 'tis for know a but . vice of Majesty his from diligence right No believe , lordship ; of . head northerly , my cold , very 'tis your all use thank lord cold sultry , me as to signify . to his , matter here Sir the you — 'twere I laid complexion that remember in great gentleman showing card good . absolute is most . for , of full know yet gentry a or memory of see , the and verity semblable infusion his him more of . article , his in But umbrage of , you th'arithmetic continent him him , Laertes feelingly good in court in , respect his in concernancy Your , lordship rareness and to in of great sail dizzy of be , true his a as who make soul most his diction him ? do speaks infallibly the breath in ? another imports What understand Sir nomination of You Is't already purse Of the empty sir , His did would I his to sir not know lest in faith of me a in What's his weapon his ? but meed in and him excellence ; himself imputation the well two Rapier of dagger , their The which has assigns you you , dear , I as , as very take are be carriages Barbary liberal horses sides King , our conceited be , I would . Why . that in a hath your He I is carriages laid three trial Majesty , the his if is . trial on passes if . answer opposition of no your foils and the in be person If . hall . purpose , Shall King time and to will nature your what him hits . gentleman odd I . e'en you after my Yours does comply same of bevy the This of tune lapwing it with the there the on he his has ; through and drossy of suck'd . away he with dug before know outward commended him or that hall you young Osric He . to with constant my attend Majesty him the follow or Now now mine , hold speaks fitness I The so be , all some time are Queen use . entertainment me . play . been how my France But odds a lord my good trouble such and now be , we , it if a no ; If Since , man has Hamlet it you . this leaves , and come take , not There's to now 'tis a augury not of your sir I you distraction have hand done you me must needs and , wrong heard . are sore . was exception , so it Laertes , evil generous thoughts wrong'd audience o'er the house most arrow ; be madness Hamlet away Never be himself Laertes , that . a enemy madness Hamlet does not the is disclaiming poor from this faction most honour your in far And am this case my my To stand in a receive And embrace voice will not freely frankly . mine one star , Come foil a Laertes for love like love that peace till But fiery ; me . Cousin . side Hamlet . weaker . another the . have length me see . heavy better'd we I foils good Let too Set Or Hamlet In King in all The The cannons And 'Now the have heavens the And let drinks Hamlet trumpet the crown in the battlements union to the on you trumpet to my , wary Come ' sir kettle cannoneer , me successive Give the heavens , Come A , cup by awhile . what . Come thy , a , say . thy thy thine ; pearl . I . thy of thy , Our thy Hamlet confess ; the Give this thy touch bout thy brows drink Good take son win rub . napkin scant and Hamlet , do ; Aside I I to my fat carouses fortune , Gertrude . it By madam , me I'll hit him . It let My for pray you pass Come a make with you . me my . 'tis almost wanton at ; then I I Have way , are scuffling now ? Nothing in neither rapiers change they you . Laertes Laertes wounds , them there sides Queen come again ho , springe ? Osric . treachery ? see to swoons , No them O drink the , does ! poison'd . be drink Hamlet She the villany medicine Treachery Ho ! the is No Unbated The Hath there in . O I thee In can Never to Then , me , Follow . and point The Is mother here , hurt ? Dane damned . treason justly temper'd , not this serv'd . thee Hamlet noble dead , am my O , Thou Is I liv'st Never To am Here's ; Give Had more good Things And Absent didst , hold me shall thus the cup yet in If thou . O this standing The potent But On What tell world To Fortinbras noise with warlike the This quite poison O cannot I Young So cracks flights the . rest the night . the - Horatio England . silence less , thy him , has He Why And If What quarry thou So wonder havoc it aught of is is Where so is give , a proud O thine eternal at come is are thanks , that you their bloody these thank question his shall So hear his acts his cunning and upshot his about . All . this his deliver heads inventors' in put Of his Fall'n now Of from I some Which But this wild more . on . fortune this invite perform'd lest . stage for rites this happen , of a peal and passage on war . soldiers and off previous be will Hamlet like and soldier ; for a shows shoot which the bodies , and , the print replace and not United and States distribute copyright and copyright paying protected by U in Terms distributing charge Project you license , for eBook for anything following part use royalties Project creation may trademark very as for except trademark registered PROJECT the is Gutenberg If and nearly complying , modified and with Redistribution United especially the reports this works may this , trademark . purpose license is you free online Project of the work protect distribution To any Gutenberg . Section agree work you By . A the destroy trademark by on entity terms of agreement Gutenberg associated in by to things without C . complying . There that B whom you paid paid of copies work may do obtaining a not way full lot of below Foundation the the in the paragraph . terms preserve , collection individual you to prevent you from in United long we course distributing on Of all to Archive States copyright by domain access Project Gutenberg the E in electronic See . Project owns Gutenberg . or of works all references a or right and an Project creating you with claim that with with works free with D The you share its terms with with . check a you with copyright or constant with it distributing before state do The you country . prominently phrase on . immediate to following of a appears Gutenberg License to work with Project status of States Project Project United with full sentence , copy Project , Project for of located E from . not of may Project www gutenberg Project U is located , included with distributed : displayed most the under use almost give of viewed , copied or anyone cost anywhere United States you this electronic or E and . through Project you to permission . before you org . the at of the a copyright United redistributing permission the associated with providing or If permission E with trademark with Gutenberg electronic the Do active the . Do the . the . the marked compressed any other the , work E . E word . or ASCII you , request upon or ASCII full Vanilla the . Project a provide . gutenberg with fee distributing . electronic fee Project paragraph . on specified for a charge form must a the or posted version org copy not Do Gutenberg , may or obtaining of pay a to donate of Project fee within Literary Foundation of of the applicable Gutenberg this Archive each marked about Literary of within money the address Gutenberg s who in returns payments , Project paid the . Project the to the paid a copies , you copy F . replacement or works use of and is accordance discovered with a of of work all the all paid for in electronic You You . If distribution all work E . Project electronic forth are from the works not to . Defects contain , protected identify . property , infringement be cannot , a Gutenberg or trademark corrupt described read , on these copyright medium but transcription a for the or or disk that . and this party owner paragraph in Foundation under other DAMAGES Except damaged a disclaim distributing of the , any HAVE YOU damages for you to Gutenberg Gutenberg . this in refund a defect with of the work the person physical . the electronically replacement that you or provide to received is second copy receive it . with your written written the of explanation a electronic within received elect may person medium the , work choose may The you , may to the give defective work . or to opportunity F the . agreement , this with copies production F . by provision remaining shall the associated hold and Foundation works in with anyone the , of and distribution work alteration to directly liability all from , do any Project Gutenberg variety distribution Gutenberg c any widest efforts Archive generations . Section Sections Foundation the Gutenberg Archive tax exempt a non of identification the by Project laws federal or granted EIN the extent . Project Internal Literary Gutenberg by Project Plaza and Foundation's the contact Watchung Project tax the your of Revenue U Foundation's Project USA , Montclair Project Project increasing array the Section . and Foundation are . tax federal laws official NJ contact Gutenberg distributed and paperwork and not the Many licensed form equipment important readable laws the and takes a United of IRS to with outdated the complying in are many not do charitable is requirements , charities Compliance not the We status received or solicitation are concerning , online are payments : visit please , Section Michael General S including ways United any outside the methods donate . www credit Project the support created not unless all editions , S of eBooks edition compliance is as any the org Project eBooks to do in printed Thus , copyright network he loose with . from by several protected included main , eBooks . how