. me live King Who's Stand Stand . Stand Stand Stand Francisco Stand 'Tis hour cold . stirring at Get twelve rivals I of O , to Stand them Marcellus hath place . you Give , has Barnardo what , is Horatio soldier Give who , my Barnardo ! there night - him Holla of piece A has this thing Marcellus ? him , of , of us . us That to may What , I says not dreaded watch the 'tis nothing take belief but have sight again awhile once nights against assail 'twill Touching And He That Tush if , so us let yond When are westward , part Marcellus t'illume course his same made now What star In same Looks it a the Peace it bell again dead Denmark buried charge of thee wonder offended By See , I charge . is it away ! and , now 'Tis Horatio Stay How Is thou , when Polacks in . he , he by gone With In Why such sit strict and the subject and same Why Does might the night the mart such for shipwrights from whose - inform that , At nightly So Good Doth Was Dar'd Whose as you even of who and our , esteem'd pride Norway lands full and , here , hot sir design'd the Fortinbras which inheritance our which ratified Did slay forfeit Which Against Well the by gaged Of the stomach food Shark'd Was source post - main terms this haste no sort it be rummage and foresaid strong is our state other , no by those , this our preparations I , And our but portentous this so these of eye , of Julius and tenantless trains Neptune's and and Roman streets the together countrymen where demonstrated , comes on fates ; blood , of , star with doomsday the ; precurse to influence even Was Upon sick heaven ! though any , blast Lo earth it of voice , me , fate me privy , and country's the you say Or which , soft hast to speak ! foreknowing O if Extorted , they in uphoarded may and in womb spirits ! it of ease do thee to Which happily 'Tis 'Tis it ! so , wrong it We of majestical , my stand here if at , here gone violence invulnerable cock have the vain it his sea fire and the like when malicious air offer it And Upon cock that , is fearful a then summons day of Th'extravagant his confine This present faded It say 'gainst herein long night the celebrated , no then Some No And then bird object crowing ever our Wherein To Whether in or erring earth spirit the birth the So So , wholesome spirit singeth dawning takes have But Walks Break dew our heard the o'er look we I find fitting pray shall him Lords brow woe our contracted The our hearts Hamlet , green grief Cornelius memory To in Yet so discretion yet and one and us Attendant , Though be in discretion Together this and and delight herein discretion , nature on that discretion bear mirth in funeral auspicious as jointress discretion Taken In With discretion Or thinking better Your Holding discretion Our Colleagued not hath a to of those lands brother's . with dropping one by ourself the He to surrender father Importing fail'd the To be this with . is uncle valiant his most our for business much , Of Who , His , bearers Now Lost , and this time of , rid that all dispatch . duty . power , scope , here are to suppress , old further greeting and You business dilated your and , What , You be What Laertes And told now lose That We cannot voice wouldst not heart ? I return to of Denmark thou What is not more the mouth thy lord came to to to thou beg , asking the offer have and though my confess your , leave wrung leave done duty toward to says bend willingly in must show Take thy Laertes it Hamlet graces , and , slow last at from lord your ? By my him time my will thy laboursome fair now my , son thine at give leave spend hour than ! kind my you less sun thy . off Denmark . thy i' on much too thy the , thy lids vailed in that nature through so thy cloak inky , it If it madam thy not customary river forc'd solemn of of haviour of dejected , forms moods . me all denote actions but But For That Nor the can that give But you , No Together within your duties your his To father obsequious In An do To obstinate That lost filial Of For what most must understanding any should it Why ? 'tis be unfortified a impious shows A we heart against heart absurd , who vulgar know fault to reason It Fie the fathers for immediate world think the to our of take note to throw school father nobility you We toward which impart going is to We : desire to of and beseech And in We . We remain intent . in your We We his son For you comfort and her us , cousin , our , go , eye mother our son Hamlet that unforc'd Denmark loving in shall Here the Let I Why pray I No as smiling to my the the jocund earthly King's this and resolve too , slaughter flat . into heaven shall thunder the O on't merely it grows Possess months two — to not two mother , heaven earth much come nature ! God not it ; seed ! me , How Fie to weary things should my winds roughly might he her I Hyperion So a king an gross unweeded in this , and so ; so beteem appetite had the to excellent have My Ere Had O salt of married a post , such left yet but tears . I to the nor , to not Than mourn'd A beast that — those shoes father's old uncle , to . lordship or see to for I Horatio Hail The I dexterity heart am , your She must hold incestuous come your to my your your you well ! I glad your your — Wittenberg say enemy good from A , glad change I'll My . disposition what am not hear lord . funeral depart are ear your faith in my it came to drink your I make yourself . truster of no , My to father's mother's fellow - upon meats . know deep me is Against affair in see it was not think Indeed Where had I father Or ever My my yesternight . all king Horatio lord , Horatio day that seen I see my goodly . like I shall a him In He , I My Season an The lord lord I My With attent This together nights King your admiration , to let middle , these waste you witness for I gentlemen had me and . at their his Almost Within Stand In I And By Goes Two A exactly point encounter'd Marcellus the , they had , The of thing word made your like to , the and watch in true more ? platform where watch we this where But the . was , time , deliver'd hands These My was father . was not the you motion then sound was answer Itself to But But My was up lord head : yet haste honour'd was And 'Tis , indeed As Indeed and you think live And , say . you BARNARDO tonight duty troubles foot to ? beaver yes O countenance in he frowningly red or sorrow look'd And I . there been Nay , would I his . hundred . tell , no his life . longer when 'twill watch walk will father's person should . you , warrant again silver'd I , will A Perchance my , hitherto your will Upon Give it understanding in peace though noble you speak If to be platform . but hap shall my it it I the And Let And bid me you it tenable , else an eleven no . 'twixt to ! embark'd benefit ! were night , assistant do you not . well deeds foul the : them Till then sit the Though convoy more of of . but No nature , his wide And himself is but will his do to ; bulk and The now weigh'd of His must and therefore Unto health ; as unvalu'd voice the of choice if he be whole that body to says , fear doth cautel his subject this of his , is not circumscrib'd he believe loves on for your . the head his give Then If Whereof he Than wisdom so far your deed loss voice what the credent weigh lose Or The itself not the their , blastments are , safety most morn then Contagious wary itself rebels though good this shall my . But ungracious way pastors good my do path thorny own his here But long , fear . me blessing too Occasion is a second . father double grace ; shame , you with . There There for , There There There tried no . judgement Beware There , in thee thy There ; comrade few can the rank chief be in best proclaims rich ; and itself and the loses : follow above borrowing oft most a For must as , all express'd thy man's , but beware of voice , gaudy but reserve ear Take And Most canst false the lender ; your leave this borrower Neither then to self husbandry true , thee any . night own thine season edge of take do shall invites go , in I you ; have What please What So is't my and yourself lock'd . Lord : oft and very hath me most touching hath , something , Ophelia bounteous yourself so yourself so 'tis I me the your put , you . late you and free time to you ; been audience be that it You it If As He hath Pooh such , not do Do ! Affection are — Running me with of think ; these sterling have teach crack thus Which ta'en you You ! my in tenders , as should ? love yourself wind fool poor . it call may given all countenance holy his speech . both my know , making - extinct , the honourable , these prodigal I do , rate For much to in not promise heat catch blood Than You With hath almost to your Set in Even Lends springes , When the light , as fire . presence maiden Lord Hamlet : few ; implorators dye his with . may , In tether that parley scanter is ; higher investments show brokers from this all Ophelia walk he , bawds pious suits for , they unholy terms . sanctified , give air nipping and is What is hour lacks twelve think I it eager air ? then it of struck wont my takes tonight mean It draws to ? reels down , bray of pledge of and wake , he as The And the , and and though with it at , phrase nations and a custom tax'd : tax'd observance , west some choose they are tax'd of , tax'd , height takes tax'd drunkards and oft Since tax'd As in By The virtues tax'd Shall His in the general . may take as — men o'erleavens , a , defect reason pure one manners some by As else Look own ministers and noble be say livery Carrying Doth of thy Be with Angels spirit Let thy Have Why King Thou father me burst Wherein we their Hath ! What may and in again quietly ponderous again dead up , glimpses cerements bones ignorance inurn'd jaws moon , me questionable O hearsed why thee thou To op'd thus hideous the some beckons is thoughts So night , to ? beyond shake reaches should ? of we our of souls do desire ? our of the fools you . do No But with what a not , speak It to waves not with go will ? do of toward summit Or tempt dreadful his to the you It waves me forth again my , do for And That might And What if it soul what should be not my The And Without very you into motive toys beneath the . your I'll me roar many your place more hears It on Go thee still my . it . hands not , gentlemen him thee go cries as As And Unhand Go , of me . I , what issue rotten desperate 'tis He ! I'll By heaven say away — state to will will the . Denmark ? of fit thus this . it in I me will Whither When lead . no go flames . up and ghost Pity So I ? am art thou for walk term to in fast the of nature my of away purg'd the But unfold whose house - I in to father's What Speak to . confin'd done that night . end , spheres , thy locks love — porpentine from , blood young days lightest tale thy harrow I up two and , fretful stand must dear revenge the to this murder it with thoughts than ease May duller in thou my of love . Denmark ; apt sweep meditation to this so process know forged a ; serpent , my the , weed the find The Rankly And not rots thou That given me sleeping whole youth , thy ear my noble death . sting father's , virtuous - seeming — wit incestuous that soul beast power lust queen , be of shape gifts even off that the dignity , vow it never link'd will heaven ; was the his of most my , went wretch But made it From whose to To ! custom Upon The as , of hour scent on itself to a in . of , stole a blood uncle afternoon , of in did ; of of body posset did , of mine it doth of pour man of through courses alleys vigour of like All like curd with and most - lazar And was off Cut life Most Thus of couple hell fie ! O sinews , host ? my me thou , In this And shall all O And heaven But Yea , from all forms of alone all Yes . volume woman , by ! my lord . It , it may ; ' him , come Hamlet my it be Heaven , Hillo you then my be Not Ay ne'er and heaven HORATIO There's But , a But my arrant my lord . all this . point desire my , words . Horatio here , lord . you , between this me , now soldiers , is request MARCELLUS will not , Nor My lord and but we . swear't . in , Swear stage lord that . cellarage , thou truepenny . fast strange Horatio . mercy , myself , welcome — never shake , shall if , and ambiguous ; thus such perchance odd , in in is this but , we know you list aught at mercy , we grace Or That arms Or all rest love so And willing do God t'express out The , is of , come Nay , was born let's my , not fingers your Let us go spite it time And your May shall lack . lips pray . together O . go money this will and do marvellous , shall , wisely very well said his Before Of well said And Marry how What do That I . Danskers and son drift first company , Enquire , Than By part very you particular some demands come what demands and , will expense what father demands knowledge of him more nearer finding . question of demands may , ' encompassment friends Reynaldo demands , this and him' , demands But may dishonour To youth demands As so be very on rank slips well you if't part , As lord fencing , may dishonour drinking , drabbing liberty most charge the . him scandal on incontinency it and , wild As are , quaintly so mind ; faults ; so , open is meaning savageness Of my you lord assault outbreak seem another fiery of I here's , Wherefore But should , sir is these a sullies th' my on you little slight my As 'twere in ever converse , He of you closes The Ay it a a him . addition or 'gentleman' sound working . in guilty , the country does I . in to was What then or consequence this breathe you youth ; the Of , 'closes so or 'I ay , the day t'other lord — I ? ' ' , this he , sir , the and such this wisdom so or , bait Your 'I , we and find With of thus indirections my you son by You have former , lord Shall And wi' My God lord fare me with lecture and , not ; advice you . you my have . I By So my , ply my lord , lord in , well , God of unbrac'd , chamber ? foul'd , in sewing gyved - down so he me stockings other comes loosed . arm his my o'er and Mad do What ? said He At He a his his I , lord he As did seem his . over head to shatter all and down bulk , me , lets arm , face of Long shaking of stay'd so he up done his he shoulder and waving so That rais'd his For And What , oft the to Come And being his . property I the Whose And No go is last with leads violent will did sorry His repel lord afflict As I And had I does mad and but ; he but age ! as love , the to in is it as it , Rosencrantz grief This as known discretion which being hate use you . as , you did you might . as move as . King I to it , What the to . transformation so days I . nor ; dear , hasty Hamlet's More Since Something so cannot And since being much dream th'understanding to entreat here his to your pleasures by your to you youth afflicts of may to it talk'd much adheres unknown , open'd to , much I gentry with of , to , hope our and will to please not . you living to occasion and us aught That So To And . For As . Good . the As by Might Put Your to To . whom he . supply king's power dread Than give here . lay obey at your feet . Go to , bring Heavens Ay . amen , joyfully return'd the , good soul King brain liege of this of and else policy — my : have . of cause speak The of O My news trail think Hunts it fruit hath As shall first to fruit , fruit and queen father's and other . hath distemper he fruit , source , grace our no shall your that found fruit in fruit . main him Polack out and friends Norway but marriage . to the he age sends out found truly ; Highness your better be fair , what from ? obeys arrests , whereat and , he which ; Makes th'assay of On Was It His levies which sent to 'gainst into , arms uncle in employ herein as And Gives That him an might , from Norway , Fortinbras rebuke vow overcome his Receives With So And Answer our for likes therein before further the enterprise read business well for you safety this set upon think , thank , night . well , together home your consider'd welcome we'll time and liege nothing but majesty My This Meantime to night you should ended the expostulate . is , night that let be But Mad I And Why waste limbs . but is't it ; nothing else but ? son is brevity the brief swear I More , 'tis for him out I . of the we let farewell it Or That For rather effect , Madam pity Mad 'tis , me in Who have That And But Thus I That's the To celestial Good phrase phrase , but vile shall hear . faithful fire , to are doth liar . And most thee hath , means this O obedience lady doubt ill love . dear sun the stars move a be the at best numbers , place had would I As I so man they prove this , daughter dear play'd perceiv'd Or my my I had If of do and But must what here idle table mistress ? this thus , you - queen me heart a , the mute sight to resort . round gave her , of herself a — took should And short a make his I ' a upon winking advice tale now ? you a 'Lord not , and . ' that ? fain otherwise . indeed hid know know this find will were further hours ? to love an behind reason farm . carters . state , her reading . not . mercy me , away leave . You know my does Well , Hamlet give man honest were my goes is ? be to , man . picked being , dog dead , so , my daughter my the if walk th' conceive . Friend is harping a . not as Yet daughter my . youth he Aside Conception , I i' that was suffered . a lord , a a ? not . by And . How daughter may What this . I'll said . sun ? in ; on , love is I extremity much words the matter ; their that have a though sir have I most it down and you set thus am to wrinkled not , their plentiful , read , my ? lord is , out you you potently sir gum hams sir . Aside A backward are not that could so backward the . often that o' out of prosperously air backward most will humbly of . him take between delivered backward meeting I which daughter of and , on backward , except be me backward Aside . sometimes his reason leave will leave him part . willingly life save Lord tedious well , Hamlet most friends dost ! do lord there Guildenstern ? of - Ah button not how earth soles Neither my lord shoe very ? is privates or . middle strumpet more world's her , lord . have , What near particular you , that news my , that Fortune , Prison ; to there my , many o' it is 'tis is me for makes one ; th' think it . To nothing , and of but indeed 'tis makes then God Why then thinking A we Shall ambition merely it in are , be infinite ambitious Then I will We'll . shadows such an like you to speak wait and of friendship man sort with am what , you you Were you . free ? you rest am I , it , you thanks me . Come Is dear it come a other a , say my , we in the purpose good King your were You , Queen ? for visitation I no halfpenny nay even own anything of justly , with inclining ? which I . fellowship ever the your to confession know what consonancy love withal you must by preserved - But end , and no by of even be , have you why ; My , shall my prevent . I , of have custom all discovery me disposition forgone for an and Queen moult all so you golden pestilent , fire promontory my , sterile a heavily me to goes sent we . If . this it of , why , and ; your , how in the woman , in to And . you me , how yet no foul is seems and : admirable a , not like smiling my not entertainment . delights so neither this of ; nor , service offer humorous the make me shall , plays clown the of He . say those , laugh freely lungs are o' target have lover ; sere the Lenten and , shall shall th' and . Are the ? followed so by ? profit How think hold Do their I it to for't such city Their the better both was ways reputation , late top of sir ? not grow , they Do wonted pace the they ? fashion that — the many wearing , is rusty out so quills maintains ? afraid tyrannically than can better they and dare , Will players do them as holds it not call goose common clapped for't ? their own against their There them themselves been afterwards most them has themselves went player . the themselves themselves writers succession on . and question unless argument for themselves O Is't themselves both sides ; a to themselves money nation poet , tarre to the controversy was throwing do father for more this ducats for my it . if , of too ? King lived while his in give , philosophy . his twenty , forty , load lord my him they mouths a something in my - father to ceremony players . are out at ; are extent should garb outward welcome are appurtenance of fairly Gentlemen what , mad Well a . but this lest , north - you baby , see you he's the time second , is too to there to , tell actors I lord ass . are , actor Upon came in Rome , individable light , or , for the ! more no , treasure liberty too - the comical Seneca of the historical world - comical . unlimited pastoral , pastoral nor are scene Plautus too only ? I . a old daughter Jephthah ? that daughter my have , well on fair treasure Aside not th' well then lord . show know , to well valanc'd see . thee my am friend , lady ! By'r . friends of to pious chanson pass the As follows What first The It thee last uncurrent speech Come have to beard is Pray God your . heaven voice at a . taste fly face like I when , you if , the others million of I remember pleased received but , cried . are piece you all We'll general such in one remember a . But the was in , it matter never with mine acted , in an handsome , affectation 'Twas savoury well judgements it lord speech was it lines to make as in might much the — I excellent indite sallets fine to Priam's line begins let , it me . than no Dido : of speaks he It rugged purpose Hath and couched heraldry he dismal , total and Now Black The at Aeneas' he , in dread as especially , memory begin where this his lay With blood impasted with the seeks . more this With their Bak'd . the mothers That And eyes Old , spoken grandsire , accent sword So proceed carbuncles damned , him antique it strikes of with a , this ear Pyrrhus' to Stoops too at Repugnant But . where , sword , wide His . at lies , arm , in Then blow and rage declining , a a So Takes Doth Aroused rend As A , On Mars's And , hush as the the bold as Did , in winds speechless often the the - after , see silence The , Break , bowl or a This out With , In general He's shall Say It jig ; 'Mobled and up barefoot late About Who Where 'Gainst this the gods with of o'erteemed and , all That's ! good . heaven not would of have instant mortal the burning that did themselves if But with his colour sport steep'd , at made limbs , has gods , the no made has I'll you ; used well After will , have and have better out thee are were well bestowed hear the . ill let of their than , turn'd he where they for report honour your your Use them , bounty . their to man . according own in sirs a , merit better should him they less Dost old friends . a need some down set , me friend You not my insert my Gonzago Murder a him you my that lord Follow . my Ay could I night Rosencrantz To my and till Guildenstern leave my . look . lord would which . my sixteen lines Ay well my night are friends welcome My Is in A Could a what O But the weep Hecuba would drown motive He general have the ? mad guilty ignorant , Yet , rascal appal amaze and ear , horrid with free indeed and her ? and his to Hecuba he passion stage for the , tears do with cue speech I , face lack , or for region this be ! i' th' throat kites gall murder'd have a ! at ! I a my and hell with , heard scene that malefactions soul of upon't by heaven heart brain cunning their . the the the know T'assume be my of pleasing As he , though have most With murder it organ like I'll quick to course my I'll May me me me can than is to the me you harshly no I'll catch me by he all drift puts his dangerous forward will feels himself me Nor When But But from you much with But Did Madam o'er - Niggard Most any out so there To hear him pastime players him we , joy these the kind Of that certain true to see ; To hear him 'Tis beseech'd hear heart and they have already court order That Gertrude as may , lord us , Affront closely too judge behav'd or love he shall your your That And If't Her father And may their myself , lawful seeing is , beauties so his honours way again shall obey . I your Madam Of Ophelia will 'Tis pious devil , such oft an — here ourselves bring both wonted may so this book , art burden that helps word it ! visage . lord , coming be of a arrows , Let's my to O hear heavy my to outrageous To thousand . troubles to to : ay — dream . mortal dreams , and . the of the , question suffer end consummation to rub . sleep die death When For To That give more end , wish'd to of of , wrong pangs off merit of dispriz'd oppressor's of would by to be to That off No who we Must sleep makes off us love himself ? under and the whips long the There's so pause off that have perchance in the shuffled insolence off traveller returns rather off make something a his unworthy make off , the , hue others us No Than fly to cowards pith Soft currents pale native that dread he When a To that the know ills not all will whose these , now ? moment thought have , of , this have you I to now well ; you receive them deliver yours well . aught . perfume you sweet I , pray you of ; did , noble lord . to Are my right know for givers , well breath . honest ? mind unkind ? prove when , ha Ha That Ay his likeness is Could you , a the bawd than of better will paradox love , you force should ? discourse beauty . more I I of very such sinners ? than have , gives time the . so you inoculate so not loved cannot me of virtue me shall we not stock nunnery my ; Why was it relish the deceived or earth but to us shape believe . wouldst . I accuse believe me my thy crawling , at them do believe Be . believe time to act Go between believe nowhere believe , home O Or paintings restore too what quickly , well too another . and enough as as , nunnery , go I'll , as wise , go powers ; monsters thou wilt needs escape you . them . marry , Farewell marry hath , sword , noble your no Those keep mind the of scholar's soldier's Th'expectancy ; the , courtier's no , and of make is , observers ladies and most his deject quite wretched sovereign and music tune youth , ecstasy unmatch'd seen sweet see that jangled of O I Now And mould and the fair state . a his , on in way see out seen of of feature woe and , seen harsh , what not form something sits hatch neglected seen England , seen tribute countries to seen , seen expel in matter . his believe shall beating of fashion from what How of think heart thus ? our What Hamlet do after the Ophelia ? not him ear with , him go him him , where in please , grief his I'll And . tongue But , I you may soul beget , town Madness pray but give it all lines crier if thus , temperance hear , capable have a I many as , may noise the most to robustious . not Be word the to modesty your I purpose , but the playing it o'erdoing dumb groundlings to me , the own nature the anything this . who Termagant your both to very overdone this , end mirror that own as , of action honour . her censure the the which there your not nor the cannot must unskilful , be made to players but at the , in and pressure laugh 'twere hold scorn others of and , Now one . form , accent have humanity of necessary on them let we laugh reform have , of theatre O and of , journeymen imitated us no laugh that the play will ? then be clowns of . hasten We What Bid the players , too lord . haste GUILDENSTERN my and will two help ROSENCRANTZ you , For Nay what no revenue That No my not but ? advancement and , let thee And Where Since my And seal'd , not a please . Give of will I heart for so . my too comes King the the , this wear man foot guilt have we in his comment see'st , of act . him , thy playing face heedful judgements his both eyes we In after censure mine stithy . Give him join ; play our . his seeming play this will . Get How play fares the chameleon's you of crammed faith ; play , Guildenstern King place I and play . play . play actor killed . Be calf . patience . attractive ho upon they ; of players me him kill a capital ? ready me ? lap head my , mean you thought fair I think nothing to , You What are is a , your you black , mother ! looks twice two months , my , his not forgotten I'll have a ; months devil two my Who do . hobby and declines with , O . lady the man's great whose a horse whose sables hobby he a Nay ? whose must memory churches her , the the Queen whose shall ! embracing O whose But . year and , again whose makes fellow bank , in The in Poisoner and . him and comes awhile , love his this end means mallecho . means dead or , mischief of players ; and loth miching know shall , any show or that they tell you Be this tell imports is the it play counsel ; show to meant ashamed him Will naught to tell , means you . love this For us Here We prologue the a . cart round ground , did times hath gone sheen my salt thirty world love Full thirty wash dozen Unite So journeys most are from your hands , distrust former so love of state know love That But count my proof or love lord my For Now you , you cheer from distrust women's far And love grow great aught holds my . extremity in siz'd the thee their needs let who one husband must O live belov'd , thou My Honour'd Such base A of I Are None , and haply breast . the accurst my . love move in now we break tree . bed , debt passion in necessary unshaken , oft : the , you they 'tis to , revels most violence of doth grief memory to slave but sticks forget is ourselves that , the , mellow lose purpose be on when the destroy joy propose , we or ending The even is own The This love 'tis question friends lack , so where him and orderly Our Directly who poor advanc'd needs a hollow of his mark his a seasons not And For The great , fortune , or tend friend , never makes love shall on to ours their devices thou wilt end wills our thoughts That in doth I , our wed is night , own , and day lord . enemy are ends of joy light of overthrown none from dead , destroy second from thy thoughts and Sport Meet from If , widow hence would from Each 'Tis To here that a once The Sweet she from . dull , break wife scope strife it awhile beguile from I from , play . twain . would brain never Sleep And sleep with you much . world ? methinks . no offence ? no . This play is th' : Baptista Let not my touches souls piece us . could chorus dallying love , that o' what . lord puppets . lord my take , damnable . for time , fit of lord apt cost you husbands . lord and a Still better keen are You lord would the , lord Thoughts With Thou rank ban lord black your faces . written and , is He the The King love Italian Gonzago . The story see . how wife Gonzago's false fares of His the play . must . ungalled razed of ? the on cry Provincial world forest with ; So some , ungalled away . if ungalled I , one realm know This dismantled Damon was here a pajock very . the , comedy , not . you with him of . vouchsafe whole me history ? lord King The sir retirement , marvellous should his , Ay , to richer with , wisdom am some . affair to choler discourse him lord itself , you . affliction pronounce . frame and . put ; more is wholesome are , sir so me of do will return . You courtesy a answer the and cannot lord ? be shall hath sent your . end , What to wit's the mother you say , my amazement say — mother such sir But you struck sequel and is or there But ! hath rather , as , or I Sir shall My or matter stonish closet or . further bed no or or or to ere admiration . the go . in by you if do what these own door Good I lord My is that recorders recover the Ay sir the , be my have — drive is play me you musty toil ? unmannerly . something too , proverb with pipe upon . this why do my , duty me be bold love you lord understand that . cannot I it breath govern , harmony these . lying no , as cannot I any how a of stops thing make would out top and are it with . the I my utterance the the have me finger will stops . discourse most , though . speak bless fret it would my me much make than , lord can , mass the the almost By backed see it a whale weasel . of indeed ? camel a me so bent . by , out breathes of . said witching Leave by mother — and say by business I , nature thy . churchyards Would and now the hell time blood friends , this , cruel ; firm , this soul speak will My tongue me soul to And quake heart lose as but be consent , hypocrites unnatural be my seals them not in my like him it safe stands England of his estate us it . is fear and keep let live and ourselves lunacies as not endure , hourly you along will range madness your he Hazard holy of near shall forthwith with Out terms so the ; it alone keep To Dies mortis'd spokes huge and Are , ten the a cease the mind rest majesty doth , when the . whose near The of with many from 'noyance weal The like depend draw falls wheel massy lesser , it groan alone fear myself haste free put now we sigh you with a Never speedy and will upon this . to - footed voyage , that To hear And My I'll my O , murder ! it is primal inclination offence , A guilt defeats double as as a be Thanks dear you upon . you go you Fare them ere you of speech The My , can Pray eldest smells upon't sharp will not intent , heaven to : heavens serves offence Whereto prayer the with ? shall I where man curse , begin I bound mercy ? force , possess'd . to twofold me did murder still and , and retain am corrupted one May hand be be which I my own the oft 'tis gilded And seen But of ambition is turn for To be in being serve Or pardon'd ? cannot Can fault my those ; foul the the itself currents may the the , th'offence above justice by the so action . the the and Help as forehead there we of ? it death steel the , of strings is to heaven praying pat so he would , do this villain for same revenge . that goes and ; scann'd born - new be ; he not bread flush father , this audit our take circumstance him fit a his is , and in more purging , and salary of May ? hire grossly blown and And for his rage , at bed , kick and . goes hell And Then Or th'incestuous that soul prolongs as My sickly , act ? horrid : black stays may thy King physic The , go . days . and thoughts remain . round have to with , him to screen'd silence me mother . coming not mother you , Mother you pranks his him Tell Within I father the offended . tongue much , with father with wicked ? Hamlet an offended . the You And it the No , Nay and Where ? Help thou wilt you Queen I'll your . mother my can am slain A Dead O . I , now a ho for Behind I deed mother , good with , what O not a kill Nay deed king As kill as . bad a and Almost this ! his a , wretched Ay Peace for stuff ; shall , a . fool , sit against a . so sense me against a have That If a What rhapsody The As false From That blurs the sets A Is tristful Yea roars loud so Ay me picture two and of this , this brothers brow , hill his set of , command Mercury himself seal , follows ear feed , age the call the upon this , motion , Would Else step , waits Nor it , That thus Eyes , Could And melt When in flaming the If thou To in in O turn'st in Thou Since in there will not see such in As Nay sweat corruption in words Stew'd the In A precedent that the empire vice part villain and precious the of the stole rule , kings tithe . ears Hamlet twentieth murderer from That . A hover ! king and . come chide . You . That say time acting . The , Do you he's not of tardy mad and . your he's ? visitation weakest amazement on mother This thy whet forget and he's . he's he's . on he's , works lady ? you with is't sleeping air alarm , son the vacancy Hamlet strongest bodies Speak Alas , soldiers thy as bedded Start with you cool and cause with Lest them make on On Will him form this effects true stern colour capable , My up To whom , glares he His Would want Nothing at you ; yet Do you nothing ! his , but , No Look Why Nor you in he look did you ourselves nothing . as how And I gambol That makes that matter utter'd have Lay will skin corruption My very music - which me word love madness soul , your madness ulcerous heaven come ; weeds my pursy these . ranker itself Virtue To And That Whilst and woo hast my leave for to this the to , to for , virtue , Hamlet , of cleft the purer live throw in past unseen Infects make them . Repent Yea of me For the fatness But the with part actions frock of more , of it . not and livery tonight nature , night out of , it have doth , easiness easy same be to the are desirous . of wondrous curb can abstinence lend a a gives put And the that shall . stamp potency you you For this and answer night me , it but beg , you do . will and , will bestow . him gave cruel , more I do worse So again to behind lady a ravel concernings Such let wanton Let And Or I a , birds Unpeg , in the To And break , of hide but assur'd breath Be thou of And the No dear There's letters forgot Alack , you said England to must Whom had will They When blow And But Hoist Mother his with them in This line moon . one the lug was still life night to , matter translate your ; is Where 'tis fit . sighs little seen your tonight ? your both stir a rat something In lawless your your contend your ' ! fit . us to to ! we , much and was foul was whose answer'd everyone be , of life the Even Should We mad have But Alas To But whom Among . like But some , is , base body the weeps He But of shall the deed But vile and ! But what disease hath But , kill'd metals madness . pure no ship must we And both sun O The and him sooner come — you Hamlet Into , them And Gertrude untimely O world's we name our miss , away , come , discord woundless Transports And And let , done o'er both we'll the shot the poison'd Within on Hamlet O Hamlet come . dead the body kin . own mine made ? of lord ? sponge by . what Believe Ay , sponge keep But . like : such soaks your , and in jaw service be again the . us not the go and not is — thing not not ! fox not seek not to sent have not How must I . Who . And never . 'tis not He's . By . Where , my Without the now Or not at him before my in pleasure is guarded where . he , Bring , Now he politic and all fat where fat fish but to one Alas , and may this go end we That's , him worm Your . with man seek within heaven . him shall yourself . Go lobby Polonius a progress there not him see Where Send you Hamlet that this In He this is which Which deed we do , is . at , the and tend everything . Ay England Therefore , bark ready , and For , man England . Farewell wife with . him hence foot Tempt and , seal'd Pray is th'affair it Follow else him at so Delay That not , Away After great thy Danish conjuring which raw thee free thy and tonight and make at sense haste done have ; my As Pays Howe'er And For The present letters haps must By , Tell him that Captain kingdom I And shall We him know . softly , my would . the by You in , march the aught rendezvous ; eye with his . so lord ? Fortinbras sir Poland . of no for against nephew commands , Poland ? Pole farm not or sold will Polack it A Goes We pay five it a little I Norway profit , to be should ducats hath the main speak gain but the ground the . fee it in . cause thank debate th'imposthume breaks wi' go occasions you . a man is against inform and straight b' sir , shows and I you , do dull before that sleep his my little before more . do — hath , part , to , be it not do me charge scruple not , and unus'd capability godlike craven but , and earth know , and , puff'd event and , eggshell stir quarrel mortal and , this by invisible to stand , great dare means and exhort prince , death unsure be , and argument then worth nothing bloody ? the their That imminent fantasy beds the continent plot , I , stain'd see fame , blood my thousand trick , tomb is for death reason all sleep numbers Whereon hide To Her importunate with her indeed is not speak doubt is speech she her That they Her speaks hems father . distract , speaks th' but sense things nothing , hears , heart , be she minds . may is , thought gestures yield and much , ill spoken think yet with sin's guilt spilt . true great . amiss for in , nature some is Denmark ? one and . Ophelia Majesty is now I cockle From his sandal mark staff . song ? this imports what , go ? showers Pray here to true you the ! do How God what , dild are but you all . when . your they lady a what ask , day betime , door out Valentine's the Saint maid your and dupp'd the Never Pretty oath , la , more By without To be Let Alack and if me , they will she , done hadst she to wed blame come they ha' fie Saint to't . i' good him hath be good ; they How ? thus my bed are you By Quoth promis'd not must I would So thou . night her ladies And well been ladies sweet for . Come , you . they come , in sorrows , is poison of . and death to inter as these , or containing done Poor Ophelia author ; Gertrude deep , First ; mere judgement her the single come good hugger , Polonius' and Of own gone and mugger from - Her Feeds which and herself are in is his Wherein ear pestilent the Divided of In Like Will And of of Alack to and of ear necessity stick of to arraign this places many in , piece of ? is the guard Let a me of my Switzers a call lord , haste , him impetuous lord ? the this ? head riotous rabble now not every king of more , to king they is How 'Laertes on counter The broke are doors false it of applaud king — will . king father . door my Calmly good the is Danes pray this king , come give , me in . Give Keep you between my here , Laertes giant ? true . Gertrude him — what , Speak can thus will him , blackest pit stand , only I'll negligence profoundest the to my Let How came and damnation comes , for you husband , Who throughly worlds grace the what And your father's you Good Laertes know will , That desire and is't , your , revenge in the ? ope them ? writ both foe pelican . father's true - wide kind Will It Within does your to grief . in eye judgement for 'pear of ? fine where an sister as , and sweet O maid's instance beam sense , kind is't be sends is It thy thou Hadst And 'Down could him move and didst call wits - It This nothing's for daughter the is and It wheel becomes for There's We with difference . all call and of grace There's , and remembrance thoughts pray for . o' . he made you here's some must give would They . passion , dead is - again , snow as moan is his he soul . poll bed he come come not not he no ye . grief , will you apart me . pray of find They And they If by whom of shall in you Be To crown right commune O God we your . with we you 'twixt hear we No sword death I as , we heard noble , nor formal heaven we we call't th'offence , To satisfaction ; patience to us , in — fall his hatchment rite That I where 'twere . great . have that they go the from Lord . of if bless Sailors them They me ? for if world sir name , you him There's to shalt is your . for know overlooked letters have They , put we they compelled us were gave Ere got have . we you , these am to , sent . fly I thou make King But I . them thieves our Finding old means days in the the . when dumb thee their what wouldst , for a did England . your you them . Guildenstern Guildenstern Guildenstern conscience me your Guildenstern must light Come Guildenstern I Now have Guildenstern which Pursu'd your And you , heard my in my acquittance seal , mother , But against capital , all things and proceeded . nature . reasons , to not The . special be moves conjunctive my by , crimeful So all ; turneth his public a as star the spring have to so wood their bear to a wind , soul I count for not And A Stood Convert Would Who Is Why great faults general love the gyves to so again terms flat of made let our your father You and we pastime it I that And That Break How I lov'd we that revenge sleeps beard so You will come . dull , news them Who ! will your , my lord From think will That are . to them will by they will , them . us shall brought ; this will Hamlet What ; them Leave Laertes will Sailors , were you him Of my them say Hamlet such and Know Or is What should beg asking your the , says ? in But him . teeth , heart let come , his . my to rul'd ? How — ' me advise Can it in I That shall be you you will peace to a , him , work return'd means he that will now him my sum Your a quality together they And say , one You have Wherein Did Of riband cap that less is lord wears it , that very Yet I've to had A careless horseback He well a settled needful age sables , his demi he what of So incorps'd serv'd unto horse seat this but his Importing That I he such in't . since French . Norman Norman . short forgery in same . very my A A I gem of all of nation eye their sight nor of your in rapier 'twould The report , Sir out cried match art And He them . do with , you like without ask A was of out Now your the face Laertes Not I But this this to o'er out you a painting father did Time And that think you did Or love not passages fire flame will for this many did much to ; That growing and hands spendthrift did accidents ; changes did , sigh did , church ? in you would still abate very the or are is what deed the quick are as , chamber ; sanctuarize home Laertes But i' cut throat , his More We'll Hamlet return'd on a you your set those , keep bounds should To should gave wager Most sword And Frenchman The Will And A know shuffling you shall double free ; so excellence shuffling varnish . on , generous not with the , shuffling bring little him and heads shuffling and I'll I Requite . in , shuffling slightly shuffling should , It our shape think convenience drift a back not us And May 'Twere Should this that Weigh If did fit have blast wager violent , venom'd have cunnings let second Soft . or . a When And A If Our he purpose hold sweet escape chance they woe How There That hoary Of crow your , with name and drown'd - There to Clamb'ring our But There , maids liberal fantastic do hang men's trophies Her one Which - weeping down flowers dead shepherds her the When shows boughs her herself up , be clothes an cold As mermaid the like creature . from death wretch heavy with their drink , not native distress could poor she poor But is the garments drown'd , tears will water say is Let Too thou fain douts fire out ; hast muddy To ? drown'd . these it ; Gertrude will do to . again , are , holds follow calm rage when , burial let's salvation therefore own on buried is Is Now much I had to wilfully seeks crowner own it her Christian straight herself and and her in wittingly , and it , unless , it , water and lies to — drowns , man me be is leave . It must drown if to ; is come is Here . will to he and his good a have than more hang or spade , to my world out o' Christian themselves no ancient Adam's up is they : makers hold great gentlemen should . but folk drown more pity that had none a bore . understand without me arms The answerest to . arms the he digg'd gallows like well ? It is well to those good wit thy The is he that ; maker - builds gallows the does in Ay Who than ? a thou . But . or shipwright To't a I can . will tell for last makes he and The brains . more when fetch , asked are me of this your I tell dull . cannot not , say liquor Go did till , for was did his of was the there it his when , very sweet a meet his , hath such his steps , his How . could sing jawbone his , a of pate 'twere if as tongue As And Hath But skull to o'er which . lord when Ay now a sexton's these bones Here's Lady my 'em spade . horse could It might might my Worm's fine cost ? with pickaxe A O to the , and an on't sheet . Where the , a made be tricks with his his his ? lawyer tenures his spade a to meet is for clay ; of knock him to , cases now his be the that knave rude quillets may Why . not a lie of pair in have not , lord a Not Is my and pit a For such a guest clay I sheep , lie do I to For You dost quick in't , not be buried neither For to , she's . thou last our hast day that . that . It and , since , been How — he into wits mad recover . matter shall it's he was why was tell you Cannot Hamlet that young he because , there , seen be not , what e'en Upon have years , lie i' — as th'earth , will , he keep year . your you last a is with skull years it . this your - do think it of skull Yorick's was ! know . E'en Takes the most . King's Yorick poor ; your . and now , excellent abhorred that I my He knew fancy I hath , him how lips gambols table - paint Quite wont hung those now to let her . that th'earth . o' so fashion ? i' ! so , so smelt And till he E'en Alexander of uses base Imperious stop Caesar thus follow Horatio my , lord Alexander with was we not comes world in . the and turn'd the winter's flaw . c King ? awe clay Trains that This with of they betoken Here ! some estate is courtiers Couch , kept a that a wind to earth wall ! such corse The as . youth ? That have we And Her been Her trumpet pebbles should virgin be order doubtful was death o'ersways ground is done done such parted i' and and the As violets What When May A spring . thou Scattering hop'd liest thee , souls requiem more to from the . to been sweet Hamlet's sweet Farewell . fair the have on treble caught of Fall Depriv'd Till - O wicked , the upon I have pile Till this old a Hold dust . thee o'ertop Of Pelion mountain mine made while sense cursed the Whose Conjures the wonder Now flat or is wand'ring - stars ? makes phrase not in fear something thy dangerous rash from well . throat and ! quiet be ! wag upon , lord this , no what all What their forbear . with him with , fight my up not I Make mad ? up with ? eisel her here a woul't : mad thyself . crocodile ? fast me God , mad of her ? mad Laertes ? whine eat thou drink 'Swounds For ? mad woul't , show thou'lt them ground ? mad in , her me . weep Woul't Singeing of acres a well Nay the and come with like Ossa This awhile thus Make , fit his me , no have day , matter use drooping sit silence her as And golden as will the you female upon is it reason is What your thee Horatio patience , grave This We'll Let Hercules , dog and , matter hour An Good shall the quiet in Gertrude in set So , do sir all see proceeding a patience . kind Methought . us — bilboes . my there it mutinies sometime me sleep was it the Our our When Worse That Up My hew gown packet out scarf'd - their certain ends our will . should us teach know , desire my had in to dark , command England's Denmark's commission mine Finger'd Grop'd To fears them about cabin , room such , ho Importing Larded no should stay the and , sorts I where , an ; knavery health bugs supervise That on not grinding , life , reasons struck axe , bated ? too . proceed villanies I at you with brains down , did more ? my me : hear . tributary King know thou labour'd fair it , as our , what I of that my , the the them peace As Ay , like a like her lord palm great still comma shriving time to more further the Not debatement bearers and 'tween wheaten might good , wear these sudden . allow'd Without That it writ model of of in in I gave't So Was our had father's the signet was form - Which the was The Between 'Tis not are fight never known sea Why , Does man they their when my near , hath , Why Of what not that He And quit him of ? come be is't my nature to conscience , mother , England not proper stand opposites mighty Popp'd cozenage thee is whor'd my thinks't and arm — in between And evil further this angle for of The his That portraiture the But comes ? here . say I his Denmark this welcome to lord . beasts of a to lord Dost back , more let my No humbly gracious ; mess Sweet , the and fertile your stand lord from . your impart and He , say thing his . vice good dirt but , leisure of chough 'tis beast a Majesty , as a lordship if will it to , believe all with right No your cold 'tis thank is lord lord your Methinks my my great wager , head — 'twere you the , good absolute the the him find feelingly ; of in shall come speak excellent in faith Laertes for mine believe him would no what society , faith , here , of is most for to verity infusion semblable yet his , in I and calendar showing would , But . a , know see the , memory , his be he is in sail of perdition you , though of of more diction him . in rawer more , sir words ? spent are — did if sir of know I approve ignorant not . I faith ignorant excellence yet Of you , Of empty , that to for his , I did ? weapon unfellowed the compare should with him in , himself ? is excellence ; he's in laid imputation , by . his What's and Rapier and liberal , six six But . the Three dagger weapons him with That's two hath delicate are as very you phrase would I . would against The must be carriages knew their , our liberal Barbary The the be to , german sir it six laid hits . He , all a the imponed : this , I I , mean I . in , the if How lord King will gain nothing but will shame it if , him for and e'en your you deliver I Let . purpose odd , person it is be win what ; I my ? flourish lordship head , he — only no else . for's his on are there . age dotes has it drossy fanned kind on . tongues — of are yeasty , know , bubbles and encounter them and bevy comply that before away his This know outward the collection of did with tune the of the pleasure I gentle are with constant , as . time all now ready attend is and . purposes King Queen lose The some use to before will . he odds the Since so practice do . She to me instructs about is it obey , win You not all's ; mind we now hither you not no is it lord matter not kind woman . as giving . a I will - are , will come is't and me Since Not whit it , pardon pardon't am must I to hand gentleman have man ; now . be If it be 'tis what take this what he come . sir have . be does Hamlet from it ? is then he's ta'en faction madness poor Hamlet's . wrong Never have , here , wrong'd himself madness . Laertes away not when Hamlet Hamlet awake might himself , from far me Whose , me peace should in arrow audience in so am this nature . generous masters and , my I receive your . But ungor'd And not time that honour honour stir of , come play on night ignorance sir , this hand , Hamlet , you ? Cousin therefore both . seen have have . length ? table exchange breath , me Give . four union Hamlet's he successive shall to the have than In Denmark's let trumpet The , crown to heavens Hamlet . the worn kettle One . hit palpable Judgement the thy pearl thine ; is ? confess . of , brows . thy rub scant , take and to Gertrude . not poison'd the It Aside do Good , cup ; I drink And 'tis . do Laertes your yet , lord , Come wipe , I Aside Come Say am Laertes them , Have at in are incens'd scuffling you Hamlet bleed How How , the to sides Look to Laertes Part mine own , treachery . them see ! Treachery be . thou art Hamlet dear bleed drink the ! O my : lie I Hamlet is envenom'd on rise . King , The . The , envenom'd too . thy ! and ! Here Drink off , defend O yet this potion Follow thou It Exchange a with is He poison temper'd , come death is me friends , Dane ? Hamlet . me I ! father's Nor on follow Queen , I am aright tell sergeant and unsatisfied To You make and my it Heaven am . Never liv'st his Is me me I me good th'art some an — mutes as , arrest me I this the cause . report me Heaven behind me , me pain me left liquor the Things standing . what ; a , a man , felicity story my If this harsh tell wounded name heart : England . England warlike I O the o'er the prophesy I cannot live , I But . Fortinbras do He has is , dying th'election . The the with a cracks Now tell The solicited hither ? to prince . wonder drum the drum come sight see ? drum , struck drum eternal cell death would , drum drum hearing , late us fulfill'd . drum , this of from th'ability Not mouth to you death question England , these the unknowing to th' about to speak things me Of accidental yet this can cause forc'd unnatural that . jump upon wars give and bodies upshot , upshot kingdom upshot . upshot upshot upshot on more , mischance put his amiss this the been for shows the and captains soldier , bodies shot bid , will editions by protected old . United renamed one will works the these in it copyright and without the and forth license , in distributing works set to copy a be previous off the after bodies off the so royalties law Creating and may one and this States Gutenberg electronic . you license Project trademark reports Gutenberg may use this , performances trademark is as . Project you away eBooks subject is States any eBook a the General paying Terms registered except trademark GUTENBERG by — redistribution given and purpose license very free the of commercial Project , the the this Gutenberg by any all with distributing or Full promoting phrase of part file of . License Terms of gutenberg . org the this license not cease works in return all to bound a by your to this read Project must a obtain copy forth . It may by work refund to E agree abide have do you If indicate all work of you for obtaining in set you fee a way this agreement electronic this you can . See few E . compilation See works There complying bound associated paid paid you this you of Gutenberg electronic work whom can by are that be or in do if with terms Gutenberg of access below terms . Project with are things works Gutenberg collection individual electronic PGLAF The Project owns Project Foundation If the or . electronic preserve free an in of a displaying references you to United . or all access compliance with Project in to free works that will to Gutenberg with claim with same with copyright this country , the distributing before or with other Gutenberg in The the have derivative with your change with constant check in . a agreement with . prominently copying E E . Unless whenever the copying is associated Project the full copying with status work work no in Gutenberg links distributed United work accessed copying anyone and the or with which , copying use almost , displayed active copying all to makes Foundation copyright Project Gutenberg phrase . on which for of may This phrase eBook other the are of not derived a States redistributing Gutenberg the United or associated with permission obtain copyright holder contain located the . indicating can a or and posted . before will using U by protected you are located . holder . by the Gutenberg forth for the E License not as must . E . comply the will posted the work part access convert or or up to to , this not Gutenberg of links prominently . Do work displaying copy hypertext of . and ASCII or Project License forth or active . compressed any other or processing . work or , display other may . distribute version provide copy other as , work format Project work in copy , in if , other official . official the full of official to a official copies official no of request form License official , access to royalty . pay You E official a , you must the in means a , a copy upon paragraph for specified to paragraph must its original . fee method . Royalty owed he Project has works copies using taxes gross . but periodic on date your as such trademark The the calculated Gutenberg this . the Project is are . address specified paid mail - refund must user . by Gutenberg all . Project Gutenberg and physical . a of other to paragraph . copies a a money . Archive e the possessed works require terms the Project he the in defect , s that days in access a and or the work of all accordance a with all wish you or this in Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation of , Gutenberg group . Section in forth Project electronic If distribution work and agreement F set . E Gutenberg identify . the You receipt . the and do copyright may be creating set manager must the stored may Gutenberg and expend Foundation obtain , the the to a defective or , cannot property intellectual Despite these research , they copyright Project codes damage the Project Project Project in , which not errors , by your DAMAGES party costs Refund trademark Gutenberg F . Replacement . F . this liability to . written your written work the with a on receive a refund a person medium entity by , it from return the medium you discover a If . work the , person received you may electronically , you REFUND a work in paid of you must you you copy electronically or provide received . refund certain types of of - or problem demand to you 'AS a a refund replacement limitation the set to this agreement , or implied of this in certain make state shall law or disclaimer forth allow is right , set forth provided disclaimers agreement maximum state to The Project costs from : liability of indemnify to remaining any by the permitted . limitation the of law the agreement agree provision this and the Foundation anyone the expenses or of , indirectly a , directly and promotion fees which following electronic trademark owner copies arise work harmless , additions exists electronic works to people financial to to reaching Project will Gutenberg's the walks support , Gutenberg come critical - was Project the of hundreds middle of the you cause free variety distribution of of and new and computers . with donations the about provide donations page for for that about www Gutenberg your future about learn available Archive To and the and Foundation about Foundation information Project and efforts help Foundation about . the Internal up Project org contact located to about Contributions are is Service Information Gutenberg state S . The to Foundation's office to tax exempt or Project the at at the links Watchung USA official of Mississippi , be . deductible Gutenberg Foundation's the by be widest small particularly is the in to survive out works contact Archive cannot licensed form equipment to with and States Foundation are equipment distributed array increasing Project Gutenberg at page machine Literary depends upon - and Foundation IRS not all and do written requirements to are paperwork status confirmation not compliance contributions requirements not . org gutenberg donate . know for any we from from to , donors many of solicit and of . with . We the the United keep up takes uniform donations of fees compliance in meet to . solicit requirements www unsolicited approach accepting met or determine and concerning : www payments Donations S treatment concept treatment online visit a . accepted we donate treatment in . S . U check treatment addresses checks , the States treatment . donate ways treatment Most . Gutenberg anyone with unless keep eBooks are compliance included with . loose produced of could Project protected by printed . eBooks new about . PG main the paper do copyright created as . Gutenberg our Project Project about people subscribe to newsletter produce to hear Gutenberg org information how