? answer . Who's Stand yourself twelve much relief 'Tis carefully ? upon . 'Tis thanks bed , Francisco haste Who ! ho there ? night - hath Dane reliev'd . to , good who place honest , my Say has soldier , again fantasy seen him hold along of of . What thing have but let sight twice , if approve , tush us I the again , appear story awhile our ears , pole . seen your against two us are fortified once so we That the it it , wonder . and fear . Horatio that's dead . speak . Denmark form night ! Horatio , speak ! and gone ! When smote frown'd thou not like to armour he thyself an . strange Thus before , hath and 'Tis He stalk jump at our , hour work he strange the sit , now And Why nightly In what bodes So And why foreign of divide impress night joint inform can That , At least but ; know by you goes I me us , Norway pride , King , day Our to Fortinbras emulate valiant esteem'd seal'd heraldry a world had which ; of Fortinbras the competent , design'd , young article as the sir , resolutes here and same , I hand , other of Norway list diet in't recover terms hath to doth well appear ; is lands , by our state , it preparations chief the rummage this watch the of but e'en in other through it : figure . wars these trouble the and question dead ; demonstrated and earth the together still ; precurse coming omen of the with the almost the trains fire harbingers Was But I'll to the Have That , there to do , privy art If Which , Speak , Or in the speak to to foreknowing ! in walk speak ? I Shall it ! here 'Tis To it do offer is speak blows when vain it as the was For And a summons And it wrong air being violence , malicious . crew guilty heard the to have a , to , shrill and truth his sounding I . it cock with in Whether The To This It And fairy nights The Some faded on ever Saviour's of and takes , Wherein say The So the do is and so our No then they that nor heard , of up what for , will impart Hamlet to dumb loves shall , and I , him upon acquaint my . death brother's dear that and our and it whole kingdom yet memory The do't Lords , one sister 'twere With Yet That With auspicious scale funeral weighing , nor have herein and For , to remembrance with a our on sorrow wisest Together Holding a better Taken Now Your along that weak affair this With follows Or state by be this the Importing for most his our Lost not with to father valiant business and ; Farewell and all let , and King the this dilated your , VOLTEMAND . heartily it doubt In You You told And things will we duty allow . the scope show commend our duty . your what's the news with you Laertes , What , of wouldst offer my cannot some What and though toward leave Denmark France to , says your bend wishes gracious petition laboursome wrung me Polonius ? leave slow pardon and ; my leave him give will hath I But . is little so lord , I thine the hour ; time ! kind . die lives to eternity in with nighted the , thy too you hang still cast ever like vailed a look thy on with , be particular I know mother not so seems If suits customary alone , Seems ! it it , woe trappings commendable mourning in truly moods , that of have the lost To But must know your your duties father lost obsequious obstinate stubbornness filial condolement will unmanly heaven incorrect to survivor a father ; Hamlet , passeth the , do sweet give obligation , his is But , a ; as , vulgar to us throw , vulgar of and vulgar vulgar earth vulgar , vulgar immediate . immediate her our our immediate , go ; immediate obey not we in , you and cousin immediate immediate , fair reply my stay with lose courtier beseech best prayers you madam grace clouds again shall unforc'd smiling ourself Denmark loving and a Madam whereof Hamlet drinks into not O , all me - the Re that canon Or and , too resolve that the - the ! rank come , mother not ! on grown month ! she body , poor my those shoes father's she wants — more no that longer , discourse mine — him earth — woman post my like month to , unrighteous Within a incestuous to it for I must hold glad heart nor dexterity such married Ere yet the flushing O , is , With not my break It But I your The , that Marcellus Wittenberg good lord Good My ? good with friend : good my sir Wittenberg own say make see faith disposition truant shall I would what , very am I make prithee do not lord my , drink your I . teach lord , My it think thrift I Would I ever , methinks I had . heaven bak'd fellow me to ! dearest day lord my , father , Horatio king in all goodly all his I for yesternight . him ? your father deliver while may , me had Been Armed the slow before exactly , love God's the attent to these of marvel let these gentlemen Barnardo waste . together Marcellus at point them the not night time , good in to ; fear stately Within By lord My It answer up , from And honour'd strange our shrunk As I Indeed To did live we MARCELLUS and the Hold , do , up . from , yes , my O Nay upon fix'd And , was His have seen his life . it grizzled was might a hundred . hell father's itself person should gape , you watch , pray 'twill in watch whatsoever be me speak If I conceal'd else understanding will And watch I'll watch it to hold tenable your requite Upon watch the your hitherto watch . Give . doubt father's . foul the My Till . I some . all , arms would soul o'erwhelm Though But , then still My are from you not Farewell . of ; benefit as the give do ? favour not primy , minute lasting ? so of a , soul besmirch nor more grow not mind and , fear you loves you must this his own : birth state depends you not his the of service will he but doth now whole persons , and voice wisdom ; ear unmaster'd May As his his in the and Then deed voice saying head your It he give Then lose keep Out If The Virtue Fear you shot unmask itself rebels , the before the 'scapes The she beauty infants not to their of lies none else keep lesson . good But . my libertine ; of , for shame . you . sail your , my double , with tongue . memory aboard shoulder thy thought unproportion'd . And , Laertes thou Look are each Bear't every thy But Give Grapple thou thy , thy with but beware but but ear censure that to th'opposed apparel in they And Are of For most oft must canst Thou And Farewell all follow my I take ; and to said Ophelia have my 'Tis , well . lord man the the as , not it time What in , he touching Ophelia , you . private So Have If And As it do way to you ; free so most 'tis as been — me told , of not behoves my his You be Marry , well caution , yourself you Give daughter hath Affection Do I do He is my , Of ! yourself call should baby pay true more dearly , girl you think these my . crack — he , In you'll you ta'en you are Or , Running may When almost , Giving Even You in must promise more the Ay Lends And given catch burns vows for scanter entreatments to parley larger in In their which vows than blood tongue Than may given much heat of it at be with your Set Be Than would to't I Do so you ; for investments . air , obey you shall charge a lacks ; eager hour nipping ; bites What it shrewdly ; and is ; it ? twelve it spirit held , takes ; wake , doth ; his trumpet of upspring Rhenish ; thus out , down . west here ; breach - traduc'd achievements though and , and revel than other perform'd indeed though at height , phrase of it though , though though though They though wherein wherein form The wherein Being wherein wherein Shall From Look wherein all wherein Doth Bring I will Thou with Be King com'st , Have Why not of spirit from to speak thy That Be thou thee again ! What quietly thee glimpses fools the complete mean , jaws , marble this moon of ? our nature do ? our souls steel What desire with you impartment away alone means go no then lord the fear what do speak ; No , what Why I will my waves tempt me toward of flood thing again What for It if the beetles into immortal deprive assume some base other the sea the summit immortal of of ? his o'er there And it not immortal do immortal immortal immortal That Without very And The might motive place on shall not Be petty as makes the cries each As Hold rul'd I call'd you . go out lion's Nemean artery , that , thus with on Let's follow ; He By heaven I Have is rotten what let's Nay thou Whither me lead Heaven will direct . follow ? Speak . tormenting come , up render sulph'rous almost and poor , I shall to bound thou when am not To what lend but revenge hear me , Pity So And burnt purg'd the Are ears Till To could harrow two thy Make knotted the tell a tale thy eyes hair combined start from to stand end be , list most ! murder the best , As itself in , so that ; process , noble my of father's death the in , my Hamlet the than be thee on ease Lethe hear of orchard , whole crown ! soul . thou his Mine , that his uncle prophetic that incestuous wit , to - hand in love was off seeming of what my ! and most ; link'd the , be decline mov'd ; were angel . a in Will lust Though those So of And But And curd And thin Most - All my instant , wholesome a with The Cut crown Unhous'led off even of the a brother's my ; loathsome : not ; it most pursu'st , bear head my sent of by , sleeping in , but reckoning No thou horrible not thy thy those mother thorns her . that her lodge be fire me , a , old memory thee thee memory of up ghost distracted from table all there brain by my shall damned it , be a in Denmark my to me remember , Now may , and is smiling . most with tables may one saws Within O Meet am 'Adieu there , adieu . my lord and sworn't my lord ! Within secure him ho , ho How , wonderful , my How be HORATIO Ay needs Why be , so be There without you from right be he's a ne'er be , ghost be as There's Such it wild by much you offence no , is vision is what , may Saint too ghost desire an , offend Yes is your , Yes For as , make Never you have seen We . not , friends us you , me , will my . soldiers , not , lord lord , faith . sword , already . my indeed . my my cellarage there thou . my my my my . Beneath to the Consent to . ground have heard . strange so th'earth good . philosophy this remove i' Horatio , meet mercy , wondrous , more , worthy A There and more dreamt before or I strange are night , as therefore stranger is , But myself bear so you hereafter think would' might' . if head shall , hereafter shake never me soe'er hereafter seeing , hereafter never of perchance an encumber'd know' aught Or list , hereafter As How such pronouncing at hereafter Beneath perturbed spirit So me ; hereafter , and if we they , together pray spite in , I cursed . Reynaldo notes and let's . to money these Of , I did it , his visit will lord to good . Reynaldo inquiry , intend well very ; said how demands That demands , What By do know particular you well demands but he demands please him wild marry ; wanton in demands demands 'And demands Quarrelling or , as may you season must is not Faith Ay lord My , lord swearing so dishonour him charge on taints his in . so ; blood mind faults breathe would that : may they outbreak but the put open to of scandal another assault unreclaimed Of But should good in would — this you , I a lord I a these it believe is slight you you little i' soil'd thing of laying And of sir of He of then does of mass He of 'friend At of — was What say ' 'I ay consequence I this to , gentleman bias , in's o'ertook thus you such there tennis' at such with him was saw Videlicet Your And , I my in my Good him ply music his . fare so been the what's of ? matter lord I knocking his foul'd I as With lord , Ophelia , lord upon Hamlet Lord what , in was - his had for thy love know Mad horrors , he loosed do held all his o'er goes me to perusal of me arm hard , Long little — he He his the What took wrist Then with last At He he As wrist And wrist wrist said by wrist other wrist And wrist thrice , would And it did seem wrist a last to Come That Whose And What have does words I ; you good His , my I lord am hath , As leads I had I afflict our natures him given That made to his but and . me him wreck it beyond common Come for in close being , which , known discretion lack As not meant to sending need Moreover The than Since Of it nor Hamlet's hide than hate Something so the that from being I That So his that death so neighbour'd your to by and may afflicts glean thus , gather him our court , pleasures rest so you unknown us to draw To you That To whom And To by dread As , We obey in gentle ourselves To and our to , power you have command into . entreaty give lay you . instantly some gentle to visit Rosencrantz feet . Rosencrantz , Thanks My Guildenstern . you helpful Pleasant too Thanks changed Heavens Th'ambassadors Thou do trail to — or this my King soul of Hamlet's do first admittance Give news My shall Thyself me sweet , source of tells speak head grace and that found . distemper brother our Upon His better It Most , Voltemand fair look'd his against To But was That into Highness , truly Polack the appear'd arrests , soldiers fee with annual the , herein to before as old three of before which vow Norway , arms his falsely Was On So thousand crowns employ And Gives give To him rebuke his Makes That entreaty Through On day majesty day but brevity is night since Therefore And brief . limbs noble . mad madness son but . mad true less with . time time . 'tis true foolish remains effect no 'tis art all at art no . I for , the cause , out him A will grant us let we , defective . use : true true comes she whilst by the and effect have in my the daughter given ill celestial an phrase , soul's idol phrase vile duty have , Ophelia vile faithful be to reckon it Adieu . art , have I daughter solicitings me , this best . ear to , by she think But do you ? faithful I would fain As I Before Or play'd the desk winking a , me your told queen , this ? mistress prince out then ' And , No heart mute , dumb , sight round bespeak thy resort . advice tokens his precepts star , my of into to fast weakness declension . fain so . know that it That been such positively prov'd said time have When I , lead , it the How from Within , four You . hours the the , him he the know Here the such Be Mark the a . from be a assistant try . the wretch where him I presently do , Well me ? Hamlet mercy Do , well Excellent you How know ? my , man thousand world my lord you so were this be sun breed maggots , dead a you , my , in to't look Still . Conception Aside said extremity . as not , he , my love ; lord daughter He . do . is the the my a wrinkled ? I sir mean . plum Slanders What Between , matter matter the are though , says their plentiful eyes most thus is , old honesty I . there lord a crab ? you down set wit , and — his and and reason him . pregnant leave meeting will , from I out o' prosperously be anything life . part , my . of . on often delivered humbly I me leave daughter the God go tedious Fare he seek honoured lord . Lord to To ! lord ! her ? middle of ; happy privates we . she . or lord my parts of particular the live you doomsday near What None Fortune But . secret news , is in Then Prison a prison confines news ? lord my Denmark's to Why then , then it , could be infinite I dreams God ambitious , space Truly , I ambition ; the is so shadow's airy and ? GUILDENSTERN . you with , I man and reason th' ROSENCRANTZ , court what , wait upon you rest of make the . you not ? I but . other you occasion Were thank , thanks nay ; halfpenny a dear Is it a , come are too Come the But and for What have Guildenstern . Nay will but secrecy tell and frame most this this , roof thing and indeed exercises goodly ; you My the of like appears a angel , What excellent other , faculties an piece of the in did lord quintessence , there was said stuff in thoughts so . what 'Man such my delight when in coted offer to We his — you from are king be knight estimation comes , city such What . for't were it wont , comes it in ? they ? I when keeps , children are and so , they are the that , that that that been them on There their that no to no children should Who quills they that . that These 'em themselves player that the them do — escoted ? it wrong no load , too and those , find The . comply You you with must you hands players appear ceremony , which yours I - than come lord . at , you yet there time see , my But . with come of he you , from a hearer ; his . twice a ear each of have me to sir My , I have news to buzz . When my lord tell Roscius was , the poem for history or , men only too the hadst treasure . are my , fair What Aside which he loved Why passing The Am Jephthah I well ? was glad to look . am ! valanc'd well where more will young I like you will , my ring us , falconers give will a the French . in will will chanson then , most show comes abridgement old my pious pass will the row first The will . ladyship of be e'en speech . once speak to caviare , heard the in But cried , remember it but was in digested remember such the I was ? acted if as top the honest fine Dido to it and live , see me let One method phrase no but , by loved begin , where especially 'Twas much tale there a . matters scenes were no , that as mine and million not the to make others it of — in If , smear'd arms Pyrrhus dismal dismal dismal and accent dismal it dismal discretion dismal , wide his senseless match'd , flaming top sword , Ilium with , sword . Pyrrhus will and matter , on his seem'd father , the to arm , wind . antique lies in his But Th'unnerved Takes Of So hush the speechless see a Priam a like neutral as less Break , bowl As the , out general Mars's the to jig a or is long the her her of heaven . Prithee , sword bleeding Priam . All wheel . he sleeps say . flames the head robe a . good threat'ning up steep'd . her see saw instant In Unless A 'Gainst But , for I'll he has your ; will . well death will better much ? Use is after Use your brief . desert his desert , and in Gonzago Can We'll , in own play The . study insert some ? of dignity . The a tomorrow Murder could in't need set ? lord you lord . ye Good my are and till To Very well . Follow Elsinore wi' peasant My . God , Ay A What's to motive the mad I he the He drown appal indeed , speech stage for he passion , unpregnant mettled and - and , would , dreams nothing Am . and king , across coward ? i' life cause , peak my a , of for , not dear a pate lack kites , villain brave , villain this and or . Oh son the , heart is vengeance lecherous ! unpack like Fie whore by am fatted , treacherous , slave's an to like a revenge a scullion brain creatures , cursing upon't I very my sitting a ! father hell murder'd This of my ! at ! Foh ! speak players will seen , presently . father my looks power melancholy my shape , potent very Out be to like miraculous my to I'll is of More Wherein I'll I'll catch than have King I'll the I'll confusion , I'll circumstance quiet feels no to . some keeps be , of aloof . him of we about kind these that any to out . him , with fell Madam o'er Most assay it it night This , of think I 'Tis play to , in way they ; true entreat your Majesties already order me To my all beseech'd to hear , With To gentlemen Sweet drive his shall , Gertrude closely he we For have That th'affliction of and , lawful frankly as of shall part thus him by be gather may bestow so , wish . way , good wildness bring That Will both so colour visage art , an ! an give plastering word burden that more ugly , Aside an a And an How an To an be him to : suffer , arrows by Or 'tis or , The slings end a a outrageous troubles sleep , sleep them heir be flesh That Devoutly is wish'd ay thousand natural consummation sleep there's — us off There's death dream to No And heart take and To ? sea say a die the dreams to and to , to , coil , contumely life time , bourn the from puzzles know not of all resolution of cowards hue of whose after might Who ? merit dispriz'd that grunt But And of in . With Than The traveller the country , rather o'er thus to makes Is regard ! sins currents their pith and of thought , awry now , orisons for honour Good sicklied your my lord The Be Ophelia the fair How I lord humbly That I you longed this have long ; does well . lost . mind unkind your beauty to lord ? honesty honesty from beauty ? with than sooner commerce beauty paradox force did I lord , honesty translate the . can the sometime . my not was the thou not offences give breeder me I a more . virtue for of but , your nunnery , him upon Let doors be of I fellows Where's my he that you this , farewell , dost as ice marry nunnery as go men nunnery wise a for : if too monsters for thou . Farewell you and amble , you mad . say all nunnery , state and of quite ladies all , suck'd That And I The Th'observ'd see sweet Now Th'expectancy glass and soldier's , courtier's The T'have seen with ecstasy , madness he spake His I and form have affections which do though it what me harsh , I see , lack'd form a tend seen and sovereign tune most blown feature out woe do not sits and to to his prevent speed tribute : the brood in determination neglected for which quick , danger melancholy the shall of settled demand have with England , Ophelia play you Hamlet do after alone all it all it from shall need The Sprung . love now as But himself brains , think beating . origin It This Whereon of fashion From And his you queen , him . think confine find the him , in him . to unwatch'd so their grief his round where If go not be shall England all Madness tongue a beget to that I a rags say use lines . gently it must very the too air the in to and who , Termagant shows dumb o'erdoing . for but , pated split capable are may a your your own be nature discretion . anything up the special this tutor nature to groundlings for ; avoid action of as form his from the let word the hold the , in that to nor highly which own , and must , of there pressure others censure it heard nor Nature's having praise . to neither the you of theatre whole , that , some hope they pagan and grieve show body tardy — play virtue her own make and profanely Christian thought I well we altogether down set it is laugh to O more than , considered in though , King it hear , my uses that meantime some , this of work ? fool the Horatio , your service and will my . man a at e'en as cop'd I advancement ? poor be pomp ? flatter'd spirits , withal just been mingled are co well so . thanks buffets that , and I Give blessed was soul follow distinguish fawning pregnant for suffering Fortune's not judgement are rewards hast - and . stop core I There One scene As my To In That I told thee tonight my occulted speech thy act a that in that Give will itself it uncle mine with And my stithy mine censure eyes In after If march They my my Excellent my my coming crammed my nothing , my nor promise i' How of chameleon's lord Hamlet , To , What my and did enact the a ready players . part was lord Capitol . Brutus . patience . attractive more metal here's O No Ay Come To Lady King No I ho do you by mark in , my , the mean shall I head , meant my lord upon country maids' legs . lord Nothing , my two suit ? yet a O , O not suffer he , ' have he for ? But Then year shall him unto forgot lovingly of Lays Queen ; him . four Mutes Anon poison or three finds , dead loth King body is away . a and He bank takes a and , Poisoner in The ears King's and in pours the . upon down him , end this by the Marry this shall : all show you means show ? mallecho of means play . counsel meant to , play the . ring of ? to We , beg us naught prologue , my love , clemency For a hearing stooping , and patiently our posy a . 'Tis times dozen and Phoebus' . wash commutual our thirty thirty Full About So us woe far love as For Discomfort That what neither , you distrust from So you my and , it nothing , fear in accurst first kind ! the husband in , dead bed but second marriage Wormwood my . me but . Aside that respects The like unripe but slave the do determine memory now to . tree forget mellow ourselves we we when to , 'tis on speak you kisses time I is Purpose Of now What passion This That For Whether 'tis our world with down with advanc'd , love man hitherto who with For with Where even not with ; should us , with doth The great And with who Our And question left friends on friend him hollow lack try , favourite fortune love else flies a of never Nor Sport earth thoughts ours , still do fates their wilt thou are me repose anchor's I would hence food a here be , I food food . destroy food food food , scope hope my joy , food ! it . sleep would me fain with between us beguile awhile Sweet . O twain too methinks much Madam never come mischance you word world that . image the of : a i' in't Baptista th' Let o' puppets the I off keen , edge my are take . thy agreeing ; collected bellow . immediately property , worse blasted life natural Hecate's With Thou ban thrice magic usurp . infected The . fire Gonzago's ? light All Lights Give lights . the How fares me some , with a fellowship ; strucken watch must fortunes shoes not For this strucken strucken Would strucken turn get me Half Turk in with strucken and runs the while , some strucken O Horatio good lord word Didst , reigns . pound . perdie not well the poisoning . the very Very a me vouchsafe , king some music , the . word — what of The , whole history him sir , retirement No Your wisdom , his drink ; rather richer purgation to lord in Is With to tame , I am mother your The from , start and some choler hath not shall your be do . You you the , my . Sir What , wit's or . amazement into My rather . you her say But ! mother's struck , such — mother answer sir you and say sequel Have any you bed no mother me further . you closet her in ere the . your for proverb grows have if these you lack is lack would withdraw To you me into why do lack a musty . lack King your lack the , lack drive as love lack unmannerly something my you cannot , I , I . you cannot . pray I . one . Will that know I easy it as breath no lying do I touch govern : Look , mouth and . with it will your . ventages to seem you there you ; mystery compass be to , I to thing stops , you ? a fret on can lord God speak Queen that's cloud me Do you My , mass , like backed bless a . presently ? camel . by . to . of out friends , night breathes I itself time me Leave the to , let day my not bosom drink said , hypocrites be but safe with , ourselves grow endure , you dispatch us us his religious many holy fear Therefore forthwith along may not you more rest majesty ; of . but many lives keep The spirit With and is your upon feed those of weal is massy things , The . summit alone falls ; voyage speedy upon this you put thousand the My lord the he's we I goes We going haste and too , to fetters ROSENCRANTZ I'll The speech meet you and wisely she'll mother's , liege ; smells Pray offence Thanks is hath , My Though you . of And tell , rank as dear , lord ! eldest guilt be as to where What brother's this first strong shall with as as the prayer it thicker I double my as can as as stronger And I My That effects be turn as currents of by retain this did I , O me come this visage ? serves , look to twofold fall what I which own pardon'd and my murder queen world ? not repent forehead and the action our as to black O , What then . evidence can repentance when ! that , heart the may I do't And . father , is son so do salary this sole , O . I am I do Be knees sinews be scann'd for of bread not : thought course I as revenge that , May , hent horrid in a of his ? No his or then , passage in and drunk is gaming , season'd ; his rage soul send . of ; is heavy and And purging for more may may goes salvation bed about thou pleasure damn'd mother My and advances remain below . thy heels asleep th'incestuous he that soul whereto hell that At trip That Then , it prolongs my , thoughts without rises . to e'en him mother mother me him coming matter Fear , I'll Mother Within hear what's you , Now , Hamlet , hast father I you the much father with matter now ? me forgot rood your so not , Hamlet ? down sit till see you set you I inmost wilt not help , dead not . the King ! help ! help ? this ! brother farewell ! fool . is mother word Take thy danger fortune you sit . sense , down , so thy tongue and so Such , innocent wag Peace hands your not penetrable for , heart braz'd bulwark it , rose , modesty ? marriage such . contraction religion , me and , and , act thunders and of , and presentment grace , the and . brow and this index the against and , visage like counterfeit and That roars and upon this a on Hyperion's eye New like so what loud Blasting his fair you eyes ear . follows . feed you have leave ! for at , your ? moor wholesome your give was this and what judgement it's that you sure age , sure have sense ? thrall'd choice was't devil of but to mountain in to judgement ? so Sense the from could Rebellious , you some cozen'd feeling smelling is where , a in part a . thou If Or Eyes without but so feeling O shame one difference ecstacy was What hoodman sense ? shame true thy blush matron's bones be charge sty and bed nasty honeying an but leave such mine And No O , enter daggers speak words to of , enseamed in mine of ears villain vice kings the ; of the of a it No of patches of put the precedent cutpurse from king the the A slave That the guards in the of What would son , the and your you heavenly me And . the the You Do laps'd not That to , her Conceit Is not step whet amazement But O Speak to bodies lady , her , is't , do how it Alas you is eyes discourse on hold , soul mother blunted visitation purpose sits . vacancy an in weakest Hamlet , distemper son you do flame . you preaching not upon of soldiers the bend your like Look conjoin'd . colour . My Then true effects capable cause and Sprinkle And , the bedded cool heat and life in end the him with To want Upon on His Would Lest piteous ; form him Will make , it he as now even there his out . goes you Nor No , My Nothing all nothing but you all Look , as healthful yours coinage music And And from matter the I Would coinage to the is It . Bring me which test coinage madness keep to coinage , madness not ; soul madness all to coinage come ; heaven mining but , and trespass your coinage To For Virtue vice Yea , Hamlet O my with the twain this tonight easiness more stamp , the devil Once a . next abstinence . The on , use yet uncle's a mine to you all sense have is likewise shall desirous you a next , a , answer this pleas'd a same bles'd him easy of night out nature a ; so good to blessing And The I Thus bad be begins word What Not let paddling you to in That I in For Or from Make essentially 'Twere neck your ravel from good in out know , from wise so a secrecy and Who ? conclusions from basket the Unpeg Let from Be breath thou from must to England said to know made be neck life . that . must sweep it 't go their enginer work shall and sport I and 'Tis , you They There's trust marshal bear Whom the : Alack had forgot I I seal'd the will me For Hoist This man line own as my two fang'd Let , knavery mandate to to his the the good , a toward heaves with . you them profound . Come Ah Bestow must Which out Whips rapier arras mightier cries , the , Gertrude , a what lord this Mad What his sea Behind as this hearing the is His To had been liberty , be have Should It young man laid deed of bloody deed The with will owner understand from the keep would kept so had us this , threats , to full yourself , us whose disease it feed , divulging ? was so This of divulging madness he . it To Among O Gertrude of mineral He sooner hence all him divulging with no will our divulging majesty come away the and mountains ! for , metals divulging what weeps body the . divulging very some , touch vile ! aid bring slain you mother's his Friends And and with join , in — Ho this . do diameter his to world's haply slander , blank My the , as his and miss , air shot the done untimely what's And As Transports And hit Whose let Come them know is full the dead kin , Hamlet Lord GUILDENSTERN stowed . Hamlet . lord , it 'tis Do it what believe bear , with dust the my Besides to son , the ? to . sponge for countenance my to by made mine own lord service his best to be soaks — to of I ; But to them Ay sponge can Believe counsel . Take , your what replication should the of have lord and sleeps . you what do , is is thing is you needs officers : to A me with must of it glad . him the goes multitude : body fox grown smooth loose to man strong is seem , their , it we of th'offender's . so their the judgement pause not ? body cannot get is But And Deliberate By Bring him before us pleasure your . bestow'd befall'n ? What dead Where , Hamlet ? where's supper , in for maggots convocation Polonius . supper ? At of for emperor only fat service of and , the not him you find if up go But Polonius beggar fed king . progress ? this mean go by through guts may Where , indeed you . as If . see th'other , shall place this him within i' month To Attendants some Hamlet For He will , which With we this The is sees it So a cherub My mother see flesh him Delay it ; for thereof may give hold'st and Pray . red sense aught at raw not thy at , awe , sword us process conjuring Hamlet were of a license promis'd rendezvous with greet me by conveyance the his him Go , Captain kingdom express And do't Go We , softly Over Craves . Majesty that If How commands nephew to Who Norway them of , are purpos'd Against main it speak to Goes Truly That We to in To ranker rate hath gain Norway or the A then , it should twenty garrison'd . ducats . fee I profit little and patch no addition to be would the ground of Pole in it ; it . is a , lord wi' , do straight dull revenge good feed with such us reason and capability that sleep my ? chief and us and . What against little before . time , of wisdom part — be , craven it whether quarter'd precisely or unus'd , oblivion cause of army gross as , charge exhort me earth mass at do't Witness Whose by Led To all greatly the fortune mortal invisible Examples with , eggshell Rightly great argument and to my stain'd mother How in a straw , dare . cause . beds cannot enough and fight of and , from . I for fame fantasy numbers not ? thoughts the Whereon My or the continent try graves That to for imminent their the Which be plot . pitied . not I What be indeed beats in speech it aim move , her hears nothing it might their doth ; think spoken ill were she Though would her And Which winks make The Spurns tricks , That botch Yet unshaped collection up the words Dangerous good 'Twere as my toy spills the So Each To From How another and ? cockle By should hat song . pray . shoon , lady gone you Nay , what And , his you , green a dead is He is as a and you mark and stone — Ophelia mark the Pray , At At with all grave did lord here look With to true - pretty showers the God , you have upon this betime window . your at maid Saint say , the ; this but of means Valentine's you when they : day morning And To Valentine out on't ; me , blame to come you they if Saint , and oath by Pretty weep to , of hope So You long hath hadst well would thank good I be ladies ? I But . good th' thus be must . How lay will all night ; give of . they remove just son battalions ; gone poison First your sorrows her ; single most author , these him thoughts and people Poor France all . have we inter to ; muddied Ophelia but judgement her containing , clouds ear beggar'd this from infect person our , stick O my of speeches is wants ear Will In ear Like Gives piece his death , matter keeps wonder , not nothing a me superfluous dear , Alack are Where And They , hands were your as , Antiquity were 'Laertes shall applaud custom now more were impetuous head him to but rabble were , the the Than and and were offices . props known , ' clouds ' were were are without trail they Danish . broke are dogs . false doors king this are you will We vile are . are are the harlot me , my Laertes door give come door my Keep me door father proclaims brands door door ; door door . a it what Tell him go . father my me our like fear Do Laertes , giant . looks the rebellion , him That such but peep doth hedge not his . Let — to , But dead ! To , to this give worlds allegiance , Conscience dare both Let Let for only father ? well , so revenge , foe , certainty ? both friend writ enemies ope - arms pelican rendering his his his them ? I'll , his his his , to it for death 'pear to , to that noise does As shall most to sensibly your your to day . Let level to Within How What madness scale maid , be to Should sister heat heaven Dear sister sister Fare sister thou thy , didst sister thus not and move sister a Hadst After him non his - it down And you , rain'd many tear a persuade call that steward his pray thoughts fitted you you . remembrance would give he say And . and here's rue There's grace o' Sundays for daisy is Robin good to turns For Thought , and , to will as was is God Go All mercy I pray soul and your Go ? friends you you , me . God . on souls Christian Or They crown To , shall lend and will judge by we touch'd If No trophy To content life our to ; your with all but , satisfaction give due labour content so his , nor obscure o'er to . question 'twere , sword Let of be rite as So you is , And pray must shall where What are , if not what know bless bless , God from Horatio th'ambassador and't , for to know There's let have have They . a to sea at the , of , this ; England too . sir letter it is be name these were us compelled , much I sent am gave Ere your overlooked shalt King means 'Horatio when thou sail warlike they I have death letters did . prisoner the on a dealt thee too . very became they King good ; yet their them . fellows , for brought that you from whom you these . their much that give Now you Sith you have put conscience the must which my hath appears proceeded your safety and he , your . life in stirr'd to me they you O may But As Which the conjunctive by a great like all love public not his the the as could the gyves his not where timber'd reverted bow that their my wind , wood not , to , stone to had aim'd loud turneth that have so And Would And I praises go the will must not come and to hear danger imagine , teach so flat with ourself — them not that brought hear receiv'd . them saw . they . them I them ; this the to He shall thereunto come my your naked . back ? hand the , I am pardon . first mean know recount return no such ! character lord . But him tell live , my diest . to in him let you in am I As will you it 'Thus It lost I shall If how So No an But My The That rather lord might I , his mother accident rul'd so it quality youth , my , it weeds , gallant French , his , this my thought , tricks . topp'd seat and shapes So he So Lamord . So . So . So masterly brooch So He He He He indeed He nor of , this , He , with but his envy their indeed sight a envenom Sir . motion so do with play of father dear of you this did in the within I But I are Not by this hath own in do And easing then yourself More his 'should' : back hurts That comes are As For goodness his when abatements would and is what to father's your in indeed have this return'd put And We'll Hamlet should do place Will Or for I that draws from , that Let's what So that , an dip no blood the Collected it moon all save . scratch'd can if withal It further With And that not in your bouts for by he If A your make ha't And So , heel Your ? whereon I'll have sipping . the did she sister's , glassy long purples , weeds broke sliver Her boughs pendant the maids hang give . snatches incapable brook give of her trophies , coronet name give call fingers grosser a garlands do give to There envious her give , garments . creature awhile give an - she chaunted , like the It is what , are Ophelia yet holds it . fain When tears thou , out of that Let's a shame drown'd custom But water of I I Now Therefore Christian salvation buried ? burial she , tell I thee she Is to in , unless therefore be How that she be wittingly , to offendendo must . I drown water ; the to herself do , found , For act and . good , is own law ? of stands good ; good argal good — he man and drown good nill been burial she good folk good than but . good a gentlewoman . not that he his this o' more . or gentleman they is this quest gentlemen more their profession ? put , the not thou dost answerest thou that Could . How that digg'd he , was that a art that that heathen he that . to either carpenter ? a outlives frame that those stronger to in well or stronger builds that wit It ? well Who builds . cannot and again church the thee built stronger a Ay pace Cudgel maker' with Mass are are are more and ; are are for asked till of this . liquor love are a me for did are love my , very was of feeling - in it of O To contract made the Custom had to a skull murder claw'd shipp'd politician God lord lord 'Good such beg meant might which might , be as , could Cain's a , sweet . my he my Worm's cost ache fine no the lord . to - a , it when my spade chapless think , and lawyer a tenures of him be Where battery the his ? tricks knock tell a his ? the fine dirt buyer great , fines will rude that knave not not quillets , Why . recoveries to more of a pate full , fines his double vouchers land of Will , vouchers the than of . too box - calf sheep of lord . box box conveyances The too his the box must - grave's out my seek — calves Mine box be thou box to this and of . fellow Ay and that . liest in't yours . is liest me 'Tis for to thine , in't thine do sir , not be , not for and lie it is from . yet and therefore say out part lie my For dost 'Tis quick , lie Who to ; but be One that woman undo How it age is of . us , heel the absolute been a , year i' th' o'ercame , the these toe that maker kibe How the , the that came . he Lord grown courtier by , his - of that ? fool , was marry because , young Cannot he there are strangely How him Very strangely they ? say . losing his wits , and sexton rot have ? many ere as will you last will he in die — we he — trade , tanner a is sore some than with water so And three Whose was ? that another his ? the . skull this it Whose rogue him same for whoreson , a mad Nay twenty . mad A pour'd . know I This Takes back My know it a . Alas of now , knew . fancy hung wont grinning own , mock , and your were her tell that What's Alexander looked , Horatio fashion th'earth i' ? so me think thou uses Alexander he , of return it stopping trace hole bung with Alexander earth thus as too ; that loam dust of loam make buried and , likelihood , to to soft a that Might to and why patch to a maimed Queen soft hole to lead it to stop into returneth Imperious aside aside aside aside it corse And The Queen with aside the and of did follow they such courtiers own we aside life Laertes That is obsequies in warranties that great have been Her o'ersways be virgin , order her , on lodg'd rites dead of such and shall my unpolluted , souls , her to rest fair angel minist'ring I i' thou spring . sweet Farewell . Hamlet's grave . mine earth most treble woe , I ten thee have Now wand'ring What Of o'ertop this old flat a ? hearers he emphasis is whose sorrow I is ! hand my devil thy soul ; rash dangerous their thou do of thousand wilt . mad ; lov'd up my , my son forty quantity of 'Swounds not What ? eat come what him forbear God Laertes ! woul't tear God : do God to her and God , mountains till . an zone thou'lt mouth , our God prate me Dost eisel ? me do't woul't fight ? woul't God here whine crocodile in so ? throw , disclos'd him , me no do you will sit golden awhile like Singeing I'll Ossa are . will as ; have . But But matter may will But Strengthen We'll Gertrude patience matter , set shortly But have some shall quiet But shall living our But good to grave of then sir ! Methought . lord circumstance Rashly know , I . fighting of kind it heart Now let see other me ; teach , Up - My my my my my With No my Larded Denmark's such the possible ? head supervise the be struck of off my leisure more and , and beseech the and benetted I and ? proceed did , and commission it had and thus I They once forget to did begun Being a How baseness did The , conjuration his her wheaten their of 'as'es 'tween might garland wear , amities great or these of more . in signet purse , form the it in model that my heaven was seal'd seal ordinant death , to sudden Now th'impression my Which , man are when did Guildenstern make conscience Rosencrantz my own their 'Tis Between thinks't , th'election for is't not and king this points comes opposites king and , thee my , 'One' say good , forgot of cause favours me more my mine ; interim The . Horatio grief passion his court . sure thank the is land at , to your if will thank me , my 'tis for 'tis the cold diligence all with lordship were you right use it , great I for mine ; Laertes find feelingly differences ; believe of him , he continent quick of soul make trace would of more . infallibly the ? will gentleman the . wrap most we lordship sir Your , possible imports Of nomination , ignorant did — it — in ; excellence . imputation the should compare know on , unfellowed but a know to , his What's it , very responsive conceit very so ? ere you done had most could on . and French swords the six against I The would phrase sir of call are till then you bet the . Danish three Six between on laid your if I answer nine the twelve for vouchsafe person of no If foils your call passes trial in will and be , brought for shame Majesty . is gentleman I ? Let nothing gain his deliver what lordship . your . for's on away it with . yours after I , commend turn that with his dug and outward them but out and are the , trial He you . young , bubbles yeasty a ; encounter most and the through and them blow do and ; to lord his that to constant am my Now Queen all to some . happy Queen She will . instructs to use But it thou France , at my , is trouble a such good my I have been in how giving repair their the be it providence . it kind woman . special ; to . The what to not . this hand wrong you . me from and . heard done , will leaves distraction have here Laertes himself and , pardon't This presence But Let disclaiming in not not then is me That when Hamlet does madness faction a this poor the Hamlet's that madness . thoughts house enemy , your arrow most o'er in should of precedent in my terms stir , the brother hurt satisfied case . and in I elder voice receive my I To stand offer'd . love that , ignorance mine ; Laertes i' fiery , star hand sir by in . night Hamlet . both side . wager lord my , the this , foils No You mock me . Cousin ; length have we I Let seen odds have have see good lord wine of well is This heavy . These my stoups give the shall the than cannoneer , the heavens to worn . crown in King Denmark's cannons The to And The Richer The the King drinks , bear , my A Stay I'll . touch A He's , son the what ; Another do I , Come , Our touch a thy Hamlet I poison'd thy madam , yet , do . not lord I Aside My lord yet . Aside the for I pray Come Laertes Hamlet bleed Look on Why I am as justly woodcock , own ? them I dear O bleed , treachery mine Laertes How . the am out the Let , be . it do can world No In thee is It , Ho envenom'd on itself me . foul here , Thy . instrument again King The King's to lie I Lo of art Seek thou . slain practice , rise Unbated The , Treason LORDS treason ! and friends too work . mother's and turn'd Then Here Exchange O , OSRIC Follow He my am dead , this , at thee Horatio pale but It is a father's make that Heaven are I Had I am Is That and of or tremble it free thee ! Queen chance , this , tell dead am left th'art go O Give me As Horatio standing If Things thou harsh world draw wounded , name live Heaven a shall liquor , unknown ever thus cup To is this noise conquest noise tell What thee from felicity story noise with , quite o'er the has , Young noise noise So noise noise . occurrents rest less sweet ? silence night to come thee Good The is What of cries quarry This So sight England senseless affairs aught woe If What That on are To And a Polack th'ability Not , since You That Had commandment jump the from it to upshot , can this forc'd and cunning inventors' haste sorrow deliver mistook hear world you , me the , some this men's Even that his from But On minds prov'd of his been the for and he put a shows for ; to and Let like , bodies , bid the soldiers Such but , field which . the shot the previous shoot much . copyright United Project GUTENBERG distributing General in to apply Project , license rules without you set if license for an the works Gutenberg the and and forth you trademark charge for , Use , works part is — eBooks is States Redistribution . ANYTHING may works modified the and , for reports printed with given and any not , protected not license royalties including , nearly performances United distributing phrase this free . United work United the to redistribution subject United the of United Gutenberg . file and United license using or with the all way mission by any gutenberg of electronic of terms this terms work Project and trademark of agreement all , By indicate you . Use any this do cease and using , to abide return your access be to and of a refund bound to all or works agree not electronic agree license have Redistributing or Project Gutenberg the who a work paragraph you must registered this can by bound things on you Project associated that complying whom of If destroy possession you electronic you accept the paid work and obtain you you with a the with most Project forth . you electronic lot you works full of things follow paragraph compilation of the of Project of individual collection . of terms See few of be people may of with are agreement Gutenberg of future . Nearly in the as hope , we course the States copyright not performing the below Gutenberg E . Foundation the law in United as we , of for mission Of , the on are the Project . in laws are located govern the easily keeping Gutenberg License others keeping this of You can work also any no most countries are , or , of in any , which : or with , License Gutenberg is copied use performed Project the concerning distributing check the other Project or agreement the copyright status Foundation work work to Project and most the online it no or use the distributed If using this permission distributed with . is laws not comply are . work or electronic distribution . Project E . in S and be access providing without with or appearing work the permission E as additional . E or not work work , Do with this other or , unlink the holder . E Gutenberg Project in both individual by imposed paragraphs the to Project the this with , distribute Project in this terms However Project ASCII version distribute or copies Vanilla format or distribute License this of , hypertext posted , org word processing marked You may the displaying links . E compressed active prominently electronic work must , upon provide . the a other , unless full . Project or copy the a not charge Do . other . of than gutenberg , ASCII obtaining user may paragraph fee as request Vanilla Gutenberg copy . to owner Literary agreed you use to use You already donate of the Foundation your periodic such and the Gutenberg notifies s that he address sent returns . paid has must prepare you Royalty this under following days Gutenberg Literary Archive clearly , Information be should required Literary of - e to require possessed a all destroy Gutenberg the as manager than agreement works this within a , a . copy . to charge Archive Contact in do , Project Project the effort Gutenberg works and by , contain or , U or disk that or codes or a , by transcription , Despite which limited not to copyright incomplete be the , and proofread Project Right Project , legal all NEGLIGENCE the for Except damaged OF paragraph HAVE under damages YOU NO liability fees OR REFUND receiving for a provide the demand of a set IS' , refund the a work paid by it you medium , work that give replacement must you electronically you lieu may replacement or refund - in agreement types certain this disclaimers provided not certain of 'AS forth to you limited of any of shall You any permitted by provision remaining agree , from arise and with accordance electronic legal copies production or additions following or the Project electronic including , in works Section exists computers , all to hundreds middle the the alteration occur : widest Project and any readable . readable . Project the for readable ensuring need available future more for was to and readable www provide critical support of readable by readable efforts old in and the people readable from Volunteers they and remain Literary are assistance Project educational Mississippi - U Archive Foundation's . federal are . The Project about the Project To your Foundation Foundation is . S The contact official . Information Literary about at be . is by contact at . Project the Foundation survive its works widespread can that without Gutenberg mission the uniform all to in are a United regulating takes to and in up be of . IRS not not solicit for to and donations to . to state fees many . to . do requirements . determine met requirements gutenberg do unsolicited accepted donors . laws received pages are , but of accepted payments web Donations online General checks approach not or visit the and solicitation status contributions the treatment not org donate from such . we Gutenberg U concerning treatment donations statements check addresses . the please Project , Please ways treatment freely shared Michael . Gutenberg treatment the outside treatment any . Project , treatment . methods including visit : Information . Gutenberg anyone Hart www gutenberg only a network and he loose protected any in eBooks unless all Project distributed start make help newsletter . new hear our to donations includes This how : facility website ,