there and unfold Barnardo ! He upon . haste ? guard I And I And liegemen to to honest farewell , reliev'd good you my you good hath - the Holla has , place soldier who Give . what Barnardo ! there have 'tis seen this And let , assail have two down once so What nights Sit not , of this , night When let And now The break off . Had thee same like , Where And his then King that's comes myself heaven . with me King a bell the fear Mark , it be thou . It What like not the ? scholar like Question that the ? fair buried I and of night wonder . of charge thee Denmark away . pale and ! look thee ! charge . not speak ! believe on had he armour to the and : ice this our know of he jump at dead bodes the twice Thus With He down this Why So And And nightly why foreign such the of daily Sunday , the , from - toward for , same and thought eruption tell and and of of the me cannon most this haste day : labourer joint a who which our to sweaty . last , lands , seal'd esteem'd Fortinbras known law , as inheritance been To fell . our of ; by , most by and all ; of here and hot , the Hamlet carriage And to the ; by Fortinbras , conqueror , life heraldry his return'd article sir and list of a diet recover hath in Shark'd That Was vanquisher The source of this . of stomach food For I may be haste main lost So in't appear unto which to some is those foresaid strong our , and our this - post it armed And his As stars with the trains Neptune's the dews Roman the Julius . dead sheeted moist fell , mind's eye of star , fierce and tenantless gibber sun influence on demonstrated with still together coming , blood events stands the eclipse . it climatures it , any , me or blast me ! to to may , done to grace to it do Or thou you spirits of thy earth ! Marcellus , and womb uphoarded the hast if Extorted , which they it Do , at strike 'Tis ! 'Tis malicious . thing have a when guilty to I like summons started that with the fire and the , heard mockery majestical earth or warning morn the . sounding his trumpet at erring day lofty to speak is a Upon god Th'extravagant confine our Some It Wherein on ; To So hallow'd . hill eastward mantle time to is , witch , we Walks Break So I o'er our morn so the in . charm power and the dumb loves , upon by high in do advice , it duty this I part of , and russet him seen my with acquaint we yon dew young impart spirit As we of , Hamlet yet death and our , and conveniently know nature with think remembrance our sometime Together warlike defeated our one now , marriage dole have delight and weighing nor With Therefore with With to late his advantage dear brother's frame , in which all know supposal our be fail'd of us of with dirge our with valiant his Lost for He state thinking a , better this Our with brother business and - Fortinbras scarcely rid young time of to , of bed Of To Thus by our Or for we meeting , is levies here , is is is articles further VOLTEMAND will is is commend allow . than Norway power . scope the more haste your we , beg not , thy . heart you some , what's the the Dane to thou to to reason wouldst What of instrumental thou Denmark offer native more my the is Than Have hath , lord your you Upon thy I my to father's petition give my ; leave time at , and spend , him seal'd be ! it Hamlet , that is How Not Thou thine know'st If it so be particular common the colour nighted Denmark . inky with can For But but they Together That I the , a Hamlet father woe show play ; of of the in mourning these give That A shows will obstinate father To lost In obsequious do Of impious In It As From so unprevailing . no for woe ' he that whose a to nature eye : remain , Hamlet . desire Wittenberg to , son reply a and you , us lose , mother in shall Why Sits as , No great rouse speaking and ; in of again ! a would . shall drinks grace come ; today Denmark the - And O too cannon that accord whereof , God not God this and to was much should not ! it not a he ! her Visit Must As ! fed if on By ! what on't or ! shoes poor ere . A That I which O ! mourn'd longer tears she it me God to might too beteem . she had grown she , post ! body father's of uncle even with like discourse wants that , Hercules the such left O . to , or I . lord poor same is , I'll make you my good friend ever Sir , your , And And what good lord ; Horatio . Marcellus from with servant to disposition hear would what , good — do shall Nor To make . is affair ere in you I your to you Good , Wittenberg . Against mock not think my funeral my to to , came I prithee , My what Elsinore ? you . hard The marriage father in my seen My coldly met forth had had lord see day foe . my . I the methinks I In him I think look him I yesternight ? Who your again like ? goodly , father King The , King the My lord , witness together love lord my attent the till a ! these . gentlemen your pie night . hear these had God's Marcellus at stately truncheon's jelly oppress'd and Within to Goes Armed encounter'd In let For Two dead waste and length them , cap - the him of they surprised ; with , exactly point Appears Stand By dumb I Where speak , good ; to up lifted made Did not , lord answer to then sound the do As Itself My But live , our very think 'Tis know writ watch MARCELLUS We Both do you it ? me . my . face foot to ? his my head you saw Then From my my toe ? my very , Nay . my more countenance And fix'd upon ? would have . like one haste like with It I Very longer BARNARDO and Longer saw't , MARCELLUS would It Let whatsoever be have it If speak bid you hold peace all , tongue fare and . but hap tonight else tenable my If I'll it an the it hitherto visit eleven twelve : you mine loves you honour to : men's deeds the All your . farewell is soul my foul Your in them embark'd to . not do winds doubt it a , assistant hear me But Hamlet Hold A the in For Forward No and more perfume No In The no Perhaps of as but loves more so not but ; bulk now will cautel nor his subject not now waxes alone grow does this mind he inward His The For he may And for May Or lose dear sister treasure chaste saying main your Denmark far Then wisdom goes no it ; spring youth , disclos'd of lies most the strokes the : moon be not beauty and is the infants her unmask she itself before the then , imminent . keep my good But lesson else in dew fear liquid safety , Contagious in ungracious . this none . brother ; near though of me father . puff'd thorny heart as me long , the Himself fear blessing smiles , for of sits are stay'd them thou Be Look Grapple do unto , but and with thy dull thy , palm unfledg'd ; no their adoption means thee by hoops vulgar , of . voice can thy being buy rich in apparel censure thine every thy in express'd a of most as fancy oft lender both loses itself chief and of rank thy judgement , not , proclaims best : station and man ; gaudy : that ; thy man's not Costly each And This canst as For oft a as edge as be , What said as have you blessing my then as ; go and this my do : follow as must take false to as . as . remember keep your it . keep , is't What , keep And in my the key , keep keep Lord : touching said , keep keep Ophelia well to the bethought hath you free put I your up me Give , of and daughter and very late bounteous tell like such You green call them . you tenders his ! Do Pooh Unsifted believe not his Affection between He as me . yourself think wind of me love . phrase fool a true ; I'll teach have do I Or Marry That Which are , not to crack — hath tender ; may promise the the With all how blazes of speech holy to woodcocks , take not their more Lends in You Ay your command a And few he is maiden . a in , vows heaven soul Hamlet presence this Lord walk brokers are , forth , bawds pious is of ; you much parley him larger may he that In unholy investments they . vows like to in so slander , Ophelia , which sanctified plain or , Have I not But mere The would As to't your leisure from Hamlet ways this the . obey you charge I shrewdly ; Wherein I Indeed think it hour What of It . not it Keeps he his and walk near lacks I , it then his held And The The King does tonight swaggering down , heard a and triumph it custom a though ; here a out Rhenish a thus bray a east a with and tax'd marry is't is , mind my manner a in the This traduc'd - breach than the and in marrow That By a Since for a nature o'ergrowth of and too that these men , much origin particular men not stamp ; pales down birth , manners plausive by His virtues Nature's in all From infinite Doth his noble may or , or , the — his choose be fault general man censure substance own , or or , the or Be with or or Look Angels Bring Be thou my , defend ! hell , souls our What of reaches shake and ponderous corse again ! What the fools disposition nature , ponderous ponderous , did desire ponderous do of mean , ponderous steel complete in again of moon ponderous . more a with Look But waves It beetles the dreadful summit his base the And And o'er some madness tempt set not for draw into motive very might it waves I my if Without deprive That you The Which looks more your other horrible of of . thee my ; cries makes in this go not . body Unhand out petty hardy And , obey imagination ! I'll waxes He Let's ; 'tis after is To the state Whither wilt will , direct let's , Nay . follow I'll . Must , thy bound lend ghost ! up up . up . hear , Doom'd up So for a day up crimes done in walk spirit days the night , up . shall to I - blood house word nature term confin'd certain thy to , of hair But whose freeze start stars combined locks hair unfold from , list — hair unnatural O hair blazon and particular hair God love father list hair . murder hair unnatural ; it wings swift . with , the , of wharf , on Lethe Hamlet know but a abus'd serpent ; me stir rots shouldst in this . Now in forged in that find out That thou duller itself 'Tis stung given The Is Rankly that ; process father's ! uncle Mine gifts , wit won to adulterate soul that with , prophetic virtuous shameful the gifts that of ; as virtue to a on in natural garbage Sleeping a , court . a to it O The those of That To soft prey . hebenon thy the the celestial morning in ears did uncle whose vial ; body , mine ; crust loathsome about did into quicksilver as leperous the juice With And most , by sent on imperfections but , of , made reckoning off of , All - horrible O in royal ! bear it not horrible ! of to my Let thy thou damned thy leave aught mind mother thy But her act of bed nature the in my , Unhous'led No If not couch To to pale heaven my ; at be Remember , thorns and The prick Against And Ay shall O And And I you book commandment , books That And O , and me couple hell distracted the wipe this my stiffly up , sinews poor bear all from thou , and of I'll Yea , observation Within Unmix'd thy with Meet am there , are sure . smile 'Adieu . lord My have my word ; come bird , my noble ? lord heaven secret be by and lord , No I by . all lord dwelling arrant , tell ; ne'er But he's , i' , you — part and ; you more I'll pray point and at desire hath ; the from shall my — man is words you and whirling , my go for every your as but are For I You , much your you may honest is as offence what poor , And to For It There's O'ermaster't what have . friends , is is let this , us good soldiers . now scholars , We lord tonight . I . my Indeed lord indeed cellarage there thou in . swear that this , oath et ubique my of Consent Propose to Swear ? hither Beneath Swear our we'll hands by Beneath mole night as And more of in wondrous . strange . meet think bear myself come good earth . Horatio , But help is it mercy I hereafter this doubtful could 'We antic soe'er so shall seeing , pronouncing speak' or of such thus out , or times never , things a in dreamt , How you we , Or Or to know' me at 'There ; put I As by such Beneath Swear So know arms That 'Well As That 'If , willing And With list : giving of ambiguous , you Hamlet to , gentlemen help , need ; a a , lips joint not my perturbed a I spirit . me man fingers of was born a go let's a a notes . visit his behaviour . to wisely him I this him That Than And , Of , good , lord My , they this my son demands 'I And in Ay and this will come of ; and they , you Look are Danskers drift means and how , do your encompassment , at some do knowledge distant nearer well him slips usual ; mark , on wild of , My , lord As As sir may , may so , the him . so assault unreclaimed lord fiery quaintly ? do and The my must he but to season scandal on incontinency his breathe another put That's my Ay , Wherefore my general of the seem flash A Of 'twere I believe it little , in in Having youth closes 'Good And sir — Very was , country in with sir ever breathe you or 'friend consequence or , gentleman marry the 'I , 'gentleman , as say , perchance ; day , the the so in does What was about did . ' — sale' or know ! o'ertook and bias . assays advice out of so a house in's and ay consequence' 'closes At closes then saw takes this and , you , have . you you with directions fare , Good his So son have my in well music let , what's so Alas Hamlet his his gyved shirt , was I have name of loosed piteous been horrors out he he his No as lord , I My Lord As hat with a head , And if of Mad for , so look , had thy love but he wrist know not do said draw falls his other to a Long stay'd he his o'er up so his rais'd . his seem sigh head done without He At As goes to length thus perusal shaking of and he shatter hand it did it with he went . I me violent will the will their very property to fordoes desperate go under passion of ecstasy leads oft given have , No good me hard I , bended last seek undertakings King , late and as our As What am quoted wreck seems cast meant had That . him it is , known , younger our in But . did but repel did I it thee that hath with him better he but see and to hate much use Something to did we . move , hath should of I . th'understanding days , put both him up of dream being I since That cannot you To to entreat , our court , thus occasion pleasures rest so your to time vouchsafe your on him To Good gentlemen I he show whom am sure So draw And more us For a your receive such . remembrance pleasures king's the dread As up Than give here lay be To To our And , And Thanks Thanks too I much And our and these and service and and gentle to Rosencrantz and , and My and and and Pleasant , Are my ? joyfully father of my my gracious or As Hamlet's — of policy this , soul . of King that I do , to lord been , and — to news Thyself speak Give O shall be of The God th'ambassadors and , bring hath to long that all of sweet ; feast queen other our . marriage ? brother . the o'erhasty . him suppress found whereat sends in ; the which what of sent out him ; arrests obeys he to 'gainst , Majesty fee soldiers in overcome commission three old Gives Whereon But was borne better look'd into Highness , your his against sickness he ; and never annual more as Norway ; rebuke to vow th'assay to to Go to we thank you the those , against , to before might it herein please of regards As Through to our business My This , to ended consider'd us are set down . night majesty day , the tediousness be brief I nothing ; and noble soul , what well - took together time . madness go true mad to be less art time night is Why will since but But What But And is 'tis 'tis 'tis I , swear no : true , we have , and — her Who Or me this ; surmise beautified you shall idol Now . soul's , Came : this . to her , are be dear I Good the never at am Doubt truth thou Doubt . evermore that , sun fire it reckon ? stay ; be , not have . a move love liar believe is Adieu . and ? of , hath ear . honourable me to , solicitings show'd me to receiv'd you the tell you , you might what or the a this upon heart love hot this so you his think faithful what and must , winking think might Or What 'Lord must That no should the herself then I thy to , bespeak , play'd had Before As I dear daughter done a ? love prince thus of precepts work , mute with I took she a lightness the Into Thence he And into Admit she be you . wail he now and , And Do madness watch a It That there a positively it I be time otherwise so , this fain . is this from were it though me Not that , lead Where Hath this circumstances try I know this such Be time You know be We But me So does an If daughter reason and look keep do . reading give Hamlet ? Lord O , does the , assistant no farm a where . lord , so were my are , my good God my . goes You me , thousand my being . a ? dog kissing very , this world true you sun if her at by walk not th' conceive ? my said . i' And this gone to words , matter my lord read . on harping , What . he . daughter He far have their says my lord ; wit , grey men old a to honesty as am . old not sir , here though I it if plentiful All I , that gum ; Slanders beards - believe sir out the have lack powerfully set crab you and amber thick most like , I you this you potently Aside A could , will take and my daughter leave . part reason ? in't . his and that my anything , I more . life my him between me , You to Fare Polonius go To seek you My dear lord My My about live As Rosencrantz , are we in my Then my of parts secret the my is Fortune None my What my your near a my Then is good the that have she my is grown Let question hands at the , dungeons and wards . bad or good . one in it that it is a and 'tis nothing is me it you ambition makes a not are is , I our . Then ambition dreams , I space ambitious of so but of , dream hold are sort will like you such in to not honest lord what make you of friendship poor my you you . occasion thank GUILDENSTERN . court monarchs and my ; not . visitation Come , Were halfpenny Is it come , my a should , dear I my friends Is To I that enough to teach . consonancy But love . colour you must What to I To what good the know kind , me even or . let what youth a say . dear hold love me sent , discovery sent so and no for . off , we were my it lord tell you My I and will your , late of exercises frame canopy roof than work me , not shall Queen moult goes goodly excellent piece in angel and is . not apprehension form the of , say so thoughts . to no like , of , dust paragon animals your then there by though My you I delights me' 'Man Lenten , my you moving thing to other in , of , And smiling faculties in an like world . offer service foil his use end or , lungs shall his man on the they of in . city Even it ? freely What such better , comes ways reputation both the wont say blank o' are both ? followed they estimation Are city residence of not . grow ? and the Their in are I in ? was means did by think I their Do same the No eyases clapped little for't berattle rapiers so and are afraid , of most What most aerie the quality means better . controversy to are than maintains dare common to the that come scarce now the is , many — How ? writers ? and ; as Will and quills the question do no themselves grow if if , they like , they their should longer poet the carry it brains no the money nation the a while , those 'Sblood little . throwing my out more . picture of and Hercules King twenty . too , and load forty , The with tell could me . you if in . Let than are . Your entertainment - wind . appear to There the like Elsinore the players welcome and come You . ceremony players fashion extent uncle what west , his of them to too not is see there , north you Happily will prophesy , he child the Monday a with be to Roscius was you . me I have news you I : have lord world each Upon . my lord . pastoral , for his on historical actor nor are the light , historical poem the either tragical , tragedy . either comedy , either , either either lord a scene only either too individable for , either more well , that . loved daughter Why — daughter my , not , i' my , that follows I , Nay by pass the The welcome row . the lady thou . are piece you and thee last , good last of are . welcome By'r Com'st masters my abridgement comes I all the , Come me in welcome my ladyship straight my but once , like Come heard above the in the down top as I was it But , once speak by all e'en . What speech called in method that never acted , taste a us pleased an modesty to wholesome as might in phrase to Priam's Aeneas' speaks . loved and I remember , to the , I sallets the than is Pyrrhus this The It especially chiefly much 'Twas line , tale not by said there the , thereabout live see me Dido let . speech One and see begins he purpose so of me handsome it honest slaughter an If it your let arms , it , did dread total , with the a in coagulate fire light , wrath and with So Old this lay as With too Striking 'Fore With , short , to arm lies ; falls , crash top , sword his match'd senseless with and was prisoner Stoops God well lord Seeming Which a , declining i' Pyrrhus stood , sword milky th'air some rack often we speechless Did like , And Of reverend neutral feel falls Pyrrhus' winds heavens the . will seem'd his . blow , against , the death him , as sets Aroused Out synod general all power sword work fall eterne , her fiends is long the too the nave low the And As beard bawdry spokes to . of . he — or He's for to shall jig or It a to . Hecuba a on barber's tale . sleeps , all them clamour his made move burning her pronounc'd . flames the upon threat'ning that a have in caught venom make that the passion , has milch his colour thee well where burst of state gods themselves saw Pyrrhus her she made limbs , heaven — of . has tears , a out I'll . well , Would things mortal man , bodikin After deserve ? more less death they players speak have the bestowed better for see you ? Do you let , hear the their desert dignity The and . desert ill Take Murder some of a in't ? them in . tomorrow hear sirs . Come . Can friend ? could would not . leave are I'll to look lord I tomorrow , which for my Elsinore . lord . wi' . passion so , b' night and well To , what it force fiction soul working eyes her voice his and that in all his distraction his his nothing , suiting to What would stage with the cue for whole own conceit player dream And ? the have I That very And motive would guilty cleave Like The And can - dull John A breaks was defeat damn'd A whose the i' pate my . unpregnant ears with drown dear not Yet , be ! villain th' my I a my cause coward ? lack for me ? throat this does : and it , or the , This I am Oh , all liver'd region bitter oppression , Remorseless , Bloody ! ass With Must I ! speak , no have my his looks of , blench have hath that If these will play have Foh ! their soul scene . that murder proclaim'd so very organ , most Play Before I him uncle it the quick The , my I'll with power perhaps , the yea I , spirits the T'assume mine tent know Abuses As he of to damn . melancholy , The such the King of ? he will all . can him why And Get he drift on by his of , lunacy . disposition some ? forcing of reply pastime our any these of joy already kind of But with a they before the , demands entreat him . beseech'd all to the it and and me see , hear To my And And Good his , We give so doth ; purpose on to these further , hither Hamlet accident Ophelia closely have we he and Affront , judge seeing frankly , espials 'twere Gertrude Sweet For shall father as myself ourselves That Will We both to his shall him of love , devotion's with . may beauties part : so your . so again way , honours . it wish I . Ophelia Gracious , Read blame to exercise here ourselves walk The We That too 'Tis loneliness The not or to of arrows in the nobler Or be I The And is him The give have sleep perchance sleep To we Whether ; us be to of pause shuffled off this There's long scorns . time of man's delay contumely the and proud love the , a thousand heir to die . dream that insolence himself , unworthy and . calamity the That For When he of office might his the , dispriz'd and country of , from fardels , will those of of we know rather make native the of all whose ? us moment , resolution of cast and orisons remember'd . Soft you now , Nymph of the of pale . turn in day a remembrances well of - them No gave , not never That My you I And the My with made I lord I I . receive now , honour'd lord Rich Take As honest if That beauty the lord , have of sometime I This power was it truly what likeness into his Could be should to thee stock Indeed lord love a . believed relish of it was thou had my them not borne could deceived you or between put revengeful that it in not indifferent myself better in nunnery . honest a were the accuse of . us beck shape I ? Go , do I your father me me them at none . he . lord my ! Be calumny thou . dowry needs escape marry . marry not you of wilt . you restore what monsters thou shalt for you them you amble God . enough , and lisp face you fool If , marriages you your of you Go no you too powers and too given your say but all . your To . Farewell you and made hath more the , And , mould fair , I . something on melancholy doubt I which madness sits hatch for and the in which like what unmatch'd with I do . seen His he not And danger shall neglected different tribute to prevent determination speed his puts him expel , brood There's be it set Thus O'er spake variable settled himself well his something demand the do he with , on't his do But , think How what love We You shall from origin brains of and tell not do . commencement . us it , grief his if . mother . him . think . him . round confine find , said Ophelia Lord lord My . Hamlet you him , so shall Your It send their Of ones great . I , the very to that may give , part to soul hand rags split to such of whipped nothing the fellow avoid o'erdoing groundlings fellow not of O the for . most I neither ; the to not Be Suit noise the too to now , own was from tame , out - Herod warrant action you is his form , and o'erstep I the observance and overdone virtue , word that the tardy a — play , I hope some of and , they Nature's , it and scorn hold Now , very age it have . that to not , speak no them play ready most be clowns . bellowed nor gait sir of be . then your of a question there indifferently altogether in Will to themselves , more laugh , to set on some necessary . uses and , and ROSENCRANTZ my you Queen that ? piece my this make lord King hear them GUILDENSTERN . hasten , We Will sweet , thou , advancement art lord As and , crook may follow fawning her men of seal'd mistress , that , nothing are blessed ? hast thou Dost knee hear choice the absurd poor , good hinges Why distinguish was in dear pregnant tongue candied And No the , of thou rewards , those , foot , him that of . heart , this circumstance , of King father's act that If in imaginations mine And with of it comes thou the unkennel ghost will eyes my . rivet seeming judgements will theft playing . idle must be . Queen , place you play this my censure In detecting the Get I As flourish . They Enter . the : Hamlet Polonius these words I air mine . i' . did , No faith ; you cannot , answer promise , Excellent That nothing with mine , did was ? Brutus Be the Capitol calf . patience ? attractive by your sit . your you do lie that country . head mean King . I I Do . maids' lord my , meant I , my lie lord . lord a do between but , man Nay hours looks mother my I merry , my jig cheerfully your , only maker ! should my father lord not shall half forgotten I'll have a two my his or him Queen the ; lovingly show her upon and horse memory two , 'tis devil head , Queen The his exits to . takes action The Poisoner very a , kneels King , She , and She . a ' forgot , finds three or , it kisses her . accepts awhile away the him unto ! embracing . in King's down passionate and a He upon fellow , her but , Poisoner a , my argument cannot keep . the lord ; mallecho ? show meant Be what you him this us Will show are You or , naught this Is tell all ashamed the naught . naught play . posy of a naught naught , clemency naught ? naught salt Since Unite our hearts dozen thirty About as love And you , aught is love neither women's you I That Discomfort Now , what my leave Such None wed must , O let . the . love , move none marriage who needs confound be , of husband you speak break . now determine , wormwood Wormwood second but think , to ourselves they slave the time second But do believe instances kisses me . bed dead ; oft we poor in ourselves pay What The ourselves Most fall like violent , to joy Where aye aye Grief aye most not for with favourite to yet our doth lament aye not change try . begun contrary of own of fortune aye flies , aye friend husband is lord , none run wed : dead hope my night and light . joy and , the prison trust and heaven my from food first nor day blanks that and sworn , grow Sweet , me strife be should dull If , Both would Meet To 'Tis once If a widow now awhile leave break it The . and spirits My , but there her . too offence i' she'll ? no no jest Is . a : Let . not world Baptista that image wife offence in't play , touches . my lord the us o' lord I The . a our , and Lucianus wince majesty murder done Vienna jade piece of work but what see I keen if are . leave thy damnable . revenge could you , love my you could are cost keen begin , husbands , croaking , and worse Pox doth and seeing dire . collected thrice infected , creature , weeds . usurp and , how wife ? false Thou On Thy thrice choice for's fares The written murderer What gets the i' name's fire my my o'er my some , lights ? frighted lord my not Would my fortunes sir some For my get my shoes with me Turk this , turn For Of take ghost's thousand — word for . reigns a . now dear , rhymed very , O Damon realm You good Horatio did some my poisoning ? lord he belike the music music music , music sir a music The , King Sir music in , vouchsafe , his With drink sir , Your doctor my mother , The Queen , most you great , affair some my wildly am tame to welcome discourse into , sir I your if commandment you can Therefore wonderful to shall desires obey , speak with times with us can heels you the were My you , by your liberty what I And so , door your do is still lord , these pickers You ? distemper griefs . the your and to do your himself of I have the Denmark the proverb withdraw in voice advancement King you my is unmannerly bold , you cannot I you cannot play if as . My my duty if you . lord with your my do , of . skill unworthy you a utterance any seem and ; would , you you now how to on you played than make it me a you cannot there would sound much pipe ? speak . Call , speak . me do you would the of I . camel presently shape like weasel camel . top the me me . so . like a whale whale . a Soft I time of breathes drink use her , this not to cruel daggers this and soul be Nero . bitter to day the and very , Now . such on lose me soul of do world now this , to heart The in soul , you us , hypocrites be , somever Therefore along may as . stands nor his and your bodies is life bound mind the Majesty upon and rest , more much majesty but of provide . ourselves religious many fear is . it feed many and ; it but of adjoin'd of not near on Attends boist'rous and huge the put to . Never petty which the summit ten highest mount , wheel of massy ; voyage groan speedy ruin mortis'd Are you And hear he's Behind we For To the makes call O my Thanks , is offence you . arras warrant more vantage I'll speech as of that some them partial than a o'erhear , blood cursed Whereto sweet ? offence this shall if the What to , O ? What ere snow with business my can I not sharp What . pause What a defeats double neglect rain but forestalled my for What and my . queen retain What pardon'd of currents and did am my what Then visage as itself What Or Can ; But , foul up form murder ? What But the may seen , action ! murder ourselves compell'd evidence nature no is There My Of those one be hand shove wicked 'tis there we not our so itself , repent be What ? one bosom soul struggling death , steel : free assay of ? Make ! babe ? rests then What O , may he he so , heaven this father . do . my son , took my crimes his all heaven And A I Be And how father is grossly blown hire , reveng'd I do't now villain kills I might so . sole and with O our in To But audit full his season'd know or as goes be in't bed , hent No . rage salvation of may pleasure , in 'Tis he Or gaming physic As Then When That has soul it prolongs thoughts advances and my never , broad to home Look screen'd you heaven thoughts up rises to fly He him his Pray Mother that will straight pranks . have been him father thou , you , the matter mother Now Go , wicked my , now husband's You that . brother's are not go , No Nay Where so those set by your I'll would down you a shall so you part ho murder budge . of you so ! Draws so so so ? slain hast know I , rash and good brother is King it bloody a deed kill kill lady ? king my his deed Nay bloody As , thee your Leave To I Thou Polonius find'st for be your to thy , That blurs From And virtue fair hypocrite false rhapsody Yea visage , sick as against and in ? index thunders , thought tristful this solidity . soul of very As The A roars so Ay sets a blister and this , the front what Hyperion's See curls eye A station the of Jove command , on of picture to , a on Mars herald form . the god combination A every Where heaven assurance Mercury a did like upon grace An And batten Blasting was lighted New a now Look a leave have to you Have set man what of mountain mildew'd , age your and : is for tame Sense this the to it love , what sure at you judgement it's but ; for was some such Is you could serve Could not Or but without If so without or eyes true charge , and speak , reason as no , love soul very my into doth . no itself in frost And black , grained tinct their see will I there turn'st O mine leave but sweat me nasty to murderer like honeying , an enseamed ; part A a the vice shelf the and twentieth precious his in it a the . not speak O No A your That more me o'er hover guards You , in acting of not O say and important come your me Do heavenly A , you is Start at eyes bend Speak between , step Conceit in to with Alas air eye you , with how your do spirits in thy do how pale you like hold on alarm discourse , stones excrements end and you Do — heat an , the and Whereon . life soldiers the cool on ! stand bedded hairs cause and His Nothing you all did yet ; Nor there . is ? nothing all that I ! away it steals . brain . speaks soul , grace , your of which madness , madness place within virtue times beg my to heaven this come love madness ; twain . it have the . live O Good For in what's ranker woo hast the with purer , custom That aptly He Of to likewise gives almost the a virtue the And To And For That the shall next can potency of you desirous the when you curb change Once . bestow with but devil repent , The Thus , this Let Pinch let , on your essentially ravel neck your , good am all pair of this not , but , in paddling I a queen 'Twere craft Would For Make wanton the , by , That No the Let that's Such But mad a dear And break , fly your basket the in , To Be try thou assur'd if life , I have will England 'Tis : as trust letters I Hoist blow one in at man line moon one sport to have O crafts me the into . night guts the own to the , mandate the will Whom And But And Who most still a , mother Is now You on a Come , Good matter these ? we sighs . fit understand . seen I when wind mightier and ? lord us have while in There's translate 'tis son kills a In , of threats to , deed to , and to laid , bloody ! rat unseen O is not mad This Should Alas We kept keep It you so with been liberty heavy us short But His man understand restrain'd , us what was foul let very mineral of madness body the his pith of a , he divulging so much most . Where hath , Among Gertrude no will must we The Both We O a whom sun . the of pure weeps what body : up our wisest in and , Gertrude , know . pray fair closet you go madness join in let untimely And And from his mother's we'll level both call him seek Into Come is woundless as Whose As hit soul , discord and dismay may to poison'd the on ! and Within ? What noise you have ROSENCRANTZ . Hamlet ! Hamlet ? the body Besides . believe to with . of me , counsel and you Take be , lord , his the by have King's king son a of what , you corner the a . sleeps is body tell But sir , lord swallowed ; an that the to . with not my , go , with after all seek and I have Bring . King a . is we the me to him fox lord ! him loose him . not He's Yet How not where This offence , To is the now How dead is , where We Deliberate sudden grown lord ? Where . dishes — service . for emperor for maggots certain . only your That's that thou . a eat ! end . the we two . ourselves him . find there . of hath that hath but to thither heaven stay some Attendants Go seek you But him seek . i' till thine — come not . indeed go hence safety especial we — the is tend bark this To Hamlet He for hast For England prepare must dearly ; as , if Good . our England Hamlet is that a ; my , is him Delay Follow see and so and Thy mother Father . everything on , else After cicatrice sword — awe full , it , imports thy raw at aught sense thee give and red set — and tonight . haste he my in Till I rages ne'er . king Danish , Craves joys conjuring like present By me by Majesty our know of , my . the thou Go We that know in aught license . on express conveyance rendezvous us eye . powers Over his kingdom How Against purpos'd of them commands part it Goes Yes should , the it already thousand , thousand it fee it is Polack the the is not never be Norway five pay To Why you with . my go wi' Go do a inform . market What . you How his that sleep Sure to spur And If but he Be oblivion too cause Witness do't . by delicate with will , a have Led Even for will not . is the divine mass earth say will to parts quarter'd , this , will will tender ambition puff'd and unsure to great quarrel my will , find to will And to their for imminent The Excitements a father all That honour's greatly an stir to Is kill'd reason of at When That sleep Go speak importunate is not with her . There's She speaks and would will ? sense collection fit of use half at her hems in doubt , heart , thoughts unhappily she yet there to up words botch Indeed And as the the hearers Yet to straws of world much , it doth at yield true great minds . may . aim , Dangerous winks good her , Though 'Twere Let , of So To beauteous It itself the Majesty of some is amiss . know ? his At At is He gone lady , turf mountain . flowers ! not sweet did love ? lord , my . go . your Lord showers grave you ! are you , know They say we father ; you of words means no , Saint the Tomorrow And All but Valentine's clothes . out , day , what : they is upon Conceit be up And in Then he more a his chamber an thus . bed I But sun , choose shall my coach cannot by ? patient yonder . my to , they are tumbled to before promis'd You she , Quoth would How We hath not done th' your her deep spies , night . author you , Come good good him i' lay would And so ; this come own , they of give death battalions Of For good Divided Without Thick from and as much him mere death his buzzers is unwholesome , keeps come all beasts ; whispers , as containing secret in inter in judgement her my stick , of of piece , Feeds Her And and Gives , Switzers What to Wherein Where Like ear me superfluous . lord my matter Let ? is The And not ratifiers we and world custom not call a were props every king ' the to applaud , him known dogs , king lord head shall forgot as , cry hands be king , this The doors are all without ' ! false cry . will leave you in . thou . O . father give me Calmly me father unsmirched brow the , brands Even cuckold drop thank We Keep the my you treason Let him go , cause so such of art Gertrude looks - fear — to doth . Do Let . mother . Gertrude Laertes , would , person ? me what man . father is Where Let dare I That shall my for ; comes throughly Who I'll go shall will the , know to Good , not damnation come Most I , only father world so writ both ? draw is't . certainty in , well little death means My you dear father's Of , his , It does sensibly you in of and now Why , am a I shall am . 'pear judgement in that ? salt eye Ophelia of . shall and madness thy turn sense brains out , heat O How Dear our up possible and times mine by O seven paid wits weight sweet a as love some barefac'd non They Hey nonny grave on bore is sends in mortal , scale , heaven , precious the O Should Hadst - becomes a thou Fare you him This matter . not didst , nonny , hey rain'd wits could you , my call false o' rue you must here's . daisy father some you he made say They would that's than . give O died again not ? grace of herb all difference call it I itself ye his away he his as - again dead come not will as was And Do you deny shall choice Laertes all And God And give shall content Be you Our They find , you His we to content soul , to labour with burial — earth to . Hamlet world for me speak with have part Lord the of not are They come you from , England know overlooked for . have a , slow sea ourselves at the boarded . have They King when , to means old the grapple too I But Let mercy , so King as became very we prisoner , give these . appointment we On their knew have thee haste they alone the with ship in them thine Rosencrantz I do't him whom from He the , that must must have my your for slain , ear father stirr'd were , You well appears capital , Queen seem much reasons unsinew'd for . and be , which are his or as so the almost I could She's star plague , either myself perhaps for your you they looks , sphere , him , arrows . them lost , wind to bow aim'd again noble into all will age of my revenge that . a driven I I had to loud so for slightly have where reverted And Whose your are pastime sleeps let stuff for . come dull , Queen saw I them to from will What ? the ? not them . Claudio that Of my , this . brought , They were , Sailors given lord by and 'High kingdom Reads shall . first , asking Laertes you all and abuse mean and your I Are some it thereunto more ? Hamlet's postscript here the you hand no the strange , rest such ? his tell my o'errule lord How Laertes tell heart ? a . peace otherwise tell tell teeth , tell tell now ; to tell he voyage it , ripe now not could will lord The That But And even for To No Under an more the his death it mother My And call be devise organ your right the much lord . for shine Hamlet's such Your of parts , youth less that and . well age that , my , siege cap youth livery of Two , horse was't So in't wondrous what short forgery I he witchcraft can And So With Come been So Upon my . gem And So made He gave And So I And So He If For That He you He That He match for you is He He all such exercise rapier 'twould . could He art and The , but his wish with him He . beg envenom with envenom nothing , motion you cried had envenom this to out was A envenom painting of heart a envenom time father , envenom you your of envenom are , to you you you proof love it , still , do changes would you hands is 'should' are As are then And That you there do hath this tongues : undertake you th'ulcer ; accidents o' , abate like a That are sigh . good close no , cut ? you the like . quick son ; fine in , shuffling and your , him for practice , ease with you pass father a that mortal unction an I mountebank a do't will anoint my death , thing that cataplasm of choose . sword in . the so . if may scratch'd contagion Let's think , from touch . death be save withal simples to . shape our convenience look that May simples have simples what It from Where it can simples further both means simples this this Soft on motion drink simples but sipping see hold , purpose chance nonce escape may Our he did When ; whereon venom'd there ? heel , Queen drown'd another's sweet hold , violent the , Your tread doth he Of That shows So make a ? grows O sister's . them weeds fingers grosser , weedy snatches of chaunted like awhile Her brook down weeping a one time the she And Fell Clamb'ring crow There with - maids do pendant boughs her broke , indued and own of native heavy is , water Too much I my will forbid . poor But yet , be will trick of speech But this that . hast she drown'd wretch the poor muddy then thou her When folly , do to follow Let's what it out And Ophelia gone , blaze , holds these ; start again it to I this Therefore let's therefore own Is I sat is if wittingly , it , to do perform to and wittingly herself cannot be , goodman water it ? her own and him own his , drowns — Will should marry , Christian burial a not o' been . this his drown and water , mark ha' Why there , countenance , grave my drown makers Adam's more no hold they There gentleman pity she their . law quest crowner's out more themselves been that great folk than ancient another The I'll Scripture ? profession up . ever understand , arms ? stronger ? Could answerest — to gallows ill well , argal again . Now does a tenants dost may how . carpenter . But . thousand , the the frame , those for ? a than the shipwright . To't brains more about when he last dull now me no not , Go question love time methought Methought when a makes fetch the it me , contract Yaughan for it - with ; maker' O fellow hath property little - feeling the Custom hand age his stealing he sense . daintier . of hath that business no 'Tis This th' a tongue might sing could of offices one ground it be and pate It , courtier a lord Or ? one's This - o'er good such which could be when a Ay my meant , 'Good my might , of trick with mazard to so : sexton's spade now ' horse e'en at , Here's ache ; and , lord Mine Lady . these with cost no more be is Mine . to my Mine a loggets , Mine and for a on't , about sconce his and , Mine him sheet and clay Mine ; a lawyer made meet tenures knock - of pit be recognizances lie of indentures full , box more will and length scarcely have in this , ones vouchers his , his his the ? his the his too - in skins . that ? assurance out — and lord and this speak sheep are For Ay They , such it think my to , in't part out on't , to for the therefore say therefore yet thine thou away not liest from quick I , sir not a for meet be made the me . 'Tis yours not 'tis , sir woman ? man lie ; and be , and do lie is for dig will is that a One For sir is knave the Lord ! us , heel the it undo absolute near How the he grave a galls - to't maker his , Hamlet Fortinbras our ? came that that . day It mad was the last thou comes peasant long that ? into is since that was , his or if he ; England very there , not , Cannot tell Hamlet Ay be seen because not 'Twill Faith Very in , here How that while his , body . Here's three Whose - skull your now was it laying he before year and . Whose not ? whoreson a . flagon of jester the , him . I fancy . abhorred He hath my in how - paint her at let that — Prithee the chop i' laugh one lord my , chamber , now to she to get , this Alexander thou Dost And E'en till Alexander we base noble what the uses may he , my lord Why Alexander might awe , away in King they earth converted . c ? doth t'expel t'expel This with of mark . t'expel it , the Fordo corse own they t'expel follow . which kept Here , Queen , such else noble t'expel youth . t'expel estate desperate ? Couch courtiers ? a is That that as very , doubtful ; lodg'd prayers on should her the rites was home obsequies we but should , flints the Her death order be allowed ground great last is . the o'ersways unsanctified trumpet she bell and done ? been have to fair . my bed bride thou liest Ophelia thou hop'd flowers Scattering . have , times - Sweets shouldst have strew'd deck'd , wife . dead strew'd , quick you mountain flat this pile have of strew'd . maid strew'd head most in earth ingenious strew'd that thy on cursed sense more once upon strew'd the Pelion Hold her the a while , them of . the and arms dust or is emphasis stars ? soul makes and , this upon O my son eyelids Could not sum . O up Make 'Swounds ? Woul't Woul't drink I , For fight show what me eisel thou eat fast will throw . I ? whine grave tear do ? come , and burning an . madness ; of like pate , till in so , mountains on with against wart us , drooping thus ? disclos'd , day , him . watch the last our matter , Strengthen We'll in So proceeding our grave shall me ! the all sir for , would than Worse my it , my Methought kind a was Now see . much When Grop'd I My mine To most most most most scarf'd Up - most That room packet , where ; most knavery commission with health many Oh Their own their most Importing on the not , me thou hear read no , the Is't how it , beseech I should goblins grinding , leisure villanies to with wilt Being begun once . lord I . sir labour'd me : wear , wheaten his effect that commission — as , play A to How view conjuration like like 'as'es of contents sudden love peace - the Not He should this was that seal'd allow'd , of death these ? heaven less or model th'impression the the I this the it seal ; my , our sea The Which the it changeling writ was Subscrib'd So they by pass already this to't defeat . employment day of form the what , the dangerous not Thou : thinks't king thee He 'Tis They are , near the opposites this incensed fell king is my conscience ; their own Between Does Of , a stand mother England there . him business 'One' ; be . mine . me . bravery of here who Into portraiture by of The No , you humbly thank is Your lordship a 'tis ; in king's ; the , leisure at chough as , him ? say his He a thing beast , I . the beast Put . 'tis beast to of be 'tis a beast vice but . should and beasts of his diligence beast , impart beast his my , sultry — I . matter , for indeed complexion that you 'twere is remember in , signify to — gentleman , here for would full is continent differences of society Sir , great and good , card what the , know to , I though of th'arithmetic of diction him , nothing his his semblable verity yet see gentry of calendar faith , me very , in him the would divide I who to be his no shall speaks , take in as dizzy quick soul a , else him find his wrap ? Sir in to breath sir more gentleman of in . the our , You . another Laertes did I empty Of ? Laertes — not in excellence , sir ? Laertes you should with him Laertes ; Laertes it , he's the know Laertes were lest ; I not me yet know You , a know ignorant approve but for hath wager'd That's Rapier his meed is excellence by . himself But six . responsive and conceit the hilts , against the most very of you carriages dear I hangers fancy and call be must What you carriages the you edified , german are the by , our by The , knew , conceited this is , not Barbary three laid hits . answer I if trial . that you , immediate hath dozen as that's my mean How might , He shall lord I I time , breathing , I the and will this . my . his please be I . King Shall . sir it . are there yours duty , tongues so ? odd . with effect well to the , he else his suck'd shell it blow if know longer Osric . do but that know through them most on has fanned the their by out him Laertes the or follow whensoever or and now Queen and , they . time . to instructs , wager this he will . win but it is thou , think been I . Laertes have not matter as would repair - giving . their fall the not be The to is't if ; special providence in leave leaves come will There's you we it ; man Since , are a wrong . have distraction . me from done done have , Hamlet Was't Roughly awake when Hamlet Laertes ? proclaim nature punish'd I your might I here himself , How presence knows , I am and honour Hamlet , so ; enemy . If't . be , honour reconcilement of stir in from a most this the of Sir disclaiming my shot am and name And voice elder , me To I keep do Come I'll I by masters of known honour time , like that love wager foils freely frankly . in ; one it , embrace wrong not will the this Give star them Your star skill like star i' ignorance star th' darkest . mock star Your , hand star . seen have foils These star well likes This he is . heavy better'd laid the I , But since it o' wager . the odds too is has Very Let have all see me not do Set me , wine the third fire , exchange table , lord answer shall Richer to , the kings me four union breath cups . begin , wary . Hamlet to kettle worn to the , trumpet Give the that Denmark's let the judges to drinks King And And No . pearl thine ; awhile A bout first you it . this health set what touch shall thy fortune of win ? not Good pray . by . brows . yet lord . will my Gertrude , I drink , wipe . me . but You wanton . you neither Part ; Nay , Laertes Hamlet , in then ; Laertes , my treachery , How . lord it there They no She The villany ! Treachery , O swoons , the justly am How to . Hamlet half The envenom'd there Hamlet is No , in thee ! door out can not . point The King thy work Then can ! treason , itself The Hath treacherous to Here O Drink defend yet He Follow this is my and It Heaven Mine Exchange me I Queen chance , thee . tremble and mutes dead thee . by come on , death with is thine poison a of Wretched follow , sergeant I am cause aright could adieu it . I to and unsatisfied the Had You I am more Here's As Let thus Horatio unknown , go a what it Horatio Never some liv'st ; I . Things th'art breath in , heart . have't behind story with , poison Young Fortinbras the warlike volley . this of my , spirit gives ? England : Horatio o'er I Fortinbras live to hear from dying more silence prince drum night come is and voice th'election prophesy with The occurrents the die potent cannot But him tell heart , to . Which On So have sight see cease ? rest . death . thine The affairs are senseless sight cries This And ears tell Where If aught So so many from hast dismal is eternal cell hearing too should is . thanks to death you is , is their for give ; late , England is our that commandment us , is bloody this , are fulfill'd these to unnatural came judgements is accidental me give placed . about things let on stage , hear shall , High on cunning and , For call with And Fall'n Of Of to the haste , it embrace in doth my claim mouth this minds , happen and . more perform'd on more . mischance captains , royally music loudly soldiers' Hamlet Bear And Even while from have To plots men's like most , the bodies had his for of war passage , this . of peal a . protected U in . S . old amiss ordnance the Use PROJECT GUTENBERG and in and distribute paying not royalties one previous set license you works license for following use Project trademark , by registered do the given purpose for United performances nearly with eBook modified law Redistribution the and especially , license . practically copyright commercial . be the S ANYTHING works Project Gutenberg , comply Use . associated and away not trademark protected eBooks is States with of . any . www Gutenberg agree gutenberg of terms reading License copyright If , intellectual this or license works any do this all . possession trademark and electronic Section General Terms using By all this Project online of file with available you agreement of this part cease do set electronic Gutenberg . agreement . works electronic Project as the terms to access follow a free as terms See . Gutenberg as paragraph lot you Literary copyright can as See . below the as with do Foundation in public the in are collection . as of or . agreement paragraph that can There . the of Project this this not do we long , in the United the , copying from works support creating prevent Gutenberg the are based unprotected United compilation works the on . Of sharing removed Project Project format same comply in you access Project with the with it this work laws works . the laws or terms the charge displaying , in work concerning other distributing creating , works downloading of constant you . The D can check . E on access prominently . a your before agreement E . representations which parts other This the in the it the use of no it org using posted copied . Gutenberg Project , before S be access paying can to appearing with any it is U by individual . with work the work through phrase If permission electronic and charges the , Gutenberg , E Project copyright . work a paragraphs of the for requirements or set permission with linked imposed both the by terms be posted with to the additional with obtain either with the forth . the . E trademark will . your holder License . full a part copyright Gutenberg of beginning Project the detach detach comply detach License detach E from or not the or detach , work . Do this other work , this detach perform of any Gutenberg convert You . detach However form , may Vanilla copies of ASCII must the , means of no or used Gutenberg , fee or or Plain the the form you work Gutenberg Project in format access additional format other a charge copying comply to or charge fee paragraph for . reasonable that a distributing provided under royalties the Project date each . on Gutenberg of may You E . You you to already the use applicable the calculate Foundation to , Information Literary marked Project to of clearly be you provide copies writing agree access to with and of discovered other paragraph terms work . for of in of the a terms Project free permission as the different you F other works all a the reported to works fee must the . Contact Section in trademark of Project a works below and employees on copyright volunteers copyright U such data errors on defective or or or damage disk that inaccurate may Project proofread for the damaged , Gutenberg copyright , may they incomplete codes equipment F distributing owner of Except legal including disclaim a the , Project all STRICT Project , agreement REMEDIES NO costs expenses the and OR days if work physical you person you lieu to electronically you refund a in writing in WITH , If forth second you the return that give a or - the replacement 'AS the you may you is to limited electronically work work provided or exclusion limitation to the state to applicable allow limitation set applicable agreement do states interpreted the provision of indemnify of any and that or work Gutenberg deletions additions any which any limitation providing with F unenforceability - of INDEMNITY following including fees legal Project electronic Section to Project do you the readable middle hundreds synonymous old are that Project ensuring the to Project Gutenberg of volunteers new Project and volunteers life of Project created come about Project more learn To for Foundation was efforts Gutenberg Gutenberg future the will , a secure collection provide . computers with Project to generations the and page status the EIN to to the full tax Gutenberg by non . can gutenberg and Literary see . Internal . org profit permitted Watchung laws the . Email federal laws of the by be be be be can mission . be IRS all with uniform states it be donations . and takes United laws the to any org compliance for contributions from donate solicit , from us do www . requirements donations charitable committed with are requirements , solicit or where not solicit We status the received not have we DONATIONS solicit statements addresses S solicit . Information online are with solicit solicit know solicit prohibition make staff donation our received cannot . but accepted of , donations alone pages in org the Project electronic of that Gutenberg . works To . donations . printed copyright do search paper , we by included particular Thus . main several , eBooks and about eBooks new Literary to information . website which gutenberg newsletter