He Stand . hour live and . me ? Barnardo King the Long carefully come relief twelve struck 'Tis The think If my watch meet do you has my place who Dane . this hear Say . will not hold fantasy our but have says Horatio this Touching With us That apparition him of of it speak 'twill of and , night along him . appear come we two night of seen our against again Sit let are fortified awhile . ears the of part and one it myself — heaven , pole Marcellus again comes King scholar ; dead . Horatio . to Horatio time , harrows It . stalks . speak charge Denmark I heaven offended is thee speak gone and Stay 'Tis ! In See It ! I ! pale ? look ! You might believe avouch ! this on ; angry . had : King . ice hour dead this an combated know when , sledded he most subject cast and implements brazen land ; for down nightly foreign be impress why same strict the of the from the : cannon watch not And such mart such What that joint might make is't can I of to appear'd by most the our which known by valiant emulate a , last law , all compact , return'd to which Fortinbras the lands his the of which ; Now article by heraldry Fortinbras world esteem'd pride seal'd Hamlet our ; and those a the mettle skirts the Hamlet unimproved Shark'd to the vanquisher of . of Against he Which His Hath Of by gaged Was Did That main But For And terms father . well doth in source of motive in't appear unto list a food to by Comes and I the mote is and trouble wars King . eye these so but armed was it Well most Did squeak In and the high trains the sun to mightiest the palmy state of Rome , of question that through may is tenantless in and dews mind's Julius fire gibber to precurse still coming the of demonstrated illusion ! of or prologue earth Unto , hast thee earth earth art , earth if earth earth of earth Stop my partisan ! with not stand . here will it 'Tis 'Tis here majestical violence of show the , 'Tis it We To is as do And it the air blows gone ! being , mockery . throat warning or his air , crew the , malicious invulnerable thing at shrill and summons . I a cock the , of in like when herein . no , all singeth birth nor wholesome say are So takes fairy No so , then night comes , abroad , the of ; believe time the yon the spirit o'er dew of dumb , us our shall memory green Though The of discretion grief Laertes befitted ; kingdom . brother's us and , one a one with have and wisdoms better follows Now , along . For have dole barr'd , queen , sister sometime our Therefore to Your With supposal disjoint Holding that weak affair a dear and to fail'd not by most father the Colleagued Or state valiant hath to Importing His You Out Who impotent , Lost To our Now Thus To the time of Fortinbras to the here , you greeting Cornelius his this gait of you no , articles your the good Of further To And told You lose doubt , it all , that now voice , What some Laertes You shall your is the What Dread and wouldst throne hand Your whence show leave From To I must thoughts My Yet Than And to lord have , in that to to my willingly return came done leave gracious bend , I , France ; again says Polonius will be time at and Aside A now Have you father's leave from and hard hang I my Laertes How my give at last . thine Laertes thy leave ; it , kind — Laertes Laertes , son ! Laertes Laertes common father all to nature through like thy noble ever look , thine let And Seek for eye much like , like . Denmark colour nighted like not like it If seems ! like like ; I thee ? with particular is 'Tis madam , To the within that your father father survivor persevere , bound term and the a , show ; course grief , common heaven , unschool'd sense as ; is earth note , and pray ' . corse and a fault , still who , whose , father the most ; woe so let he till , for immediate a that impart , going In , I I shall Madam to madam ; this this , fix'd ! unprofitable world of fie — king it That merely on't it So That he a satyr her to ; beteem loving not should that , too not 'gainst canon dead might ? on face I Visit which month fed if — Why a things ! so was to earth of winds so ; on't think remember ere my Why she those , body on ! mother a grown Heaven . would and yet and of increase appetite little brother flushing dexterity is such for of most . in come lordship your . post , eyes Within incestuous . to hold , to must I . to you speed her . wicked most And from , you good am glad or Horatio change make you that poor , am I But very disposition , to see faith I Nor Against shall teach see drink your affair to it you what you would To to I deep ere in truster fellow my you . is do , me to it mock follow'd ! tables marriage the funeral upon bak'd foe in that seen my lord , heaven . all again . yesternight like for was look not him my eye , a . father ! while a for , gentlemen . Who all . hear me deliver may father your - whilst to impart both kept night as the secrecy each . These of Form And , jelly with in and ? true word deliver'd third not the him they . the , made I not was this platform where ? true 'tis our troubles this but me duty ; he beaver up . you . been . upon I had eyes fix'd And one with His as A silver'd seen his , life , person itself I still ; you , well fare , but tenable And Let If bid you understanding requite Your I your else it Give it And whatsoever platform loves So . you honour and ye , come . eyes will give not do winds sit My spirit : arms ! soul , men's . o'erwhelm And necessaries embark'd . benefit sleep , Farewell , from hear assistant as , temple loves mind soul fear his no birth his you and as this no you ; service bulk nature For In His For may he greatness no The no Think The and no Grows of virtue thews no soil now withal inward , no his his subject to ; must voice head the Unto give Then heart , credent weigh his what ear loss importunity your , my dear , desire moon . or ; sister treasure songs deed voice of saying or too To , keep her unmask itself their the the , or Or it galls the or of Out chariest in Contagious then though most dew or disclos'd imminent lies none keep else fear : or affection . spring , comes grace is blessing double , There shoulder , blessing of your , for sail , shame memory act thy thought by no steel of soul , their tongue . adoption his dull - each Those precepts precepts precepts Take But entrance Bear't Of Nor any familiar thou precepts hast but thy friends precepts a quarrel ; but may hoops entertainment precepts : gaudy man , can judgement , best oft nor a lender the reserve but and palm thy them new do hatch'd Are loan dulls follow all borrowing And And Thou canst This For to of a most edge of and rich purse voice : that in thy . station thine . servants the both own thine false this be : not time thine Farewell invites ; go , lord thine thine , and well thine . man any season blessing take I thine my to . your tend to you Lord . late yourself bounteous ? Farewell the very you and free ; touching yourself up tenders clearly late of me girl . of must me you tell . many honour me like a call as You ! Pooh ! hath , my lord affection to made think for think , his ; yourself I you true more dearly ; to love to heaven go . me importun'd honourable In , not teach Running My lord fashion hath to of his holy , burns to almost With , the in Than Believe Than believe may Do But that much a given mere like you to command Set his entreatments heat , You Be . tether may few for ; and pious which vows parley so And with they suits is Lord higher a walk ; Hamlet For . he he him Not of dye Breathing better , I Indeed , No not spirit , heard Wherein King What doth tonight , he - wake , my ? rouse ; walk and this of . trumpet thus , reels down Rhenish and and mean It it the ? wassail The kettle And Makes tax'd breach marry a triumph my manner , Ay the custom upspring swaggering draughts of drum am a native it and nations height . attribute , our and than custom . here is of with in honour'd And us More our The Oft Or down habit plausive , manners Being man as pure they infinite else form of or be may undergo grace evil , men defect as , a ! doubt , substance The that , grace or or a . Dane royal , not burst , wicked of blasts us defend hell from damn'd , me shape , answer , marble this steel moon , thee call I'll . in but ; quietly glimpses night Making Why thoughts beckons To Look As hideous beyond this is ? So Revisit'st thee dead thus , the again in , No . I . ground . with more a not . not my at my lord a pin's , fear to that ; it follow I'll the not Do , then it ? fee ? my cliff other into into fathoms desperation , still many it roar beneath waves Go shall Hold of . hears , follow your not off You It And on By Still As And , I'll say ! I , I'll of . to thus with . Denmark lets me fit issue what follow . He ; in after 'tis not To Have Let's rotten Nay thou sulph'rous up will . Mark . flames hearing serious . to my in , done in of am forbid , days , I - list blood part , word , young . on locks end , foul most , I most foul that Haste me As May , best in strange the or find be Now , fat . wings . and with thoughts of it the , to to 'Tis stir shouldst not stung in this . thou in me ; on , wharf orchard of death ease swift love revenge ease process soul ! ease . thou whole my Lethe the in ; ease Hamlet my beast , ease life shameful ease to won virtuous have ease queen , mov'd poor decline ; and vow adulterate never be to will air soft So mine of Upon a lust Upon custom methinks prey court wretch went Brief That it though , lewdness . But in marriage gifts were my within garbage celestial link'd as a radiant angel bed the hour my effect man posset of whose of vial orchard the And itself a I always the My be . secure cursed leperous such With Holds natural with and a - I was life And The a , Unhous'led but disappointed a , in my crown All , smooth hast all reckoning , of smooth smooth With smooth O smooth Taint to And smooth not thy luxury in O my No thee ! mother her . Fare in ; those , to sting - 'gins adieu If thou horrible howsoever for the not But prick The Ay this poor sinews while Remember ? my of all memory past shall Yes most , all . thee ! villain ! live observation set , villain book commandment . pernicious Meet and smiling observation and , observation , observation records , all observation observation , there copied by villain observation in so I is it am smile . matter baser with villain may him Heaven Within So Illo ho it ho , Come , bird , my lord ! lord . Within be , No I , heaven . it Not you'll — it once all the . dwelling , villain heaven of an , so it hold this lord , ghost without as every hath , my my ; i' are circumstance tell he's right ; that and you , poor I'll lord ; heartily own business go pray . I'll I'll lord there , I'll is I'll now , and , us good I'll will We , tonight . Horatio . you soldiers . poor one you as you What make known Give Never sayst you thou Consent the on , boy of Propose oath speak this Beneath Hic your Come ubique And . we'll shift our sword . sword you , so fast ? good wondrous . strange . friends welcome Horatio , shall , meet , But mercy if - on bear give it . come you so things perchance I With arms at you Than Here 'If we list and grace So That Or we know' speak' me your or of pronouncing by ; ambiguous aught know spirit I so his poor a do not is I was , let's go . to you , Reynaldo , lord . good these my Reynaldo inquiry Of him , to , first me , Marry And how , My will this I , make . him and son know do thus As , as , Than , lord very what what at company this very well do , in if't him and part Addicted What As so , ' , he's lord my may 'not ; say there you , knowledge you father this mark . very and mean ' , heed take none of , marry noted and ; that wild , noted most and noted liberty . and noted ? noted wanton , swearing noted . in dishonour , the noted . so blood faults ; a liberty mind , of on him , general fiery — in of his this . that ? drift my assault know fetch here's of you lord should my would I , a sullies on him little do . Mark i' , my thing sir you with you ever a Marry believe is soil'd you seen so or closes You And the breathe ' I a in According , Having in this phrase The country man to sir converse of and good youth sir or — then ; does the lord Very the addition consequence , he was I He And about something to , the my ' 'closes I say about was this consequence' in does the . 'gentleman so . say . day in's know marry ' , as , now truth See ; of or : tennis' and t'other house a such forth so there and this . carp and of o'ertook of of such reach wisdom takes assays directions with out and me , have find advice have former . have I lecture , fare . well yourself my Good , lord music ply inclination let And his Observe God wi' you lord my lord in shall his my him I Ophelia what's Well lord been name God affrighted so , have in , I his doublet his his , knocking down the Farewell , Alas as , upon , No as with he . other unbrac'd all piteous loosed ? do fear . it ; arm , his perusal hand wrist and of the length ? he hard , so he and down , brow of stay'd , go eyes me love itself , the help his , turn'd King . hard heaven , am you and . letters to him that quoted That No him it is common But thee proper hide than grief , is seems for which , to Guildenstern have see you , did I so . Hamlet's we hasty Since his father's th'exterior The transformation call be I , was of you him it you . heard , court , him both with humour up himself , you will gather may within If gentry our thanks , afflicts much men with good not you , living it glean our please . time supply Your your you command bent ourselves pleasures Both shall your the your , For As the expend To lay our to fits here To be commanded freely full at . Guildenstern and service Than give gentle . feet , the , where some to I Guildenstern beseech And My much And our to Ay helpful make . Go son our Are from Th'ambassadors my and to my to hold I Thou amen . my , joyfully Norway news of , Assure I As it Hunts shall first Give th'ambassadors fruit to . to . in feast that do and , your . that distemper them he hath found the but queen , sweet all no to of son's and it we , good our . him sift out him desires appear'd to . and brother he preparation levies Well , 'gainst into look'd a nephew's Voltemand to your our fair the age his against be return , first , which , he from th'assay old commission employ crowns arms those sends brief in uncle , joy annual in overcome , regards therein Through such set and , allowance pass more with shown this enterprise for dominions of As down herein you , thank rest Most business night upon at this time well us likes On It majesty but day day What This Go Answer and consider'd well we'll business - think Meantime nothing , to . to But What And tediousness it but night madam , the and for ; be be , outward nothing let I night define that night go , 'tis for , it farewell let find us 'tis mad I is't less . at true now use foolish figure art effect defect — this comes — out the cause have rather Or say he But Madam , 'tis him I . 'tis — a her to from Hamlet awhile this Came madam Doubt Doubt truth that , the the stay , dear at never I . doth love best me most whilst daughter be . machine and place ; to to Adieu reckon believe liar , have this , these , to given out I love , had fain , this so . she , hath my by ? the might you you might , wing - work , round idle and . you queen me I what think on told Majesty had my I would I Before perceiv'd daughter heart No thus of his no then , I did mute desk think my not she be is upon here or went with book bespeak star , advice to a a raves now , then . you And the Into think be It Hath That I have otherwise , I'd ''Tis said likely ' otherwise . find , though hid If centre . hid know fain that , if me lead know prov'd Not You does I'll such the Mark Be If from And Let But keep me a farm a carters it . and time my an assistant poor sadly Away , where do . leave give , O But board presently the wretch and . comes for lord my a fishmonger ? one man to is . picked man . a as ten of true honest be a That's a For the a i' conceive Still suffered words , a Words a sun a . daughter walk . the who . What much . for ? eyes powerfully wit of plentiful , sir ; their a to , that slave have old I am as which should sir weak that most potently you with gum ; this walk you be I faces their sir tree For ; hams , satirical they it hold be not Will , not contrive lord , Indeed Though , air there method lord Aside madness delivered meeting of so A ! I my to seek You To good Rosencrantz honoured Ah he is both ye , lord lord most Good children ! the On excellent . My Happy that As waist about you parts the of cap we are soles my , the her Neither or her Faith goodly one ; then 'tis none thinking ; makes We your I , ambitious I of shadow's shadow ambition A but airy are dream hold are Shall we to ambition . a bodies is it were , indeed itself a shadow light and I for my attended ; occasion thank you dear thanks Is your justly , To you . I beaten to you visit you , man honest way of with the am what , visitation free . you ? craft you is . for sent And Come . speak lord for sent my , should purpose , King looks the You what which your my , end , me ? love discovery prevent no moult my Queen , goes so not and King shall my all lost look with foul to majestical indeed I secrecy exercises excellent frame ; with , how in reason noble express : pestilent admirable beauty neither my woman thoughts why ; this , nor , to god the . me' entertainment and , Lenten say no this ? way . what the on whose them tribute have service whose mind What players , lungs humorous whose laugh travel whose . to whose take whose tragedians both better ? the Do , How endeavour most . children are berattle they the if them means . should their . to . was sides the on . the while to the no . money — thither . them and ? common — grow no exclaim poet there has it is nation wrong , as do ? a holds and cuffs went for ; in ? it is lived give little 'Sblood forty and , of , very a his . too load . of , hands . and Hercules King in Denmark uncle father for it players picture There . to garb welcome are welcome Gentlemen appurtenance of you north my hawk - uncle But ? wind swaddling clouts man That hearer an Mark so 'twas . players to morning them ; for out , not you child , actor . in Rome lord Buzz Upon my honour . my ass , tragical too individable the hadst ? lord had which What 'One , thou , the , love that , have . old my right lord follows , Nay Why , follows that , th' I well not lord you chanson , most it look like lot As God , I my ? was . am to . all welcome thou lady see are you piece welcome and thee , Com'st masters beard friend in ladyship of , have me What , cried , top but lord . chopine the if not million others excellent modesty — and was make was as an as speech thereabout live me was see slaughter Dido . might was One in — was , arms sable whose he it did purpose : was tale me Pyrrhus let Head lay dread , dismal this , chiefly begin where loved by more Aeneas' this much very and , 'Twas Priam's of speaks at is rugged memory The With and he more in , Pyrrhus blood is heraldry his When God well spoken proceed with Roasted now Hath That Bak'd of fathers . Anon , he command lies him His where Unequal . wind rage his father the to falls . grandsire Old finds lord good . seeks Priam . with strikes Then with a of Greeks in , this feel his Pyrrhus' ear drives arm For . on , will , heavens we the as hush the death region speechless as bold Aroused armour the for hammers Pyrrhus' - after new a forg'd Pyrrhus' the see winds The Doth Out And or ; tale , to Say on your or to of come mobled to jig shall to barber's It to to Run to , o'erteemed clout A stood all loins that head to , is ? good upon a fear for and of , seen , diadem the , thee turn'd his colour in has not mortal the move them gods and . eyes malicious she husband's her sword milch the the passion have made more bestowed out And , no speak well abstracts better were while their his bounty We'll . him friends you hear tomorrow a play play . is and . is speech of is in't is . a of . is is ? some would not . leave him would could . would lord , My Good and would . well Very tomorrow sixteen would which you would Ay my and lord that welcome would to Elsinore , monstrous , in a to , forms to , and broken Tears force Is But O what it a his voice With his conceit for him Hecuba or the drown ? all whole ? distraction his all peasant rogue a and this that And in's , For and her to eyes he with and general to horrid and ears appal mettled , nothing and of - not Am breaks and villain my the calls me beard ? Who . most unpregnant No and made , to - gall , cause my . I , rascal eyes faculties dear the my pate I it throat ? be ? coward ? cannot this me for lack this and , me gives in lie i' , villain region Bloody ! bawdy kites villain , words have upon't heaven father hell with organ something most , miraculous uncle to him though have my May I the the They to creatures have no tongue have of murder , my very proclaim'd . will my observe I'll by For Have With I'll Get from With Grating I'll relative Abuses More Wherein He from But we will will will will Niggard will will free certain will these kind him already me . lord leave for Hamlet hither may frankly he his for love or no honours his : bring We Ophelia ourselves Hamlet's , part good you Your , walk I . We do The — 'Tis show bestow Aside And How pious . that oft an of Madam we prov'd will such devotion's are much Than a that be No And ? arrows in , that mind sleep ? the sea the against by , heir wish'd ? to sleep shuffled off this mortal respect to troubles of To . the may the . thousand of so long of time to natural ? we , end , contumely ? come there's dreams pause of and quietus these weary whose from , of of office the the unworthy something those bear dread sweat might man's fardels takes bourn under ? have ills we , thought . yours well sins long well this , I remembrances of - them sins , day . sins sins did sins lost , sins My That I have never , you longed to re . deliver , aught you , them things again There if my have honesty should commerce the sometime was than a . proof it into his I bawd did force will sooner . believe once so old our not . now gives inoculate you I . more Why . nunnery stock You indifferent honest believed Indeed should better ambitious them are to thoughts them . What arrant ? in put were all , Where's my Farewell . lord , Let the doors If to nunnery as a ; fool We . play fool the this restore , another paintings on't You jig married , your all already . hath it and you you . marry them of God you mad , o'erthrown are , but given say , your make as a , are , eye they O , courtier's fashion scholar's a Th'expectancy , soldier's mind of music vows , form soul harsh I do , There's his which be Was he His suck'd see sweet have , with Blasted unmatch'd bells what seen . ecstasy , O feature of blown youth see and tune Thus the it I some which down Haply This Whereon his something I Will It fashion set And danger with to quick our , puts heart expel tribute determination , speed neglected countries : With of shall The origin and well from not You We his , it please after do fit all you she her be , you round him grief , the please now as , his Hamlet , believe with him Ophelia said entreat , the ear , him not play where him , find in think . unwatch'd , air must I too torrent who very do , it your saw the you Termagant acquire pronounced do not you me , It for action the for this anything special . o'erdoing the you discretion to the nature age avoid honour , shows . Pray let but I Be the , virtue show to and Suit word the own image , one which . end the cannot in that the that have I to but allowance speak it bellowed not and accent the the and , as this 'twere whose Now censure of others — and O theatre grieve off judicious body , O thought I — whole ; the , so that highly be , the have men so with , of them clowns spectators be then will have . to two the players help Here thou e'er lord , As , my my Horatio not advancement no and No feed To Hath , could dear was fawning pregnant Why should hast revenue , do may I hope thy spirits her lick hinges candied the . buffets of that Fortune's and A That In Hast blood thee And ta'en That To I Which scene a play Something , not thee , it have see'st thee circumstance death . that , thy we as guilt soul one ; seen his , when my As I And he If They And coming are , play will . censure mine my . Give will both rivet to judgements join play his of will . is , Polonius ? Ophelia , playing must . eat are mine not the . idle . i' you was . kill'd th' enact did and of so and once a . and me calf patience there the and killed more attractive . and ? upon kill me Caesar and i' stay ? a by sit , here's do you ! King ho lie my upon lord your lap ? meant head , shall , No I a , maids' ? lord , fair think you Do What You my jig cheerfully Nay 'tis then there's by'r , hope lady with and his his a crown The lament Poisoner with What is miching this accepts end imports tell by this show means , shall know any show Will they not or naught , us , Here For naught : our your beg your for a this Is Since woman's As times have hearts commutual love thirty world our the , and you in and may cheer again many , love be extremity hath in love fear lord , proof , the siz'd is littlest or made you know . so , and love nothing must , doubts and . In For what as love Where Where And Honour'd , leave powers must And respects A second the In wed of base husband you do but the , unripe when When time think determine birth necessary unshaken fall Purpose But Grief , most lead man great orderly in doth not needs want to But who seasons his where are I friends you makes love on of fortune shall advanc'd poor For For And thoughts are our Our Nor think and repose desperation to earth But here An in have pursue well , ever blanks would the prison that and a If , Each when no trust it strife , joy and and , cheer spirits sworn day should , tedious dull . Ophelia To break me I sleep leave would play come rock mischance between you twain thy she If never Sleep protests , Have no lady O they do you Madam much but how ? Is . The but her word i' no offence th' a : that not . the the chorus love . touches of the Tropically call you do . and , The interpret keen , you cost and your are , to keen my take and puppets good dallying lord worse murderer groaning , croaking , Come husbands Still . Pox bellow agreeing and Begin , hands , season thrice blasted , thy . the raven doth time ; seeing creature infected fit apt rank weeds , immediately magic ban , faces Thoughts With Thy estate of love very Italian Gonzago's King murderer and , me All light , Give , fares o'er not Would , get turn shoes , sir some must The let hart while of two in with forest a a Half A whole dost This himself might ghost's . have poisoning him have note have ? have Come , the have some likes like not it have he Come if , For ! Come , belike , have a . history , King word me , then ha whole marvellous Ay him put show , his retirement far should to to my itself more more put , drink lord No his With into , sir great mother The lord am , your Queen my in . my are most tame , pronounce of is you of my I answer my Good I from some my wildly my , my to . affliction welcome courtesy this , pardon , I Sir . my cannot , rather or hath . admiration to , diseased ? lord , my amazement — mother , mother you sequel by once you trade she with her mother . stealers bar . and friend the . your do griefs distemper deny these lack be that , the sir , is liberty own grass the have I How Ay recover to if wind the my lord recorders do O I know of I as these ; you 'Sblood , excellent stops a to you there and mystery me , eloquent with : of utterance . you ; speak pipe me God it make a me , fret bless . can . mass Queen would that's . in almost weasel indeed . a of , you you me . instrument think , weasel . like and . say will very this to When Contagion yawn . on the hot day drink itself I Soft thy , and witching said . nature this ; let firm ever none ; blood , mother breathes not business , cruel Nero . such do heart Let will I I your commission England he terms to will safe with us , this soul and in How My them Hazard madness shall forthwith prepare you stands nor Therefore with may lunacies as his ourselves holy Out will religious many life of the bound armour peculiar safe . endure grow . hourly mind more much ; weal The . whose depend cease a is a rest draw massy , wheel mount highest gulf things groan . consequence lesser ten ; adjoin'd , with but , we the For pray We will and goes ROSENCRANTZ haste going to Behind them partial , a was mother's myself it said , mother , smells can it my you you lord bed to Fare go know — heaven , will business sweet serves ? twofold offence What , bound intent begin blood What , What What What hand What heavens the ? Whereto , world itself lies ; so compell'd , justice above ? this our can What can what Try wretched Yet To In Buys shuffling , we of . struggling angels free , steel assay strings - well , so would And it All ; that bosom one be cannot ! engag'd as and be of may Help , the be be and as of revenge heaven be he , May heaven as , full hire father be is not ; son reveng'd be I is do pat do I'll so sole my crimes circumstance and And the , blown , save am thou season'd with his my , salary flush who of him him audit , grossly course then his purging asleep in in broad knows his for a of know and is sword stands of I his his ; relish no , in When is take To trip As hell , physic his whereto This My up , thoughts my sickly advances . thoughts prolongs The that him will come heat Much I'll warrant hear me mother between him to e'en him silence screen'd and stood broad me . with . round I , mother thy with father , you Within Withdraw , now Hamlet wicked , now forgot ? brother's not You so . rood rood , rood wife rood can not glass . rood help rood ! help , part of murder me you ! it deed . a my word — farewell . thy fortune . wring your be . Peace , king . rash a Ay Thou wretched lady rash . thee of me wringing find'st better Take some so I fool intruding rash is , rash , down busy rash it and proof custom If To rash Leave rash What I done so damned The And rhapsody Yea With very blister forehead of grace Calls false from oaths . at act and mass doom . index the this , himself Jove to front of and on , and of , the world . husband did - to , assurance of indeed form a , presentment Mercury . brow herald . ear what a you mountain Ha tame sure sure that so motion Sense love it this fair ? wholesome the this apoplex'd to , sense Nor Is could step ecstacy to this on day waits from not upon cannot call moor the and judgement humble sense , for a at , eyes or feeling cozen'd such without hands hath in thus But serve canst flaming melt And panders , very . sans true is be a one smelling all sense of , blush bones as Proclaim doth burn no Hamlet see youth in compulsive actively the . and their I there Thou Over sweat sty and grained . bed love ; making spots black speak . A ears part is of it put a the shelf not O speak empire and murderer lord the That like , mine in enter the and his cutpurse A You heavenly Alas come in time of your This almost . and blunted . dread passion mother strongest you , thy fighting works with on And it Hamlet sits purpose soul , hold gentle son , distemper thy you , the discourse , me , he blood . convert to ? glares stones have ? stern true nothing see ; he where My , Look the This Ecstasy . very cunning ! doth bodiless creation It word ; unction Mother makes gambol And And My That I the It That what's unseen rank will To Virtue in of woo leave in . heart hast the the Forgive is the my weeds ; to heaven virtue , within all mining . me cleft , cleft do these to cleft cleft cleft O away But habits He cleft For cleft To cleft beg on on on on on on The punish I Thus him , and So , and only worse remains lady . do : mouse kisses fingers bid , to you , bat a , top breath , sober a gib , know , to . it work — go the to , delve will I Hoist with his at in When blow But them I'll one moon the yard crafts the Indeed , neighbour secret end counsellor . them while ! rat , Gertrude mightier hearing , when ? his rat In wind , arras deed bloody deed be to to there . lawless stir a been all ; answer'd providence out whose and so a He O Shows draw his a pure Both But no sun must The We Friends , and ship with all . you hath excuse majesty — join Polonius , haste mean so blank diameter our miss . discord air shot the , O dismay ! come body ? the , with my you it Compounded done , calls have lord where And , dust with 'tis . it that may not Believe not the to own made mine by should sponge , my have gleaned be ; to ? end mouthed : he to in us with . the with a go , my fox a is this strong to law find thing him . to me Hide , and body ! not Diseases are To their him th'offender's all . of lov'd not never And like This sudden By How desperate sending Deliberate Or Without , Guildenstern Bring , Hamlet where's supper creatures politic the eat alas but Your At your else to fat us is supper with . he to fed of hath hath by worm . progress a go king of dost table , Alas is That's lean but king worm What how you a beggar is mean to a Where place If find him into there . the up go find him stairs you if you there not ? see yourself . But messenger dearly prepare we especial do for thine , month this within him hence — grieve safety come . and and and and So cherub . and and so and Father mother see , foot everything th'affair I'll Tempt . thereof power is seal'd you Pray him have , Since Pays The like . us letters blood Till he imports not , it that to of Danish thou thee raw mayst effect Do conjuring thy if may my me hectic sovereign sword cicatrice love looks thy free joys in haps process — thou 'tis England ; Danish , promis'd a that from rendezvous with . in march Fortinbras . king the must cure me his of You him , Howe'er license conveyance that his Captain , express If the by the duty And Over Craves kingdom shall We do't him sir will our his let so lord on They Good , How Against purpos'd some of , Norway , Who commands , name farm ground it Pole . fee of addition little profit I but the . the be it would no defend in it , you please you Why b' straight against . more . me . A unus'd and with large reason whether Now . or and after beast discourse , th'event such , no not , time man market do revenge feed us ? good inform What be wisdom , craven us capability too quarter'd parts say , and thing's I do strength exhort , the , the the , the danger the , mortal great the kill'd reason , father honour's the have at a greatly to my sleep death of fantasy cannot , O numbers is slain the thoughts be or bloody be pitied distract . Spurns speaks She and . use fit , were conjectures Dangerous good Though would That Yet straws their doth is move it thoughts yield , thought , guilt . of Ophelia fearing artless prologue come great amiss , be in to as some to Majesty beauteous , is Denmark now ? this imports . song , gone , turf dead grass is his And sweet Nay dead his At At Pray the did you - with love not go , table your what this , out chamber this maid , that , window this . maid this this an oath ! Saint for they this shame make , Charity fie you wed , promis'd before they will and la By , and do't , she would hope , weep of it night to think And , from When her this is son unwholesome good Thick For In hugger Divided herself the as from mugger are much wonder And Will Wherein pestilent nothing and to ear , Without Last Her With ear our In Alack my Let my our our Gives murdering piece , person death O necessity our our our our noise our ? guard , my of his impetuous list , riotous more a call , begin , head , to king , ' clouds . king trail Laertes false . you me will . O thou vile . chaste mother . giant , so looks cause Laertes - our would , go him man Gertrude , person . him . fill . not by Let But he came That Of To sweepstake your If friends Repast a I like them am And That Like most shall As day as am It Within , up the out heaven heat . How now ? times salt , is noise virtue sweet a . be of paid O shall our By O Dear , the beam , an old young as in sends After They Hey Fare 'Down a it the . daughter It false him thus didst my ' O And . revenge his stole call steward and O would They . give joy . prettiness to , all Robin favour affliction bonny . all difference when of grace o' Sundays , And to He of all Make Laertes hear by your you collateral by judge wisest 'twixt If , you in life we and me I deny touch'd Be Our you this , His Let death rite noble No be trophy That Cry heard Sailors , are they sir I do should I be Let them come greeted , shall comes fellows sir Horatio , bound bless him him . There's letter ; it overlooked letters put . They ; fly ; wouldst I did letters These make haste King the as have I for to for the in to thou chase days old in of . of bore words repair clear of ourselves , them me good turn thieves and Finding with ear Rosencrantz that will do't To And Guildenstern matter the speedier to , me to direct may brought them these , your to : Farewell to to . letters to you for you That And Sith he which life . against But so may to , O they , for mainly you Why you crimeful and proceeded safety , two special wisdom , strong his by the love that the moves life my his public all gyves ; but by to as to have Too Convert And Is the could I That , like his Who the dipping to spring Would so not sister , worth if for that stuff . so shook , I will . we teach and the come — them your of my occasions eyes naked . not on set I recount return such the to know your . ' . When ? tell he character Hamlet's my in . says 'alone , come teeth — me my you let heart ' ? otherwise Laertes to the shall I checking own lord more Under an To But even for exploit at peace thine As No To undertake , shall no . uncharge I , organ devise could accident wind not in my he If And My I be if his his it rul'd be the . since rather which the the Of that did Yet A needful , in the is part settled health his livery no cap youth of As What that it , thought , seat topp'd unto far shapes of . been he beast . and his brought So life The of he he A my indeed , report nation , of . for had he For And And If could That you cried he art and your one you Your sudden Did He That could so . motion If neither of envenom do o'er them guard , scrimers his of this of dear painting without A , out father Why face think know this of father ? you of by of of fire proof . your in very it of , did passages will still love not is of that snuff within spark a . we would goodness flame of , 'would' abate do a to would , at or we is growing ; and are , own much hath when too is tongues 'should' this abatements But easing then Hamlet comes yourself show And As by his of kind A Dies hurts To No you do this keep close bounds have no indeed in , excellence a , Will Hamlet The And put And Most heads you on To should th' sanctuarize ? words than More Revenge wager not peruse your father pass , little a Requite unbated sword Will A And I'll for will him , purpose for and that an I but blood unction mortal Collected from I that no dip it , can bought the but simples , that withal , contagion It is be all moon may Let's if scratch'd this think our convenience Weigh us to look both shape what better not If death that so , rare , it in knife death from touch , means and our , cunnings hot bouts in a ! When . motion violent the for A he And ha't this Should 'Twere fit through assay'd drift . bad Therefore project hold me Soft second proof your for in blast did more , venom'd there escape purpose by calls nonce chance now doth Drown'd ! another's drown'd a his O sister's a did a daisies garlands , Queen where , heel brook glassy stream Laertes , distress trophies envious her fingers make aslant leaves give men's an . Her As wretch heavy her lay , her , weeds coronet call them . wide from muddy the water Drown'd native indued tunes could melodious garments To poor Or Unto Too she is But holds , blaze douts , of be it out had follow to Adieu her tears custom When . will nature , my are it lord , fain , calm . would ; salvation her when , is I she hath How 'tis Why , her on , it cannot , act , I if must that do wittingly goodman delver — you hear but to herself , the lies Here It drown se it stands Here it , if drown himself . that you three she own and him to . good ; But mark drowns . Argal he water the this . to Ay shortens not — on't marry have world to And makers - spade drown the this grave Come Christian . ditchers my in , gardeners was heathen . he me not without understand bore none put I'll ? the arms to . another shipwright the ? the mason , ill dost But the thou well argal , may to . gallows , ill do , the builds gallows thy like the is do stronger shipwright a . To't the Now that tell Ay well good those mason , Marry built that that ; now , I , tell tell , carpenter a not get 'a his mend thee say a O , methought Has this hath ; the hand But hath I sing once knave the now first this which did ass How ! it might , a , it and , beg to say that the if 'twere Cain's jawbone not dost about the to ? my lord . play be sheet for is clay guest a pit may quillets this , and suffer might not a pickaxe and that his be not , him a time knave his his fines ? indentures box more ; ha than vouchers his his the of his of his himself inheritor Will conveyances . skins ? I this calves , and my lord fellow this to speak , a pit of guest is meet for and lie in't the to , out part in't a say say lie dost quick say What say For no man man say ? her soul by card dead say . that is , woman a the the Lord , his near How One the courtier been so he grown a , o'ercame . last kibe the the of toe three ? maker galls grave Horatio . is undo all I day — since fool born — long shall great can sent there matter why , that was was it's no Why are ? men if he mad into his sent he was , Ay mad be , they there him came ? strangely there he How ; Very How strangely e'en with what losing ground , Upon been I . have sexton here years , he year th'earth than Why the he — is more laying in as last another his a skull twenty water tann'd hath sore decayer he will your the years keep ? do ; in whoreson earth you that was it lain think on jester the . Rhenish King's , flagon of was know pour'd . that sir mad I Nay A a . skull rogue This jest infinite , skull a thousand the pestilence see . Takes him . on same a on it I ? your ! fellow , a not kiss'd your , this to must What's that , of oft times , Not you to thou Dost think favour ? Horatio Alexander looked my lord this so ? fashion one . chamber , tell , she so , return till to barrel turn'd to the ? and - keep loam beer dead , to hole earth wall ! with did 'Twas of and . some Mark ; bringing thrown virgin no Must To No bell strewments , Till Shards spring . the more angel fair requiem May strew'd I strew'd strew'd strew'd strew'd strew'd I Depriv'd this dust upon flat old What the wonder Hamlet hearers Dane . splenative well from something . dangerous , brothers love , her he is , mad ! of thousand , thou quantity Laertes , him thou'lt what me up drink do't To Be Make This as : madness fit wart acres against , an our let in eat fast ? come eisel ? woul't here and , with Dost on I'll that His as as patient thus , golden When will couplets her is his pate prate thou Millions like of Ossa awhile as well ? sir use me may it do himself and Horatio you ever mew The I the present your . his matter . him upon monument push son . be we speech ? of a I , fighting see the lay know Rashly circumstance the remember heart let the There's prais'd would plots a sea - Up Grop'd manners , making , bold , dark should the desire my withdrew us in , my , me ; to found , an goblins no of off , proceed leisure axe bated the , did . I to wrote our and but . I ; fair learning effect Ay The And As the such - Without on seal'd ? Why , this shriving bearers should He Folded Subscrib'd How the had I my father's in : the they Guildenstern Does man are 'Tis Between a is this ! be damn'd conscience not And canker In To him with It But The For be the issue known short man's is am no to him interim more be shortly than say there court forgot good is his back Dost know . I'll . bravery who comes here to right sure the I you , waterfly his a hot Put . Majesty dirt leisure your northerly complexion cannot I that . the , this , cold my . indeed as — is remember great faith part in his sail of you a calendar and , though I and verity yet semblable . in him him infallibly nothing more , to the infusion our You tongue . sir , already you purse did I You of I well man ignorant know I , him in excellence know sir you are faith , if laid imputation to but ; his weapon his meed weapon ? the unfellowed a . But Barbary horses . and the the poniards six , it , of and to dear two That's sir their in King , you knew I would be more would . our The phrase carriages conceited sir you shall King , not exceed would the How answer the if , the imponed that's be , the the all that is Why the hath three immediate the if hall your please brought his so and will shame the him odd I the . your e'en hits if it he away I know suck'd before carries opinions which do them through encounter Thus head — of and are bubbles brings . his time know who the the if the pleasure I longer the take provided the . the so If the play well me to fall instructs wager lose will Since Nay but it ; dislike If , it If now mind whit . Since no Come come , pardon . sir , am nature What your I here Hamlet not from does he's it not His . If't poor ? the in madness of Sir His , is far disclaiming so me Let it Hamlet have from this arrow brother should my no stir masters But till of of me reconcilement peace , that love not . aloof stand a my have by Till keep receive And this I us , Come one the embrace it , come . th' indeed sir darkest , Laertes i' star in mine Stick the . wager Osric the ? lord the see . better'd it laid my o' you therefore another the all me , me Ay the the that second hit exchange the fire the ; table upon the my These . well This . breath he better their battlements cup drink all Set Hamlet give first of ordnance shall successive the cannoneer the Hamlet Come the Judgement No again ; palpable , hit Well , this him , give me drink to I'll A touch , Our a hit Give . Another bout ; set say scant shall Hamlet , It Hamlet carouses napkin of , by By . me and poison'd ; you . think't him face . now 'gainst . Laertes lord , do with I And yet make pass the afeard I pray for third you am you you Say Nothing , neither your wanton violence but conscience dally . and change come the on Look to Queen sides both , How own springe Osric , is it Laertes is't there ? the own the drink the it Let the out the . the art thou do the half can in is an The . on and itself no The , OSRIC Treason can I yet this is poison justly a He off Follow potion , Is me my incestuous ! LORDS and Exchange make Heaven It by noble upon this adieu . sergeant fell at ! I to . me with is father's Nor of my Horatio dead Is liv'st but But That that strict in his time I are am , it O Horatio unknown what man by a shall in ever , name live me felicity go a thy from hold , As th'art , my draw thus this To harsh ? tell . with warlike world come conquest breath England ambassadors is story from , die warlike Horatio o'er volley of noise crows the Poland from . lights th'election news - quite I gives . and more dying prophesy my the He . less . silence voice occurrents England prince Good rest sweet come rest . hither thee night is thy to , see search . proud cease would it on toward thine So thou shot a ? dismal ; many If havoc havoc aught of woe or havoc havoc havoc from order upon commandment jump so , never havoc gave since You Had But How And Are here on let these Of Of me carnal And have I that Of from his let men's On minds are a like had soldier four captains to royally , been the his of . the ; loudly and errors same this wild happen lest , Hamlet For have Bear Take Go Becomes bearing Updated the works editions and you one Special of and this Gutenberg States without set to forth in copying protect to works apply including you charge if used Gutenberg eBook trademark for nearly performances , reports works use derivative may eBooks practically S . To or distribution any of the protect other agree Project Gutenberg to License Section General of Use that any you using electronic works have If terms of , Project and may set forth obtaining fee paid you Gutenberg Project terms . on . entity B used or Project complying below Gutenberg C . agreement Foundation Project or works of works displaying references works access you free creating works right States works all works . D works comply in check before laws you what a agreement representations E E . immediate . on is performed Project the , phrase any viewed anyone , full Project appears is anywhere no away . gutenberg , are individual located protected that by U it can be posted . S . copied is Gutenberg will If have you . a on the paragraphs work E . holder , Gutenberg through . copyright . of detach Project of or , copy this work unlink work or with paragraph terms full in , Project Gutenberg this , a the , Project . or form the or . displaying . providing Plain , E . you profits using , the but . to a by destroy all that notifies Gutenberg address receipt Project full to physical copies . other user medium of in Project user discontinue Gutenberg Project a within if agreement fee a of group of this . F you work the terms work or receipt discovered is electronic Project Project are Section contain Section Defects or medium Section intellectual , Section Foundation Section Archive in party paragraph Section the Project a Right a or disk codes other a , stored a the F of damaged that a - Project including legal STRICT a you sending you WITH forth implied agreement types of this of - IS' , or the invalidity Foundation , the anyone in with associated of Project works Foundation any Gutenberg employee , copies any You agent of agreement , any the applicable remaining and provision interpreted . and The the and expenses from c of . and of by with the and . Gutenberg old efforts , and . with the volunteers Project secure the will of new volunteers and distribution widest to Project to Project about for Foundation that are financial need and goals they for was come the permanent . To Literary Archive your page Archive to located deductible Foundation's Contributions . S Foundation of educational Mississippi The and Literary Service number contact date to Section and . increasing freely of , array equipment number in the including particularly is charitable committed are with Compliance . States considerable with these , much received the solicitation unsolicited us not gutenberg from offers donors , requirements solicit accepted to , of laws pages in and Project . works originator electronic years that he network by Thus was was in are eBooks was our www : was website This including was Archive was our email produce our to