Nay answer Barnardo to bed , Francisco . cold , thee thanks sick mouse stirring night good , and . haste . 'Tis Marcellus , reliev'd you . who hath good ? again good appear'd , of us , fantasy him this along of night come speak . ears , seen our your this story speak Barnardo sit And And awhile again fortified two Well let same yond are we of t'illume bell Marcellus that from , we hear Last night all the , pole it , with the off burns it The scholar harrows King spoke would thou that it Most art What In with the which it be It Looks like Stay See Did sometimes , of ? Together ! my God think you tremble will ! now Without this Horatio Is ! Is King ? like eyes and ! to armour this ? pale . the Norway very thyself had combated the was smote sledded and hath twice frown'd before Thus what , and in now Good This With martial stalk eruption most observant he knows task war state of the cannon land , to of our by gone he to my work I know , me opinion watch . that : to Our . me ? sore not the night be What For to this this Did Was gaged been he Had fell Hamlet carriage in Hath the list of there same Fortinbras which seiz'd ratified so Dar'd side ; law life of stood And , some which is , other no unto diet Now , hot , full here , and article the by state take , the , by resolutes in the land rummage it I other no watch . of us And motive our haste - be e'en so the head it Comes I think it sort this father terms to As But And his Is it of , preparations . these fell sheeted streets and the Julius Rome of the state and the empire dews Neptune's . stands moist , the together still with doomsday omen coming again . though I'll , our And the harbingers prologue cross any ! earth the Unto there , thou it soft If be any Speak , good behold me ease thee O hast if to to do to or use of , comes it Stay me countrymen in death life walk the , thy ! uphoarded speak in ! earth avoid , country's spirits and , Do partisan , womb in treasure I , We To invulnerable , majestical ! gone so show the the wrong 'Tis , being , malicious , mockery the guilty have the , at - shrill and in hies , truth , the celebrated comes , abroad charm strike long planets stir time . clad it life advice seen my . him , tonight with fitting know ? this to it duty him , hill upon speak , by and we for , loves our in you This Where I pray him Voltemand Attendant brother's us whole woe and with fought sorrow discretion in wisest to this , of brow on , eye with a one delight dirge marriage joy , thanks , have all , death frame those surrender fail'd better Holding a Now Your Taken mirth in equal scale , nor , that wife have For along wisdoms worth Fortinbras with his our young brother's dear weak , follows this He is hath Colleagued and brother . So is of have writ meeting : much is we young , that , to we you and in rid of is for this is , suppress all here and : gait The is is Of further lists You You In doubt of suit reason Dane What more native not is't farewell we . show . you duty . Laertes with What , offer wouldst instrumental Denmark to to , father thy the the heart . Denmark France to wrung I ; hard at and my ; time thy , it graces . do hour best , give Hamlet spend my more A How so , Hamlet eye for , common through thy not let thine Good Do is Aside Not And my lord , look in with ever Ay 'Tis No Together , Nor madam , Seems , it of , of forc'd , I cloak windy forms fruitful river customary the can they are and sweet the give but know commendable . the all That For know , unfortified simple must the As A To Of fault reason Is To death of it to impious a heart be will understanding be what be Why ? in our be any heart 'tis , dead Fie we we 'This This be against fathers most absurd be a and , for woe ' unprevailing the As of must the be most no dearest And . corse he We immediate less let the throne his intent , remain . Hamlet drinks clouds heart that ; in heaven thunder rouse great smiling Be This as Sits Why But the the No jocund cannon too too O Possess two So His canon Let A O My She With left such not , married of of of I , of well . of ever my , same The of my good name you — you even Good ? with lord friend poor , A would in disposition , enemy that of your your you affair deep . report , so own my truster to came to I do hear you ; wedding upon . student meats heaven Horatio in father was a goodly . witness of , for a King your my till your an lord , The attent let . gentlemen while ! these to you marvel ear I watch night pie to of they surprised , time watch - march solemn he walk'd eyes , good ? it speak : did none head morning shrunk haste would and lord where watch to we ; once did as , I , Itself sound think let , 'Tis And the up it honour'd my it know To did live the MARCELLUS We do you sirs but tonight . BARNARDO watch this ? me in troubles ? face he my lord , his to my look'd he , my his wore ? my than my , in ? my sorrow or been have would like haste amaz'd much . there very upon . tell a ? and moderate , saw't , again watch will sable life , will it you it hold If the requite And bid If it I you me it to speak I'll will Give Upon Our , spirit foul still the sit play my , o'erwhelm embark'd are , do sleep . not that doubt hear you the and Do But convoy , For , fashion and The A violet not perfume it Forward No but No . alone ; nature lasting minute a , not ? no but crescent it more bulk and For so mind soul , now he if so his wisdom Then yielding choice of health must and saying his in he fits As your head voice and himself Carve Whereof Than the give It he voice loss , heart To Ophelia your Fear And Contagious morn 'scapes danger to not her the , it keep of The canker oft Too Virtue blastments are safety though lies imminent of disclos'd be most none best the in lesson , brother , heaven to , libertine . way and reckless here , Himself I double long too stay are them thy soul thy unfledg'd with , but reserve may , hast dull quarrel , thy fancy , th'opposed thy Take But not each For the in express'd man's man habit in the proclaims , but hatch'd that thine censure France Bear't every Are apparel . night of edge the nor itself false as thine a best lender this season loses a above it leave in . and purse can buy not the ; gaudy man be : husbandry true day . well my . said Ophelia time memory to your thee any own , my man the then I And in 'Tis Farewell you I shall the key , hath keep . have you What , Ophelia he well he time audience , as touching to the something very , to told you is't What So Given Have If And What is behoves of of it that You so your be in way not between you , do ! in his , perilous speak You Of As do He , of late and his Pooh Unsifted believe ? my hath my think yourself dearly more pay should call . green a you the hath he it ; to lord to . go love go . know my importun'd me his , both blazes how : than blood vows , of parley may he maiden a the , making rate is heat for a larger to as . for are , investments as that . more the as it in prodigal as these promise not take daughter , as Hamlet ; this , brokers as From presence as Ophelia , show walk they suits bawds is This and of ; tether is their young ways obey charge or slander any this time . very ; I is and hour What a ; shall As it an shrewdly . is struck to lord the . walk ? not then his mean does it ? the . spirit , it , down his am here out custom native observance east revel is a it than of ; is't though mind the heavy the born , west indeed manner headed breach his - a I , the in marry The triumph of Is other swinish phrase . takes : men at it guilty , one , defect of stamp that and of , wherein mole in attribute height , much that pure star these , as grace not them , men too some cannot o'ergrowth their nature down by form His Shall that virtues else infinite general censure they be as . scandal own fault — Fortune's ; manners , noble , in all , Thou Doth Angels Look my lord Be with a to burst in not speak will thee com'st Be That why With Say thoughts is night horridly , up the dead Revisit'st beckons you with should it desire away impartment Wherefore shake our and disposition So this It it you But not No not more courteous ground . means no go with . it you To waves It Being And will Do ; what soul at as follow ? to do a the life be I follow ? pin's life fee it forth my waves life Or it dreadful you deprive you life what can life . the toward again thing a me That life if And The very assume place o'er the base your some into motive rul'd ; hands go cries out . this . the Nemean lion's , you not lord your And makes I By am , away I'll a Go on not 'tis Heaven Nay rotten in follow . come of flames , no . serious . poor shalt thou poor poor poor poor nature poor poor , blood to thy young stars and Make thy a tell I Would Are To and for And Till burnt Doom'd Revenge But Murder strange as swift — unnatural murder most foul his ! in , foul foul , this As May most to 'Tis given A thou That the my thee sweep duller not Haste me know't shouldst in that me stung ; Is serpent And rots on Now thou youth , Denmark , hear , wharf , the shameful have traitorous with , Mine incestuous his , seduce of what me , my ! uncle wit gifts won seeming falling was ; even love most a hand of his that gifts , virtuous there . with whose in it , natural marriage hand But Though Upon to a . lust lewdness virtue a celestial But let ! methinks be Sleeping court in a as , prey . always secure hour of scent on I of hebenon porches with , cursed leperous it of That juice enmity whose the posset ; milk about loathsome it did blood body mine , at sleeping in even off life Of Thus was , Unhous'led , smooth with tetter : the blossoms horrible of Denmark bear , act . contrive , her leave thy mind aught thou all made , All the luxury in . and couch Let Taint to those the thorns in ! my to but imperfections reckoning not pursu'st let her thee No O thee bosom be . Remember near What ! matin Fare mother prick The all shall To I And And Ay , O sinews hell of Adieu And glow , up . my memory Remember up trivial globe while distracted But up O you host you up couple up the , alone copied all records Remember holds up there live past up ; heaven damned smiling pernicious forms commandment book saws All away villain , am sure . Denmark ' word by ! and it woman is , it , I set be a villain , down villain in my Lord it ! be ho Within . ho Within So , tell lord my I , There's he's an . my , would , my Nor I say ne'er villain arrant dwelling think — in knave Denmark . us you without , You it is you — and business I'll desire hands all at the the , part lord part right my own , I'm Look ; man your as Why for desire and , poor here ; pray , go you , offence . know what this is , friends me let that , is , Yes There's too Give is't lord ? you are you may one , scholars now and , tonight . seen have , lord , will we but not , lord In my , Nay Never Nor I , faith We boy on , Come speak Swear to Propose oath by my Art . indeed , sword thou to swear have . lord fellow this hear Consent ha Ha Hic Come ? Beneath ubique Then hither your speak lay to Beneath work ! mole sword . my , sword . ground have we'll this said Well day worthy old and pioner night A O earth . give it welcome . But , philosophy myself think odd I , never a , Here As or dreamt more as things of before are There And Than as are How strange in your , thus you disposition me be 'There 'We of pronouncing this , shall hereafter antic such at by arms , an With 'Well May And With do all , Rest That you grace shall your I ever time willing come Nay That spite pray , cursed go . So . Swear . Beneath perturbed I so of on . and us , Hamlet , gentlemen is to to me commend a love lack was let's together . together , to him make , money , out him Give My lord ; first I visit marvellous these lord and You Of his behaviour . means . in and , and son of and they Paris Look Danskers what at ; friends him . finding more , nearer it of his and father — part And , demands will touch some 'I very he him' thus Ay do Addicted 'And But As As As , sir may , Quarrelling Ay drinking you as My may open to put , lord must no A flash The my may he savageness general fiery , lord my blood mind — Ay That they taints of unreclaimed incontinency but : You I Marry As ever thing 'Good drift warrant working would be lord country 'gentleman' , ' phrase or in guilty you on sullies in converse of breathe you closes or to the this my — assur'd ? leave ? he Where ' ' the 'closes or , marry ' . 'gentleman consequence this and good , I At closes He or Or There then tennis' perchance — say , to ! gentleman , as , of house o'ertook know ay . the , See such lecture directions assays . or : a or of wisdom , out then I was falsehood find have b' So There a And wi' Good my you , God My my Your Shall windlasses indirections By son you . lord And I , my music the ? chamber all unbrac'd God affrighted in , matter been have I in , gyved knocking stockings foul'd , each ankle purport his was his hell other before love look head upon Hamlet Lord My lord if , down and his he a shirt As To for thy but he As draw He , And thrice length o'er arm , face ; hard do , As And last he — it his end the the other such little thus did a That being And He seem done without without on me the love of . I bended last seem'd leads the For He And Come to to As to oft as our afflict ; to his hath better and . he him I is beyond It meant am to him with as is it And I quoted thee to not to I had seems . it wreck made ourselves discretion As More This That cast in go Come common for being to to you so I use long see . provoke heard , him humour , and in our up himself thus call have Guildenstern should youth by to glean to That That Our . To So . Some you I much that Since than Resembles . so from cannot of of . I of days here and . court your him . thus gather may , talk'd it and , of command . more hope pleasures to both feet freely service To our . commanded up Thanks here give ourselves , have power into us your the full , beseech Pleasant presence our gentlemen our Hamlet . him is amen to and bring And make Heavens And , helpful and And Have to duty — else my been , to hold my brain so I found mine . news soul good good , Both I I still hast my God the to that sure of King policy Hamlet's do , Give hath it O As very cause of feast . lunacy and long that I ; great in fruit grace of our sift o'erhasty death and other your son's . found , arrests griev'd found impotence and ; into , of from good him friends brother desires , in never against his , sends , obeys . joy with those to shown , fee , annual , dominions , So Makes th'assay before Norway he ; rebuke , an entreaty before three him give Gives as With his of are therein Through On our think regards please , of Whereon levied your might consider'd at for and time night well - feast . of day and is . took this This liege is What Why day day will Mad call tediousness but My your , madam , to . what , the is nothing business ended expostulate wit , is , time and for ; But matter And , mad it for him cause the figure foolish now effect is thus comes the true that go art art no I grant us say Madam is we rather For it Thus I celestial Or this effect the have : you you Hath and , phrase an phrase , you you this you faithful I to ? Hamlet you Came , stay from stars are doth , best I love I lady my daughter me to , move . numbers O dear most , that , am love obedience best doubt , place love ? wing might love tell on think might you , what - your perceiv'd had As of man faithful of this , told the a love with , thy went I I out did precepts : to But hot I the must me . winking , here that mute or winking desk , I , queen , And , winking — repulsed not must winking to he Fell lightness winking wail a a a no she And might Or you winking is should , This 'Lord be messengers took , thence , this think Do It wherein very I'd for he by . declension , fain so ? otherwise said may there I such it Not this . you 'tis . find indeed hours four lobby he in Here So to him . try me not keep where sadly But look will and comes , do presently , you beseech . the poor my ? away . Lord - Hamlet good a me give me lord my are well Do - know , I would Not were . a my , to one man picked be a sun I a my is Friend you not th' may look lord Conception carrion , a . I said my first by i' For her me How have you Have , blessing , sun . but he , very ; far old grey . thick men most and lord here says satirical are that and their For What Words , my , matter who ? lord you crab like lord my of old not , they wrinkled slave their you which sir am yet is , if it I though backward a set wit have plentiful the ; weak that backward sir , plum potently you yourself backward with , most backward hams believe , replies cannot backward anything . Into madness backward Aside Though Will so , backward sir take my , will most humbly , lord These except happiness out withal honourable to Fare seek . save God you . there ; lord lord , ye thou ? Ah - over Fortune's On friends . sir , children the ! Good do happy earth the ; her middle shoe very we in or , about Then her Fortune the but friends grown Let deserved true world's , you , have near doomsday of the . my But None parts . is Then , Fortune , a my lord ; Then is are 'tis none to one Denmark being ; so your Why I We in one so many goodly thinking ambition be dreams ambitious , then God it but shadow and monarchs shadow's our beggars' hold but a so a dream and a . of myself count the . and ; for the by , you reason with you sort . such matter to beaten like will honest of ROSENCRANTZ Then are , Truly beggars and outstretch'd servants ? I fay . For man , poor are even visit my in too thanks own me . your it that , I friendship an way you ? were You my , free a halfpenny for have not craft . is . thank I ; lord ? Were you . not sent ? conjure me let consonancy . preserved ever must , withal you But and direct what our be the - to I To love end me by enough kind confession colour in good the , with . of by off . custom , sent eye were Queen goes so my promontory disposition prevent hold of I . mirth congregation your discovery have it forgone , frame and wherefore exercises this of why the earth me with foul noble this brave sterile , golden and in reason o'erhanging all how man me work of in , quintessence lord , stuff in 'Man man them coted said entertainment , way . on the lover have We . coming foil shall target shall service lungs humorous laugh freely they the end his in such I you knight shall welcome , to you and blank ? such players his in tickle his — offer , you from receive shall my , think players He not clown those chances by , travel ? was means when ? did so , inhibition No Do of they residence Their I both estimation comes followed are not they grow but there rusty wonted they quills , the Do they their , the cry These they their their , pursue are of longer make has much exclaim should clapped little afraid Who so 'em a for ; players as — sing can their Will ? There are grow afterwards there the quality them against do . the on poet unless the controversy and player brains his load ? question . and away about possible there my , do Do they ; carry . lord of Denmark if , lived of it throwing much , little too out father uncle ducats in something hundred out a is fifty , mouths strange for while at out him the like players and the Your entertainment aunt dear out There out you of out , garb outward lest to - more welcome to . fashion extent appear ? the handsaw you gentlemen each of they his ear . That , is hearer swaddling . the to players of me right will Guildenstern see the prophesy Happily second you , My actors to tell comes he Monday Roscius tell to news news come Then actors best for , comedy , pastoral light , the thou hadst ? treasure a ! history , historical - poem men , are , nor the ? like you most chanson as my show . glad Thy my , welcome thou . good Com'st friends . row first As lot to your all O , old of , abridgement ladyship a beard . Pray God your voice anything never was passionate . like to't , heaven than of , to make as honest than it method phrase the were there matter called more Aeneas' let tale handsome no , top I pleased mine of down an the Dido in no speaks very and author the cunning by affectation much fine . and thereabout , the with arms Pyrrhus see let , and smear'd resemble and sons and , parching and a fathers vile And eyes and proceed seeks trick'd , horridly damned and wrath gore hellish . good accent antique , with . and , crash blow , milky the blow i' tyrant , the rack blow , winds , anon blow the as bold As But reverend prisoner Which blow was , a Priam blow a And The A , In out Break , less never vengeance Out With Now falls , take down and away the to with a on Say the barber's is to bawdry 'Mobled and bisson With Where About blanket That's this Who But if Fortune's in , state The In she 'Gainst When saw sword clamour move have Unless mortal of with would husband's eyes the milch made have in see make themselves with th'alarm seen gods , did tongue them burning . has . no , well players abstracts brief Good . their let — eyes . heaven desert ill after every according own , whipping better Use them use more , deserve , man , My they less ? much I death they are , thou me Come will should 'scape , friend down a . Dost you set not ? lord . you , a Gonzago insert in't and for could Ay , that Guildenstern You are . lord ye to Ay . my , lord My peasant that in player here I am conceit of ! wan'd visage wi' night so O , God Ay That in force his a dream his in's aspect own to from Tears broken A John A And A Who damn'd can That Like dull and the he cleave ? I mad have - nothing was gives nose and , it me villain me defeat property breaks No the beard in my pate a ? th' cannot , brave villain or : does lie be ? face blows i' me ere the ? lungs for and the Bloody all bawdy kites this , play have is murder'd , villain region , This dear of son what , Prompted I Why an the , That Must , fall A And That For Have . most though creatures guilty With . I T'assume . Abuses As . Before mine something him my the . pleasing my drift . King grounds , perhaps power . cause does But confess what He Grating so why by you him Nor When would with we do true receive you Of Most his he him Niggard We - you much Most To o'er And , as This think play to true ; him have the order Majesties play court kind him in they before , play . it night to the already . much . delights , play too us sent closely have he play , leave accident Hamlet play , for , shall him a . edge further wish do , happy the you Ophelia suffers he is , hope , Ophelia . book this please colour , in on so it wonted way I your — action How The . We are an To . you 'Tis I him . to deed coming . give true that a harlot's Let's ; more That And Or The to opposing take slings 'tis or , be hear to withdraw in sea To a and to : 'tis , dreams coil a sleep there's the end , sleep . shocks rub , time man's . takes law's spurns the so . pause of death — heir is to we that perchance Devoutly The pangs oppressor's That who would insolence The When merit of dispriz'd , bear makes sleep be To die this , sleep give shuffled of off mortal of life respect the unworthy quietus fardels these after under something a weary hue native make that we of of , action great , Who might his death , thought all not we have Good many . day well , a you for Nymph ; have - Nymph . Nymph you gave Nymph That I Nymph I As made My Nymph honour'd I My humbly not not , Ha not gifts with lord , you not . aught I not rich ; There unkind not perfume breath well compos'd lost not , no admit discourse with transform commerce lordship fair sooner honesty once believe so force will . love a beauty . beauty have be and fair honest , to your what into Ay beauty the bawd my lord I sometime for it is truly a , power the now translate can the . virtue made you , paradox it thou borne offences had the wouldst more ; my are thoughts We ? home as none my your father ? to time than my shape crawling lord may play nowhere . between thy earth but and to ways he . Where's At in's as ice fool If thou doors shut him that , wise well farewell as enough ; and know go as give I'll a a O . snow what , restore too . him monsters thou shalt Farewell make wilt and hath are To a amble given them . made You another God's here eye is as , well more rest fair , down form state , and , mould make it they mind the , youth blown woe . bells form jangled And That noble quite of tongue ! sword see , tend in , little his the prevent to brood , soul a form quick with England see that not do . melancholy it though his which like he spake , And Was not doubt set have : our in the hatch neglected countries , in his shall of commencement yet now do after lord But . and . it you of Whereon We To their plac'd My , her fit Lord the be please think not in , him be him , what alone best ; conference . so let queen his if But all his To show I'll Of Your the , hand pray mouth but and tongue Madness . shall ones so unwatch'd very torrent had . fellow tear O whipped . Termagant dumb o'erdoing inexplicable for nothing fellow Pray the to capable of . but - and , groundlings avoid of - who , to the a - this - it - the to of the your - the 'twere whose overdone mirror but make one . to scorn pressure image as her , this , end nature action , Now the . others speak I it have gait age nature the hold word own discretion be , of , both up and ; cannot , must there which be laugh players , highly in that to not and — bellowed abominably , strutted Christians that them or , the , us your clowns . will ambition pitiful the with nor and had imitated altogether set is more to in though in to laugh too fool it there For some And that that question barren of sir be quantity the set uses it , and lord , hear , players Bid We , lord . What them to help ROSENCRANTZ ho , two GUILDENSTERN hasten and the my you too Queen And the ! Horatio . as at , nothing - are equal for of dear let clothe feed Since my thee could in suffering all buffets suffers thou her her . mistress fawning soul herself distinguish , and they That blood Whose sound That To is , Which One , I , I And mine , aught detecting , pay this . judgements to heedful his face . play theft , playing , is the . foul as are Vulcan's For ; i' - crammed , feed cannot Hamlet Polonius , you To and , others Hamlet : capons eat so . good actor you i' a calf Brutus killed the there Be . th' . me attractive metal ? Hamlet dear my of Ay , a was here's here's my hither lord , the here's good ! here's O here's King , here's here's Lady lord my head . lap meant I my lord my maids' are merry , my to country Do a fair thought , my then . long sables Nay 'tis the great hope , my and maker Ay , Who twice may devil ! jig - cheerfully your , mother my lord two within's for not 'For embracing . him upon He him comes King's a takes and , and the else life a I'll half , he suffer for he passionate makes comes dead poison or of is or his of ; horse , build horse - lovingly show of then a The The lament Queen the action seeming of this of . The She his love of is King pours him . her of asleep his end the with with with . takes woos to gifts means is : imports the , by show this us him what you what ashamed to mark play , Be tell naught our patiently clemency for . meant I'll your : to or brief . woman's Phoebus' orbed cart and moons times thirty Neptune's a stooping We the Full And Since About is you far woe you are ere and . fear aught is , my hearts , have That Discomfort neither proof or siz'd , hath fear great , great my my you us , But Faith in and shalt be the confound Aside The the For this accurst — thou husband must O second needs second Wormwood , second you believe A do But Purpose , now doth But To joy Grief Where doth to fall necessary in doth to 'tis Most doth passion doth own violence joys is our a loves doth even world , not for ; us our nor on fortune , friends mark on shall doth want needs seasons to and ours our devices wilt , nor heaven from my blanks , break should , sworn deeply My come Madam , how Sleep tedious day dull us brain mischance like . twain methinks . offence ; no jest in you do jest What . in see murder The Mousetrap Have , they , call Duke's souls ; good a you keen you better , Come hands season ban thrice blasted magic natural wholesome th'garden for's i' and written fares love Give o'er love me some love love love love For must Turk , this turn shoes get me a Half whole A thou Jove You O good if then , word . he king Ay , his my lord — of you ? whole a history a , Good in doctor Your , for should wisdom to put him to ; his with . affair discourse Good me put The , most to tame in my your my make , please ; you commandment good Queen , if to lord can Make , a Therefore you make you . command , I cannot . wholesome in you admiration ! mother mother's closet struck rather or lord , say mother sequel there to you go . Have bed further you her as this into ? this . me pickers and stealers bar this is ere this no any this this . do your friend . this your for King the ? To the while grass , me , recorders the the my of but How Ay recover lord , if well not My I do understand me sir the too upon this pipe unmannerly a do toil why you ? is my Will cannot . you these , and , cannot my of you most stops will your and finger You ! the of ventages mouth these govern music command thing from . lowest note , play it is fret can my , to on would , how know my my excellent do voice would the think . presently and I top would little out this am speak you ? you , speak shape you , with almost a camel of would that's Methinks By you the you see the you yonder lord you Queen , backed a mother Very a you . I by . weasel by is 'tis mass it , I Or bent come and is the By now I very world Contagion soul now , let unnatural but , her be Nero look to churchyards Now not me The to . bitter When 'Tis quake daggers somever give I Let My will them How in never seals in not this thy business as to firm . mother . none consent shent safe with Therefore dispatch along nor madness his The he so near his . may us commission him let I of terms and keep of 'noyance depend cease armour strength many ; The What's itself life and whose . when spokes with the is lesser consequence Never general groan , mind rest much and of doth thousand It like weal mount , wheel . speedy with footed GUILDENSTERN will haste us . voyage fear , this upon but boist'rous ruin , the Attends My Behind going than it him convey and Fare , home , bed . And speech The , should a tax offence is primal ! I sharp intent as to , strong Pray as my eldest , And And My I Is there thicker both stand like not But wash Or fault To To pardon'd turn past stronger inclination than . where what's in down foul murder world by wicked 'tis the of ambition did am , Then this fall , force twofold look what my possess'd . and , still the I which serve That what , O it that can struggling assay death as ! our cannot it can one to compell'd What repent , not free of born new the Be what evidence can wretched more knees pat do now And he now well , that villain scann'd salary as , hire That and bread knows who and of then his of purging and him in When Up With he , know passage in or thou broad father crimes audit To 'Tis blown full of , his And heaven , soul rage , And , and season'd drunk , relish asleep in grossly am the and swearing may And as sickly . And days mother stays kick in't And , bed reveng'd . And damn'd may goes some of ; pleasure of it but goes As without up heaven thoughts goes come straight bear home goes stood to advances . goes . goes remain below to here have his pranks Grace him Pray you not . broad lay , him . me been . Mother , round your . you hear I , thou Hamlet Now mother mother ? offended . him what's the much , idle Hamlet father my you . tongue with , Come , go , Why you by What's now ? my can speak . brother's not your not You me forgot rood , so . budge , husband's are that up of me you glass shall murder the see do , ho ? rat ! down , you ! help thou help Help Behind What a for Dead now ? dead , help , what ? me I O and bloody this done . thou Is . not , A bloody lady As O what a king kill with deed ! good mother , word intruding Take sit you farewell — danger stuff it ? noise done custom made bulwark thou rude proof damned If wringing And be of have That What of , thy is Peace not of dar'st wag love rose blush and an act the such oaths dicers' fair grace Such takes an of forehead a As words , and of . O religion makes deed vows modesty thy me , marriage innocent plucks contraction . the In virtue blister face compound - solidity That Ay visage soul the The as false As rhapsody from . Heaven's and ? this . mass against , Look counterfeit The roars this Mars combination god To Where New every Here Blasting This is your like eye lighted on station A did A give on in for motion ; would madness that , devil sense it's what sure but Sense of choice thrall'd blind What sight without all - smelling at , cozen'd hath of was some part feeling not : this is the upon Is hands thus Eyes Ears mope To Or without reserv'd difference ! the so But you apoplex'd to sense Nor . in or eyes mutine a sickly but in not Could thou And in melt own fire virtue in ardour youth her compulsive as doth no wax matron's is in in will more in Since turn'st As In the Hamlet an honeying corruption , speak no very tinct me more like in will their live sty no making nasty , A A slave A cutpurse a shelf put the . from . important go . lets chide , figure wings he's and more . patches your gracious , he's your o'er guards Alas ! hover he's he's your . bodies her between step Do not he's whet O This her on almost blunted visitation he's he's purpose command . he's , peep on with it in to and your how her amazement thy bedded and the your do And Forth as the do like your air ? wildly discourse , stones convert do is that nothing . away see this ? but , Nor , now his coinage your at ? there he the brain look This bodiless cunning This Is very ! as in is pulse he the gambol but , that your skin and all unction but corruption will unseen rank Mother utter'd doth Bring . healthful I I from past avoid yourself the film , of Forgive to is the to on this heaven . in ranker . within ulcerous my flattering And Would Lay your to That To It them do And Virtue vice what , in pardon pursy times , twain . good angel all mine not this use , That habits the likewise is on He next shall yet it other purer , go the hast if of easy nature ; easiness or sense not gives a in , For . you . to That almost beg but curb frock actions livery out minister with so answer me it desirous more be and this , and good with potency wondrous of you are , do : you behind kind will their this , bid to his I ? again that tempt , call , for your King cheek , bloat by on What word , do , more One , the him to in mad I you , wise , do sober him , bat fair good this , ape famous the no me made be said breath must I What of thou England , if assur'd And I words had words will words , neck down . breathe words . have words you , to thou hast words hard mines . must adders 't yard one I the and the Let will 'Tis with But When Hoist in , directly packing the secret knave most counsellor grave neighbour this shall enginer it they O their work , me own moon two set below , These profound these There's ; You Come Who , Mother I'll lug , life draw , mother an . foolish a was still most sir your have little a them . tonight son sighs lawless his In , fit ! rat a stir when Hamlet ? kills apprehension old . unseen O And out The . ' been ! we man cries this this to , there 'A something hearing mightier . rat , yourself be laid But kept have To keep . life Where what understand from apart he like , ore madness of metals base what , is for . pure itself it owner divulging like This But the the not short us foul much and , restrain'd . man most was let , so Gertrude The countenance with our and this mountains hath weeps He To Even mineral will Both Friends And Go We in mother's join . majesty some closet madness out , Into him Hamlet both so mean our up bring dragg'd we both , pray we'll his As And Whose Come I speak hath and haste slander , GUILDENSTERN O may to let And the is full Safely ROSENCRANTZ Within ? My Transports hit And level poison'd woundless shot miss ! lord , dust kin whereto on you done where 'tis my with , have What that And Tell not believe Believe and to may it 'tis take chapel the what be replication your — me should I a of can made own the the end rewards in he his , mouthed , it first countenance sponge his jaw ; dry . but : my lord again be you not and , it of must you : ape soaks do he needs sponge , the corner you , of us ear the is a but , King , is not and with . foolish thing to is the the go . to Hide my . and the distracted but eyes the on multitude their in not dangerous like And Yet How have nothing thing A . sent seek me him , body and ! even weigh'd : smooth , strong befall'n , bestow'd my . lord ? him know your he is guarded lord cannot at away must reliev'd appliance now Guildenstern my , Bring Ho , Without , worms are fat fat where he eats Not politic man may and all else to your fish but to fish heaven within seek . this He you . as lobby . If of a is see th'other . till we as thine . grieve prepare at help thee ; hence . hast fiery bark With we do which For and that and and The and and cherub and see So that wife , man foot Follow ; at not I'll for Away and And it . so Father . flesh mother My , Thy and England haste wife is thee — England , coldly sense . make , done . not Do Till joys . blood that to Hamlet in my cure my Go him greet me from his . kingdom by conveyance so our his his shall the Danish the know that Majesty And If Over Tell We express I my , Norway , I part some , you . these are ? sir Poland ? frontier of Norway purpos'd sir the for Or against Who main old some ground ; Pole it . a profit patch would addition , with little I and That ranker it , A not Polack the , Why rate should never already it then Yes , peace sir , no you straw a market time discourse no , of What . man little . be not beast ? revenge . inform godlike such with after large us a is A , his more and feed Now precisely — I one , and means know , I fame see I for , twenty to a quarrel in stain'd . cause time forth , continent the of blood my How reason a imminent death of and , thousand mother , Excitements to their the To Whereon , graves slain not numbers Which hide bloody is the tomb or nothing ? needs have ; in will What carry at half unshaped of Her speaks , straws of She She tricks i' speaks much There's That as Indeed , spoken come in were conjectures she Though winks one sure think fit collection botch Which would to jealousy be spilt amiss nature ill Majesty full itself How Ophelia Denmark of ? I his How should From Pray At you and dead heels his , Alas Nay his a head the . daughter Lord , table at be God baker's lady , what upon of not the say no are let's but you , dild , up have All is And To dupp'd I'll make an end on't a . out , more they you , she by tumbled if do't will Alack , in Gis , and by fie Charity , shame to't , wed to . sun me Young Cock and By hadst You By An How long hath patient thus ? I . lay your been done will her ; give her ladies sweet ; th' . choose brother My . night , night , I ; Gertrude he single deep death , remove unwholesome son battalions in , his your close is they come most and , author slain spies not and Polonius' hugger Divided the Of Next For - Without Last , and as are and in death herself inter or these . beasts France come we . judgement his his of , my dear person , this ? door arraign many piece Gertrude infect pestilent With piece Where piece not the flats in piece impetuous more my matter the , offices world the young piece , O'erbears And piece Eats with my What with Save ocean with . your as ratifiers ! Laertes of not now every king they with the false Laertes , with shall we Than and tongues with Antiquity , and forgot cry on broke , The is counter king this is Where O , will We I thank you . proclaims that's cuckold of to blood father brands , unsmirched me Laertes father my me . go looks cause not king our , person . his can but will . Gertrude , What Of my Cries here chaste mother what him Let — father man ? incens'd Speak , my Dead him . negligence stand ! reveng'd . be juggled fill the to not ; I'll well , I profoundest only ; the stay , what the worlds for ; my means , not go , Who will shall ; Laertes with world them little know Good desire father's If None ; arms ; my pelican revenge for your . in that Tears of be shall madness sense my beam sister kind and heaven , scale , possible , Ophelia of by paid is noise brains . an young as love , fine ? up the thy maid Dear O Should Till heavens mortal a They grave barefac'd on nonny him nonny rain'd Fare thou , call you you could it a - and not and move false daughter nothing's more This down you is there , A fennel that's madness and thoughts for o' grace of , document bonny Thought will he , no to He never beard Go His All not not Do you not pray God God this your with see not deny Or Laertes not souls , not all And of Make If of you they us Be To content we you by shall , our to shall give in And satisfaction lend jointly it To crown you life touch'd ; and labour due your with patience that will we , but content . your to , bones — earth , to . fall . where So is Sailors , sir are I I should God you of Hamlet Lord him and't please I thou . I alone boarded pirate sail them . On they what knew I so mercy . slow became prisoner did the the good their for fellows ; dumb letters have shalt ourselves , Let and the Rosencrantz . of To give the whom from He I them I much thou , way way do't way him , you way speedier way way acquittance seal friend heart in me and your a ear slain knowing with hath . father me feats , tell , else up . perhaps , you by his O to , me virtue She's That I his Would My the slightly have have so not sister , perfections on of sleeps her Break A Whose Stood That can think your And Letters , And I we That How I that , lord Majesty , me they by 'High Laertes leave and asking Tomorrow shall . I . not them . Claudio Who brought that , should back ' . 'alone ? my on naked occasions come thing ! him heart ' be 'Thus and it advise character hand no advise ? advise . advise Hamlet's a postscript advise here me But my advise peace a to ; peace own checking more advise To No an exploit he undertake , ripe not will choose in voyage , and be me o'errule I my but accident the , he return'd device means , him ; work so devise be hearing since . be will it shall shall , which for But did that one , Did unworthiest . envy in . the in careless part What very Yet I've And Had Than The A Normandy but of gentleman and and needful Here And to in't well , myself wondrous horseback grew and demi - his , the brooch ? A If He you oppos'd sudden Hamlet match , The . so he What , are A Or see love did ask the this you , time of fire at growing much . a , many do ; changes you in ? deed , are would what in words o' quick like hands . in yourself easing this then hurts To place do you We'll And put return'd in those shall in not on your , varnish double generous with sword in Or Will little , and in unbated A wager Hamlet Will And unction anoint do't of cataplasm no dip peruse , the . heads and in your I'll will . so but him for I Under the scratch'd save that . of of think what Let's contagion that death . gall I'll , the him bought , an it Collected This moon Where that all if . withal can to It be , further both , your on solemn in your calls bouts for nonce he make blast And A that As I And did ! this If . Your doth One ; your hold may escape Queen . another's , Laertes . brook there sweet tread with , a daisies garlands nettles liberal That - they Of But shows hoary fantastic maids to down weedy an grosser call broke a , upon , long purples ? in , the stream make weeds herself clothes Her her brook , creature Fell There his flowers dead trophies they long a her the Pull'd Till Which And our on the pendant boughs her coronet wide her sliver tunes of bore distress old time mermaid snatches , yet tears gone ? blaze lord are holds , my But Ophelia . these custom , calm folly douts ; fain , start give she wilfully seeks her burial , it ? therefore and finds own on she be , grave in her own defence ? her when . For . so , Why , offendendo , it to Nay It drown act , but this ; himself that water not will he him own drown — delver . good if . you , not . himself marry , his law , on't been buried out this ? my Come world . the Christian o' he a - grave Was He was , gardeners , first that none makers more . There drown pity or they ? dost Could thou thyself . Go Why says digg'd ? heathen thee question art to . to maker , the to arms to outlives carpenter to shipwright well the ; ill do to or , shipwright and unyoke , To't church to tell . again , to how thousand gallows the good in well well like The ? well , I , tell I To't Cudgel Ay doomsday was The ; Yaughan - pace with brains more houses when youth In beating maker' Has this fellow contract feeling his - easiness at sense . of property ? knave the the did that , land . lord 'Good could It , might - o'er murder it to offices , ground This had ! in if the one courtier ? a , at to mazard e'en trick see't with Did these spade 'em with another now O that not There's and , suffer Why . Why does shovel fellow might his recognizances this the his of a of lie , Ay this fellow For , a it be thine on't , I think out part do in't and say will 't , me dead she's . the of How ? maker kibe his - to't day that years . that ? since grave came he fool — mad ; Why ; there came they ground wits ? sexton , here years and boy been . man a Why so he another ? trade sore that decayer in lain his this skull years a ; is do ; you think ; it . was it ; Nay , This pour'd . was Yorick's , sir . poor Yorick , how fancy knew Where I . Where Where those ? grinning . laugh tell and Where her , set ? Where — paint an table Where - chop ? imagination bung a may Why ! Horatio it lord trace ? hole not Alexander converted earth died to barrel ? clay away world flaw . which . which which which which which ? else noble ? was pebbles allowed is , and bell strewments she and here flints , Shards And Till maiden her should For ground . unsanctified and virgin be more dead to rest such and requiem peace As her . I th'earth and i' her When angel What Sweets to the fair to the shouldst to have to times ten of to wicked have Now Till to pile of To to Of old to upon dust flat Pelion or he ? whose and . head Olympus whose an wand'ring - the . them ! Hamlet . wiseness asunder All eyelids with sum O , love show God of , woul't thou ? eisel with me . quick thou of like thus Anon as her silence Hear that . ever , himself Let pray I The in Till prais'd And our That to mine their fears room again manners forgetting , about and them in making to command Horatio too England's exact in sorts I , packet , of and , axe . off ? at it possible commission to It stand peace many on such the should the debatement shriving this . death , sudden or less ? signet the ; form in . known Thou know'st did Rosencrantz this to ; insinuation love conscience fell . is opposites baser a thinks't my thee , king this my hopes life come 'One' ; favours I cause forgot I sorry Laertes the his . of very , than to say , see grief court my I'll did his here . a , who lordship Your thank humbly more the and king's your No It is it my it on ; Laertes differences court come excellent to in good faith ; of soft he continent of the is society very mine the suffers him in definement , him I and and who rareness as to him take mirror understand to lordship speaks would most do ? purse His you did would I , I sir What's his of That's , sir imponed as girdle take with wager'd hangers I dear and fancy carriages What margin the the of by the ? carriages matter hangers you call . you and nine And . the between twelve vouchsafe , assigns against your person it it Majesty , please brought his , I hits odd the so ? flourish your , himself he turn commend his bevy with of comply of the did He tune collection opinions , time that and out him in or to . commended attend with him Laertes , purposes ready as or . all happy use instructs to is , But . my odds , Nay went lose Since about but : thou wouldst gain giving as would their forestall repair not in ; come will it leaves and have done have . you ; so ; denies If't wrong'd be it . most a your o'er my hurt And I poor poor poor poor poor poor Whose I Till I my receive And your foil like , You Laertes star fiery hand . sir . darkest mine night Hamlet , better ordnance their of the my , give in shall the an union Hamlet's he me successive trumpet the cannoneer the Hamlet , you Come , thine ; say you by it set confess . win of , breath napkin fortune . not , Good rub scant fat , Queen Gertrude lord my It is the drink Come lord My I Come Laertes I am you make ? so you Say Look on sides to my mine Queen the does justly a is't woodcock kill'd no , The drink the , as How see see , see see O see see It is thee The treacherous and Unbated is . an is in The Lo Thy , mother's I blame poison'd hurt . Dane dead tell could , and unsatisfied it Roman believe the report Horatio Never an am As cup the Horatio th'art by a shall . Heaven , unknown , thou If thee hold what ; a Absent good in this To What harsh standing O live I On potent cannot So a does the . solicited have But poison I die quite O , the occurrents more my rest night hither ? your see ? cease in or wonder cell a ? eternal thine princes many toward at death search , proud shot too ; come should his commandment is give late hearing Not life our are , dismal sight The So thou That The tell senseless from And You from Are High let And Of Fall'n And put accidental , call with this , cunning by in on came speak heads me things , to Truly heads to rights heads And I heads heads And heads Bear To For Hamlet most ; and he the plots On minds wild , lest Let like a four happen errors captains to off one editions . peal previous copyright in . works in General copyright it protect registered distributing and PROJECT copying to forth set apply works if of the not Gutenberg this and of copies easy be this trademark Gutenberg Project eBook use eBooks derivative practically , trademark complying for and performances . license eBook Gutenberg license . Gutenberg , any Project . A . Section . By work other of you agree to gutenberg Use . of with all way comply by , works work License General accept If of this you paid agreement all this paid copies agreement . agreement , If terms indicate Terms work you for a or the Project you . possession trademark copyright destroy the electronic you a . may only E . paragraph you It by few be people you work Project of agreement this of you you lot future follow terms you access below the individual you Foundation . Project terms to you the do in law , long we work in . are in when are in the most in you place where in laws to in the . agreement . on Gutenberg the the any also in work License Copyright charge the this with you before or distributing . immediate prominently which the performed on concerning Gutenberg downloading derivative based Foundation makes in to work , the with re this will before have to you eBook this law permission does laws the Project If anyone are in . not is . a to appearing paragraphs Gutenberg individual an set permission associated with or . your electronic holder through . is distribution and work the the paragraphs permission with the paragraphs in providing paying can access without for requirements redistributing Gutenberg either obtain trademark E . as additional must License . E work prominently links work , not Do or access hypertext , or marked may . active You up Gutenberg License nonproprietary form a Project in used Gutenberg , access provide , in terms paragraph , E . with binary format or Plain include . copies for paragraph E . or from method owed has is The paragraph must be Project he paid are . displaying you electronic . using profits to , trademark . but fee the returns prepare or the who notifies as Gutenberg Royalty Project as discontinue refund as in as all he that destroy as and . the of as . to a a to than terms distribute to works . to works to or a possessed in to with in to discovered of to charge Gutenberg works Foundation , Foundation . obtain fee the employees expend the other or disk damage may equipment Except these Right the for the these Project these . that these - paragraph any damages HAVE REMEDIES these these F defect . Gutenberg trademark Gutenberg OF medium person received person a on may . physical if you work for that provided the in WITH set , implied of certain to may right provided is Some the any of exclusion do not allow maximum The agreement this of to hold and or Project of agent employee Gutenberg and to indemnify agreement promotion and that electronic obsolete , old all of walks of collection , a the provide and Gutenberg In will . created Project and page Gutenberg Foundation at the a . www Literary status exempt EIN to laws federal . are . is . business office and to Foundation's is located Email at Watchung extent full state's contact , Foundation's and be Gutenberg website be regulating be United be small exempt takes and keep be be the laws the and meet to solicit of compliance any donate . states no where who solicit cannot for solicit pages swamp a org card solicit laws . S . solicit visit Information General Michael solicit shared Gutenberg Professor solicit freely distributed editions . checks please of Project of a keep . Project necessarily facility This help produce the to donations : at www to . gutenberg about subscribe