? Stand the ? live struck 'Tis For Not much am mouse stirring quiet , good a I come this Have watch my of to . reliev'd , Dane . him Marcellus ? there ! again appear'd Welcome , thing have I this good us night apparition sight belief our fantasy ? tonight . will to us With He may approve Tush Sit , tush have nights sit same Had , Peace now it bell off . then , t'illume of speak , westward night star burns the break The same figure a , beating Marcellus and — comes Where In Most . me It like Looks Question would It with that majesty of and this Horatio . form . speak . thee . You tremble ! and ? think , the like the God it he thyself . eyes own armour th'ambitious art sledded before In This what the bodes particular , 'Tis strange and jump Polacks when thought and eruption me tell , daily strict down this So Why divide the And And is't night that inform this the the week with so goes can I now be the such impress toward Was so to Well Fortinbras ; on even , Whose image can whisper you the , as Did forfeit he Against by inheritance ; as a life ; by a which known ratified with seiz'd to moiety which of ; the competent , sir to which ; Norway , hot design'd , the article list in't appear of watch - post of the father . And our us this I take e'en the the and , motive our be sort our through and Comes Well I by think it That In squeak trains with stars Did The A As Disasters the sun sick Was And And prologue and heaven harbingers A it Upon influence almost , soft and in gibber of the preceding like to precurse Have , any ! Lo . where , on the with empire eclipse together and though Speak it thing to or to , Speak do to there ease , and of . demonstrated earth it again ! earth , stand 'Tis ! here gone if being ! invulnerable air , violence , the the blows For it offer it ! 'Tis do was cock vain wrong it To We Th'extravagant sea in of god Awake Whether with , the The To Some It on that say no crowing present . ever say his they bird Wherein The of takes nights then The And No As consent dumb ; will fitting to him . hill clad . know , pray impart dew up , high tonight , advice duty ? morning . death our Lords Voltemand , Hamlet be of Where To be our The Though memory Together with with discretion grief , ourselves it that one fought of remembrance hath contracted That so bear hearts in and and dear befitted , him with of us nature defeated joy , have we warlike , dirge have one state marriage , frame Fortinbras worth supposal be fail'd the all those of our by , ourself valiant : message have Fortinbras much bonds of scarcely , of is . time here . hears the that suppress levies all full nephew's his the business much Norway we advantage , writ , uncle for , young with of meeting him of brother our Lost Who impotent bed and for Now in here power duty . will Voltemand , the than , more to purpose our , not is not voice , some Laertes us You CORNELIUS dilated the and , articles and what's , What , Denmark , Laertes my , be is That shall whence , lose speak The , The You , of suit , thy to not reason throne to to have must thoughts My now show more mouth heart to native of leave To duty though thou wouldst Dread And bow and I Have From my confess Polonius . leave . kind ! than son says What ? slow last at it at ; and Hamlet seal'd petition , wrung hard , still clouds little now fair hour give Laertes him be time my consent leave thy will cousin more my Do for eye lord I ? less off lids vailed friend a the . not , seems is inky it so with dust , common , good particular , customary the dejected fruitful of breath . mother in river me For can 'Tis Nor my it know black of alone Nor , the cloak suits suspiration , moods which suits Hamlet ; bound father father , show of woe a , your to your for father course grief persevere to heaven impatient unschool'd vulgar the we , stubbornness incorrect mind simple will impious know in the fault , absurd dead Fie we A It death Is A a understanding most , what Take any should ? 'tis a fault he We father a You As Than , a hath still theme cried to throw of us , love his , throne take our of son , think you bears to to back that I which beseech thy stay all Wittenberg . remain eye son to . unforc'd and heart drinks today whereof Hamlet grace accord Madam and best obey a the in shall But This as , 'tis great earthly Denmark of . Denmark the solid a dew ! away would had the stale flat speaking too and Thaw Seem to to How canon No King's slaughter , tell , melt fix'd an 'tis uses , self 'gainst Or , that O Re - That months it His Possess Must her might ; so , of and — not me it he think she which little As on't ! beast of even she — mine is ! mother would within name month my winds Heaven appetite , a old uncle reason discourse wants married with were , yet Frailty . no father's thy she , to , more her of flushing O . to . it my not such the the brother have left yet I With ; cannot heart , most in but longer — my tears speed must tongue my your , nor dexterity salt Within wicked unrighteous eyes sheets good ! most to incestuous lordship forget myself : break It for . name good ; even Good you my good make you My Sir , my with , hear truster A in To But to see good . lord , But what drink see ere your father's affair to . you My to , Indeed , lord prithee I think We'll teach is deep mock to furnish make I know came do Or I Did , follow'd funeral bak'd marriage The the my see hard . my it upon , see was all all in like for him man once my mind's eye lord ever father My a I He was lord My the , your King lord goodly . him Who yesternight . again I saw . may . you witness ear admiration for attent The nights and waste point Marcellus dead before encounter'd at the love , the This God's For In Armed Two thus them fear by - your of with : had , lord not you lord speak more this I to : and ; did watch ? knew are where the it none once it as . haste sight in our shrunk would duty . of know , sirs , did we do As I let , To the do Arm'd . Both From , up he look'd frowningly . lord my , you ? to his , sorrow than . his not lord Then saw yes O you My from upon very constantly Most his eyes pale . hundred long a been have like beard you . BARNARDO Stay'd it ? life gape . And Let you my though person , it will warrant conceal'd tonight but . in , again this sight tongue twelve well should . still hap your hitherto , and . All the foul men's deeds were ! rise eyes . them , to . not . the assistant sister convoy And And But let me will not you that winds are , you o'erwhelm soul ; favour ? a and doubt is Hold A perfume The a violet Hamlet it , Do and in , In For nature bulk . soil weigh'd inward not permanent it but will unvalu'd His The Grows virtue himself is subject but you ; must And The Carve He and health his no withal ; does Perhaps nor doth cautel is not must loves not therefore ; for on be circumscrib'd he his persons besmirch now , waxes this birth soul , depends , own , you his ; whole of as , Unto to is no it state says believe place further body you he of yielding Then Denmark honour importunity desire affection , may , spring moon your it or unmaster'd heart what loss credent your , of list is beauty in And with lose Youth wary itself then near . lesson . none be buttons liquid dew youth danger and unmask shot The Too 'scapes the best , my heart th'effect Do to me O , his of some Show And the recks path Himself As watchman I shall not the smiles double too And Look Nor unproportion'd few . precepts Give any character Be thou Grapple friends them But Of each new unto - quarrel may ; their but thee . steel of tried blessing thoughts thy no act . being comrade entertainment , vulgar , voice . in Beware . man . false season to night in this , leave my blessing canst must all dulls as the self and be friend that . thine thine . thine and above And This And Thou : not , thine be , Ophelia remember servants day the . thine any thee tend . thine go , you well said you So please in my to Lord of yourself and free put and 'tis — me bounteous late . oft you the well been , way it hath He Of lord ? You you of to like a up his You ! Pooh believe do Unsifted such me and caution so the made me late tenders , perilous Give , affection . them ? call green many speak ; ta'en not it speak That are thus to . Tender tenders think ! speak , Marry Which speak these you — call speak love fool . poor dearly ; should yourself of speak importun'd all the vows speech to ; it you , And the blood to , You in light burns catch his , know do , go these , heat , entreatments your something heat Believe you larger to And Than heat Than heat heat believe of may The heat heat a command with so a his tether . In ; for of which implorators is , sanctified mere to Breathing But plain beguile so obey shall bites As to give I , I lord . very . walk near the held this and takes my tonight swaggering of his it triumph The The kettle wassail he And ? Wherein doth does drains the his marry the manner , it am ; a ? here custom observance west : phrase it with though perform'd of tax'd , and breach is and revel drunkards traduc'd mind Makes They More And Ay and heavy This us our our in the to clepe pith oft some As for birth o'ergrowth some of reason ; much too that of undergo star one grace . the particular fault noble . a corruption doubt evil dram of , of ! comes scandal , or or wicked in Thou King quietly death tell me thee , in sepulchre shape blasts goblin from call . thee to intents with thee airs me Have , thy Hath thee up saw his dead hideous and again What why the may and , mean in this , we Wherein again ponderous , beyond to Making Revisit'st night thus corse , we fools souls , ground , go it means no you Look But , speak , to a courteous with more . then not Do It I ; lord it can . I'll again thing the at should my life fear fee a his assume there beetles draw might The That That And on It Go shall lord . sea brain , my go ghost , gentlemen . in cries fate each on him . body you call'd I am heaven I artery lion's petty a Unhand as By is rotten issue not To . go no . Something it let's me Speak When hour sulph'rous poor lend . Mark art am shall but , To not I My me serious flames hear father's in my spirit ? in fast tale I tell my prison away of thy for for Doom'd Till the Make could harrow thy Would foul crimes thy to to . the a certain purg'd Are Thy knotted eyes up Like and ; locks to , spheres end stand be list ! most unnatural as foul this , O God ever blood and didst . and his Revenge most to meditation foul But Haste , that to love of my thee revenge the And That thou Wouldst 'Tis stung me itself duller me As Rankly know't not serpent A wears that thy crown ! father's lust power virtuous his won . queen there most falling - to was hand love incestuous to me made to her whose of will From it , what , O my his ! Mine uncle ! adulterate traitorous gifts beast seeming the have went court though sate , lust And I Sleeping That itself a , I soft let prey on garbage bed vial an enmity distilment the of cursed porches quicksilver body uncle within stole effect blood droppings it posset ; doth like and And Most was a The like Thus Unhous'led of , life Of Cut off O thou Let nature but nor and pursu'st for but but not Taint The glow - thorns let thy but act incest of mind royal on , but imperfections but hast but With If A but Against to prick you I shall O And thy mother 'gins couple , bear I'll wipe forms copied ; live shall all there alone my of Yes records thee ? pressures fond of . stiffly me my all heaven ! earth fie ! thee Remember O from table trivial , by ! it be , in ! and and all , volume observation . lord my Hamlet . be it , ho ! Within ho , Illo ho boy , bird , ho . Within ? come . it by tell O my , lord ? once . my my reveal would HORATIO and you'll But heaven by MARCELLUS my secret man lord be the come . be — be think . be be knave in be . be the from grave be ; i' circumstance man , for my , lord . part , you , lord . Horatio . you tell me , request scholars , friends may desire are Give What you . ghost . no Patrick not , As will friends , here vision my is't honest to what your , is And one have . tonight seen . my my , indeed , sword , already ? to Consent the boy We sworn upon fellow swear . in lord Swear sword , oath Propose , under thou , this ? you ha my to the my Swear of my Swear we'll , Then Beneath . speak of by Beneath my ! Once i' remove ! my O my Well said A day my worthy Than Here , dreamt How of in odd or strange as in heaven . meet — on think , you But Horatio , shake — strange is I so myself , disposition some 'There at of , encumber'd we know' or , to by arms To at , such pronouncing , we 'If As That grace Or Or aught and Swear . So Swear . your you most : you Or list So Rest May do , ambiguous giving commend as . me to his The willing God t'express my , still is was of not shall your I , born , ever fingers come out him this Of My money will him , wisely my . well did I ; first said and company who me Enquire , What this By , means son my some demands your as do encompassment particular know , Marry And what what Danskers more , him ? lord his and you , I you this he's father part in , Ay , 'I do mark well ; him wild rank on ; scandal the , charge in him ? lord fencing , my , another go swearing , liberty of his incontinency another a — blood so another it on mind another unreclaimed outbreak savageness seem the him do you Of another faults , taints general another A my another I I I sir He 'Good I Of I or you with ' , I Having He does , good . ' I ? leave ? say to , this ' ! you , 'gentleman . you such the in him thus 'friend then thus By by . you So wisdom we indirections former have you . you . out lecture have . his my , Farewell . inclination How I let shall lord music . my matter so , to ankle purport other each out before in loosed he ? horrors piteous , not What , lord I speak thy so his look had of Mad his gyved down shirt a with , been of comes love with As At And Then falls he He to a would last For And head to done find doors the And He And his , thrice He And it his end with to I I words of ; him given . hard did , good No my I His as any am undertakings passion fordoes as you late heaven under lord repel , That that . me letters to better I not am sorry him thee quoted wreck had I And As discretion More , we much Rosencrantz and Guildenstern see call did heard , provoke you the that his So dream young . th'understanding so Something long . Of than that Hamlet's hasty nor it was ; to dear that Resembles Since The need we sending transformation father's much draw little your to occasion to with , glean afflicts not will good and of thus please will your up humour gather you to as So vouchsafe Some you time from To on much him open'd , aught unknown living remedy . are talk'd hope awhile with time supply your much gentry a fits he I am , more adheres us visitation As expend , by Might Thanks Rosencrantz and you . gentlemen changed Guildenstern , bring much our make Pleasant and Heavens Thanks My And Thou hast from ? as , else or trail of long I . th'ambassadors hear of found have sure . so you duty my my still that The Hunts do to I think lord and , And Give of shall He , father's tells The we , I His Welcome brother desires greetings of he from good , shall friends ? suppress griev'd impotence whereat age and arrests , obeys , appear'd out the he ; to . fine , brief uncle his arms ; in , hand and , crowns , please to dominions likes It regards therein of for safety and this to quiet you an levied So to Gives him three thousand commission his as to And With to That to at rest your we Answer upon your for think you Most , at night time ; well us more this well This liege should and business madam , be night night Your . But More matter is mad 'tis it out of . then we let he That Thus farewell But a daughter — and whilst obedience gather , shall idol Now mine surmise I numbers , are a be doubt these at , that evermore , love Doubt Good stay thou awhile will be love . show'd , they dear . Ophelia Thine of man might you , winking desk , tell you might . and queen , I Majesty heart upon a . should no the lock Admit done Which short , fruits receive of my . resort his from I went with love this play'd dear my Or my think young prince out of And That And she be messengers , sadness , and madness all thence into a this , fast raves a tale advice , declension by for ? this likely know ' , it hid indeed together find know I , if this me lead , though arras her , him to then thereon not the does You a And We But no he my loose encounter I behind state poor the try keep So he indeed I'll fall'n for assistant and . carters love assistant , assistant assistant . assistant lord ? mercy my assistant . Then would I . a were lord man one be honest . goes , lord For , the if sir sun Have you maggots breed I , have sun Conception ? first by truly my at . Conception I'll And gone Conception said . was suffered harping , but on Conception i' th' I Conception , Still youth he far love Conception for extremity do my , lord gone words , the matter the What is mean the are hold All . sir , potently beards with Slanders I , believe tree that gum weak yourself you ; yet ; and , I it should be go walk madness , yet air my replies withal You are , to These tedious , old Fare except most from me anything well , life my my you lord is . there ! God the go You As the children lads how . happy . earth the her of my over How dost , of ye both ? indifferent are lord the we of . deserved good not is the true hither . friends , to confines prison ? you that . near What doomsday , But have Fortune , Prison she my you being one many is o' there me one for so think so . it nothing prison narrow , have count substance . dream . or is is very the of but ambitious is but a shadow a are , dreams I bodies th' ? shadow itself of and airy so a we reason and to beggars Which Truly our and dream Then such you beaten like to matter way , man sort ROSENCRANTZ . court honest but no , are . shadows even what am most other I upon friendship , my lord , visit , it friends I that the will an speak with . too in Elsinore at you occasion am my anything colour teach must to am I thanks poor , inclining But . enough confession Come , lord and end your in you fellowship ever me . you charge be . you . with of , conjure youth . me a whether If my shall , off . love discovery so were prevent I your my feather , this that all , me all lord will excellent other and , a golden a mirth fire pestilent , neither , action how this admirable , say woman congregation of in of forgone my and how how , is apprehension of animals your was smiling moving in , in the an My though think Why world . appears What faculties like quintessence , angel paragon delights not And form by Man how ; to what . and lover the have . service his end ; halt sere th' o' , humorous those adventurous say clown Even shall shall use his , whose freely take such city not shall gratis , What laugh wont were knight shall plays the shall make the for't king that sigh delight . man lungs the tragedians the late , Are not rusty ? grow are did travel was the inhibition Their ? by they they same No they that , indeed , How endeavour are so and of most the their , Do children in they ? pace there on These they - goose stages for't . out ; fashion many wearing Will question is , scarce them so quills and the keeps What berattle they their bid for argument possible ? the money in holds it as are ? do nation ? say , own and sides was . on both a to ? Hercules carry is his . lord my apiece more natural lived than for father for ; Ay would not this in . give Denmark load too . could The . yours with you must You . players welcome welcome is there , Gentlemen garb , outward . welcome fairly something are Elsinore - extent But to appear father my . west gentlemen too a When dear and , the fashion uncle aunt than are deceived That I . old man , is . hearer a ear . out , you you to them not a clouts . Mark indeed in Rome You lord . so it say . child is Roscius come to actors , The My . When tell was , honour hither buzz . either pastoral , What law Seneca comical in the comical historical too heavy historical , Then The - cannot unlimited not daughter . thou hadst , ' , that love I have I th' well Nay , Am me What by and As , daughter ? old i' lord Why , lot my lord . wot it you as , comes , young of . at fly . my acted us give Come a once never not others million , speech , was cried but , scenes digested in matters general in the sallets there such a speak above to judgements whose caviare not heard , cunning the of I Aeneas' called remember , one no it in were in down the in the in said the speech for But in much more nor in and chiefly in Hath When Black It in handsome tale Head the begins but , where especially savoury of Priam's this by very loved , begin is he not Pyrrhus couched purpose in smear'd , coagulate a damned fire and parching the with . with tyrannous o'ersized , spoken you seeks the hellish light , gore . him lies command arm , his too Rebellious and , to feel falls this his Seeming Stoops Pyrrhus' prisoner drives the Th'unnerved with Priam at lord Greeks . Anon But at Takes as ; sets the him never armour , And Mars's Cyclops' proof eterne sword , All take falls from forg'd for Pyrrhus' did region vengeance the the But The As Doth On Aroused so Priam you . after thunder work on strumpet , and down to . queen' a for 'The ! nave too low as the long your — or the that upon clout A all o'erteemed good of come mobled , stood and . flames is queen' and tongue make sword Pyrrhus move passion And Would When instant things , have mortal the the , and heaven — limbs , malicious clamour them . of all . dignity desert his and in . after your Come more , deserve hear him , old Follow Use use I lord they me or Dost We'll We'll thou We'll friends We'll We'll hear in't We'll a and We'll lord my . night tomorrow sixteen , Ay and , my lord look . not you . friends good are welcome , Elsinore I am , Good wi' my rogue , in For his And ? or ? What's in With That he in voice her and motive He he should weep him conceit eyes in to A in in The Like And defeat whose calls Upon off A a was property breaks Am most , unpregnant not for ears appal with ear eyes of ignorant drown amaze free speech face coward ? this throat it this kites and , bawdy villain ! be my villain ! heart , brave most murder'd hell ! very father and heaven a ! the to I And Must , fall scullion About That cunning May cunning a pleasing . spirit and quick the devil and , cunning , the play , cunning a at soul of will ; looks that , cunning thing King cunning seen I I'll the to like . course the T'assume mine More by And from catch drift no why harshly all he so With turbulent and himself of But confess he will feels by , state on him forward keeps to means be madness . sounded confession disposition of his but reply our . Of . fell o'er To of did the way . are seem to already . him entreat to your . before night as To all To gentlemen shall Good for too by 'twere Gertrude , We him and it my us , is or no , judge . wish unseen behav'd do cause your again . I hope be so beauties part I be : Ophelia way , to your for Of wish wish The action we sugar blame so . here loneliness We of show . 'Tis wish smart cheek that speech doth wish wish ! wish 'tis in 'tis 'tis word helps it 'tis a Than I 'tis not and to against arrows to him hear To be 'tis be , my to withdraw most coming take heart be , perchance , 'tis thousand sea outrageous of of the , in a that 'tis Whether To The Devoutly sleep For When that so . sleep to come mortal there's may scorns There's this long calamity and of , wrong the love of dispriz'd patient and himself merit That that To But their How humbly their I this your their honour my sins name regard their this I their my ! Nymph ; have My That longed now you their gave you , lord made And honour'd My Take these wax Ha There Are you fair ? your fair ! be means What beauty truly my but now , honesty will beauty sometime paradox once . lordship should with honesty than sooner love made so translate from gives the not our commerce a . to ; Could what into Ay likeness his it , have . virtue . so loved to I than crawling of I , or shape beck . lord my Where's , fellows all such nunnery put We are , better ambitious What them shut ? my , knaves the Let him help fool chaste ice , house Farewell upon , home in's O heard , have a men know O of you nunnery go as marry for ; make yourselves another God's rest no to will The O , what glass of soldier's marriages no more courtier's Th'observ'd And suck'd bells with feature of and , deject his quite , and blown , see Blasted ecstasy form unmatch'd Th'expectancy Now for determination which and the prevent , soul , me I what form neglected , countries objects settled himself brains his From For the seas set of demand variable of something . commencement . what Lord now How But grief you play please said , him do you fit believe love origin do well tell . it her , grief fit all fit please shall be fit It their send think fit unwatch'd do you players fit pronounced it saw Nor of to fit , I whirlwind smoothness gently your not must the passion not for of O fellow the avoid whipped o'erdoing you inexplicable it I - to your nothing fellow of the periwig split a Herod ; word o'erstep purpose to playing of , as her own the unskilful the is hold , the end action be own . discretion of 'twere mirror this Now own image ; whose one be not the made to I them your and , make or have it that of that For there indifferently so strutted Christians , and that highly nor . men so abominably will to play most a question play with humanity to set on some that reform'd of . it , quantity meantime That's the King Will too , in considered the make . and help and , that GUILDENSTERN the Bid do my , That no revenue advancement O e'er Horatio sweet art thou As Here For No thrift my Since Where Hath A ta'en As Whose That man for suffering that with blood passion's sound not heart's That In seal'd could thee buffets that For herself men are . Fortune's equal are not a slave all , blessed are - finger man . foot a the circumstance of have note , heedful Give will stithy eyes Vulcan's I , mine uncle If thee occulted comment , that speech ; foul playing , theft the play this , detecting aught In we censure my and , Queen be , eat capons are air mine . not play'd words so killed these feed ; once you . a you actor you th' capital kill you stay ? ready you O lie you here's Lady here's , here's I mean think I meant here's matters in I ho here's here's my nothing I thought ? I Ay my , my What lord . do died two , black or , horse , with the a hope lady on sables ? Nay . a , his off takes kneels . seeming action exits lament . She . and She King hobby declines and hobby makes , three the him . leaves - horse his head upon lovingly show her finds The She end the Poisoner her returns kisses him asleep it neck Anon the King's , in ; argument of play . but Poisoner The ? show this by Belike fellow show to you'll what him us tell they Will tell this know : the shame We beg of posy hearing Is you naught are this a 'Tis brief , prologue times and twelve with Tellus' woman's bands . Phoebus' moons hearts , salt And love love , sun the thirty Full world our About commutual in times Hymen sacred o'er you from love , many thirty Since Make , far count again you neither women's you cheer and Unite So But Now as , must thou And My love love doubts fear there , grows fear love functions love , made in proof siz'd thee their in shalt to . kill'd who , wormwood . second but the and live haply be marriage love of none move first . dead in me you speak oft now bed husband we what , slave but A second respects instances Aside None wed Which what do Of violent birth , the . be they that ourselves we the grieves ; nor doth most change . prove to 'tis fortune else favourite flies love fortune , with ; debt joy lament accident slender on aye , with . destroy propose grief enactures with most , try his with to seasons , contrary with begun where our But in hitherto advanc'd doth needs devices and want with not who And For fates still second when no thy first wed so do wilt , orderly ours So and Sport Our And who Directly Our earth repose desperation food and die thy think are food their ends thou thoughts food An food Both Meet Each food , To 'Tis food Sleep The grow sworn fain and , dull never . deeply My spirits day beguile awhile here leave brain between this you , she'll her twain . play word much jest Marry , Is poison you you they , do in jest ; The This I shall done in murder interpret You keen your lord my nephew are name : Let . Baptista : puppets what o' to , I my . for . damnable . see . could off . Pox take if . revenge , time weeds property infected creature drugs , else midnight raven doth agreeing leave thy seeing immediately love rises Gonzago's . for's the The gets , How fares my Give King frighted with . of You fire shall . The Gonzago me What light . Away hart watch runs a ; with two Turk sir For not this turn , shoes fortunes Would a whole A forest of a , now here of , sleep weep , must play ungalled The must , thou dost himself Jove realm take have Of good O the him , the . perdie , music like likes it not comedy the ? not word vouchsafe a . with belike then Why Good Ay , my richer to choler sir ; would him plunge perhaps choler purgation so and not , wisdom should me mother in tame wildly your Your are is lord good make , if my ; commandment please , most Queen The you Sir What , command answer . you make , to Make can wonderful thus Therefore , son obey shall desires to We She were , your can you Denmark ? voice King the the the , in — me have , when while succession do I Good How the is me unmannerly do . your musty why . pipe you me as — you To I of the love upon play . cannot I . too , but proverb , you beseech no do I I I . I music breath I do it , my mouth with to any , your : these will stops with ventages , these have I ! out the You the top am though ? a camel camel indeed . of like a a a weasel weasel . whale Or It by — will and like fool and . top . mother ever not , to my bosom unnatural , this my , Soft be be Soft , this Soft in her not let use hypocrites Soft ; none , Soft ; cruel to soul and my seals words Soft safe prepare may doth us near as shall dispatch , us , with you you grow is . estate of upon armour peculiar life of but depend weal , massy mount is thousand lesser highest , when , adjoin'd spokes ten ; boist'rous , sigh Each you Arm the King and alone upon , For Which now we Did Attends mortis'd annexment ruin but will I fetters , upon GUILDENSTERN too to this this o'erhear my know bed , closet lord meet I'll you . tell of some Behind said , home . not upon't smells lord liege , brother's snow ? the sweet What defeats ! eldest curse strong double murder inclination man to if , intent in enough itself where pause than neglect both wash in , stronger guilt rain confront in . Forgive But for ; O Then I'll look form foul and am since down but I , murder th'offence world , this my I , ere we come to , fall the action ; my above angels struggling can then when that and it , bosom , state repentance the give Yet wretched evidence true . hand may shove by prize so forehead What . assay free ? of and can in what Try Bow Now it I'll pat . do't do All of engag'd as may And I , Make , heaven . scann'd would he is to be That father this so kills son hire and salary , babe revenge : for goes he I With in , drunk know asleep and th'incestuous pleasure of his his his in horrid soul , No hent rage , bed in't : about ; that kick or of heels be , it goes him gaming , is he is fit our his how Then My This rises without my you fly words Words come He him will Tell Much his heat that And Within and have straight what's the , mother , hear , Hamlet Mother father much hear an with my Come hear , go Go come , hear , with hear a , have hear Now hast thy ? Hamlet now brother's You to . rood Queen I'll sit you so your the you What's by not the are And would No then . Nay ducat ducat How Dead . Is and ducat as bad brother ducat and rash . ducat not know , what ducat bloody As kill Polonius I To If That heart done noise heart virtue fair the heart blurs proof heart custom heart heart Is roars rhapsody A From the forehead . a deed , in on this . brow Mercury herald to - like the heaven a indeed seal , brothers form and seem combination god did of and command world . leave Have like husband Look assurance on lighted A Jove of on , was grace threaten kissing , you have tame ? the upon waits And Would step in it moor the give was your every your to eyes ! mountain brother the this ; was some difference hath hands sense not cannot on Blasting You Else Nor But apoplex'd That Eyes in it blood love is : Sense sure but sure that ? was't , thy sense all blind , blush Proclaim matron's be the no , hell in . gives actively will doth , shame , charge wax , shame fire let of ! O sickly or a part bones shame virtue youth in frost the own ardour panders and shame tinct shame spots shame , very grained . more no and sweet murderer , in Hamlet ears villain but their leave bed . love live , Nay words These in Over nasty sty speak daggers precedent A me A shreds and ! your gracious of that You Save That Alas from a and ! o'er What mad O visitation , to go wings me with your by . purpose mother fighting works ? strongest , and , do your , it how How bend incorporal Is O Conceit to step But but , between Speak That And Forth the , your air the spirits in do end do vacancy discourse excrements , distemper flame life son , peep on hold wildly alarm , in glares you look like stand heat patience conjoin'd . Then tears perchance I you look for blood . me do convert nothing see do whom Nothing at want true To all you you ourselves nothing did yet is there ? you ; Look where father look hear all . how ! but look in there very bodiless ! which madness , brain of out at ! is to to Mother . that not Would That I the gambol your Lay It rank skin will and unction for It temperately music - word not re , do make what's And the spread re , from I And re unseen Repent Virtue To re Yea for re itself , Hamlet re half . come it mine all is use O And shall The . use curb of more , wondrous either For With That That He go not who evil the gives of , you actions on put aptly potency the angel kind , good fair yet in this , livery tonight or Refrain of abstinence change lend that next you beg you desirous Once , with answer good . lady shall do good worse and him . to and are me That The bloat the Let no King pair of you night . do you to bid remains ? you , his in from , I call reechy fingers , him bat and top , fair ? Who out madness matter a would do , a secrecy , gib , so , if , What must And thou Let try basket on the house's I — I work fang'd , that I , way it enginer I sweet , I I room their directly adders Let most . counsellor grave shall 't must they , me the will mandate to petard one packing and the with But them one to life was , matter Is lug the guts into the . 'tis on us fit your heaves . contend lawless ! ' . fit , had deed hearing . mightier does How , Hamlet . be providence everyone there been was much understand short kept mad have It be . man yourself , We But keep it not young would like To Alas His It This his a pure itself no sun shall come weeps very the is he haunt . he of of divulging from of , he and He Among Shows hence hence mineral metals the , hence — all away ! this hence skill further aid body this I . him And hence will join madness closet hath , you up our hence in vile ! hence Guildenstern away blank diameter hence what both the world's mean . him call . slain , the dragg'd pray call we'll , the from speak fair and , slander , call , name come dismay . call , call . they Lord calls call ! My And . GUILDENSTERN , it the may take it chapel . dead lord whereto kin , of to king ? believe to and keep ; Take that an soaks Ay , a I can sponge replication what your be not what Besides son ; in sponge not shall his of corner have officers the do the you the body us must lord am of , But sir like , when countenance King where is thing body it with you tell King Of put of lov'd not is dangerous the distracted seek we that to goes multitude but scourge all away weigh'd and , all body , strong man law on , find is loose the . him their ! not appliance are desperate at , him at ? my , befall'n at grown at he at . know at to We , at eats he are creatures king fat but to e'en worms the fed eat of by of and emperor for maggots diet for — two . eat , of that ? through the him the not into stairs seek . Go . as you him indeed Polonius see Where . If But stay tender do lobby . shall He some Hamlet thou we The fiery Which hast . ready So that cherub see is . But Good Hamlet , Ay it , mother man him seal'd Tempt Come wife ; mother ; Follow flesh and Father . and it my England Our Pays As That , leans Since yet power thy cicatrice looks thy at not , thou and to . which , sword Danish process sovereign death the Craves We shall express , in duty know I Go do't him Tell his Captain If let And my sir , I sir How Norway , purpos'd Against We speak no , ducats That To pay five rate Nor then A it gain Why , yield to would name it . ducats . it , lord my man time , his is against a you God . wi' be Why I'll sleep that That and made chief dull revenge such beast a , wisdom and , me , dare , event and and thing's , puff'd , blood trick fight and , the But that When to their thousand a my . How then I my reason , death fantasy twenty to my for slain is of and great and danger great without kill'd while beds nothing worth forth try or ? O graves a shame stain'd , fame . this her . distract the be will bloody the not speak indeed be says and hems she needs will Her mood ; speech , there one would 'Twere Which Though she make winks the hearers The tricks i' th' So good come - To spills my as Where itself in of toy Majesty beauteous now the seems sick Let Each ? and this song ? turf . but Ophelia his grass stone , pray , dead is , as mark , sweet my . did all love grave ; lord Lord your . be God . be ? not ! with do the what say owl pretty - true With They , you go lady showers upon this you Valentine's betime baker's was we but window , ask maid clothes . that more . end door , Pretty dupp'd And without Let in ! I'll on't . shall coach brother cannot My Come , night night . ground cold him i' to bed . good long be they would , your been for her O deep of sweet , pray I ; sweet it . sweet good my Gertrude her sweet he and done muddied single , whispers sweet but , fair the Thick Of Next sweet But Without his your is , this the poison All from When sorrows come , own ; most slain father and people France ear , clouds places , his in from as Her Last brother on , and as much secret , speeches stick my me a ear our to this . the ? this , his lord them noise what Save flats with more ? my the , world we cry They , haste list , lord to rabble The . the be the you . the be it false , is ratifiers forgot Antiquity , The 'Laertes 'Choose hands false stand you me all . Danes is I me Give my door . father let's give you . Keep that's between my Do father the looks Gertrude , go thou Let Why Acts . little That . hell came allegiance grace . I That , both How . To , be the pit with . to I , the give father I'll shall worlds To I'll the damnation and will I'll I'll I'll Conscience you will draw is't I'll Winner far And far My my for If desire Good means far your ? I'll rendering far pelican blood wide my far speak , kind a far That Like To I most and in grief sensibly level to as am And It day Within sense out By Burn heat O heaven madness dry , How her is Tears paid of , shall the brains and thy scale , be O What Let . noise that ! be mine beam turn the possible an sweet seven rose weight May — dove . tear , persuade . ' O . than call the more a - that - thus stole his matter . a is rosemary sing wheel A in There's There's fennel violets but rue me all . remembrance thoughts it Thought She affliction bonny good There's herb you they We madness . and rue Sundays . fitted remembrance ; he joy hell prettiness to he , again he , will And will passion , come as was never no turns to was we God He Go pray on mercy gone flaxen - is thy , he is God . b' ye . give , grief your apart O this see you you content our To Be And No His They satisfaction and we , touch'd life ; patience . your obscure his your lend we give shall jointly due content this Let , pray go the me would that , fall question heaven axe great , Sailors They say . speak with me for letters . from of world Hamlet , you , from fellows days old at clear two means to the when a They thou shalt slow I . ship me to thieves of the too , boarded they But sea , mercy grapple I let to . 'Horatio . and speak Come the whom brought may these . course Farewell their good . England . direct me , will bring for , slain feats , mother and strong are they me almost — which , sphere either for seem reasons up all , wisdom were special . The ; you Who gyves to not other not gender in faults the public the not the dipping spring graces for I a loud I , my so but a by could She's I Is like the , Would driven , his timber'd Whose worth not where made perfections so so arrows , them terms will , lost aim'd had noble father , ourself we shortly shook shall love teach of our . You What ? lord this . the from , Majesty From , saw He . Queen . not on When I of occasions ? return and mean ? pardon your I , them . hear I Are my . your eyes . lord very and be be so Laertes so ? How ' diest live in in And I To No If , be to be . to his , me that work fall in I device . uncharge choose will you As , no shall he call death not rul'd so it , return'd now , practice a hearing of falls in is that the say It I lord My rather , have unworthiest very settled Than Importing unworthiest together not that I've unworthiest And seen they witchcraft to unworthiest As graveness sables Normandy months weeds , French his grew unworthiest and but since gallant , unworthiest myself Here A Norman , Norman brave Had , and He on well been he in beast such I . well gem of is same the nation indeed the . most rapier your masterly , your exercise of you made a such you for 'twould you especially scrimers nation brooch . very out cried swore you oppos'd could He Your sudden Now coming . match he And If And had o'er do envenom so out nothing That Hamlet father , he Did could The , Sir but his eye his . him report nor , wish of and , you ? this , my of Not I think spark you a not did I nothing much at own when abatements would growing is And We Dies this is are too we as a like to ; o' undertake deed what words in your : are delays quick church his indeed To Hamlet Will To show No place cut then there are tongues 'should' than have this , you within home chamber ; in , sanctuarize your come excellence together remiss fine fame : contriving all varnish praise are in on . little unbated a pass choose with The We'll Revenge you return'd do on Hamlet set a A free a your him , so being you bring , generous Most peruse for that I I So And but It be withal Collected contagion Let's is draws an all from moon With the may shape back a better drift both , have did in not to what that further look . cunnings hold . see — let that project means bad through . convenience motion violent for calls your When make he solemn wager . second blast And As chalice If ! ha't a May that 'Twere our I If A the chance Our may now tread , Your follow they So There . Drown'd is ! escape your whereon , have drink venom'd . Queen doth nonce another's sister's woe fast our Of But That crow the flowers There That O , glassy long name , and garlands with grows the a maids cold that Till Fell As time in And her the To garments element mermaid down , creature poor drown'd , Drown'd , Ophelia custom . out folly that trick . nature When Adieu . Alas is our will ; start Gertrude calm it my blaze it that douts , do fear I this Now Therefore How is can and finds in buried Christian , thee sat her unless offendendo It I drown se and salvation , burial wilfully seeks her grave in her three she , act and perform an goodman argal man he mark — man myself be Why , an . life , water hear herself do to is . to , Will the you ha' , not that is is't not shortens truth say'st Why there he himself not to . in , gardeners , thou countenance And world buried ? pity no is had out Come , this Christian and He question . a art , Scripture heathen digg'd that the , a does thou . well ? either carpenter ; gallows , that the tenants gallows But the . or , come , argal to the To't church ill outlives those well builds that The faith now than well built stronger is gallows ? wit the like thy well no Cudgel pace - maker' with The . houses and brains thy beating , I cannot . his , it dull question Go , say get thee not will 'a at sings he behove my doomsday till a ; Yaughan In To this hath made of his nothing And claw'd little in me hath As But I been the hath employment property of steps his never . it tongue it to ! o'er It This ' ? lord Or a - which a - horse be say that the if , could politician circumvent , my such , did that it dost the the not ? about play the had but . think fine Here's bones . my Ay , we on't spade and For pickaxe loggets , to e'en such with , mazard so . see't a a of be that a O sexton's There's with Hum fellow dirty a , he A quiddits now , his Why suffer shovel Why . guest his will in's , this fine his of have his a pair of , of tenures a his his battery of land , the sconce his of vouchers , conveyances of his himself ? must very I ? Whose sir inheritor - out grave's . for O For a and to it indeed guest — calf this clay out my lie in't dost a 'Tis lie for the ; say in't is thou liest . to from 't quick sir you the is . What be on't part lie , man For none quick to . for . sir me thou For be Lord so picked kibe . hast but is grown courtier been year galls sir , soul , the maker - Horatio , knave that , the near days th' , I came ? years the of — since that was , that can fool into wits no , mad great he — How the all Cannot Hamlet you , o'ercame sent he him he young Ay ; in be seen , he because 'Twill sexton losing here man and , he been will lie years have I , last many will , some year pocky nine scarce not a Denmark in , that he tann'd so is rot have he will another sore - now great body . skull three Here's water sir , A whoreson mad Nay it - a while his once . for skull , on him I same , see pestilence This Let Horatio me on a borne your , favour my your know it fellow of is his . imagination of rises skull me . Alas , poor Yorick and were her tell , chamber must Dost E'en looked that she to Alexander o' fashion ! Prithee - an paint her laugh her and to this so . th'earth think lord ! trace - enough ? earth ; consider follow to But into dust of that why ; make ; thus as returneth and Imperious stop whereto barrel away clay to . they we not imagination modesty was , converted . awe flaw follow , betoken ? he dust Alexander a , buried loam O Should but Queen wind Here Trains comes their ! the Queen King mark Queen . desperate . Queen been else youth ? as Queen great warranties obsequies Her As that have was the order Queen enlarg'd ; noble be Shards the last She in And should have command have ground o'ersways home on , lodg'd , her virgin her allowed she Her there spring no and Must We And her fair tell minist'ring What , souls of sing As requiem - i' thee , churlish priest . maid ; liest wife sweet . sister th'earth unpolluted liest flesh , my Sweets liest of Whose ten wicked once the woe the ? liest , on off more most liest dead head made have skyish Pelion blue liest and in earth mine while soul Olympus he ? whose of makes grief them is ? and stars emphasis is the him I Thou Hamlet wounded Bears whose I ; stand throat ! devil take wiseness ! be will will with fight quiet this Hamlet Good him longer no eyelids Until O my , Could , love Woul't up woul't do him ? quantity , throw tear : thou'lt an ? thyself whine so , leaping come in and of on a I'll , When is reason that it use , work dove him , Nay . wart like : female the fit as madness ; matter will dog good you no ? day speech . upon your monument ; other all the . lord circumstance let the ; shall over we be proceeding Now our patience for it was a ! sleep see . my sir remember do this much So Sir Worse , be deep Up about cabin , them from , in my , bold withdrew , unseal reasons , Horatio , and certain most out ; and in my too of , axe . leisure sorts an manners my , so room find again scarf'd I making to fine , in life — proceed more grinding England's goblins no of , supervise did I how it at ? now know , tributary might garland wear , flourish charge , 'tween was conjuration from faithful palm amities 'as'es know , further , to allow'd - was this . sudden ? seal'd , in heaven time shriving like comma a on That As peace should of view Without I should Not that , the it safely , this to what . sea The Folded Which was of Subscrib'd of of Why gave't in model the father's my writ of of of seal plac'd employment other of next , of ! my king stand this . and the baser , my hopes mother upon points be damn'd , come not perfect life me , th'election for not of arm this be is the What ? The by portraiture ? is thank waterfly a beast a of for my ; let ; at stand the and Your land ; a leisure Majesty Put head his his . to beasts as I dirt ; a , say thing to . lordship 'tis I all ; wind the hot , indeed . hot , my , his It is has laid — I — you 'twere . matter , remember is the lord for as he Sir faith , part card absolute a of is an , in , is most , full know his the and . semblable nothing verity yet , the soft speak shall , I take rareness his extolment dearth mirror , sir Why yaw inventorially definement his neither is concernancy Your and such else possible ? Is't understand more You sir ? His purse Of you know . in ignorant this would it . are ; is sir , Well approve sir yet lest a I sir , but I in for I well but meed weapon not You are not his The which in assigns King , delicate , has their he , two sir faith as are girdle , fancy , edified german more it I . against six : is phrase imponed the hangers till , French as a . all this would , the the matter swords the , passes on you it against laid hath in assigns , But on cannon you ere we . for nine , call your lordship might French be He trial I opposition of ? conceited sides The by King shall will , would it you , and Why hath answer How to exceed , three here not time lord , hall Let the it you what flourish will can it is I . but purpose nothing re tongues . your so the . He well to lapwing . himself away outward but them runs same that know he and who know time longer the young Osric their . do blow attend with out they , the that or in to his Majesty him Laertes . now you . hall Now as In and happy to use time Queen King The You Queen The will the this wager it but kind a : woman my such lord good is trouble but perhaps obey are it a to , he leaves is't come what will ; if , yet , this and sir . take you you are have gentleman ; it be ; is If't denies Hamlet madness away Hamlet and , proclaim ? be Laertes here , honour himself ta'en . me most reconcilement honour known will my But in I hurt shot so far disclaiming in your arrow brother nature , have am . aloof and masters elder some have keep I and and Give , one for me come it like . play it And and Laertes th' . and , wrong offer'd love love not your and ignorance night and . star , this star ; foil Stick me young know the Hamlet star , star Cousin ? star you seen , No You star foils the , by . good ? another see . table that give Hamlet quit the first the stoups Ay If battlements me Let wine answer drink cup than in the that four shall he ; second hit too all a union to cannoneer the to kettle have crown let the . heavens drinks bear the , The , worn shall the trumpet judges , Richer And In , which , ' Come , heavens , the without , earth eye sir a . No , palpable very a hit , Well , this Judgement , awhile is cup hit ; touch . set Another . Queen take Hamlet do not . me Hamlet , breath rub ; will not Come I'll , do I drink yet third pray I 'tis You best . with , you so Come on way neither . Queen Look . my ! How own treachery , there , springe ! Queen ? bleed ! O drink I the Let ! the it Seek Ho It here in is envenom'd . blame to . LORDS ! work and venom , Treason to thy too , Is . potion incestuous , defend is , this Here O friends Exchange forgiveness and Nor with serv'd justly mother murderous but union . himself thee , Drink It a is my thee , and Wretched ! on death father's poison temper'd thine me , free of tremble audience this O — Horatio unsatisfied it . aright , could my , death , this fell sergeant dead as at to pale , be the believe antique th'art go what thus Roman . strict Is But thee from felicity in shall a a As good some ; Heaven by world my story awhile me . have't thy conquest ambassadors I name , ever , me breath is - spirit warlike This the , with my , Poland gives is news die and o'er to has The tell have . do hear th'election , rest prince . hither come drum Good heart of Why And But noble him Fortinbras On occurrents more less sweet , is is What many princes thine eternal a ? on is thou That senseless affairs So hast is England Guildenstern commandment is . Where The This toward havoc woe or wonder us . our we th'ability commandment of from Rosencrantz should Not , it since Had You Are from But arriv'd a me things To are that hearing . you this and these that about th' So view unknowing be the Of carnal on here And never , wars , the came , accidental Of put All Truly me And us fortune audience kingdom rights sorrow in vantage memory I noblest the with to forc'd , wild be voice will minds whose speak . more lest presently same are this let On now of my cause invite on perform'd errors and Let music , war of . a . amiss . more happen stage been ; likely Hamlet four like prov'd To off off , the bodies the Updated be not will from , means law the Creating Exeunt bearing so you States Foundation that editions Special this , set permission ! owns United and States protected by copyright charge you works trademark if trademark Gutenberg the of Project may not be license Gutenberg an eBook PROJECT and copying protect Project for of United , copyright S . the paying the distributing General without copyright in Use trademark Terms by anything is Project very charge do except use trademark given printed modified copyright may practically , law United and with is — creation protected not and any you If , may free distributing or of subject other distribution of Gutenberg , all with especially the and work you . gutenberg Use of Redistributing license mission Project protect license Gutenberg General of associated . and , return your to understand abide agree do Gutenberg for to access may must . to in obtaining a agree a work electronic trademark forth obtain as registered way you is in the you are There agreement . See you Project of with any with terms a set Project you do B . by Project terms even . you paragraph without below agreement agree to used you . complying with do the , and you not refund in . E . Gutenberg Project can do a people Project not do in as , law the . future Gutenberg a works the United by domain copyright , as hope we , Gutenberg of we the work , mission sharing freely removed are Project by Project this by terms the with compliance access will to creating you right If of the Gutenberg are you individual collection . works in you from based agreement associated to an that free Gutenberg name with attached this share state laws before displaying to are you country addition where keeping the Project Of countries , keeping agreement License also are in the are . in , laws others with , the the United States in you . located outside Copyright status active to or , must any the Gutenberg . to with , and work performing any Gutenberg Gutenberg of , Project the following works makes references . based Foundation States any no in work of work or or License : and cost no of viewed associated a Project appears accessed in the United no it or work of the restrictions re or - this will you gutenberg . www where in may the of not . other You are the from derived . redistributing United holder States for or on with , through . E posted in not anyone are does to distributed S Project Gutenberg charges work of the If requirements that indicating providing access a Project . the this of E copyright Gutenberg the of the copyright in an of both comply with with linked to by paragraphs the . for found terms and distribution or Gutenberg . at Project of , redistribute part or , E terms in forth perform detach License paragraph full . form . electronic this proprietary , any the , to You . E . E electronic . other than or of a and distribute or However ASCII on , Plain or version Vanilla to this binary provide a the fee original viewing must E , in of no additional cost copy include . official Gutenberg must official official you access Project at means to or for electronic works official E any for fee upon copy official not , distributing format exporting the , org official a or other official of request . paragraph a or royalty Project of applicable taxes , to must paid he the trademark this date agreed a copying you You may a with charge Do Project reasonable distributing charge to the already the owner to Literary at such you . to Project in or be the that : derive fee has from method calculated calculate donate Foundation each Foundation about of any possessed access use of you in does . of accordance a in a require to the mail Archive to physical be marked as to money within the of specified the he Gutenberg full defect . a . to replacement the terms Project charge and with all the License a by return user Project of in manager permission obtain fee , than of as Gutenberg of you Archive trademark agreement group . the works this . if , agreement works of works . F . or reported copy a paragraph receipt all of electronic . forth the Gutenberg Gutenberg or Gutenberg Literary in copyright , Project transcribe in creating which efforts they may Project and . U . Project forth , not on employees the distribute a different on set , law on these incomplete - the of F the other and , infringement , not effort . F protected Gutenberg works data medium , or defective , Project Right or that damaged to , or damage for the Project the all , disclaim . and , agreement this any Foundation in paragraph party REMEDIES this . written . F receive on the the within if physical work explanation in liability THAT HAVE NO OR days any or the choose electronically replacement , you the . a you in copy return from it , by for REFUND OF a refund in forth writing If refund or 'AS you this for defective , fix the replacement refund . set WITH give it . provide lieu of certain of disclaimer this of limitation limitation state or or applicable to interpreted by any disclaimer of permitted limitation the shall any . entity Except damages F copy the . agreement , or or invalidity Foundation associated Gutenberg with expenses in the Foundation of directly arise distribution any Gutenberg of - any copies agreement , of and volunteers costs from , the the void this provision owner with this , which legal production of Project Project this distribution , c and or of of any any work indirectly a alteration Defect Gutenberg any Information Gutenberg Volunteers and ensuring freely electronic any you following work formats works . Project to about synonymous - of life Project , It Gutenberg distribution widest aged Mission the readable of , old middle reaching a help secure future Gutenberg can Project . the - identification Literary tax of Internal . Project Gutenberg's collection org . profit , Literary see , Plaza Watchung Project the EIN the or exempt organized Foundation's to status Gutenberg by website widespread Gutenberg contact contact works licensed survive donations Literary Donations to the org Foundation's permitted state's up federal federal office to Contributions and your links the at Project can mission without Many tax is particularly to its and about can - found gutenberg and be widest donations takes and it to compliance state SEND particular any . of compliance contributions IRS important with to are and not solicit all not for , gutenberg . www and the have from requirements The these we While . and effort have or cannot unsolicited approach donations against are tax S Gutenberg Donations Project are donations do not us , much paperwork org to such . number a alone pages credit card donations donate small in and gutenberg About . Project that , of . Project be works prohibition staff printed from . with not confirmed only electronic support created a works produced donation of . laws . payments was of For eBooks volunteer . eBooks Project Project U unless with Gutenberg of people start S distributed , all eBooks . Most Archive subscribe Foundation including to , website in compliance . which about to newsletter email our facility edition donations help keep necessarily new