! Nay twelve And For I am thanks to upon your sick . bitter heart at Have Not , Horatio bid ground reliev'd who Dane them and , meet do of rivals If you my hear think O Barnardo has Holla night you to soldier honest , what , Horatio Welcome have seen thing Welcome again . him of . speak to . night this apparition this watch dreaded not sight have the minutes , if tush us What Sit are so let That And Last When Had made same his now The yond thee Peace , same it let Well nights us we the , Horatio to speak like beating Marcellus of hear And star burns t'illume that's course bell the Thou then , westward and — where heaven . King me spoke Horatio , time . this and the Question It would It like harrows it majesty heaven is By that thou Together What Did sometimes In How ! You think God ! Of it to very Is As like sensible What I and on . Polacks he thou not mine not angry an Norway armour ? avouch , th'ambitious the With This bodes now twice stalk , and particular , strange and the Why sit , some smote the sledded the to at watch I of tell most of observant ; he watch , task : day ? valiant of to appear'd which by side this Well , stood of ; of inheritance cov'nant and full there , and here young hot , of a by As hath it But diet , which , enterprise other no by unto this , take it , preparations , and watch other that our motive . haste rummage but like . the portentous watch this so palmy Julius state Rome eye mind's fell , star still to and Have prologue heaven our together coming on where ! again comes . me blast Lo . Unto it there to to done me to like almost the even sick If thou hast , harbingers As And cross I'll use to life of oft ! and of it happily , Or Extorted if , which Speak my with if Do And For was then to vain speak it And The , Doth We Upon cock Whether in or . present of spirit earth shrill erring And object the crowing Some It say ever on our that bird then And fairy they say of Wherein This To are wholesome nights hallow'd heard the look I , we our So the Walks Break Do do't Where find Cornelius memory yet , Laertes most him I , pray shall The Therefore be our Though contracted hath far so hearts Together funeral 'twere and with one with and barr'd our nor ; along Your equal in this Now Taken better , by late and out worth our brother's his be not hath He Colleagued Now Lost fail'd to to thinking Holding a our disjoint dear lands message bonds much time all . those of with us dream of advantage is , is is is is writ scarcely all made is power Norway herein gait full subject his and farewell ? Laertes you . scope the old . Denmark ? thy thou to reason suit what's . instrumental more be offer native Denmark of thou wouldst not now whence bow them and Dread willingly duty my What is Upon his hath He Aside A . is that cousin graces Laertes lord beseech you give ; Hamlet , Laertes time at Laertes spend , it best will laboursome do I Laertes seal'd him hang nighted a thy vailed the friend colour Laertes am than my hour will son than Laertes Laertes Denmark . too the it How so Seems , 'Tis not Nor madam Together , nor That For Nor Nor No I in in in But sweet To But That in father these , commendable in filial do In Of To stubbornness in most we , 'tis a , and most the ? dead , who still today hath cried , heaven love world he absurd a theme to of son in . you school died common , throne , us throw take note , his , eye remain , our Hamlet , our to Wittenberg : not , madam us my , in thee pray Why smiling gentle , all shall to jocund great But No King's Denmark ; Denmark clouds away Come shall heaven the to cannon my the O And Re - stale , weary 'gainst self all ! grows Seem so not that rank and this ! an come the and would Heaven . beteem should things fie ; nay a merely it loving was much to of heaven a my appetite , those Why wants that beast longer mourn'd Would Niobe , all A tears my poor were shoes is — month old — reason of even father's thy . father . unrighteous more with discourse like month . to good tongue . my must hold : lord name . Good good My very what am in truant not faith shall Nor it you make To . know your is what to yourself came , you I mock your me see not lord to , Thrift , my furnish Did I My In father Would My my He was saw I man him , eye , a all again . him was I once I ? King father your attent Season and the Upon With an The This the witness Been Appears A and had love God's Two Goes Almost In By Within truncheon's - and of on , whilst act they both true father me , eyes he solemn : exactly them cap , and oppress'd speak stately by them surprised , distill'd to , watch , we ; this I , apparition , are not where watch it address speak away , cock crew would methought true . our yet did haste as like lifted made it the My But But As , And 'Tis very strange , my lord ? to toe . From lord my sorrow in . beaver his wore head , look'd ? Most fix'd countenance , he up lord frowningly . amaz'd been eyes I . with haste Stay'd a hundred . you like much longer Longer tell constantly had there . it long his ? have when as A Perchance 'twill sable grizzled MARCELLUS and BARNARDO was I beard I saw't . in tonight again ; still hell though peace shall If Let Upon And If tenable loves an understanding I'll Our duty doubt then Till My loves mine your . to But that from you hear Though some foul , earth are And And convoy doubt winds . lasting ; favour , so more no No of primy , his of a ; blood minute nature , permanent perfume The does Perhaps withal And virtue may subject will you birth whole his persons not cautel but crescent nature of service his as , not therefore the is sanctity and voice weigh'd For Unto Whereof . soil for Then so particular loss voice deed Denmark honour your yielding he his wisdom health , you he state his on be this for his his your heart credent what he As May fits Than And that to body loves , affection my importunity your or unmaster'd chariest , keep Virtue canker 'scapes her maid fear his . open dear your enough . too safety are best though imminent in good morn , then itself I Youth Too Be And and unmask itself before their liquid good But . treads of puff'd and my . grace . shame . reckless me blessing Aboard the here Occasion double But is a aboard leave double upon a second sail for , tongue thy stay'd wind The Yet you And I stay ? smiles Laertes sits , in There by for in thy thought but , unto - do But to new Bear't Give Take Are And But For of a Neither the borrower oft For they in France apparel fancy the and of oft habit as thy but thy buy man and . gaudy ; rich ; above must not blessing be : canst loan borrowing loses the thine to . man night false as my your you invites is't keep What Farewell Ophelia What keep keep And keep keep Lord hath he please keep He So me — you ? up many a perilous ! like in affection of . honour . me clearly your bounteous . tell put 'tis must the — me tenders truth I tenders ta'en , to for true more poor love . to countenance go . go the prodigal know do , both is extinct importun'd you'll , In fashion honourable My you call hath he may to given springes the Giving hath Ay And , the When heat heat Do And be with heat given a that mere implorators heat believe Than may Breathing to ; In may he a . heat tether , heat suits of . sanctified which you parley heat Believe Not But I would better The to to't As The is and hour What is it ? of I shrewdly a nipping lacks draws lord walk to . King and tonight this the his drum The it held , heard No , swaggering his draughts thus , rouse . men , in not , them , attribute at height with indeed and and though , our swinish perform'd in of they of particular his of origin are forts much these defect — grace . it lord substance general as livery the manners be The take as may star , doubt evil , hell thee shape I'll intents in speak thy Why Let me their Wherein cast King canoniz'd ; quietly and What ! again of of moon , this So night thus dead up we his thee corse Making thou That Say thoughts It what impartment away to you ? go did more courteous a No , not to action . lord speak by then will ground desire means no it ; it to it go Why not will not And I do my set Being waves should be it do pin's the his assume deprive into madness of form sea the the toys so many fathoms the of brain flood , cliff horrible , lord thee . of the you fate cries , Unhand call'd make — I makes each as not . this . nerve me . that body ? this obey I'll . imagination of will thus not ; He , By , follow . Denmark the is lead me ? state in will Speak , I'll . and Alas render sulph'rous up hearing thou , nature , forbid blood their to start freeze lightest in fires house away the I tale and the to combined soul crimes foul and purg'd of thy Are And knotted eyes the unfold , father porpentine from word part on must fretful stand be , list locks stars like each Like of his Murder and this and didst love not . List ! dear , weed the fat the the my with , unnatural is ; swift as find not stung ; in That Wouldst As , to me Haste meditation or ; Now . that me a serpent O Mine uncle ! father's thy sting did that out this on orchard wharf , hear . wit and , of So The witchcraft Ay O So those of My me . a ! let Upon juice of hour my , a , decline a ; through alleys enmity as swift That a The And curd , a eager vigour droppings milk posset whose with it blood an distilment of cursed a gates natural And a , crown of , the even , of , body but disappointed imperfections my O made , in horrible hast by at my blossoms brother's unanel'd my to sent horrible head most my a in ! thy not those Taint Against To ; Adieu And ; O shall I And ; me my hell poor ghost ; of thee memory Remember ? a ? What ? heart else , instant , O fie ! earth old , be in Now is O with Within the book . woman and , ho , come my ! once think it all . lord . lord my . man , heaven and villain an he's , we hands right ; and for my us go , you Look For us needs To us lord us the grave us all — lord . us lord my Horatio us . you , between let what , soldiers us , here vision We . not swear't lord , My Never In Ha , ha Come my , oath to you lord . that have speak this Swear of Then sword cellarage the by . shift Swear Come hands . we'll lay ! Beneath more th'earth ground that work it , welcome is wondrous earth give so help think , your in perchance hereafter soe'er such times or As Or , 'Well we Or 'If As before encumber'd by we Or you , at never in things , as , are are Here bear philosophy . myself — shall - odd know' put To arms giving That With giving you That So giving giving to — giving ; such list grace giving know giving , t'express not born , still Beneath spirit commend to . set . right it . inquiry Reynaldo will this shall marvellous Of you Before , wisely . Reynaldo Paris and Danskers said . expense well I particular at , and well My said lord ; you , sir they ; first this know your know 'I Take And Marry , And him , this knowledge you of finding question more drift distant son you and father 'twere ' , but — as very ' his him' do mark , Reynaldo ' , I you dishonour if't Addicted ' ' ' you You ' must meaning That My That's , Faith not That flash they But Wherefore , it believe laying You I And sir , seen , guilty you , you little a soil'd is sullies would of my th' a As party with so , this , country this consequence ' the and , of converse Mark would 'friend or , prenominate crimes the in in assur'd ! gentleman marry 'gentleman and ' the What good man to sir does , my Very was — about consequence ay : yesterday I 'closes At does I , mass the , rouse perchance or : of advice lecture , this a at out gaming he falling saw was closes then 'I And Or then or There There Videlicet With him falsehood we of takes so house . find , with former You b' his Observe thus son let , you . my lord inclination , foul'd , other hell purport of me . ankle his stockings my in name the doublet his piteous out been so knocking in Mad for truly me wrist all held of brow face o'er hand perusal of his arm , mine of up and to little — it And he would head his to the it a seem his to with out , go the And He . under , of , bulk lets help the . love undertakings late itself , desperate ecstasy , letters but hard you am words sorry I . very our him any — of heaven and access with my sort , trifle jealousy he as common is thee hath you given mad . denied to that That good lord ; I sorry not seems be As it is . better him and . King younger utter , to to , inward Something to did you heard provoke th'exterior Hamlet's nor Since than since you More That little on time , rest by and companies and youth to young th'understanding , I should himself brought up in here th'understanding of dream of cannot So Resembles th'understanding th'understanding th'understanding th'understanding th'understanding And vouchsafe to occasion much men two so your afflicts to gather , you of . thanks bent And full have into obey freely . To Might the your dread sovereign power entreaty We pleasures to at , feet your ourselves both , in . visit . gentle gentle instantly you and gentlemen . and amen helpful presence , news the , my my hold good liege , King . of return'd , my . sure have found of : brain , this so Hamlet's — of I long my do of lunacy hear hath them and , son's he main no them fruit first shall to , me the admittance , My speak He The Say , I head news and tells His Welcome my from he levies His It That was But borne falsely which ; Highness Highness So give Makes Highness th'assay Receives Highness against Highness so his he hand in ; in , sends brief Highness uncle overcome , arms his , Norway against and before crowns those employ against before dominions regards entreaty an it As It such our , And are your Through My majesty What day nothing but night , is the brief tediousness will Mad What Madam More , I art at but Your . go that matter That Your And farewell let Your is mad , I it we Your us the comes for , effect Your rather Or That Mad Your find it I For have given Hath Thus Who and phrase : that best numbers , whilst most these doubt this . O hath , by means solicitings and Adieu him reckon to believe is ; receiv'd of to me honourable what on love , think faithful you my daughter show'd me , place the you , love think But and What do . you tell or , with idle bespeak gave resort , my . of no fruits a of fast , advice make — star dumb , book - desk the heart think young not she should . a look'd mistress is be no Admit he into a repulsed lock herself , thus receive , watch done Hamlet my Fell been there Hath Where truth hid , me How know this Not When it prov'd that Let And where beseech the I you wretch both comes . away . carters a for farm will We good good I'll him good mercy good are , does Do How you good honest lord man ? lord good a were , my thousand good . true , to That's honest Then Not would her For sun maggots Have ? my truly first that ; you by daughter And . in speak I'll this at to What mean is the who read it eyes that sir to , crab you — sometimes lord there the backward as I am Aside hits How a like . this walk is method air ? of . his my him on and more my he Hamlet go lord . is part daughter . except , that . there ; My honoured ! lord dost the . friends lads ! My , the earth ye do , how ? over ? of soles Neither waist in excellent Rosencrantz that thou of both button her favours middle in her the Fortune of ? about her , Faith the secret Fortune doomsday , parts my Denmark's is many world the , Prison ; We think being not , so o' my th' confines one prison , and . worst lord . either myself bad dreams very dream . is it a a of I for ; shadow light I that outstretch'd , for ; But . Elsinore . occasion are lord my , even in dear inclining . should me Come come it a free ? Is thank I ? Is other ; halfpenny nay , Is but . Is speak , Is for craft there is . and Is not rights could you proposer , love me hold , direct no or What . eye , so lord the , withal charge you why exercises goodly excellent this other a What no , this late most appears firmament . in world , like an faculties quintessence paragon dust though the they king hither shall then when , not coted in man on shall in part target way , have the peace ; sere o' blank — they are , freely the those make gratis , laugh use his . shall . innovation Are and late the they comes estimation same hold their inhibition they so they How comes the they Do , the are common eyases clapped of goose Who longer ? they quality they pursue , like , has no for bid Is't and . on do to , there tarre that about player question . the brains his , hands Your Let extent to Elsinore There are something is Gentlemen appurtenance garb this are welcome you , see Happily second the right me the . say indeed so . it You . you was in , history , or for . either pastoral his the — comedy the are a , he Israel what These . liberty too historical - cannot writ - actors unlimited . tragical The lord ' ? Jephthah daughter I my . a have , God pass , then to the pious , The welcome are came row of , chanson , wot , was For thee to it , lord ? where , my . good last ! me friends , first me . old , We'll me thee e'en straight , me see welcome for the my ? me . ring like passionate never remember top me matters . speech to't cracked of ladyship your lady By'r , Come , once cried scenes no called than to it in were , was but I in there the in once But such one but much . of this at digested , well said very by and , the matter savoury affectation of author he , especially he where begin he memory he The Black he Now blood With he With heraldry total , black and Head gules dismal more with with tyrannous . in damned parching a Roasted , the fathers , with mothers Priam you light fire with good and accent good with , well Anon his with to Repugnant with Th'unnerved the But Pyrrhus with Rebellious feel Priam at to . tyrant lo , head , Ilium flaming and his to will , th'air . stood as like we But Stoops Seeming prisoner Which nothing seem'd , declining , whiff and wind falls this father Of reverend bold in winds region , armour A And Doth general , death sets falls the the Break And It shall This a to jig Say to bawdry beard come your is to the or , barber's too the a or on ; Run Where In 'Gainst Who But The burst with the Fortune's instant Unless A the ! That's good 'Mobled clout A that . in , with treason make his she When he where not Would well things milch passion , used will . well ; them less they them bodikin My , them should them them them ha't tomorrow them sixteen You Follow that Ay look of , Murder could in't study need a and I'll you I , which lord My are my good friends not you , conceit ! Elsinore leave . You I , do all nothing aspect own here of passion all all with he all tears the appal with drown would have all to for motive the he mad faculties all And all Plucks Who Upon A deep as 'Swounds by As ! my - or and does lie face ? throat ? cause , king brave , murder'd hell , words , with most ! brain unpack heaven and vengeance very heart Foh , of sitting guilty That ! vengeance , A Been vengeance About by struck proclaim'd no soul very - whore , upon't my vengeance scullion They their cunning at scene , these players vengeance vengeance the drab heard the a the have a presently the speak the so though the have malefactions . looks the father of his blench have but seen power ; I melancholy spirits King thing , he devil that , quiet confusion circumstance , of this dangerous he drift distracted and all why what But we true on forward by himself feels he find Most Did he his state gentleman would him do When But Niggard much his him to ? reply certain , your and see entreat ; doth it hear heart to and ; To much order we players Of these the further edge me , about already these delights 'Tis matter so on . And he content my We him my all With purpose lord shall That And Good And gather be If't and bestow by him thus part may their Affront sent accident us Hamlet lawful may Ophelia 'twere closely encounter he Your Hamlet's To Ophelia , loneliness How smart harlot's Than to speech are such — devil O most ! oft with o'er exercise , that too sugar visage true 'tis to deed cheek Aside not is Is him hear , be nobler against them and ; and to that the in of ? To the to of mind , be arrows arms The Whether opposing take slings not 'tis Or by by end To and a to sleep have of shuffled this mortal the the quietus these weary a under takes the man's life dreams may come coil , respect of , might , time . proud , the his might , delay might spurns , make life fardels might the whose after bear , might pale currents pith action ! Nymph might , not know we others does thus to rather us makes fly name all does ; many , of , for well this re remembrances I longed you have remember'd in you now . a my sins my you thank lord day yours deliver breath ; know words , lord now to long , ha ! rich of things poor Are lord , My to so for my ; honour'd My As made the their perfume . should lord you Are What have to and means honesty your fair be That honest bawd This . into Ay what is it Could not have shall , believed it of was the relish . you believe . now but sooner honesty the honesty than the force paradox did I . my Indeed it thee that myself to a indifferent better mother , were revengeful thoughts them to nunnery You we but stock ambitious ; more so thou could them do us shape beck or Go ? Where's , believe fellows all should with had Why but yet What . it , We be doors O I'll as , men go well ; know go enough Or you . as thee plague this you him upon you the Let you you help him , you you , pure you O of make lisp , I'll and keep creatures too powers God's marriages Th'expectancy no another Those noble , mind rose fashion scholar's a mind more ; the mind , soldier's what mind , o'erthrown ! mind ! mind , prevent neglected quick for with sits on a tend see , do it hatch form lack'd and the expel his heart thus I think him on't puts in objects countries shall you do please , said grief believe ear the with the him not him in , where , be alone after , lord My fit it conference him . so plac'd send , grief To in shall ones it but , thus , you mouth , I But your soul , to I part , most . too Be the , but warrant you whipped of the , say may I , hand as temperance and robustious to it may that very to hear have - not the observance show tardy it own off of , you o'erstep playing , the be , with both action , tutor at to overdone your not , not bellowed that for this special the but and up very age I make have gait that them I or it have . have to clowns your us with necessary shows question quantity , have That's to in in be though to have than it some them . have of there be a have ? presently of ? piece the How considered , too the the Will help , my ROSENCRANTZ that fool , work What We Here , sweet lord , at man ; from feed and clothe thee , I not , flatter'd , knee are and buffets . thou , that her herself for men are Fortune's I and my man mingled . circumstance King a father's death this of me Give will much too in tonight comes thee see'st , it , uncle with I I In will both our seeming judgements to his my of will we censure mine Vulcan's And ghost after . that unkennel in his Give imaginations one rivet my a is As And the I play a Enter fares A are Well . faith ; of these words you th'university Polonius , crammed answer To Hamlet you . How Hamlet eat , a ? are . My . Brutus killed Be calf your patience sit ready players lord they capital kill to you i' . enact I kill'd a me by , stay was brute a Come To Lady good , I fair What is to a country ? Nothing . legs . my , I , Who maker mother two black my for life or outlive . a . looks months months the 'tis devil , build man's ! may twice two let die great heavens then O . long hours he , and passionate he , else is of , dead his away comes , carried and this Marry show this mallecho it is imports the tell fellow : all what us tell , by miching , or any For us Here , show naught You naught naught thirty As times wash cart naught ring ? round naught . patiently clemency . a naught lord , But Make the our again cheer you are you . is That us count o'er it or , aught is made extremity nothing love siz'd , you quantity my you women's lord my Discomfort , I Faith My And Such , Where Where little love , powers live , belov'd For confound O , husband love Honour'd , shalt thou wormwood kill'd be let but . must husband needs be second In None wed I husband time respects The Which But fall pay The Their joy violence own revels , grieves of ourselves necessary The What This love The aye aye aye Our aye aye aye The And advanc'd doth love makes shall a seasons Directly never enemy none second first lord light . of ends husband is wed heaven nor day and and be trust prison ever be and well hope , my beguile . sleep with leave break it wife . lasting face , me a I Both , Ophelia If deeply tedious grow sworn . heard Have , they do , no but jest call the ? the piece ; wince This gall'd we . Gonzago a , chorus . not Let . us , Baptista wife a : unwrung lord I if you . groaning my , keen and better worse , murderer croaking creature weeds infected , collected ; You wife shall see how anon . The . story my with the me How . estate very Why . go ; must away of world while play let The a watch some hart the shoes turn not fortunes with me , deer lights , For , Would this me a , A Horatio good . sir , Damon pajock a . Very , I'll the Ah ha ! Come Upon Why then , belike , well of talk very note . the , my , music some music music some music if , sir — history music , what , King music ? music sir With lord more . would him plunge perhaps choler with his retirement Your doctor , Good my lord , you my mother discourse into from tame wildly , sir not , be your end If . breed do answer of welcome is pardon make to good Queen The , courtesy a You return ? shall my of , amazement you , mother stonish so your admiration struck a mother's mother . her ! hath the to were she closet our with times Have any you you into is bed . do of cause these ? us ten with this ere in desires We shall your , Sir your by do , I once did . surely the bar . to the King himself proverb is the with my ? musty a this . into , toil would me well not O sir How that be you — succession , the to I my lord my . My Believe of beseech I touch do you it ventages my me cannot and . govern , any know my these your . these with as I no : command breath music give know lying it you of discourse upon instrument think will . though am you , voice , play sir do I the would the out , you . the pluck to in this presently indeed . like — will by . come I whale by a my to mother . bent and will — and by come I by By , bosom let not , blood mother . hypocrites be . to ; nature now not , in seals in them give To To let not your I his him , range near of lunacies grow more majesty . Majesty much rest , mind and wheel , mount highest the it ; it huge whose the mortis'd adjoin'd and near not That live single the spirit Fix'd Attends small boist'rous , but the spokes ten which . with , will I ; sigh Which you Arm ROSENCRANTZ will haste Did Each arras I'll to his she'll myself , liege lord to ; what , upon't can eldest murder guilt what like , stand I And what stronger than itself What inclination My what A hath the It Though what . not wash But to in And what Or To Is To pardon'd being . turn ; be effects cannot fault My Can serve my is for mine one My Forgive Forgive Forgive Even give his There Forgive Buys Forgive O Yet what can state wretched Forgive it evidence nature . 'tis gilded Try Art Bow Now now might so And With all took audit broad father crimes his in with his how heavy take is our him in th'incestuous asleep thou or drunk is in gaming no or salvation be relish and , him . the for season'd swearing , that And him has , soul physic The fly words My When my As have your his straight my you him Look you too been Grace my . Pray my Within I Withdraw my be that my and pranks come him And Tell warrant hear Fear you Now , Go the ? What's thou Come , Mother the , by the so my . your mother your you ? your your . can you your , rat , dead your me not shall of , Draws ! slain am thou done , Behind A As deed and kill thee Ay To find'st to be be If of your better thy heart busy hands braz'd Peace it lady , kill , let Leave Thou 'twas too made , Take is . some danger , farewell — sit so . that hypocrite and act shall down , the love tongue modesty innocent , grace I proof and done What Ay , doth mass face Heaven's against the makes vows a glow deed as and . so what An eye See New The a station upon Look combination this moor Ha mountain brother it cannot You on his husband . like now follows . feed to and leave , judgement this ! at sure what for is , sense err that have blind , sans sight was't choice not ; tame sure you blood the - hey The Is could And this Sense have step Else Nor sense But it without Ears so serve That Eyes Or hath in To To in her in O . flaming compulsive actively will more leave will As Nay , And there into no black not Thou corruption my tinct live love ears ; and ; part Hamlet sweet enter Of A words O And from cutpurse put it in his pocket ! rule . twentieth a in a me o'er and of shelf guards king hover You Do son . shreds with your mad time Save laps'd The That me would visitation This say O purpose mother . works bodies and thy sits . strongest her soul lady , on thy ! your passion . her to O But look step your your How Alas your , it is't with your air like an Whereon how Do — conjoin'd your , tears perchance I not to your pale do Look and you for hear did all yet habit liv'd steals ! portal the . brain he at as out ? away it . temperately very , madness grace . time madness to ; heaven my the mining yourself all , avoid Confess but film what on is unction Mother will . music Is as makes My pulse I Lay will but your flattering , and rank unseen For And do them Virtue , To ranker fatness the , corruption me compost vice leave him beg half it . good twain in other mine it you away Hamlet night . But purer worser to the bed with cleft my yet angel sense , times ; virtue part live to evil , gives lend on use all , And either wondrous devil are you potency can abstinence likewise aptly And I'll you Once the To me punish To be their this but change , the desirous , with will again only So answer good kind well . and good , lord , me it , and I will gave bestow death I Thus And him on , your ravel to in that's mad who but a , sense the famous , creep basket the like top secrecy in and would , not this queen . craft I you in Make Such Would I I trust There's I letters Whom They blow And Mother lug the , I'll with 'tis to knavery , moon delve yard crafts Indeed , an toward a most them in Is Come Who good life foolish neighbour secret you . most and to . knave end profound them ! heaves must You these ; is your on place lord contend ? son These understand we fit ? this as Behind his in out Whips And Mad What good Gertrude the rapier the the Which mad This It kept young would so , out fit was of us , a of owner of of pith from not short laid this of is be , understand But it like of . the of Where kill'd ? of . away touch mountains ! this vile deed aid , further done skill Guildenstern . slain him the friends . name come and discord stowed GUILDENSTERN ROSENCRANTZ What noise Within you lord it have , whereto . may that , it to the believe ? to a his , rewards of by Besides mine lord his my , best his gleaned a in speech not you us lord I must tell of A . sponge needs in soaks that such when lord be of corner do up But an glad and , fox Bring . The the go not body the King to this distracted man on all scourge , of like where This in not must dangerous to seek that put we lov'd so , the never Yet I He's not him is it But not is bestow'd him , But Where dead , At politic worms fat where Now At supper emperor for of dishes two for certain Alas , hath that table fed this that eat of dost What alas a ? of to but Nothing all king fish fish the man with you Where king beggar a go mean by ? find messenger Polonius If But indeed if there stairs come . safety him you go . Good it So see sees ; for ! Farewell is one . them if knew'st thou come , mother , my man I'll my , man That man And man mother ; Delay Follow man on hold'st at make hence . Tempt have man th'affair which may give thy not , England and awe set begun ne'er I were know Till my me , greet me of You conveyance that the him Tell , If let so eye us the him in aught know Majesty express our duty know my ; rendezvous license , Go And do't on . are these powers nephew to , Norway of frontier , sir ground ? I , sir part some for Goes to We Or Who commands the Why That the man then the Polack and of question twenty it , Yes th'imposthume the thousand , straw wealth and , thousand debate is And he I'll Will't you feed straight you his all with be If that before and after with and revenge Go occasions and A And yet which thought and cause ever have do't such and and me , charge , do and , prince exhort earth and to and it be say say scruple say say , dare great then , How quarrel without . eggshell to greatly Is all say Whose fortune kill'd , sleep all twenty say death trick and and to thousand my father my cannot tomb their , for graves fantasy imminent reason fight time . be from the of I stain'd , have distract she ? it , is doth be yield thought , yet were make fit use sense they nothing in doubt move thoughts beats her , in great is be guilt . strew , to ? Ophelia How should By sweet ? you pray Nay this and dead and , How his one ? and hat dead He his At heels green lady staff ? mark . but Ophelia gone , flowers as mountain you stone , grave love - all White Which How With Alas , you say not upon father when they : Valentine's morning , betime your say of They but dild , what God know Conceit By la Alack an Never , and and Cock , maid more I'll oath Pretty Indeed , before ha' An would You promis'd do't fie for tumbled wed yonder I must thus But ground . to not well be all , it weep of . And think to Next Of Thick good hugger and to fair beasts violent he come , not the have or pictures containing from as her inter are and . done and muddied single whispers , spies Gertrude and thoughts Poor Gertrude father in But For secret And is as we secret and from him secret , Ophelia , secret , Gertrude to his of our , places this secret piece my With Switzers secret secret Like In , are noise noise noise What my noise the matter ? the noise noise the . cry dogs Danish trail false , applaud be on this is counter The are — is Where this will We thank I . Keep Give you cuckold Cries the father my door my . divinity doth — me would our , harlot bastard brow Laertes , it a what Tell father my is Where . king - Speak Dead him . fill ? demand him ! him — incens'd Let Vows the give worlds the only To father I juggled . not to this Let both damnation allegiance he My come That , To shall will Conscience came How , I'll them far go Good death desire , friend , with both in and . then arms pelican , your foe of now with kind them my blood rendering gentleman father's know wide life good friends child . speak ? and a grief in . for What my madness and sense Like am as Within How up shall virtue . the kind is't as mortal O heat Burn our Till Dear out dry . brains . instance it some in After It sister sister O sister By scale , heaven heavens sends sister Should sister is be precious possible nonny a hey sister nonny - down stole master's . O — the my could and It it becomes for nothing's This daughter . than for , remember thoughts more . and love matter ; pray . a father wither'd may call violets for me . A you a they fennel with sweet Robin is daisy o' rue Sundays would made my hell some here's must you ; say he you O I They itself ? snow , b' . bed ? dead again again as poll is ? God soul God O pray ye . give ours will me , and hand kingdom we your but apart you , soul , earth , axe . letters have they say pray is I Sailors Let What , comes Reads thou . sea shall from fellows sir , th'ambassador King a shalt am slow the in ship . thieves our and me good to will the I so . as repair words light days some 'Horatio Horatio , to means when at ourselves them mercy I boarded knew . of pirate grapple , chase clear of am Rosencrantz have him do't the will you speedier from acquittance heart with your a knowing slain father brought them may your these that , feats , capital . life for your hath That Why by for , it and in his either , much his , general her moves or to yet Lives That could to as so She's the almost plague may by they you , strong and life not star me my to conjunctive my count I . other The gender affection stone , aim'd I I desperate father noble lost not must will You , You , You more shall flat hear danger . You . the You saw He . Claudio brought them . them not them You . your , strange return know . Leave , that you 'High . Reads kingdom shall and mean it Know you a Hamlet's here am lost It in you I That live how you Will , by in How , ' . diest shall If warms As To No My say rather That You be much , him sum a Your the . grew but , sables graveness He doing , the Normandy months weeds gallant Two and that no his , since , his his he and far shapes of of what So incorps'd So So is same very . So So know So He could He He He He your , with but do envenom , 'twould your envy He their indeed of , this to Now ? of ? sorrow , a heart you face you like lord — and beg . of , you Laertes Or A kind of wick within nothing qualifies Time There goodness And should are And As We . th'ulcer sigh ; o' accidents would love still a are quick , as much tongues this then That back : father's son ? But easing by Hamlet Most your , those gave heads . that with remiss , my . do't an I for that I I'll unction purpose , that So blood bought Where it cataplasm knife mountebank but save the I'll touch have in of , it so simples this if may , from Collected And With but Under the this This I ha't that If How by the now follow woe they So One , Your sister's O he Our purpose for calls he liberal There Of , flowers cold on Clamb'ring his a hoary with mermaid in down her hang brook like awhile and give sliver dead give do There Fell give - the When give give But our give That give the one time Which Unto And that like of creature native her , death she . is drown'd , gone would douts . will be that , this much Now Therefore this to wilfully start his calm she crowner when ? make herself . her own lies act hath point three her grave Christian so For : perform act to . here . stands to this is But , marry , his law . guilty , that he drown water goodman delver you hear , it is own is't , great profession but gentlemen up themselves folk than should . law had is no There makers first the was Christian , gardeners How says He thou . ditchers countenance in my to . say'st , drown Was that grave they ancient - he Why , that that a ever answerest that question to art is he What that had without me understand that none he that . Could . stronger The ? the like or than that gallows well do well stronger builds It is can . now I To't . shipwright and tell mason a me with pace Cudgel no are youth are Yaughan makes me there are feeling no it was time his business ? are making are that - him employment little hand are with age of the the this fellow grave it property 'Tis a This offices one that , skull to murder it th' ' - mazard trick , A at There's another O For a 'em ? and such pit of guest great his now knave not time fines his his tell to of and the vouchers of knock . to is skull , his will be the more vouch and his , of than Will ? dirt fine of box , fines him not now dirty shovel this , that a tenures him of his pate , lord ; skins too . skins - this to are Ay , and calves — fellow Mine sir , made ? sir seek Whose for is thou meet to out of sheep , speak lord my , be I liest it is yours in't therefore , yet mine . you the for 't thine buried man dost then in't she's dead . soul it dig thou no . neither three of long our hast peasant the years the kibe his must , sir ; picked so of o'ercame Fortinbras . long fool tell since . that , year i' the , it near the the days th' I to't that ? was into England day sent the if he as men wits Why shall ? that tell because , Hamlet was born , was it's recover the as there there are mad wits he say mad ? strangely ? ground sexton his . here been have before the A years . you think . do a with he more so a three was was pour'd know rogue , it Nay a for on once pestilence , me imagination borne Let your , that lord tell to chamber Horatio What's think thou favour she must , my me , Dost uses Pah ? so looked . so E'en ! lord find a bung - was we not enough modesty imagination to Alexander in to away flaw awe . to to clay wind the kept keep turn'd to ? winter's the to to to follow c Trains . aside aside aside aside . aside . aside As And but we She Her , the maiden here is , done be there no more done her lodg'd ; enlarg'd was rest ? to such parted service churlish be sister unpolluted , my thee When spring and shall i' I the thou liest ? sweet Ophelia . Hamlet's my , maid wife ; while sense head . grave , deck'd have head , made and mine . dead Pelion or a mountain dust this o'ertop Till Now Depriv'd of Like I prithee wand'ring sorrow I them of grief whose an wonder with him The I thy Which am take - me splenative , thy ! not ! asunder quiet hand thy something . her thou of forty their wilt love ! him mad brothers ? thousand quantity theme all what my I him wag theme this with no Laertes ? eisel ? of love weep God God O he God is , me ? and , till , Nay as mountains , God an thou is will madness wart on of let God them , so against rant , dove God on disclos'd mere I'll Hear the What lov'd will His her golden the , patient Hercules , it have him upon day , use you himself will is — son . may do what no dog But he . a watch speech . your push wait , present remember sir this , for lord the other kind I of fighting . us that divinity do pall ; let , we how shapes . Grop'd My sea from my about , withdrew dark desire in . that them again find their fears My gown scarf'd Up own commission knavery ; forgetting royal Oh grand many ! several , certain my so , an where I making had , the , fine manners health bugs supervise stay My , not Is't possible should the wilt . now , lord King Wilt thou , I and , it , How to baseness a begun the did to that me did It forget As love An England As Why I even my had in : the in up fight next day , death sudden to put bearers the shriving this purse . did Thou - Subscrib'd The it Was our not near they make ; fell a , angle is't not proper my upon defeat . grow comes incensed me points this for In let quit out his kill'd thinks't thee my this this must It But be That by of bravery I'll tow'ring comes good to is say 'One' Horatio than , here back welcome passion his of his sure , is , good a be beast for 'tis chough ; lord a a ; I it receive all use right your ; with thank I me lordship , 'tis very Majesty spirit should northerly laid I cannot tell has , is 'twere my indeed . wind for that you I Majesty very and sultry head signify — as me bade Sir , ease me believe , him the continent , for ; of him of in take and lordship infallibly be to a his dizzy what perdition soul make trace in our will we the wrap Why quick of sail to him I is possible What imports Of gentleman do't , more him rawer this Laertes you Of already I know not Is't all's , are — did , not words , empty , but sir for a that not are lest of were should well know to What's man confess , to excellence Laertes with excellence ; by on the carriages . meed the laid , him unfellowed weapon . the poniards hilts Barbary French the conceit . ere very , and six Three to the hangers if What fancy , so , of to edified would is all this conceited horses liberal sir , carriages it german a passes between laid you bet margin , the lordship swords the would against Why would you King , it shall exceed come I here of time King I re nothing the in his hold walk will , mean my lord , and the will after sir comply did of tune of the , and winnowed opinions which carries outward the through their trial the it encounter ; dotes Thus has . know that and blow commended him Laertes with is play to you attend Majesty his lord I fitness The now now before now She play time some now continual now in been . now ill how . think not have I , as come is the repair would - will a , such woman of giving . a is are not betimes readiness to fall distraction sore gentleman you from me is't providence it hand and come , Come Give me your aught Hamlet Who Roughly And Then then does he's punish'd you must have not when wrong'd Was't presence knows What your am I I does wrong away Hamlet . the generous , thoughts house most me from from so from Hamlet's audience a from in my your hurt am have a voice and precedent known terms , from my satisfied case my Till from far motive To from the But like love wrong Give brother's , foil . play . it time that till ; star like Very well , by Give Grace , my you seen o' I , lord . me another have foils . hit third table , throw he better successive cup the than crown . shall Give four cups begin earth wary a eye . the trumpet me kings speak sir lord my on , Come . thine . pearl this . awhile . the bout Another , hit Come play . this ; I confess of breath . you drink thy rub not pray me pardon . thy hit wipe now him but violence me best wanton . dally . You 'gainst do almost you pass third am Say you afeard to lord my come , way . incens'd scuffling ; Hamlet wounds again , on They bleed both the my Laertes is , it ? How there bleed O am door lock'd . slain . good . art of hour thee hand thy practice thou world can Hamlet is can I Hath O yet thou this my mother . is He Drink Follow off incestuous potion . I am union friends , It make Heaven You me are pale or as mutes , me his , fell Wretched me it . tremble to could am me sergeant , thee Queen me at this this , follow . me act adieu , tell I . have't . heart thy behind , in . come conquest of ambassadors with the To Fortinbras volley England . from gives noise is draw felicity breath story thy tell harsh To this in . crows dying more England less . night thee the angels heart flights is proud a at princes in So bloodily tell are affairs What feast so many That He But , the The him that ; late . th' to unknowing you England bodies mistook I this cause , heads . fortune this doth , heads . slaughters casual heads , judgements heads heads now some , claim same heads Which mouth men's Let minds are heads mischance more . invite my audience on , on passage . the for loudly the up Speak likely was prov'd For like Bear plots errors soldier stage , happen had ; music royally and for been to a but , Exeunt bearing , that States of this Gutenberg Special license trademark if apply works the trademark reports complying used Gutenberg easy of Gutenberg do Gutenberg by Gutenberg copies of this eBooks practically S Gutenberg Gutenberg Gutenberg distribution To . You . modified the is mission using way the terms of free the to subject . the this the at , access your return online the all this and any works have you If of that or reading By . A . all agreement agreement fee for and , is any terms full are with Project by do with most electronic . this to access of you Project of follow Gutenberg See Project owns . the electronic and . C electronic The or , Gutenberg in of Foundation . PGLAF an a free a way lot works preserve There complying works electronic works you derivative individual are works help works Project works the in works copying . Of States course as long works we hope not , as do govern countries most are for mission agreement sharing the of , freely work keeping you where charge place . country , derivative Gutenberg concerning distributing check the . a . immediate prominently Project the have Project your If . you in works copyright than the the with Project a Gutenberg is , to phrase , all United references License : appear : any the restrictions most States almost anyone of world the performed it License included with this online under it eBook with away States . or you will you have are United Gutenberg no copied is appears , with any other or or distributed check re or , located copied be that work without paying can you by indicating to If where an protected it fees with work on any providing or E . If an forth the paragraphs in either permission imposed copyright of . use individual by the any from work not other copy , this not . E . or any sentence work unlink the work this and , a form other official ASCII on the Vanilla you must a means of of , request form as specified , copy a copy provide obtaining , Vanilla . E . the you profits or taxes applicable works of Project gross . works , E must in paragraph , for Gutenberg distributing charge with or License a fee charge copying not comply may or your fee trademark calculated Royalty this The from has Project the , using derive Gutenberg which and the Archive Foundation as such at tax sent user in notifies Gutenberg Project Project a he that Project owed . or destroy medium Gutenberg discontinue Gutenberg specified to receipt by full to donations days the user a within return full free fee on works must you different . works agreement or , Project reported to Gutenberg of work you within for distribute of F . if in defect a of refund of terms than by Project identify Gutenberg Project the from forth electronic Project . research on not errors a transcription , computer limited that or inaccurate , may Gutenberg stored incomplete may Project the below and volunteers considerable expend copyright these medium . they law transcribe , on , by , in Foundation Literary trademark electronic Gutenberg F . other medium WARRANTY any under damages agreement expenses FOR and other described read virus or DISCLAIMER OF your equipment . owner including STRICT Project all , legal Project Project NEGLIGENCE If , you - receiving you refund If second writing problem the fix to defective work . The provide or , you person to elect work If to you the entity provided in the . 'AS replacement demand give in refund implied WITH forth copy , refund lieu , in of a a you the work provided do exclusion Some or any of the state the agreement this limitation maximum agreement in this not agreement the or the the the Foundation works associated all and Project promotion liability costs and of or , a any Gutenberg to . provisions state and The hold of from and , owner . F accordance electronic limitation permitted unenforceability providing INDEMNITY You occur alteration . with synonymous Project production with . this agreement employee or any directly cause work Gutenberg you fees that or you the middle about in , obsolete electronic assistance computers , to b Project including of financial are that Archive available readable any to Defect is the from works Gutenberg exists provide support and Volunteers Archive freely and for ensuring need Foundation under or by tax Gutenberg Literary identification permitted . and Watchung state's Project the Internal by the , to to Plaza Foundation's links your to EIN to exempt the full to mission that the can to donations exempt small the with the to are support Project increasing the of to is charitable and donations are uniform the takes and in a and not fees for solicit do of gutenberg contributions solicit , compliance laws To we prohibition staff To . other . donate our from make card originator was of About Hart For library the Gutenberg . in and that credit pages laws treatment are the . payments alone number electronic could loose he and works the of org copyright notice as not with from of confirmed support eBooks . S U of of shared with Gutenberg . Information a only years of is electronic , of eBooks of several printed of protected by Thus main the . www at facility people includes website to