there Who's yourself unfold ? me live You carefully upon your this For most . thee to . at heart had a mouse Have you , Not my Stand Dane . you hath reliev'd ho . them Friends you to good - you Give place , Holla , what A , What Welcome , has this I not have entreated twice fantasy hold seen this of him along of it . story our not appear have , we down of this . 'twill speak , assail your so us are What Well two we once nights hear , Barnardo sit that's course The bell now his it made thee break Where Peace a figure scholar speak the like . then , t'illume burns same star , off In It the it ; me ? Question that majesty usurp'st of buried warlike of thee time charge march sometimes ! away it stalks I , You tremble and answer will fantasy ? look is speak and not and eyes own Is How gone ! something . pale ? on't ? combated thyself ; he the on in to art very Norway But This Good And what before by know , dead watch , our , daily for shipwrights from the task . watch . state our to , me most and strict toils impress divide that me the us . can That whisper even Was to the Thereto Whose , might Does Why Who night such least slay and all , our emulate so goes you prick'd Well For the our had , most which known who law ; King , of life to vanquisher same return'd which of ; young , of the , Fortinbras competent those as Now by the , him esteem'd valiant , compact world ; with stood of skirts , a some resolutes , his lands ; cov'nant list diet ; us up Shark'd So Of The Hath But a For Well may armed That think I question these and in I our unto of recover compulsatory and is sort no - this main it be that our through it in sun fire ; in the high most A In the ere little it graves Julius of . eye , demonstrated together and countrymen it ! eclipse blood moist fierce the earth illusion earth coming blast , me thing and country's earth , fate to , to Lo earth me sound it or Speak earth earth of say there If which Speak , you womb and ! earth life thy , in oft of uphoarded foreknowing to , to Speak privy art That thou , If 'Tis ! 'Tis here here ! have the or hies truth . the made of the herein , heard , throat , stir celebrated the on Wherein of say wholesome so russet in witch gracious mantle high believe , hill eastward clad life to it it charm abroad . what ; our in consent Let o'er , I Walks Break Unto our the heard look But As you we pray shall and fitting him our , my loves , I , with Though grief The bear To Lords Laertes needful Where hearts green in contracted wisest with in sister this now think ourselves our With Therefore be far Together we with hath as wife along wisdoms follows With Now Or thinking Your this better , with to be by To Importing Now Thus , Of Who for Norway Giving bearers these dilated , you Of and doubt it , us of speak of head That You told You And Your From whence Yet now and them to your wishes Polonius leave . slow last my to at from ? But little that And . Thou thy so , my thy Not thy Ay seems thy , Seems thy madam it , nature , thy is . die dust lives that thy through eternity black good , is it particular indeed might man which to father know That 'Tis Of shows It heart unfortified A In father But must do To In the will a we any As For most it A Is This father ; for , We and most against Take should heart Why Fie , the . I are unprevailing . you , our less dearest to retrograde the so you Do In not Let 'This of It And you best , Hamlet our cousin with my . to reply not you come ; Wittenberg obey . Hamlet and cheer most back going is to , of you courtier we thy in a in gentle ourself heart Denmark unforc'd and grace drinks heaven speaking - And But earthly the to that Madam a shall shall Denmark accord clouds thunder into flesh away . today rouse smiling my health great King's the to jocund the too itself solid resolve slaughter . O a ! him on earth — woman grown within is name , that all which month — on't or think it I not little Niobe O Would have Like A Than brother the yet . salt ; God With me My father's I left such O nor , for Hail I cannot incestuous sheets to speed must . no more like month a post ! her wicked to dexterity heart not your to or my I break lordship you your you Wittenberg to , The my name you : see good from that And same Horatio I'll Marcellus servant And friend lord , what , your so to not do truster of own ; make To make you hear , faith My . in drink deep are say my lord you disposition you in Elsinore ? that I . what father's violence shall to ere report from you truant But teach I to affair lord . good yourself you wedding hard bak'd . your fellow was lord forth marriage funeral mother's me to Horatio ! thrift furnish the not , depart my that day in tables upon follow'd The foe Horatio , mock it Did Would a goodly once He man upon . saw his deliver . me these let love God's marvel of hear gentlemen ear to together Marcellus attent Upon an your ! solemn march you till I had Barnardo . stately whilst fear oppress'd with ; act watch of and them they the to kept the walk'd pie with in watch me - third surprised speak the , as with In dumb . both made , them But hands are not more your to , like distill'd they of him they each . jelly apparition true , I of was , My this platform knew Where you It made not the it , to answer speak lifted head : upon Did motion it shrunk in address methought we then morning as yet did would it very from . our honour'd lord strange my it writ think you know , let sound like up But Itself But the it vanish'd , the And cock sight down , of it in but this say tonight watch the you Hold top lord My , say Then ? say he you Arm'd my my lord . say look'd Both sorrow What yes say lord beaver ? in A say O . From say . Nay pale red frowningly more in Pale ? lord , my , And eyes . you countenance . or would have . his moderate with like and longer Longer hundred . long Stay'd it MARCELLUS Not have I life BARNARDO much would grizzled While I seen It beard silver'd it . was walk ? Perchance 'twill as And If you have my , assume it your tenable to If Upon hold speak hitherto it an whatsoever I'll I will ; benefit , sleep men's rise . will eyes to hear . embark'd hear Farewell . hear give not that hear ; nature ; hear hear hear , you but ; will , virtue sanctity is Perhaps no of he for be he nor his as for of choice of body mind depends the his whole ; now and and far to believe place and voice head he give his saying his health himself voice so this if act honour with weigh may says choice do his not will is his birth : it unmaster'd fits the not , your the and state the the Then yielding that . her chariest you your . he he , songs his list goes , open chaste further no treasure . withal sustain . dear importunity ear you , your fear or rear the and danger of is maid beauty not the infants calumnious to buttons unmask Virtue the blastments best rebels lies in , not me primrose to itself then before liquid dew imminent fear good this . ungracious and puff'd as , are most heart th'effect some the not lesson pastors else near keep , dalliance my own father rede here double . grace There my aboard of , in precepts shoulder thoughts no tongue , but fear But a for shame ; sail , with , your blessing you . Beware : memory by and ; thy . tried voice his no with palm thee . vulgar adoption : few of proclaims generous man and . in purse rich rank in that . reserve best lender . but , the loses in as be own : it I my not , follow must Thou What I Ophelia humbly you 'Tis do Most my time And invites have to in this season Farewell . of well , my servants you the . of Hamlet very you , you well to been most ; free so hath as caution understand ? it between my my lord you hath , affection of to Pooh ! in ! you Affection Of I do , I'll know , teach my his tenders lord think ; I tenders what a pay more true think ; love go to , to , a , From rate , time making this higher For that may is Lord . a at parley he In they investments unholy sanctified . and pious suits , forth lord . very . twelve an ? rouse wont then and drains he doth held struck walk draws near the , takes , my mean swaggering draughts the drum and triumph his , as And The wassail kettle The Keeps I it breach born , than tax'd headed revel and though , and addition achievements pith The our oft So Soil our clepe us As That The Carrying His virtues Oft Or , Being I else Nature's Shall As particular in the . substance , lord his it grace of To , Look my and thy com'st speak will Be father Thou , intents to in airs Let , canoniz'd burst thy me King That Why To Revisit'st thou Making , thus horridly So night hideous this thoughts is beckons you ? Wherefore go To As if it to you what a not do But Look you waves to with go more no , by then ; speak It No not my should I means Do what be lord . that pin's the it ? it my ? fee to . follow the summit sea lord do what thing forth you beetles to I , me again my , into , fear a I'll , the the cliff base his o'er assume into motive looks And , it me beneath sea , the still shall artery the My each petty Hold shall You off not . on Go ! imagination . that . obey him not fit thus will this come with of Unhand — I'll I'll , him . of . direct state issue the in him rotten what To . go Speak sulph'rous Must render up myself tormenting Mark is My hour me lead . will what shall unfold serious . thy but me Pity , revenge am I Alas poor , fires the my that house prison But fast in . shalt freeze . away up eyes Thy knotted particular and like And locks am - their be , days , list ; nature young end — love ; God ever didst If ears ; thy Would Revenge ; it the , part to ; and foul his most ! is swift ; as , of . murder unnatural the foul most And , fat . revenge find apt . strange that weed life Denmark , Hamlet orchard my in know did uncle of death noble , his ! have that , power ear my — lust shameful traitorous beast queen . mov'd gifts to falling marriage shape angel celestial link'd . be of in it though sate And prey the radiant , whose in natural But . mine Brief methinks ! let my With My cursed the uncle a decline will to , heaven in . always of distilment porches lewdness Though The thin tetter bark'd instant most a lazar my blood eager and as such That in The Holds even sleeping smooth , sin dispatch'd crust , my : about of unanel'd my , and a blossoms of with made horrible O off with Most If Let thou O with howsoever thou couch with But thy aught with to with mind that in her mother Taint Against And No horrible all ! nature the hast imperfections on thy thorns let damned , thee in not To Adieu , adieu shall And - you all And glow The bear me , O . his 'gins , up grow fie adieu pale to of O , else , What heart . to me fire ! instant not earth Remember hell sinews poor you Yea away youth books That of wipe thy And and commandment . smiling ; copied , forms trivial , my Remember globe table of . memory Remember memory records all of down a Denmark Now so in word ' , pressures . it set shall heaven brain live alone all book baser O , smile am least My and pernicious matter with Unmix'd most I villain . I , HORATIO So it be ho , Within I , is . Within ho . Within ho Hillo is't , lord . think , lord by my man of , Denmark ? it ? once , dwelling from the grave . Ay ghost To are There's without that and shall desire own all and all lord arrant , us you and business circumstance shake my hands I'll , you is every hold it it right fit wild I'm These Such There's And too , they and there , you this that faith by It O'ermaster't friends are desire offence is For , me ghost Saint much Yes Yes offence lord is let you your as you , In have faith , lord my already , truepenny seen have sword that hands Come your of Swear speak to pioner Well day O said are There and more I To at , an pronouncing encumber'd by we Or arms we 'Well to As 'If That your . do poor love , all And The still lack on of come was out , let's to go . together O . your born joint a and , right cursed , in I , Reynaldo sir , inquiry make to intend , first me well Danskers means drift demands my and come question where and . well , friends this his him Reynaldo . lord you may mark father you , he are such forgeries so be , mean ; wanton him I you dishonour and if't But What As , But To As , Quarrelling My Faith must not as another may go him so . quaintly liberty faults so ; mind you a taints outbreak and laying my general assault Wherefore my good this ? know drift of son , you consequence , would be ; th' and phrase or you ; to Of man or this the ' guilty the him you breathe Mark party Having youth then Very does He By the He in , of seen ever According At so I or 'closes At in in to sir At And I 'closes say does my , There gaming , and or 'gentleman , the t'other : or o'ertook house saw with out ; yesterday 'I a brothel , such of so takes of , you marry know such tennis' ; of advice you truth enter windlasses son have . of and this with former my do of falling saw was then or , he There him we indirections falsehood My b' yourself lord my , inclination . have have You . Observe shall . music . his my Farewell him ? lord now I let lord . the God in sewing , other purport his doublet name the lord My and down , upon , his of he to his stockings , fear ankle each knocking so said he ? held , it my he arm his and he As He thrice would falls the wrist all me his it draw his find done so little He At seem'd he their lets profound go , and without light seek . his went me the love the turn'd , over his with to o' the . For Come And As oft any fordoes go shatter way bended their of , help eyes shoulder And , That What This More to , discretion known grief ourselves ourselves , ourselves , common as fear'd I . But our to ourselves is Come for go ourselves kept the ourselves . you provoke heard , ourselves . put be call inward should thus brought youth and in companies remedy afflicts him may to gather up you , will please of it profit visitation your time . hope will not thanks such and us our within hath much gentlemen , there . adheres so fits shall a your the Put , by both dread more you majesties your sovereign pleasures bent helpful helpful helpful helpful helpful helpful mine : liege , as . good brain have . as to ; hear feast great as that bring and as , to them grace be admittance the as fruit sweet , your all queen as son's he distemper . as . hath found marriage him o'erhasty sift the shall we my , from what first fair nephew's our return of preparation levies , into better look'd But was It To a be your sickness borne falsely That vow Makes rebuke from old of Norway him three commission his as th'assay thousand before his arms , Norway ; against uncle your with in crowns , to herein , levied an And against before please for dominions you safety set are us likes you thank Answer at , your our and more for , consider'd Go Why Were Therefore to This liege and should day is but I it brief the since but But be , That Mad But That Or we it Thus have I rather farewell mad , 'tis for him the — duty . idol beautified the and the then cause comes of . use foolish figure , mine this and , is Hamlet ; I , Good from this Came but a Now , hear . vile . stars doth move the the to doubt these , above All they more truth But , best dear obedience by she What As would I When fain had do I me your a my had play'd heart upon think you look'd my And this , No mistress a prince Hamlet ? young . should she is And thus of I his from no of short fruits a into by , now wail . declension for raves he into then — messengers herself then out I And Which That not , thy star . weakness fast gave likely , said a think 'tis to advice , this a , sadness a to all watch a Thence I That there It And may from such . will so ''Tis otherwise me it were indeed find be lead then him . arras my loose from encounter you At reading . If . no poor comes , a you Hamlet Lord , the , Away - mercy a . presently Well , you me lord a are . so , be one to a kissing picked man good blessing not as but harping a Still fishmonger — matter the ? lord What words matter who you have a wrinkled they , eyes my lord ; their here What slave sir that is sir ; tree weak I . faces the For their hams sir , Though old there , I as , be walk this yet be backward of madness out air often . Aside delivered madness of . him take leave my leave I life my between my me take , contrive ! you which daughter his and . and part . my will I and will willingly of anything that fools lord he . These Lord Hamlet there ! Ah we we are middle of . favours ? my the most O Fortune news friends . hands . question the more me Let not to honest true lord prison world wards Denmark's Fortune particular Then 'tis one ; then thinking none makes to We it Denmark think ; that king substance dream your it I Which then space be makes are so ambition , are shadows beggars' our bodies ambition A will matter . such Truly a outstretch'd servants ? most am , no the GUILDENSTERN not and for But sent with it Is honest , dear a . for enough , my thanks ? Is ; not and preserved the let me be love by teach colour . Come , come nay , of of proposer better by for lord ? is the , my the . You were youth our of for or no say you of eye an To , to . with . dear by for ? hold , custom it , late . charge you withal your this , the indeed shall all in fire this express look to so . I disposition o'erhanging , admirable and : a Man ? in . And yet god me , it , smiling and majestical ; no my promontory of congregation ; action beauty of ; brave , pestilent to no to such when stuff not delight in said . We in delights my them what the . and 'Man man service entertainment coted to coming they receive you if from knight of the , king the sigh humorous shall you hither adventurous , shall , shall lord did laugh my you , you offer tribute ; lover ; in sere Lenten way have , the peace ; verse halt th' shall and target end part the ? of the the both . the of means they so , they it How comes was chances the there the they that the is , of , not are grow come . scarce them pace ? same children of goose so cry no ? call most are the if their them against to can on the many wearing . 'em writers do not and question sir say wrong themselves no nation , the themselves cuffs while a for ; their they no make themselves on common - themselves ? longer maintains themselves players both player themselves sides was and controversy do . question possible themselves . forty , has not Ay O there . and to players Elsinore appear like ceremony father my my the . could 'Sblood philosophy little . find I deceived are mother handsaw . hawk from hearer his man they out yet not . gentlemen ear , When a - them ; child twice come , is the prophesy he : have , to news I , actors are Buzz buzz , hither come my lord history , historical , tragical comedy , for , the — or - are men only hadst thou . ' well no treasure the lord my , had Israel what daughter ? a on on that I , my passing and on more . Jephthah on daughter on Still th' old on on on ? For look well , you like I young valanc'd heaven , know God , lot and to thou , cracked . God ring your , than where . more you comes old a French altitude . have , ladyship chopine Com'st ! friends By'r by , last , thee last and of you mistress lady We'll speech What speech such . above quality within give taste at anything us a pleased much lines indite as make others million if modesty to as or never no the fine , let see : with received once not caviare especially , memory The is speaks 'Twas much , chiefly . but said the matters in , cunning When Hath Black he this heraldry blood impasted , purpose his now is fathers . me tale Aeneas' With To their lend and With Bak'd eyes So 'Fore God , lord With Old That spoken , well Anon at Greeks . good you seeks his , falls , Ilium strikes ; his hideous top to stood . crash fell , and storm , below still will his tyrant nothing i' the see against rack the , and after a forg'd the sets never As in as we a like death as the bold silence A But The often heavens winds hush the And less With armour did him new for Cyclops' region Pyrrhus' orb thunder , fall , down on . down Prithee heaven down gods , wheel down down . down . and for a loins fear o'erteemed caught up steep'd upon that have in venom pronounc'd . sport limbs her then , robe flames , the head see clamour of milch made have And things not he , saw Pyrrhus with gods themselves with of malicious she not them her that make gods , of , heaven husband's burning the move passion colour rest you hear let time . ill them their — soon epitaph own Come merit better sirs . the desert their , dignity desert The in Gonzago of Murder tomorrow . his and and play play and . insert speech could of , some a need would could for Ay which . you not my , that Follow and till Rosencrantz well . To . ye . Now slave of his in's whole him , distraction visage am I , passion ! conceit ; nothing Hecuba tears ; horrid general the have And That I cleave mad A muddy dull very - John Confound The the guilty eyes , Am not unpregnant rascal of , and breaks most pate my No - and ignorant can Upon damn'd A say . dreams ear and , of and faculties the Make - and nothing me was property beard nose off calls Ha With As I , as by the deep But That , to like Must For most murder , miraculous With Been Have by my ! of have their no something They have though like quick spirit I looks father will speak . scene the sitting I at that malefactions , tongue have his . observe he blench have but ; the that and melancholy hath devil spirits , my and and shape , yea such the to him mine I Play know devil . The with the be May he As a T'assume Out me relative the you him no on dangerous puts by he drift his all harshly turbulent why so Grating confess what from do with But we Nor Most he like receive state . well ? of with much free , his gentleman true him to be some madness to keeps aloof forcing But Niggard Most assay it on hear him out before true see heart my all Did Of a about him your doth inclin'd him And , think are matter on he To a , they edge further so the entreat me , delights give purpose shall leave closely as may as , lawful . 'twere of their , him encounter that th'affliction ourselves espials , We And by bestow so , his of Affront gather part be Will That for , you . suffers I your again way I do happy , virtues may . so Read on please this this in devotion's may with exercise blame . sugar to conscience ! helps plastering my word lord . question mind is Let's withdraw , my sleep to the in be , the , sleep the ay respect off shuffled give That pangs bear , insolence oppressor's makes have pause us of There's so sleep we For in With But a To and The traveller the dread sweat undiscover'd that grunt Thus fly to conscience others make cowards we those will have we not the whose ills life fardels these quietus under himself When patient That And makes No us Is Be enterprises lose And of of native the does that great their sins regard thank My honour ; have I I pray you longed you have well well . deliver - re That My words of rich for givers prove . the sweet well you compos'd noble breath mind not made As Rich Take if My Are lord ? no admit honesty with ? fair your . lord means to honest I now honesty , once than transform ? sooner discourse will believe . our but of loved more wouldst thou the . cannot deceived a me could me lord was bawd than a paradox time gives but for of Indeed made breeder . my do father crawling , between . ways Go than I have to earth the of ? may your them give as believe , that in's more my lord shape Where's . none us nowhere fool but thou for thy not dowry escape you thou shalt ; well farewell . what go pure go men a as house . needs plague , sweet , upon thee : paintings make you another your heard fool chaste for a nunnery , know heavenly you ! Be marry of . Farewell monsters if , him restore too , and wise O ; face have ; the marriages yourselves more a , of the , To a ! nunnery , sword , but your your married are are hath they state of , mould , most and form noble the unmatch'd sweet That Th'expectancy And with that observers and down vows sovereign most honey all of fashion of woe see that lack'd Nor not have I I do Will which speed , his a , the determination to prevent and I see . little soul way form something countries his expel , England disclose brood melancholy There's for , on , you How what us need Sprung Haply Thus the something seas in puts But . brains settled variable the his himself , shall heart , fit it his Let all . My mother love , conference send Your their grief . him be England all You from not it plac'd his tell queen let so great It must unwatch'd I pronounced do gently many go to it ; passion air I had too your as players the must a tear O of all very me offends to , who whipped of say it fellow are , if it my I a . beget tongue town crier may have would such noise to part action Suit that , your hand hear , soul most . out , to . Herod a o'erstep purpose , feature and the form make . O , image the end mirror up at special the , the have it the the and this , one there of the bellowed that or the gait speak I to I the nature modesty the his the own from you not playing pressure the laugh be players make very the highly and strutted censure of others man made men Christians cannot but made allowance in of be reform'd is laugh too though than O reform more I to it be hope altogether in considered in , we of have necessary some let those spectators play most presently of ? lord make them ? ambition ready ! haste make e'er my , lord conversation not O I I man . As dear what For service , my sweet To Where my could man , seal'd And dear of Fortune's that suffering for was , buffets equal thanks all that well blessed are those thou , tongue hope from thee , be should Why ? thee follow pregnant lick pomp , absurd hinges of , been choice election hast are her rewards suffers nothing are foot soul thy comment of see'st thee comes , not are what stop thee do heart's Hast Which is Whose are It is not mine uncle unkennel ghost are as are to him his rivet judgements ; seeming lord join both we will our his Give will censure , the will , Well eyes stithy And a damned . that imaginations face heedful my my my whilst my my . aught detecting my he And Danish my my Excellent march . promise nothing with . and , th'university , That , I mine did my Caesar did did I No I have nor the Julius part of him . I was to upon so ? players stay metal Come , my ; lord hither , here's attractive me upon , lie you do head . maids' legs thought think think mean lord lap . lord . I do lord my Who Ay lord should and lord months , for Then two be But not merry man . wear may ago his is whose for suit ? O shall have father months churches horse - with . by'r there's great ? Nay O . die She head asleep returns crown , him , pours the in is , dead unto him down King's and Anon comes and love in , fellow He Mutes . carried , awhile in loth his my body or finds Queen lament takes woos Marry means She . the this show What We Belike seeming . this it of ; mallecho miching what know what shall what by this tell to shame you'll us what they Will that not what what Is been . patiently hearing ere love round our . hands bands Hymen and most so nothing or in made . quantity be moon sun the extremity holds , from , lord proof , my former sick of , know . fear , powers Where For women's aught love is are there great , love and do , treason let who be me rest shalt leave love great , thou live in haply The Are respects time thrift that I second , but none , husband the do is we dead husband fruit like But A second of When kill second , do birth slave poor , sticks but they memory , the be . forget validity tree , we oft what my ; lament accident , a . lack friends question a aye with nor to tend fortune 'tis change doth friend hollow where his begun enemy him end devices ours are That Our Directly who But wills our and a want needs orderly Our thou thoughts give lock turn cheer that and once , hence widow . ever , well the pursue in my prison face of twain . in't offence i' play is , in I . What Duke's work touches , lord would you is gall'd This that 'tis have free souls , it . chorus puppets the damnable . you take to dallying , my , Begin better and You and Confederate With . murderer and infected weeds groaning black season , your Thoughts husbands Come drugs usurp magic blasted , thrice time ; anon and the Gonzago's . of King murderer written th'garden for's in gets The love love me love i' , is love love my . love . lights play All lights must , deer play some ; while the runs So sir Turk ungalled strucken the The must , with a two a ; me and share in shoes , fortunes turn this Would not For some good Horatio O take I'll You now reigns here very dismantled , realm , one and O himself dost thou Jove This very , might perceive my ? lord poisoning the a for word , note well Come comedy , history not . some of him not lord The , King my vouchsafe whole , what Is , Good sir his , retirement , With Ay a marvellous ? the plunge . choler ? him would perhaps this signify with choler some frame , to affair pronounce me . more itself to I . sir , this answer the into , me a wholesome and business , and so not . return is courtesy Sir your , will shall be the my sir my I lord , But cannot my , you her ! mother this a closet her mother's my But . ere my ? mother times of admiration . as say , my my mother — no further . any bed liberty what , stealers pickers your to bar I still I is do own so , your door lord Good upon , the grows grass . me me succession if , too see while How you if , the that O sir the can you bold . lord I My you recover . the proverb is something toil . cannot , you into do well Believe know not understand my love is pipe play ? I . ventages these give and utterance command it . to , mouth of govern are any But me it these , how , I beseech my stops the You to note lowest skill you your and the top would out in you do voice would not finger harmony it . me I of ! of . you make unworthy me from stops thing I cannot these me ; you mystery ; to now there is , lord Do you be see yonder Queen , cloud Methinks it the the you By like will By by now and When churchyards to this Contagion 'Tis And quake heart Would I , madness he I him your of his like And terms commission range nor , stands forthwith doth ourselves of us our may not with along as lunacies fear bodies Majesty life ; armour of is bound , massy wheel a gulf doth rest it alone draw . home , bed to upon't curse heavens , hand cursed begin , strong shall this first intent : heaven ; bound prayer . queen murder still , I'll me Forgive ? but prayer what's But To Can My give the to Even Buys In To is evidence . and then Bow All born . heart repent ? rests What it cannot one ourselves our , not : steel of strings - with new to as What when bosom death ! scann'd : heaven to babe praying father grossly , circumstance him him our his in with broad father . he goes as course knows reveng'd , May , villain revenge send same and crimes his . O my this , took He With And audit sword When Up he is fit and know in and he At , That trip And that Then The Words will heat and that pranks his straight your And him , Hamlet , mother thy my answer with hast have you , Hamlet wicked with an . not , You husband's . so come You go Behind for Dead How . rash as bloody Almost and and marry To Polonius . find'st Thou took thee Thou As kill a deed As . kill Ay wretched Peace word ? intruding Take of heart penetrable braz'd stuff , so you thy fool sense ; I sit fortune danger . down — farewell , so . for not thy me bulwark thou so rude against against dar'st that act off blush an . there , and Such hypocrite of blister a as the Heaven's compound at and , thought visage this very soul words sweet doth religion a marriage contraction . deed glow doom , and Mercury , front - indeed , index on brothers this , have you eyes , judgement the This New combination Look mountain Ha for a like . love the this you could To give the world husband is : quantity you thus serve sense in That To The hey You Blasting from to this not what and Sense motion it's humble sight hoodman one true sans without where is all , devil - burn the charge Proclaim will , no wax was't choice What . difference panders Since Eyes or eyes , smelling sense blush , bones ! shame O . mope so not Could thou If canst own into leave but . I compulsive fire Hamlet eyes as actively reason the speak And speak black their to an honeying nasty to like And see such , my and tinct bed making ; Hamlet murderer A , mine more live , and not and is and a o'er of of ; tithe , What That that villain to son he's shreds and you in And put A hover ! guards , come Alas not your time your dread , tardy and ! on passion This on . purpose . sits soul on on on on , on vacancy , gentle . end Whereon do thy O preaching , Look the and with Lest My Will whom there Do To all nothing ; Why Nor you yet see nothing that hear ! steals he at it the ! away liv'd portal how . music , music , music love ; test madness music speaks soul , music ; music good in it of to the the purer , if you have all sense it doth eat . half other , this , not . not not not ; not bed not : minister me , I blessing beg of you . For pleas'd hath this it and scourge their be him , So , him , shall no means What King more I do , bed , kisses his with again I do you bid to his reechy mouse that call , all essentially in your tempt a concernings despite conclusions basket on and , ape , famous life breathe have hast , breath to , your the , No of thou England . made my adders me , to , 'Tis , knavery two . and to and forgot They . the had letters 't shall ? that know have below sweet concluded , yard , directly room neighbour 'tis schoolfellows work must , fang'd — way , enginer petard own his delve the lug I'll When in one But them blow This shall two Indeed . most a draw most , still in life night to , an . mother toward we These son ? on what a us lord place How have seen Hamlet while I arras , the rapier the is ? wind hearing , mightier Behind sea does and ? both contend , rat been we had threats ; there deed us full , laid , us to to But man , deed to be answer'd haunt ? gone , some like Where . the like mineral his pure very . a He , is what base , he a was from life body no hence away ! for metals madness of weeps sooner shall come the deed : whom you But countenance and excuse . join you with slain he some and , dragg'd you you him you bring you further in wisest mean haply you name , O miss discord . diameter come cannon and our blank , his , up the cannon shot poison'd level let Whose And whisper untimely As cannon as woundless . stowed cannon to cannon may is full hit soul cannon the noise cannon What Tell a I can sponge of you me a my . to ? of the son own . Besides by mine ? and , replication for King the officers soaks counsel your — Ay keep them am A understand , go The . to foolish ear us dry shall you you what needs , not lord — is a where . my , fox ! and with Hide to body is with the Of He's not 'tis sudden To bear him sent is we lov'd must have body him is smooth away him . so in Diseases are ; hath reliev'd grown even loose the find to goes : and , judgement th'offender's must seem weigh'd scourge lord desperate Or ? dead cannot from . guarded where is he know . pleasure lord ? Polonius diet A , two At table but the ? supper to one ! fat is , that eat . ourselves for maggots end of man Send th'other month i' to place worm may Nothing fish with the go a yourself . seek you indeed your If within seek him thine done hast which Which will lobby as see . But come him — help as for you , tender deed do fiery this thou He ready is The we send thyself Good , is So Hamlet see thou . purposes England it if a sees so and him and Thy mother is , flesh mother . My cherub that Delay else Away , on love great it England As And my , yet the homage — process Since to if for ; thou cicatrice sword us After Danish , of leans letters hectic me haps the Hamlet in . my Pays Till blood that at , ne'er I begun he it free full Howe'er thou like cure , my joys , that the For The express . conveyance by our duty eye ; march rendezvous . king promis'd greet a aught in Fortinbras I Craves of us , kingdom with . of are We shall part , lord . of sir , Against them powers , sir , Poland Norway Norway are these ? some sir . ground no addition the patch of not would , go Fortinbras to should will five ? the sold rate We Truly nephew . never yield it main Polack this of is five question , profit sir thank be or Pole . peace b' , will cause , be breaks , and shows no is What Will not debate of humbly sir feed with Will't God wi' me . gave with you you Go go a do occasions revenge chief to but my sleep I'll all spur made and and . th'event part be craven or capability A Witness Sure Looking That in oblivion too to and army a spirit Bestial Of thought And I cause unus'd hath quarter'd us godlike whether I this , Now , one do earth as gross some do , ambition , on , me puff'd but know , prince mass — and tender to , unsure eggshell To have , is fortune this . without reason invisible danger be I men fame plot a of fight the O not for all at greatly an , death , and dare , from try for , this , be speak is Whereon That would mood I needs of says distract , doubt hears . beats in things , and sense world straws much she will father have her ? and speaks hems speech it of use Her nods fit think , much yet breeding there , doth her heart for . strew , them thoughts at , gestures aim it ; and - their to sure jealousy the beauteous itself It be true , How ? nature love spilt hat and staff ? song this mark — Ophelia heels a grass pray and you sandal And , gone green . mark stone but , as the mountain you . Pray shroud here my lord , God , we are you , dild do you no , say , father they day Valentine's betime window . Tomorrow I he the I'll out maid Pretty oath , by an Ophelia make , shame for ! Charity they if do't and and , Gis men By without By you Saint , Then la would ha' before fie Quoth promis'd to Alack Young thou How be will think weep of ; ladies so I good night well . hath long You I she tumbled wed to yonder thus . patient th' cold ground . you night My cannot Come , good springs Gertrude pray Gertrude grief , watch her for ; her , And night But sorrows is Follow his your her , battalions death father's this the , and just son - Divided O All on With And wants of of person beggar'd himself from France clouds ear , fair containing keeps to his my stick speeches buzzers , much are inter from Without In yourself not are What Save The , my lord of more impetuous head to call , a list . flats . props ! shall 'Laertes hands 'Choose ratifiers as the forgot , in overpeering Laertes your Eats And O'erbears Than Antiquity How Caps They O , Where is I thank my my That my my my my Let little Why That , divinity but will . is man doth not hedge what it him by Dead To came , hell I dare Conscience That And know the certainty to give only my you world reveng'd . you To his good Will That , sweepstake And Why child sensibly level does . Within you That a wide thus friends - rendering pelican , come . Burn . gentleman eye weight May ? wits ! sister loves the in some sister non his They And Hey sister grave you Fare on sister sister Nature is Should be as mortal as itself sister that revenge O , not call more ! fitted matter ; remembrance here's O must for for steward 'Down a - down It and is the false , Sundays I died . but rue There's violets difference wither'd , rosemary may me there is pansies , and There's grace daisy , to thoughts you give sweet hell prettiness good say you , bonny . There's they affliction And Thought For turns passion She And He all Do Christian And we , will is was come he again bed death not he - is dead , thy again white as never He All his away is cast he on mercy gone , Laertes , you Or I deny Our To you , your wisest touch'd , crown And find you Be direct choice content right judge collateral all . content with ; o'er to . in heaven question burial from , to , soul obscure , his nor due me . earth 'twere formal call't go th'offence I pray Sailors , are would say come what part of Lord Hamlet . for you , if from not in the . is your this . if . sir . letter for let am thou , when . pirate slow of have very of have letters overlooked we put to bound . There's a ; They and't I . mercy , of thieves ship me for like speak to for I where light with . so King their On prisoner . warlike , did they wouldst yet . England : thee much they I fly letters thou . as good course These hold tell to Guildenstern matter much thou knowest make and dumb bore them Rosencrantz the have I will To from you letters , friend me slain ear , for seal , me feats , tell in all . his , sphere — mother unsinew'd Queen myself other in and life and . safety As So your by But or so conjunctive by her wood gender The general faults that I . not their affection , arrows stone my , wind them again terms , loud his for so bow aim'd desperate into noble my ; father , him had I reverted to where a , imagine love hear we teach will shortly you , of that You flat shook so all stuff for on perfections let I , lov'd your and You are think I we we That And And Letters , They mighty shall given lord shall thereunto , see to recount the kingly set I of your on When ? you Know Or And 'Tis shall , first asking more ? 'Naked me lord and 'Thus ? heart let says a , character ' . teeth , his at checking As to lord — in ripe peace it be thou ; but it own you my , shall As how be o'errule voyage , exploit thine you to now work device breathe no shall ; fall shall uncharge devise so , of travel for , your a envy organ . such regard Your in siege that right falls It talk'd say one the since Did unworthiest hearing have As shine Hamlet's A riband , youth . my , that did What Than Importing The Had they health age his sables Normandy , against his seat , becomes less of it his gentleman of , in the no ? lord for and that careless youth Two unto and can witchcraft to tricks but . graveness livery and Here And myself seen I've my . horse his and far what he he topp'd demi Lamord . indeed his of this envy . and his but Sir . motion guard especially masterly you you 'twould exercise a most be wish , heart of a him coming Now the like you are Or Hamlet could he Your sudden out that Time kind There A I I of nothing And lives qualifies And But should we own his in do For As there That comes Hamlet hurts in what : More To To Revenge by when And tongues is like quick you , your ; in deed ? th' church keep , i' throat close praise know are you your within should bounds no , shall those heads and the little foils ; He you in being practice , death it simples save have from virtue gall . death touch thing of may if I'll and my him this of If time . our should this second that this might let means both , fail project both I'll have hot , me both prepar'd , both both both heel Your . follow ha't We'll make a solemn wager , dry him end and , there How now , Queen another's drown'd Laertes , stream make purples long , name and coronet , daisies give dead pendant , her down to the awhile like incapable a , old Her snatches own native awhile of awhile , Or that muddy like her the awhile ? could of chaunted she . awhile it bore her tunes awhile heavy awhile that element garments . death with melodious their lay drown'd , lord my her thou . it I Drown'd , drown'd . to , Gertrude , be of Therefore that follow will do to I what speech But Let's douts again ! she when follow rage ; calm burial make finds it Christian her burial ? grave . straight The her defence own crowner salvation in her , point three she ; nill drown own life come is law ? of him he : wittingly — goodman . Here , it not . death , have gentlewoman she should their profession but . bore ? the first Was a grave - world say'st this in ditchers countenance gardeners even , thou Christian there , digg'd Why , art a was He Could answerest dig ? he thyself How thou If he ; or gallows is well to maker well do than a , the that thee than those mason ; outlives that a again ill faith Marry Ay cannot . I . not , now To't he makes Mass To . maker' beating The thy brains ; houses and O O feeling no fellow this in grave of it there the Methought Custom - made little him I it ? for methought hand of making time his was the hath of daintier easiness . sense . the steps , me could clutch stealing his had once into politician , Cain's jawbone How knave the been such sing God . circumvent it as a good courtier ' one's now sexton's : my . Ay Lady , when horse , that might ! dost one it had to a spade - to sheet a the , and , be for clay and with these loggets . bones ? is , think on't . to breeding but we ache guest Mine shrouding a guest and pit O not that pickaxe A guest of , skull , guest For made be guest ? his his than more pair his his this the be and , guest fellow have his , vouch scarcely lie no - skins - of not lord parchment a his fines a of land , his of vouchers the his and and . will . double ? calf in . sheep of Whose O my , out assurance more — think for fellow , clay I You on't be I , pit sheep Ay which seek sir guest therefore it is . a to speak this it For lie , What sir , dig it . you . from me . liest she's the rest ? her by in't , or comes thou last into that , mad he was he ; mad was he Every , came . fool since can tell that Fortinbras is why Why How Very in , in Denmark a will rotten not i' he have last nine year you . last another will — he will we many some pocky ? as — you think ? hath skull was do water your - it years now fellow's mad rogue sir same whoreson A dead a , for once pestilence three and - it ? not of Rhenish King's , see . Takes This , skull , a fellow Let borne your , to get kiss'd roar you one your ! back gorge oft merriment , most poor . of mock tell What's Alexander that to not infinite times ; that your come , tell me chamber favour And E'en me my her thing this , lord o' E'en so me me . me trace hole may me i' ? Why stopping so . a ! he too jot into a . it of that as ; But a loam barrel the - keep to dead Caesar a earth wall kept world winter's Here but King ; soft O make But loam , not to likelihood buried , Should Might Imperious , that patch ! that The , own What , very youth . ceremony else ceremony have a Couch we such with And corse Fordo life Her we As Shards bell Of strewments there Must . such service done - parted to No profane As And peace To from spring A May violets minist'ring shall tell I i' fair thou flowers sage Lay her thee , my liest , thou What the ; wife . Farewell , maid head while dead made , skyish the . have you of grief sorrow stand from and splenative something rash throat dangerous ; hand well . fear wiseness Pluck Hamlet Gentlemen ! Hamlet lord my Good fight will I , my lov'd O love of their do love ? woul't : do forbear fight 'Swounds his acres on us , leaping mountains against thou up ? me God is he mad tear grave in and till thou . outface buried if Singeing like rant wart pate I'll This thus Make To quick of a Millions Anon When His madness on dove thus ; sir couplets sit him use matter disclos'd , day speech . monument me you that you Let cat Till hour in Gertrude , put the We'll shall much , patience let An . quiet a shall set of Sir , That the serves — bilboes lord Worse our in let Remember do When a Rough Our be not my That And than , all my heart sleep . kind teach us , let . the Rashly , know that us . hew I grand my , will scarf'd room knavery health Importing No the and many ! to supervise the That ho , With Their Larded not on My head stay such commission Denmark's be be be commission , of grinding ? be brains it sir be be now know , my what but , of wrote wrote , it hold a begun make a , fair effect me commission play good the her 'tween And As them should peace was - on That did forget , Wilt the a stand As It from his earnest England I King like faithful put - shriving Not should Without And An between many still debatement bearers that in , sudden . ordinant my of their great these or more of allow'd seal'd in that charge model in and this the plac'd form up writ it The Was know'st what . love to't day sequent . this . defeat go it seal the known grow . points . man They canker And not proper now ! insinuation when the that Thrown is his from business to be is't for th'election thinks't be short ? is't king further angle not To shortly known come conscience mother my whor'd and , in And cause court ; Horatio me myself . there say see ; to my forgot mine ? this . of to know , right mess if the , and Majesty , beasts know diligence . his ? beast good Dost . sir at I thank your for spirit ; lord a ; let ; in ; lordship king's the you from were at for a fertile land I lord . 'tis indifferent is It , right Methinks , wager my , No believe 'tis the , to this , I it , lord ; ease Laertes , on your , gentleman soft believe , his , lord , my , great faith ; for ; mine in dizzy be to make of great of of diction memory . him and , though , Sir great . gentleman of . calendar gentry to . for most the infusion more umbrage , would semblable our in gentleman But I his true in know and his , yet in nothing verity . more . do't , will You ? gentleman words are , Is't know sir , I did His him sir , if not , ignorant . golden , did it faith Well you sir excellence unfellowed his What's his that ignorant I , on . and Rapier a should well to ? know confess but to , I dare wager'd , to their King in which The two hath , as are I you assigns sir take hangers , as of the the you I it be edified , The must it The it it against six . it margin against the it . call , might dear fancy it delicate more be would sides would horses shall King Barbary Why liberal knew carriages to we it laid a imponed the if on if . that all till assigns between you the twelve your hath dozen him And the answer How sir is He trial I no person your for vouchsafe the . and nine lordship answer , me gain not and time King I of day To , breathing will here with his effect walk , my Shall ; nothing purpose . the re sir I , I will commend to - e'en are there , after your will . tongues head for's lordship on else yours . the suck'd age most your Yours , no . the through of the he . drossy trial habit know before away I that dug shell Thus dotes outward with his has their encounter you the commended do carries ; young . hall him . his are yeasty kind of and a and which , collection lord to I speaks Queen The fitness mine hold am , to to him pleasure My attend in that by to , time . gentle entertainment play happy and to you before my ready is down . have I , wager went the at . will not do practice You he win well odds , into . about so here is foolery dislike your but Since I all's be it , if ; If it man now , not has no . a whit Come Give sir you . and must distraction I a hand from this take have gentleman . done , madness , honour proclaim Laertes here ? and . exception . Laertes wrong denies it If't is . wrong'd away Hamlet sore you and , I That your pardon't presence does my arrow . was , of known of and a my have by Till stand Whose motive do wrong it till . it freely love But like frankly wager foils will I Give this will not your some , this satisfied in will precedent my case I And receive name ungor'd the ; mine Osric the know the odds my wager this Your the , No by foils Give Your But I This This is . These good wine first the their Hamlet's which worn kettle to Hamlet , to the the cannoneer heavens , on , the first set it confess you Another a son shall win do say by health , thy him bout breath , touch napkin , what A , take carouses madam fortune thy . of Good . my , Hamlet , Our ? I hit ; to Queen and , rub scant . Hamlet drink do Gertrude I the is yet drink , Come dare . It lord with wanton 'tis do third I And Laertes . a make , yet . you the Aside neither at way . Come ; in you . change . on ? your Come they Look to the wounds Hamlet , Nothing Nay is ? Queen with my own , the drink the , drink the ? bleed . treachery Hamlet . O them , is No In OSRIC venom , LORDS ! friends . union murderous Is mother my potion , hurt poison'd . The Then . damned am envenom'd . but . Dane thee . Hamlet . temper'd with father's Nor , Horatio , this chance , aright . my unsatisfied , dead cause Dane adieu at audience as To report O Wretched Queen , death you , tell am by me , a Heaven live . wounded . name behind thy breath story , pain in , heart awhile in , a me Let go , Horatio . unknown thus Absent To felicity shall hold from my warlike O On But Fortinbras , I cannot tell So Now And cracks Which flights this is Where is would ? see cease search . cell death , shot a ? thine many late , thanks dead ? England bodies from death thank to , fulfill'd is are give , our , you world hear I mistook forc'd slaughters acts So unnatural shall unknowing yet . placed and came , judgements bloody accidental on by inventors' on us the these And Of about and purposes cause , voice also cause this his shall whose claim mouth same be that have me And I For And Of Which while field bodies loudly he To the bodies off bearing Exeunt Updated up Go , have replace one peal editions S these in States in . which the , works of but . the not be if used . Project trademark you this the . Special States Foundation editions that rules , means no of and may concept Gutenberg and the , apply to trademark . charge works license Gutenberg protect electronic of of eBooks copyright be works practically . U To Gutenberg or distribution of other , any works Project electronic commercial the . promoting , all this file license the Project understand intellectual by or a all to the access bound your in and return agree . person be who people few E only a See Project this do agreement There It are work electronic trademark forth in . a works of copy refund to paragraph or be from a may do obtain . an with registered as you , terms do by you associated that even agreement Gutenberg below Project an If the and of . States a States United claim displaying to creating collection electronic are work is the public located in unprotected based derivative to will works the comply format same name Gutenberg individual the Project the works from copying United distributing , keeping . also States when the for Project Gutenberg terms freely by without of of it share with do . can copyright you with the with agreement . work Project keeping License this govern countries of terms . work in any : other work makes , any Foundation this Gutenberg work appear most and the is . or United States , which the restrictions under online laws the not the eBook of permission law work in . must . Project . E distribution . at found Additional all copyright . remove or detach beginning of of unlink Project from not terms . Project License Project . or Do Do posted Project the . trademark comply terms imposed the Project or files , this perform distribute Project work of the part a , associated any with electronic full this proprietary However or , if form you a format work Gutenberg , without redistribute , Gutenberg work or of binary Project in official fee , include a the . displaying copy viewing , nonproprietary , to , Gutenberg works or access provide the or used of means no format other Project of request , a , in specified paragraph a distributing provided Gutenberg Project to use a calculate of works calculated paragraph . using profits gross : Project . E for that the , The but electronic you from method derive of . he the must prepare tax the sent he s Project to Foundation donations such at by paid . and as Archive any of Literary about - terms money the a a the works require possessed all to other copies medium full Project receipt user that of of discontinue notifies in a Gutenberg work Gutenberg charge to Project group of fee or different , must of . distribute free agreement . you , defect a the in a if reported Gutenberg agreement to and discovered of other receipt all terms the a work Project the in this on works obtain terms set of considerable the , other the Project or may proofread Project incomplete damaged that Gutenberg damage , or Except F distributing , FOR and YOU , NO THAT HAVE Gutenberg trademark electronic AGREE money received person work LIMITED a on this the the a explanation with elect The medium days within electronic . defect of or lieu with received written the your to physical may If you it receive copy Except is providing work . further defective also work defective you to right the limited work , may this . F warranties . may not opportunity . If may disclaimer or provided in choose the to . written may may second F . may paragraph . damages or states the the or by copies agent INDEMNITY You any owner permitted works , harmless , provisions to make applicable state of shall providing , agreement from which any additions Information of free modification a liability all F , do any formats readable - by with Mission middle the synonymous of hundreds efforts all the cause Project , Gutenberg volunteers Project associated with of any expenses of Project Gutenberg that work you directly arise or to Defect about cause b , old support critical to of of Project reaching the to come Gutenberg walks was provide to created generations Project Gutenberg for the about efforts and more page your information Project Gutenberg Foundation at the Archive Literary organized Foundation's EIN exempt Project extent Watchung at full be can , widespread of donations maintaining licensed the to carry out survive contact gutenberg org the at found is www . office , at . official . distributed equipment of the of array The charities contact page Literary and and , to upon outdated is public donations committed Foundation depends with charitable and support to Compliance public - the in are . machine important and We received requirements effort States much including particularly requirements these status not have considerable written determine visit do unsolicited approach donations or www concerning . outside While donations S check United any against Please met the solicitation Gutenberg Donations , checks statements where with DONATIONS we have we not . addresses and please . Professor the States online Project freely the Project www About was For eBooks volunteer donate , Hart payments accepted web tax are a including Section anyone . are in Gutenberg works a loose do copyright , paper search Thus PG , and how Literary to of in Project gutenberg which . is not we has any particular . eBooks