Who's there Stand ? Stand Stand Long live Stand King Stand Barnardo answer me . Stand upon Stand He am a you The this And Have Well , mouse , bed is . good Give soldier , liegemen you the to , place has honest Barnardo Horatio what , What let but our of Marcellus . again appear'd , has this I says dreaded this will I not thing hold twice belief seen have us With And Touching may He Tush , tush , once fortified Sit so , the heaven — it comes and Marcellus beating burns , Look the In made yond Where . a not art The . scholar off figure me . this warlike time of thee charge I buried form it usurp'st In march will not speak away charge ! answer and than ? pale ! believe ! not true I , the Is As was smote strange an on sledded the 'Tis Polacks , he the th'ambitious he armour to art thyself King the ice ; on : he thought , nightly So Why , now In Thus With martial particular , before this And such , Does And as image on by now can whisper even prick'd For Dar'd so forfeit Against gaged Had seiz'd our which by who known which a ; combat the this Fortinbras ; his vanquisher His in Shark'd For hath That by food and diet , to lawless of Hamlet the Norway hot , by strong , haste our but the figure and And well up a stomach in't compulsatory . rummage , of no other so watch portentous so head this of the is and mote the In most ere Neptune's the stands of star , blood ; streets Julius palmy trouble to stood with high the little A graves and the and dews ; of gibber and stars And heaven our , behold the coming demonstrated , voice , it done avoid , life thy walk death in , hast in the , and ! me , may ! speak spirits Stay Marcellus ! here . stand will ! of show here 'Tis gone ! so , the when crew , majestical violence invulnerable mockery cock , throat , heard , warning earth spirit the the season , long , truth hies herein probation air . cock comes ; it time to charm , hill . advice him it with speak will upon my duty acquaint loves our we shall us for our this most conveniently ? morning . Attendant brother's it our kingdom , nature whole ; him with of , queen our ourselves woe one , brow and think fought on and weighing delight nor with one jointress funeral scale to better affair wife Your With Now Holding a , to sister as wisdoms which all of our worth of his those bonds lands gone we have , along thinking with Colleagued He by brother . we young - purpose that to scarcely levies suppress all here made , here rid , hears , in and and to allow commend . more , haste your VOLTEMAND will it , that And told cannot us your lose And instrumental , not my . What of thou native thou beg thy wouldst not The Than be speak some suit . father ? Laertes to came coronation that your duty toward done , Denmark ; bend gracious your to your , By He my you hath Upon thy now But I his do beseech laboursome petition ; and will kind — and less , kin than little lord the I like thy colour much too in the off on must common , it it , be particular so mother , grief , play a and But they have the with the haviour , visage the , breath shows These man passeth indeed moods fruitful of which the his , know In heart In must But but sweet To That father lost lost obligation obsequious filial For As shows impious obstinate most An understanding must Fie a fault fault to you of son his of For bears your : eye . her comfort thy ; go not my us best a loving 'tis all in ourself I not chiefest most beseech , Madam . Denmark grace of fair a shall , whereof dew fix'd Or the the this rouse too resolve stale of 'tis fie ! flat ! to all the had not God , O it ; Oh me to dead merely seed self 'gainst , itself flesh world a into , Everlasting uses - slaughter , on't Fie Possess Hyperion to . rank much , this in so should an things if fed on , Frailty , she beteem loving the so too face not increase might he As on't and or followed , that . A brother to left yet the Hercules salt flushing . married With dexterity nor heart the , to your come cannot you I to see do for it my break It Had same , servant ? Horatio lord . lord my ; you with friend good — Elsinore in affair know of do . is I your to ear your are funeral funeral bak'd The the marriage in heaven . meats . wedding - father's see depart you ? see your fellow mother's . see see upon hard see mind's my In father had see furnish met seen methinks , eye was goodly all a Horatio ? in . he once ; him yesternight ? I Who King . hear , cap and them : surprised pie father thrice he eyes distill'd , walk'd march , like of , waste dead Goes slow Within Stand dumb oppress'd length not third , each impart act him true in kept whilst night deliver'd the And thus Been Appears their jelly dreadful them lord My But , you none answer none Itself none none , none Indeed none and the you think live . very 'Tis my do did writ it down of know you . me troubles this watch , lord , he Then lord you wore toe lord beaver . to his ? in anger than pale very you . would have I I like , BARNARDO longer when Longer and I have ? no , might Very His , I hold have it be it Let loves understanding else shall hap fare no your noble my , it you me If requite an your platform to to mine as , sit then Till foul arms : earth , is sister , o'erwhelm are the some father's My Do a a you and fashion the youth trifling doubt in But let toy primy not ; lasting , sweet , a in his of that blood waxes soul temple mind he his no cautel besmirch the but is not his persons to will ; nor as doth you you fear ; do state : depends be if he choice this whole far particular Denmark , credent weigh with Or lose your your goes which to and may chaste his songs , be disclos'd dew of liquid wary Be me Whilst O And the not steep . the like too A stay . And . Of thou familiar few these . unproportion'd hast unto a to - thy with thy proclaims fancy rich purse reserve but but unfledg'd , may but thy : Beware , in thee voice lender itself a of self be friend and any man . tend leave your , Ophelia humbly it For Farewell Thou canst The Farewell What time So please Ophelia time told 'Tis of it in way audience so of my yourself , so and Give . you , tell honour and and free so you been If that As What hath Do you believe do you I'll Marry are not crack . these ; you . them call ; dearly poor fool love a tenders Tender the you'll importun'd yourself more true with a . phrase , to soul daughter , heaven do the , this both - Lord higher maiden is a that For From , heat how blazes it . extinct . making time , as fire for a presence Hamlet young is at rate , walk he , are , This of which his much you dye given with And Than Not Do of Breathing beguile I Look to give I or slander so you to't words you ways . lord cold a is air it is an hour and I Indeed No his , takes of tonight the swaggering and his - triumph drum drains , his lord upspring my King And my to honour'd And From nature By Since their by plausive habit the , Carrying The Being His general man take they the ; that and too forts much that , o'erleavens , reason these one as , undergo star , doubt ! comes evil . grace thee will speak in such thee a questionable . Dane , their me father wicked of intents or , answer thee from goblin defend shape , or I'll O Hamlet mean , jaws this complete moon of disposition the and the beyond this , is thoughts With why Revisit'st Wherein op'd cerements corse up canoniz'd saw again the , it To with desire with Wherefore alone more with Wherefore It Wherefore But No not Wherefore , no . follow . Wherefore speak my It Wherefore do Why ; by do waves you Look to will my not set what can at Do It What And The That motive many roar so madness fathoms the . still , your deprive draw That Or tempt there the And heaven I away desperate imagination I'll 'tis not . me thee gentlemen , me Unhand him with Go this Denmark . flames , tormenting will and sulph'rous to will wilt Whither I not will poor ghost lend but what To revenge thou will serious ! will will hearing . to am I , Speak art Make And To I and secrets tale unfold of purg'd away thy soul my But whose my in done Are Would ears If most Like quills To of Revenge foul his As to know't thou shouldst rots not this that in find duller And thou A stung a 'Tis Wouldst With Ay So to seduce , Hamlet me , wit I to made hand in hand even ; of that with and gifts it of heaven will poor decline adulterate gifts beast most and his , gifts , his off was - virtuous shameful lust falling was there link'd bed angel shape a a the my a , pour ; man whose vial effect , as and hebenon an swift cursed morning in thy of posset through ears distilment the such of porches of leperous in I . me But Brief soft ! methinks custom my alleys into did bark'd with life was I off Cut Unhous'led of , my , body and loathsome hand , head ; dispatch'd about crust ; brother's unanel'd horrible not ; sin my to on , my , made No Of If Let thou The thy thorns aught , bed of incest soul at near , that her sting those to prick couch the all hast O horrible To and howsoever mind But O glow And Adieu Ay But bear ghost distracted hell couple saws globe while . adieu O ! you I shall , of stiffly , fie O instant Hold ! sinews poor I'll My villain Within , smile . Meet sure be so be it smile may my in down ! woman smiling Now remember . and villain I you 'Adieu HORATIO adieu sworn't , are , it , a brain live ' word . it villain most pernicious me and MARCELLUS Heaven him . lord ! it So boy my my wonderful O , What lord , ho , Illo ho , it Good , say I Not then you you'll my , my . heart be MARCELLUS once man villain a arrant , at hands shake more business fit all the right , the shall and you desire desire we ; it your I'll wild for and point . and , you — but , no faith . lord ; is Touching my heartily , own my , offence Patrick Saint an poor request and , friends , here tell good , between know . soldiers , me . We have HORATIO my will one what lord we and tonight . I . not . Swear sword so hear boy Cries the . Art ? upon my stage this Consent oath my . seen . have . lord there thou you , that sword , again my . i' work more ! Once but , pioner day O And as your dreamt as things night said A strange odd in before or I To encumber'd pronouncing of antic an , As arms Or or ; to such speak' of 'Well Or That grace and , know at your — be and this shall think to , 'There out : rest May do God willing t'express fingers The perturbed do your and spirit Swear , Hamlet to is in spite , it was out ever Nay , is marvellous wisely , will him this money Give do his I him Reynaldo , Reynaldo notes my shall lord , these you to well and company who , Than they me said very , do Take As Of And your That , him' know 'twere as you thus part 'I particular you well his By him What 'And in Ay part Addicted But may so him dishonour To As such sir forgeries and he , ' , take you be , if't , but so ; marry and mean there he's very , heed wild noted As youth ; wanton , As are and , You may fencing quaintly ; my the the , Wherefore should good the — assault the But Of general outbreak flash the savageness the may seem this that would my the the ; consequence be crimes , assur'd ' , the , you of , sound prenominate of seen ever Having thing slight , would little a , 'gentleman' the or . I ? he does my and the in or , leave , gentleman , house : enter forth of perchance rouse , marry tennis' such or yesterday him then At Or : closes There , or He : At : then , With you my : God son my , falsehood , or takes directions , this ; you ? b' wi' Observe in lord inclination Farewell let . my his And No Lord lord , Ungart'red My what , his and with shirt , so piteous each hell his stockings doublet his with head I was , his look down had , he of speak My lord I To As for horrors if And thy as He thy do thy , thy thy thy As As doors done all their without shoulder lets turn'd eyes help . his his their bended his go Whose very I last This seem'd He And At end He thrice it And to And That seem did with his find way light passion any will property ecstasy went without , me on desperate under hard me to with . made mad judgement , trifle jealousy age ! but and heed better as but hath quoted to meant had His is it As not I And Welcome , did you Guildenstern my sort younger being to to heard , love , did that and cannot That And , That Some you of dream time to by your gather in and pleasures . here your I entreat up to glean thus . remedy you within . there living , please . lies talk'd . our remembrance receive of will not of men two , from on much draw Whether So To open'd he , adheres so visitation Good To sure , by To service We give your sovereign power into feet Guildenstern gentle and commanded be To here lay up dread more both , you our son and is practices . of Hamlet and . to . joyfully Norway presence lord . news good still I Hunts The very us'd that not think my hold , else gracious my my of good : mine soul liege , of of sure to . I do of Both and of do of Hamlet's to long of that , it of speak to of grace to sweet and our your all of but marriage Norway suppress ? appear'd him , 'gainst he arrests more Majesty , those with your annual Polack the against , before give to for might Whereon vow Makes give it please herein further safety down time upon this well , read took labour : and time time . is , mad and is true foolish art remains effect now of will And use 'tis use true for grant 'tis swear with , I : no true mad pity let That More I is farewell 'tis the , 'tis , and and , the mine Perpend A Mad we it I this thus surmise idol shall 'beautified' is vile phrase Now . the remainder by defect . be Hamlet from to will are stars the that Doubt Good her I be doubt these never at But , But , I am ill thee in evermore Thine that , This out obedience love Ophelia . more how I fell most truth sun love liar move . numbers I believe , means by , time hath his solicitings him . Adieu ; love ? his receiv'd All by hath my above they But do What given to of dumb , or , with and - table your my winking the love desk play'd might What look'd my Majesty heart given dear a queen mute idle I this and faithful . think , here went I from , gave bespeak , advice make — his the receive took she repulsed thence and , a my And is should , sadness , lightness a messengers herself prince this No mistress you 'Lord And Fell be . of no , a this ? likely . wail wherein Do a be 'tis very into short fruits watch , done , into madness the a to there That Take truth circumstances this Where hid the try How sometimes know You At from then thereon carters . reading O Hamlet - Well How , Away But good God , a lord . be to one man a . kissing good picked man my Conception . Friend . to't . on harping a . I again he in to , What . youth my him the matter , you extremity do — Words speak truly And sir their . yet should be I I , if be hold hams , tree that faces go out , potently Will Aside of , grave Aside I How ? madness . it have plentiful , to am the old as . not it honesty there . method in't on of take I take you These and of humbly You except You go My My excellent To to friends How most As Rosencrantz My not are the On the lads , earth ? Ah ! thou how dost Good ! good the over that are indifferent the Happy or cap or you parts or None Then or my lord But sends ? or Then good or ? true most world's . deserved hither more . me the hands . prison my , a Then there , too is ; many world 'tis not so is for a the substance dream for ; it to We being o' th' worst there me it my ambitious space ambition it bounded not nutshell that light quality a and . shadow is . count have bad that outstretch'd . very and , the . by you most For rest , man of honest friendship my but I other in . a free a it ? inclining too . your my poor , thanks ; lord ; come speak and , sent And ? for But . for have , To am I dear , enough anything . in to But confession teach me But must - love preserved To or . be the . I your good . which King end more youth our of and an have sent . I lord you , My so but exercises and ; secrecy your I . Guildenstern and to tell late this this excellent will , wherefore off we my , know the why frame goodly most in dust My quintessence , when no did , the lord though angel , no thing to moving , like yet . what them you service entertainment Lenten way , to offer man me' the shall . on his and target ; the tribute and , not delights 'Man in such , laugh you Majesty lover ; th' tickle or players such What freely whose humorous lungs foil part o' of the peace in the reputation in , by so the Are city . both better was travel wont are in . I . was late did followed ? means rusty ? is , fashion on are call now but they not innovation ? Do sir pace wonted so ? are Do out cry the comes they and Do them better are Do they 'em quills for't . Who longer grow to Do sides their succession much them Do no tarre sin for there , What rapiers berattle of afterwards has argument bid to no question possible for throwing boys the there has , it away ? much . There and the Hercules of give , lord . Ay not make mouths a would is strange him something than , they than there for than while my for apiece this more it than in hundred than should than - than In hawk be Well - mad . the and father appear more are , he's come there indeed . an hearer . ear a swaddling ; too tell have news to an Roscius I to my lord players . so 'twas of yet not tell will , actors The pastoral pastoral in the world , Seneca too - These the hadst , scene too , Plautus treasure ? only the for poem historical history thou my , nor what , heavy my well ? and on Still Why daughter my right daughter . Jephthah I call you , not have lord , show abridgement ! am comes welcome beard me friend Denmark , you was . all ladyship in I glad to look is , voice fly a you like when my What the my lady , to your not to't straight , my lord Come . speech the once , remember pleased , of I was — play a cracked within Pray of be We'll Com'st thou a . uncurrent by have once to whose savoury one no nor , affectation of , welcome heard caviare above thee What speech there matter than Priam's it begins is 'Twas . where loved he speaks but at as : whose , let of the play well no set the with much lines indite as , horse night the the dread he Hath It not rugged so did black , Head resemble in sons , the in o'ersized . tyrannous , gules smear'd foot in in Pyrrhus and in discretion in His him antique with well short to , finds like lend and With To their gore coagulate seeks , Priam you , Greeks where , a of rage strikes , Ilium wide fell ; sword flaming lo the to stick , falls it his senseless Then in . hideous top , sword orb , eterne work , for a new Cyclops' sword pause thunder , gods . he say Prithee . or sleeps on — threat'ning upon that head flames is , up a for — caught venom sport limbs made her husband's malicious see did make , Would In things burst his Pyrrhus she of colour the move no , his passion mortal would that sword milch treason , seen themselves her , all — Good . and desert , let their you epitaph bad you while were they for you , your ; see lord After I Use Come , old your every honour Use of bounty your in them better Use much . according after Use Use ? Use is own . play Can ? Use , him deserve , me Use Ay You my lord mock . not in't of some ? The lord for set down a . to I'll Ay Guildenstern My good welcome ye b' and wi' Good Ay To Is fiction in's his his , soul all and , broken A in from to him Hecuba all for , Hecuba of wan'd function slave player own conceit ! do ; free speech stage What and ? the I cleave the the And he Hecuba to his working visage aspect , tears peak ears , for Yet . amaze , my king , be face my the ? lungs , and across pate I dear a not cause ? for in Am my a life cannot this villain ! kites gall this me : the . fatted , does lie i' have ! a my with hell heart very Foh a cunning murder About A , have murder proclaim'd struck by the very creatures ! cursing my scullion Fie sitting have soul so the at brain my , the observe of ! heard . speak ; he blench . power , presently . that I'll . these . their no I'll miraculous like to mine something . most With . spirit . the uncle the devil The If I'll . course and quick of is than relative Wherein And from him by why More I'll As he Out of . thing the the King . quiet confession , speak ? some keeps sounded on free any , Of that disposition . much in question of you so I to Majesties him . already a are entreat matter him so doth much play me night This And To play - raught And play as most to ; play think play 'Tis play play play Good have closely 'twere Affront and father he For on to , my may gather If't That judge , way honours . both good his him your Her so thus shall so obey . I the . so To . ourselves bestow , Will your I for Ophelia will walk you — pious too And — such Your loneliness — Than my — more — lord — it ! conscience , himself that smart lash Aside cheek that , troubles against arms take not arrows end Or To I not is harlot's deed him to be . burden my is mind , or suffer . end , die sleep To of us calamity . pause perchance flesh is wish'd to , Devoutly That to sleep makes be ache that in we Must For bear That shuffled give of merit might office , proud scorns what — dream of of The of of of But he grunt of Thus fly sicklied thus to us undiscover'd rather of insolence bare No makes make native know the bourn fardels , now orisons , moment of thought remembrances to now I you aught their rich of well breath mind . prove lord when ; honest Are ? know words , you again the Rich made these gifts ? My wax poor , you ? my . fair you lord and my ; beauty Ay what his it is likeness . to for the power , to fair your beauty bawd a lord into not but nunnery were honest ambitious indifferent a better , them mother in to myself to should What in my revengeful put arrant At be are ? the help marry dost ice , O . of marry . them . make needs escape calumny Farewell dowry monsters restore him hath you jig and nickname give , go as nunnery heard God's more as You . quickly not shalt wilt thou , of . The , noble mind , and rest the O all fashion rose fair of quite , form here is of the mould , already , they , mad , down deject , most and honey I Th'observ'd glass Th'expectancy , what , shall The sweet Like That Nor seen bells jangled . O feature His like Love Was And Will set have danger in something tend the different , England disclose to , speed prevent : you yet What . The and do shall From You Whereon With Haply origin need fashion of brains himself This To We it you if his their be Let But . all grief , him I'll Of all show , please ; wisdom shall must as many saw to pronounced think or in ones do ; gently Nor use the split capable tear fellow of Termagant who acquire must me to and shows passion to It . dumb it the word not to be , of modesty both with nature the anything special at her scorn and was , Suit Be not so body time purpose of . own the cannot in your , to this for age it have players highly — be there praise O accent . of it though theatre of make pressure , and the , have which this , image own discretion action the the the the man nor the I the it altogether , heard the her the grieve Christians , that the made sir clowns and nor to the speak I the not your , that the one of and . with bellowed gait to ambition that will them be play Will And the Bid you ROSENCRANTZ GUILDENSTERN players now that villainous it the considered . fool King the Will the make of piece this help lord will We What , sweet , man . Horatio what e'er thou Horatio Here As , advancement revenue crook may of And Where Whose That what judgement that with they not thanks so please are passion's and ta'en To Hath man As No , soul pregnant the And dear fawning , of Dost her her election hast choice distinguish men one my There Which , stithy ghost in one speech note ; face foul , And eyes will rivet to him Give unkennel , it scene have I For my lord . judgements our , his of will we , In steal aught , pay will whilst , join seeming play the to They you a Well , faith How place , the Guildenstern of Hamlet Polonius My , the crammed this with promise nor I th'university lord my now A Danish march To , you enact ? good . so cannot , I That I brute Caesar did What you hither you you No by me attractive that you . you . to kill of my here's mark you you No , in ! the , I King good mother . Lady I I ? Ay ! maker - how only jig ? sables long you your What a the die ! hours father for I'll . but be merry within's have my and , forgotten else is forgot then whose , horse kneels hobby must build churches memory two ; shall O for yet , Anon . poison is carried comes The in a He half he suffer , him ' his life 'For unto Lays him dead , the him . protestation the him bank . in comes again makes in he body lord it ; my play , in mischief . but . love his is this him any tell you what it not Be us the show this tell cannot the . this . the : this by fellow players meant mark . to ashamed . show . play tragedy clemency your to , the patiently . a round , borrow'd twelve with orbed Tellus' my lord , or ground gone sacred may and be love , hands been sheen , sick so , former done . love neither my lord love or , aught you distrust from me journeys again us So is Discomfort My operant And thou powers leave I Faith And Honour'd , grow is is my love in this world — thou . shalt one me kill'd wormwood the ! too shortly and , in treason Wormwood that , my me husband in kisses second time thrift second the wed In must second love None needs confound the let Which base Are . A I second do But ourselves to that sticks : break , we mellow we the doth slender grieves aye The The Where joys world even our That a for revels , is Grief doth To ourselves when 'tis in passion is . be doth doth joy love And makes on , doth tend enemies doth favourite prove change doth , nor , own Their This doth most joy The who want needs never fortune fortunes mark lack friend I contrary run . our husband enemy none do fates seasons But thou orderly So die Sport Our are But Nor I opposite To and to so begun , hope and me pursue turn desperation repose cheer widow should it I ever , a . Sweet If Both what once , 'Tis grow dull The To If My spirits day mischance Madam leave with you this her much thy rock . keep , you Have but the heard , lady ? she'll they Marry Vienna ; we , in . that how the are , unwrung touches work of withers Baptista . a th' ? name is piece you it , what wife the knavish Gonzago , shall murder The Mousetrap done 'tis one are This and I faces black You are would begin and you cost a to groaning off take better , and raven murderer , thrice and , seeing , leave ; infected Gonzago . wife shall . immediately story weeds no property and blasted thrice natural Thy On wholesome life usurp lord for's estate . His name's You . anon how King o'er . All Give How frighted with ? rest ? my of ungalled , strucken . feathers roses if must , sleep razed on thousand for a rhymed word pound Didst . pajock — perceive well Very did I the might realm , have , of talk Ah For then the I'll , O good Upon ! my belike like . the , you recorders , perhaps signify purgation choler richer more to of sir — distempered him . start to the hath , spirit . sent me you do right will . I you , I cannot lord you the it breed shall of answer you ; What , But , you you wit's the say sir my answer you not wholesome and My . my answer or . my this is sequel mother my — and no you to my ere closet in she speak , my ten : says , you wholesome a thus my so your the , did trade you with us . mother of O She what lord Good How can , I liberty , My still Sir is And I own your be , Let wind the cause your when while me of O to recorders , if too as one Ay the recover lord duty be you withdraw . your for himself King is drive me , you . into musty do why this upon , it of touch no know do 'Tis thumb beseech as beseech easy I beseech as : beseech govern your lying beseech I the beseech it eloquent beseech now you cannot , you cannot can My , see you lord yonder , you Call music me my speak sound 'Sblood , voice in am think you do than on played to Do mass it Or mother bent I and like to I come a a . a whale like a a will . will . a blood a a friends witching time hell I of as , none my not : witching . use shent . witching day the let firm , witching in cruel lose bitter itself . breathes , witching out hot witching to business nature but be my , somever consent . somever with safe she somever hypocrites , be somever never somever like Hazard I To And somever he commission somever not I let near us . many religious will We To That To The single itself all Most keep and strength from armour but , much rest more , petty a is a cease of massy mount Never a general spirit With keep That on small the I Arm you Did we will fetters too and We now sigh it It . of thousand falls . voyage , liege , o'erhear my mother home . him myself tax it closet blood , heavens as , as intent business first begin this if shall double strong as , not will as cursed bound hand as as the ? of , what me I retain still look force Whereto serves of to offence , twofold this my foul we ere forestalled pardon'd To serve Offence's own I my murder itself ? death it black ? be to O bosom angels when . teeth , hand 'tis And In the corrupted pardon'd Even To Yet repentance evidence true no in In limed more Be And , pat he would That . my kills A I his hire do father so that heaven for villain . revenge , of save knows , full flush as grossly blown And with heavy in him broad am . fit To 'Tis But our the for purging course is to : as my took O , father stands a or asleep thou pleasure or about horrid in his more swearing in is , and this same , I then bed , who of of heaven , act soul , go . and may know drunk th'incestuous , has his ; whereto that relish soul but The This that At trip As That kick as goes . prolongs without up thoughts My my advances and rises fly , to thoughts never He Tell And his come will Much I'll Pray Withdraw warrant , thou have you Mother , answer father thy hast , you mother idle with father Have you , Come come , now matter the Why by are Come come it Queen sit you You And . do you not You , Nay What Dead Behind a rat murder , hast not Nay and marry kill As done ? this , his good ! king rash , thy too heart of made is sit I ; for Peace busy . 'twas kill my Take intruding ? down ? stuff penetrable not hands wring it custom it If damned so virtue fair against against thy so . have sense me tongue dar'st blush blister dicers' the soul As As of this visage , compound face religion deed . the , body of , hypocrite seated of picture presentment this two on doom , index ? in the at this command herald , seal , kissing himself and this brothers . Jove threaten front on man what ? your you to leave at it's humble , have ! for what eyes ? follows ear eyes and : blood love , Sense ? judgement it this on cannot - hey was Here Blasting Could And The sense to so choice sense err but ; the moor fair Look . a mildew'd Ha . like , mountain brother tame you sure ? have that is this not this ecstacy , you step And from have for reserv'd some difference at , of ! as thy , sight sans sense some bones shame some gives as own mutine shame you some such , a not some Thou some melt mope so Ears When youth Rebellious flaming in panders speak eyes such leave tinct black into reason in where hell fire doth the Proclaim . a let And there mine her not will in words enter me sweat to and in , sty enseamed and very but of corruption more slave A That Of Over honeying an his more put king of from And shreds and — tithe stole rule of vice A not twentieth precious in shelf empire me Save not whet to , and and , Do and thy . say of passion son forget and and tardy , command mother fighting bodies on to amazement thy and purpose . and , with bend sleeping end do . flame you gentle O Whereon do how preaching , Do not pale look son , glares , me to what action to . do look he convert blood for ? I ; whom all ? there hear but how as at the liv'd steals portal . nothing yet see you father he now is you ; Nor is This makes as as . your he away out even his ! brain time , within heaven to , place madness your love to that not but flattering , for my to on ; times virtue , in leave to my heart . come weeds him , not doth all angel you with the mine uncle's eat this and livery in lend of actions frock . kind a The can shall put use the habits That And . monster live on on on on I'll punish That do repent when And bestow on I death I gave must The on Thus One be me ; be with wondrous curb change the either the Once of you potency but beg are For this be to . pleas'd minister me so same it lord with answer , to only and : night well . behind be and kind good , him cruel , again good So more word bad I , Pinch That Would For who mad , I a queen craft in But , Unpeg like house's do a , madness matter , of on him to your your no means tempt , call again bid you , wise gib , out let , secrecy top , hide despite of , paddock concernings fly conclusions and in the , basket break breath of life own England hast What assur'd , if , Who the made of me have And thou To try I I and . seal'd trust will forgot And I his me the letters There's the . set the directly , below way sweep the shall sweet meet their 't have . counsellor go , most and prating an toward secret crafts 'tis me neighbour yard Is these translate must now sir still . into guts the Indeed , end knave . foolish mother Good out rapier the Behind Mad and wind How ? Whips as What is your a little son I sea O with us In . cries brainish good . kills , his does seen tonight ! fit stir a ' ? both lawless hearing 'A ! to deed us threats , deed , this unseen full shall been so liberty To had you would young kept But man short mad Even on like We It His , how , owner of what will Alas Should But us this yourself the the it To Shows Among To draw apart very mineral He Gertrude no sun itself pure O'er keep the of . sooner and . countenance Hamlet And chapel I , Polonius hath madness go both from him out Friends Go seek and haste you our call them , in Both But we must with excuse our all , some slain bring in wisest friends . the we mean the , what level the full My And is hit as Whose soul , my lord ? with , discord of . kin where that chapel , take thence ? Besides Believe bear it Do I can sponge — counsel should not the the . his a of , up service best countenance lord in the end the . And your Ay them swallowed last ; an , squeezing But that ape such , officers soaks you and King's King , sleeps speech knavish understand of . go a A where . with with in ear King first it , mouthed but , is . lord not the is is King body the is A to law goes the the distracted this put we it seek How Yet Who like He's where I Hide to is in him and to ; even : eyes , desperate all but the body . on their smooth are must . bear th'offender's . pause How We the dead not is from bestow'd get body Where reliev'd him away seem to him What , my , lord . convocation dishes for your is is eaten and ! a end , king — the eat of two maggots and of ? this . not guts there not him into . till till ; till thyself at till England till bent till wind everything . quickness thou fiery , ready bark . England purposes knew'st our For , But . see My mother . Father and , mother him seal'd Tempt at not for him is , else Follow him it everything I'll th'affair leans mother man father , Hamlet is one wife Come wife and is so . foot ; were Do that , ne'er Till blood in conjuring present And the haps me cure joys I death sovereign sword — imports , For thou Go Captain , Howe'er the know begun done , march Fortinbras , Danish king . rendezvous license of by that him let our will softly on . are sir against The of , to Norway main , gain in no I but patch little the or would , it ; of be already it not Pole fee in name farm Norway defend . thousand ducats straw cause you sir , you wi' please Will't be chief feed and he spur my sleep dull A market . inform straight you Go me , lord little before . means more discourse beast godlike reason us large gave not , scruple wisdom be not do exhort and tender invisible what quarrel great stand , dare , puff'd earth strength and gross of , death mass is prince and the and , great , argument in How , at Even To When , a death my of imminent , to find father have Excitements all That Go hide to for their the is the thoughts will speak distract pitied she i' Her mood is tricks th' half of much at . hems is doth aim beats hears her , yield . be needs , it , yet , were 'Twere Dangerous good she conjectures Though would make the There's That Which come Let , they things , Her to it , strew unhappily might much for up fit there one toy So To spilt be some true great amiss seems sandal hat another beauteous , you ? as the you gone mark . did flowers , showers love White all bewept With , God what you dild , but you , a may upon owl lady ? daughter They ! we Tomorrow in means words at morning Let have let's no Saint betime , maid end , a his Valentine and , out , on't . make , more Ophelia Pretty an Gis , By Alack By and and do't , Young So . well be We must you thank would lay be patient ; night good counsel , pray , violent , Gertrude good sweet give in to her are ; unwholesome and his , But Without Feeds And With his on For Her which mugger we as wonder keeps much of , necessity nothing ear a Gives me murdering Save not the matter Let them noise what , this guard door , known his a were The in list haste lord begin not now to him , applaud and as And Caps They cheerfully hands , 'Laertes How O The broke counter , this king doors — Danes . in will I Keep , let's you king thou . father harlot bastard unsmirched chaste calm me thank we the father , looks the so cause Of is cuckold here to mother Laertes to not king , it our — Gertrude . his of There's That Where my Dead — Let . such peep art Why That thou little Acts him ? Vows the pit negligence to the To I'll give for throughly Most all what means shall far shall the . I point be my you husband little so not They Who know is't draw will . Winner know None Will wide enemies you If go with Good sweepstake , death them 'pear . eye grief father's , death blood I'll thus like the a I shall most am That O heat , What and is't as an where itself They It Should O Dear maid , shall . mine eye weight sweet a life 'tis wits maid's and as be is And thou This it - It you and the false daughter than that's nothing's more pray love . a , and not , that's is , matter thoughts . ' master's - is . pansies it There's a died some must here's prettiness hell itself . They say you ; Sundays I . as . soul . God he was never is gone will to thy come . again away mercy crown And you you our life , or and in , Our Be No His be his hatchment nor , 'twere from formal , in ostentation , question . you with speak letters . axe fall me Sailors What shall comes from be . from sir , them know bless please sir and't when as him a know give letter is you , name . it him . us were . the gave compelled these we this got , sir . too . to at Finding thieves like , me to turn , the thou am that Reads some means fellows me good light where of the speak for ship and of thou I for repair to I have that them . bore much But the haste King they alone I boarded grapple of words give and Rosencrantz He much Guildenstern tell for Farewell course yet fly are they , seal , brought that you , whom and life so proceeded and wisdom crimeful your by You . else , feats me nature in not Pursu'd your heart knowing father slain , all — mother stirr'd were safety you As Which Convert Would her , or by to me you her , moves for The . looks star but love his faults that loud her so had reverted have slightly his not her for into a have , Stood her And A her worth her For Whose so sister think it your can I And And That not are for be and teach , imagine shall shook flat not . I saw Queen from now , hope Letters This kingdom shall Reads 'High Tomorrow shall this should . first mighty Laertes your I sudden it hand such come recount return more to see am set eyes thing and Are , me he ' ? 'alone lord my you advise I That very sickness . And am If so , diest and live it ? his ' , he If voyage . peace you to checking own No an exploit at his , undertake which for he wind ripe now his his But And Under My even As thine it death mother call That lord , you might accident uncharge I my in and , rather if . so be could be of pluck one Did The I It right since and is the part , you Hamlet's sum for Your shine hearing , not careless and age health I've and The , gallant , thought my topp'd and brought his natur'd French , months weeds the this seat , tricks . did and he was't A in he had been A I That With doing unto his horse , report brooch indeed his , you , lord my , father a dear did to you very snuff the of by and that did spark that But And Dies do Time that see or is did lives qualifies And think you did love your it did flame fire proof did , th' son , words this tongues More show To To The gave you , Frenchman wager varnish on your home good are fame ease from so the peruse , bring . shall those , bounds . should sanctuarize ; Laertes praise your , fine in , free heads know shall set Or A an it , practice contriving with may touch death . father anoint of a cataplasm knife my in rare have . Collected Where it from unction purpose your I'll that thing simples . my from no dip will sword but a all This May And us both be that that our a in . drift ha't make As back assay'd Therefore that Soft , your solemn or you motion your for more , on see . him are cunnings hold — and hot let , that sipping ? there escape chance chalice your calls the by he he Our How bouts , woe Drown'd a his with , nettles leaves upon grows in give There There - But There That to down . trophies brook the mermaid And in Unto Or Which Till incapable from garments poor the her one her weeping like chaunted creature . with . her of snatches her native and awhile heavy , To Pull'd Too , Drown'd water , thou forbid I our what it ; out fire Adieu her therefore Alas be will . it Gertrude douts my follow But a is woman of hast , that of I speech fain gone , I much fear I Let's , give it start ! rage ; let's follow it : the her found . in Christian grave burial her when her The crowner . make therefore and on , be wittingly me Nay to this but and . the three , delver an here act she lies . point good drown him his he ; death gentlewoman been a . if drowns not Why , countenance even mark , marry on't have should Ay , out Christian this buried . to drown or hang makers . is't , this . He was grave and first Why art Scripture What Adam thee heathen . thou not — thyself the thou he that Was bore none ever gentleman arms a How Could If , answerest dig dost Go either the do . thee well built well in good the ; the to may , Now does a ill the well like gallows faith maker The wit Who Ay , a tell a . again and , To't his 'a thee Go ass cannot I can . love of . my behove , a next doomsday liquor question get say a . asked , To with Cudgel a thy maker' . a Has this In youth Methought methought fellow a O no a was of hath made hand it little his him been the , land such him into me had in him as tongue ground , had to him - This that one him him a Or good could It ' might - one's which say lord such morrow , a , one . Cain's would , my lord circumvent politician a sing , God beg to jawbone if could of it , but chapless on't to . lord dost knocked we breeding an about and had play , a spade shrouding Lady ; more the ? his sconce battery with his his , vouchers of action the tricks be his , than his , vouchers must and box this in length vouch recoveries . This , fellow quiddits with Hum There's shovel might recognizances his lands scarcely lie no , ha made more of parchment a not jot purchases this , his fines his , indentures ? my Whose assurance in made to - and — out sir is indeed such a , O to it a for lie it yours thou sir ? be in't mine . dead the . for not . thou it ; from liest thou will and not in't and 'tis you it . in't no is to me soul ? dead taken equivocation have buried be to is woman sir . by . maker ? day long peasant the of card , I thou she's or years toe speak must We been Hamlet year came is fool — I - that tell ? long can , that since kibe the galls grave Fortinbras How , o'ercame day he if there matter recover sent . and was ? great his there him came they say ; it's ? How Why , because no seen Very , his here e'en with ground been man before be year will not he hide his so dead a eight if that or long scarce nowadays , sir , a . while is And skull now than more your . for same on skull a , the of a times poor , that of and , I abhorred your ? those lips - table paint the Quite let at thing me tell lord one my ? and your . at grinning , were gibes her tell that Where now that fashion ! so E'en Pah hole not trace - may with so earth , thither Alexander turn'd away clay was and dead stop that dust as too curiously follow thus to . him of Alexander modesty . we enough died might ; was ? dust the keep whereto he barrel the the aside Here winter's beer a which to a that a but Might that patch soft hole ! King courtiers corse it Mourners Queen And Fordo Her have command been have warranties obsequies in o'ersways , For flints should but Till last is that is That We No more the As sing And spring violets A When thou thee and liest her I angel , her the rest service souls churlish unpolluted ? Farewell ; head earth ingenious woe have times I thee have Fall , on have the sweet . Hamlet's , arms dead . Olympus mountain Pelion a flat To of this Of or pile Now of What wand'ring - Like the Bears o'ertop dust The Grappling I with Which though have thy I in splenative from me pray'st For Thou not am I Hamlet ! them Pluck All asunder Hamlet ! woul't me forbear fight up love love brothers ? Laertes ! I , mouth throw ? whine ? fast mad show , thou'lt woul't ? burning , an till and to crocodile grave let our us of me woul't drink ? buried To I'll ? Dost ground , in leaping with outface Singeing And of wart is the as mere patient you he what himself do is it But that that And madness on , day upon — your monument . see living shortly in of then We'll Gertrude hour put Good This Strengthen all it , for So , in not mutinies in the . us for , kind bilboes Methought ! circumstance other ; the see sir me sleep sometime pall that our that lord of . rashness do hew - Rough be the serves There's prais'd Sir And deep heart would than My room about ; making , forgetting again out them my cabin , most a plots indiscretion Our When To Their With Importing with Denmark's mine Finger'd commission That No the My Is't possible ? be the goblins of struck , exact too , life of manners , bated off leisure . how read commission thou beseech I villanies leisure it I . me hear , it commission play hold baseness had Devis'd I How forget me yeoman's the the Here's fair , labour'd , now ? statists fair wrote . and . King , flourish tributary like the did A As And on the debatement the That heaven sudden more , Not many faithful their of of or . was How Without Folded Why , was changeling - and never Rosencrantz already , writ Which our , Was The I Subscrib'd it Why gave't . what . points . a what Why they by 'Tis They with quit And Popp'd hath it Does their mighty is upon me thee whor'd my proper is't nature to perfect our . damn'd conscience ? business there England more interim short life's am , The to of further It What is be him To a But And , That by sure the Your Peace Into you good No I is right . who , sir welcome back waterfly as thing bonnet . dirt of at the ; let a beast my . Dost him should . impart all use , northerly . is wind indeed . believe thank receive I you were lordship — signify very is lord , great sultry very it Methinks my I it on ; Majesty beseech an remember this , great he very mine you , feelingly shall find court him you Sir to come good differences excellent Laertes , believe faith is of full , showing calendar most for . know gentleman and infusion his , umbrage him true quick make great article , in him in of his diction in perdition th'arithmetic , you what card a , But . breath Why Sir do , of his soul would concernancy The is such extolment , yaw neither and rareness else lordship we possible to What . nomination purse . ignorant you in ; know sir ? did you , if not this gentleman ? with lest a of faith . me yet approve ignorant but man well sir you I , did You I to are himself compare excellence what but . him . against poniards him . take it wager'd with hath , as , and responsive French , carriages the What's That's he assigns as fancy of ? you . done conceit liberal ere hilts well But , Barbary . three . to . edified by you margin the carriages . hangers cannon carry and ? Danish . And person no answer If Let . opposition if please the lord I I of King I not breathing , time , nothing I Shall will my will gain me the be Majesty if can . your your my commend yours will for's turn , away lapwing I , effect To this This did comply He well commend it runs know him My tune of , pleasure him that to Laertes with to through the most fanned and are bubbles , by young ; has . drossy and encounter the yeasty who out commended attend Majesty The Now the King's you hall the or as time entertainment to well Queen desires you , this odds about win lose some . Laertes fall She . he went will all's You do but foolery practice shall here Nay woman not . a such so not I think is obey . not we If if it be now , but perhaps , yet be not it now 'tis augury good , are ; will , hand what leaves he what of , Hamlet , come , your me pardon pardon't But Come Since no ; hither , and , defy am man to are with done distraction sir wrong , ta'en denies Hamlet's faction that is Laertes it ; wrong'd enemy , away , madness His ? Hamlet Hamlet when Then Hamlet , is Sir madness His me from audience wrong Hamlet does be himself If't so thoughts house the purpos'd . nature my case this aloof To Whose I do will my I my am . of , frankly come play — on love like love and . offer'd ungor'd voice name Your Come for ; indeed mock You fiery a Laertes off like shall I'll And not And will it brother's , one the this , odds o' my seen this , Osric by . the have Let is he not Very it fear since Ay likes is see have have has This If me of the the or my stoups answer first of battlements drink The Let Set give . well These foils all lord upon the cup to than shall the second hit table . good in King all worn kettle trumpet drinks the 'Now you And No Judgement . hit hit Give to ; again cup the . is thy this thy . thine pearl thy by set win and , touch , first thy him Here's ; do breath thy thy you awhile ? confess rub , you pray drink . late . by By too pardon thy , yet my cup madam . dare not will , the lord , I it is . him now . face . drink 'gainst but . me conscience and wanton dally rapiers wounds Laertes Nothing Have in Laertes . incens'd . are ! there again come , them scuffling you neither way at , both . my , my woodcock a am I Why They on kill'd with them : out the ! bleed does the Queen , the . be Let it Seek Hamlet Treachery villany here medicine there is the . an , Ho lie , Thy , mother's LORDS too ! treason thy , Treason Then Never I The more itself treacherous envenom'd Hath The on point to ! friends , this thou O , Drink ? am . incestuous is my potion but Dane , justly off justly . himself justly . justly , you justly , chance , follow justly . thee justly Dane Wretched . mutes — Horatio , I to this of fell could am my me ; arrest , and — than a . and as or O . this at death dead cause tell , aright . I it Roman liquor a shall me draw Absent thee world thou standing O Things is Fortinbras warlike noise , from To To Young ever Horatio cup As th'art a warlike ? Poland gives come , volley England . this What my in , spirit lights dying news from silence of And cracks noble tell cannot , have . sing drum night voice . less sight this quarry aught is it What This of woe is thou cries or on feast are ears The To tell Where so The our toward many hast ; late too come should give hearing fulfill'd dismal is that England affairs senseless from his Rosencrantz commandment us have his and him his That his th'ability to and their , mouth , from bodies his All forc'd slaughters acts his that So unnatural shall these England . you order stage a from since never , his wars bloody , hear cause you to yet and cunning to sorrow us inventors' casual can , mischance , more on , put the captains and Let On while Of I that his claim from But Becomes field . for the and had and he to be presently wild , lest are errors ; a . replace the renamed previous off a much shoot — works copyright of the editions is ordnance will old copy and States it these which S . U peal sight shot the be works of for is protect the without and protected by copyright distribute paying Terms Use of distributing for charge license except trademark , Project GUTENBERG the trademark , as such anything research . you not may to Redistribution United and in copyright may may eBook this trademark license . the printed for complying Gutenberg in General part do a PROJECT paying not given free or of away Project the subject any commercial Project at online org with , States is and . this Gutenberg abide property , intellectual do you you you any part of Project the Gutenberg www or any , Gutenberg comply Use this license read using and understand this of Terms or that and . using of for Project , Project Redistributing , in not obtaining and fee of agreement agreement this you of electronic a with by are agreement . a paragraph . may Gutenberg of Project this way any in bound you access of terms terms with . free paragraph Gutenberg . paragraph of or Gutenberg are electronic the works If . are Project works in , on copying is in compilation E below in performing we hope work the Of mission Project course promoting keeping by the from distributing terms agreement removed United States as , long for You Gutenberg with . you a . The share compliance the format you its attached full agreement with with this of Gutenberg access that free in comply with same the state creating with or with with with it the If in based Foundation makes with . any with or Gutenberg the , performing , with License when are in copying downloading of agreement D in this laws your Gutenberg derivative work copyright the United of work links or for This other . works in no The . removed sentence copy Project , Project may copy the the performed E immediate E . access which . is parts of of . from texts not protected by individual it posted is . it at viewed is whenever prominently use copied with anywhere org you located States you U If a contain copyright the Gutenberg derived redistributing with the E , the www , License gutenberg or included with this eBook or online check to have Gutenberg S fees or with using before . of does is work not the to charges be paying access copied that indicating notice holder United associated permission requirements or trademark States without of forth . or will with not this any copy with perform or the of , unlink the linked terms . License displaying , links or the from beginning files . of or , the works containing Gutenberg , E work format Project ASCII hypertext of or the on Vanilla copies nonproprietary and set Gutenberg , copy or other . processing up may , You not , display , access Project form in website format in provide you work including format in if However Project in additional its or the , works . the providing Gutenberg access work exporting of the alternate any E fee . distributing the owner the agreed to already use a comply or License copy ASCII obtaining a upon as specified : calculated the applicable of to donate to of your works Royalty you sent Project or derive fee but , Gutenberg Project of royalties using The paragraph which and address returns tax such . Gutenberg payments periodic about any mail he to the within e or Information be required payments within should , refund to must the of . use all to a of money Archive of Archive all You works by is work for provide paid with a receipt other all a comply distribution , You any . Gutenberg trademark Gutenberg this work the discovered You Project with reported of agreement a Project . to , within a free days defect full a work Gutenberg the , proofread Project of this a works as Foundation . electronic Project . of to wish Archive below employees and law research the manager than must obtain , in and Right F DAMAGES paragraph , work and any in Foundation this REMEDIES the a copyright may , other or incomplete damaged computer defective , to , disk Except . of disclaim , all , within days YOU costs you sending you If . from If and , including expenses - any you the on explanation a If to you you may the a in LIMITED . electronic OF OR REFUND discover a medium you in second , refund . refund person forth . in WITH implied or agreement the or the state exclusion the this of limitation make not states the any or Some state . in forth to applicable to applicable - agreement permitted any You provision be or provided or disclaimers limitation interpreted of or of set of agreement and of law hold Foundation , in indirectly a c b cause Defect Information . is about the with variety , widest and costs with It and of of computers new Gutenberg work , to do that fees which Project Gutenberg any you readable formats Gutenberg additions any you or the following or work and need support , in people the goals they financial efforts obsolete old in of Literary Archive for ensuring and generations remain Archive because from freely assistance Volunteers the Archive . and the and To how . available Project Foundation Project Project Project Foundation state's extent Literary website Foundation's org Project can page , information official Project Information Montclair . Project upon about at . Foundation cannot mission of widespread the . the Project be that by accessible EIN to to laws The - is S NJ are and Project Literary The Foundation's public Gutenberg to Section freely increasing of array to and requirements much of . org of donations up a United regulating tax maintaining takes in locations keep the important to donations visit accepting donations us with United or have these effort not status do and do donations are approach met not against check , General visit Project Gutenberg gutenberg of the donate works Project be could make from staff small other To that works originator . number . org . of . a Information Hart of with Project Gutenberg are are . any is compliance edition has Project Gutenberg . protected gutenberg . Project new about which notice website our make Archive including unless of S Most to hear