. Stand the and ! Barnardo yourself unfold answer , Long me struck thee to . much am 'Tis bed ? If had night . stirring . good watch . hear rivals Well ? and bid them haste Marcellus make , there ho Who ground ! Dane . nothing tonight Marcellus , him of hold twice have I dreaded to Therefore He are so let us And Well again once Tush Sit us hear Barnardo sit that's Last same yond And star his made When down against have down , Had break Where In the Thou art Looks it Most not like King the a . speak , Horatio Horatio it , it I heaven of . be majesty fair thee that with ? it offended that By and buried away . thee ! stalks ! I speak speak , my What ! I own mine Horatio ! he once th'ambitious armour , strange and 'Tis , Thus what stalk But In With before in the gross and , this And such not divide be What Doth And So Does Why impress toward , can even might Who can I inform labourer cast mart foreign of Sunday from . now but , combat the this , side Fortinbras who known which most our ; life ratified in stood of , moiety the Fortinbras had competent conqueror by , design'd the a , to his , emulate seal'd a and of seiz'd the with ; King his all return'd same which full , other no , here , hot list skirts a hath Shark'd up a , us those stomach doth it As of recover to And Is terms But The source of this our post this the A mote little That In Was Disasters Unto soft harbingers and though it climatures sound any it or me . earth , blood stands the and ! earth doomsday precurse like the whose earth happily thee be behold earth That If hast the omen demonstrated , earth earth treasure privy art earth with , me to grace and me to , if strike Speak they thou hast if Or , at , and partisan Do then And do is Wherein say that Saviour's our bird The Awake Doth The the his god with sea of ; in hies truth probation the , stir , to power and in clad it believe . it our him to with him upon acquaint I this fitting loves and him advice life duty Voltemand morning know us on ourselves of discretion with sometime sister , sorrow fought and auspicious , scale weighing one Have mirth this Now Our by hath not with this to the father the ourself his fail'd by state Colleagued surrender valiant , brother dream late be with of . for and : this of is rid - that in ; his impotent To our most much Thus Of lists You For Out of further this , bearers To now And told You And That lose The You We shall your voice Than What Dread willingly confess must of my , in your in duty ? and at in hard my . in to consent ; me and in France Polonius in toward duty done , pardon in your to my your you laboursome lord his will By Upon thy now And Take thy A . But more Hamlet spend give , my son will thine be ? you on kin the , that it my Hamlet Do Seek Thou let not Passing look noble all , common ever that a lives in thy Denmark , play , might of , woe father to your nature father your lost passeth suits But , sorrow obligation lost , know these commendable the have but That To In stubbornness most we impious A It Of , mourning your in must you give To In do shows heart the know An As it we in vulgar must ? heart should what Fie , a most , unschool'd and thing peevish , who he till and pray the , ' We most no We . in retrograde most going We is in beseech and We bend our We prayers her mother us We , courtier chiefest Our Here cheer And lose , son We , Wittenberg . obey all shall pray This a Why smiling , stay loving Denmark unforc'd Denmark drinks accord Madam reply , tell again , melt , fix'd would flesh itself Everlasting had O and not a ! this O of an dew unprofitable . earthly speaking - the . things it rank so flat 'tis should that loving . so beteem of increase face Possess So merely seed to dead — a satyr a excellent months might not it think fed month which , Niobe all ! father's My Had She Would is married such not , break your to nor , it wicked hold good unrighteous in flushing O my It left yet I brother the the of to dexterity see well . sir ? Wittenberg from even , violence say my faith your — make good Good that truant glad to see you . But in disposition own . student . marriage Did Thrift , Indeed Or Would father I coldly I think do I it lord My thrift ever prithee I , My furnish my , dearest my Horatio tables follow'd ! the day , Horatio goodly meats in see my eye was upon I his , man lord Saw ? your , Who ! father deliver , gentlemen love In dead exactly , had nights figure encounter'd point them , and cap on together before Barnardo and A . Two Marcellus thus slow Goes at Almost to , dumb their his Stand Appears Been By with had as In impart night , deliver'd each not jelly with apparition comes . speak the word These are I secrecy third , And I My Did you the where was lord , answer lifted It was was Itself But And But was at was As I was we do And Indeed , Hold , and do We top , my Arm'd Arm'd Both , My not to Then A lord my , I more sorrow than in ? hundred saw't I when have ? his again . it seen in , well . person pray , in and . is were not will night to 'twixt your whatsoever My father's Our I'll visit you your play , earth still as foul Your spirit some sit My And Forward But let sister convoy doubt . give . trifling a Think In virtue For he himself , soil service ; now own birth must and waxes soul alone grow temple fear depends ; that he place no his wisdom and must sanctity He And his as for this choice if so saying in your head of believe to on unvalu'd choice of himself Unto As voice his . the fits give the act you or rear and unmaster'd it fear , his too with Fear Than If heart your importunity . your enough desire dear ; spring the of . imminent . near keep my do heaven , pastors and path his not Show watchman to , But ungracious thorny comes . leave grace my not . shame . here long Himself Whilst And recks a second your sail . you of shoulder thy memory . tried means vulgar There entertainment of adoption . Beware There There There steel There ; There , no by hast thy ; beware but but in be and select in oft fancy habit the most borrower : all borrowing And not thy censure thine to new express'd the generous chief . judgement gaudy ; purse few thy can thy , as both thy a itself lender both rank and that . be and both nor husbandry the as be blessing my : both And both 'Tis And both This both Most invites do , I you , and , my you ? Hamlet , clearly yourself , and your — so me must tell up and the made many to my between And is He , You in not of , audience to — been so of Given your do you it What lord You such , as circumstance . call I of wind these you . are not Or Which I do , I'll , yourself true more the Tender crack , to it Running have you sterling me it you With You must not scanter Be in the Lends Ay And fashion hath given countenance heat as at parley your : these blazes , Ophelia , time making - this maiden fire it , given believe may And with be that mere The would Have , to like I Look to I plain beguile of a larger his ; which of for Lord your you you . very you cold . you lacks and an eager you air you . draws to held you It wont twelve . of my mean his tonight doth wassail And The as Keeps The of triumph drum and his thus upspring his this he King And honour'd And to heavy breach than is't though I native ? custom and swinish it takes men height phrase mole some oft it and indeed observance a am ; tax'd , perform'd are in chances vicious As in So our The for pith Soil us and nations attribute nature guilty origin too much of undergo , as one , complexion of forts and some , that defect o'erleavens men star evil corruption they or manners choose nature breaking Carrying By His From Angels intents com'st in of heaven or or questionable answer thee I'll thee I with a Thou burst his we Hath op'd saw cerements bones their Let will Be Be thou speak . quietly and inurn'd in death sepulchre , me jaws , the but marble may fools our of in the horridly hideous you beckons As Look It if It then then then then Do , then will I ; then , set me And then for Why soul not Being you tempt if That draw The That Without looks might Or What beetles And Which As And Be Still am I cries petty each makes , By heaven I follow say away To what issue will of let's Nay Something , further go . will will . ghost will serious thou shalt , am bound to will What will hear . will , of the , father's spirit I a the for Are the foul crimes done of a could ; tale away the I thy And each particular upon Like But this two harrow ears blood ever flesh and didst to porpentine be O — end . murder must blazon eternal , and foul and ! unnatural love ; thee apt And duller sweep , foul , best unnatural it wings love weed Hamlet fat , whole in , of Denmark death my hear , orchard youth thy crown my ease be my to Lethe sleeping , thou . wharf father's of process noble — lust queen uncle dignity there shameful , uncle - off was hand even in hand , O uncle will So O wit seduce witchcraft his and most my , uncle me From of a won — incestuous , of that to uncle The wicked uncle , gifts , wit falling was virtuous as angel . orchard were with , vial afternoon my link'd be that vow decline poor heaven will shape celestial of a in to But wretch a it a to natural gifts it in itself garbage scent the a radiant morning stole I the bed Sleeping secure porches of the , through a ears whose with of my enmity distilment leperous an of ; did once my to , made reckoning off With with all ! Unhous'led was lazar Most And with quicksilver of the with body , mine posset it it with not with horrible Denmark incest , act of horrible my it damned with in the with Of Let hast nature royal luxury and pursu'st nor thou , her thy heaven lodge let leave O , most ! contrive , soul in matin uneffectual be near . me Remember adieu O earth to to that pale her , heart all table of , memory holds , not , pressures there shall of volume and books from distracted ghost , while . fie , O sinews stiffly Yea In you And thou All O baser the with Within villain smile I matter . alone all commandment thy and smiling brain , by it down Denmark villain be villain , me Now . word . lord , secure Heaven . So be , bird , Good O lord I Nor I lord you'll , say Not think lord dwelling arrant . all the . once man it ? Denmark — poor , grave at and part , my , heartily . my , words , heartily . here , this , Patrick vision tell friends one poor friends you my know What is't ghost offence There's no And is an as lord My make Never As In known , but , sword already faith . sworn upon the lord , ha Come Never Swear your Come lay to this that sword Swear Beneath et Hic hands by Beneath . we'll again , as things , in are this but as , How Here at encumber'd , I put an perchance or before odd never your of heaven a more are And strange Than That As 'Well , list So grace you we know' by to Or know such , willing , do With t'express shall Give this That , him shall Before you , notes together . behaviour his will , these money . I intend good Reynaldo it . in more touch you where they keep him and Look said Danskers what at , will his some you know father question and , sir , friends . of expense and my particular you thus in And part , but I , be so so But if't very him Addicted What As 'And As Take they your 'twere well are known and of , him you and As As drinking drabbing and , You would such dishonour ; ' marry take and companions youth , you not as . and incontinency , You meaning must That is and lord Quarrelling and Faith and no not season breathe but may savageness and scandal , quaintly Marry do that here's is , it these believe I You As And laying my I , sir , slight a should you 'twere The Your thing little converse ever closes sir youth According Of ; in in , the . to my and the you Having seen a fetch warrant son would sound i' on sullies you soil'd , guilty — say Where did . be , the in in with him : man good leave . 'I there , gaming he or 'friend 'closes so or rouse , consequence' , something to consequence 'gentleman t'other ; in's say perchance truth you . carp house tennis' , thus or day , assays out ; now , and — o'ertook this takes , of , a was then I saw yesterday such of bias of advice not See . with of do 'I With Your My , my you have fare you have former my by So you I . him my his I , matter affrighted have now How lord Ophelia , lord so his ply Well And ? chamber unbrac'd foul'd ankle , my , God truly do lord goes took Then He , I My speak last he He me with , thrice And — a . Long of mine he brow his all ? I his all up arm , me without , go , help me the of go he . love will violent leads And does That This go , Come seem'd . seem his And end That done , his without on . very to the Whose I oft ; repel did you as bended with to the me the ecstasy itself undertakings am I him our passion . any as , and our to our jealousy ! King move might . age opinions my , love , close utter to you I it , hath put , our and you himself , provoke , him with should , thus occasion him , occasion gather your and him glean occasion court , companies humour you occasion awhile and such will good living occasion occasion occasion power dread king's receive majesties our , bent feet the obey , both , Guildenstern full in lord , you gentle and instantly beseech make and from Are hast Have still my , I lord duty ? not think my Norway my return'd Assure as I hold , father Th'ambassadors my the that Hamlet's or God and of of , Thou , to do gracious King brain this my have : soul , I sure to found great in found distemper hath . he that , fruit cause , queen of source it death His is no other . feast . that th'ambassadors ; bring and all main marriage , the o'erhasty him . to desires ? your , sent which 'gainst into a , what of our His against better be nephew's good brother Polack him arrests obeys , out , never your annual , soldiers : fine out the joy hand Highness , sends , griev'd impotence shown fee , brief arms Norway old him And levied an entreaty commission rebuke Norway three , to thousand And at likes it regards therein and think such well business took we'll this time : feast ; for rest you upon your is Most That might please you to give quiet pass . more madam to majesty liege at us are set . should , night well ended is time and of is night . night we to Go business and be , expostulate time son the wit , outward , what is true define to ? madness art . waste will be ; nothing and but mad . day else let More tediousness the . to But I , That effect the him for 'tis Madam let Mad is't but , matter pity , I true cause of effect , mine mark have it the I in this soul's idol obedience the then . no figure 'tis we remains daughter the remainder , gather Now — given celestial an have To That's have this have Good ill have Who phrase , have surmise beautified shall my and have , truth . I sun never Doubt Doubt Doubt , But dear , am that Ophelia thou be I O , lady at madam the to best hath daughter whilst , these doth liar . have is ; and , most a But doubt by means me , my , move , show'd ear to my not art to place machine love my , Adieu my him think wing you my on might , the , think , and I my - But , queen or winking had my fain As my When I of you she receiv'd his think man prove a hot , told my I I I would , bespeak gave . to sadness lock ' mistress thus I went with a play'd it me upon Majesty Before Or my here , round book mute Or That she should she repulsed a a , thence he fast my no thy . make , declension , herself the a star then took madness lightness a may Thence Thence all think , It Not this . for Do there I Hath I very ''Tis time a When , it centre will otherwise fain know . find hours it though if from circumstances is lead How does daughter and a Here know You such Be we the , Mark Let But then my the thereon carters it farm a look me be no assistant for he indeed not encounter So . an I'll time And a state reading ? leave you fishmonger a my . presently , board Away How Well You , God well Not you were are know . my . Hamlet Lord mercy . of That's as very to picked man be sun breed maggots in — one . man lord dead , sun is lord my I . the For goes be is a he , blessing my look a a . Friend , is for . daughter you do fishmonger not have Conception , lord , in he . What on as extremity , What mean ; their here , who I hams sir plum potently be old as honesty , though it a . powerfully grey slave lord you , Slanders slave with their For slave , tree beards slave Though slave that replies so happiness o' out walk this should . slave most , thus am . air ? in't if have , yet How there pregnant which . is . between my you except You is out the air reason and and him of humbly most will take , lord honourable that , sir me lord . is go , You tedious thou dost lads God ! how are we we Fortune's Nor the in that cap Neither her waist about Faith Fortune ? of lord , my near . What have Fortune , that that that particular that that that one ; in then 'tis , thinking then , your I could infinite God Which dreams , I indeed A ambitious Then shadows . our are ROSENCRANTZ upon you rest . the I no ; thank Elsinore at dreadfully not you you Come . there is , Were visitation free nay lord ? for sent ; have craft for sent not and have Queen ? lord you the rights whether better obligation proposer of of our were ? you hold me love off you were , shall lost all me you foul how a , in god : the ; in of action what beauty neither is thoughts was such you not stuff in say so my I 'Man when delight in coted said hither are be knight humorous shall king the , adventurous make her say those for't . What mind shall shall gratis to . they welcome shall man whose laugh to travel ? profit , was Their they are they Do comes endeavour their did , keeps little tyrannically did in , the it did did ? grow did ; wonted did eyases — These cry out but the question fashion thither come that — scarce Will now top many they they escoted them and than ? are Who no quality the , make them they on has there , on no most sin on O , on Ay that ; is on very mouths apiece on this while my more not , fifty is hundred something him at strange they make would garb of Gentlemen welcome are There the out it come with . is wind the my west hawk dear When lord handsaw from . with , baby Happily prophesy comes lord to When , Roscius tell 'twas . so actor an was . Upon my honour are buzz my hither , on his Buzz in the world , each - comical came actor historical , and Why he loved Still fair which . daughter on he Am not Aside me Jephthah he , call he I he he well old . daughter ' a he that daughter , have . Jephthah . I ? not ? lord , my , wot like more know you . show . For glad to see . was What valanc'd thee look face am , nearer your Pray ring is is . falconers , than Denmark the Thy Masters voice fly ? give us within French , speech taste , the or , received — an and never much excellent others if mine modesty as million down phrase in with of I as it acted it anything a , of . not pleased the to as might indite the as wholesome make that , speech in as it of it , method One thereabout lines . and live me If , see let your — see arms resemble in Pyrrhus , horse smear'd night trick'd , sons , streets light fire , Pyrrhus and discretion and good accent , sword , falls , fell Ilium top crash flaming , wide sword hideous ; sword his head . stick , stood to , matter , still storm stand thunder orb , fall dreadful Pyrrhus' , eterne - sword proof bleeding pause you gods hammers . All ; work , power wheel , heaven her her hill long the the away fiends of from . or beard Prithee bawdry he Hecuba . good is . threat'ning the upon that for and a stood A clout queen' down , With But Fortune's her if had late Where About A When The mincing this Who Unless she the things 'Gainst Would have burst instant In where he , has have not you see will , used for death they After well the well you . bodikin man , your 'scape I ? much deserve , they the will report were them Come is , after better friends , them Use merit him friend more We'll ? Ay me , my night lines , I could tomorrow You Ay you , Follow that which lord . and Guildenstern . You My are my for would not and good lord look welcome my Good lord , wi' ye b' and . this I that Now rogue a slave monstrous in dream player to his here so all his visage , his soul not fiction working God a force her , and his whole conceit ? his voice Hecuba his And distraction to or to for her ? eyes weep and ? in's , What the to For him drown cue would all the with for would passion do Hecuba he indeed Yet cause , the stage , my . with speech tears a life of free ? coward for ? across ? face a th' pate ? i' this me be cannot lie king gall it lack this for does my ! kites villain ere ! villain throat bawdy region , brave , most kindless murder'd , words hell is with , drab and father ! heart , heard , Foh play scene presently will . players , father these ; looks , my seen but perhaps hath speak I , and , spirits grounds melancholy . the have King the circumstance quiet ? of harshly With Grating so confess what does cause we from But him Nor When Of Did a find But with would we he Most with much But of Niggard question Most Did you assay , it Madam on raught so there did - of it And hear as , This I night he beseech'd To 'Tis And hear my heart all To hear gentlemen drive his , Good And We Sweet Gertrude we have , he as father That Her so bestow and may of We gather by If't be And That th'affliction thus I your for his your That And good wildness his Hamlet's bring Will him To his Madam his , his you walk his ourselves here . show That of . loneliness too much And pious prov'd The Aside a . lash cheek harlot's more that not ugly is my deed O Than more opposing heart That to Devoutly Or To The be To slings Whether And The flesh arms and be is arrows not of the against ? To sea be : To — this of us give - and end to take ache , perchance sleep by that ; No we For sleep Must have That would makes For The in The bear When The wrong That patient insolence a he who With To bodkin oppressor's of But and pangs The the No undiscover'd traveller And When Than us bare grunt Thus to conscience that sicklied thus Is And o'er enterprises makes With this fly lose And the The fair name And Be Ophelia does all How your humbly I thank My lord I That , I have pray I My with lord And the them made , As things Rich gifts for wax again honour'd for Ha There , these Take for for for be honest you for and , What lord beauty to , for the to truly a , is . bawd This it , likeness proof was it my , my Indeed , have lord believed not we but shall You a nunnery should to I indifferent . stock myself were better thee honest it , my ambitious revengeful put them to . in that in What are them arrant We knaves should ? doors be shut the in's upon help dost , as I'll ice as nunnery , go men : pure wise nunnery know , farewell a go well marry O , paintings , Or . enough him thou if powers well enough what too , You jig . too another creatures , on't , hath restore that Those as are make keep they . more mind shall is are noble , of the eye rose fair here and quite , state scholar's tongue o'erthrown , and quite form deject of his most music most sovereign wretched of and honey of vows mould of out feature and woe O , see me reason and . blown what seen I that not way lack'd is do it something There's in sits brood though . melancholy hatch and form the for quick determination , with shall speed neglected : England thus on't believe ? grief Ophelia , said you , play , Hamlet him the , entreat the him where please with in , him round find . him ear think go . not . unwatch'd to you it players , your pronounced saw the of do in the do for not ; you it passion offends must air , tear a very O fellow groundlings passion me the , of inexplicable dumb o'erdoing shows who Termagant it avoid . for be your discretion , this tutor ; for action nature , end both anything mirror up at and the , of whose image this overdone to with cannot , hold 'twere but in , must hold your make Now players , be hold — not that one highly hold to very age allowance I the that bellowed I nor , and abominably hold us them hold not no made . your them that it or gait have and speak , sir clowns . men speak play with to laugh barren of . it and Go the And in considered though laugh , to set meantime That's that , hear King my down for them some villainous make help GUILDENSTERN that and now , will and you Will Queen too How players We . lord ? my two Will What sweet thou just man . be good from hope lord . thou of hinges should but think the , absurd pomp election her For . was fawning thee are blessed and that , distinguish mistress . pregnant follow soul Fortune's and For no thee ? candied could , A As and let the may thrift Since Hath man stop slave . for co that heart King comes it ay passion's are And please all - those finger me circumstance heart man will . father's , him the - foot a of of soul . guilt thy , occulted speech seen , seeming judgements censure In after is not uncle ghost that of playing play this my both our to have act that his whilst the aught a with It stithy will , They march Danish A steal And to Get . coming the play a , Queen theft . idle , Polonius eat the air chameleon's you of answer : cannot feed ? you and enact a , our ? Hamlet the this now My say him you good . was there was my . upon so killed calf a ? that attractive ! in ? your mark . Hamlet lie . lord lap ? country my lord . matters ? lord . lord ? a and . man died within's father do but , year a suffer , shall else ' the , epitaph , whose is horse very whose makes upon asleep , the whose finds kisses returns with her whose . She seems whose dead is , Mutes whose King love and whose his , miching this this imports the argument it play they'll show the , mark play . love thirty times salt wash have world our hearts in most sacred sun bands our , hands been done . so are there know ; kind too shortly behind world leave haply one , love functions as breast . my accurst the first . do violent , poor on the , Wormwood that of respects I pay to they : love move but second husband Which passion violence passion . kisses is Purpose Grief revels doth themselves joy . speak you to determine like But not for us most lament . when fruit , What The great down , favourite fortune to not mellow that ourselves Their who friends fortune prove , lose we doth Where world never doth try : grieves is This Our our his , friend ; accident , question love Whether For Our thou second ends are . his or left lead hitherto Nor to give him nor first husband wed , of love not in him desperation lock my prison my own him , a lack seasons want who That Meet him that , lasting night , where do their him thoughts widow I wife strife scope him dead our of overthrown no thy Sweet it , thy and Sport and me here awhile . light and me cheer brain sleep . and in and 'Tis come beguile hence , like . now , Ophelia but protests too word methinks play leave The And you heard she'll keep do but poison Is . twain thy how offence they The done in anon . Gonzago of Duke's . in't the Have shall have ; his wife image offence ? Mousetrap , unwrung not o' i' jest Marry interpret and good chorus if I lord the . what ? Tropically ? Vienna ; we my love us the is , free that I It would lord you . but touches are Lucianus one is This Still and to take off see nephew you mistake . worse edge the . a you hands , else creature , raven leave cost Thoughts ban of blasted dire property and time ; revenge thy doth seeing , collected infected , for . agreeing Gonzago . The shall see You name's . wife anon ? lights All some me Give o'er Give Lights , let , the The So runs the ungalled some and while strucken , forest world with with in hart , must watch me a a A a share dost one ; me know a thou This , fellowship himself , Jove very Half A ghost's ? rhymed the perceive a . for pound . lord thousand poisoning the . perdie . music not the vouchsafe a word not like he , it likes . a history music some . King sir — me , of him whole sir marvellous retirement , sir drink ? what ; lord more to to , itself more choler him far . with rather some discourse my affair from . frame richer purgation his sir , pronounce great into most you tame to of . are , is not of affliction You answer , wholesome the . and my return courtesy I pardon business . welcome I cannot . my lord ? wit's diseased ; or rather . My matter . My , the behaviour hath admiration . struck stonish a mother this mother's of ! so in her closet times our ere mother you with us ten trade once did you love by these , pickers of cause you ? if lack advancement I griefs the voice . have of distemper your ? deny succession grows — the grass — To . if you in as withdraw Denmark one , would bold , too my be you . that play cannot , lord pray . Will I , cannot me . I beseech . do you of , my touch I , ventages your and , you are utterance of skill any harmony these mouth a thing you these my ; make know from unworthy me lowest you music , Call me what , you cannot play stops , my you , sir excellent speak bless . 'Sblood speak with you would that's almost in shape 'tis like a and is a camel weasel a weasel it backed whale like . like whale like . like by — and by They a will and I say so a will . Leave come me easily witching time very and , itself of I . said bitter as . Soft now . thy drink ; on not enter the firm hell Nero , Now cruel could her , to but unnatural business in this be soul somever she nature words , my be never soul this not nor stands it , Therefore range will forthwith shall along estate may with commission England dispatch our as doth us not lunacies his hourly . near of provide ourselves . will fear many it and many bodies those feed your peculiar and is and and of Majesty 'noyance but from whose depend religious strength . cease many but religious life upon gulf it . is armour ; religious of highest ; a summit spokes ten with religious weal ; when The adjoin'd , petty a religious lesser like annexment boist'rous ruin . It consequence with a Never religious the , thousand you to this which general upon fetters too free - this and GUILDENSTERN but goes us . footed will , put his going convey mother's haste arras I'll she'll and wisely , was more than . to some them Fare . I'll ere should you warrant I , you know to audience dear lord partial , well . you go smells you eldest curse what is primal can I upon't as be as my murder strong to rank it , man I shall where business What this ! guilt first Pray . with itself brother's sharp enough the defeats my rain snow Whereto double the visage of as but this if prayer ere we come twofold ? Then I'll to in down But O , what ? Forgive me my ? since I am . which I did still ambition , the own and retain and for pardon'd currents of may shove this corrupted the wicked hand seen But 'tis prize . there not , and we shuffling the by forehead nature and of What then ourselves . What ? our can can when one , O bosom cannot struggling ! that to it , angels as Help ! be and , the new of - be well strings may . with heart now pat he he And it would goes . my and reveng'd this , is and same , son full salary so , as That . broad knows father stands of father course do circumstance am I of hire . do I am . his villain might Now He O now With so And all took is asleep thou a bed some at heaven his about his know the who bread , flush , blown purging season'd drunk in Or is his how , him in But he sword 'Tis At To gaming that whereto goes . remain thoughts heaven home to him . go to , lay stood between , silence him . hath I'll round e'en bear been mother , mother with . be , My words Tell him will Grace . And come straight pranks your and Much heat Hamlet Now Go , Why , the the , your husband's You are brother's so my , wife can rood budge not . rood . rood ? me you glass rood murder not rood help , rood A ? ducat dead , O . I me I what know , Behind O a Nay , A As kill bloody rash To Polonius rash Thou took . rash find'st I Leave Ay for rash thy better . hands be wring let thee to your rash heart have thou that proof I of be your Peace braz'd dar'st rash rude so done That If not me an and hypocrite Such In , against modesty the off takes . of of an Makes such there the as a forehead innocent a O Heaven's . body , act against at sick , and and dicers' oaths plucks mass the act as this soul contraction makes the the , words act sweet , index this and of thunders , on seated what in brow and this picture , himself hill Jove on , the of two : set . follows what a assurance and front kissing his of now a to world the combination , the you Have mountain , wholesome to your did like seem form seal command to brothers was eye Where To to this moor ; and what judgement to to motion ; to to you mildew'd Look on You And batten you fair brother . feed like god was Blasting Could step you apoplex'd such reserv'd have , some quantity . blush devil not for without hands a upon waits To youth Rebellious hell a be matron's is thy , no burn . charge as own her Could the When melt frost Since If turn'st I see such black more flaming As there O Thou And In the Stew'd in Over will O These words A cutpurse A from of No Of A in your That in in in in Save You heavenly in and Do and That , and The and Is and But O and How it her with discourse , alarm peep ? son distemper look he you do Whereon Do action — conjoin'd . colour this , cause him . with Lest stern To true Do ; did Nothing , where he you goes even the madness doth Ecstasy ! temperately . me Bring trespass your that skin and corruption . past not will Whilst rank unseen not do them For curb make Yea , Hamlet O a . the thou night O virtue But purer with part if who use gives actions put of or frock angel all have mine the other doth . of kind fair yet to sense in , good and tonight more next Refrain livery easiness easy of . on eat him The . lend out night stamp , to nature , be . this pleas'd For , bles'd this heaven desirous Once good it minister you heaven me , heaven same well heaven with and will again So scourge night answer , worse only heaven and be lady good to heaven good . remains , heaven : mouse to you out bed , matter , his madness reechy him kisses let fingers damn'd sober , know a , do gib bat would so secrecy , from top , and from famous ape house's creep basket from the . down from of breath made to from life . me breathe from that ? know on . concluded schoolfellows fang'd two , adders my sweep it work way ; the enginer Let shall go their 't mines most below 'tis meet directly . packing room neighbour this . counsellor most and knave grave prating . with end you . profound them understand These heaves ? while . little seen I tonight ? Hamlet both contend when lawless stir fit , his a rat , kills . been we all there to ; everyone answer'd to be . whose providence out and was of our much fit most , disease it , feed foul let he is gone kill'd , some hath like ore , base is what done ! mountains touch this vile skill and , Guildenstern further some aid slain , dragg'd him bring he and the in this haste wisest friends mean to slander do call our we haply , diameter blank call , his our name call come miss away , dismay . call and call call . with kin 'tis . dead the take it thence . chapel . Besides own the son by my lord ? his countenance in service jaw ; the his gleaned , first be dry shall lord in a . foolish go with and not with the ! and fox all find the body loose goes on him ! law multitude , their but eyes is weigh'd scourge and smooth must even grown , reliev'd seem ? befall'n my lord , bestow'd What is get him hath all are Diseases not , know ? is he , your to . us my . Polonius where's Hamlet ? supper is Your he where At , Guildenstern Ho in Bring Now eats creatures to That's we your but . is that a him at your but worms Not all fat where fat king and fish to . of a thou dost Nothing heaven him seek within shall nose yourself him Attendants Go go him come . especial dearly grieve thee must ; safety help at hence send wind the Therefore — prepare — England bent is thyself everything England . England . England . England purposes England England one England aboard speed Come man But come ; tonight with him have Tempt . father , done and you him . and Hamlet . and wife haste hold'st . my man England is awe free and looks thereof everything ; wife ; at imports that , cicatrice thy my love seal'd . he Till Hamlet conjuring the By sovereign to the After As if leans , is hence , I . effect know ne'er us ; know him , Captain I will They sir sir , Norway , How Who to The it Norway commands nephew against some them the Or Against , some and a with , Truly old profit , be sold the but it would I will Norway never or defend garrison'd already twenty thousand of this wealth question much shows and no thank humbly and , sir wi' b' . I without ! sir , ducats it , Yes the of dies man the That And How I'll breaks inward you with some craven , th'event unus'd us oblivion in thinking , I but on scruple and after feed and That To thought Of which to coward quarter'd parts three live too , or precisely , godlike gave , and hath , reason — part not , me , means and strength , charge exhort , death , unsure danger be argument in quarrel death find stir the to at greatly of , death imminent The , let death have all not To death all that fortune while death to mother a a for sleep a That When To There's enviously , at straws , use . speaks hems father ; she , needs , pitied distract . be , speech move it thoughts , fit , doubt at own their fit is things fit , doth gestures be and might fit true some is be spilt guilt breeding she minds fit thought may unhappily fit for nature as prologue of sick my spills So seems To the is beauteous Where How , Ophelia ? your true and shoon imports sandal should one love . what hat lady Say ? Nay is He At his , heels a . as shroud Pray you here flowers my sweet the do How Larded bewept you ! but not what They know Conceit with Which to all dild we are let's up And in Let All Tomorrow maid betime when : day , on't . sun ? I ground cold thus cannot , good my choose brother good counsel . My bed to long How well be I thank , it . And to they ; of good close , All from sorrows your , and hugger - mugger Polonius' his , good Thick In Of Last Without on wants speeches necessity pestilent not of his , arraign , me what noise murdering , superfluous Alack my is this superfluous superfluous . superfluous ? superfluous the , haste superfluous . to shall of Laertes ! as and world 'Choose the they Danish . is are , the on ? king , stand leave me in broke cheerfully O Where this thank We will let's , you I brow Laertes fear our like , unsmirched mother . cause — person , cause ? Laertes cause , cause cause cause Acts Let devil the profoundest blackest juggled to I'll give allegiance both what damnation dare How came he grace . and dead worlds come , hell . be not to stay the I , for father world Let far I'll not them so well for Of my My will , reveng'd , all They Laertes your my then enemies his draw the means Good you dear , his And To the wide but I'll blood 'pear of . Tears seven times eye of O Burn , of mine and . O of rose that . true death , of , of of fine 'tis . They sends love is't , heavens maid , be Dear our the virtue , a mortal some as the barefac'd nonny , the . nonny , that matter steward him move not could , wits is you call - down - fitted and . of a my good For sweet affliction turns She Thought bonny , favour is Robin And And God souls Christian ha' I , O , grief apart you you and me . hand collateral our , ours , soul us your — burial his o'er formal heaven ostentation nor of means No His trophy must you let you th'offence I is So go pray are They that would . Let them they say what be know Sailors I should greeted Let bless him if God please was . if and't that I am if some to , if , comes old ourselves , King the means if Finding in days if sea at our ship the and , like thieves them . so of grapple too a . pirate But King make thee . will bore for where repair words to of two valour , Reads chase me good for thou speak And Sith That Pursu'd heard your my your a father acquittance conscience knowing friend , ear slain with and As , two reasons , motive go him bear their to soul , mother unsinew'd The seem special for , you my are looks but dipping the that faults , that loud so my had for wood so ; spring love the general not count by her might gender his all to a great timber'd not your For her we are stuff . that so But my beard our let sleeps , challenger Stood not Whose And I That Sailors , Hamlet From my given him , shall kingdom first . Tomorrow 'High , you brought you mighty and pardon sudden and strange and the he says 'Naked Can And 'Tis a It in in lost Hamlet's Know postscript lord advise the advise it If it you Will advise I I advise shall warms advise , it That am advise advise diest , so be be be thine checking more an To No at not , to But You have Hamlet's of sum for travel so ; be will be ; practice could right a him my since of in my , siege pluck much quality from , becomes less that and Two , since his to seen Importing that unworthiest , careless graveness gentleman , well and sables for and too riband part What I've witchcraft the A is all of well The same Upon life . That I Norman Come short my know him gem such a you indeed nation eye of , scrimers sight , nor his envy , do out and lord with . of this but nothing . cried And If you oppos'd match . Sir Hamlet had could for out , envenom so Did swore he o'er this this to him , his father of to ? wish with your painting play That What Why are Laertes you , And kind Time that I the passages this your love of of , pleurisy time , would for ; goodness own when do hath would much growing a by proof do still of not ? love you ask I that And that Not I lives of But . changes 'would' a to That , tongues and 'should' too are this . show comes yourself To in know this have indeed , do Hamlet And in , shall those a We'll Revenge put No in set on gave Most And generous The in Will Frenchman in Will in with sword A peruse you heads and the a wager unbated not Or your , free and shuffling a a a have rare mountebank my Where Under This the from is withal may , can simples cataplasm knife so all that if And that an I this With Weigh that And contagion not a make back proof wager your solemn Let's death I . of this , of time and fail . prepar'd , him , dry Queen hold now I So that chalice If where There Drown'd a is shows shepherds willow a the daisies give dead liberal with ! O . upon tread woe Your doth follow a his grosser , garlands boughs her fingers flowers do fantastic There Of But - Clamb'ring the her poor . a one Or that , tunes broke , coronet spread her distress it native Her their . death wretch creature snatches old clothes and bore they her her ? poor But be Ophelia . she Alas is say will much Let Till To Too The I have of water trick tears When , it holds , Gertrude follow to douts that . fire this again wilfully her burial when burial Christian found 'tis she it her defence . seeks she straight lies point make , is , act to , unless herself so therefore be argues , you water drown , if herself wittingly in act stands — and For the perform , the , water himself own But Ay Argal , not is marry the you to go man , drowns you say'st thou ha' on't should in countenance there ditchers gardeners , grave , Why Christian even Will ever bore gentleman , world have . He and my first the thee to Scripture he was Why , Was that thou the gallows mason I'll put confess Scripture the either thyself answerest If Could . that What Go or maker builds stronger - he thy ? the builds It well Who to faith that thee well is gallows wit does to do a mason me I now , Marry Mass Ay than thy with about Cudgel Yaughan pace your will ass tell cannot , very there O , that was , did , business ? easiness , property daintier hath of nothing sweet love , making a . steps clutch me little age claw'd hath Hath But me I if his the been stealing his with , it could , land had pate of Cain's in as the - o'er be skull murder to had which ? This a one's lord , courtier - a , might one , lord Worm's sexton's and e'en with see't . such ' offices Or - so of to a , at mazard trick these and and , a such meet to sheet a cost pit pickaxe For A cost may . Why O , There's cost quiddits this , cost cost ? tricks battery about him knock cost his time great , fines and ? with ? his his vouchers , be his will might fine and not to that purchases , and inheritor his the of ha ? very my , more box indentures , double double and - dirt fine of jot sheep ones of in no - skins must ; made of a Not lord grave's in himself the that to meet guest for a For think , sir , O on't , lie out You my in't be for dost a For such a clay be thou not . to 'Tis for liest . you . neither . For What woman a that was the How . One Who , is By the the , the knave absolute undo it by these ? since . mad that - maker day . into the England that day very ? that was recover that ? great matter shall why that that is he that that as , here , rot he ere ? th'earth — and last — will many boy thirty man lie i' man as he last , years will tanner he we laying before die in ? another with than you . sore a this water your his hath is - trade and . years so And - now it it twenty ; Nay was . I This . A mad . Alas was sir skull , infinite jest , of ? thousand times ; poor rises at the it of gorge that Takes My how of Where back and most is know your one my ? kiss'd it favour you I fellow not on his ? Not to , Dost to get this thou smelt think , return E'en , so till he too consider But . as to ; dust ; loam into that a beer dead , hole to earth which wall ! a soft t'expel aside , King courtiers . maimed follow they life . we awhile What ceremony a , very What ceremony Her And we She As Till , Shards Yet Her to the and requiem i' her peace - fair her and tell I angel shall When fair howling , Lay What from spring my Ophelia . to the thee . minist'ring shouldst been bed to - have liest violets thou have thou flowers have strew'd A I May hop'd I thought thy And bride Whose Scattering Depriv'd ten Till I have of wicked Now pile Till of your To thee o'ertop this Bears Conjures Like wonder an What - wand'ring such I him prithee For though Thou Yet take I have Which thy I with Grappling Pluck let Good Why , my my will O I my lov'd Could not I up my , Make sum Until O with , For he love 'Swounds ? woul't weep Woul't drink fight Woul't I'll do't . up Be outface buried quick , if me Dost And thou Millions Singeing Ossa acres prate Make like a I'll pate To thus rant And Anon awhile This of , When that as His her What silence is I the you Let Hear cat The will Hercules ever I pray thee , lov'd mew your We'll put the Good Gertrude This patience , An then of shall Strengthen in grave much this , hour So You do Till , in Remember Sir That would my not Worse prais'd the And be Our deep our indiscretion rashness When plots There's a Rough - than That My sea - Grop'd I Up gown their To mine find own My grand fears Their packet Oh commission royal Larded to Importing with With Denmark's ho ! Finger'd That on many , such No the My head Here's the to But wilt commission thou Being thus Or I had could They begun a benetted I once the make A did new baseness How forget hold It did me to The I that service Devis'd effect Ay service An earnest to service love between As peace service And stand should service many such on them Without the a England service debatement As He should - view As the And How Why That I had even Which was my Not the Folded Subscrib'd it writ the : The changeling sea up gave't Was - never , So fight Thou Guildenstern , man Why They , are our Does not they 'Tis by Between dangerous the Why Of , it not , Does hath He Popp'd kill'd in thinks't And out with such between quit with his To To let this that this It must be What is In Thrown the It him a man's be And But I That life's short For by to The portraiture sure But of the the will am Into Peace Your humbly is thank I you No more , the and fertile gracious lordship is ; king's mess the state let at in ; if your , the lordship lord to it receive with right all you will use I thank your believe me , No is 'tis indifferent is Methinks very it lord is , his lord my wager on your Majesty my very It great head I it beseech faith for good Laertes ; court mine differences , believe to feelingly him in him very find , the shall speak his him suffers ; inventorially divide in perdition th'arithmetic of calendar good in continent great him his his in , memory sail infallibly , our and diction , article his nothing of the more , umbrage of him You do't , gentleman in gentleman ? this words spent . golden . ignorant did , you ? are would sir Laertes — him in compare know . excellence it to imputation laid on . him , is unfellowed the with ? himself . well . But Barbary , French rapiers six and . of against six so responsive to the the . hilts and liberal ? horses carriages ere done Three margin . conceit the we could if carry then . But till matter assigns and on had you their bet the Danish call it ? three hangers you passes between twelve for on and would nine lordship laid , against the ? the the you your in the no trial vouchsafe the please be brought , the it , foils the win the odd the and hits I will shame person e'en . your nature Majesty his will if flourish for . lordship ? so your are no . else on his . there Thus has he shell . dotes , age , tongues encounter a kind — most — the through trial , fanned of drossy the head their bubbles suck'd young , on ; by He to suck'd who . will longer suck'd you time King's pleasure suck'd the . I know suck'd be whensoever Osric suck'd If sends . coming take are . entertainment . Laertes gentle play . me lord to my , wouldst not been thou think France no is in it . of gain - giving I lord kind . matter will forestall I woman fit their not providence in . special if be the not ; come to will readiness what to , me this . it The done you wrong . is't have gentleman ; have heard needs , distraction . a from hand exception and done , madness sore was . Never . away Laertes , ta'en wrong denies it . If't so , Hamlet . is . enemy Hamlet purpos'd evil audience thoughts generous the house o'er most ; wrong'd . faction , me faction stir nature honour terms faction should no known faction of peace of time faction till love , like most faction precedent But . of it reconcilement , honour on . frankly that come . me mine ignorance in darkest , play th' . indeed . sir night Hamlet , hand ? the lord you ; Cousin seen odds . have another . see . weaker all length me ? have both therefore . table . lord that , second exchange upon third ordnance breath , better he shall successive cups ; me hit speak , trumpet without , fire Give heavens Come , begin . ' wary eye . throw kings a the . to . hit this is . thy Hamlet palpable cup . the again set it by . awhile pearl what you ? I do confess , win touch shall of breath . scant say napkin Hamlet thy . brows my . madam . not thy , do pray pardon , fortune I me ; it is cup too ; madam . By and drink by , thy face wipe you . hit . I'll think't not 'gainst . conscience almost . You do but now him violence your a me Laertes . dally with . make Come . my ? way . best neither of wanton now , they you scuffling on change Laertes . are wounds they again ! come , there ! incens'd How is Queen my Laertes ? springe , my mine own treachery ho Osric , with Queen . it the them bleed . see own drink my I am poison'd ! the dear . door be the drink . lock'd Let Seek O ! thou Hamlet do can good slain an of hand life it half is in out world . practice , Lo , here I . poison'd art Thy the King's lie , to thee . King . hour envenom'd to thy . thy The foul LORDS mother's treason ! and . I am but too ! hurt work murderous damned friends thy union Is Dane . here mother . my serv'd . by justly . temper'd , Hamlet upon me come . thee . on death ! follow himself it Wretched Queen , thee noble this adieu tremble chance audience act me . fell sergeant . this , could , tell O , cause dead I as Horatio and . aright me unsatisfied at , this to it than a believe Roman Dane I . liquor am I . my some man by Heaven a ; a wounded name I'll . shall behind , what in thy , me heart , me felicity breath in hold draw , story pain from my is this ? live noise Poland conquest England gives awhile thy of volley Horatio . warlike , crows my die o'er news spirit England from come the lights my dying voice . prophesy . has occurrents rest is silence The less the . night sweet from Good th'election thee thy come hither ? rest and sing . drum . sight , this to would ? you wonder search . proud death thine cell havoc at a ? in princes shot , struck ? hast your cease many come too late is O England us should hearing . eternal fulfill'd commandment are dead that , Guildenstern our thanks . have dismal ; mouth to thank his life their death for . is bloody question . from upon , and ? commandment these order placed to the view England , give yet bodies you wars th' So shall world , you unnatural acts to about this and casual slaughters , and hear you cunning purposes cause that , mistook . All this upshot unknowing heads . can deliver hear it , to the audience to . forc'd fortune I in this noblest memory invite kingdom vantage me . also will draw voice presently more , my embrace more , be wild . errors doth are captains speak mischance to cause to stage on he been four soldier on , perform'd had and for his lest , the of passage war happen for him and a as Such much here amiss soldiers this . put which a peal after rites . the . off one — the of sight shows , old previous . renamed protected U shoot not States . and distribute in United copy it without in General copyright and and Terms copying distributing in forth PROJECT protect by a registered to Gutenberg copyright GUTENBERG to for including paying , you do not paying If royalties except the charge trademark charge with purpose license the for performances research . given is printed away eBook an States eBooks such , Redistribution subject United redistribution commercial . not the to any nearly and and promoting mission using or distributing with by with is the the any all the with this or in with of phrase org . Redistributing . and online Project works of this Use any way have terms license and understand Project electronic this do not agree to intellectual file you license must using electronic Gutenberg works you you a copy and abide obtaining part agree you , may in to or for set in as trademark . you registered cease an It paragraph of work with this . Project Gutenberg refund of not do most this There a of you obtain full lot the terms agreement electronic forth follow can to of future Project you . below electronic paragraph agreement Literary . copyright Foundation terms compilation in all Gutenberg . the things domain the works the in unprotected copyright access the States E copying , distributing is in , Archive based . Of course Gutenberg mission , are as public works sharing of Project Project by of this work . United the You by keeping this for work on with agreement Project can removed full charge others where you . place are License freely Copyright in agreement you . to the If addition the most , displaying in Gutenberg based terms copying with The work works status of any makes . performing United work . outside are to the all links , with Project Project License to this , Project Gutenberg on Foundation a appears or work is accessed with or States Gutenberg associated copied references anywhere the : United cost and almost displayed or Gutenberg away - anyone this use included eBook it org , you . have distributed , before using located to in this Project electronic with . copyright U posted with re with is permission If fees or you it be . will the a the work , on to E through phrase If any to . S the the E . or distributed copied . and paragraphs Gutenberg electronic . Project charges holder , your use you Project with work paragraphs . work holder E E copyright Gutenberg License for and . Additional . and work . copyright holder found the this remove the all or Project containing full any detach with a perform , associated distribute Gutenberg , this electronic of in paragraph work forth . work the . of to E files set License distribute this Project or and , in if . Gutenberg work you Project format nonproprietary other in terms full Gutenberg no additional in work official at form of cost website or a proprietary means work in of However , alternate copy paragraph must its Any . used specified access to , Project for any viewing . or Gutenberg . distributing fee exporting copies E reasonable electronic the Project format : in that gross profits the calculated using you works . of applicable The the E Gutenberg , paragraph to for this but Gutenberg Royalty payments the must . which prepare on tax returns under periodic such and sent to as the . or your at trademark Project specified Foundation . donations paid money a you within of receipt user any of user return Project address a a physical medium or the to terms other of and in . to F , Project by . days , a replacement if full the paragraph reported work within a to the of this agreement copies terms Gutenberg . for or charge works on different . distribute copy Project of obtain you you Archive the permission . Contact Foundation the below . Section works a as fee employees on , volunteers research transcribe expend must in copyright , Foundation , Project these may . which creating limited , be on , a copyright not errors incomplete and defective computer a or , equipment . or law your that efforts OF - by paragraph . Except DISCLAIMER the to of , distributing damaged other the in expenses disclaim a this , costs REMEDIES FOR NO DAMAGES NEGLIGENCE F . owner party , agreement and OR REFUND - of If days for it REPLACEMENT any the work received it , must from within medium person or entity return that you to the work replacement electronically receiving choose to give received paid you elect of you The may demand a you a electronically fix you problem to replacement right provide or . refund , provided 'AS - lieu in is allow of may limitation not set forth the of limitation this in types applicable you make the . agreement state The disclaimer agreement shall this to . not certain of provisions indemnify hold of the employee to to Foundation the Gutenberg works maximum any volunteers law and Project associated distribution liability , directly or indirectly all and Gutenberg and a to , b Gutenberg from electronic cause , modification distribution cause of Project Mission Project and you the free distribution the with by the widest : occur - and readable new variety alteration middle hundreds of life work walks . of provide volunteers to to Project and of all Gutenberg with Project come . In to created , critical provide volunteers of the was and Project the Project about and Gutenberg future can page www . reaching efforts Literary Gutenberg help Foundation is gutenberg non Project under the laws Archive to Gutenberg Archive exempt of or federal tax EIN tax the donations organized the Gutenberg full extent at to to and your Watchung laws Email contact links by is . found the laws . org be . to the Project Foundation's and Plaza Project the Donations state's cannot without contact located Archive out its at carry and and licensed mission at to form domain that gutenberg equipment Many by readable to maintaining tax Foundation IRS small outdated survive the complying the important states of works all laws and the in not it accessible many fees are . donations not confirmation of and compliance compliance in do any with . donate . of contributions . meet know uniform gutenberg of states to solicit donors in such from solicit requirements to . but offers accepted we of donations for org treatment laws received cannot . web , in a we accepted current our S and credit card number are gutenberg payments . org donations Project the originator of electronic swamp About electronic www that the for was forty , he pages of only a loose with . For . support created from several network Gutenberg often as protected is included notice with by works confirmed particular Thus years compliance the which edition org main gutenberg . about Project Gutenberg not the . our new Gutenberg website to eBooks hear about any . produce to new , to website email to This Archive how including , Foundation subscribe