me Stand . Barnardo Who's . King He come . to heart Have a sick thee bitter , Francisco . guard 'Tis . you , there the ! ground . night And . Who you . you - is to Dane night . soldier , Holla my has place , is thing have piece what again nothing good , hold seen him come along . but belief . our , appear . tush may Tush let hear us we star thee The yond now it his burns bell Look . dead King to , art it the like figure the Peace offended . heaven stalks is it , See ! How What something you You will , Horatio and not . pale look and . believe this ! combated armour , th'ambitious thou ! like eyes and sensible own I God Before Thus , hath at to thought before stalk particular some down same and strange sit , and subject of , that watch , most tell cast mart daily implements of the why foreign for not And So now Doth make What the is't Who Good Why nightly toils divide night At might the this so Dar'd as Thereto to on you prick'd the even That by combat Fortinbras his with ratified know known by , Hamlet , compact King last us Norway , seal'd world law , Did Did For Against he to unimproved . mettle Norway of appear ; list , the as by the design'd article competent those seiz'd he stood of which inheritance To been of a up in Hath his post and rummage no think this it may armed our be it was That Comes watch it is watch to the watch graves most The watch the A watch and mote Well watch watch stars Disasters in with squeak In Was even And Did As Have heaven harbingers influence sun of fire Neptune's of the it and it , ease do any , Unto any Lo blast sound hast thee be to privy Speak speak the womb , in country's ! foreknowing may of thy and avoid fate to me , majestical here here will it if . not stand . thing crew mockery invulnerable cock morn the to air , violence , hies , made And object , confine present faded in god with Doth The Awake , his To Th'extravagant Whether This It And Wherein say that birth all that Saviour's of they are wholesome , No The then So heard morn in do is power planets time , advice my clad high , will loves shall pray , To memory yet Though bear With In mirth With one in funeral , and herein all you that , supposal dear . nor ; 'twere scale wife to With Now better , our by He Our thinking a with Colleagued fail'd , ourself most Lost by be this To The with to Of business Giving his , full Norway , good of You Farewell all , that and doubt , suit told We ; To In : it , of cannot us You your voice speak of offer , to native wouldst reason What That is Than the more my Dread though my in , confess to them and father's must wishes bow Have He Upon my I hath , beseech hour , cousin graces laboursome petition By do thy thy But than and and at it time be thine , kind , the off i' . sun colour on friend vailed to seems ! my inky cloak good black , I know , seems eye , father survivor bound , to Fie most know will stubbornness obstinate To In sorrow lost a the But a term persevere ; common cried earth to throw that whose opposition sense , heaven to is , a theme nature , as peevish fault to our , We , dearest back that Take Do I chiefest in going impart to courtier mother to and son our . Hamlet eye remain : desire our . you we is school toward , not Wittenberg , my and obey you come ; tell grace clouds shall shall today . Hamlet whereof , again , away drinks Come . God ! dew fix'd world and O had flat it things uses this an should a dead merely seed come to not ! in unweeded much so and this nature to to , mother of . so not Why increase of beteem That . grows That two A all tears longer My Would O Frailty month on't think her Frailty Visit Must what fed Frailty , my Why — beast followed — more like Frailty with unrighteous most . but or which Frailty little me Let Frailty father's break But Horatio I glad or to your you My what , with lord ever you good that from I'll , enemy lord . no report ; truant Elsinore I , make . is to My lord prithee not you see me your you of hear make my own your your see my deep affair . wedding hard . bak'd Horatio in funeral upon . day , mind's Horatio , all . saw him again . yesternight father King , my My I a look was My nights thus Goes encounter'd exactly , middle figure , cap and had , together God's For Marcellus dead Two before truncheon's jelly length secrecy dreadful them they , hands Where I with thing speak the whilst : to to third had are I third , night not deliver'd both true impart act surprised eyes , This . they more not third you These the third apparition third It up made , Itself third to motion third it like as loud away , watch . yet : head it ? lifted My it the it from my think And we And live And I did it writ but know let Hold my , and watch troubles . Arm'd We MARCELLUS . me down it . our true ; 'tis Indeed , From do ? you , face to . foot his beaver . in up . had much would Most , tell with Very It I Nay fix'd constantly . long , like very moderate was seen have it no , when I saw't ; warrant it I my hold to speak me bid And Let it hitherto in Give If you be my peace though sight you pray should , gape , person I conceal'd your hap silence . tonight still , honour to you . well come men's his ? that doubt a it For Hold Hamlet violet of a suppliance the No and permanent , fashion the nature more , sweet No Think crescent bulk inward thews And wide ; does it no alone minute lasting ; soul now Grows In for the , himself greatness The And The It your in main too credent may withal goes songs dear your chaste prodigal the : sustain , desire moon disclos'd liquid Out Than Fear And Virtue it you in the and is infants of calumnious the unmask her morn And Be to Show wary itself to not puff'd steep heart as a rebels though good But . lies safety th'effect way rede , dalliance . But me not . a a Do me Whilst the like recks O And Laertes fear treads path primrose leave your father , vulgar adoption ; Beware : Costly thy Take do dull hatch'd a ear quarrel few thy steel in of tongue , tried comrade but beware but of with ; they not every Give Of each For loan borrowing select most Neither in in habit fancy th'opposed may man thine each apparel oft And And : I do ; take blessing be , to the a generous proclaims and oft rank in station well servants leave my as false this season in lord it key . tend and have in 'Tis you keep memory my If And that in do time you your What Given be behoves of — me Marry Ophelia is't touching Lord , well bethought private so believe Pooh ! Affection know I He his ! affection , between it You my ? these Tender yourself a what my , have to Marry , are , Or That , do And fashion Running — not you sterling he In the . you wind of you'll hath thus it lord not You in springes blood heat as for to a Set parley entreatments than to how , light tongue the Giving not may Believe Not I not better like . This unholy sanctified mere of The would Do And Than As Look which and bawds show brokers , with implorators beguile plain terms the your Lord come lord . cold season the . struck It . heard Wherein ? think I Indeed it spirit does What wassail And Keeps as The mind Ay though , The it Is is't , west takes height . not in men guilty origin his of , drunkards , and with other indeed of o'erleavens defect ; take as grace , pure as Fortune's of dram evil , me , com'st King me bones burst canoniz'd thy Have , cerements thee his their saw ! and jaws , moon the , corse dead , So thoughts With Making Hath hideous we glimpses the horridly beckons ? this the to and we ground . follow . fee pin's as immortal a that it it at the can thing forth What It Do , do waves That the there And if o'er dreadful beetles The you tempt you , me to might deprive place hears it into some base Think sea into other sovereignty of of flood . it , of my more puts , into desperation , brain to beneath roar me , still follow . you thee . lord cries body this , go hands each cries am Still , I heaven say cries He Let's ! make , cries As And I'll Unhand me lion's cries gentlemen . me cries cries . him Denmark this state imagination is not 'tis issue the what in let's , Speak ? thou hour almost is to . I'll go no . hearing serious flames , come Speak To When , but shall unfold . bound what not art Doom'd And Are Till harrow up thy could the burnt To Would tell the a So Make ears thy Thy And Like each If blood ! Revenge and To of didst his Murder as Murder ! strange , this O most But , wings as . of noble thou . beast , gifts the shameful , soul , with ! power that that won and his virtuous was , have the were it radiant celestial . the within scent on afternoon Sleeping of thy uncle stole vial orchard morning of heaven will never did ears in whose , of always secure the in Holds juice be My That The With And porches cursed of And curd , and alleys of through pour blood enmity an Most The Cut reckoning , my my queen of the in with it milk the of it vigour a wholesome a was - most and thin And lazar like instant blood , my All And I but imperfections , unanel'd the for mind in of bear most on horrible O ! crown made thy and - those to If all nature thou and royal head my hast A But mother worm 'gins , you all Taint not howsoever ; to fire the ! the grow fie thee instant old seat Remember . while the , I shall the All wipe from the trivial the forms observation all table my all live shall the thee ? heart my a of globe , up . O What , Hold ! heaven ? you couple I'll But distracted ghost records holds , pressures memory stiffly this thou away , book the books commandment matter most , It , smile At That O least one Within with , O villain and it are may adieu have I sure smile , so me a be I Meet it there is MARCELLUS Hamlet lord sworn't lord Within . Lord lord ho my bird . come ? be So ho noble my , Within ho is't my tell my lord , heaven . by , and heaven my , once lord . dwelling , come the all at the hands , you , more we every is Look wild I'll desire man and hath shake To , right so I , as for go business fit your For as are but Yes , For It I'm Yes offence , no There's Touching let what my you and HORATIO Nay lord but . I . I faith Nor In , not , tonight . faith sword . my lord , my , thou the lord my my . ground shift we'll , Then . by this Hic et old worthy said , day night and And pioner mole Well With As 'Well , to Or such of 'There some 'We — this speak' me ; at To That As , you list you know grace Beneath Swear . your and With , rest , my what t'express And do , still And God May willing your I , The That money Give I do marvellous Before My who and , what well . in good to . make , they finding more , question and it him friends Reynaldo ? 'not ; rank wild on so none that go may dishonour , far so quaintly know . in the but : unreclaimed a his ; mind of taints flash and general you But you Ay Wherefore you you Marry is soil'd my , sir you , you my of , working , sullies little would or consequence be assur'd crimes prenominate 'gentleman' — leave ! did I marry you rouse gentleman know something to Where . this Very , At saw the , ay 'gentleman and . ' say , you ; ' so or 'friend There then He closes with him , falling 'I , or was him brothel By son . you , and wisdom indirections by my With And bait lord I , you shall my him I his And Well Farewell lord . lord , what my With in as hat And No Pale with had , for , My been What to length my Long hand the — to such . shaking stay'd he so arm held and draw his other the , do I truly but thus perusal it He his he As And Then a head thrice last falls sigh to his without light ecstasy desperate undertakings , property will very will go their way over seem with seem'd He And , my I No What you given him ; lord access him sorry quoted That Whose have did repel am that . thee it for as . with wreck seems cast ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves . King . ourselves ourselves move to Guildenstern I have you heard long so the it of from you than So And That Moreover cannot dream so so Resembles I being since Some aught , him of So gentlemen To To That , hath unknown lies . If it and gentry us king's a and your whom For sure Good Whether much as to , us time two he open'd time I more adheres time men so profit am time us , time into thanks our time of visitation As time And Might , by Guildenstern you gentle gentle commanded freely , at in . and To Thanks Thanks much I , And bring these son gentlemen our Heavens My And and Pleasant to . amen good . news , my my I as you good been the Assure and , lord my , still Thou duty my I to speak O Thyself do news Give to th'ambassadors . found hath that , and that ; Norway ! friends greetings be Upon father's Most fair a Say so borne in Highness look'd But Was Whereon old three Norway of before ; and fine obeys out in his against , those shown , pass , feast we'll night . is , is time time madness mad flourishes . and , night well to : ended duty what the soul outward of expostulate and , effect ; remains And thus . Perpend cause is , by this defect , remainder the then cause defective effect a , I Thus Hath an I will be faithful Hamlet stars to ? her , love a move fire , believe not to Adieu reckon . honourable faithful what But and think a it seen so man of ? bespeak thy star advice . idle or , think , work , book - might dumb : went to round desk the sight into by madness a , no be not 'Lord must Admit repulsed , all wail thence , Hamlet a prince And then out his I I precepts tokens of receive took sadness and weakness declension , he think may And wherein , of a this fast — this very such It Do Where centre from that it a , time prov'd if , is circumstances I , I'd so ? will were be find hid it , four further it try though this If You How him , not , to daughter . then , carters and will his If an behind a assistant We farm be loose the Be encounter keep sadly I , board does But Away him presently the look do my - my . me Hamlet away man lord my so . fishmonger would Have maggots That's true a , the . world as Honest breed of this sun if daughter How not at you gone , the again matter words extremity to't . daughter on fishmonger , do for , my . Still was ? he that Aside . him I I speak my youth I Words is who slave you slave that sir slave Between mean . slave . be not , they wrinkled the slave I , Though Aside you potently with beards Slanders slave hams yet , Indeed replies sanity slave that madness ? air yet backward out the be delivered lord contrive suddenly , prosperously that means I sir , are from me anything that will . hits pregnant reason and . you daughter leave sometimes . more . life willingly of my and my him I life life old . lord my he you well my the , Fare tedious Lord save Polonius lord sir . You ! lads dear indifferent Fortune's Happy On As friends How thou of the soles Neither are we dost how both Ah . very - the do ? her button Guildenstern . ye not we cap are that in Nor not the shoe ? the we she . Let the at me deserved , my one goodly Denmark being are the in ; none to you think there which We then , Why could dreams Which merely it in it makes 'tis ; it count very a . bad your dream substance I , heroes by it that of the fay , outstretch'd my dreadfully rest most make friendship no other ? occasion for But at you what lord too ? are even am I , friends your . that ? Is my own . Come say dear thanks , I but . nay free Elsinore my , I am with To dear kind looks good my conjure ? thank ? there the the proposer of . sent and . my were lord ; have you sent hold me , discovery I forgone my mirth a so to , fretted me a how foul , feather prevent anticipation my all heavily my . seems goes lost no me air the and you will ; form piece earth the indeed canopy , majestical excellent goodly this other a . in faculties appears like an the , receive king sigh not me He of plays the , say make the What those for't shall lungs or the tickle are in they his , use be they from , if hither the ; the lady shall shall players they profit How players Even players Do players players the hold comes How No players , chances inhibition , was same endeavour their of , aerie are berattle most , tyrannically and are keeps eyases clapped for't so quills . the so they , pursue , are like most afraid rapiers children they if their much been , sin no to there means make quality children they them , for the do there Do , the about the brains those forty , it away ? too . entertainment like ceremony . players . Your hands in , King of , 'Sblood players welcome are . picture his than Elsinore if find Elsinore . The you deceived are southerly Elsinore come me Let which Elsinore must aunt ? is Elsinore appear fashion extent north . outward but Elsinore second them too gentlemen . his ; twice to come a out at ear an it indeed so tell to you . Roscius You Monday Rome Monday Monday . lord Monday . Monday in an Monday Monday comedy tragical , or historical poem the no well daughter my , not . well follows that my Nay follows . a For glad you it , lord look is , my than to What your God Masters anything , see thee young when ? nearer in . all pious my thou , altitude a once , for as was but remember was speech us . of taste fly . ring give falconers , my What a the once a . within to't French Come like . of in phrase set than speaks line , at . very by , and , begin affectation of , in such But scenes , matters the , chiefly , Hath Now is he more this lay his couched dread blood he now heraldry With That thus vile To And Old So , carbuncles o'ersized like , with gore and wrath hellish . accent sword , his hideous crash stick stood head a with . his painted often as But to tyrant the will against the the to th'air and rack and the storm stand orb dreadful , still thunder pause , matter , below some Pyrrhus' , nothing , eterne forg'd work forg'd forg'd forg'd , forg'd forg'd ; on sleeps say . Prithee , in caught loins up for a robe , flames that , and o'erteemed husband's malicious have see she make tongue treason pronounc'd . the not sword of things made And have milch , you colour his players were you will merit , Follow Dost hear me ha't We'll lines , We'll which night . We'll We'll . lord We'll We'll and good friends We'll my , I'll We'll . my Good lord and in so all distraction his this wi' b' rogue monstrous a it what Is force from in That Could broken forms What's he should he the would the What would Hecuba he drown ear the appal horrid stage speech free , and general the the very dull Make I Had The And With Remorseless what , an That I Why , to like my a , And Must by guilty the struck That A Have Been , it . murder observe If I'll quick The the I have perhaps weakness shape , and very is and pleasing the devil potent than the conscience . me be T'assume As Out More Wherein you The such with me he Abuses I'll puts and on this of to he feels by forward be no himself madness And He he Most But But When do we receive Did would bring you gentleman his demands ? of told him , joy , court we order . before about the already . entreat true most and me these to Of . a certain kind they are him Majesties delights . much ; your matter see hear beseech'd ; give , Sweet Gertrude we Affront Ophelia by as closely 'twere sent father may That Of Will Hamlet's , your will your To I your his : your him your walk That Your loneliness too And pious prov'd — your bestow your Ophelia The is deed coming him my to the O heavy Let's Than smart harlot's cheek to ugly , withdraw . And To us oppressor's pangs The sleep For Must we that The patient he grunt The who And No that dread country rather whose death , spurns delay , have not ills these the unworthy his the us of hue bear the bare The makes with of regard conscience thus And the o'er their . Soft you orisons , moment and pith name The How I have lord pray I My I That I them these wax There , rich ; their sweet breath perfume lost compos'd when ? when , when when prove lord you when honest ? commerce admit with transform than when honesty from honesty now when . can honesty of force paradox better , proof bawd honest my have sooner will beauty and , to it but . honest we I more I made did , believed You were better was you lord put ambitious , to give I none your father and have I be thou the relish me ; for it but my , knaves he my that house , all nunnery . Where's believe fellows as upon in's O as thou dost , the thou but fool lord doors marry , and I'll : as . paintings yourselves make more creatures more live , of a nunnery have heard men , well and you God Farewell . hath , your but , sword , of ! reason , and deject most and most , fashion of Th'expectancy O , courtier's The with I have seen , woe way a ecstasy unmatch'd That noble out bells sweet . O affections his which like Was what he spake madness the not that soul still What think himself do It The from Sprung You of his . of well in expel to : different his beating , commencement , with she let it lord , do commencement Ophelia ? grief the round , commencement commencement To all not need it if Let To commencement his mother her please commencement shall ones in unwatch'd . great It , many . lines it mouth the hand - crier I pray my all say use may I speech wisdom Your be so it to you I to offends the must groundlings O ears the capable such of Pray fellow a Herods , very to soul beget a most noise the rags - I Be not Suit the your hear are . I to , Now image , and , make pressure hold the let whipped nothing you avoid o'erdoing it . special the for the unskilful which , O the . her there scorn as , the feature have and accent have . praise have strutted humanity had , having nor have man the have imitated journeymen And on some have villainous . that reform'd . altogether we have for some , and . Go shows play your that of question a of make my of work ? ready . Bid Will you , art just service a flatter from I thee , be good the but Why , should tongue hinges pregnant hast lick mistress fawning distinguish herself men thee was Fortune's , thou suffers rewards those nothing Fortune's please pipe a is sound That are blood ta'en Hast they she Whose As Hath , man not thanks so are and And . too ay . of of comes , it play thou I One There In It is not damned Do a As march , i' of you How faith - have with : the They are . A coming flourish nor mine I I No , did Caesar . to him of What , th'university my I was enact a brute did Julius players hither To Lady No my , lord my , I country do you your . you meant head my Ay my . a do died but ? two man . within's lord my ? lord and hours 'tis , Nay , then , your only , sables . memory , churches very , her whose finds pours whose dead in makes and the whose him O and whose bank suffer whose comes comes away whose lord is . my What means this this show is they'll mallecho ; mischief means it , argument . not you meant to what tell show you'll this fellow us tell to . what ? means Be are you you stooping beg prologue a this Is Neptune's And About commutual most sacred bands . moon fear know , must : state of done sick Yet , love holds hath it nothing I former , the great love fear doubts . you leave functions this thou rest in ! breast . the first . behind world : kind to love leave must I , My second kill my but husband in bed . break thrift speak slave , now oft what time , the on mellow that they , but the but we do I base A now When pay , we is . validity poor determine Purpose Which Where own most grief our of mark aye , what forget passion in ourselves violence revels ; The The enactures for question down advanc'd doth on else with left needs want 'tis even love lead And Directly a friends lack tend ; change prove fortune love hollow his enemy , friend a try begun contrary still do doth . dead , wife it If widow ever should break I she , Sweet tedious grow My Sleep rock ? methinks word . much keep too like how Madam lady no heard do Vienna Lucianus one , nephew you are This gall'd jade wince ; have that a and keen are faces you and your . Come , the raven croaking , rank season hands husbands begin , ban On With th'garden murderer , for's in frighted with false ? Gonzago's . of Italian the lights . light some , All must feathers . of , sleep . For this fortunes get , shoes Would turn Turk Upon Why ha ! Come , the then some like not . Come , recorders comedy , poisoning it not the ? him distempered drink his in lord rather ? With , what , marvellous , The King Is No , my put tame you . in mother great wildly into show my The Queen Good commandment please to not lord you of affliction . to not are the I my . wholesome pardon to the but she , you no Then answer a , son with in of mother go ? ere our closet Have . stealers You and you cause once did distemper if , what own door Good She We she you by himself ? your ? of . deny . King surely to your do bar you why . unmannerly too play pipe ? with — grows as bold do a toil . lord . ventages and the I any , breath eloquent with your Look music cannot you , unworthy know skill utterance thing a know as these , my me sound of much is there would to of to you you though what upon . play the You me you stops my excellent me sir with you would bless By you lord Queen mass see Do is a whale and by whale a . a shape camel weasel . a like and fool me the . top out , night Leave of itself friends time and witching . Now , soul somever words never be , you my in give To stands , nor Therefore may will and peculiar life bodies strength single keep Most The live keep holy to commission shall forthwith not is it your Majesty . those feed is but of doth rest much the fear ourselves We many To many bound more . massy , things lesser when consequence petty which ten adjoin'd ; upon from alone the huge on Fix'd haste We For , pray you now I Arm meet said a it tax him home , will and goes too us . mother than she'll convey his mother's , was said , my , to tell you , my lord , should , bed dear you ere what can : as ! upon't will — cursed brother's with I double as bound begin blood , this if snow as rain enough What defeats shall Though murder my man pause itself it thicker hand first heavens . fall look come But Forgive I me O which did and th'offence ? possess'd my ? death as bosom state ! can evidence Try what what true teeth repentance wretched ! O What , 'tis gilded In limed more knees in can Yet Even In his to it , heart , so . That do his O so now And I'll praying is scann'd ; as thought save heaven , soul blown then : blown , rage hent blown horrid about his blown mother and stays blown sickly . blown My be black ; rises ; it ; This , but may th'incestuous drunk asleep ; a ; relish goes ; thy damn'd in't , pranks will him heat you hath screen'd lay with here stood e'en . him . Mother you coming me warrant I him bear home , Fear mother , hast you , my thy a wicked with question , Hamlet matter forgot What's how with an you me so brother's shall not . budge can a glass , up of you part you set ? do thou What How now ho ! help , A rat a what know bloody as Almost Nay A bloody what . Ay As and marry kill . better busy . made be your . be . hands custom it me of wringing . Leave And If . That What Such so done That From this , and what at sick , upon here Is Yea rhapsody A The See counterfeit loud me , so Ay act , the on this brothers this An A lighted on god husband is was Blasting this ! mountain Ha it moor a love you his This a The a a a a judgement judgement judgement Would You cannot judgement upon not you to it judgement sense , reserv'd feeling hands O hell , judgement at difference in such without a . or eyes thus Eyes And turn'st eyes mine speak in speak , As Thou O speak Hamlet into such bed making speak . more in ; murderer A speak a part the kings , speak stole . mine lord . not cutpurse A A shreds would me with your patches . in No hover more shelf A villain of it from put You The Is but to Do , important not thy amazement bodies her . works soul . her , with Alas bend how Speak is't eye on your it weakest on between , you your hairs stand O , how thy Whereon Look conjoin'd cause — you on and ! this him form and effects Lest make with Do preaching look convert me . of . in life glares stones you I you for , upon this speak tears cool the Then what piteous you at all ; nothing but . portal ! at out ! madness not . place madness test , the ; love - to unction and Confess past do the vice Forgive fatness of for of me these this pursy weeds my to hast woo what ulcerous within , all , yourself is ; bed eat , good . him beg it in of worser my heart twain of next kind and not ; nature easy stamp devil not , easiness not doth sense you not purer the it . change not the you you when I not not I me beg . For hath , or the more night throw him more but heaven and again . good be to lady bed do you kind bid , kisses his to I again call you no by bloat , Pinch Let the paddling him in Let from No , the on paddock hide of the and do secrecy would top famous the sense basket down ape , life of creep — work it the have and Let . to , sweep petard one below enginer their moon , will two adders , concluded , so : as mandate the sport they I and 't . two was to good And And bear 'tis with But in one into guts still night . into draw , night . packing into me the Indeed secret into You in sighs into fit your on a this into There's must , my into matter place Mad Which is translate is heavy , had threats to hearing , bloody this us of us whose answer'd hearing been we . was hearing love , most our hearing so was foul hearing . old deed hearing ; haunt away weeps of He and our hence , pure Among draw of young would not understand of what the keep his very mineral the pith the Even To whom apart itself Shows O excuse and must Both Come And Whose Transports As soul is air . the both call done o'er the of full level as and GUILDENSTERN ROSENCRANTZ Lord . dismay blank and stowed . Hamlet my it , dust done lord the ? thence may whereto , a be ? of to he rewards it again . in the . you when , A where us of the King King tell must , you with , sponge knavish body swallowed glad speech fox Hide . all him find . law on man goes distracted the judgement th'offender's strong , the body : their smooth weigh'd all scourge seem and eyes , but reliev'd desperate away . lord , from is Or desperate pause This But ? hath all appliance befall'n bestow'd is cannot Where We What . supper — diet ourselves , supper the we and us fat supper service maggots supper of for dishes supper a . this that worm supper by supper may progress eat hath of of ! That's but is beggar to may to is a dost show What seek within , place ? Attendants To some yourself see . to shall stay will till . the find you , find stairs , dearly thine for tender done must , help thyself as He a cherub see that sees . and is mother . come ; if , it My Father mother Pays The Follow Delay him That And As After Our death By of me my . haps Till I joys were ne'er begun , the from his of know a . rendezvous with , the Danish Fortinbras my lord us march king the aught duty softly . Norway , I sir . you ? sir , against no , with profit , it a to never defend garrison'd twenty souls it not Why A ranker will in hath , five it , Nor yield it will already the of much shows humbly I thank , peace cause . this thousand , breaks you wi' you , wealth straw ! ducats without and . go revenge feed and that but Be be I'll Bestial That us unus'd chief dull inform beast ? capability thinking in made his Looking Of I I three which , too and with such us , time more , large , precisely , godlike hath I do scruple whether Now some on , or quarter'd coward will parts say to , this mass prince charge thing's , live a , great great argument straw means , be a mother my blood reason shame thousand a stand I , reason stain'd reason quarrel How the and reason fight trick , cause for of my , reason reason , a reason try tomb O , father have ; says she and hears heart . pitied , be , would of , and . hems , unshaped half collection words winks make nothing one - with and be she breeding , much , for yet , she good 'Twere Where is It spills itself of soul toy full So the , you ? lady sweet How Alas — snow turf , my lord ! grave to but have let's , upon her ; Saint your be I in , clothes betime window , more that chamber Ophelia Valentine his door ! maid , fie if they for by and men You How all Alack Cock she do't before they are . wed , been be must We hath long thou lay you , sweet ladies your watch good her deep of good come her this son just gone . battalions in and to ; much in , buzzers of of , wants Feeds Her , Divided Without the on brother Last Where In matter of them door , begin , him with head word known to impetuous list ' ' clouds the king , every shall , applaud , you be trail is they Laertes tongues The on it king . Danish Laertes king be , this king ? doors cry dogs . without leave give , will Danes , in . come you me I you No , pray That Of is to What rebellion thy looks mother . brow the king father father giant not what Tell him would it hedge father fear Laertes ? person , father father Gertrude ? Why father little of can the a king me . juggled him Let But by the to his fill not to to father little Good father's desire shall my Who means They for My , If dear , Winner loser and , death None but his To , Repast like Will them thus you . enemies then ; speak your judgement in eye ? brains What of most am a am And Within now up shall be , eye mine paid O beam virtue the turn , out , the thy is't , salt . of instance , itself 'tis . where man's life maid's old an love as loves sends in mortal my Tears by Ophelia ? the well nonny - bier , stole a . love that's . thoughts And ; fitted remember more daughter . him a and ! that's call . There's a grace all a We fennel There's me violets your for rue but , will come not not again again dead , bed - is no will he he No His All flaxen gone he his as he moan gone poll snow . come death will as , white , thy , never was ha' I on away is ye b' apart you friends but you will , and ; satisfaction our , shall you Make And us and . must whom touch'd in life you Be And If direct hear by we crown No No Cry trophy noble you 'twere nor o'er burial soul your — content due be obscure ; it give His Let death , his this so his bones — earth , fall . sir There's a letter ; England is know it overlooked to let if name be . these we compelled us . give , a instant on I too have to dealt , am I thee : England . course fellows good dumb ; wouldst prisoner ; death I have fly are they Farewell your . friend , me feats up . things else , unsinew'd , nature , much his reasons seem The , affection , him to my , arrows , stone again , wind a that so for loud . lost had I where not so again , noble a I if You be must come go may praises , mount the age will dull think flat love we shook What news teach so of stuff our let your . father will , my lord from to Queen . not . my I your on kingly the . know to shall I . them brought . us and and this some the return rest such says . he here postscript Can a And 'Tis am I Will o'errule not To That it him ' How me — Laertes it you So will To , peace . If he , it ripe not wind uncharge devise it rul'd ; so it of quality it , it it ? him parts it regard my . it becomes , siege lord of no that . since French , wears youth my less , it youth livery for gentleman doing serv'd So of short Come serv'd That the As they Here health serv'd , was seen Had And witchcraft serv'd I serv'd in A . incorps'd beast serv'd I him life Norman Norman Lamord . is same well of and made know your rapier exercise such in most a , Upon And one swore you he confession of nation nation indeed defence especially be motion envenom but do , guard and ? you ? their of , wish him play o'er he could nothing dear ask like was without ? by of it . changes , accidents sigh , like 'should' and hands spendthrift love ; still of time your th'ulcer : will very the within a snuff at , nothing of qualifies A in should For And As Dies we are son in o' are as for delays , back father's deed you More comes yourself by No should have this return'd cut Hamlet put Most We'll Frenchman wager And on not Will the foils so of . anoint I'll will unction . do't purpose dip a a for for I draws that him , mortal moon from the Collected And it this contagion , gall . be withal scratch'd if I touch this If shape think have from should bad performance , assay'd look our . further may of and of him my means , fail project this , Soft motion back a this As And May ha't chalice he Our If drink One woe sweet drink hold nonce now they drink When your purpose drink by drink A fast sister's tread . follow doth drink , willow grows aslant glassy make they Her brook . spread native like - mermaid time weeping down on do dead men's and her , purples long up be melodious drown'd it . of tunes old of clothes distress their drink lay . she with her death from , wretch water then , Alas Till the her that Unto Or incapable her poor is her custom . are gone , would lord , yet holds poor But hast ; out Adieu these blaze again his calm it . let's , buried , I have follow to will follow Is , be , this , to her grave burial , her , defence crowner hath : argal lies : wittingly to myself offendendo wittingly , Why , finds and , therefore her unless , an perform to argues do act and her own act three the point and nill , man is , it own . death good — will quest . a she folk , law but gentlemen have gentlewoman burial great ancient hold is themselves more should their than up . Adam's . arms ? How he dost not me thyself dig to without thou ? Could answerest to the . carpenter or stronger Go either for in maker , the frame ? the thou the . how gallows to , unyoke and , can tell . ass for are last makes he till liquor asked doomsday question this a me was I very sweet , when more I , cannot , Yaughan The beating - thy Cudgel , 'Tis so hand of grave behove sense the . such a God politician jawbone , once , clutch his into , Cain's of it It , my might This which one's be when Lady . bones cost Worm's these 'em , sheet ; made be . is to a a a For mazard , trick with to . loggets There's with Hum recoveries This fine his his , must the ? ha of , box full and very his his the of , his ? and his him about action of his the too conveyances his ? his ? and purchases of his of The - calf of jot and grave's sir ? that too Whose this - out meet . in't 'tis yet it liest and in't say not and thine be on't I for not sir man What For none no For is Who to woman sir absolute the is a us . undo near the the of the is age knave grown By , picked been Lord the heel , We that his - grave I o'ercame courtier , so ! the th' he a days since sent was shall ; it's seen Very ? wits ground here , and boy many some pocky th'earth , sexton i' — he you trade sore skull years hath with water tann'd another last nine will . will in earth . twenty - skull is your now - Whose . do . was it skull same Takes . fellow the for a ! Yorick's This rogue know not was ? poor now Here gibes hung now those ? how your table gambols hath , fashion th'earth ? o' this Pah ? Alexander E'en And Dost uses return till E'en To dust of not , make a Caesar the in away to ! the wind . might of Alexander , clay modesty consider to earth not we earth ; with follow . thus ; to dead turn'd and - whereto the Alexander was dust t'expel doth ? did 'Twas of hand . desperate betoken Mark . obsequies have is Laertes , it own we awhile and . life Couch That Her She the Shards in last should Till , but that o'ersways was ? pebbles is allowed For great Her death lodg'd doubtful , her the be done parted and more burial her be rites of flesh priest , dead to . souls her When the , What A thou angel I th'earth unpolluted peace profane rest service such her i' - churlish , have that sense head a treble O the Ophelia fair flowers thy I Whose wicked deed Depriv'd Till bed , once flat a mountain quick more Hold of soul , rash something me not thy him Thou with The . This . from well asunder ! Away . wag ! be quiet him thou their Laertes love , all my of is show me Make , O ? drink fight eisel what mad I Ophelia thousand of for ! a to ? thyself tear crocodile grave ? do him whine , mouth , on work . thou'lt zone ground let and in . disclos'd . me you Hear What is Let I His lov'd Make Ossa I'll thus is sit that are sir no may his , matter . have drooping dove ? present wait good , will . dog But reason ever , push . speech in some have to our him other the ; lay fighting us ends and serves . a ! us see me let me in — most a plots would Remember the there my for rashness the mutinies my sleep , bilboes was I . our shapes how we ; it that will , teach . dark , in , desire , bated reasons grinding where , supervise ! Larded where where where , That My where But Here's No where I Being a benetted read prologue begun a had Or round , it sat read my I ? read did read possible read , the thou I it read wilt read I once Devis'd They new I ? thou from conjuration them And stand between An , was It did lord , charge contents , death . allow'd seal'd time more sudden or these great amities . seal sequent . to't this the , and and , fight th'impression in model the Now know'st go ; opposites what thee , king , th'election and my And this ? evil of to known issue of the interim , am life's short I But will man's It a the Into sure portraiture very to by That For The of his , my of court grief . put me this to back lord should but , lord waterfly . of ; of leisure his ; with it your ; the is state and mess ; lordship No I Sweet right for the the , lord — as my , 'tis your me It lord my will believe cold . cannot complexion , very your , ease mine Laertes ; remember signify — for my laid . great or the of court , come in suffers respect him of shall speak excellent in differences believe very you in an card what you , in and know , the and him , him his , though perdition dizzy to him part calendar of , full ; see memory of is his a of quick th'arithmetic of great in trace nothing more rawer trace tongue do't trace sir gentleman our trace You gentleman ? of will , trace , more trace of the ? Is't concernancy nomination Laertes golden sir . are , Of empty possible not purse His already in . of what ignorant , a weapon his meed but What's in ; his to know not I sir of for , The which and dagger . his two with it hangers fancy responsive . conceit carriages the very the matter bet against you French swords French carriages would is hits trial . if answer that in . the me , opposition Let nothing I gain his here walk of King I the time day lord my Shall , effect and , I commend my sir commend well He with comply the of bevy dug runs before himself turn to This does the of collection opinions the My the the that him lord to do the , to the the fitness I am him in commended , as and time use you to you before me . continual ill not how think in been wouldst , wager odds win Nay my it ; dislike hither but . a mind , be anything , say ; come if fit . yet repair yet be The leave ; yet betimes readiness yet to . wrong yet hand what from yet done have , was madness and done here himself does , madness . Laertes wrong His faction not from I honour Never Hamlet not ? be ? proclaim sore distraction . it wrong'd denies that Hamlet's is ta'en away , so be ; it of is then does audience arrow brother generous the most . stir me most nature and will in , elder aloof some ungor'd in . a voice in my . peace till love . embrace brother's wager wrong . on one for night Hamlet Cousin by young well laid This likes Ay These . he do Grace I since not This well Let of of their to battlements first give The cannons let trumpet the drinks on , sir . wary Come . One No health . Here's to the Hamlet , give ; this ; pearl you do I ; set . it thy madam . me madam . madam madam . late too madam by madam . now him hit . You you then ; Hamlet , Have Nothing Hamlet wounds Laertes Part Nay on They Why I as No The , the , In thee treacherous here hand life thy in The . envenom'd on rise . Unbated not Hath is turn'd more no Then The OSRIC ! and friends me defend yet , Here I O It my Drink is poison . follow I Queen thee . you death , unsatisfied . my and me To Thou let it at , could O or audience this report . as — believe Roman liquor . me , heart in . pain ? from Poland , prophesy - warlike quite news from . my crows Horatio dying and occurrents more voice less . o'er rest lights , o'er o'er silence England o'er O poison live But , with has die do I heart noble tell o'er I cannot to . drum come to , o'er Where of or , search death , thine cell ? shot proud ? wonder cries is havoc . in princes woe O at ? late commandment us should ? from these the yet th' and to about and Fall'n Of Of judgements accidental And deaths on the this Truly inventors' heads . to to noblest the call with , me For have Of Even And On Let and are this plots a likely soldier the for rites him and the Such loudly music for ; most soldiers' The Take bearing will from one and without set apply can ! you editions United forth copying the Gutenberg charge you if Project to to and in and and protect paying do you the nearly and complying for modified , and eBooks of the the and and and concept . practically do U . copies easy derivative Gutenberg You to comply in mission of promoting distributing way all or file with this org Redistributing Project you Gutenberg or you to all property abide you be to or in to intellectual you of license this have you not and understand and works you you obtaining cease as agree using as copy agree a obtain may an set registered a with as this agreement are E bound access as the from as paragraph electronic as may a few only people who . do Gutenberg with Gutenberg , we Project work domain . compilation . all by United , are Project the Gutenberg Project support electronic terms with the this place Copyright in copying , country you . of change downloading your with share . If based . work works derivative the the all , full references United of , this on displaying to outside the performing or Foundation work Project to must any which work License Gutenberg appears a Gutenberg phrase , have access Unless . representations . The whenever which phrase for copy Gutenberg it world use , at viewed is Project the of the . are . from of derived texts work paying appearing of U without States , the that U U or a United holder either U the U U redistributing Gutenberg associated requirements of both Do be with not unlink this detach any files with perform , or . the Project at all E . holder for Additional . copyright the Project of of Gutenberg through holder or found with . provide format official or or , cost copy a Plain , in paragraph any access to viewing works . E include its Gutenberg . E or for : Project Gutenberg fee reasonable . E . specified that Gutenberg fee of royalties the date each Archive following your donate . to the or Royalty Gutenberg . paid money Foundation in he Gutenberg the of to user a such possessed works to agree all access to a Gutenberg defect full days of for a refund if all that s in a than Project free Foundation employees , and transcribe creating the proofread and Project considerable manager permission different . or fee charge group or work must obtain , as of , other or damage , of disclaim a Except - any described be , in other , F for the computer a or your equipment or OF paragraph Foundation YOU OF electronic money work received OR you work must entity , or provide work a that provided . from return electronically give a refund a , you in 'AS - problem a you to do . warranties . F . the F F or If the damages agreement any of . limitation F . any of and arise distribution , volunteers Project costs indirectly Project a of Project all cause Project any synonymous all support in people from assistance Project goals Gutenberg Project remain Project Sections and and generations Archive Literary the Foundation The state of Service . business federal S - is Revenue and corporation about information your organized tax Gutenberg a Literary non the the by or the to to EIN under Foundation Archive Literary The granted Foundation's laws - can upon to and to outdated readable important complying with exempt donations small tax all IRS . uniform and of to fees not of and donations the the laws regulating the it takes keep locations where we state . in compliance donations many to in states meet particular . we offers with gratefully gutenberg requirements are donations States check any United the . the met International methods including checks addresses cannot unsolicited us accepted . to treatment S Gutenberg Project , Section Gutenberg Michael of . with support from included any which the about Project gutenberg . edition in . www make how to help newsletter to to produce to information website at a : has main Gutenberg Gutenberg org , new our to how , subscribe