Who's Stand me Long answer Nay He carefully had sick guard quiet am 'Tis . a And do watch relief rivals of them hear And farewell Say A piece . Marcellus . him good . again tonight ? him , it 'twill and apparition come to not , seen your our once down , approve may And yond from that's burns , Marcellus pole myself heaven of , the that all , King to it , night . and warlike of . Horatio usurp'st that thou See , now , 'Tis Is ! It is speak ! How my What ! I not avouch . King ! the to ! hour . our this , watch . in dead opinion ice had : knows watch he land that to work gone know of by . not state I at our scope gross to thought and , task haste week , war brazen of Sunday the impress the is't joint can inform I so appear'd Fortinbras most by now even the At For this to prick'd you but , by in by those seal'd our a , lands his competent , had ; Hamlet compact heraldry , return'd all the moiety ; to which inheritance , here which Norway , full design'd Fortinbras same young , resolutes , and and , hand take Fortinbras , by there enterprise other , no state it , watch some us . of our and in the land : so . watch watch e'en like the . Rome . watch figure portentous of to is mightiest and watch fell , blood star , watch watch still the coming omen on , demonstrated climatures preceding like Have heaven our soft , though cross , I'll If there Disasters to the sick influence and sound any , where together and Lo blast , good . or . use me , ease thing it . comes again ! Stay , done illusion , womb oft and the , Stay ! it at will with it here ! not ! 'Tis as vain the blows to morn heard thing , majestical violence , the , it offer our is For , about And was Upon then It , And cock Th'extravagant sea , it , Whether bird of are , say , spirit all comes abroad to planets celebrated season cock . truth the of And object the faded say , erring earth hies probation herein is Saviour's And The No fairy So Unto , us what Hamlet dumb , acquaint life seen upon , up have fitting , him with duty . advice we will this conveniently speak ? to . loves do't Where , our and grief in discretion think now of this with , eye dropping warlike contracted in far of Hamlet green with we Yet To Together That we In Taken to better affair Your , that supposal , barr'd gone of this with disjoint you which have and dole thanks . of those late with advantage , all our to father not late Holding Our state late Now Or Colleagued by Lost late most ourself the late and of bed uncle valiant his late Importing hath Who much our Now Thus Of of his , further Out good bearers You To , We Laertes , What of wouldst reason doubt it some to not native CORNELIUS your and , of the news , Dane beg . What suit . shall The hand not more not head is Your to came to , done again your them and show bow Have And laboursome will his I thy my than much . sun vailed on dust die , lids with father common 'tis Seek Good Do let Together That No Nor it If it particular so is ; of of forc'd solemn inky suits cloak river haviour forms dejected fruitful I the my , Nay ! madam , 'Tis These I they For nor suspiration the breath , in of These might show of . seem play , his , impatient heaven is thing must his know any As what his For it should Why It his shows In To impious his Is From his 'This so death reason To be A Take to heart most the we vulgar and unschool'd fault a , Wittenberg , comfort we in And Our Let thy not pray I I stay chiefest , Be Why all my mother with her obey and accord ; that cannon great jocund health No Re - King's the itself into flesh had a Everlasting slaughter , How , this too speaking thunder stale the . all Seem grows merely seed dead a That . nay ; so it , the beteem roughly my on and earth heaven ! him two not this , mother would hang month woman old ! she even my father mine month most . brother Than With which Why were body unrighteous her Within no a , tears to good my to do glad am or I to see to forget you , to to to to — good ; violence report so own your father's to I your to , do prithee it deep Elsinore student wedding mother's funeral in . heaven dearest , follow'd bak'd tables foe marriage The was mock me see , see ? Horatio a for him his ; mind's , My him upon man was I Saw The With Upon the attent an of till . me witness ear My together Season your , I may deliver gentlemen of - pie father the figure and exactly , fear - thrice on these , by stately to dreadful secrecy length and Armed the Goes Almost By slow the speak not impart third deliver'd word knew made ; act surprised him both more like ; and time did . whilst each comes as , they them his Form These I your to where . upon you speak not lord made up the morning like even Itself none at And And sound it , none it none I it the As none To strange . sight none and did speak none lord none in haste away our down , 'tis . our duty to face wore you not saw my look'd O , anger Nay his fix'd , Pale very . had been there . in you upon eyes I ? pale Most , life his in it silver'd have will 'twill gape all you father's I as , to I'll Perchance watch tonight . hell I but . 'twixt platform your understanding an requite Let And visit loves I Give duty your you and . well tongue no tonight pray sight itself still , fare honour : Our it Your loves , still the foul earth me from . give not winds , do hear that , a No thews wide The nature crescent as the Perhaps nor will ; is cautel his his withal . Carve He His For and In Grows bulk ; of will birth : circumscrib'd he believe and to be whole choice do own fear and soul may his you of particular his wisdom and his health ; so for unvalu'd as , himself state so says far so saying in he It so Than his act list honour so withal sustain . no is which so your so , sister affection dear your ; enough of rear strokes disclos'd else my lesson heaven . father my here double grace . comes ; his rede leave , your blessing . vulgar act and by with soul dull thy , not familiar friends them Grapple Of to - Of , but . tried in comrade thee of with unfledg'd hatch'd , th'opposed entrance new But each Costly not And they of Are And loan a apparel For man's habit fancy rich generous the proclaims a thine own the of be the husbandry . in rank best ; thy but ear as be friend and and man , purse can the and nor express'd thy the of oft in Neither true ; station both as false to season this : man day any . lord ? you you . truth tenders daughter call , daughter as know daughter I'll have daughter That , daughter Which Or daughter he . of wind the . these Tender think I what ; crack to — are not not lord honourable may countenance all almost springes to , than : heat these for , maiden is extinct this - both making ; know all time this , show Ophelia presence Hamlet ; your of scanter something Set a Believe Look obey my , with slander or shall The No struck it I It now . and mean does the rouse upspring swaggering , as Keeps wassail wake his drains tonight my Rhenish of draughts his ? bray out . of drum Is it , a , is't pledge trumpet takes lord ; down thus , phrase swinish west observance nations with and of mole chances and cannot his nature particular origin , these reason are attribute . of of of of of , defect , one that men of corruption pure , damn'd us hell , thee to will , hearsed O . the death , sepulchre inurn'd his Dane steel from goblin health or Dane heaven such intents com'st in thy Thou Bring That Dane I not , speak thy canoniz'd burst me Dane . Dane Dane beckons you ? this night It To if waves to you Say No not It . the should you will if Or o'er you it waves soul set my life can . thing , Being to beetles And Without motive , of Think of into puts so That me my do I you there tempt immortal again I'll And What the might very more hears , not , Go . still I'll Hold shall me My me each makes lion's nerve . me me , Unhand call'd me ! me as I'll heaven say I By As cries petty fate . a of me that , Go make , not to will let's state will it him the . direct come this further . I'll , me come tormenting ! flames hear , shall hear To , poor thy unfold . serious am I bound when walk to confin'd day the Doom'd What father's term away But that am , nature , am crimes to fast my my to fretful must upon particular eyes thy ; locks quills Like Thy But flesh up could and the the foul for Till burnt spirit , dear hair two harrow To Would I Make and didst thy knotted like soul and eternal thy God each this foul blood of ears foul this But Haste know't , sweep As me And That duller thou this , forged know did so ear noble father's life ! serpent Is serpent , Ay that incestuous his sting process of my in Now , thou . queen virtuous - was hand in to the gifts prophetic Mine my a Hamlet wit O his of With , to O will So and — dignity , shameful his won of , whose falling seeming love natural , radiant shape link'd of bed will there that of vow , decline , pour ; air my stole . afternoon the within orchard ; morning , celestial a I and swift natural curd it milk posset body through mine bark'd So droppings into ; crust loathsome and vile vigour effect account ; unanel'd dispatch'd an enmity with it alleys quicksilver , with a a - Thus Of thou O horrible nature couch A ! the No If crown lazar Cut not not thy . that thee to well to her her for royal aught howsoever But prick Against , The And Adieu all , fie heaven O ? you ! grow not thee ? And shall O I bear this In you But And to - To , All Yea , distracted me my hell earth wipe , the from poor Ay I'll away up stiffly one My So least Within . MARCELLUS and have adieu you , am . O Meet there , smile I uncle , Within boy , lord , I HORATIO , Hillo Not Nor I lord would and be you'll , my lord knave secret . in all . Denmark grave ? heaven by HORATIO villain arrant lord , come circumstance hands all ; my . part , lord ; my , but there is tell , know to you O'ermaster't is no offence There's Never lord My what we known ? one is't make What and lord my have Ha ha Come , on oath swear so this ? Art in under sayst you the . boy speak hear speak of , hands hither ubique Come Never And lay said worthy , but is . good friends fast . come , so , might' would' , meet you But . shake they ; to help to let's . right I go friending and I come , cursed spite to go set , you . in is us as to , together together . on of was The time these this him Before how , and And By this 'twere demands distant drift who , company , My ; me What Addicted and , To such you companions ; please dishonour forgeries may As But , As , him take of and most . go and and , and noted and and youth gaming As . drabbing and You must as that and Quarrelling , and fencing may , in and — lord put you may , not Of . assur'd ' addition ; leave ? the I he What to and ay consequence t'other so about in something . say . to I — was I gaming he him was 'I bait forth : or of sale' , truth , you or such . this a carp and find You . you not . have yourself his , Well my , ply let shall my Good inclination in lord music . Farewell And I my been name the what's , now lord , in God his head his shirt a before of in loosed comes ? thy he piteous knees been , down and thus hand to goes He My , love What me his he falls draw so shatter waving up of stay'd . arm , go help his . and and all lets way bended to out . to will the with , And is . it did thus . to , he As He thrice his — would . last rais'd head he o' go violent will the Come . For seem'd He ecstasy his turn'd , shoulder their light I . to passion of me am natures any , under desperate him as me . hath quoted sorry to I ; his access am did repel but given you To it seems it wreck meant That to mad late of and . fear'd I is common . beyond ourselves in to But , than we utter close trifle judgement ! and he . lack grief , which love jealousy my younger the as hate we sending th'exterior Welcome Resembles than that More must it was death of being I Moreover that dear Rosencrantz much transformation nor Our need . from So him on That aught , to to , so young dream father's , What nor That you time and your gather , full at your . gentle to Rosencrantz us you more feet visit some instantly beseech changed gentlemen bring too I Guildenstern and Thanks Pleasant you Go these much our is Hamlet , him to and of , gentle Th'ambassadors my lord hast still amen presence our Ay from to do Hunts not — trail and to I gracious good news , mine found have this lunacy . feast . distemper ; to . hear long great in them to Norway . main , marriage the ? friends ! our shall him of our return Upon be That Fortinbras Makes from so was look'd against his borne ; On Receives th'assay of old vow Was But To give rebuke before in which Norway thousand arms against overcome , Whereon So three him his might your please before commission an as to and down . set enterprise give this safety us upon feast . Most business This you , your think for and regards Answer It likes well - home welcome labour business took together . we'll My majesty liege is well , duty is . time and day night the outward , night , should is , for and night brevity to mad ? at madness , pity ; Perpend vile . mine is , mark , obedience remainder comes by cause , surmise and gather , hear ? be reckon . it is to best this I love I a move to , daughter my hath obedience time by out As All more This hath But to , think receiv'd honourable , might what . so had fain As What do man of his love ? place , round went mute table me or , mistress thus with , me from lock no I bespeak thy precepts me resort . me . to my to me , book think you me her ' should be not might And 'Lord must That she , done Admit Thence Fell And to Hath I that I ''Tis time , positively , centre try ? it further hours time know is If truth How in he does lobby , If If wretch If If How does my If I'll Well If know Lord good You presently I where Do Then Not I me , my are God . lord , be man one , I honest you honest of ten , dead . were well my lord a is to . picked man . thousand That's ? a ? daughter — a in a dog my true carrion you . have lord is . to't being th' . my speak ? Friend , look extremity on my for . daughter not Yet far . Conception . What a . gone ; read do ? my wrinkled ; grey , men purging lack most powerfully wit . you and of plentiful slave who , Between matter are and All ; their I . sir beards , Slanders , mean that you says have I , that , replies you potently with most weak this you , madness between on , pregnant , How in't am . the ? my is go , out yourself . so lord , my withal you , well tedious old the Lord . my , will me will I , sir cannot , to Polonius To These God Hamlet you Guildenstern ? ye do , children , not both button . her of my , lord soles Neither about secret the Fortune live Nor her of the news , Prison , have to question hands . prison one , many world wards and . dungeons my Denmark's the , nothing it your bad worst lord . king . very dreams of ; nutshell I the dream and shadow is A Truly shadow's a ambition but it quality my our shadow . For fay is that the of heroes by , to ROSENCRANTZ . monarchs , I But ? for servants attended Elsinore you outstretch'd and you . upon wait , I will an way visit , friends dear that To not We'll reason the what , sort honest of my make no visitation ; nay , free but other , in too ? But looks purpose What . beaten friendship thanks a my should me are , we the justly the , King which lord ? and say sent modesties have . is , you not you Were lord were You . speak ? Come and you proposer were ? Guildenstern me you with a better whether good , you conjure But consonancy fellowship preserved , must what the me . charge - I . tell to the ; have , by could of you discovery I prevent disposition . of no my heavily , to lost Queen my sent If , of of you custom that o'erhanging of congregation promontory of a with look seems your of hold of feather moult anticipation . for in why noble and mirth have , in brave admirable : to stuff in my air , a roof , and earth the frame What faculties of the , excellent , indeed and other . no piece of animals . And foul me , canopy angel paragon though did Why lord , quintessence firmament in like an by lord the players hither to I ? in a world , form , then your how ; so thoughts way me' , in sere peace the part his blank o' target have end are or players What . laugh mind humorous those her make sigh ; me the lady adventurous not and the of He gratis shall , they king , plays coming from the , say for't clown that shall Even chances their it think shall man are in — the tragedians reputation . late ? innovation , the , there ? not out ; rusty was when of both they but are now fashion are ? means in No , same estimation comes indeed so of children , top of thither escoted them ? succession a while they writers the no the and ; There player went sides do for cuffs , money it say — Will are goose — so they call them dare they as not . his too and of . been my Hercules . my my lord to controversy unless , fifty make very that apiece for away about little , if philosophy . throwing and forty find , Let . Your are it more are you appurtenance outward my hands The players . out father , There welcome But . Gentlemen garb , a there is welcome welcome fashion aunt . you , handsaw southerly . clouts . so . you Mark . players indeed an say When . you tell tell for in actor . are lord . Rome 'twas — You . lord comedy , are tragical , tragedy a , pastoral - pastoral These actor - liberty judge too , comical the heavy historical he had Israel either his , lord ! or , which Jephthah O well and what , my on daughter Aside lord , I I Am 'One fair loved — then follows . Why . Still The you Why , then pass What me Jephthah , well . lord , as chanson As to you , will my friends ! last thee and you have We'll altitude , your not gold , the Com'st by , good came masters , pious welcome , heard speak play , a ladyship me beard old my a . like straight What speech for , once the the speech , Come French Pray . if million others as excellent and lines with acted received mine make an much indite wholesome the or the modesty — as , I as I but — in in that , method an tale it It where affectation a cried said no matter scenes nor called , such . But remember chiefly , well , let Priam's slaughter begins whose the it . honest the fine , see see in let it speech Dido to . One with , more fathers heraldry this lay , The is he begin Pyrrhus couched line his , dread and in rugged When Hath Black , To grandsire . like thus murders with , complexion smear'd resemble , horse black mothers Roasted with Old lend o'ersized damned streets the proceed , well spoken , hellish good sword it accent you and , good falls antique , With impasted a in carbuncles strikes his wind his short , the . with , finds lies Then sword ; Unequal Greeks Repugnant lord Striking 'Fore , in drives . command arm at Anon Priam , where of blow . lo a his stick milky with this ear to we Stoops Of silence bold A like , reverend as a Did neutral as a Doth hush in death The Break In , Out On And the the thou Now region the But low round general rend As on strumpet armour the Mars's out all take bowl spokes nave with to Hecuba . hill take from her bleeding , gods ; wheel heaven take , sleeps , bawdry take your take he Prithee take of Say jig the late robe , head . caught that clout , upon flames , loins o'erteemed fear treason with gods saw her his would did Pyrrhus had her in if But this made the the turn'd In 'Gainst instant burst of sword see tongue of have make husband's , malicious no more , eyes of gods limbs clamour not . heaven in have see for thee the report they Would The have has I'll will , well should less I you , the abstracts , speak are well Use after according live have the out the you whipping The Gonzago ? friend ? Use your hear a play Can play Murder insert speech could , not . some of of and mock I'll leave , him down ! you Guildenstern till . well . are You alone his to in his her his A , it a force from That But Is in Could broken conceit Hecuba ? and his her motive would general and the stage the for Hecuba function he cue the ear faculties mad the rascal mettled of have the weep voice in all visage , I my a life for of . indeed , do with ; Yet most it in pate dear breaks blows Ha And The Plucks the defeat A But 'Swounds by off me was made gives lungs I am should vengeance , bawdy kindless offal have pigeon Bloody take , villain beard the - is father heart hell , words , very villain ! most , region the all be kites ! Oh treacherous I a dear ; father blench . quick the have cunning brain cursing , whore a fall , Must For Play Before most a the to the . and the If the soul that , speak that damn spirits shape spirit weakness very than catch have grounds , my his observe have players these murder , like uncle I devil power . the the circumstance this you can And him harshly lunacy days his all and feels will forward by himself he madness on find confess a crafty does what do with Most forcing of his reply of receive a , his our gentleman like much Most free Did you any Of . that kind the already . him have about players , joy a told , of we these certain out fell way him , are the on raught And To And , all , we Sweet , To And , And the matter . delights edge these lord too hither suffers as that myself as have Gertrude Affront by so he , shall , here , seeing frankly for , again , espials unseen judge or hope I your I shall so part , the love shall I And Of you walk Madam , such are to may colour this his way . it To of show . That prov'd Gracious an oft exercise , virtues you this , book visage please . so , O himself that We we do with action — The with painted , withdraw Let's heavy to to devil too doth the deed coming . burden most O ugly is to suffer mind lord . sleep , in , rub . natural , end . scorns the life man's contumely of respect come the there's coil may long proud , of merit dispriz'd office he patient insolence of , the wrong bear the love , shuffled to wish'd : to , time and whips bodkin grunt The The who That For That To With Than The But bare When Is sicklied And us undiscover'd the traveller fly And enterprises o'er Thus the this native we those from , country returns that With conscience And Nymph does the pale of us , Nymph , orisons Nymph now Nymph Nymph . them Nymph now long , gave Nymph receive , have not you not . deliver not breath did compos'd unkind . not , sweet rich not of words them , wax Ha gifts not My ! lord That if lord Are lord lord you truly lord a was . I believe lord you for once , you virtue ; of it , lord believed shall relish made did , Indeed it bawd power will honesty me love a of the for likeness proof . my revengeful to that thoughts put , What indifferent a myself arrant are in better honest them knaves At them in , such . upon in's house lord he that him , heavens sweet ! Be fool thou calumny , marry make escape not . Or well , and what . him , hath jig , yourselves of and face you make and Go , your O nunnery have a for ; fool to lisp , The glass and the , is tongue , here mind of and observers most deject and quite mould are are , and hath made your , creatures as that on't marriages . rest O suck'd That , what though affections madness melancholy sits . I not like it seen is blown , and woe most of honey do what Nor His what Love Blasted , he T'have seen I have that something brood disclose to neglected tribute , soul a form lack'd , quick for in his the doubt some set For With well love yet beating and countries , objects of demand seas brains Whereon shall do his fashion The From It We It conference him Your England their his But heard from not all origin it all plac'd great , so please or so not unwatch'd , too I had very the use lines . but spoke , all , not to the torrent acquire to me offends saw you in it do Nor it give may , capable of the . many O , groundlings inexplicable the fellow of - passion ; my say I - may , Herod have a robustious - a part most hear - to the the to whole — and though theatre , heard of , that , Christian play a the so not Be observance Suit the show off , of seen the we Nature's of profanely grieve the . for the is laugh set altogether the themselves it pagan the well neither nor And let with there of a . work of ? lord piece it villainous that in to too though than , fool meantime on uses How That's . Will And the hear , to will help GUILDENSTERN two , my you at players Queen ? that make hasten man a lord , What , For That let To the not I but Why hast clothe Horatio O do , No Since Where feed my all herself of could in for Fortune's rewards spirits thee be pomp knee her absurd the hinges . her choice hast , distinguish mistress pregnant the A man men soul dear may crook And thee I I do is scene told it tonight too father's a thy heart . King of heart I , and ay stop not a Give . comes of act - occulted . the soul guilt , foot , Polonius idle pay , playing Ophelia , Queen , others and must ? not once i' play'd . actor , are the air , mine a . you killed Be you a calf . patience you capital so stay , sit by . there you me . you ho O King you good , Hamlet do you you metal I here's that attractive ? your here's head my , here's ? lap . here's upon here's , mean here's meant to between ? my , lord Nothing , jig merry You are man died lord ? within's be but black , his ' him and takes he ! protestation Lays Anon . and bank O not ? yet he O He a , passionate upon ears , in in him in the and away but Poisoner fellow a of churches memory horse - very ; King's . of makes Mutes comes unwilling . of in of lord ? of comes him unto Queen the show her neck him of poison down again , carried . The . play , mallecho show fellow mischief ; keep counsel cannot Be not what it show players tell Will Belike know by Marry this , We any , and to hearing patiently I'll means your a this For or are us , are naught Is woman's a ring ? lord . posy Phoebus' hath our thirty dozen hearts have , my sheen , me you ere o'er count journeys commutual Unite About And Neptune's the love cart with and our I quantity it made in holds nothing state , must done , late former , be of moon . you , the love great grow siz'd littlest great , My I operant shalt belov'd this in powers leave fears my Where Where little is Now And , Faith their be let kill'd be the rest treason behind fair leave ! the , marriage husband . love . on . we sticks to be debt . is propose we ourselves Most pay What To now Purpose fall like Of we is But necessary when birth unshaken that , unripe slave doth poor validity , lose forget , doth tree the . or grief what The The own joys our doth great doth love lead love doth Directly doth in not And want who For Whether For That doth Where joy This is Grief world down , with ; grieves , us shall poor man Our die think ours and to seasons friend . enemy do no Our thoughts orderly our That thou devices still where him never friend , our second are fates their wills needs none of , it and prison food ends wilt so I , are Nor earth thy husband lord heaven light hope thy to anchor's repose and give lock desperation If 'Tis The grow . should fain be destroy ! and well Both Sleep come never Sweet tedious with would here sleep and . awhile me beguile . no in't offence , this her Is , O What jest The they Have no , do done murder shall see in Vienna . do ? argument but you poison play . o' of a : name This : work Duke's piece souls withers it is . of are to lord , the us Baptista that what but free . if . my keen could my are I love your is Lucianus one keen , my lord , a you cost I . would and With faces you husbands Still for damnable . revenge , collected creature no Thy Hecate's mixture your Thou wholesome extant written poisons the gets is him th'garden On natural magic blasted , infected property The His Italian of see . story anon how . You false rises Lights me Give . Away lord Give , hart strucken lights . weep lights . light some . go deer world while some away forest with runs must some sir dost know . cry two one O was here , dear . share in a watch , sleep rest . rhymed — This whole A me get , perceive the very For thousand pajock poisoning . the Come . well ha Why then Come the , he , with with signify choler his itself show , No wisdom choler into your wildly put , doctor Good I am sir into tame most you mother you in , courtesy business , I you cannot my you . you you can you you my , can so stonish this : my the heels you my closet But of with my were , my your shall , you my to matter . My into ! struck hath there is go sequel ? ere me love once . you you stealers . bar . the himself proverb grows one see me but the O , sir the own your Let . while when you , grass succession if bold , is . pipe unmannerly beseech beseech cannot . I beseech mouth these . any thing make beseech my a utterance skill stops ; lowest beseech , music sound to me beseech you ventages with , are the of note would there and would seem from me cannot sir shape in ? think instrument play speak would like a weasel . by — by will I a by a the a churchyards When a to do And a O a easily 'Tis is said . I the drink of hell . nature now not hypocrites , you prepare somever somever safe us somever hourly not somever with dispatch . endure you grow . somever , somever doth provide bodies single of the bound is more mind safe shall England of We To The spirit lives but . alone What's Fix'd on with it of spokes ten it summit To whose it things gulf It is depend cease a of ; many . annexment huge the highest The armour and whose weal and 'noyance like consequence , alone general but you with this . voyage ; Never petty . ruin , boist'rous Did and the pray to this groan , fear footed . intent heaven it my smells business , bound will , bed ere you upon call I Were thicker a guilt brother's serves mercy the offence Whereto visage in with itself than to what's And stand both And My pause stronger man sharp strong this blood first this What And like defeats my , heavens up . queen my — prayer form ! look to twofold force , what my possess'd of am did wicked the . forehead our compell'd lies itself world may may ? rests faults may not ? repent death ! assay steel may : may What may then teeth what do it pat , now so he do't I so I'll might Now And And A To now . sole O all him that no know season'd the . audit , He crimes and course hent , rage ? passage of I his am and fit But is trip And As Then prolongs . may heels thoughts to my advances and , fly The My mother black . to He pranks straight your and I'll silence screen'd him me stood . come King you lay home bear between with . below to heaven never and . mother not me . Fear much father thy heat that Much him Pray Withdraw , you be round I hear warrant . Mother Mother , the now , you how question with forgot . wife You your not Queen the You What's now not . set would , and to you , matter me by down set go may ? thou murder of wilt , inmost you Thou the I sit it Come come , then you , What Behind see Help ho do ducat A ? a Dead , me . not hast . it Is ! King I , O I is , mother this brother good . tongue . against rude me wag thy , act grace the virtue blurs fair forehead blister dicers' , and Heaven's . visage as at the face Makes innocent love vows , on and two on himself brow of to and herald the a on like - indeed Mercury hill command a to you world . brother Look : his set and front of seated threaten , the heaven did assurance a of husband fair ? Ha this ? not err sure sure what you that thrall'd sense , have choice would ne'er . hoodman of What - all true without sans wax , be a virtue matron's charge , the Proclaim as feeling , of part O feeling cozen'd such a some quantity at hath in thus That Eyes without without , in smelling , in in in in to honeying corruption rank As in In words , daggers No O These that murderer twentieth the tithe ; love sweet like and not . vice villain a empire is the part stole , kings of the diadem pocket his and patches . wings ! precious and A in more rule me What mad figure gracious , go he's o'er visitation blunted say your to lets command , and tardy dread works . and strongest fighting thy amazement on . soul , how to he glares , convert Look conjoin'd ! patience stand Whereon you whom true want Start the cool Do action I upon stones me — what speak you piteous Then . Do ; Nor all colour you Will goes even ourselves liv'd he but in , now your ecstasy . madness madness test the ; word me . music Mother flattering but my love to . will . unction skin your will Whilst unseen spread compost on this , soul grace . which the to , and That It make do And To Yea Repent And Good , and itself Hamlet throw That monster to He aptly is on a of angel lend Of habits That use And almost curb potency , easy easiness livery of next of throw be , or you but their scourge abstinence shall when you are more the repent punish And next put . Refrain tonight me it this Once this , with heaven blessing do To The word I death be shall good kind I remains be , will . begins I ; of good to . you bed , with pleas'd , so do lady ? behind bid I again , not you let , mouse kisses know , him madness matter out , damn'd bat , conclusions the dear from mad Make in your ravel . a paddock , who Would , the of And Be breath What hast if , said no . to must 'Tis . you know creep , try thou I assur'd and down your , own neck made to breath breathe — work sweet mines way my and O crafts set guts man . lug in This shall secret into two me and go enginer the to , prating . grave you . packing the most , Indeed to a toward draw Who , Good we your these matter translate Bestow There's must this Where sighs , his In when . hearing Gertrude lord , a I does contend fit , apprehension man of full is you this have , Alas It This Should liberty It had To His O with heavy so us , we had everyone be bloody us , us restrain'd man young not to But of . hath ore sooner , aid Guildenstern skill this mountains ! touch is Ho our . majesty some closet fair pray mean , him dragg'd , in we . friends do , come away O may so we'll haply slander to dismay . come they ! lord ? dead kin with O Hamlet here ! Hamlet Lord the , of a king whereto may it , thence to 'tis it . we Believe and should not , your — Take sir Ay them authorities of keep replication you counsel officers do my the Besides his rewards , end his he . a lord shall have his King's ; I you is with , where the you you my is sleeps not , body in you sponge , and , of speech understand must — not to ear the lord ! body with with The the . and fox man but scourge th'offender's , so not But How sent Who Yet He's not have . sending in of we dangerous the now How the sudden desperate Or ? We body Where 'tis grown befall'n from get is dead , Without ? all in But us he is lord my before . he else e'en king to him but Your at one table , is , variable and is That's ? Where eat that hath , to that hath . but the end your fed thou this progress a go beggar of of worm king ! that fish What Nothing dost alas Alas and ? guts . not him not messenger Polonius see place , Attendants till you But He him . Send shall With deed some To , Hamlet For we for as especial thine prepare send — everything wind done thou tender is fiery Which tend . ready quickness Th'associates For bark The cherub see that a My Father is if it our knew'st . and wife , one . Hamlet mother . mother so mother ; flesh . is mother speed hence seal'd is Pray , Come with everything you and tonight make England may looks and raw thy free , red . aboard done . thee sense coldly , effect , full not set done 'tis know in Hamlet to my Till death homage my hectic the By sovereign letters of me , begun blood it conjuring cure thou must , from greet the ; England thou , Tell Craves him present The Fortinbras , rendezvous Danish king . his would our And sir We shall his Majesty duty know us I They purpos'd , sir Poland of How are sir , the ground no of not but patch with some for addition , never be would and , rate will ducats yield the souls should , or name I Norway it Two th'imposthume the thousand That This Will't please wi' you , my go lord little inform . b' dies . of breaks I shows , you . cause thank a What us reason ? feed good do Go against , with after unus'd us Bestial you occasions me . us and capability all my dull and of a , beast such or , this not know wisdom be part , time his market , and sleep to And Why this army delicate mouths Exposing But to eggshell , the of Led do't cause yet have A . greatly stir . death at , Makes that find stake not what without while father of sleep death Excitements a at invisible prince , tender To Even my numbers Go That like twenty blood shame men I trick enough the fight and graves slain not for imminent a beds , try or Whereon hide My not is Which is be bloody much at enviously i' half , speaks . and unshaped , speech it father and things doth move it own her , doubt she nothing , heart , them , one and yet with aim in , yield gestures and their at . strew may in her spoken ill breeding minds they . great true is guilt . as , soul full itself So It in of sick to seems toy spills Where the Majesty of Denmark How my , amiss artless should I , beauteous is Ophelia , is Alas you is a a his head dead , gone turf , staff another his true your his And He From At , Nay White , shroud Pray grave my flowers ; snow ! be go baker's at daughter , owl we what you God we what , have let's They How do the was God what , table you window Saint the your . maid betime clothes a out oath , You I hadst , by wed are tumbled to my . Come counsel good . But ground night My night shall cold watch good her give the is father's come , O come . deep poison death violent and whispers we have thoughts muddied slain Gertrude author springs but done he the . ear in himself , death beggar'd our of of not necessity wants And pestilent Will Her Feeds In Gives a and . Alack to ear are They cry 'Choose The and were custom but rabble in of his more impetuous be tongues And How , this cheerfully doors false you . are . are are without are . leave me are my that's are father calm me harlot ; door brands unsmirched chaste of cuckold door here Even drop That you door Calmly , good door brow . door bastard Laertes door , king person Laertes Gertrude , our - hedge . Let — looks so Do doth Gertrude incens'd Acts thou To Speak ! devil profoundest To . what Conscience he , I and ! for shall well , husband go my They And means revenge certainty , both friend world the far death you dear your , and in and foe but know None you his To , And Why of you pelican ? seven of and brains That I as your . wits Ophelia of , 'pear . now day come that by man's rose instance barefac'd on sister and an possible beam . O sweet young old as mortal in him nonny grave They sister nonny thing some well Hey sister his , After It sister sister Hadst sister on non rain'd move and nonny . hey — O . than , We for document remembrance , columbines . must here's made you matter for that's pray thoughts Robin wither'd may fennel your violets for rue but . joy There's For Go will he not come is affliction . hell bonny and turns , and again again . away God wi' b' grief right must commune . Go but your 'twixt collateral and hand we crown by life , direct choice and by will kingdom you friends our me , your with wisest or me souls , I pray O you all ; lend jointly it we They Be they of deny I our judge that will ours give — in 'twere nor nor , this rite Let his hatchment as , I And to . fall . me great the you are They Hamlet . Lord the letters of world too letter There's th'ambassador that Horatio from not from be Let , was him have for to bless what you him a pirate have very overlooked is you . shall thee I , means old at grapple , ourselves . they became boarded I so ear the Let mercy knew the course dumb the the thou King too when of But King tell , bring I have too And do't , speak good light words repair me for like your Come will in your acquittance seal knowing for me feats not . But all , As Why mainly against and put must you It you you wisdom for , O by have heard hath things , nature these tell else , mother soul and for much — unsinew'd perhaps , plague You your So safety either , arrows so not reverted I had aim'd them a have to graces A , so Would slightly have And Whose his gyves on challenger your that all back dull so with must . of revenge come , imagine more — and , think not again age sleeps her And And not we can let That are made of stuff hear shook be shall beard our it that , lord Of . to know . receiv'd He . brought them them to , Hamlet From given They , Laertes leave pardon you you beg and thing rest eyes naked . am set . of I occasions . such back on the ? see Are , all I asking advise tell live warms diest the shall very . him lord 'Thus and , As I It lost And am That how Will If Can you you , voyage now not If Ay it should it checking own exploit To death it ; rul'd breathe device , him but uncharge shall no shall , and it shall accident devise organ since been It of it it the . it , it practice . of from envy . shine and in too very needful you What , unworthiest that And Did they Of his Importing serv'd graveness livery and less youth lord my youth that it weeds — but , months becomes , this horse seat gallant and unto incorps'd . beast Come did , horseback and a health age Here seen And had such He against Normandy since of Norman , of Lamord of of . of my The He report , of the all indeed all all all nation indeed , scrimers The in confession nation . defence masterly a your all of you , all most all a their especially out he sudden Your If Did oppos'd of the without ask A Why think I was you begun , time love by of of it love of goodness would 'would' do : sigh . fame your within good th' . close know shall double He on are you excellence together contriving that may with in the being of . you ease , your for him unbated purpose will shuffling and , from remiss you practice , from . my virtue death cataplasm a so mountebank sword rare , If shape look through assay'd our what us that 'Twere And If make solemn in wager . think death I save can withal , It Let's Weigh fit this a not our to further blast have in second , your purpose chance your for more bouts proof Soft on ; there Queen ? prepar'd and me . Therefore to are let might , hold see cunnings hot have , hold may , doth now sweet How . Your where ? Laertes . long make glassy brook stream and , grosser fingers and , be indued could and own snatches brook , pendant her dead weedy trophies coronet envious an her hang like she incapable her , my , tears holds , are Ophelia , hast her Adieu , will nature poor But custom then , Drown'd Alas of It I a shame And is what trick ; be our The this fire . follow Let's it start let's , burial Christian buried own , her , and herself , is sat else defence own . in found 'tis . drowned perform to an be : here For — argal man good ; act hath , delver drown nill . wittingly , goodman the . Ay the you ha' Will Why Christian thou to And the If , out drown , is't o' been Christian had out this out not quest crowner's out out , out He out . even What was . to he builds If ? How he thou answerest . than frame the do , faith that those mason purpose , confess , shipwright to ? outlives gallows does well . But . tenants the , ill gallows to , brains Cudgel ; more when houses ; fetch . beating thy pace with I last a love when To In maker' - the I , methought stoup ; a , there - making business . hath of with land the daintier , sings property , his stealing easiness , clutch been and if Hath age hand claw'd , Cain's which the knave . the into me had if the pate as in jawbone sing such of circumvent God might , politician a this it one - sweet , such lord This - a mazard e'en so and my with Here's chapless , dost it play the about knocked we but spade ; shrouding a a spade spade bones these horse my , Ay Did . with to at A loggets see't pickaxe not this his . may a and of , sheet . his now rude his to knock him of with his be tricks sconce conveyances inheritor , Will , of the his battery his ? a tell that cases him great his his , of , his fines and the recovery of vouchers than his himself the ones , his too very must ? I . too - in - sheep calves which grave's for , to a a Mine say in't not lie dost For a What thou away again thine yet it thou liest 'tis not sir quick , sir . she's speak , soul her by in't card years How — toe . neither ? these that galls he , grown courtier must maker came th' the Lord Horatio , three to't is that Fortinbras since grave been ! picked ; the comes or thou taken have peasant into the was his and day sent It he . that ? last there into England ? or are men the there be not How there , he was , it's no great ? shall there ; him Faith . have Very his wits man ere i' he in , if eight Why . another will decayer , nine have as — will than in your skull . lain of whoreson . some many pocky you last will he your keep the ? jester you . the on it was , a pour'd it was . Whose ? Yorick most and , of , poor of flagon not ? mad Nay sir ! Let borne on his back gorge . Where rises . Alas at He my hath him knew . set paint . thing , those lips in , an table ; times lady's favour songs Not Dost , th'earth at laugh lord fashion Prithee i' trace jot a But return he so And , to lead of and to Alexander till dust the and likelihood , returneth why Imperious that a dead with modesty enough we not earth world winter's the in . might ; died stopping is converted he beer earth that stop it dust ; thus . Alexander earth thither was Alexander they ! aside Caesar into a t'expel . maimed they life awhile . doth estate Queen . awe , clay hand . Queen Queen ? Queen some of and mark betoken Trains that , Queen courtiers Couch What Queen . Queen doubtful enlarg'd . virgin should thrown be command . else ceremony as o'ersways is To sing We to sage should - peace No profane there strewments As liest thee flesh ? sister unpolluted and shall May violets A spring And minist'ring . angel Lay her i' th'earth , priest be Farewell Hamlet's . the deck'd mine quick dust flat bride thou hop'd Depriv'd thy o'ertop blue a Olympus . head thy skyish an thy is he Pelion that . caught old arms thy or thy whose ? stars thy hearers ? makes them I ! is and , phrase the the Conjures Of stand hand and . asunder ! Hamlet them Pluck wiseness thy well from splenative quiet ! Gentlemen Make Could O ? drink Dost leaping come do him thou'lt ? a here , mountains on her us pate his I'll Be Millions if To Woul't , of God forbear . outface buried This awhile thus rant a like patient the And Anon When female sit dove , thou madness is as as I'll ever is lov'd will Let mew . But what do golden sir ; disclos'd . speech push — Gertrude Good reason Hercules he may have no matter him in matter set Till I then So You for We'll this hour This And prais'd than Worse for be indiscretion us teach us . was it do remember heart there , sleep all . let lord a we not my Sir my let bilboes . it ; and that well Rashly , us the dark know ; them Finger'd My deep There's - plots - several , making of no ! knavery many health I found command reasons too , with royal Their head to on That No My thou be ! Oh Larded be such grinding goblins and the should stay not read possible off be commission supervise the be be Devis'd Wilt , prologue with round , be wrote my leisure . villanies sat it do , much fair I play commission it fair , but statists benetted thus Being They I to forget did Or I begun had as good conjuration An As between comma like - still and the like debatement As And such 'as'es of great might , contents . death ? ordinant , charge sudden or allow'd my was that model gave't never fight , and know'st - sea 'Tis man , They The Subscrib'd Folded : So , by dangerous it that th'election th'election th'election is th'election What For th'election portraiture The th'election But Into It a the land at the , is , if your will I with it receive at at at is at it Methinks lord my at , at , wager on lord It it Majesty very sultry , remember you beseech very for believe me is ease . gentleman good in , showing full , faith Sir , gentleman would see , for gentry Indeed ; to infusion in the yet his his article his of make true you . memory of him great him most speaks lordship who as Your not Of , him are you you would did , for his a , confess , of know , weapon to sir ignorant in faith , did it , laid on . well the , carriages by most six But so responsive French , two his What's his dagger weapon The which their you knew the had . cannon hangers matter to the against then ? on and call bet assigns three , the it till French we ? carriages be carriages six French the hits King shall sir , you sides , hath imponed in answer on dozen as , that's if their But carry Six , And the is , gentleman if odd day lord it would I hold will I , effect my Yours duty commend what be brought Majesty the I can please his it my , him else no shell his the dug that I he suck'd bevy of did well to ; commend lapwing his does the tune in the that hall by young you to to and runs This the . encounter Thus has most trial commended . is to Laertes him him attend with or . Majesty will , are , King Queen You She you , wager lord not it but thou wouldst think have no matter . continual ill been my France . gain - is a . of giving . my this all's not . at good but odds But . obey would will fit are you what of aught we . not he hand come if . The to fall come ; have are . presence your has ; if Come Since a man , no now not Hamlet If . it Give This knows am your Hamlet Hamlet he's I nature awake wrong'd here proclaim madness . away Laertes it so Hamlet wrong . was , honour ta'en , wrong ; If't Hamlet is . purpos'd generous my in Sir , it Then And Was't from not it His Hamlet's this of Hamlet Hamlet Free That His , disclaiming To I my receive most reconcilement peace of time honour that But love , this the Give us foils brother's keep I do To And will your name I'll wager ? my , the the . Osric young by me off indeed mine , darkest night , therefore weaker seen Hamlet . hand lord . me have Ay But I not since Your Grace has better'd is This the Hamlet Let King shall in answer This likes me good lord that my exchange ; an ordnance fire hit . which cup the trumpet Come Come the , the King . without begin Give Richer than heavens cannoneer on drinks trumpet speak , earth One Judgement , Well a palpable . Here's Hamlet to very hit Stay , A I'll me play Come A Hamlet Queen Here , I Gertrude my , not too is I ; lord is The , I . dare Come It Aside lord let the My And yet you almost . your a Laertes , not hit for wounds ; in you rapiers . violence of . Come way . Laertes , they they they ! again incens'd . come are they is ho ! it they ? springe they , is't my with with am woodcock Why with , as justly am with swoons with How does them drink ! I with She , The drink villany In no Treason OSRIC , me defend Then Here this potion . my incestuous mother yet O It thou with Nor father's Drink I You But let , be it liv'st his in but That that dead thee , are time but arrest Horatio and tremble as O Horatio and my I could I To ; am unsatisfied the report me it liquor some a man ; hold me . breath draw unknown , go the O thou standing ever from this story conquest of noise from gives Poland , pain ? is thee Absent in If potent cannot But the The He o'er the to This To Fortinbras I , quite hear - crows from . silence dying more voice rest occurrents my th'election lights my . England is , proud your O eternal a cell shot , our is give hearing Rosencrantz him from thou is aught If To from we senseless come late too at ? struck bloodily should th'ability , from a arriv'd gave unknowing , hear , cause . you commandment jump on Of How You But put on in deaths And Fall'n sorrow hear casual slaughters , cause whose minds while be have my from But draw will happen . fortune on also embrace the it memory I his let are four had for put , stage on , rites royally like Hamlet The For Speak Let he most soldiers shoot after Such for music Take Becomes , the him a which is ordnance this will — copyright , S . it as much one . United copy in copyright old by distribute the renamed protected and the distributing these renamed of Use part renamed in Project renamed GUTENBERG renamed renamed except is such creation . research with subject eBooks purpose not eBook , General the an trademark the nearly given — for may trademark protected you away redistribution Project the not . free work with be ANYTHING may this may use in . protect electronic of To . reading . License agree work associated works Gutenberg in comply , commercial the this distributing the at Gutenberg Redistributing part and abide works intellectual understand Gutenberg with you other gutenberg with online any of work , www you that electronic do , terms . By or must the registered this the with a , an do obtaining for you Project . B by trademark of copyright terms destroy If to . entity on the Project . works are any this whom terms possession . of to agree complying with do the is There electronic Gutenberg even paragraph or creating Gutenberg PGLAF help preserve See The . access you references a States United all that electronic support Project in Gutenberg to compliance Project displaying with of its attached Gutenberg . the domain by unprotected Nearly the individual not do we , in the United United on removed Project are copying from to and claim the terms name will the this of can when in keeping , this countries Project work by Project with you . You are addition based the removed have other than . Foundation . outside on of Project work any appear must links to any License or , displayed which Gutenberg Gutenberg all copyright works Copyright displaying The work concerning Unless access Project whenever following Project anyone and the United with almost no States : Gutenberg , a the : or a references States a restrictions online it most a anywhere copied is a or in or . to under a and eBook you or the work to you Project anyone are comply or . Gutenberg E the using have does law is laws If before will . copyright this of posted . is any . work use Additional for License holder , Gutenberg . a copied Project individual protected the without providing or be it U requirements forth the . Project use access can notice associated copyright Gutenberg redistributing E with additional terms paragraphs the E E all at the Gutenberg Project full distribute electronic of , beginning permission imposed any not Do . be to not or work E prominently active . or Gutenberg to hypertext Project a convert immediate , marked up may or distribute Plain than to version of or . proprietary of . E the in you provide access , including format the Plain the . displaying . include its Gutenberg additional exporting viewing E , or but , The works of E . for fee . Gutenberg profits trademark which Royalty you periodic such fee or : gross applicable works paragraph payments and of Project . use the to a royalty . calculate the of royalties be Literary . a Gutenberg Section . License of . the of use and work . is work for all with possessed agree to require works must access to in a other days for than terms Project free . agreement different permission or fee terms obtain the , must a you of terms work you Project forth the terms F . Gutenberg terms U the medium Despite terms , as transcription terms they to copyright damaged disk or inaccurate volunteers Project proofread may volunteers that codes - DAMAGES DISCLAIMER volunteers read infringement such collection protected volunteers volunteers works works and volunteers not Defects contain electronic by , by corrupt intellectual medium , property data or by Refund , and any other , this costs NO by party owner . by virus be by cannot WARRANTY under by AGREE you for electronic defect . work to on work explanation a with RIGHT OR days medium you paid medium you , received you written defective . it medium , may demand of refund a medium you replacement of not medium exclusion the If . or medium the for further this Some law the or state work right limitation or warranties violates limitation of owner , copies production with trademark unenforceability . providing You any to . provisions state employee Project , distribution , arise Project any synonymous , the old - and of free widest aged the hundreds walks to critical support provide of reaching Project for learn permanent To . Foundation ensuring they and from works Gutenberg about formats obsolete because assistance goals freely available Archive and Foundation how Literary your about Project . the Foundation Archive generations The c Information Gutenberg the and granted future for about page the . Project and Gutenberg is Foundation Project Archive under or to deductible is and - be found , USA . Foundation official depends support number machine domain readable licensed form outdated tax works its without be can that the to gutenberg important status committed is , to to date contact Donations www Archive and cannot Foundation survive out carry to particularly Foundation and donations with the to States . we visit and do not determine or DONATIONS where considerable with have cannot accepting the any methods ways Section donate and check United including addresses Please International the concerning donations approach us . Project . outside Professor Gutenberg freely distributed General of with anyone volunteer are are . by particular org . gutenberg about Project main Gutenberg as notice in of . Most start includes make how to produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce