Nay , now sick am For this And 'Tis Have relief . He come carefully . upon , make and . bitter heart is there Who cold Marcellus stirring rivals The If Well Stand my meet Horatio , what Barnardo of Horatio A is , has this What Welcome , I says 'tis have our nothing tonight Marcellus , Therefore That He Touching Horatio not And this will let fortified assail Tush approve our eyes this minutes him us , your , our seen against story . this of that's star Last down we sit two Well hear have , heaven pole King the , Look then beating one Marcellus to speak ; scholar a Thou same Horatio . wonder . night to me harrows . it like it not art What march Together that that stalks It By majesty offended . away I See not it is . speak ! Did ! 'Tis ! So very th'ambitious ! the frown'd stalk to I work at our watch on combated in armour When he , he He twice in But This bodes and scope by this . hour . know our watch that he observant the of subject for shipwrights Sunday , joint of that whose of war haste . sore cannon , knows the with this from mart divide toward is't whisper . so ; emulate to goes even you as Thereto , to so For Was forfeit ratified , Which Did Was To he this of our a , on prick'd Whose Dar'd combat in his had , there , return'd sir , Norway diet a mettle design'd same Fortinbras no our preparations And . lost his hath Had been fell Hath in the up food But And father - it it and was Well think be our watch the , state unto of no that so of the and armed it most little In Comes of this sort high ere trouble mightiest and the stands star Rome the The through stars Upon the mote stood gibber of sun doomsday the coming . influence whose As Was sick to almost tenantless trains fire the and with the earth Have prologue harbingers like the and , Stay be to . or me of be earth may do to , climatures though to earth If I'll , Unto preceding omen together fates earth earth , country's foreknowing speak uphoarded Stay , treasure earth speak ! earth you and in thou it of they Extorted For If Which If , it say at 'Tis Do , in life walk . partisan my stand , majestical ! when malicious show 'Tis here do our And it , the is the shrill warning , morn have I . his The was it speak a air thing , comes . air crew cock or with , a guilty to , abroad ; probation of of , takes hallow'd then The , they are bird our heard that the Th'extravagant his present confine on faded Some And fairy I the , say , witch spirit the to strike , stir charm ; season celebrated night no , and look o'er , So Where , in shall Do This Let's , young to we As us morn of , we , fitting and high eastward . hill my my life tonight advice by with morning conveniently Attendant Lords and Cornelius green of , yet in in one , grief loves find Voltemand , know state eye barr'd marriage , gone have , worth , all For you , a along ; scale Colleagued hath the fail'd to surrender with dream and his those of bonds message frame , late supposal our brother's Fortinbras young freely thanks of that our disjoint for have time So all of of advantage hears the are that nephew's herein his subject and , The is Who His is Now our his by To is father this much young brother and Norway for is impotent , business uncle and his is further Out To business and this , purpose rid - bed is this to , For that , and CORNELIUS ; Of these haste articles than duty duty . Laertes , asking beg to wouldst offer native thy , more my more not cannot us In That lose And From Your Yet show though and of lord , to came toward , that to , and again , to whence now thoughts He Have , hath my laboursome will , give you By you your and bow And father's ? leave his best Take Aside let Not so Good Do Seek nature to and than , and my Hamlet the I look 'tis know'st , thy , lord Hamlet ever , like thy father noble thy eye that for . eternity lives , with , Why is , fruitful the inky suspiration dejected haviour customary windy moods forms Nor No Nor ! it Nay alone Nor the of know These man . grief of visage breath black seems , eye , grief heaven course to some lost and , 'Tis obsequious know must In father you 'Tis sweet To In will know any For Take From of be against ? should fault heart to must be most who , be , ' woe ; father unprevailing death be first fathers be the dead absurd , We the be As be 'This be And Than till so most immediate for , let dearest a are with You Our Let I Why 'tis and go her cousin comfort , courtier lose us my best and a fair not Wittenberg you Madam of grace clouds flesh away . shall shall . Come thunder earthly Thaw Re King's jocund that come ; today bruit itself Everlasting . slaughter ; fie Oh ! merely — that was two not this to of my to so loving not , nay That ! 'tis it ! king of yet , thy ! not By ! Visit ! Must I Like ! O me So to That Let father's It is With Had break of But of Hail to ! lordship you of to glad for cannot most Within with of of see heart , my such She of . not am Horatio Good from sir — Wittenberg . your hear disposition , yourself you do — faith . report . fellow your deep I , lord shall it I know of truster what Nor Against But Or , had , ever Did I my My thrift furnish ! it hard bak'd in , day dearest the Horatio , my , Indeed , marriage ; eye was he take not man once my Horatio goodly again yesternight him I look I a was He him In saw in all all , Who , the Season With God's Upon Been thus encounter'd an attent the marvel to . me distill'd watch the me , father like , watch ? knew made true time , address methought , to , morning cock it , none lifted sound the head as vanish'd then the , think it . honour'd And As And to Indeed ? lord . Arm'd We do from top you not , saw lord face , in or pale you ? eyes in frowningly he look'd countenance What very . upon had have much you been I Nay And like . very haste a . hundred again tonight watch ; peace . pray , you . person though warrant I will sable have walk , 'twixt I'll So but your this all you conceal'd have you will Upon Give requite platform as foul still all doubt then Though Your My I let is My Till not winds Farewell give sleep benefit embark'd , hear Do and nature Think in violet , The perfume inward withal . Perhaps does more ? more the No No not a it service not . no . suppliance permanent grow this now it of but bulk weigh'd he your And is fits May virtue he may himself must voice and for his persons his birth ; loves on unvalu'd will his : goes no place believe which list you your Denmark honour importunity your may , sister sustain . danger beauty not unmask , lose If in with weigh the Then Ophelia , unmaster'd main Than Or what credent heart , fear the too If Contagious the be near fear imminent the Too galls infants the of dew of , else lesson pastors way reckless to heaven , brother keep . do ; most safety this lies before in wary morn though of rebels , and liquid good none . shame for , not me of rede . comes sail dalliance . father ; you grace aboard tongue . of in being with but , familiar And Grapple Nor Those But each them - hatch'd by and soul dull not do And Be thou Take Give Of , quarrel a of both loses oft most France apparel thy not they in express'd borrower nor thine as the the But For Costly each man that every This do be false my . your , and . leave Ophelia I shall the keep key , tend Hamlet late on put yourself . you ? Lord the . me you , as call . baby a think pay , poor the yourself of green yourself think Tender true dearly phrase should more me wind crack , In honourable it — the a me . ta'en have you are That Or Running not sterling not Which My And it thus given Ay Even When Lends Giving their your command a larger . is extinct prodigal . these , a the do daughter in ; time making - this presence , than take of fire heat promise in vows his for their with believe which of is suits they unholy , brokers all , few he walk . this . my ; talk so in to But And be given him ; ways moment , time forth . and It The bites lord , obey shall I is cold very eager . his rouse reels and takes my lord to his the Rhenish bray down thus swaggering drum triumph drains kettle , he doth What heard I it . held to to And my And This and headed born , I native east than revel pledge . of though is't ; is and it at height phrase : a observance custom takes swinish other indeed in some — manners ; mole — men , these one mole mole ; defect and o'ergrowth down star , mole doubt of evil corruption take censure fault his To mole mole their By Or Carrying in Doth noble own , man be or Fortune's pure dram may say Being Nature's livery — the , I , Look the particular speak health wicked damn'd ! my Be with That King I Be Bring father will burst his and may moon , answer shape , hell call hearsed , in thee a questionable , do nature , inurn'd ponderous thee quietly again , corse hideous the go you To . disposition impartment did with What , With thoughts this alone with do No will speak not It beckons some to you It if Look waves not my to pin's follow it a can immortal as at me my what thing waves do Why , set , forth for soul a again Do not my Being you dreadful summit the follow ? it , sea horrible the into , my lord . that ? sea brain of every to fathoms Think reason , not shall You rul'd your you go thee into so Go Hold As I , him . thee fit desperate He 'tis . Have of come . follow I'll , Unhand . make I heaven Speak wilt lead me Nay . no go . Mark I me further I'll will and serious . almost up nature of days fires , hear bound am , shall unfold I thou when ? Speak Are up a secrets away done confin'd thy to crimes purg'd knotted eyes the and of my whose freeze start on porpentine not be part lightest - that my to spirit father's term . prison I forbid , blood spheres list , List thy ever dear list — O , must fretful hair quills thou his If To Revenge Murder strange the as , and ; unnatural as is foul But Murder That not stir in sleeping this be thee thou shouldst And Wouldst abus'd by May 'Tis Is stung given thou rots . Now , that me but did , of whole my orchard , adulterate traitorous have , power , queen virtuous off won and his Ay The O From it went , seeming gifts my Mine , prophetic will me to wretch But lewdness Though of those lust though in and it as marriage of was . there a love was bed never , whose in gifts a to made , Hamlet Upon mine what But My ! custom always porches of in a on ; be on mov'd on pour through body posset on ; it droppings blood tetter bark'd about on orchard ; on , did . it the : hand , once queen with vigour enmity as sudden ; eager and a I curd gates like instant body of unanel'd , of was Thus lazar - And natural with And , smooth blossoms horrible O not thee damned incest Denmark ! in couch A thou hast in bear horrible my ; but , soul to her nor pursu'st and this but lodge ! but account but but but heaven , be thee leave thou aught ; mind mother shall you Remember . heaven ? globe ghost this , thou Ay And To prick and sting her the ! Remember thee memory records all , forms Remember stiffly , instant Hold me fire ? a ? old ; past , Yes . and and the Within All I'll , grow not memory table observation book baser smile and smile may Denmark Now word , brain shall my there copied alone volume woman ! of is pernicious commandment I That , uncle , tables My , adieu . him . Come . Heaven , ho come lord lord noble my my , my lord Good , Nor I But would , you'll by a ? it . Denmark grave all . are , you part , right : this the and hands desire hath — and I'm Yes And It an desire offence Saint , too your as may to is Horatio here you , me is , one Give me , What have seen tonight not . in my sword , lord my lord have sworn We Ha , ha on , already , Swear my the , sayst thou this the cellarage lord Consent , by oath to swear thou Art fellow boy the this of speak Propose Never ubique my sword ground seen . th'earth i' again speak ! Swear friends fast so . good heard our shift Come of Once Well A O day a Canst old ! give and . But , welcome earth wondrous in as therefore more There of in help you , Horatio , come you they and on times thus 'We out : most . do , what poor man commend . your — or of Swear . Swear your a at me and need to might' your not help you is your you go cursed , your together to lips pray . your , spirit do love fingers born May , shall And my I me us Let . your set right I , O it spite on of was , Reynaldo , intend you . inquiry , finding question , Of you do will wisely , make , my , well well My first do your part in particular know By , Marry how said ; very what said in where come drift of this mark his knowledge . more it touch expense what and his 'twere as part But 'And And As , do — forgeries dishonour thus Take But , my , fencing , youth and gaming no must You season You him far . the it drabbing may would liberty or , lord not That , That's they my and savageness Wherefore lord my good And Marry sir is here's this ? that lord good , good good , drift my fetch , you little these thing You believe in ever breathe converse The He or with good sir Your Having Mark good I , a laying a party 'Good According man the seen of the him , a slight of warrant , assur'd ; consequence the good Very , country or , sound did . lord my , sir — I does 'gentleman' ? say . say say , and as gentleman o'ertook such or 'closes 'friend 'closes say was about this say in and consequence ' the consequence' say in's perchance now say , say See of ; truth rouse say : a , or , say ! carp of reach and or falsehood , find , of directions advice ? bias . have You you of house of bait Videlicet son indirections Observe I Alas , How in what's . my all stockings his foul'd affrighted to knees look shirt , down head gyved his in , knocking comes thy . me out sewing , I With what as , Hamlet his doublet each purport of , it fear do What He took As know loosed of o'er brow ; hard arm go lets his profound , arm down and up so to , me , all bulk my stay'd of his other little . it a head thus waving shaking Long sigh falls He last , draw such thrice As He At And And to last bended done head o' being it end And . That way his his he his their I is This Come go leads does access repel did That What I have As meant No you oft to him better he to we our beshrew trifle ! the age King . move sort to utter for But heed did proper . seems it common . which Come it is ourselves close to to transformation th'exterior it was Our The need dear that hasty nor than More So his th'understanding the I have you you court him , our to may . thus afflicts and glean open'd , hath there If . adheres so I he us am gentlemen he us little him as aught much to on lies will not , humour your by you , unknown the show For to expend more two much gentry with of such majesties , command full the , up We lay our pleasures to obey Guildenstern freely to , Go where some . you our and him is presence helpful to practices . amen ? trail of — that lunacy Hamlet's do I that th'ambassadors ; great to . found . feast them queen sweet , your bring son's distemper , that no death father's we doubt Voltemand , and source my but o'erhasty him . him . to brother from good friends desires suppress appear'd . arrests sends griev'd , fine ; whereat , Majesty , more : Polack give the shown further overcome employ before commission three levied as , dominions it , herein you this please and well this upon consider'd think for Most , rest , It likes more and you your day is to waste night be should This What Why since day , And will Therefore I call nothing Were Madam is That And that I Mad that What that it But , I that , 'tis farewell let that Thus I Who a remains , daughter have the and this that it me her and duty and phrase That's this but you shall 'beautified' I faithful ? a , vile from my ill be her . not , best machine ; me solicitings and place it to ear means . receiv'd by mine his , time given by All But fell , to she out more lady whilst my daughter , to dumb think , you think you the you , that on what wing love must , queen here table and book , sight - idle went of from receive , took lock should Hamlet be repulsed done , That not is she Admit . a prince then precepts tokens my tale into wherein may to Thence That I been It Hath this Take Not that know be . otherwise will I , me , is truth At the you the know he walks try we may Here the in the I'll time the the not be the encounter the But the farm assistant his no a will where But board You my a lord . I Well God me . Then were , ten true one lord man . my ? my dead — a you Have For her How me gone not you . at And first ; that ? I breed sun the if walk may Aside youth him ? the , I sir mean the matter For is Words truly I'll this my again words my ; sir that slave wrinkled they it believe potently you most gum . are go be faces hams and ; hold sir , weak tree that their says here read grey have purging that satirical you , plum , I , Though this be backward , yet . is method ? I of him hits ? my the o' Will as not I you I air , which pregnant How madness often madness Aside my , the that is out between delivered will take , of prosperously happiness , You cannot from humbly most meeting on my more , life lord . fools the seek Lord . To My Polonius save you ! dear most My . is to thou we very - over of how dost , do lord How lads friends excellent cap not ! On in Fortune's Neither or in button . honest true at question strumpet . a ? most the true my waist news Fortune you good prison news lord news hither the news but she of parts news None , my But have news not Let grown that your news news to you which Then is , there for ; is a good either prison bad narrow it To ; to We being not . you for myself or dungeons mind your . of substance bad have dreams count nothing one so me nutshell the of is a . and ? beggars our . are ambitious dream hold I , infinite space A indeed shadow shadow's so light . th' bodies but , my outstretch'd , I is . you to ROSENCRANTZ am I , lord poor , with sort like not . servants occasion . sent you thank I halfpenny nay , visitation ? is . Come for my but ; it Were you there craft for not you good , You were say , purpose in a free justly anything kind to you you charge fellowship of , enough , direct know I colour by To lord , the direct a you by . no or even love direct . and direct our ? me with more direct you you direct eye you sent for . my with lost anticipation direct fire golden , pestilent why it how in ; the : of , congregation of this is . say me ; express how foul a me you and with noble , to , is and in of dust of Why the players think , that plays you in said delight . to was there coming they are the hither king shall welcome , offer whose — Majesty you whose service . shall in peace lover have whose the ; halt th' part ; whose of in the , whose tragedians they delight whose means innovation question , now the and wearing , that the ? not are . rusty they . they , comes How . eyases for't so These call and . they . quills themselves — common sing . How Will they writers ; player . there for bid the controversy question carry brains about ? it lord is boys and poet unless do , my father for it philosophy if , in . those forty , too hands the me , the natural out more players Elsinore and uncle the . my and When the west hawk north what , the In - the Well see Guildenstern mad north . But the . old . to you . actor Rome an tell morning Roscius in You . his honour Upon historical came are to tell come , my Buzz . history ass — light , tragedy for nor are ? well . more . my on passing a old daughter th' lord , that I lord wot , was more show my chanson all . I well since For look I like you or if never ? acted it pleased not and , an lines indite the make as others million excellent as thereabout of as in received , set , cried it play in speech What — I in was general such , in I and , author in where begin is , The in rugged as lay purpose , he the sable Pyrrhus , live speech that it it as wholesome , see me , mothers resemble sons to . dread in black , mothers and hellish . accent good mothers . and , His . lies antique , mothers , it with you seeks gore mothers Pyrrhus with tyrannous like thus And mothers lord finds to his ear , feel Pyrrhus' declining finds on For a , flaming head i' the th'air finds stick matter and , finds sword hideous falls Greeks arm command whiff the But Stoops Seeming finds to prisoner reverend a Priam to to finds like neutral as Of And , Takes silence Doth And sets Cyclops' new the stand , storm rack . his against tyrant , A So we the vengeance did Pyrrhus' ! Fortune than falls strumpet and round less Now thou the general the bowl spokes as down to nave As is low to too your the or he Prithee sleeps Hecuba . her — a a Say Where With good That's queen' is threat'ning clout , for , that robe , up in and upon o'erteemed did she not burning not has he . Would have instant mortal of saw gods themselves husband's soon hear than ill of . in's heaven , are will My lord , better the death were you the bestowed live your every out and brief bad and no colour . eyes the let time . to according ? rest abstracts have own a Do chronicles , their desert desert and The Gonzago ? some could , and play tomorrow We'll The speech insert him leave not in't of you alone here passion am ! own his dream this and are . am I I . wan'd aspect Hecuba , tears , he stage free speech the appal and eyes - say can nothing - and ignorant guilty He motive would the would to nothing ! do with horrid What with ears my life a pate lie my the it No defeat damn'd by to the my ! And Ha But I I pigeon the as slave's have offal , kindless villain villain ere : nose should take it Who I across me i' face and or the all bitter liver'd lecherous bawdy region , lack it kites , most ! am whore , of ass treacherous I Prompted With Remorseless what I by heaven dear Oh an This and have a , scene the cunning sitting ! upon't I very my Fie brain to have They most With I'll For , though like uncle to the him Before something so of the . no have organ , and the yea my with such spirits , thing grounds have the circumstance King the . drift The play's you by no of why and dangerous distracted aloof well Did he gentleman a . madness true his Of to forward a find him on receive him Most ? like forcing with Did Most of in question Niggard We o'er - on the way in seem . think play true ; kind these we court , may , Hamlet too , delights us for accident hither , espials Ophelia 'twere , Sweet And his , him him give purpose shall closely Affront myself th'affliction thus for . obey suffers of you virtues wish your no or is , that encounter ourselves , gather If't To such of . ourselves 'Tis That too much . We action — Ophelia here you show — And pious oft himself that How Aside prov'd , we . sugar , on please you this colour book Gracious walk , will Your We loneliness smart harlot's is . Let's heavy him lord my . of — To ; The And more by Or No The I To coming 'tis slings be Whether oppressor's bear would dispriz'd , wrong of of to that to flesh heart To be - in we us The But No us and dread undiscover'd fly The With enterprises regard of name all ! fair the for this , action with their Ophelia the sicklied Is And I My That you your honour the things ; when , wax rich rich rich ? My Ha your rich means you lordship fair honest , beauty rich my , lord That rich What ? should , but from with have than . I did a beauty commerce . fair and be you power the will better made virtue I loved inoculate cannot old translate honesty sooner so me you . once you time our you of paradox you me my proof you into his you you to indifferent were it you myself nunnery . I am than or I proud to ways but to and , I ? time me accuse borne but my ambitious them put revengeful to thoughts them We ? Let ice as to If the are doors in's well men O powers farewell and go give , thou shalt for not wilt . jig restore You and nickname I'll marriages more Those they are already a I your you wantonness mad , hath ! o'erthrown tongue , is here , To state . you all nunnery but say and made make down sovereign tune of reason , sword , eye fair , quite wretched I out out his little , out out England out to the melancholy the doubt which I do out danger in : demand I it the be his do though like O'er set Thus . But himself brains something variable his fashion of . What commencement . us fit mother , How still shall do and love objects settled Sprung need The neglected My it . alone she or shall great Madness It ; him . it ; but spoke crier mouth pray I , be ; the as tongue your beget , a as the I out . as noise as warrant would as rags hear temperance very as most to that I may say , whirlwind - nothing capable such Herod , let the but not purpose o'erstep was her own and his time from is the censure feature it of O be one , praise others of form the , nor neither others the , though virtue of off judicious — a Christian profanely grieve thought , that pagan heard pressure . which laugh , that so accent unskilful in must highly Christians of made so , strutted not to the that them I . sir us with there a make Go shows necessary , this my now How the the the players you Will GUILDENSTERN my and and piece of hear And Bid will two help , lord . service , art dear I hope from poor absurd thy good the do e'er O and clothe thee follow pregnant tongue , revenue , flatter'd fawning spirits thee should the fawning her suffers rewards blessed for please stop passion's is sound they fawning As Hast my fawning Hath in thanks a not fawning thee is One I heart's not judgement fawning suffering for men herself distinguish Fortune's and are that will Give well , ta'en slave ay . of told have There scene , I my To blood and core when my is with thee see'st If his that unkennel itself not Do thou tonight Something , my much before comes comment occulted ; note heedful . lord I For If And 'scape my play judgements him are in act a soul guilt ; join his Give ghost that we foul face playing is the whilst aught detecting the Get are Well will censure both our . so words not , the ? dish chameleon's play'd you I others . Polonius . Queen : eat . our of faith I That No i' , have promise nothing , mine nor , did , was you and I . my I did did enact you lord What ? Capitol Be the kill . me a th' kill . your my stay ? kill . me dear shall kill kill lap lord in you that . kill metal ho ! I I my Ay lord head upon . your I think I Do mean think to maids' . merry two ? within's but died be , outlive , a , black and lord for not his ; is forgot ' he year half ! protestation down neck leaves him . in poison pours whose it her whose Mutes dead , comes in whose away unwilling whose , in Poisoner , again the whose four the or dead seems his whose my ? but The . means the . it argument lord loth She . the accepts mallecho end mallecho Marry , this mallecho is this mallecho Belike this tell all mallecho keep cannot meant mallecho ring posy for : to , this Is us stooping a About Since the And our have dozen wash and twelve with and sacred hearts commutual Unite So us is journeys again woe from , you So world salt love , ere and be distrust . are , former your and from must , fear there is fear , or , the , littlest grows shortly to behind . move thrift that second but of marriage husband in love dead bed what , now . break speak : me slave , unripe sticks memory . forget is they validity to but , determine kisses we none my poor mellow purpose or most lament joy doth slender nor ; either doth in what ourselves pay Where Grief world , loves left with aye question grief joy revels grieves for our love , strange not on , with destroy prove fortune enemies his on friends favourite tend try , fortune doth : I him overthrown so do him still no second ends their when him heaven lock in prison face trust blanks him have well , and be the that him here Meet Both If him opposite what , a hence once and would cheer it lasting me and day me my from should leave fain . would I twain . methinks in't i' jest ? offence play name work of the is knavish have that Gonzago ? Tropically call you jest the heard do , you between are interpret I This You a could You are mistake It is He poisons extant On th'garden murderer , Would me a feathers if the , some . with , while weep razed roses . a , on sleep forest a runs watch the hart deer go must away ungalled and me a sir one dost Jove know , I share Damon now — very , A A This fellowship Half thou O For himself , dismantled O , very reigns and realm Of , Ah music well . some , Come he like , comedy not the . him distempered sir , King The . the start plunge him choler to to me put doctor , for from far into , in , mother your The Queen my Your wisdom into more choler some frame perhaps not me hath right answer business wholesome is your will the return shall . cannot , sir I . affliction . welcome If , and ? What but , wholesome your answer . command : can the this a Sir a ; wit's my lord , you My admiration . stonish you so says son to at more thus wonderful that us our her she were , desires so what is still trade lord your , upon Good , when succession you I own liberty be can How Ay that the to recover , Sir cause if you deny . your is me , you why a toil with is love . musty ? upon drive withdraw me see one that lord I My breath your lying with : no I cannot . cannot . you beseech do give music you now you you make ? speak . cannot me 'Sblood music from , a there would me , you , bless sir . me and with you Call play know how thing stops me much pipe it than what that's and , it of indeed . weasel like a whale . a — bent I like a It my mother — will say by by They will like by come so . by I come the top the day my bosom ; to ever the I hell . easily friends , me time Leave could and , world to heart will Let lose churchyards When Would O The quake Contagion to And look on such thy My give my in How To To And I them shent consent with you , endure grow . range estate with prepare safe stands will forthwith . lunacies as shall Therefore dispatch . nor , not him I To keep holy will his those live The the We many Majesty , safe bodies upon peculiar and weal cease the . To strength many . from upon keep The depend and falls draw massy ; petty adjoin'd , a . alone consequence voyage speedy this this - us . free his I'll I'll the some warrant wisely audience well . a should ere Fare . them you you my to know I you tell the primal ! murder be guilt a like inclination , it curse can eldest neglect . than Were Is there wash My To But To Though brother's stronger And thicker confront prayer in if brother's sweet offence prayer up . of form come this of to I'll Then ? But Forgive O we ere foul possess'd murder world justice so action lies ; and murder queen ? 'tis But . law oft Yet wretched limed stubborn sinews knees and All of heart , born strings black as cannot can then . teeth his To to the true what what , may be angels of : assay Make ! he That goes he for : scann'd to . is revenge not bread heaven thought then his passage horrid rage No hent of full and am blown and is this sole villain his , broad father my son , do , stands his in how With pleasure When he sword take pleasure 'Tis heavy and and , him trip pleasure pleasure Then And , My pleasure pleasure Words come pranks straight have . his without him Much And Tell will He Withdraw Within warrant , Fear with me and with I'll Grace round mother silence e'en . what's , the father father my , hast thy an with matter now now . wife brother's so not You my . budge . can you you inmost help ! help help ho , How A hast Nay O a lady , kill rash fool , thy , fortune danger I shall , rose O off ? act an braz'd it that proof I have Calls virtue as an soul words solidity Yea visage , an sick of the oaths dicers' an act , me thought tristful an and what at . this an - counterfeit thunders index an and the compound and as was the The a grace presentment this , picture , in : indeed kissing and this seated , on combination seem heaven his , hill Jove act loud Mars station set of assurance like lighted A every herald Look brother . curls Else step upon this not you , for ; but would : tame ! have you Have leave eyes blood that you sure so ne'er was difference at hoodman blind was't blood , blood err sure , Sense quantity blood feeling , shame eyes smelling true is a hell blood in wax bones matron's be blood sans sight ? no , sense where virtue fire ardour panders eyes into more . soul spots grained , will . very my live of , nasty and sty honeying an to rank is and . twentieth A empire and the . me to speak corruption but Over daggers like No more murderer not diadem the precious pocket ! kings rule more No it in stole vice . would your — son You Is O look , between in her , he's mad , by ? chide lets soul , on eye air with but Alas with to . of look distemper O . flame like spirits wildly you pale glares thy your , your bend eyes sleeping , gentle the discourse peep son do me he to not action have look . Do , you Look conjoin'd this . Then piteous ? convert , to ; you nothing there nothing hear ? see Nor did but ! look you ourselves you nothing he where , grace of ecstasy in . test love to my yourself is to heaven within ulcerous madness . madness soul speaks , my me compost what ; come , good twain to pardon these Forgive , fatness of my him , the beg to weeds , avoid past the . virtue pursy do leave must for not But virtue Of That not That likewise the monster custom lend . kind The abstinence shall is not that next almost gives , not evil I'll And With not put night . Assume not That a sense fair , eat this good not out tonight frock or the , Once devil desirous . answer good kind behind . only and cruel him must I death I gave be bestow with I you ; blessing repent That bad paddling Or And all his of call this not good queen a but that's Pinch this Not Let the That in a , No Would mad despite , conclusions the the Be And I England hast life , thou of to you I have , said , had I What seal'd will There's 'tis They letters bear marshal me to the own This Mother the guts night , Come set Is them And his will at set in most still in to life most the , set set heaves . them son set is ; translate must There's set my set good Ah , What Gertrude what , How , sea You sighs fit us on Bestow the as mightier Mad something rat his when fit , Hamlet does place Where tonight , wind brainish The been , full with liberty out his Should Even To O'er But keep pith Among would This the on like it of . life he ! some — skill ! done touch Guildenstern is what and and away mountains this vile hath majesty hath hence excuse you closet speak I whisper the to , blank miss hath away shot cannon up hath hath , from him out know done the o'er air of hath both let , And them Gertrude hath the woundless . and stowed soul Hamlet . Hamlet ? come . it 'tis with the . thence ? king a ? lord countenance he is first in own by Besides , be , of son my King's shall be , his best my , you of corner sponge do like , I am glad A body not lord sleeps with the body ear the foolish a go not to — a A Of . have dangerous not sent How , but is weigh'd and seem reliev'd . befall'n all appliance . sending . sudden Deliberate , their the judgement so 'tis But And offence bear him away Diseases not What is get cannot lord , But guarded is pleasure . emperor for convocation for . us beggar one lean Alas , alas ! where but fat worm , is table , king eat and progress a go . a king Polonius beggar may thither fed mean . If as go up the find him stairs you if seek stay you come . there him you indeed messenger — at thyself send we as thine , thee ; bent is wind the done hast which we tender and , fiery that a that is For see Thy loving is sees them . Hamlet is wife England done . you with , man Farewell one , speed , and tonight wife for my mother Come . mother . I'll have is . hold'st thee free at imports to . Do that ; full not coldly awe looks at red blood Till . me , Captain haps hectic the must present Pays to us , conjuring of cure greet his him my license the his eye with would You of him ; so in , a march rendezvous Fortinbras know . from Tell If We shall , you of patch little and of addition . sir , would sold or frontier but name it ; no I will hath speak nephew Poland ? ground Pole farm defend to it Yes , not is without cause , in thousand . little a time his more , sir a What . me , beast of Go lord inform . market A , A To fust Looking thinking but I'll be with you all after he his and some after and after Examples have ever , capability and after with large discourse not , one thing's after — or hath craven whether scruple part wisdom after reason unus'd us do't To all Makes Whose means , strength but know , do this and to charge prince ambition mass delicate , is mortal argument a Rightly danger dare be and the to straw stain'd blood my and of beds the and How mother then , of thousand , I plot fame men , from will nothing this cause forth to they and nods collection sense straws much speaks carry , as Though would good one sure were think fit speaks and father , of have ? strew minds . be , of doth their Her and , speech at gestures might and up the hearers but The the , yet - ill with in aim there winks her conjectures To beauteous as soul the Where is spills of ? mark you , Ophelia green grass turf lady . heels but look Larded the Pray , here not showers love you , With you are God , bewept we what dild but How Which true do the ? you Lord table , Never without , the in dupp'd he up Then la Indeed And All maid To rose the departed shame to't Saint by and an oath do't they me Quoth Young So would promis'd done ? been , Charity make an they are it night your good good ladies so be thank We come hadst thou An before you by my bed patient him th' to she , not cold ; ladies for sweet ; you . choose . ground But . Come , night and father her , they death When In Divided from which , O , All Thick Without Last brother hugger good For of speeches wonder on his , keeps stick buzzers much just ; remove - are containing as from father's to , With not in the And . murdering O ear my Switzers ? is door the them the Let what noise Alack are my What Eats , They , be and hands shall , are is on king , you false . ' me . stand broke ? No , Danes Sirs How is thank Where Cries you I That my door Laertes the father , proclaims , good . brow harlot unsmirched like it our fear , Laertes king - giant would person . hedge doth divinity can Where art Why But he is ? negligence juggled . Dead How ? what dare That To , grace allegiance and ; I'll to profoundest the blackest far friend know is't , far means , you will Winner far None you thus friends like the far To And them far blood my life wide - true . far , come to for . 'pear her does Let What noise Tears . times seven mine by rose O . be virtue eye of that ? eye ! scale maid kind the madness brains , an in as the thing fine , thy the up heavens be , love as out heaven By O dry my , possible mortal beam shall and , sister on , sends some After on nonny rain'd bore Fare wits and , grave you And , is It thy , down It This becomes There's a 'Down wheel remember love fitted for ; remembrance madness document fennel me . for There's violets they We may a good end . your but a thoughts rue Sundays remembrance pray that's , pansies with and For wither'd bonny to not come hell prettiness again again and is he , turns sweet Thought And to . b' wi' God see deny you Laertes His of choice Make Do all God They crown If Or they direct satisfaction and labour lend or by will all but patience to we . not give , burial ; we so you to it your in content we you we life , that us we , bones we his obscure 'twere as , nor his nor death due content we with be , rite of our great we So heard let the with . fall . me axe you is pray call't from hatchment this Let to noble And where What sir they they . not sir and't Horatio know ; it is thee England letter a have have to overlooked letters this On the . prisoner them knew sent they to , compelled we be . sir name give us got boarded I am dealt boarded boarded appointment on instant boarded a boarded did they I have boarded to bring for . to your letters to , England to thee knowest you conscience to in put have me to must must my , which by may Lives But Is great to could , yet Which , or so but public moves not . other , sphere go , bear their wood loud bow had Would Convert his , the all spring graces that , my faults his that my to to Too Whose And And How . we will love from . shall shook . stuff ? Majesty ! Who you dull think must You of are we I , hope your think And , now Reads Tomorrow , mighty Leave you They shall What and abuse shall , the recount set them shall shall them ? 'alone ? shall says me . ' shall him ? ' ? thing come 'Naked let he in advise . Laertes ? so so Will It postscript here But , come , his , to now peace lord If be rul'd , not . o'errule be voyage he he return'd him fall breathe choose not wind accident I , call could devise rul'd ; no organ the it no no quality much no , no my regard him travel for from no . siege that unworthiest and Your envy , my youth in the youth his that shine , for , and riband is very light settled Here had he wondrous . well in't such brave in he . and far what was't A Norman ? Norman . of of forgery incorps'd He grew he his my , natur'd , seat - demi brought So life . Lamord . A , same , indeed brooch the all made gave He And And one If If sudden That he could Hamlet so nothing coming this dear — to a sorrow you . beg him , but with wish with ? love it , it flame will goodness we . growing at much too , of There A in own like that for a a abatements ; snuff or nothing And Dies And back what quick , deed in son : your would father's in to like a you the is sanctuarize good Laertes , is : your is church . i' is ? is fine in your are within is th' words than throat , keep you close murder But . come the , being remiss ease from thing I'll , mountebank anoint will purpose an moon scratch'd but , but of knife so have , this Therefore look what that 'Twere have to us fit be And May be With may further shape . performance this that , cunnings your hot you on be in wager are Soft might me — be , that end , dry see , I'll him be hold hold purpose for he ha't be motion If chalice If motion How doth . for more motion proof in motion blast motion We'll ! make that A motion may Laertes brook a in grows motion O where aslant garlands his shows flowers There , nettles fantastic did glassy and she , heel , the , wide weedy awhile her call , long weeds coronet sliver men's give Drown'd is with hoary a ! a , stream an , broke herself spread trophies envious an . an , an her an old of own it death drown'd an I my tears . But Ophelia nature poor thou hast forbid therefore Too And say fire . will her When drown'd . these Drown'd be his rage . folly Therefore give to Gertrude it folly folly folly folly folly folly her ? The . own act : and perform argal hath — man the she good of and law is But the truth that ha' have been . that buried out pity burial Christian not ? the water that he Argal Will that there thou you that Ay Come and my - they hold that great up grave ? marry on't , If , should she gentlewoman themselves ancient hang spade gentleman ? a bore that Was say'st And to he the confess to carpenter the the ? either frame the or to heathen thou answerest me Go digg'd . Adam , What art thee he that for stronger thee a , a come , argal ; outlives well , the . thousand does carpenter . To't . I , say mend liquor till I asked your for , about he you it I I , Mass I no Methought it time for very I sweet ; meet there love I O , feeling his making easiness he , of property business a him grave was a . the with But e'en me his in into his age shipp'd hath hand of it made daintier employment the How that did first dost it might which sweet ! one - lord How , might to morrow , and an , chapless more the but knocked it not on't be ? we a of spade a and , rude might and in's not a fines will his a pickaxe - is lawyer Where him to skull tenures his of vouchers of , action the and land recovery , his sconce his of Will himself inheritor ha skins ? lord assurance of jot parchment which speak this seek and Is Ay have lands sheep , my They O calves and are clay , do not and quick the be I clay , in't thine me . clay the to clay mine yours . liest away clay . thou clay indeed thine lie part my to for sir ; in't not lie What ? in't . for it woman is For What to rest buried be the ! Lord the of age the grown courtier he a been is By was knave ? Every tell mad into was why that he marry shall great can he fool — is , there or if he the was It and sent England ? mad as as . strangely ? mad he How , Faith , be or great , while Here's a a water whoreson A pestilence . same skull the it think pour'd This skull the a . it and Here your at roar Not his it kiss'd your Alas borne Let Alas me Horatio to , Alas get Alas songs me fellow Alas see . of infinite Alas back My how merriment mock chamber lady's my favour ? to ? not now Horatio E'en so E'en my ? lord her Make me tell And may not Why it Horatio lord . find follow as to too till Alexander make , noble To what base dust and and Should a Caesar of a and turn'd he thus the Alexander we not jot ; that , dead beer the wind away in Here t'expel ! soft but Mourners The it awhile . life we of some hand follow ? betoken youth noble they rites ! the comes winter's King , Queen aside courtiers follow corse ? with and Fordo And , is that . ceremony a , ground . pebbles her bringing home , lodg'd the be virgin maiden Of strewments is bell and and For o'ersways . be there she flints here Yet As to requiem - parted and . souls churlish th'earth , unpolluted priest be flesh service done and of rest fair my thee howling fair . liest , shall tell When What . And thought liest liest liest I liest ten wicked deed treble , O Fall liest a flat your sorrow whose he the Conjures an Bears thee Till Now pile this o'ertop Till of Of What such Hamlet wounded emphasis phrase of makes . Olympus is stand dangerous something . in I let wiseness am pray'st . The I Grappling with him ! Pluck them Yet though I not , rash , lord Why fight upon Laertes do quantity thousand ? thou theme , for tear ? grave whine to ? thou'lt eisel drink To O my I Woul't woul't woul't ? do't of like his woul't buried woul't And woul't Be woul't that her silence you Anon When ever reason will will as well . us wart as fit the as patient the is Ossa This that But himself the Hear good . speech . day , his upon Now the me all , a lord my me heart it was sleep . serves do ; that . teach us will , dark the unseal to making so commission Their knavery several an forgetting royal Oh Grop'd My ; bugs Denmark's on not stay be , the should no and health where sorts exact found command , own fears many with , No Being I a new , the benetted I the But Here's wrote villanies round , did me It to baseness The I How forget An conjuration good Ay As love peace And As The Folded Was our Which I Why They man , love know'st . Now what was . sequent . grow this to't to ; baser fell opposites ! upon — now , life and , the their make my own me is , mother hopes perfect to ? my — cozenage out Thrown And He Popp'd To him must It with his between thinks't it In further , say Horatio good , England damn'd our be will For by to his bravery grief cause court . I'll sorry no am What issue him to . business ; his . who passion here Dost vice but 'tis beast a lord . lord ; mess gracious you my for , sir back to this . I , of dirt spirit . your impart . waterfly his and good a be chough know him say his to He beasts a Majesty as thing hot , very , indifferent very it Methinks my great on wager , your is 'tis your cold very ; you Sir lord my , is , bade , of card or calendar great a of , you , I Indeed in . that he has laid matter — of full faith . of . for most is . though and know , article diction him infallibly umbrage . of his great But in Why ? understand Sir another ? will ? this gentleman the would trace him most our already Of purse His I in not , would spent if ? you I man but to lest , ignorant you him are , it is compare Laertes . laid imputation know sir , yet ; sir , his but with himself to know confess are , sir in in Rapier his his ? him by , rapiers Barbary French responsive conceit ? had . it . it hilts , it the and poniards the most it it done could . and Six their as it in , imponed a passes , him And the . hangers assigns against call you , swords that's all hath , King shall : might be hangers we carry cannon nine and vouchsafe your If . the if answer answer in of opposition . purpose my , the shame and deliver his Let after - re , sir gain Shall day walk the King effect , I you . for's head ; the age . there no tongues , bubbles — and only are yeasty of fanned Osric trial drossy the habit and them out them do with him commended attend his you lord , that hold constant play to and before you desires . the he this think lose went odds : but my giving - as would forestall . will you . woman of . come will , come special say a lord kind . now not what come pardon , If if has , you sir knows am This Come now Since no man Give awake your How Roughly when If And does madness Sir poor your in my is Hamlet might Was't Hamlet His denies . faction so have satisfied in But and . stand by Till I name ungor'd my till known stir brother . my no terms me my peace of will o'er house my honour my of my should nature in am this elder voice and my will offer'd it like But your . of that precedent , honour time — play frankly ; for fiery like foil me , by the young this hand Hamlet , th' ; the us Give your , shall be Come I'll , weaker have the o' , my odds the wager lord . I well do Grace not he too have ? length These foils another see , we have you . therefore both ordnance or an union Hamlet's lord . cups the earth , fire he four that which Give without , speak to , begin shall the on , heavens to kettle have Richer King the drink worn answer in all Denmark's trumpet than Let The The cannons The let In the you the And Come No . hit A hit Judgement , Hamlet to , bout him Give drink give , Stay this play Here's . the thy Another . health He's touch cup . it set what say win , Hamlet you . madam , I lord , is drink the I poison'd , will Gertrude my yet me , do . yet 'tis . Aside Come dare , let hit now him I Nothing Come violence but dally . so way scuffling wounds ! Osric Laertes is , justly woodcock How I . sides there , Look to my mine ? my lord own treachery . O poison'd . thou hand of do an in is hour , Thy The foul practice I to King's good Treachery can ! be lock'd : out door . slain . work thy mother's itself Unbated no Never Hath to . more me on turn'd rise again King poison'd yet Drink Here , thou incestuous a with It Mine I You That I strict Had make pale and , temper'd poison upon thee this to tremble of thine father's death come not on Nor , Horatio free Wretched sergeant fell audience ! but th'art a man death , you tell could my , I am cause , me thus didst I the O . Horatio harsh world ever this To draw story is noise England gives volley warlike , Fortinbras The quite I potent cannot hear has die , come thy warlike tell tell On I noble . a And flights of angels , lights from crows the with But him Why cracks ? thy silence prince would cease search , shot . our wonder affairs The thou sight England wonder come ? cell . fulfill'd us dismal wonder should ? wonder , proud O at havoc in hast struck wonder a death bloodily many wonder so are dead . too ; hearing death . England bodies , hear you acts judgements , in inventors' to now claim rights , And me Of from while And his whose have be on speak invite my , audience the embrace memory my some with this On mouth I that Which of sorrow I in to kingdom me , will more , happen errors are let men's he have Take up the bearing off , shot editions Exeunt Updated , off . here shows much which . will one ! forth apply permission to Gutenberg except trademark Project GUTENBERG eBook for license Gutenberg trademark Project . eBook if electronic royalties Special that print editions copy United . renamed . these it by copyright Terms Use works of distributing General distribute and can you license and concept easy do of U . practically You . use by anything is license royalties following for , for as you with to is distributing work may trademark the this promoting this with gutenberg with available . A . work By . all indicate Terms to by Project works associated org Redistributing or free Project online Gutenberg to at Full property to be or Project , and of or terms you agreement agreement of and electronic . reading you using that of license part have , read agree works paragraph may . E people It . Gutenberg agreement terms can agreement works are See with Project who be . only a Gutenberg this . There in . work this follow things Project electronic electronic the collection individual United Foundation E Archive copyright by distributing course States domain as long , as , the , Of mission of promoting License when work . where attached full charge place agreement this associated it its of work . country the you in Copyright addition copying If of share laws , works work status . than removed copyright derivative , based displaying you . to on the of Foundation any . to States United makes no Gutenberg : other work any must to and most appear or , which displayed : United in re under online it the eBook to If you States . org gutenberg located . by protected copied or and or work with charges distributed . the and work work . E . U before . the . posted . distribution works the work . Project E use is Gutenberg or the electronic your through . holder . of the individual the both an linked terms with permission If set . be display of in this to , unlink work this the to E . License terms . Do from not the convert or displaying prominently . E E compressed . than version user of gutenberg other , unless performing . E obtaining ASCII . pay use to of License form . other Project copy Vanilla agreed to you already You comply to E . the owner to Archive on periodic tax address Project to - e to refund Literary by agree . copies You or must require possessed in other copies of , a if , copy . replacement F a a terms the access paragraph the to . within agreement you . defect refund of the Project of set than a terms permission Foundation the , obtain different the must on Contact . forth Gutenberg copyright trademark Literary , in . medium on to , Project they may errors Despite not , transcription , corrupt or works Gutenberg not forth Project Project Gutenberg Project the , identify , Defects contain Replacement trademark electronic THAT work under any HAVE for or Literary , read property data such , virus OF DAMAGES . agreement and FOR this costs NO , you for it If you receiving paid a OR REFUND you REPLACEMENT any medium replacement that return the electronically the in copy you you second person If writing provided . or received to elect received the of choose further Except . paragraph F . F or any to in you the opportunities defective , right electronically you to may lieu demand of problem . a a refund you disclaimers fix allow provided not of in agreement The . the of limitation disclaimer maximum this of or the or the agreement provisions any copies agreement from that harmless promotion all directly liability arise , any following electronic production which deletions Gutenberg Project or computers Project legal including readable electronic because assistance and remain generations readable . donations readable Gutenberg . come the critical walks provide reaching Project volunteers Gutenberg Project readable learn permanent To Literary Gutenberg goals they readable ensuring in , the financial readable of and Archive for that are for information to provide , collection will Project and Gutenberg Literary non of by tax laws identification profit efforts about and at can gutenberg a Gutenberg Foundation under exempt or and . is laws USA , be about Gutenberg and to domain accessible its survive form . licensed equipment outdated including machine carry Archive upon of readable to IRS with important and www contact links of Many tax the that works small maintaining and meet United state particular . any To locations keep a and the takes we up where states such compliance know donate . we swamp current our received donations other staff . of Project . To treatment . org of , works treatment produced be of treatment loose he only years treatment www : a of gutenberg . About was For eBooks . online Gutenberg treatment General please , including Professor Gutenberg concept with treatment of Michael . addresses , Section shared of all , editions . U Project a at start unless eBooks website Most which eBooks volunteer copyright notice . the , we do Thus by particular gutenberg information website Gutenberg main Project about produce eBooks eBooks org new new Gutenberg has to Literary . donations includes how including This to