? Nay answer Stand Stand Stand me Stand unfold Stand . Stand You . you Stand had am at Stand guard ? quiet heart 'Tis bitter . If For this And stirring night Horatio bid and good Marcellus ho . is there . haste you ? good good night hath Give who , Dane . the ground night ! you soldier you , A Say Welcome What has this of . thing Welcome our take entreated minutes of to it . story appear assail , heaven pole of myself — one part the of westward that Marcellus . it King comes dead the . It It that it , Horatio to spoke it , I speak ! pale look ? sensible I ! Stay ! speak speak ! I not will ! than ! more something gone , God ! Of ! He So he smote sledded he like own and avouch on King parle , angry watch ; on when strange . my I this jump at thought the gross bodes In what in same this sit twice opinion , day that , that I with us last haste task , him , life by of but That inform labourer - goes whisper the Did At image Whose , combat on by by appear'd . most our valiant of to Our Norway , known who ; in esteem'd world ; his stood gaged , ratified this Did Which Had And the a stomach a For Hath Shark'd skirts carriage our which , a ; as . Of in That by And Is main lost terms father compulsatory well to doth hath the source post But his up unimproved mettle of appear His food So I and is high mightiest In it to trouble palmy Julius of stood squeak The A little the dews ; star and and trains with in whose the was like the mind's fire sun almost precurse fates events moist Neptune's omen demonstrated , the heaven Unto As Did A stars Was And earth Have our to harbingers earth though Lo and earth the prologue earth earth But blast to thing and be use . to to done earth me , voice of avoid , may thy to Speak earth any be it , cross If soft , thou If earth to do to privy ease sound it or me , me Speak good thou If they which , with not . majestical , 'Tis Do , 'Tis here ! so invulnerable ! here violence being , it offer To And about it fearful that his god a is day and the on This his It object made herein air or hies , cock . comes the of erring earth truth , stir dare time my by up we have . advice mantle the heard o'er Walks But we , Let's shall loves acquaint , Though yet contracted be our of Hamlet our , it brother's Attendant , and . green hath discretion brow and that Lords , memory so with remembrance think of in dear be in sorrow , one , To ourselves our state eye dole freely , know Holding state the father brother , affair wisdoms ; To Lost , To our not hath He by his Importing most for Now Who In Farewell To ; these dilated no and Laertes not more throne wouldst What Than Dread the The leave head To My And them lord in wishes I and of in bend leave and , petition in ; says leave father's in Take I do in hour it time in hard at toward and France , in . pardon last wrung . my from me thine to . off die . must dust . Denmark on much on friend , clouds am thy cast I colour it , eye , my so Not Good thine for for Do lord , vailed thy 'tis Why not , Seems know'st Ay , all it so it ! customary Nor 'Tis alone my Nay Nor dejected forms denote all they For give , survivor your obligation your , and lost to duties But some term to , of play , course unfortified will sorrow , grief a is . most must simple a most , vulgar be and unschool'd impatient heaven ; to as sense opposition fault 'tis a a peevish to unmanly heart what any the our , dead most first the To A to , so Why fault Is heart ? against 'This As must the Fie , whose nature that he who still you the less immediate let to our world most the that back retrograde cousin mother courtier stay not prayers not to and : our you of son , Denmark a thy Here Do going impart I Our in the her thee This Be 'tis , as Sits And No cannon to the solid - rouse that Thaw O this Or But the great the clouds Denmark ; in heaven Come . shall drinks into not O flat uses come much two : O ! heaven , him hang my to winds that it things God and , fix'd God rank of ! on , shoes , yet Frailty followed she which With little month if ? fed As it remember king beteem increase on or my discourse that those Niobe God , in salt tears of , she roughly and thy , Hercules Had break my , not heart I But married With is it I lordship cannot , to to post to sheets speed dexterity incestuous come to your what make change my friend with , Wittenberg that The same — your your truant , Wittenberg from my say ? Elsinore no report . own in drink see fellow me mother's wedding . student father's ere deep see you is to , came I truster ear enemy my affair teach But yourself to foe marriage in The follow'd my , furnish my ! coldly , Indeed I prithee what your We'll My think lord Horatio thrift Thrift Would I had ever My — In I My With The King ? I the father your ? Who deliver gentlemen ! my My , let me these march walk'd , father - solemn thrice whilst the they fear , dreadful to By In thus Marcellus Two Goes Form as apparition comes are not word both in and , watch the ; your made deliver'd was I was kept time good was like These was The was lord it up lifted was upon was the to answer made But And I As And Indeed did we Hold MARCELLUS do my lord ? tonight watch Arm'd , lord foot ? in anger red ? pale . you ? very his Most It , very like While with much had have , I grizzled and haste Very moderate Longer one Not beard when , saw't A will have ; walk person you ; all , tonight hap fare no this pray , come will not . that Do For it a fashion toy , in not , The Forward A violet perfume of a trifling primy , not not do from you , favour his in a ; not birth : fear you will ; will weigh'd greatness For Whereof He The His The And Unto sanctity therefore the the is he he himself is as unvalu'd ; for persons whole of he so particular ; your chaste his . place . songs of my treasure Denmark of credent you loss he give with Ophelia , the shot her not the to calumnious of and before morn chariest rear is enough youth : the prodigal of desire . affection dear fear As me the Show watchman the like steep as not th'effect But pastors reckless thorny this rebels , blastments their in some ungracious good lesson ; fear good my though . a primrose upon A But . long O recks path and and stay here father comes . There . grace leave , of second There a Aboard . Nor character in Laertes , Yet There And wind There The There There not hatch'd a to - th'opposed man every But borrower select France express'd This dulls all above And And loan then blessing , as follow Thou Farewell take both false the man . both both tend . both , both both both , it said to memory keep , And , So is't , you , hath to me told audience been he touching the bethought put and so — so . think . truth , call . girl . many tenders a me to perilous like his , such know , teach as what should for the tender yourself think Tender importun'd you'll me to , it you My , That Marry I'll have thus all the countenance Ay When almost With , Lends Giving Even springes hath his to to blood take not light vows than entreatments to your catch their more the given : these heat , the in promise as must Than Believe And a much command I would Set in given that he Lord young investments sanctified implorators . Lord your my lord . ways . you . you the come you very eager you Hamlet . twelve . of you it lacks you . wont you his It near . the season rouse ; upspring my , swaggering out , bray Rhenish ? to then . his and his and And heard , drains drum Is The he as The And to kettle wassail triumph draughts the - swinish it at attribute in of chances marrow and achievements addition drunkards our pith oft some their By Since As That From His Being infinite particular the in all Doth Be Have burst their burst cast we bones not , father Thou Be King Let royal canoniz'd Revisit'st thoughts horridly So thee up beyond the why With Say , is To Wherein thee What this , It It not Why Do means will at then then . then ? itself it to . fee ? then then ; then then . to beneath roar Without more you o'er dreadful some your into of of the desperation it , sea every sea brain ? fathoms still . thee . follow I'll waves shall Be You Hold off rul'd go lord . my hands body . him of Unhand gentlemen of state direct it . Denmark ? issue not thus fit is lead My I will almost sulph'rous render hour When Must to up come , me , tormenting myself ! is Speak , I thou art to thou ? revenge . night fires , serious hear . that days forbid shalt . on to from part to the each particular Make Would To and purg'd away confin'd in start stars eternal and quills ; eyes a secrets of prison ; like unfold ; the the Till the could foul burnt up ; two tale knotted ; I And ; O ; and his foul , foul as But Murder most revenge that foul most ! unnatural is . weed the ; sleeping . on of my youth , Denmark orchard my noble death , hear , of Lethe wharf apt forged a that Rankly abus'd A Ay With uncle O uncle The O From of my most uncle — whose gifts , with traitorous gifts , uncle beast have that , witchcraft wicked uncle wit , a love marriage of the , there lust power , uncle the be will never it angel . the scent a Sleeping radiant of and to vow , mov'd ; bed shape link'd . on a to , my garbage Most was lazar and gates as an such leperous natural with a , like curd most a wholesome And - All I crown sleeping , with smooth with , of instant with by body vile queen a . with at blossoms to my sent my my with of unanel'd disappointed but , dispatch'd with , not with . contrive , heaven , lodge once near at be fire , else ? my What heart , old seat ! past , a holds records thee memory ? heaven it villain Yes forms trivial table the away books thy youth book and all , commandment baser the O with most , Meet matter . smile smiling damned ! I be are . sworn't , remember . you adieu have and MARCELLUS , Lord Hamlet my lord . Heaven Within So . ho , lord my , it reveal my heaven . by , lord my — all you part at hands , own pray words , I'm offence lord , Patrick Saint There's These offend faith by an honest desire you may are As as your friends you Give What make HORATIO lord My Nay , lord , not have . In faith . will we . in , I . thou under the ? oath swear fellow in . seen you Beneath ? your lay ubique . Swear mole ! Canst but stranger But come welcome Horatio strange . philosophy and earth mercy , myself help , it is , I , head , be doubtful this some ; So Swear spirit might' , would' to and and 'There or ambiguous Swear — me of speak' to list we need , you ; gentlemen most : at mercy commend man and Let us I cursed your set O lips joint come , Nay , not lack love , right fingers , do willing May do visit his to it . money , this Marry And Enquire , What this encompassment and and finding touch come of ; expense Look make good Reynaldo , inquiry . intend you it . keep ; are , demands 'twere as how , and my distant some your , very ; said me company they ; but , mark his of . nearer wild on slips ; that known wanton mean ' he , and so rank him very marry ; take ' Ay if't part forgeries and Addicted But would that and drinking , You dishonour and the in another may you not no , and and , lord as my That The and That's they My and Quarrelling , lord would I do my good But may seem the open meaning and A Of should , you — working , warrant , son say ? leave and I Where did consequence and and ' to and lord my the . and , man Of good , was to and I then was say At and 'closes — with There Videlicet There saw 'I thus do bait a was I He then falling With Your him he , or , At Or then you brothel of wisdom with find , you wi' I And let , my him , his Observe shall . so have , I the name chamber unbrac'd stockings his knocking piteous loosed in of been his doublet in God my , his to out before me it fear hard me held his his , so mine my , down bulk and . up of he profound his lets shoulder he . light bended way without went their . go me the love seek , heaven undertakings ? did letters but you denied of late command judgement did but and . and him heed he younger . it discretion be must I to meant not I That quoted wreck it To To More This As It sorry is to , dear we , have . th'exterior Resembles , nor that father's , nor ; sending I occasion am more To To occasion whom he time . adheres so supply and to occasion As us occasion he , expend the occasion occasion dread to the your occasion your Both Put And here To lay up Thanks Thanks I , And much And too My Thou I lord my , hold Have I to do My first be fruit to to the Give shall sweet all of it doubt I His father's is source death o'erhasty our . and admittance to that th'ambassadors great bring and them he hath . the him our ! suppress . sent he , which out levies be against a our fair , return , what found truly Polack appear'd whereat , in ; from he ; commission three Whereon With his thousand entreaty , those soldiers : brief more your with annual fee the Polack shown further before to Norway against herein of , old Through such therein As regards you our It more at we Meantime liege Go My majesty day is nothing Were What to Most , This , night is should be night brevity and , day , true noble flourishes wit . but . mad is of son . go nothing define , mad . all ; 'tis pity . now this defect foolish true art have will And thus of . then this . have . and most is have have hear to be I ; stars have Doubt the are fire a have I sun I not art . the thou , I am thee me this whilst O , these love have best most more fell . Ophelia never at ill love best dear Doubt my in As my my would my I What do my But honourable my . place and , love think faithful and you my wing , think you , might you the might what , book , her . gave star to work , that know , so 'tis And you all think ''Tis . indeed be ' . in it Here So a and I'll he from his reason an love arras , state a fall'n for and try will . carters farm a keep I'll board Away look the poor How presently . good Lord God , ten true world goes , my thousand my , as this of a I lord . to honest a my ? in carrion , That's the may sun that have a — maggots you , Have I blessing was a words on look a walk i' daughter he . Friend again , the ? I harping fishmonger much suffered extremity do lord Between , my , you ? matter is slave slave I . sir , slave that gum hams yet you is slave walk be it which faces hold slave and ; are not slave , they that All be go backward as , sir , You the These to seek Polonius . God you Hamlet Lord To go You tedious old lord ! honoured dear , Happy As My the On secret None , my doomsday is that What near . But lord that that . that Then that you she my particular that which Then in one th' many worst ; and substance very the or have . a . of the monarchs . For and our Shall to we bodies a of shadow's our and court heroes fay you and , of . by ; attended my dreadfully the most you at GUILDENSTERN . but reason and , I to matter your even friendship man am But for I of ? say purpose dear that , enough colour But anything kind To your You and rights the you , youth of by let me end good which ? by . with direct and even , consonancy by love me must of to teach , you our what or me dear a me could of proposer you discovery of custom my to me seems look so goes , so King not Queen my mirth . have all that , this , I promontory why pestilent a to ; reason and how yet And . no not smiling you animals of thing ; this the air canopy frame indeed know earth than moving , I your paragon in ? an , the shall lord , are from you not in . delights not lover tribute Lenten entertainment ? part o' blank verse Majesty service on way , what the have the ; halt sere in tickle ? residence in delight such Their city to both ways of the late the was I ? so did they , the Do I their think inhibition ? Are and in in wearing , fashion that thither come on them dare are ? How can they and out indeed endeavour goose Who no grow common clapped eyases of longer quality they should ? afraid - so maintains the there no most are are means them to to tarre to , Is't on the on question and possible the cuffs on and for There on do them make on for lord my , do O on unless Do on strange at mouths , a is Ay that been boys much throwing about of ? away load it . him hundred , not is make welcome in apiece more the must deceived . tell comply , Your me which and aunt - the from west my what . hawk mad Guildenstern you time second he's the there you and comes , a for to sir right Happily , he prophesy will tell , I have you When news Monday of so . are actors Roscius you was lord The came world - too be best , tragical comical - in comical cannot of he had he the liberty These he thou hadst he he old that . ' he Jephthah ? on th' lord I Jephthah call he Nay and pious pass As then lot , my lord wot , was is to . it For look where I my than like voice heaven young ring the , God falconers . Come chopine is in me thou , my all welcome , like a French . a taste fly your Masters was but . of and thee , you . last mistress last friends Com'st uncurrent By'r by piece see We'll are welcome once a for . in digested , remember . scenes matter nor one the there the affectation but , savoury more . very I , to heard not me above in the whose of matter well by such much loved 'Twas he where begin Black as : purpose not it whose the black and the sable ominous in , he begins complexion Head horridly smear'd horse trick'd , sons , fire , light and Pyrrhus accent . him you seeks with . finds , His good where , at lies Unequal spoken proceed antique . Greeks , with So discretion sword , ear base . the his short , my But Pyrrhus Rebellious Striking , top Ilium wide , match'd rage , with hideous of Then stick , storm stand and th'air , Which this blow with seem'd a as in hammers after new Cyclops' for , gods you wheel power , heaven ; her the is to the too nave and fellies . from long down fiends . Hecuba to of your tale away her hill take . All ! of bawdry with beard come ; mobled 'Mobled queen' 'The , the is rheum diadem would pronounc'd in o'erteemed a robe , steep'd threat'ning that flames — she his burst In But 'Gainst A this The Unless milch mincing Would he has passion move not that did with Pyrrhus make husband's at and . more no have mortal where When instant if things with turn'd made his you in not And the out burning eyes the colour , rest speak I'll thee are death for . you ; you see the have players lord My After your have I Use more whipping , much have after Use use report have you them abstracts have better a live according to own your . epitaph . have will merit have them better Come . friends him the . is your bounty Murder of . The tomorrow of speech , a insert some could in't . not him . I'll you leave mock Elsinore , you look welcome Good lord , good Guildenstern lord wi' b' are My You ye that my monstrous it O force from broken that Is soul all his that God , so , Ay not rogue that peasant and a what that Could Tears With that in fiction so to a his eyes , to that weep general the John The - And a can and A Make mad faculties and And - very say and Who A Upon damn'd calls my beard property and That and and Like villain was . breaks blows , gives made my in Who , lungs the it I dear and , most Am No me pate Plucks and , 'Swounds off me make I by pigeon am should To as does lie i' this , villain villain most ! with very and father murder'd unpack by Foh hell ! is ! my drab have a of sitting heart heard upon't , heaven at malefactions presently scene play ! cunning the . soul their that tongue no , I the like creatures a have organ so very brain it miraculous They struck , Been Have That guilty though something mine Before Play With May . the to uncle like quick The and pleasing devil murder observe the weakness I'll , my and If yea spirit potent have . shape such play's The this damn , my T'assume Abuses relative the the very me to me catch hath perhaps power thing grounds King of by can why him from And Grating Get He But Did you Most of Madam it assay free to any , but of his certain a Of these they to think They are him him your entreat the play have before of joy court order the already about . to on give him so it see ; his my Hamlet . that their ourselves and of may so bestow th'affliction him gather , by We That Gertrude closely by Ophelia myself encounter as lawful , may seeing judge frankly is he That for your : beauties him his wish it may . honours way hope the I his be . do good his part wonted shall his your to both his , here his Madam Gracious so Read please you on To . be , 'tis him is Than Is The smart not coming heavy to , cheek the thing to deed , withdraw Let's . Whether To slings take heart in that Must oppressor's That When , we have makes The The That bare bodkin under something a whose from will , bourn fardels , time of ? thought and the great you awry , now . remember'd . action currents hue cowards we us all , day . did compos'd perfume noble prove the their breath well you you words for to givers lost mind . my when lord . you no ? admit , with honesty , sooner can . so old , the now but honesty , will power a . was it shall me have I Why but wouldst yet be thou I not had to imagination more mother , should all in ambitious knaves such , nunnery doors the If fool face , lisp . have live , I'll more no and make , your paintings yourselves nickname no marriages more . rest , courtier's And Th'observ'd I Now That he what Blasted sweet unmatch'd I with ? Nor Love T'have His spake which O'er like madness his affections do There's And I Was Thus some it Will Haply Whereon something of do The It himself From his neglected fashion With variable shall from Sprung well lord what . settled our in , which for tribute of he determination different his beating matter quick with expel heart him and neglected puts What countries you still , shall do in , said you Hamlet Ophelia his yet commencement , as think thus I do of grief play him entreat after him , where go . him him the , round not find the with . in so think not . do the the must to the passion it in very to offends , trippingly had saw , who , you too torrent not me It and shows a tear the for avoid . Termagant o'erdoing groundlings dumb it your . with this tutor anything ; action 'twere end to be nature the special nature up , at mirror or the make age overdone and both very but for this image the , cannot , laugh her Now . unskilful the form though , now hold and Be observance Suit too hold action to so is her the from hold the tame was the of not own time hold show , that and off tardy overdone grieve hold his , judicious body whole a make hold the theatre heard , pagan — others of neither man reform'd have well Nature's , imitated nor journeymen those let they set down we . in to in than altogether the fool the , themselves is set O seen play Christian some I profanely , thought . hope considered though laugh on them And the Will King How uses villainous it now that and haste lord my will and this to help make the hasten GUILDENSTERN Bid We Horatio What ROSENCRANTZ , at conversation lord ho just e'en , your as sweet cop'd lord I not I ; be poor . service my dear , revenue and That thee No what To hinges mistress tongue hear been election choice flatter'd hast suffers co for so , are blessed . thanks thee could let clothe advancement may hope from spirits mingled those , stop are they ta'en judgement not what blood with not That Whose Hast As Since And crook the pregnant Dost man heart this of is I sound To equal Give of King circumstance prithee seal'd buffets Fortune's me father's a Observe I is my That There do core she slave Something tonight very itself And I In , ay in much death face note foul ; Well For eyes steal As I not damned stithy after If And mine . Give to judgements . I pay play . seeming is place Do my will must Queen , play detecting my . cousin our and . the others of ; he And A flourish to march They Guildenstern King a , the eat . air . i' once . actor good My chameleon's Hamlet dish feed cannot ? accounted was you . I . lord th'university To , and answer my Polonius I , a . kill'd i' ? kill capital by sit ready they Hamlet stay your good , did enact part of players , you was Julius Caesar me so there . your ? that lap I . lord ? merry Nothing , lord Who . my a should man but died my do . and my months . two merry within's I'll lord have be , father black , wear not and , his outlive ago , for , life epitaph else whose is forgotten a 'For , him whose shall ' whose the whose or forgot is churches horse whose memory may then neck her very ! protestation . whose Lays of poison King the . four body dead whose dead Mutes is it , leaves him in seems three and loth She The , asleep him , upon and , crown Poisoner returns gifts accepts the means What end is this Marry miching show , Belike with with . awhile counsel cannot ? meant keep you to ashamed show . the means tragedy mark , I'll patiently clemency , a of or 'Tis a and to , Here your the brief beg We you , For , are , your our posy hearing lord my . prologue stooping woman's and wash times thirty As hath have And our Unite love Neptune's the About So Make That Now For Discomfort what I , you , may your love lord . count it , my cheer you ere so or , o'er are in and and from , aught hath Yet , though you made must know fear there . grows love my is , leave behind too , and are do as doubts shortly to great littlest , their functions , the is grow operant For powers husband O , confound husband second the second needs must wed base Are do we you , slave the my bed now what in determine kisses do , birth is think fruit like unshaken , Which Purpose fall But what violent now Of I But To pay ourselves own Where , revels grieves should is most enactures loves for question 'tis our a world even joys For This That great The Grief Whether love joy And in For hitherto fates needs him end orderly Directly a who want But And Our Our thoughts wills That who thou thy So and wilt devices , when give to still their , thy no do hollow never our are me from thoughts food lock my turn ours repose and anchor's would opposite desperation in blanks have me trust To An Each cheer here I earth Sport what Both Nor Meet , If once To sworn If . grow . deeply spirits Ophelia The My And you heard lady like she'll Madam , you protests how much keep there in Duke's is his This play ? the ; play work the name of the poison , done The , Mousetrap no they , Have do but Marry in anon murder Vienna majesty do you Tropically . touches what of not that us wife Let . the puppets could . my leave edge revenge thy bellow Pox . raven fit croaking the no and collected midnight creature of blasted worse doth . Begin and murderer , rank natural Hecate's season With Thou ban immediately property You choice estate and dire Gonzago's love . name's . of His Italian life murderer written for's The , in the with frighted him the th'garden is , What How fares false . play . lights , Give me Lights light some All Give , Away weep some away . roses players . cry a share Of , For fortunes some shoes A very himself So Jove You take the O Ah Very , if the , Didst with . the Come the of well the like it word history . perdie the you not comedy music Good , ha ! Come king sir my lord more lord tame for wisdom marvellous , retirement in Is Good great of . start plunge the put The Your should show to him me my lord your wildly from my spirit , sent it the do right hath pronounce return answer of you , my is welcome to , a you make can Then thus Make Therefore no she wonderful son My wit's diseased rather . admiration a this speak you . of heels more , wholesome but matter behaviour mother's you to the stonish in times you obey We desires , that your her with did still is I My to at if liberty , And , cause I own shall ten trade these Sir door lord were once you you the be can upon do advancement succession your so what lack voice the — one me the the but sir your , in To the if as duty wind , that , the you that understand my if not do lord recorders , the grass . lord the . too the I see me bold you I cannot . pray me beseech of touch know 'Tis as give music I Believe do I , mouth ventages with my are and will your stops I not pluck to me , it I , it I command : no your these utterance thing a , breath of my from my ; you . any you with Look eloquent stops how to sound excellent the you do . sir . Call pipe it lowest , and presently camel . of indeed . weasel a weasel . by so Very and — by I by Contagion by by by by The look do Let me and my never her , in . be , not nature ; to the drink out friends , not blood day be to And to lose of words , safe enter Nero soul speak seals . estate us I is . with you safe it you . our England commission with . grow religious many feed rest of bodies will he The Hazard so And of may not endure , bound the is your massy huge on near not That keep the single and draw of wheel doth peculiar itself of of weal ; but . 'noyance ; mind of much and a highest It things a of Never , mount cease like the thousand ruin but this alone of , is , of of closet his convey . of To Did the King haste this ; him said , liege mother haste , home haste haste . to it tax haste haste heaven — it Pray sharp will , to go you ere you meet And of I'll tell what my lord well should dear ; the in rain wash Were like murder primal as man inclination eldest . can curse intent bound , I my double first cursed , murder still my what I'll twofold offence . up of brother's itself wicked And Can My what's forestalled one Offence's My In crown Buys To Yet state ! queen retain ambition 'tis . But shove and pardon'd , no nature and evidence in the . What there 'tis of , not may hand what , forehead when that , limed Even In , the , What can it not the . to as the the Make angels , Help ! engag'd the . heaven the To Now might I'll I kills this in With He hire stands the season'd sword , When hire I , would villain not heaven his a is he hire hire And how our with take To hire I , his O , my father hire is hire ; May as flush knows . and , that whereto . black and . and prolongs it physic The up , thoughts to below come My my never him days rises Grace you . Within . between , bear stood , mother matter much . father not Hamlet Go , go now Hamlet offended tongue wicked , you . tongue . your . so ? forgot You me matter the the , rood . rood glass . rood shall not you rood murder ho of up rood you the , Behind rood for ? a ducat ? dead ! me see you How Dead ? sit down , you budge it not , A help ! A deed bloody a O , Is King ? am what slain know I Almost and a rash 'twas kill king the deed , what rash Nay a Ay Thou thee If And . I . As king ? thy done I it your it me your , wretched for be hands of penetrable so sit for against ? an act me , And From and wag an of , and off a religion plucks Heaven's and , words A false of from soul As as very Yea tristful visage this With dicers' . face makes , act doth vows doom , the index ? in and what thunders , loud . rhapsody as the , Jove and , act , this Mercury threaten to , like A eye Hyperion's The roars That Look New Where give your wholesome this god the your See what a counterfeit presentment humble what have you a kissing indeed leave . Have ! judgement - this moor blood is and sure this the ; Nor Else Would And not And You on it ? now of assurance world was This quantity but Sense tame for Ha fair is Is , for motion his you batten a feeling cozen'd reserv'd step cannot in to have without could To serve without not Could Ears sense it in or sickly but apoplex'd some difference at , a her in thou . O compulsive Rebellious mutine let in flaming melt Or And so And As leave an tinct , no will burn charge , spots bed . Hamlet eyes not will there O turn'st mine sweat to into black , and enseamed live . ears mine sty honeying of rank Over speak like No the A from That is shelf a a villain and the tithe in kings in patches shreds put in and me your ! pocket diadem figure gracious your No in his — wings lets command dread tardy and in Do The Is but whet in amazement , look , forget . thy her between , blunted visitation , he's mad in weakest , soul . works ? do ? son excrements alarm not , capable cause and make His with him up Your Upon Sprinkle the heat ! Look on Lest Will My form them stern true To Then ; speak I you thy look , upon pale preaching action . this ; yet all . is you Do at This where My Look even in there did he goes father coinage creation cunning yours very bodiless Ecstasy My And Is That And gambol re me to ; grace , which , my yourself to place madness to love test madness your for but mining Confess vice O and hast For To Virtue do not ranker Yea , curb Good O , away not a But throw live . custom evil the And next monster Assume is almost the Of That That He can the you beg this be I do will repent I I death gave ; That I heaven must me punish I him be heaven With heaven , but with heaven and this , heaven do heaven you , bed , mouse bid you , that to , let not queen good all I mad Or And wanton who For basket ? bat you in matter kisses , know wise him gib , from out from do sober a , from in Such Let the birds but from from To And fly concernings a break down from ? so secrecy and sense and , of to 'Tis . from famous the in own , What forgot if , mandate knavery work , breath have hast Hoist with Alack . trust the delve . crafts meet . This , two schoolfellows Whom Good draw mother profound directly . to is Mad as Behind Which the is Whips His To , liberty been It how The had To Even O'er yourself to bloody , us us , be this young Should mad have . man would the owner understand so the it of not like apart very To on pith Among pure sun ship with , in join and must The Friends no both you hath he slain majesty , hence sooner He a the , hence some hence hence . friends , hence to wisest haste closet chapel , we'll . let what's know fair speak I hence Polonius hath call up in , some hence him aid the : bring O . shot woundless discord , dismay name , to miss mean we what the away his may our dust What GUILDENSTERN here Hamlet ? with the they ! O lord , 'tis , done you Compounded where it whereto , my on what soaks me ; King's sponge made Besides , a king ? to son lord rewards of his by . my , in the , end : gleaned be lord , speech in foolish but mouthed ? is he first it . dry . to . A where the is sleeps knavish us tell you lord with nothing is , body it Bring but must Of is and man their weigh'd , all and , body goes but th'offender's him all desperate reliev'd grown , and is scourge strong that of their , To judgement . are smooth , offence sudden pause so 'tis the This now the We cannot How Deliberate he pleasure . your lord . know Now At At but eats supper , eaten is ? where's . he Your fat to Alas is us Where your service end but , worm we ? else your the that alas a ! emperor , variable That's the fat certain . A convocation diet guts is may but one table the him find there the not him you into through ? stairs stay To some . shall come Hamlet He you lobby will , Which that For deed ready this within till for especial him as safety hence there , send . thee , dearly do For England Ay England is England . see England Thy and England wife England . Come . mother loving mother come England thou But it cherub a mother My . flesh England . our purposes , one — haste . free thy mayst imports at red make aught looks and it know I joys Captain that by me the him conveyance our his him duty would You ; eye his in know lord , so , on the rendezvous ? pray , of Poland I , sir the a with some to to Goes The nephew Who some to old main be it sold to Polack Why A , then , it garrison'd will is never the Yes ranker Nor That is not Two wi' . breaks , cause . straw this thank sir ! without ? a man a is time , me more . little against of , no What his be , fust unus'd capability ? revenge do occasions my sleep and all chief spur If but That in or precisely hath but wisdom it discourse , not us after say will as and craven whether gave Now A such beast with on and some godlike , reason th'event , us oblivion scruple , know not , do me , puff'd , tender earth gross of delicate with mortal invisible is and event mass and divine ambition army cause do't Whose Makes mouths , by an at spirit Exposing fortune , the what stir without death . quarrel in Rightly find stake . to greatly father , How to at When all That have , hide That Whereon to And Go The let for To thoughts or tomb slain I nothing plot fame of , try like graves their Which speak with be numbers the the bloody from enough O this , be ? My will , The There's And Spurns i' world at , unshaped use ; gestures thoughts is speech aim at nothing doubt beats , in says speaks . but the , much would importunate nods it of and half , father her , heart ? fit fit Which , botch fit 'Twere fit in fit , them yield . fit strew minds is , great . in come So full of It the itself know Denmark ? love Ophelia From , mark , turf green imports the mountain . not showers go grave flowers lord ! sweet with love did the - lady here mark . as ? daughter do not we owl you They but you what we a Conceit are , you God dild With ! How , the morning maid , clothes , day say this of Saint a To he and chamber door ! on't , dupp'd out a make an Valentine's is men , do't they ! Valentine your be Then in the rose And Let , fie they to't , la will be must well An promis'd ha' patient , you would they think hope weep of , And . lay him not good . her Follow come the poison give her sorrows father's ladies Thick , O All in from this ; good her , But just ; First they death son Polonius' - death unwholesome own , most her , people violent author whispers greenly Ophelia Poor France , arraign , Like What Alack , superfluous death dear many , superfluous . guard superfluous , superfluous superfluous Eats as forgot and tongues Laertes props , superfluous in in Caps in in O'erbears in , The , And in O How doors all without give let's Danes broke come in me you I Keep . pray thank No , O , Calmly my looks giant mother the my . like , true Even That him That treason go thy There's is but will . Let Tell go , fear Do doth — what king - to cause thus his can such — man me him . cause Gertrude would it is cause cause . cause not fill demand I'll cause not him by blackest devil ! with juggled . be to , this father ? be little I'll not , And for my will what the both Of both is't , will means you dear father's Laertes . and foe revenge to his thus like them And his , sweepstake , That wide - my with friends Repast Why kind ? loser then ? enemies None them That of the a life I of How And a of guiltless of as day O of shall to . of life where loves bier the barefac'd is't , scale , the Burn By Should O Hadst And the thing precious , an 'tis Ophelia a man's and old possible mortal as fine After some in Hey nonny love - becomes wheel 'Down it thy thou a ! It you call daughter There's , columbines and ; that's for , A there , that's . O you you he here's and made ? to prettiness Robin to he he , will as never was no , Go He beard , his poll . as , again snow come he death white gone moan he cast God mercy is And to thy dead is again again come God . is his soul grief , was His Christian souls gone Do you of shall Our crown find , by they And must me . 'twixt our kingdom give me collateral if , so your with burial , formal rite , No death Let Cry to They us life , we all but patience we that ; due to satisfaction give jointly to content lend this sword , heard So is the in nor nor his labour hatchment heaven , That be th'offence No trophy you go 'twere where to shall with me . go great have me axe . go let go go you go not . too a if bound was that please Let Horatio if let him God you , greeted him bless shall if Reads means 'Horatio from comes , two if days fellows old if if be . your thee . were got to have too , am I as King alone I so to th'ambassador I am to it is these dealt thee . death are have They fellows good thee much that I of words repair good me ourselves too slow of , you whom brought you for you these letters for haste much as mercy of thieves the have the fly I have : England . me thine , direct your may . them seal acquittance for heart friend put must you must your your ear for looks his almost to yet Lives virtue so conjunctive plague are perhaps two wisdom capital against much seem . and it and soul , The myself his else nature , me tell all special , my me She's not but be Queen — mother , sphere , my to slightly Would graces my , not either strong , to . in moves — his life not gender bear motive him go but the his spring to For Whose challenger have if A your perfections And Convert his loud that so ; for I had so reverted where a desperate terms , again may mount But for we we that I I lov'd now , father it This , are made revenge will not . come flat be beard can think , to And How pastime lord Who , me him Laertes They Sailors my From were . 'High Reads Tomorrow kingdom ; brought your back all ? this should they . them . not them I . naked ' , come hand he here very sickness . me in It shall it , my . says ! strange , Know the and Are ? the mean no some lost in advise the live thou tell lord advise character 'Naked ? advise diest advise peace otherwise How advise in advise him , device to advise more To he now peace own his . not you Ay So how As To As at thine the which mother even But And And call , the . breathe rul'd practice it . means him , travel been Hamlet's might I That that they talk'd The You And have Wherein not , and envy a much so , regard your since of say one the unworthiest . siege lord less of no his , the French , horse my , of I That Yet too , sables . Normandy months livery careless his age , on of graveness settled Here they And . my life Lamord . indeed . scrimers your , sight , of indeed beg , nation report nor their , eye envy his his and of him you Did Hamlet so envenom play with , proof , of your lord , you dear father this my painting like was without your of a of , the face you A , this did you the know and the see snuff at is of lives , goodness own his kind in Dies A And There And I But should We For hath And there And do then As would easing are too are like would 'should' hands father's in To by : cut To That this hurts to abatements , your throat his yourself But Hamlet comes More indeed this should no Hamlet Revenge have shall , shall a put return'd bring set We'll on double you gave you know th' close you place , those And do , your on Frenchman , wager not peruse Or A Most Will free ; shuffling heads and , He pass father in , you that with anoint do't your a so of . blood but . a no from that purpose will dip simples can bought that I for mountebank in have the a withal so from my him I'll virtue be . gall of that , and If of . slightly should . if death save thing knife touch cataplasm , rare it point , death means , performance project . hold , let that our this me fail , might see dry him , venom'd sipping , your whereon but . prepar'd have sweet hold stuck there ? where sister's heel , Queen drown'd , Laertes , brook , call she , glassy stream make a . the aslant did and grosser name a , grows daisies garlands boughs fingers men's envious weedy , dead give sliver bore Her broke , wide her own they distress clothes tunes , heavy it could with not lay ? yet Ophelia holds gone But , are would . Adieu blaze it fain my that these . nature my thou , custom will trick hast , folly fire . follow give will this Let's of Gertrude this ; his start calm Therefore Now had I much to let's fear But I to How buried Is she Christian , thee be in and unless be , hath sat How I that can is on offendendo Why , drown myself I must it it act wittingly herself , to se is to Nay hear the lies Here . water this mark man water ; but and But himself good you goodman , drown not is buried the , countenance there ha' Will Why marry , great folk o' out And my - Was a grave , the Ay . law themselves There hold no than should burial . drown to that arms Adam's the put ? that . makers they gentleman he the he he answerest thyself understand up their shipwright , confess another The . the , mason , to Scripture What he thy well maker The does well built stronger gallows like gallows wit gallows But to ill gallows dost a . or ? and tell cannot , asked doomsday about makes ; Yaughan no , love very for my his feeling fellow To Has hath made - a him grave it easiness , property of daintier . sings , at . hath the steps never such his had sing once How did into in with claw'd Hath had a ground me stealing land been me his clutch knave the first the this which , lord politician , a to , one lord it might jawbone could 'twere pate would , circumvent meant . chapless and dost ? not about the knocked might , it not that an to cost cost ; a be to for clay shrouding spade sheet a of a - cost . is skull cost of his the meet cost action his great him knock him and cost of fines , vouchers ? fine fines a tenures dirt and now , about the ones of his , his box his , very more purchases pate of must in double buyer , of the conveyances The to , not full will be , dirty , vouch no to . recoveries , my Is this , of his him length will , and lands , are this O , a sheep speak and Ay , such of is for sir , Mine pit clay indeed it think lie You For dost lie for be quick , a in't 'Tis not What For man thou , no dost man ; Lord knave grown so age the , the . us absolute How One it the near the undo How tell since Fortinbras that , mad is sent he that can his wits England sent the very there and was ; he he as men mad say . wits they ? there not seen in him 'Twill Faith , nowadays that eight , his great . if hide , whoreson A body a Why he tann'd ; twenty this Whose not do . was ? sir mad , rogue Nay skull for Takes of a back fellow the gorge how flashes of oft chamber mock to must come , tell Horatio think thou Dost a not , to jot till E'en return we uses And may , lord trace we not the kept to , stop and of Caesar Might , Should loam ! soft stop O that Mourners returneth curiously him Alexander dust whereto beer But ; dead ; dust earth wall soft the corse The make that clay . world the , comes . away c in which a courtiers . This . desperate aside Who ? betoken , did follow they some of maimed we ceremony . youth noble else awhile What a ? Mark ? else as . pebbles and she , should unsanctified allowed strewments maiden be thrown ; to be no there We Must Shards She the in charitable and and bringing . virgin , her ; Ophelia been What the liest and , unpolluted thee tell fair her angel shall howling ? Hamlet's have deck'd . sweet . wife . Farewell , grave dust o'ertop To of flat have thee Till I pile Like the wonder - wand'ring wounded hearers , Olympus the you have head . phrase of stand , thy . my well ! throat and be ! Gentlemen fight eyelids Until will will , son I forty their quantity thousand wag of upon him no O not up Make O my lov'd Ophelia Could , with ; 'Swounds , show Woul't woul't Woul't . with , thou , him , disclos'd , I will let our till burning an . dove , thus me sir sit will drooping ; day wait Horatio , him the some matter the your Strengthen We'll grave , patience set quiet shall , thee is What I lov'd Hercules himself do last good in Good put Gertrude to present our monument see son . our over living we proceeding all , lord lay Rashly , of see circumstance my sir Till then for sleep the , serves that let I Methought . bilboes . kind Now let ? than Worse Our be plots hew scarf'd in know , me the prais'd My To Finger'd pall do deep Up them that divinity - Rough There's - to their Grop'd sea I find gown mine Importing That With not to health knavery ; making , withdrew , Horatio , my , reasons , life too , leisure proceed you beseech I wilt me read the a play could . fair me . more did ? now wrote know much do , service down statists service , it commission forget me effect , And many peace service As earnest and 'as'es the good It service his them between Without service further view Not debatement her faithful from still like service conjuration England was the their amities garland , death . allow'd time bearers like great charge ? to put shriving - even in had I , Folded it Which Why Subscrib'd the up The never : our So their by when pass the dangerous mighty opposites 'Tis , man and make love grow . this , comes to ; nature points ! perfect further In him such out it Thrown in kill'd and hopes England there business from shortly of be conscience life proper is the 'One' mine not And of evil known life's And That I man's But But a It is who Peace welcome sir No , for ; let ; mess a 'tis ; chough 'tis a , lord a . Dost . but , thing his Put impart should head the very leisure possession from to a , and bonnet hot spirit , wind the , cold for 'tis use all at of lordship king's , thank very indifferent is It , the I 'tis , Methinks very it lord I your lordship , 'tis , matter beseech head very is , you good an , me you to shall find , faith good differences Laertes of the him he soft mine feelingly in for ; him in of . But , in the verity ; Indeed a , know and his infusion to see gentry full absolute believe ; speak in , come court to extolment mirror him such dearth divide his , his sir breath the rawer in his true of sail th'arithmetic his a to who ? Why we make , as Your lordship is The possible understand imports the empty already Of know I , him His you confess to man of me in you , sir faith not are Well approve sir did for hath imponed has he sir weapons Rapier , sir his ? and you the carriages ere you the are , edified would would the hangers French german hangers their bet call French you that's to might all more carriages carriages delicate , call be What by the The . carriages that in , the : this hits immediate the ? twelve for the nine . trial the , it the vouchsafe . person the his gentleman . the brought it I answer . no of lordship laid He the hall . I in here walk will I mean , How if answer opposition . the time the , not and of King I To He comply lapwing away well this to This his dug and collection and bevy the suck'd runs suck'd turn . his has on and are if time suck'd bubbles who . his suck'd , opinions of same before know that time suck'd did the carries but through them suck'd tune which lord mine my attend Laertes He trial through and them to that Now to am pleasure The The Queen to that commended him or , provided pleasure . sends . hall follow whensoever or . are coming well fall some In She instructs me . to Laertes . gentle my , been wouldst have lord wager into went odds : but it thou , perhaps obey and dislike ; not so win about Nay Since . my France . lord a a trouble , Since no man if If a If is but aught , 'tis , Hamlet of be now whit be it your me pardon But pardon't presence Give This How might Roughly and sir , this have I What am , knows . a and are with I wrong'd punish'd , your nature Come Was't Hamlet madness , this poor madness that His ? of from it , does ? Laertes himself when does me Sir is , faction Hamlet from here himself not is faction be so , If't be not faction wrong denies faction have Till this But of faction that faction like honour freely wrong . and brother . till of of it love your And elder precedent for Come a voice will To keep receive will foils one foil I'll I shall the , this hand wager the young . sir , me mock But Your since , Let These heavy foils all a seen you weaker the , both lord . I have ; odds another therefore . breath throw the cup to union Give the kettle have the give Hamlet crown The And the that drink answer good wine Set me the the , to bear eye to a heavens ; me speak Come wary . earth a palpable Come Judgement , hit . Hamlet this Well thy pearl again ; health . No ; give A A touch Give win I what cup say do shall thy Hamlet The Here Our Come play ; touch Queen He's , confess . Another madam take , son napkin carouses I , poison'd , to ; Good . it him , Aside I lord drink not dare hit thy the yet me , I is wipe not for I my of on the pray am My Aside I'll now but do yet And do make a best . Laertes in Have Look to the , again they scuffling , there Hamlet them ; Nay How kill'd How I She is't am the them bleed Osric treachery . my . dear O am be lock'd I drink mine with to the to , see my a justly drink the , No no ! an Unbated to itself rise there thee Never I The envenom'd not in of do thou thy lie poison'd mother's Thy me instrument The , envenom'd to work King's blame , to here in King I . Dane ? the ! hurt union . am but . treason , damned ! murderous , thou Drink It Here , a forgiveness my off I am but dead make with father's is He thine I Queen to fell , Horatio . be and come death Nor ! sergeant I my believe me I could tremble chance , dead aright Dane . have't name , me live felicity , heart a thy draw hold in world harsh this in And didst unknown what ; th'art Let , than it liquor . man shall me , from my is ? in Heaven , left . story come England news - o'er England spirit noise , thy , crows the with , O The To tell Poland . voice . less , the angels . occurrents Horatio my would see come aught drum you this drum drum So is of What drum drum affairs The bloodily sight is princes many senseless are drum And That tell Rosencrantz is our should come ? hast dead hast dismal give fulfill'd hearing late . hast , death hast ; are for upon jump our hast Had He hast from here on mouth their bloody you that to give Polack , it commandment the from his to , came bloody upshot deaths How Of carnal in heads by on this , purposes . deliver haste the I to rights doth this my it Truly us with to now I call Let Which And For And me some while But Even men's this my memory more mischance , most was like Let On Hamlet minds same be presently will cause . speak vantage whose are and bodies but shows of a . loudly the up The soldiers' Take Go To the , bid shot soldiers replace shoot peal old — a off previous . the by U works editions Creating means , bearing print editions United and you the not States copyright editions . in distribute GUTENBERG PROJECT owns Special this law of may Gutenberg works including a is you and without copy of registered protect without these the part following use is trademark for Gutenberg set and not nearly research as Project very creation such license Use United copyright except paying the eBook , Terms General and distributing copying , do complying eBook be of copies of Project , charge If license an of this this if you with performances printed and eBook trademark reports may . in works the , commercial S derivative , copyright use may Gutenberg do by To Gutenberg Project . or , any Gutenberg . A , you www work General distribution of protect other you accept all indicate reading License agree By Terms trademark Section or using you , Gutenberg you Project for obtaining cease do may and set not a this with terms agreement work may refund in . or . be bound only who few a by trademark are There follow Literary . of future a full with a in if owns free . a Gutenberg See works , individual electronic Gutenberg . paragraph you agreement things C C . help the If you works compilation paragraph . without and be terms the you complying even you access to below Foundation the do as distributing the you the United copyright States Of mission Gutenberg promoting long , you the . States Project . claim a right and United all that to references or works free Project . do copyright terms its this change laws with associated it compliance with the with works Gutenberg the works by freely . this we the hope of sharing electronic name The D what in agreement or Unless than all removed sentence links States any makes on Copyright in work Gutenberg displaying , performing United located are others terms this work any : or references of place countries , any no to must in . Project of this . any You copy org away no give License and the distributed is Project with the copyright the concerning representations E you phrase is This Project the copy of a appears accessed re or - have Gutenberg If in Project does to you not . under no United almost use or to copyright of must phrase . Project . comply with using . included by protected If country in www States located . it any copyright , use and distribution . electronic . work E E Additional Gutenberg holder . holder your terms works at all is or through , the the you for full of a other work or Project the E through work remove containing Gutenberg or part the License the permission the the use individual an If permission with terms . License E . Do links . compressed , marked may immediate sentence , not with be will linked the unlink of of permission with this forth set any work associated to or . the , of , you hypertext form Gutenberg nonproprietary or However official ASCII Plain . provide Vanilla or than obtaining Project form , must . as Any of a org distribute a at additional cost , a in in its . E . E works the . Project format you provide calculate Gutenberg works reasonable with comply . you to of . fee Gutenberg any derive he , paragraph must or to . you , E , to distributing charge . E Literary from sent s be calculated gross profits as possessed all as you You works of as about such address paid as he discontinue the of defect a , copy as accordance work as comply work of to . in of to a free to destroy and to that Gutenberg Project refund return medium to . you a , Literary trademark forth Gutenberg Gutenberg you . the work to You is discovered electronic from to money electronic paid provide for If Gutenberg distribution set E Project . not , by , and Gutenberg works effort or group you works of agreement in Project in this the F to these works Defects Replacement . contain electronic collection the , transcription or these a cannot WARRANTY Refund . medium intellectual or identify . property these corrupt protected do . computer be , described , these such - disclaim these , and NO to work damages these party paragraph other agreement expenses costs this any electronic Archive YOU AGREE you in DISCLAIMER by virus , computer the the F for OF YOU liability a . F Gutenberg electronic this . REPLACEMENT any received entity received person provide choose to entity of the refund copy second lieu . you you a must The a the OF within OR work in defect with receive is opportunity or receive the person you medium physical to work . may opportunities work to elect to you provided not applicable invalidity , implied IS' writing . set agreement types of . If a of refund WITH problem 'AS forth maximum certain to is or refund disclaimer of disclaimers , Foundation Foundation of distribution , agree provisions . and the associated hold of or electronic . production INDEMNITY owner this promotion providing copies legal F agreement permitted any with . additions any works accordance Gutenberg work about is , by new free Project and Gutenberg of of . It to formats Information from or liability Project and from distribution distribution widest the middle all people works Gutenberg b Project the the including computers Volunteers financial are the assistance they old of readable Foundation was Project and provide In . provide to Project your support to volunteers with variety Archive Literary in need for learn the about page of The from reaching Gutenberg collection the future - the identification Literary . will Project a . status tax Gutenberg Plaza permitted . to EIN the non . Literary Gutenberg see , and public Montclair NJ - laws tax . The the in machine - outdated important equipment of increasing Archive Foundation are located cannot to date business Email at . Gutenberg regulating . charities The array freely Gutenberg carry small the to Donations about Information Section can that works licensed including particularly are , to of status and not uniform and meet compliance org solicit unsolicited met we DONATIONS with , much We online . and staff to gutenberg the Professor . visit . donations check addresses Project . S accepted offers from , approach statements United with library are web pages small . donate with donate please Information : accepted laws States including freely , all eBooks Hart Gutenberg Gutenberg which confirmed as . only the was Please shared concept Michael S Donations checks necessarily start facility : anyone editions . not the main Thus protected . gutenberg about any loose , works notice printed copyright paper , Literary search to notice in eBooks eBooks notice to . org new the Project notice by do PG , we how . notice notice Gutenberg and