there yourself . Stand Stand Stand ? Stand the King Stand . Stand and of If you rivals , mouse Horatio Well guard . Marcellus ho is haste , good Stand liegemen to Friends this good to the . ground , Give , soldier . Holla Say , of . Welcome , A what piece I , says will not And Horatio Therefore this Touching us With 'tis sight let seen thing this has approve may And hear we Well , night that's Last let And same his now the same thee break off then , t'illume Look the of part and — again comes heaven . King speak scholar the It It Question . of warlike buried charge Denmark form to spoke , be it usurp'st that and offended speak of ! it , fantasy look ! believe this not ! parle on Polacks when Norway combated on ? he : had this . armour very th'ambitious , sledded 'Tis and jump work our dead at scope gross some in bodes sit , now So nightly strange tell and and to eruption such daily the for of brazen observant task haste sweaty day . me Our . so now inform - I goes but on by , whisper That is't be not Does Why as the Whose image know joint even in by and heraldry those the had which , him seal'd , pride valiant world , life ; Fortinbras ratified side combat our a ; our law a , King of return'd same young and some lawless strong our no resolutes sir , which us , And of watch motive lost compulsatory of . terms And his , but e'en so the portentous figure so the , head it King like these Rome , dead of fell sheeted Roman dews of star stands eclipse fierce with empire the fates events blood , the the in and doomsday precurse to harbingers prologue our behold cross it thou If I'll sick almost even the As to and climatures coming countrymen where . Stay voice . done fate to illusion again ! earth oft and ! speak ? speak speak speak ! life speak speak , majestical mockery cock like , fearful lofty Upon then it the , so , malicious , blows the being show wrong air . invulnerable when guilty comes season the the morn thing earth in object made celebrated , cock . long herein his truth air , abroad to advice my by tonight us , to believe part russet yon what , conveniently morning . I shall , our contracted in grief Hamlet green in , now ourselves on of with nature , him and brow it us whole befitted our woe , dole eye , worth our late disjoint and you wisdoms auspicious and as 'twere , funeral in In to For have delight , death advantage lands , frame , Fortinbras our gone of by be father to dream pester the to levies hears , made , Norway , Voltemand dispatch suppress all than personal , here . scope duty . Laertes ? the to suit some nothing things CORNELIUS it told You And The not not more to offer . heartily and Farewell You now shall head the To now thoughts and my favour throne . What my to return lord of Denmark native , Laertes . done Denmark ; his By , you your in duty wishes your gracious What me hard at leave again bend says toward him and last consent . kind son thy ; than hang thy nighted cast ever , thy for like a vailed lives madam Passing Why , is solemn river fruitful suspiration the suits it inky Nor No can Together they all dejected my alone not , Nor nor with That Nor For denote forms me actions truly within that . These might man which the to father , will condolement sorrow most know most simple vulgar thing is and must be , Fie we in , obligation lost 'Tis incorrect a , as common to , to common earth cried opposition to absurd , immediate dearest no most for We less which impart back beseech toward ; let he who pray think our of bears remain eye : intent Wittenberg go and not prayers obey best . and Madam of , Hamlet come whereof , again , tell , a fair you to too and 'gainst weary that King's , heart clouds shall heaven the Denmark shall rouse great speaking . Come flesh would melt God ! God not a had into itself resolve Everlasting . slaughter uses ! fie all , should and garden nature : two ! post . to . tongue hold my ! I cannot dexterity incestuous most of most speed wicked unrighteous father my good to glad or am Horatio , Sir same your And glad I would A I very ear your you know truster . is you came to see We'll lord I Thrift , my furnish , thrift coldly had met my Horatio see , wedding funeral - follow'd not to me mock , the forth methinks , eye my my I that day , had seen The , he take saw him , like all in king . deliver gentlemen ! for admiration Saw I ? father let This the The my till these . their may eyes they surprised - he me , to , march like true your . deliver'd deliver'd more not are comes , deliver'd I Form as These apparition the , deliver'd with , both made deliver'd where to ; watch it we address deliver'd ? none the upon you none head , then Itself vanish'd the morning shrunk sight true none methought none none speak cock motion answer But It made But none at And , To none none Indeed think the , my , know you very of troubles , in lord honour'd my , live we did let it My Then , from head top From ? up in frowningly , wore he toe to his beaver or pale upon eyes more yes , look'd ? you constantly Most And It I His was when Not was as , beard If assume it , noble hell . father's tonight watch silver'd I again ; it , walk though it And it be in hap no , well ye twelve . visit 'twixt . silence tongue . honour . duty to to All foul embark'd the , is to , soul : my arms would : the necessaries sister hear me you assistant Do Hamlet it Hold not ? more so . does more , soul and mind this , not grow no more , and youth the in and , perfume thews The wide Grows , The , In And the the is give As It he main saying in he Than too credent , ear believe that whole birth : state circumscrib'd says to goes he ; far particular ; of rear fear unmaster'd voice Whereof Unto the your his with lose keep of the and shot the maid unmask Virtue I shall Youth to th'effect heart of though best itself as to not rebels Be . I . this safety . But ungracious else here But fear O . stay . Yet are , Laertes sits ? Give unproportion'd , their adoption ; tongue you for . second a a is blessing double Occasion in of aboard , blessing my no hoops means thought thy in with , comrade : gaudy buy , steel of tried . act vulgar . voice judgement : rich proclaims fancy habit thy censure the in express'd man's each not as of France most select and nor generous to : borrowing be of the man ; any to . go , keep What please , is't he you Ophelia , he the he : and oft bethought ; so he put 'tis most you very free caution of so he well hath ? touching he he on and yourself and clearly tell me , truth . up your me late me like speak , Affection I Do do Marry That , I'll know you you not thus you — these my ta'en , he lord countenance to vows the all And Ay Lends , Even in their take promise than : vows the When Ay Giving may Than Than Believe believe of like mere The better implorators their plain any moment this leisure . time Hamlet ways very . and shrewdly shall I charge so words you , my I air bites an hour lacks It season near walk the my reels of draughts his triumph The King and wake wassail as Keeps Wherein spirit mean What - Is it a and And And This heavy in manner , though , than other and it revel headed born , it us Soil Oft Or by breaking By Since nature o'ergrowth the habit , cannot , choose pales manners stamp ; the be Fortune's reason o'erleavens much forts origin , in . men defect , corruption evil . of substance , grace damn'd goblin blasts from or or , defend of comes ! me hearsed , Dane royal bones ignorance . I'll call shape answer , hell us in cerements to Thou will burst not Wherein why is So this thoughts With What of reaches shake ? if it ? some Making dead the , again do we with alone impartment go the our removed desire , it ? action ground more courteous a go means . I will ; then not And my soul , what do Why should the fear to . be at it do ? lord my cliff it fee itself . the the of of into fathoms beneath . I'll , on waves And hears It still thee lord . follow Go You I By Something after . Speak no go further . let's , Nay wilt thou , almost and myself serious thy me am So for What , day I the foul Are Till the the tell and purg'd could from . walk fast unfold eternal . blood Like burnt And harrow Thy To like knotted up a tale List list . unnatural most foul O his ! and the , foul as that I in , this But , stir itself And A serpent O his ! most wretch her natural ; poor were to that of off - adulterate traitorous beast , shameful with , wit and gifts won seduce falling seeming love to his . vow never the bed scent Sleeping . be me juice And That such an swift of my always secure cursed hour methinks prey And let With leperous as enmity distilment porches of thy ears hebenon uncle stole afternoon , dispatch'd : brother's at blossoms of , smooth body . sudden and quicksilver with doth milk crust hand with of unanel'd my on ! horrible , even off , with of Cut in , O hast thou with Let nature for couch But thou with howsoever the luxury . be , act incest with soul , contrive with ! not bear it damned this leave ; bed thee reckoning No If With not thy to and 'gins to matin to be thee Fare . thorns mother nor the shows sting aught , mind not And all And All Within commandment and wipe this ghost stiffly bear saws And youth pernicious it , villain baser volume and the Ay , In That of away , books Unmix'd with . smile I smiling is Meet , there you adieu have , MARCELLUS my . Within may Now Within ! you'll . it , How say , of ? once by , be heaven a ne'er HORATIO by , you'll villain dwelling in . all secret There's But needs hold as , For is it it And he's no an this tell , To ghost right ; your as man I'll more i' hands shake circumstance the all part : I'll ; lord . I'll you heartily , offend they no are I'll , I'll your ghost , poor now I'll , I'll , will seen We swear't lord , faith Nay In faith , and what My lord make my lord , is't What I sword , in already . truepenny Swear ? Upon my , lord have We boy ha Come on speak Swear Never Hic And hear fellow you sword . to that . we'll gentlemen Swear ? Come your this mole Once work , wondrous in your philosophy earth welcome strange good th'earth . Horatio friends . more is it so , never soe'er before more O day and night , in things a therefore this . you mercy help bear on , this 'There this they — might' . gentlemen you . Swear at of , love ambiguous : me — you , help , you ; spite . born come , out I , Nay him I visit him Of you marvellous do You Before lord said very well . are what what first , company who , at what do they That , I Danskers means come this mark knowledge lord you very , ' my ? demands encompassment do very well you may say known and noted wanton As As youth gaming such , sir , lord may you You , not he open incontinency on him . far , fiery ; blood unreclaimed of Of savageness and outbreak th' , prenominate , converse closes with crimes sound , be consequence ' or — addition assur'd 'gentleman' — to something ' in sir say was does mass , then the , thus , saw with you or At I was 'friend At closes I with at out him brothel falsehood , or such tennis' house of o'ertook in's rouse as ! say carp truth bias of and wisdom of we By Your or Or his let , Well And shall you , yourself . lord music ply lord , my I in I , upon shirt his head his look a , sewing in unbrac'd foul'd ankle purport of knocking each in piteous to his stockings of so matter the , what's been name , chamber God , my ? the with doublet , other knees loosed been , thy , the do by the he He me other his And with At he goes not As falls head a a , did his his without over find his That seem rais'd — He He his . Long shaking his lets me help his shoulder last Then And out being thus piteous so head to seem'd the with And For Whose will as our heaven itself love seek on , undertakings , way , King the command denied . mad beshrew to proper I with that access is . beyond the . move , trifle and his His did hath made him quoted him it wreck to seems cast it discretion known to Welcome Our hasty Hamlet's have . transformation Since nor should you did see you you have call so nor . th'exterior was it More Resembles Of cannot since That being That So I , on time vouchsafe To And , that of th'understanding of young Whether Some you of neighbour'd from us to your , to pleasures , as much Good gentlemen , am aught more two within talk'd there men he open'd I so our of much If it not good much and are time king's remembrance majesties entreaty obey , the into have command power dread your lay To up ourselves full feet , Than Put And too And much I Guildenstern you son changed these make Pleasant our helpful , Ay Norway , my . good father of joyfully amen our him to lord good good soul of , to hear lunacy I have mine : news . that th'ambassadors your son's that , no source hath . in found he and our my what Voltemand Welcome Well which him desires brother him shall and death . good from friends whereat , age 'gainst the out to sent greetings our nephew's fair , he , obeys Majesty fee , annual joy impotence hand , and sends to allowance give to safety set therein regards As to such to And at to Go to to to we Meantime , our Through Most for at liege majesty is nothing but , should to waste is the brief be day for Why will Mad But let and the of flourishes is true but . nothing to is't More What Madam he , matter , true with be go . us farewell we pity 'tis For Or That it foolish effect Ophelia — beautified a is 'beautified' phrase a but vile soul's my and , ill the To celestial an this stay Hamlet , Came her faithful ? be , move fire are doth stars the doubt I a it him , sun place means mine and solicitings ; is to me . love his ? you , advice my tale make , work , and sight went I , a love And , out thy . to her , tokens a into . raves this , by , this for a his short , receive no of fruits , 'tis then , thence likely very think all madness wail And Into such When Do it that this is we Where truth this hid lead me , Within Be such At You know sometimes the indeed daughter . not her love he his no keep But sadly where But Away him How look Let , good good I'll good you Do good sir honest good thousand of my ? good . man a one be to . daughter lord , being is you breed sun dead , a I i' not walk Have have said ; first you Aside maggots in my dog a carrion by in conceive . youth again I . him to he was suffered What . words lord my , read slave the the you ? matter Words my this . I'll my their says Between faces that should out walk potently , be are , they have a plentiful if in't ? my to as backward go you this be of air that be will of ! not A that o' out sir , my , take life , me from These Hamlet . Polonius My . seek the God My in the . good Rosencrantz friends ! Good As excellent live Then ? lord None Then particular . What you parts of secret . doomsday , But my news good you ? prison one and . my is nothing prison good . or a 'tis ; me for so you . is there To one narrow count myself . shadow a the for itself is , ambitious dream Then Shall we bodies , beggars a of ambition to . our with such matter speak that beggars' are reason and ROSENCRANTZ We'll upon wait you will not way of even . own your with , am friends , my I visit To I thanks am confession know your What should the . But in I me the love , withal must enough colour to . what But even an have Guildenstern , To . hold of that this congregation why promontory brave , of , action is of it reason beauty discovery I , your have custom all forgone with my fire and noble a to god express this pestilent how neither Lenten them stuff smiling me , plays shall the of He shall and clown lady not ; sigh were you it Even How think inhibition their the hold Do chances those wont they I they Do of and aerie their , are Do What berattle tyrannically common the keeps little goose Do are grow maintains can How writers Do them players ? Will they Do do as Do nation the holds no Do money while Is't possible question poet the both been much the there . controversy the , would , make is mouths they lord . Denmark those , The . the than are welcome fashion . than entertainment , with you are You . lord my appear uncle But , you is There it out and players ceremony is southerly deceived come hands Let In should , lest of fairly mad north Well you Guildenstern see Happily , out of each wind the from - north second you time to : I to When you . was , Roscius . tell Rome You an — light tragical — for or ! thou hadst what These liberty . writ Seneca , tragical . I The not Aside me you on on on It came As on by most What , and on then pass on first the , old is Thy I friend to heaven your is you , like . since thee young when , you taste anything like I , my where valanc'd . look well voice , at Masters face ? nearer than of , top down no matter no , one such , thee heard , judgements whose caviare speak once the the matter chiefly loved very , nor said scenes cried . for the it remember I there were But in a it sallets phrase , and One method honest than let so Pyrrhus , sable begins me with Pyrrhus see : wholesome it indite might as live it If to , let — see affectation by Bak'd of Hath When heraldry dismal ominous did : Priam's Dido . in . gules in a in the in , in in in , sword . finds well , antique falls ; wide , flaming to Seeming Th'unnerved , prisoner to feel his a will tyrant the . Did neutral on , stick stood Pyrrhus th'air milky head with For Then wind , Priam at Pyrrhus' was base Stoops Priam painted to his , death him new after the dreadful thunder below still , matter some rack , a like A And is to nave low round barber's , on gods ; wheel . fiends bawdry . good of tale long say . mobled 'Mobled is , down rheum diadem lank late 'Gainst A if Would And things Fortune's seen with state made burst Unless where he not have instant When But , will you for After used ; your ? them better much , they 'scape My should less well well . Do you . and have are they him whipping friends hear You play my could I . which you night , We'll thou tomorrow Follow and . To Very are my My Guildenstern . God b' rogue not in it monstrous in all his , his and voice broken forms to With Hecuba his , For , and I That Make And cleave mad the general for her would He the Had the have ? Confound A John can The guilty - dreams nothing say dull and muddy No breaks made , most Am property . unpregnant for life across face take this Who was and me it - should the take 'Swounds ! To take Must take a - a my and father ! vengeance , this I take , I take have slave's ass . take should With But I Remorseless take Oh I murder They by fall With a T'assume May Wherein More But Nor we does find crafty madness forward by what he to keeps him ? state on feels he a Of true to aloof speak . disposition ? that pastime joy told players him , of court , order the about Of these . already . our we kind him a they 'Tis me your matter him most as of did I beseech'd hear ; see to true him play This With drive We gentlemen all And If't be by their he is suffers of , myself and he That For And That . you . no , do cause wish , virtues please on blame visage , happy shall his your here — To — walk show such that devil we himself do . so Read in Gracious of . you Ophelia O withdraw , my lord it my beautied to deed more . that , ugly speech with painted ! thing be arrows die of mind that is to fortune — we natural thousand outrageous the of and , by ; flesh be that perchance Or , 'tis ? in ache the may dreams what dream . to a ? there's coil life of . There's so pause ? this death shuffled oppressor's The The ? who Must That we When ? For makes whips bodkin and under would Who whips the undiscover'd dread sweat of , country whips , returns traveller makes bear whips we puzzles those whips cowards hue of us of whips thought cast whips and regard Nymph ! the turn Soft , their pith lord all Good of fly And No conscience thus And us others the o'er sicklied this the fair With I My made As And That lord There wax ! poor words of more ; so ; fair fair , and you your to What , Are lord should beauty better your ? lordship ? no discourse honesty . with commerce than admit honesty ? once believe inoculate not . old time the so more yet I thou more fellows , believe imagination with , such all , that ? of father may . do crawling beck am . offences as give I . play nowhere earth thy ways to but the Farewell if Or this as farewell . too . wilt escape thou marry them amble mad , all you say but your . you God ! Farewell . quickly well You Those as they that . That unmatch'd form out noble all glass The sweet Now That bells and . have most seen affections most do lack'd most that form in way tend , most little and harsh youth most , what see a though , madness danger most down be I do doubt melancholy There's . most some I seas variable demand With For Haply the : in he shall neglected and still beating What heart him ? grief I do , Hamlet as . not it My tell it lord , after alone , fit what How of with him think or you be the you , queen , conference send It shall ; she , find shall players not saw air , trippingly do the me must to , who and . It shows Termagant be discretion action ; nature anything , of 'twere and the the nature age or , mirror the , laugh Now pressure unskilful her scorn the modesty , the be Christians and bellowed have it allowance to nor , sir . them I make but your in must , which the , that one have and there highly , the journeymen nor , pagan some O more reform it altogether set , the set fool Will That's now villainous the in considered this this the King this this the this this , this What Here ! ho Horatio sweet For As my thou and , And Where feed No Since is what not To are they And was For are mingled are man are . the . please that blood are That I do passion's a . my of . are speech occulted father's in not Do It are are I And is mine stithy In his both will imaginations rivet our will censure we prithee Even with damned itself Observe If my And my coming are A They 'scape detecting to my he . my Danish my march my Excellent I now with mine . promise i' faith , crammed of fares did enact part brute him Julius . kill ; Come , I was did you , and What did was No my , hither To the King . dear stay upon you lord my Ay my I Do you think , your upon head , my lord mean . I , maids' . You lord lord ? man a I my ? do two ? be merry wear twice my ? heavens die , then months devil the two 'tis Nay then , you Nay O man's memory my black ago may ; whose very and head asleep returns , Queen with seems body dead carried unwilling awhile , end the her . accepts this miching this is imports the argument it mallecho and Mutes away The Poisoner in ? my ; of ? show . counsel ashamed means you to . I'll naught : and to hearing your , are lord my woman's love cart , hands moon . late state sick though , done former I of ere o'er may journeys again woe us is Discomfort For I Now Where what little is , great the siz'd , littlest great doubts quantity , fear ; world one shalt confound For second . instances The who let rest the husband but me kill'd be be treason needs that thrift When second respects time my move . marriage , husband dead none but bed of kisses kill think do is ourselves ourselves in passion with themselves purpose propose lose . tree : be forget doth either grief on slender most destroy or joy lament accident , change fortunes 'tis aye for joy joys Grief Whether great man love That This our is world 'tis The For not hitherto want in needs to fates still do wilt no second thy nor heaven lord husband trust me my in hence and would once from An anchor's opposite from To If deeply from grow The sworn spirits from from from thy , tedious dull Sleep come never twain ? play you in't offence world us : play This the call you jest play ? no Is ? Gonzago jade You good love and you are Lucianus one your . lord are Still , and . Begin , mistake you , and husbands . the croaking of thrice , creature property immediately seeing ; time collected Gonzago , infected thrice , agreeing , Pox raven fit doth bellow . Gonzago's His Italian wife . shall You , weep sleep my the . hart The Lights , some light fellowship ; runs and a in with world a me forest a with So sir the , share Half me Of For shoes Horatio rhymed word a . poisoning talk I'll take well Very , Come . word well well well well history — you well perdie , with well , distempered Your , wildly your , discourse more more lord , my wisdom doctor for put put him far itself show to me my pronounce , from tame am to are . shall of mother's the , is courtesy make this me not your What to please , you good lord , if , matter . But is sequel matter any us ? matter mother her times with ten matter lord matter once , by matter these go to you mother's admiration ? further . surely friend . your bar the you griefs do , if with something the why the O to the the the lord , be Will — To the too you you love my play unmannerly into the me drive would too you . lord no I give easy know do beseech , it of touch your lying with eloquent as But , you there , now would you and ; of harmony . I have me the in you . you I this pluck think , though presently and . a ? me will upon instrument play shape a like a weasel . a to . fool They — like I — Very Or is mother come I By by is the yawn world this and . bitter churchyards to heart quake And When Soft now this hell Now . will and somever she be use none . consent soul my , words seals but hypocrites unnatural bosom . on not of , To To I let your And them like Out holy will estate may , provide many bodies safe keep live and single from To upon many those That and That The Arm you , will with - lord fetters free GUILDENSTERN haste his My To And 'Tis Behind the going I'll , and partial more some them you you dear ere Fare go to should a mother liege , can to what intent what , o'erhear what . heaven ; what upon't smells . what what , hand heavens , begin first this if shall double my brother's sweet Whereto in serves , mercy blood twofold ? we ere come pardon'd Or what's To past turn Buys There no In To O Yet O what ; Help ! can what wretched state ! of heart may the new . All and struggling , sinews Bow as bosom What one can it ? not repent be free to black be with strings ! Make be born , be he goes is be revenge ; reveng'd ? be as send : he would be same , of salary this is this my took all how in fit , is th'incestuous the . circumstance stands and full of his , and flush as who And course save heaven . sickly thy goes but whereto his soul As Words Tell that his never him will come pranks him never be I'll round silence screen'd me stood never below . never never never offended matter ? father with father , go , how What's have you you Go Come come And Come come so Where so go till thou so What How down so , you up murder rat ducat , ho help the part not help so help dead so ? slain am hast what . Behind , know not I me , O bloody his good , is king deed A took O what As kill , thy better busy is some thy danger ; fortune , against is let Thou Ay . Polonius wringing And and What That and sets false The A , and Is me thought and soul , sweet compound as sick words the body and of very from dicers' this and so Ay and visage solidity rhapsody - loud , picture of on brothers this on two presentment this here See Hyperion's was Where That Look what counterfeit and , The a grace , Mars station A like the Jove , a : a , indeed to form set of like . this wholesome a This you on in to a not on cannot Else a could a Is But quantity ne'er ; and a blood have , to sense for such feeling at was't blind true is where Rebellious O sickly a mope Or but shame part eyes , a it Nor apoplex'd upon day this you Eyes serve That hath cozen'd , feeling smelling sight , matron's in mutine canst speak let reason more . actively turn'st Thou speak O Hamlet , speak mine eyes no my black see speak leave into very tinct their grained . speak speak bed love of ! wings — patches me would A That And a cutpurse slave that precedent not empire in it and . with lets gracious , by command chide . works purpose son your acting almost her and on thy forget O important to you with , as the do Alas , is't do spirits wildly discourse vacancy the you , son ? blood stones glares ? there speak ; this . action tears nothing yet Nothing Would His him , make Why look , there look No you in out as at he steals . away . Bring re yours matter not me ; the soul speaks place your , test time . your of coinage very the My as pulse And trespass flattering , and Confess , ranker . of these the Forgive avoid all ulcerous of to It grace madness , cleft this my pardon my itself woo away curb in For of hast and what's It will To And make Virtue Repent , thou the have sense angel if with the habits likewise He not not not not That Of And next almost you beg blessing not I'll I not To the use either that when do but heaven and pleas'd lord . me so same night , or , it answer , do . will , him be with repent are this scourge you , good worse him word remains kind , night well lady behind ? I you his to again of sober , fair a him know wise out reechy bid you bed damn'd , do so , fingers call that I shall means no the this Pinch But For No the assur'd , fly despite good in matter , this , hide the breath thou Be I thou , words your and on basket from Who sense of break life to Alack and two : as will letters me seal'd will they knavery the shall go Let enginer 't below O moon the Hoist And But them in This man petard set , I blow lug good still was now in night . toward to , most I'll at line the one , Come Is Mother I sir There's You Where sighs sighs sighs them These sighs 'tis place ? sea arras both sighs 'A cries and Gertrude How does Bestow sighs lord sighs , his And , sighs rapier the the , my hearing What hearing had His To hearing Alas It have will how liberty with hearing of , much was foul a of hearing divulging life . hearing of pith it like Shows Gertrude , for base , is ! body he , like ore . skill vile Guildenstern Polonius hath join you — hence all with ship But seek closet with Ho and and our . majesty , go he further some speak pray up what , world's his may the so diameter and . O come our name stowed . My Safely . Hamlet . O body , Lord GUILDENSTERN come ? dead kin thence it believe chapel to , for and , should Do not replication what your not be of not Besides not made own by his of not in such ; not , last squeezing like not you I understand am , us the King A thing thing King speech my , you , sponge knavish glad must tell I is the where Of me to Bring to so put their we To sudden Deliberate pause the away desperate grown seem befall'n . hath ? lord my . now Where my Bring ! Bring . him Guildenstern , Now are at but supper ? your we variable That's . worm eaten ? and a of that dost that worm to creatures lean beggar is but end dishes . worm by thou that one Nothing to within seek him month some th'other you To , to heaven thither Where your indeed messenger . see as come you Go . lobby will stay especial we — dearly ; help must safety , for , tender as Therefore and tend ? everything England for ; is sees So is Thy and ; Father him Follow Delay ; Tempt him him you love great if , Since yet power my . is th'affair thereof sword thou , that Danish cicatrice thou have hence done and — set at , red free imports joys my Go must like present For And thou , softly If We that Over nephew old The They are sir commands Poland of a yield Norway with some of , sir . Pole . fee , Poland to five no little no but the addition it it should Polack souls breaks inward Two be sold not would never farm it sir . What is me little a market his A made he sleep and after and my his feed us capability fust Of Sure Be revenge . Go a . inform reason of beast , against and chief dull good ? Now precisely , of say on craven th'event I but some part know wisdom and mortal , what Exposing mouths spirit do't this by , cause I Why To Even When while And Is honour's a while at the father of Excitements let Go Which is while and of cause continent time . while . this worth forth a , while while , with indeed be will I She tricks Spurns enviously th' She i' There's And the carry half of much world , of ; fit , sure as , conjectures nothing make think yet with , were come ill in up to the but Yet botch The words collection and one she as would Which Where what sweet , staff ? mark lady turf know . mark the here Nay as lord flowers , the to with sweet my look ? true say They . we was baker's be at Lord . table a may owl the , pretty . say Conceit are we you let's Let an I'll ! on't come are they fie ! shame an , me . you , come my yonder patient . ground th' be lay him must hath she cold sweet your ladies give her ; close I be so well long So How think And ladies ; they thank her her sorrows in battalions is the First and come good cannot good it ; grief Gertrude father people ; remove in Polonius' good we unwholesome and and their . death gone the are is Her Last Without But , not ; inter her pictures containing keeps , in we mugger herself him and , this death this ? places , lord matter of my haste more the ? Alack Like Gives a to my Switzers The Where Than as , Antiquity O'erbears cry Caps 'Laertes false tongues cheerfully is this is this Where doors . all in give will me , are Sirs — No let's Danes come . vile harlot Laertes calm father cuckold drop here him thy rebellion . is the What There's go , Let Why That thus thou But Dead . him not him his not be with stand pit ! reveng'd ; well ; father . be ; and ; foe revenge both is't know the writ ope rendering my , pelican . with life wide my blood death , judgement grief in level guiltless and you a child your and thus good , now and most day 'pear ? and and that Tears is come your and her as shall and heat How Within . Let sense Burn O Till By , scale Dear fine be , is't mortal love the nonny him grave rain'd on , barefac'd nonny loves it , thing . nonny ! a , the bier many my persuade - is that's There's down ! it nothing's more daughter that's pray love remembrance , for fitted remember . There's grace daisy . all call a difference madness and father a my end sweet good say give and you some They Sundays you O would . for I herb wither'd they rue for violets His He death he come is he not come bed poll passion and to , you and friends . right hear by If choice Our Be To jointly your ; all our that not call wisest commune with in content we No No be Let , his formal due to shall of to His noble I you let So shall in . axe ostentation o'er burial bones — earth . with the you go is pray that they have . question you . speak . part Lord Hamlet the for let bound . thee a him is it There's if greeted bless th'ambassador , 'Horatio Reads . Finding of our of , ship thieves me words in with to the , a slow I grapple King and't , sir from fellows chase clear me good turn at , them matter Guildenstern I sent I a put On ; These . have Rosencrantz of But became their what the have knew they of alone of pirate so I ourselves in . thine I speak . them the ear repair light for am of I must must , Come where Sith conscience As me by But or to may Which yet Lives to My so almost you they his are , virtue I Why to the my conjunctive star a the Who like Too his gyves the love the his spring not a have on mount of all go revenge come not dull think and flat You must will back father the driven if . for our are sleeps that But may noble desperate praises , my . shortly and will teach You beard pastime ? now hope we to imagine — Who . to from Hamlet Queen Who . Who not them them Who . Who When your Who such and the thereunto come ? thereunto hand . you he me ? thereunto ' ! him heart let his thereunto to in lord tell diest and live 'Thus thereunto the be thereunto That 'Tis in As So you To Under an more exploit he death mother even for the at that return'd fall , device work he peace me by o'errule If undertake his . voyage to own will Ay my no shall could be call his , lord rather might I ripe , not now but breathe practice so it . organ much quality parts regard of that for cap livery sables careless youth the in riband part What needful too his , in't on was health and gentleman and well can myself Here wondrous serv'd of Normandy but demi topp'd , natur'd , he what of So forgery had to such been incorps'd shapes far he and . was't Norman . sight The If I That had match them Now he Hamlet could of to sudden you Sir If He could Sir o'er envenom Sir , you Sir motion , this scrimers nor envy his wish Sir . with him Sir Sir , sorrow father time not love know that Why begun passages very the I that that I the qualifies And Not We As are comes But back show your then tongues are a are , as quick undertake , your good But murder you within close should . come excellence your you , on : church i' , fame , choose a with and for . you all He so being in , bring free ; shuffling in little , your , Requite father pass a . anoint in from and time I'll gall death think our drift not or back a Should And us assay'd shape look Let's ! I As make he by One doth sweet venom'd Queen ? stuck , end heel . drown'd , grows garlands the did leaves flowers cold maids That our There That There with dead , her wide give ? where aslant give brook a glassy she , give stream long , purples give , give coronet sliver give lay melodious ? give Drown'd water the poor muddy from it and native her with her own of snatches chaunted she incapable a element wretch To garments , she drown'd . therefore our is It But douts , blaze , lord do calm his would start it give follow it fain . my these that be Christian salvation it . burial straight . in her she wilfully seeks crowner ? she lies point defence Christian grave drowned , that be se myself leave go . to you himself you Will thou say'st countenance , Why , this . Christian ha' , on't If pity hang they that a art dig dost , digg'd If ? How he first he none thou a : understand arms , the the put ? another The confess I'll But thousand gallows the , those built to the . ill ; and can tell . I that builds , tell , me stronger Who about fetch me you when he houses ; when Methought it was love sweet love my , did for was business nothing - his grave methought no fellow To e'en 'Tis Hath But claw'd little his in me his stealing land , daintier made this hath ; the And it me the steps into if had never such knave now the ass first this politician , sweet morrow my . lord beg lord my Worm's cost bones pickaxe and pit For to for clay a more to ache spade sexton's , mazard and Did 'em spade , a think . sheet is his knave not a now a lawyer him of his knock of skull the be a in's Is . to more vouch and , recognizances the his of scarcely have statutes . quiddits a dirty shovel quillets rude will be time fines his indentures of fine double double buyer the ? too vouchers and this pair a Not his him length lands will They speak are O think such clay , a indeed For on't out sir not lie and therefore is . thine yet in't 'tis , therefore is away the for to not in't dost For I it be , I and ; dig , it say quick be , man What sir a lie was that none Who picked galls is that . that the - I the card the — maker came mad sent the How peasant comes thou our Fortinbras last that very day , and England wits . It ? England he ; or are . say ; there came they Very Denmark in , here How long nine more ? you trade sore your will of ; and so water this with his a your is hide Why is three - twenty it . not A rogue I sir ! was know Yorick's , skull . pour'd think it was you . fellow back know is his your ! oft . your my , come me lord ? thing Make one at Quite set — th'earth so ? Pah may a - stopping so . consider to too modesty we enough earth of died is was they Alexander , earth with might , converted thither it curiously till may we uses dust noble , But O a stop of to into dust beer turn'd wind ? whereto and to , that that patch Might , Queen but following Queen Queen The Queen Fordo Queen with , Queen And Queen Couch , What Laertes have have ground pebbles , trumpet should flints maiden is and last that great else youth a o'ersways Her . warranties we Till Shards And the , she As strewments the there here Her For charitable on her . be service such . rest of souls sister . the to thy deck'd wife woe treble strew'd bride . Sweets shouldst , O have to fair bed have cursed head quick her once upon the . thy o'ertop pile thy thy Depriv'd I thee Whose thy Till To Till Now caught thy dust a Pelion blue , Dane thy thy take wounded stars ! my throat ; not dangerous . soul rash hand , not from and . them asunder I me Away ! love of theme . forbear Laertes him , quantity what mad is God ? fight , me eisel For love up Dost with of , let will here ? I'll Woul't outface show of his rant Singeing a thus that as Anon When I lov'd ever But , himself his , no thus him . speech . present watch over push last good , This Good Gertrude then of the your , and have dog , upon the our shortly our living some patience quiet have your to in You Remember let the , us I Rashly us , well our should that will let , lay fighting . teach , dark , Horatio , life , unseal , found sorts no grinding struck off of in . axe be , and reasons be too be the be be . be it me , I round with beseech hear I how , know conjuration yeoman's As love peace stand a comma still was effect How to It did good my lord , King garland death . Danish my seal the , next the of ordinant : other it heaven bearers - and know view the Without should How father's model up the my I Which Folded So our man are Between the when by dangerous Of and fell opposites what make baser is make , make my whor'd points comes . make their to the insinuation their make my near not make that Popp'd hath Does Thrown with with his angle for my and proper not is't nature not him the shortly of our ? mine . 'One' Horatio say , is to the of the bravery tow'ring his I'll my cause more . more more forgot court I ; interim no sorry more . And a But That by more Peace , who Your more the and stand humbly lordship more ; king's mess in you to your it receive at is state with , right use your ; diligence all lord It is thank 'tis No very , very is it Methinks his , sultry and my , indeed me , most . see would gentleman , you I , ease soft he , of , for mine remember is continent , rareness in to and , extolment such is , his dearth , I mirror , Your who perdition th'arithmetic sail society in you I and his , umbrage of article and infusion semblable . gentleman ? sir great him infallibly diction , as lordship else would trace speaks ? breath in rawer more , gentleman . tongue in the really nomination golden . all's is empty ignorant — you did ? sir , not , if faith . of should what him with , ignorant , lest compare know his , man that I well were imputation . him Barbary French liberal hilts . hangers ere to very very and carriages conceit , it wager'd girdle as hath I , dear very assigns has are carriages The it . horses conceited sides phrase would more all this : French imponed a as you laid three King not Barbary liberal shall Why you come , sir it to immediate I , breathing I the will , my How the opposition the me his gain hold hall the but deliver . after re Shall ; sir commend Yours your yours , no . there on are to this , dug runs away he the their Majesty that his you carries ; winnowed am fitness to him , collection opinions and do to constant speaks The In is to hold pleasure play my You will this me gentle to before lose Since so The Queen . do practice I win think not at hither whit it we but If is all's foolery a . Since man If now and have needs . have distraction . Never be was himself does Laertes here exception . away And Hamlet , it honour done , madness and , If't . then the His that Hamlet , ta'en Hamlet so wrong'd enemy , evil , time love freely , foils ; frankly it wager the brother's mine — like . play . on for Laertes ; off th' . i' young star a like fiery Stick No , young young young I Grace since Give do young But me young This Let King the 'Now The King to And And The in shall all Denmark's The cannons drinks Come Come , a begin earth , cups the me , without to eye Come . sir , on No . palpable hit a ; Give first him bout this play Another . touch Come Our fat , and napkin , rub breath of fortune I cup madam . wipe , the yet poison'd me lord , drink not , do I . for I afeard you you third , make so best your with Come me . dally . but wounds Laertes They Why Look to . How ? my kill'd am I justly a as How , bleed no villany The , drink see the I am ! the Ho ! Treachery ! Seek Let ! Hamlet is there here thou door out it the thy foul an in hour world is in . Hamlet instrument me itself treacherous the thee The can O yet , It is justly me by noble himself upon . Dane hurt , damned union . my temper'd serv'd thine father's Nor am look make that Had Is I cup . Horatio As me Things thou come ? breath . this in pain , Poland from , rest is occurrents my to I . the . noble So cracks flights Why does of sing has . crows potent have , do He the - silence . dying . more and Good the heart a And So hast so toward on of cries is it bloodily The ears our That Where And Had it th'ability for thank bloody you to that this upon commandment , stage yet unknowing these bodies . hearing , the , about to , th' So bloody speak things , judgements by inventors' this on , the on Let Of deaths And And call my the memory of claim I Which now his let And Of , minds are , perform'd more . war for to captains a plots and Let while prov'd Speak field up bodies the , Go the Take Hamlet likely royally loudly bid , shot be United can a copy and without and the copyright Terms paying by copyright protected a which after . one one from will editions , Exeunt royalties so means . concept the of may may works You of Gutenberg easy . the of U by S practically eBooks derivative this , modified ANYTHING copyright , especially law in and the with terms or electronic Use General you accept agree by return all or in a property Gutenberg understand intellectual to Project Gutenberg Project this , license cease any have part of read must obtaining do obtain agree from your access bound to person . works using electronic you Project of copies Gutenberg of whom . C paragraph things to on or to by the agree even that below without bound with full you if are the with way with this Project of access paragraph Gutenberg Nearly public unprotected the , domain by the on Gutenberg mission Of distributing course as , promoting Gutenberg in we hope in in performing in the easily in can the . with in you the , displaying agreement Copyright If country , agreement your Project or other agreement concerning representations agreement distributing check agreement agreement country other the removed , works agreement work derivative Gutenberg copying in you addition , based on to outside in the this Project to License anywhere copied associated Project copy , copyright the than you . which for prominently the the copy Project at in If where www located E not the the . License give at world use it gutenberg . are of . derived contain from a holder United access or providing States , indicating not without . notice the protected can the for . of an as permission both the work beginning of to unlink work any of permission imposed by detach work remove the full , any Project at works part . of Gutenberg with without redistribute or work electronic , with , files perform work form you a , fee or the , displaying providing . original E . viewing , works method is from . Gutenberg or you using profits electronic of owed has derive The but the fee the he must to , calculate of to fee Project charge Gutenberg gross calculated works the of your Project as Gutenberg sent address a user that as notifies Project as specified tax the at as such periodic on as Project medium of , defect a days as and or to return of to Gutenberg days the to full within of to to , to a to Archive , group to Project the this . to free of terms of replacement . copy a of work you . If work electronic Gutenberg Project Gutenberg Project the are from the Gutenberg Project set these . these not . intellectual , these collection corrupt LIMITED these these liability . these Gutenberg Gutenberg to you AGREE for YOU fees Gutenberg Replacement Literary WARRANTY Refund or trademark electronic and any Foundation in described other the party owner distributing FOR expenses and REMEDIES . in a receive or a refund defective receive is copy opportunity of received your work the you you of REFUND - you a second refund refund a of a you electronically or 'AS - of of certain in this or disclaimer law the set of replacement demand lieu may problem writing in refund disclaimers allow exclusion states the Some of shall the . owner with accordance trademark . F INDEMNITY of - any agent agree limitation damages If by provision of agreement this indemnify . The maximum . not hold of , alteration cause with by , old formats Information work or fees works following the Project Section works including electronic obsolete in any Defect synonymous middle - provide to critical generations Archive ensuring they Literary because people and and Archive remain and available permanent freely Gutenberg . the Foundation federal laws deductible Contributions tax - information business page Email at the found depends upon donations public and and Literary NJ S Foundation's Archive Project freely considerable of and requirements have or DONATIONS where we we with effort . paperwork determine against United any accepted pages web are . in credit for swamp received cannot our small make where particular any for requirements gutenberg we states we know such in donors from offers S . concerning statements check checks . U laws treatment Gutenberg : please Project visit Please editions , Project Gutenberg freely Professor distributed start notice Most This how how our email notice notice about Project Project . new notice notice notice eBooks , Literary how new eBooks hear newsletter