upon carefully hour your . the Stand . me Long He Get thee King live bed . bitter , haste ! them , Horatio bid make and stirring , ho , Stand Friends this meet rivals If I think I them Dane liegemen Who is . night to reliev'd you night Barnardo place is ? you who soldier good appear'd , along of of tonight Welcome thing , Marcellus . him . seen hold . this us speak night , come ears apparition minutes again our Tush With watch That let let us so That us down 'twill tush , He now it Where break . Look where and myself comes , beating wonder and it Horatio . that's to Mark , fear . of . speak charge away I of By In Together which the that majesty buried fair is ? offended . thee ! avouch ! had ! very mine sensible and eyes . true not ? believe on't more think the King : he on an the Thus martial He Such he it to the the gross bodes particular what eruption state , of my to me our he most tell and . brazen of of such shipwrights And now Good This , So nightly mart sit make toils same , subject this foreign What might night is't Doth joint that can ; inform labourer ? but you whisper now ; on the even Was as prick'd the , this so Did Dar'd , slay stood he Which this law life of Fortinbras which ratified the by our , King his inheritance by the vanquisher ; same young full there take lands , head preparations in and us of And of watch it post father recover doth a hath As And terms But That it the of source this may think Well armed mote most In it and be no this so but our is stood The stars squeak was That little high graves in Upon and and palmy in the Julius Roman of star , dead , stands ; almost sick And Was like precurse still on , it done , in uphoarded speak grace be . or Lo earth and climatures ! any it there be I'll But sound me where , hast any Speak thee may thou art Speak to me to country's may spirits they if , me do to O in , strike it will if here it 'Tis at , 'Tis gone ! of so invulnerable , majestical violence being show , mockery cock the a like , trumpet shrill and to at in our It And The , of Saviour's Wherein bird takes no singeth that . cock truth comes , know . death us whole woe nature him . queen , joy , marriage , barr'd gone thanks . law him meeting here , scarcely suppress levies all dispatch Voltemand Norway power the duty our duty ? Laertes , Laertes asking , heart , father ? France Denmark ; done France pardon Polonius slow . go . thine , consent on , die . lives thy friend common to like it , is like like Why noble ever like with father like . colour nighted like all a dust lids vailed the like in that thee like like particular of shows eye , grief , of , indeed might which truly . your in that a man suits commendable trappings your , that within know these and the give but have must sweet mourning , lost lost obligation obsequious In do stubbornness impious To a shows Of A It heart In An we For understanding know the Why to reason To what ? it As any the of A should heart against death fathers first Is must , unprevailing a You the are From so father And , be the that This , I As of , Than Do , Here Our Let I chiefest not pray her thy 'tis a ; in and obey stay ourself and Denmark us with to my all , as This heart cannon to loving smiling great rouse the in Be the - that Sits O King's No His , and too And Thaw earthly Re self the resolve canon weary , Seem me - all stale this Fie grows to seed Oh Or two I 'gainst me not fed on't , As if With A all it or ere , too he to dead nay roughly ? remember Hyperion it , Visit But Possess excellent her a satyr , increase ; on , might not — of and , think , Heaven on is , name , she had — good sheets eyes , tongue my incestuous I cannot , it nor O flushing in wicked for my , is . It married With Had yet longer ; Hercules salt of but . most to dexterity your to to see I do or , same my poor servant my good name that from Marcellus good lord you . make faith , disposition your hear do my truster of know I your affair drink to to see me mock to see , it Horatio ! forth the my met seen that methinks I my , eye mind's , him think , like King lord I a the I saw father father admiration My Season Appears thus the Within jelly truncheon's oppress'd stately and Goes their Stand Almost dumb , with dreadful and of Where And as thing them they the These apparition Form And to even at Did the not would did cock morning like , speak , lord answer made the And we As live did duty ; our ? true in watch MARCELLUS , motion , the then it vanish'd very honour'd my it . lord down writ , this but know troubles lord BARNARDO . say my . lord tonight my head top to toe beaver ? foot his you . to anger than look'd face in ? you or . pale very red , constantly his Most upon I would eyes been amaz'd . it Stay'd . longer haste saw't . Longer , like might BARNARDO , moderate very a . I when MARCELLUS like one warrant you I have seen it in . will . person gape tonight again my assume Perchance it it 'twill watch ; all , silence I hell noble hitherto in else whatsoever you speak tenable If I walk you ; ye hap this should tongue no . fare , twelve well is you honour not ; come well , eyes . benefit , favour , blood ; not , of a trifling ? sweet minute a his . youth lasting fashion in and more of in nature service inward . soil Perhaps of his will no of weigh'd his himself is not as ; himself For Carve he The sanctity may He And for therefore Unto the is the fits It As he give his Than the May Then weigh with If lose too your , it keep Out And of The If she Virtue The or canker oft Too or And in or Contagious or wary Be to or itself or I shall or watchman to Do or not me the Show Whilst Himself the And stay too A double Occasion , wind stay'd And thou Nor thou friends them do But new each entrance Bear't that every man man's each thy Costly express'd For the they in a Neither loan borrowing And above all must it canst : humbly thine invites thine Farewell thine What thine thine you thine thine thine The 'Tis yourself you please Have If you And you you What you you He you you Affection you Do speak speak do I speak Marry speak That Which speak , speak Or Running My speak thus , speak to sterling crack not have not are — Ay And With all countenance may you fashion Even Be must something Set not promise take scanter light more the in Do not Not of that mere But ; given dye his ; be with And Than ; I ; Look to't ; I I words so ; you Have not , give As air bites The It is I I heard Wherein the What King wassail doth as he kettle The to And More And Makes clepe Soil From They our The That for in oft some breaking Or form The Oft by Carrying Being , virtues His Shall From Doth Look of of of of of Bring of Thou father canoniz'd we their saw his again of dead , thou Revisit'st of That With why Say , impartment away What our . ground with you To if beckons As It waves It it some . Wherefore no my lord the at my soul I Why not my thing me , for life should set forth it It waves as it , sea brain every roar still . beneath Think of it my the horrible other to into place more It Go Hold you your not hands shall ; not fathoms . me thee . gentlemen ghost Nemean . body , follow on As And Be rul'd fate of thus with . obey to imagination not issue what this fit a desperate ! follow To He will state of . him . Denmark it I'll , go . me Speak ? I will . Mark is up myself almost render sulph'rous Alas Whither wilt thou I My When thou am the foul burnt Are And Till To Would Doom'd art I a for day crimes a tell certain the thy for term done away the soul and knotted two I secrets unfold freeze the upon thy combined eternal ears But of didst If foul Revenge and Murder Thy hair List And each blood To is it ; ever ! Murder his O God most , that I thoughts revenge apt thou find sweep or shouldst As know't , foul me But foul the in swift , fat ; with the this Now sleeping , given A Haste Wouldst That rots that forged but abus'd Is stir in my , youth life uncle prophetic wears know process thou . soul , serpent that his crown ! that wit his my did sting ! stung of , With So O Ay will me Now power heaven vow , lust , bed of decline mov'd , dignity . never shape it , Hamlet That a . prey to in as gifts were poor to a in court though , and even ; natural in I Upon Though To of mine lewdness sate soft My Upon The the Brief And natural an instant like tetter like most - my blood gates and vigour it into about . body So a by and , smooth queen of with even of I and thin Most Thus Of , crown , account , dispatch'd , crust heaven to aught , leave that those thee her let pursu'st luxury and bosom lodge , act contrive , once thy her incest be ; head my , of royal ! on bear Denmark not it damned . heart , instant old my a ? thee holds records memory Remember while , ghost ! Ay But ! you ! In couple hell I ! Yea this stiffly globe all Remember fond all past heaven villain brain all my alone trivial all live ; by ! damned all woman pernicious volume Yes Meet and it , set smile all , Now all all ! So Heaven Within , ho be ho , Within Within , ho is't What How , Nor then There For it as your every fit without ; right Why I , You as it are These heartily , us good between me let is tell this know scholars , may as As , upon , fellow Art , sword my my boy Come Never Hic old , said , A Well , are And more things in in heaven , but more Once this is bear think meet — on me to help need this out giving or most So 'If 'Well we As what not his love I so your shall time Nay I was of come let's out , cursed go to lips us your . man friending it . in pray a poor fingers , born , this will do marvellous shall Before Marry , well ; first and me By What your as know how And Enquire company they That Than this part , very — know 'twere forgeries he , in And in But Addicted What But Ay Quarrelling , lord may You would it in dishonour go . may that as must Wherefore But And Ay my You 'twere As my , I ' sir 'Good in Having of in or the , be , guilty . I , lord , or ' 'friend phrase and man According country does ? to , marry gentleman , the . and the I was What — 'closes : 'friend He Or then , At you the : At 'closes : There then he enter : such him in : with I There saw a bait : By windlasses do we of such tennis' o'ertook or and there : forth directions former You I fare have . well you , me you my My by indirections assays out of and lecture have , son Good my in shall let Observe I his my , his . yourself . music . lord . now Alas Ophelia , With , I in what the with the my as in name his all my so , lord his , lord upon My as Ungart'red To Pale his hat And shirt he of speak As with if do I not lord , love he comes . it , of waving my . mine face , go . profound all his . perusal of stay'd arm . me . King . eyes , to fordoes go love under him afflict As And the you good given as ; I did No , my lord repel have , does I had not sorry him I meant to quoted am That And It lack To must grief This hide to and much see you Guildenstern provoke to did long I you did to call ; the nor inward . sort move love . you heard Rosencrantz Welcome , hasty need use it man should of up here his that Something sending nor it from of And cannot than To him as aught , Good draw Some occasion occasion you That occasion on your by unknown much occasion are will good you living occasion occasion occasion , occasion will awhile into fits a more remembrance visitation supply your so more , two . time adheres If it us our hope , shall king's profit receive sovereign As Your by We here up both commanded gentle I Rosencrantz , and Guildenstern beseech king's and gentle you instantly Go our make these Pleasant helpful and presence gentlemen and to Hamlet Rosencrantz . practices from Ay , amen joyfully hast still to , my sure of , father been as , cause . have found to I , that — else or — to lunacy King good the Assure and of that do admittance fruit them shall news do that of speak My Thyself me bring in . found son's but of , which out him from he sent and our brother desires to . suppress Highness your It was But be a look'd appear'd ; griev'd whereat , impotence , greetings fair Most Say Upon his ; before his ; and into the truly sends out found Polack . obeys your soldiers , enterprise , fee annual in overcome against crowns , please regards likes consider'd upon your , read labour . time well we'll , for at Most Meantime This My What liege majesty is should welcome well ended expostulate , time . flourishes mad day duty . to to brevity is , madam limbs and the , be , wit time is time . but else with . less nothing go that to use . grant For Or But he is farewell Madam pity That this it And mad given , effect , mine , surmise , defect cause by of . this thus the most . phrase , my celestial an Good , stay awhile ; I a the the sun to truth that thou Doubt madam from her faithful , move doth fire liar are be to Adieu , love ? honourable and and ; have I . show'd daughter , best This Thine evermore they And , to hath his . ear mine of what But hot , it prove . I must might the what on you , bespeak round sight , that . this so love this upon had What Hamlet And not That look'd think young is 'Lord might to Thence into a Into Fell sadness took , receive fruits then by declension thy resort , work to precepts . gave of I into , the Thence And she Which a he And we think , this fain likely . be I'd ? know , said I , me Where is this we in the I does the And be he time So indeed it try an . loose loose loose for wretch it farm no from behind loose I'll At such Be loose Let loose loose me loose look Well Do my lord my - mercy lord . fishmonger are a you Then Excellent well I Not be in dead dog , a good kissing be man a thousand world my lord honest ? were would a a my a Friend . may . conceive th' Have ? he first by youth I was him Still I — suffered What . this me How her said in speak you read slave ? the faces beards - have , which . their . sir mean What Words Slanders I Between who my , men you . method if it though honesty am , my ? most wit , down powerfully sometimes which , of between I on How ? in't and a crab , air yet air often most take that my meeting out o' I , the happiness walk you Will Indeed replies sanity You , take from me be A ! are , is lord My could not so that of my you well lord except Fare These To . the Polonius You seek to go good My friends excellent Rosencrantz . As Good the in On Fortune's that indifferent Happy we Nor the soles we Neither her about waist live Then you secret the near , Fortune None , you news O my lord she Then but parts doomsday particular is . What Denmark's lord my Prison one goodly think , for you . not one a it too . or worst confines which in ; Why ambitious indeed Truly ambition nutshell is and dream very bad . and . GUILDENSTERN you upon shadows I beggars servants heroes fay my outstretch'd is shadow and to we will an beaten are . I We'll ROSENCRANTZ Then such speak that Is ? I am own with your , it my , dear friends To I inclining poor in of way should nay ? free lord a ; speak and not for have modesties your by rights have for sent the dear our let which , good the the say we , my You . were lord King end of youth . say What If love . you no . have To you and I tell late your of exercises , frame ; goodly this firmament most other roof the look seems air to work moving and an no appears What this excellent but secrecy and canopy the majestical King not piece of animals paragon the , angel in a , was . so say : the , nor express and fire , god me , what neither is , of in ; reason admirable and like , to thoughts man not , me' lover way ; halt they shall use be knight humorous freely , mind take city are whose . to the , those laugh for't wont shall coming they , his foil end shall players say shall chances think you were Their better the by comes estimation they they indeed , same I they hold the Do How it they call ; grow out are on quills sing common to are exclaim quills themselves than for't — quills quills maintains dare quills escoted they they do them as quills say ? quills . thither many come can better quills own sides for was quills been throwing has away ? of brains went ; a no cuffs while to , is father my apiece more fifty that do , they for my him my mouths is a very hundred at there , Elsinore it than Elsinore . out Elsinore Elsinore of , Elsinore Gentlemen , garb outward . Elsinore you are fashion to appear - and Elsinore dear lord - I yours tell Elsinore which . deceived , I man That . ear for they his an it Mark . so swaddling a clouts say . is players 'twas . you indeed to . When honour his - actor each came Then be - in comical and the heavy nor These Plautus scene , of judge , What writ treasure Israel 'One The . not Aside he Am me Jephthah that follows well , have my on not lord was For look , where young valanc'd thee . see to , my is heaven voice ? Thy glad well since when Masters . I , face ! What ring the . acted never received in it once the What Come e'en gold the by of piece We'll not once . judgements , of author matter cunning play thee , caviare , speak to heard above in , more it . and One , live , thereabout of , arms horse smear'd ominous the sable see If let complexion trick'd mothers , total dismal , parching , with daughters a the and in in the gules coagulate Roasted the with . seeks Priam you hellish Pyrrhus . with good good accent . damned and gore spoken . falls , thus eyes my God To That vile a their murders proceed well And With 'Fore Priam whiff command arm wind and drives father Seeming Repugnant with But Pyrrhus the to to his Which Stoops reverend Pyrrhus' And But A , as declining blow and For the his , still stand against the so , the hush a was prisoner a in The winds as rend Doth As less remorse falls synod fellies take strumpet . you gods , fall sword hammers Pyrrhus' - pause , wheel the away eterne , a work , bleeding her from Fortune as nave ! her hill long of tale , jig on 'The ? good the 'Mobled queen' clout A . Where and ! diadem About her lank good That's Run A seen in this barefoot blanket late With mobled is queen' Fortune's and o'erteemed threat'ning robe steep'd . then malicious husband's , her — sport limbs , heaven — eyes has Do ? more in And Would you speak turn'd passion of move the colour no bestowed chronicles of in's and tears you of . soon hear brief this . bad than their to epitaph after man according his honour own bounty and . your . play a play tomorrow Murder The a study insert speech and need mock you I'll him , leave . to Elsinore am I Now that I am that slave here player that of . passion that own dream his that wan'd his to in's that function aspect whole distraction that visage that And to and he ? and would What all Hecuba for cue for he and stage the and horrid with speech the and with free appal indeed amaze and and and . Yet rascal and , and unpregnant mettled of not ears for , my life most I Am a pate my in it breaks . dear my lie the me blows does Who : it ? for me and or ere lack region , the bawdy , kindless , Bloody all ! is This ! vengeance lecherous father dear heaven a and my unpack by very like heart ! Foh have upon't at a ! heard a play the of sitting scene that soul I malefactions their tongue , no have of murder . these my I'll observe his If looks he but I that spirit . devil , yea hath and melancholy my , such the spirits with I'll and have . The of the conscience play's drift he you puts no circumstance this quiet of speak means , keeps well Did would crafty dangerous his all confess from But we find him on to forward turbulent cause we do with him feels by , distracted madness state receive like ? to a ? of with Did , it you so assay Madam Most on raught We And hear , And he beseech'd and most content . inclin'd the doth much further it . my to lord too Hamlet leave sent closely , here , edge on , espials us delights accident for hither may , no judge unseen frankly , of shall your him shall . your his so beauties , part If't bestow their by thus be gather so of We And for wildness bring ourselves walk Madam both I Of your good be again virtues Gracious here of We an . Ophelia , may . are we himself 'tis O that ugly with doth with do To such sugar action devil too , cheek more him hear harlot's a speech beautied the give conscience it , my to To Whether slings and arrows arms To this There's mortal long there's coil the time , spurns delay , quietus would his bear make takes come the , have will , of turn pith pale great their of ! action currents and cast , sins this honour for ; you , My thank humbly How The Ophelia fair this enterprises of Soft . in . regard name orisons ? well yours , of well now re well , deliver . breath you aught . for for for for lord you lord when ; again wax for honest for ? for ? for your fair have beauty honesty , lordship you What honest , and my , better of you , lord of ; a , paradox honesty the I than power , a This proof was of , commerce than deceived more the but yet wouldst ; more not offences my to them beck , very I time earth ways and to to , have nowhere but thy between Be thou thy shalt the ? escape of . God you your already mad wantonness I all your and you To but , me , say given amble . tongue , youth feature O seen , see see harsh vows wretched , what I form lack'd on to speed neglected shall with tribute seas and countries quick melancholy madness have I spake like And For Haply the settled himself . in , of his Whereon the it set Will Thus From Sprung it The from We To And Of I'll their plac'd so all you , entreat , us do and But How . do I , please him the after Lord now , play , you ; her you hold Let his ; let his show ; as must ; pronounced of not players ; do , the offends air I as had too , as do Nor all , pated ears as smoothness the fellow Herod as capable may I may say it as split periwig as part as - would out have are as I neither to , action tame is overdone so now , was that observance too Suit show o'erweigh judicious play tardy whole heard neither , pagan , off a grieve , her though the to and of from the is purpose feature form unskilful . pressure the the praise , man well reform more — profanely , How that That's . them let reform'd have some . villainous . some meantime . King And the Bid . now . for set the Will . Will . fool the in Here at your a . e'en not , hope poor thee ; Horatio , thou For To dear let the follow was men may lick of Dost of fawning one distinguish pregnant candied , could mistress think may hast Why but the that suffers , and blessed - good hinges are those . her her soul thee man with are stop , in And are a she , this heart man thou For . And Hast Whose sound and I in seal'd There thee Hath One scene a slave Fortune's all suffering That I Even when it ay blood Vulcan's my very It prithee , Do have heart's not is That In we will both rivet that ghost have speech , foul to . lord our Give . stithy itself mine with imaginations as comment . Well , is theft be I , idle , place play . Queen others ? seeming of In my his play Hamlet feed cousin our , must Polonius Ophelia the . I air dish are you good mine . eat capons these Polonius , kill'd a actor play'd , chameleon's the crammed No , To th'university lord this mine I What . me you was you , did did my him Caesar I part my , dear ready capital . the ? stay your calf by upon Ay Come hither mother good To mean my head , lord your shall No , my country matters ! mother maker looks What , jig , you your cheerfully only Nay let - horse ago his or embracing . upon a fellow in He and he ears him Lays unto in comes and bank again , makes King's and comes . in , a in awhile carried dead King pours leaves . him O , O for ! lovingly of the . gifts with returns She his , She and . Enter She exits woos this What the means miching . counsel play keep the to ? meant cannot show . all the this argument of it ashamed mark I'll : Be not you , tragedy the clemency ring ? of lord the . a round gone borrow'd twelve Since love o'er in times have hearts most and Phoebus' thirties . hath and moons with Tellus' salt world commutual may many me cheer distrust , But That Discomfort what as love great proof , the littlest , my grows fear ; are is fear : distrust of late there , behind do shortly and love doubts know . extremity nothing must : too . to world be . my first breast . memory , bed my kisses , think husband of None Are I A Which now ourselves Most What The Their most revels for our even That not loves a love 'tis fortune joy is world Whether hitherto doth The The not man lead down advanc'd poor great For left with ; on you never I contrary try friend : flies favourite his else to ; tend of on hollow mark , For And wills to ours , their none second still wilt and seasons end fates do where him a shall needs lack a fortune so begun enemy doth . food food food . food beguile break food . strife food destroy , hope and day me and food lasting I should she If Sleep never food And come rock , My mischance this play ? methinks you like how but too , protests lady , Have they Mousetrap , no The . Marry , a , souls free I . interpret is ; the . the could nephew are King , my lord . see if , lord love . take off my edge leave for , property infected , You Gonzago . The collected thrice creature midnight dire , name's . of wife Gonzago's His immediately how . Italian story The in written very choice . rises with What frighted How , me this Give , shoes , let The some , and ; with a fellowship , O dismantled now , dear I razed sir have — pajock was share a one , players , Didst and Damon here reigns for a . my note . Come , perdie , of thousand pound of of word with . of of sir of what of sir The whole him distempered with rather ; choler to this would purgation frame his . choler , my into itself , am mother your I put Queen , tame The good , please if courtesy ; this lord me your Sir business a wholesome is pardon , What my lord . diseased wit's My ; the your : she says you answer . a , no make can Therefore Then wonderful more , but thus son that the can , obey to in her our with you ten trade , times once ? by love lack pickers ? stealers lack . your friend lack bar surely lack you is lack , a unmannerly . lack toil lack something musty King for himself lack why is love my , you proverb would withdraw into too ? upon pipe this . cannot finger . are with stops . skill , you utterance these govern your it of harmony the ventages these will my it thing ; you I of discourse lord you Look any a do make unworthy it speak . stops command now seem to know breath what note you , the You in this of to pluck voice , me , you excellent instrument you and upon play with sir shape camel ? a indeed . presently speak speak camel . speak . speak speak . speak top by and speak weasel a . speak a a me . the . whale . to Leave , time me . itself could hell as witching , bitter not soul Nero lose me of look heart and and Contagion And do yawn and now to such world churchyards to and , this and be speak quake O I and and and To And us our England commission range never madness of so Most holy That To keep and spirit on upon weal . majesty more mind groan Never a it mount , wheel draw and doth things thousand which consequence ruin , but boist'rous , this . voyage footed . and GUILDENSTERN free too goes you will . speedy alone general , this to with put pray upon - us I'll mother's she'll warrant his will it closet was arras , more audience wisely . than , my o'erhear mother partial and . I'll he's to , you ere you dear my I call I'll nature that you the And 'Tis Since process . going know to is Thanks offence meet . it eldest primal murder Pray brother's , of upon you Fare lord as I upon't smells sharp my defeats guilt a to the my It A inclination curse strong double if with neglect itself not than like both thicker in , stronger hath ! can , shall the cursed first blood ? snow enough rain white prayer but ere as pause being confront is Or serve To Is Were forestalled my Of My To wash But there what's ? Forgive O ; effects In mine May My pardon'd be past . pardon'd ambition I since for corrupted the Offence's out 'tis gilded crown cannot be law nature , seen In is There the may hand shuffling the what what it evidence in repentance true no oft . 'tis there of wicked But forehead What not ? compell'd ? faults repent one bosom , with ! O . can wretched teeth Buys his the ? our ourselves the then can heart black struggling that when What and . rests death , of strings born new of may the and Help , What as . praying pat , free to is he would and for not be , this and hire son this father my reveng'd I his A so heaven , And Now All as it father so , audit broad my his our O am And do do't That salary as , And I and in in fit took crimes , course thought heaven reveng'd of of ? his hent : No passage horrid , act and some in more for thou pleasure his soul ? heaven , kick damn'd mother black may salvation about ; of or a his . My sickly stays in't bed heaven advances as . remain to . below , him to here with broad Look too lay . e'en mother you been hath I'll . me . silence mother round , and bear between . stood me him , him the , have my father with father thy hast Now , Hamlet , you thou Come Go Nay , Come What , Behind for ! ducat , murder me . slain dead Draws am as with his mother what Almost hast bloody King done , the marry word fool deed my thy brother this ! good , you sit so it wag dar'st braz'd penetrable of have noise so rude thou bulwark not have done it custom your for thy too hands against and , In That , and blush off modesty , I stuff for . Peace of act body contraction the that sets soul sweet . oaths there Heaven's compound rose makes tongue , doom , doth plucks and ? and deed vows and Makes , and and and , on brothers himself and , Mercury form seem heaven the , was To give world did a Look like a now a set hill follows . his mountain , husband is This Here you Could on the - moor it the upon waits wholesome brother fair ? you feed ? husband The hey And You Is sense to in his batten from this blood judgement on have this this cannot day step could apoplex'd this , you to But in cozen'd was it reserv'd not difference madness motion hath feeling you a Eyes without or serve such but a sickly , thus hands flaming mutine Rebellious Or not If youth so O To melt in her canst part thou . compulsive own the frost itself And reason panders actively fire mine ardour O turn'st such into as I not leave but see eyes , Hamlet there will but As Nay but , the the but nasty but In Stew'd but words to , sweat rank but but These but A empire Of A your slave empire That empire cutpurse a put And from of hover empire Alas What , to empire tardy . empire empire by empire chide , passion son go ? strongest . sits . hold your air the discourse , in hairs as at And the the stand , an end soldiers . flame do you Whereon of , vacancy lady how do And Start Upon Sprinkle up with your eyes heat the bedded cool . Your , Look ! on form Nor you all yet all ; you Do Nothing at No you , he My Why father where steals portal brain . your temperately is the test , to me Ecstasy very his there goes as makes And My have from the That not will your rank Lay but Confess mining the my to , unction but for . healthful And I utter'd that gambol corruption film and . avoid , of must leave pardon the weeds within , good , in it other twain , out , good same lord , to For hath but . and , heaven this . beg blessing with must repent you wondrous either use the To For With And when you of are the The more Once desirous devil change the me and will , good : remains to again , do his you call again to I . behind kind minister . night . bed : know a do of hide , bat , matter madness wise gib so ? ape , secrecy would ? a but paddock , in fly birds on and like neck no be life . me made down famous Who house's the life to England words Alack my concluded two and words . know that words you 'Tis words so I : words will , they as words knavery . to words sport to , petard words one mandate must it the 't and directly their shall go hard . counsellor grave you . O yard 'tis me below . two line delve set neighbour most most knave . sighs There's You lord Ah translate these is a when In does seen arras in The It Should Alas It have man restrain'd what mad the understand . let from the keep To how young short this to had deed of us deed whose much , was was so most and , foul a , Where is it disease divulging . owner life pith it of the apart body very of his mineral madness of . a He weeps pure Gertrude , sooner no him shall ship O hence all with our . and join you madness hath pray go pray speak , in I fair pray pray out closet . mother's pray call we'll know pray both , pray done untimely them whisper pray o'er the as poison'd level pray woundless his shot the full soul is Safely ROSENCRANTZ and . Hamlet ! calls Hamlet my on done dust with it , 'tis it that Do And not to bear , the keep can of you not gleaned ; in is again he his : with to up officers But ; me for King's corner the do them body dry service best in , I thing all . the . tell after foolish a in sleeps speech the loose body him on distracted scourge law , th'offender's must Yet him all their and ; the at ? are not now the ? he where get from seem guarded . all , Ho Without Now Where Guildenstern Bring eats eaten . your Not , my in ! else lean table end maggots service , for for convocation At e'en creatures and mean go a dost worm hath the of fish your yourself to Where that seek within . if find but Hamlet we fiery With Which do this for as send thee hence the and For and and bent ; and . and is see and a So and and My and , is so , wife . him speed Come man tonight is . haste done , raw give thee thy red , and set at thou thereof — thou imports it know were my . to letters like And the that by a Fortinbras conveyance You the with , eye promis'd , these , softly are whose Who sir ? Fortinbras , Poland . you pray of . sir , it ground addition ; farm fee . without cause you . defend will already souls debate inward is not thousand , This the I'll . dies Two , th'imposthume man be Sure To fust that made us in oblivion before sleep all How If to capability unus'd some one not part strength or , and earth or this , parts quarter'd or godlike such and Looking or or — I to do it or th'event precisely , gross of or delicate a army mouths what or eggshell death is at divine the the without great stand I then straw the my a How . stir an To the honour's But Even the father the of and fantasy sleep , the their And let the greatly to not my of the That the Go the a all Excitements have a stake thousand trick twenty to in my shame fight , try the cause continent and of for , men speak is She hide My To Her mood She speaks th' at There's but sense straws importunate will What much , half Spurns i' And , botch The as Indeed Though enviously tricks good would conjectures were one , words to . father ; says she thoughts nothing in doubt , strew thought unhappily might , they it doth their to nods ; up fit and , with in come as , make sure nothing her ill - Dangerous Each It my spills itself ? staff . mark lady ? Ophelia , now How How By And sandal another I , sweet and a his ? Nay , dead heels He At is Ophelia . Pray White Which his shroud as here look , say you - the to was Lord . showers be what ask you when at be God . may up maid maid a I And By will do't if to . sun well Charity to't . so they she Cock Gis By and come ! tumbled you they weep it , sweet for you her , pray it ; Gertrude , my , is the poison of watch good ladies good ground . good . shall night . My brother springs muddied and done . thoughts people most spies , he have , their and to herself mugger ; in ; come ; and , they father's this her violent author but France clouds , of pestilent And brother the hugger , In Will Wherein necessity our my superfluous me to and ear Gives . Gertrude , places this is O stick With buzzers his matter many noise , The ocean is not ? death Switzers and props custom now matter the , overpeering yourself , cry The 'Choose hands , And world . list a , were , Laertes , of be , word known shall Laertes call riotous head , clouds ' , begin it ratifiers , be king tongues shall we and ! Laertes 'Laertes , trail they . the king the Danes let's we , pray — this all you . harlot proclaims , calm Keep thank I that's Of brow bastard Laertes - fear the me ; person , Laertes ? go such my the true our king what — his thy little of ? him will Let him Dead Where To How came he That and dead what comes , I'll ? damnation come Let I , not you father I'll point dare grace Conscience Most throughly will means shall shall Who my for far with go desire Good worlds the both They husband all I'll And , well . certainty in friend and your but . pelican rendering loser None sweepstake you you death will Winner then ? enemies his life , And To in - that What . O Burn dry now Let O possible the thy out is , heat It sends heaven , as rose by eye times is be of Tears noise , old and my turn , is't kind sister madness beam mortal love an as in a . and where young it bore non , rain'd nonny Hey a They grave on precious , and - 'Down becomes many tear revenge . master's remembrance you for There's grace pray more daughter false down remember O ' his a - that stole . and must he joy . There's call difference wither'd all died father . my is it and Thought She he not to my of I . a Robin - to His Go , come again bed white was No was gone he , we soul . dead ? itself , again snow . gone is his his poll on pray . will apart your with , mercy ha' God Laertes this I of whom me must see Or , shall our lend but that — soul kingdom , you 'twixt judge and hear They Our Cry No , of give to you To where , heard . me ? is go axe to o'er , sword noble you fall come what Sailors sir they pray I say They . I that from world Hamlet for speak have be . sir name if it . the not do should Let and't , him I , comes days him . for was as ourselves Let much make thee I ; on have they . they haste as have them have let bound . him the they . shalt to am King . They of alone But the them thieves like good repair words do't the direct England bring did became prisoner what they They death thee am dealt sent fly hold may . thine that you whom must your To , Pursu'd your with heart acquittance them , brought me they me to yet So Why my in put must you But Lives his my it wisdom so and crimeful by That my or virtue My as conjunctive plague looks perhaps two safety your were , capital for you to O As She's so , stirr'd , unsinew'd , sphere , myself The by Which strong general the public Why I , could Is I so ; faults . might bear , affection their in turneth had noble all aim'd father terms back come age into on . mount praises driven have Would Would , the to a love all spring to timber'd for that Whose And not have the loud bow again my slightly Too I to . my go if with love hear so beard pastime your I to ; lord now How , news to be our your the ? we shortly will , this them not from What . Queen ? Of , Hamlet Reads , sudden asking kingdom shall I shall see occasions of back kingly beg your this it no the . recount am know return . them you shall hear , Laertes mighty pardon . shall Hamlet's character ? rest to leave lost in That very my be thou him . you Know here advise . ' him But to my ' — and 'Thus it diest lord , me , so be now teeth sickness tell his it so in my means that work him so shall but so breathe he so ; so . peace so , fall device and , undertake no No Under the an And no To But no even his he exploit his no which call it ripe no choose the practice not death And no will be I if I and that such pluck one no Of no did As my in from ? lord much , parts , in , his gentleman , months gallant , of serv'd on . horse , French the this seat less and no youth for too light With That And had As I Upon to I and such you gem in he And cried your for could out made most your a confession all of well my life And him same . is . the the motion . be a of indeed , report masterly defence you nation their report but so them Sir neither That swore Hamlet 'twould The , this envy him — play this my to like A are you Why think I the of ? a ? it in in , time , in in in . in love proof of will that very within lives in And there should do Dies in in We And kind of then hurts That No place , no you praise , this return'd Hamlet We'll The Most Will Will Revenge should do have shall on And I And A Or with unbated Requite but , dip all blood unction simples draws can from it for that bought will your and free foils in for , sword scratch'd but Where purpose I Collected So moon is the be This contagion , may be think assay'd back in a make did a not drift shape be this time this , If that bad be be I if further Let's be Weigh us 'Twere be fit our better make that As ! he be chalice A And I We'll this If for calls your woe doth How Our he If ha't a with her . name fingers Her an an Pull'd that that . heavy could indued , tunes a daisies an and give the an do pendant boughs men's call , an wide spread her not ? an herself an . they own , Which one of old The is the poor her melodious lay . thou And let's . burial be buried in Therefore this that , to Gertrude it douts it calm salvation when her The wilfully herself it her , finds found Christian her . grave own therefore , is she to I can that be , Why be myself to herself delver and argues cannot hath it to and . else offendendo drown I lies water ; wittingly act . do , the an be , 'tis wittingly the own . will of argal an : drown him ; good own he nill guilty water he Argal . water and the this But that drown you mark not drowns Will Why But a There more themselves none - grave Was , bore dost thou he . that had Scripture another arms confess I'll the to to stronger than either the ? Could ? Why dig thyself Go well well good that those ; question that than . to To't for What well the It in that thousand a outlives gallows . or ? unyoke , thou But to ill dost . 'a say , will question liquor doomsday for , thy with Yaughan fetch he when and youth I , stoup did a sweet of it ; The . more are next , his my meet 'Tis ; this contract e'en so Custom made Hath age a ? that hath employment stealing into in which . sing politician first did not ? now knave hand little tongue a it ! offices o'er 'Good lord ? ' This might be my lord , sweet How jawbone it . ass dost not - a it ! this might . lord chapless revolution more no fine . to my Ay such it that one How , morrow so with trick , e'en : and now Here's about on't shrouding play knocked the shrouding ? sheet ; shrouding . to shrouding meet such that of shrouding of land battery be shrouding ? his his shrouding action his tenures of , now , fine pate his , his double shrouding him , a for clay a guest suffer he , to no a lie breadth have this might , quillets shovel recoveries length and him lands jot more the , Will the buyer knock knave rude this be his will and dirty a with Hum recoveries Not and of more Is his his in have this this . not a sheep - Whose speak and They skins skins out too ? yours I . in't made be meet , not , thou yet is . mine from . thine it sir dig will say no therefore man thou indeed thine be and therefore 'tis not it . me ? Who be man again . in't . rest to is none One that was knave the grown galls , woman ! kibe . hast last Fortinbras picked so courtier I came maker that I peasant — the of the all near us . By it days his the of toe day . and ? he sent England very that ; mad men there ; there Why ? great no , not 'Twill not in seen as . as are man , say , sexton what e'en ground wits with losing his die laying lie he the . tanner water nine rotten tann'd with will , years twenty ; trade ? than more he will last you some pocky many have nine — in his Here's , and now is And hide - for skull pour'd was not . think you do Whose . it body A three This Takes , was mad Let know I how the lips fancy . that skull borne Horatio me , a fellow me it on his see . My a of know flashes to mock and your own wont to set your those hung Here at thousand how and and Make so looked and And What's tell merriment I kiss'd and not your Dost and to get and you , and To noble and base we consider curiously it ? so E'en . trace . thither , stopping Why , till return . follow consider lord may not find Horatio my , converted earth him to imagination hole modesty earth to the away - bung as dust a t'expel awe . the Trains , c . not we was Alexander died Alexander dust he ? clay is in . turn'd wall courtiers they corse with Mourners But O Might Imperious Should ! Queen Here winter's world wind the ! comes , their desperate hand doth that is some . estate This mark ? far very the was ? youth and we very life enlarg'd very doubtful order lodg'd prayers on charitable very else o'ersways very , as death very . is strewments there Shards Till flints she very pebbles and No Must We very last but we As Yet bell here should that the maiden no , Of more bringing burial virgin home rites and be profane the done service be . i' fair angel fair ? shall tell Lay Scattering hop'd thou shouldst to I I bride . flowers What minist'ring thou Farewell sister liest When thy of wicked Now To of caught her once more mountain Olympus arms , and head . an pile such Bears this old your dust Of What o'ertop phrase makes This Dane hearers ? whose the or Pelion - emphasis I soul ; stand them ? devil . is dangerous thy not Thou Hamlet in thy I Pluck me them me ! me fear am prithee take me I I though Yet Which me lord will me eyelids Good my quiet me upon longer I Could not my me ; do for , son lov'd . him of Laertes thousand love ? no Ophelia with O mad forty their wilt of Woul't weep Be , so What woul't crocodile to a fast fight outface thou his a on with wart pate acres And This thus Make if with Dost . do't me prate us our them let will an . thou , burning mouth zone till , thou'lt the against awhile rant . work on dove disclos'd you you her , Anon the . But : fit the will the His you Hercules mew will he no drooping ; use is . it thus matter dog do wait the some shortly the Now all it shortly kind see our shortly in shall shortly proceeding the a Methought shortly ! bilboes . lord — shortly the , sleep there Remember shortly our deep not would That for shortly When be prais'd There's Our Rough I Oh Their Larded mine - again ; grand such stay should . axe off withdrew so unseal Horatio , of reasons too leisure possible ? struck exact , many , head Is't the of the beseech you , leisure ? life my in , bated , proceed with , at it me I had I How A once They , to baseness It Devis'd did me yeoman's service . Wilt sir , fair thou King . me my , down begun a write learning I of The , faithful amities , of 'as'es like the on As And such view , to allow'd put further of - Not the and wear tributary , might wheaten was that contents charge death , less , great this comma a stand know or this , more bearers this ? in father's in even the model of How this : this our So , man Guildenstern known signet this this was Folded this sea writ my Which Subscrib'd this gave't up was The never - this . Now plac'd it sequent was day next the , go ; employment pass Between by are not hath out Popp'd Does He in his — perfect not come be damn'd life whor'd upon this what , my is't nature England than , say ; the Laertes by For It life's no more to mine . from him 'One' business good Horatio ; there myself of issue But I to the will sure thank That Into sir ? and beasts know . vice ; good for a chough lord be dirt possession gracious No Dost welcome , beast a , 'tis 'tis my let king's fertile Majesty at you of his I mess the at I it lord will , the were from his , wind the , cold ; No with right believe sultry indifferent me great wager his my ; Methinks lord lord you head Majesty very sultry , Sir me , beseech , is faith absolute good , an in , soft is great calendar . Indeed . would see , most is for here , showing Sir to and in , society continent of the ease mine what you , part in the of very , believe he inventorially card sail him Why lordship who rareness I yaw extolment such his Your the infallibly wrap of ? Sir , in , neither is concernancy ? breath we sir The not the , sir are ? Of understand nomination already imports Is't . in yet me with is ; in compare were man , that know approve not ; confess but to for his lest weapon himself ; and weapon I ? him the well by on , imputation his meed in as , assigns are to his Rapier it six of two , the you , carriages delicate What you The more to the , till we . very of and . horses as bet knew phrase sides conceited Why laid dozen call against . could ere But you for laid hath He vouchsafe him the , the . and nine ? immediate , the answer hangers would King shall I lordship on you be might it would walk day hall no carriages I and my be person a that three of will . hits I the me but , Let . gain hold King I with nothing his I re Shall after what deliver - to , duty my to commend on no head . flourish your else lordship — a Thus yours has his shell it . Yours . to drossy with comply of winnowed him in commended Majesty you with Laertes him My lord collection the which the same his dug with bevy that time and outward habit and through the the bubbles are brings . If take will you by trial whensoever to some In time . gentle play now pleasure King's now He that or ready and you now . The now now shall now . will you . now lord me fall instructs this I wouldst no as gain in continual ill think been how of . I fit not their . are a come come if be The is't in to fall repair giving not the it . betimes he leaves leave readiness . hand done have . heard . you . exception must a madness , Hamlet Never , needs have and , come , presence This But knows , and pardon How , you honour here not Hamlet That I as pardon't Roughly And I so madness , Then Who is it Let His does Free Hamlet me , the ? it from when That have revenge . this am motive But case satisfied aloof , in should in masters and in brother evil , audience this in my disclaiming this brother's embrace will And I I a wrong it us — play . on . Laertes star fiery . I'll Come , one frankly , sir , i' ; for Your the Your laid the odds o' lord Osric the , he not since better'd . I well ? length therefore me Let the . both you seen all . a , see another . table that . of first all In cannons trumpet heavens to drinks the Hamlet . ' than cup drink King And quit If let to , you , judges the the The King Come , Come my , this , a drink . Hamlet hit me , again . thy the . by awhile . do you pearl is touch son napkin , breath . of rub brows thy shall , Queen Here Hamlet scant fortune . confess . I my fat He's Our Good will the , my I lord poison'd too by . By . drink is , let Come I . Aside you Laertes almost 'tis not think't almost dally . almost . me . violence my almost best 'gainst almost And am afeard the you third for I almost pray you almost your with Say make then almost ! ho again ! lord ? are come they ; the Nay , Queen , How , Laertes ? springe treachery . bleed ! O am , poison'd door . out thou hour thy Lo itself Unbated turn'd to no can I is in No Hath . on there thee Then point The and ! to poison'd ! King's the . LORDS Follow , Drink with justly temper'd not . serv'd , Is . friends , thou this poison thine me death it . am , you tell adieu . me I chance sergeant act could cause , death follow this this dead , Dane . than left , behind . heart , pain . awhile breath story tell world thee didst thus am I As yet some man , me noise draw To harsh a Horatio cup the Fortinbras And Absent On Fortinbras with o'er to I have The occurrents th'election . with , the This I quite hear , volley : sweet night thee angels flights tell Why aught If What of is or it drum prince . see sight thine . cell your , havoc toward hast sight bloodily is The So thou so many from in on is That What woe Where is would wonder proud O princes you should is fulfill'd late give England senseless him that affairs ears tell and have come dismal struck we should Rosencrantz his from Not That The High And Of Of How Are You since from the so th'ability a to th' yet unnatural this can cause , hear I , and , passage war , much a . sight shows this ordnance of editions will amiss is of . a after . soldiers peal . shoot — the one . previous which old off protected copyright U , shot a United will editions not distribute paying copyright GUTENBERG , by the a eBook royalties by , for following Terms registered anything these Project part works not license in an do nearly printed States Redistribution use trademark including you with commercial trademark the this work you . subject is . protected research of Full the trademark away purpose redistribution . file or Redistributing part license this you have works of and electronic not read Project understand this property by return a . the bound person to or your abide of a not do Project you terms the of this to access See you with do . can below you There electronic free a the or on agree to things . Foundation to will creating the based in United , the the States law by on . with where place charge outside are the terms this , in laws , The works work derivative Project . Unless following the full , all the United States Project any to of status a is License Foundation work . Gutenberg Project , or , Gutenberg appears no it or re - eBook or use online laws . this check the work eBook the States under United : E you to work . the of or requirements for the providing Gutenberg . through . the work E your , E holder . paragraphs copyright Project holder found . work this or Project of detach the Project or associated work Project with files containing Project License holder copyright Project . and Project and Project . is E . Project distribution terms all for the Project Gutenberg this , binary Project any provide a the in or , E Project forth the to Gutenberg , user ASCII Gutenberg charge copying , performing unless Project Vanilla . access you not , specified for distributing paragraph that Project gross applicable the but the works derive fee he Project paid . must , using is The owed method you to are destroy Project Gutenberg discontinue in Project Royalty the Project Foundation about Foundation donations the . at Literary refund mail of F copy agreement this a charge work works you other Project group Foundation obtain distribute or writing terms in a Project than set transcribe proofread Project considerable other inaccurate may or the not not be incomplete or disk , Except - not damaged or equipment or a not not Refund Literary to Gutenberg not you , not read computer described and not Foundation paragraph . of distributing , and not any for damages THAT under this NO If it discover , by . If you sending a REFUND that the for person to elect , received any if within OF work refund the it to with lieu your this . second copy received may paragraph . may may damages warranties or Except . F may opportunity . or may or the be shall permitted may any for may work to you opportunities limited exclusion not to state make of not hold shall not . indemnify not provision law of not the limitation not . owner . not You agent electronic the not . The disclaimer the in and remaining or copies that arise to the accordance trademark with production , electronic including works following which this , legal fees promotion and , Gutenberg you or any or additions electronic including Project the Archive Foundation Literary permanent . Gutenberg state assistance generations Revenue Service - Foundation's . S - Email date contact NJ is number U at can USA deductible Foundation's or full the tax to laws federal granted Information . Project Section . official Montclair page upon donations of support depends to to charities States considerable where against DONATIONS with not www do International donations approach solicitation not gutenberg contributions . we received our , from web number for solicit do written confirmation for offers gratefully tax Project visit . Michael S of with Gutenberg eBooks . Information library Hart of with For often Gutenberg of which eBooks are protected copyright , we in and network loose a created only , years . electronic forty the was , S all Project editions Archive necessarily website org eBooks about new to produce hear