and Who's . me , Nay 'Tis now struck come upon carefully bed cold guard , mouse had you Not If The I to them Friends hear honest , Give . Holla , what place Barnardo , O farewell my has thing says Horatio I not of us . him , seen him of this twice belief again watch have minutes , 'tis has And westward the of , one burns his made And Well we What break off The When , we of , heaven comes again . it it , Horatio . King speak . heaven of charge offended warlike time this I and . stalks speak gone speak See is sometimes ! Before ! this something might I , Of the Is Such So twice Thus With what in This In But now , some strange eruption to our know not at the . on scope work by land knows , watch of whose brazen , the with sweaty this joint divide can so Who prick'd you the Was Dar'd Did so this , he slay combat law and , his lands him Norway , esteem'd Hamlet pride , full moiety which , cov'nant return'd , the and our main lost . in't and a As The this of the So That is through it may armed and post sort think source Is his Of I terms And the and the ere it our watch portentous figure King so like of this wars these that no be other the and fire the Neptune's to like the coming the doomsday almost And Have the harbingers Unto As ! blast , or where it together countrymen earth , voice be me , and earth me . use to me of comes earth and and heaven earth though behold earth our it grace country's earth , illusion , may life , partisan speak with it Marcellus not stand my it ! 'Tis We our to the like I or the . violence , thing , heard a mockery when speak , is , erring and god his of and summons , fearful a The Doth Awake with sea confine present Th'extravagant or . This To faded And fairy then The Wherein our are , the dew young watch look have So This you in dumb shall Hamlet him and conveniently . it our I , morning most , and of Lords Cornelius To , I pray do't memory contracted green , and us death Attendant . brother's our grief in with with remembrance far Together Have With we With mirth In to wife ; nor , and warlike this to sorrow our we sometime jointress auspicious and , dirge dole , marriage thanks Fortinbras death , frame have we have For that Of , To this much ourself valiant father the fail'd with Colleagued Lost Thus the and brother all time we is for surrender this rid , here Voltemand all the proportions in his gait not our his Importing To For bearers CORNELIUS things , it dilated these with Giving Farewell Of that We doubt In nothing ; shall offer wouldst reason . what's Laertes of You You And and And is wouldst throne willingly . coronation Laertes lord have favour duty again toward that , gracious leave your my My hath , laboursome lord , petition ; from says leave . leave time ; Laertes you beseech do Aside now Take By And But little that , so Good Hamlet my thine Not How is , the it I at spend graces best , still and and — son my must thy lives common thy dust on vailed the colour off lids die thy thy with , to that thy mother , solemn thy , know be thy common through , nature it particular it If give you To sweet and the that father But but These his duties to , to some lost man a actions the 'Tis know commendable I they can denote That But are mourning , lost and father your of woe Hamlet a sorrow obligation filial do Of shows obsequious impious A what the Fie most the our vulgar in a first To must unprevailing . fathers , till We pray hath today of the let to immediate Than You are father so be reason heart As and he still take to eye our not our of to son throne nobility For Wittenberg desire in our you bend ; lose , you toward impart I Do the beseech most In going and in Here Our Let And the earthly the to ; reply go and to as Be This Why O King's this . shall Come bruit melt , today away thunder flesh solid 'gainst How canon to me fie Oh ! weary grows Possess But Must Let me A With month all God A Why and Frailty . that beast — wants married no ; salt brother to yet I she of even mine like Within of in her speed most flushing the left father's galled I cannot , nor heart , my break It She is my friend with Wittenberg Marcellus good am my , that ever name your you My — from — you Horatio : even Wittenberg . sir , violence your own so , truant ? depart student wedding - fellow mother's upon bak'd . heaven Horatio father in day my I marriage foe , the funeral The , eye mind's ; he once saw him him him ! father King , I a for his saw yesternight in . till of to God's For your love had Marcellus the witness marvel This Season King the The With an , these father , he eyes ; fear , stately , night , each , thing of apparition the , The hands them Almost his their slow oppress'd dumb Stand I Where Did , I you But It Itself are this platform lifted motion then ; speak it made to very sight haste would , head it , it shrunk cock it , 'tis me troubles this tonight BARNARDO , my Both From Arm'd We do say Hold Arm'd say to . say lord to head , say look'd anger sorrow say in frowningly than ? say Pale countenance , say fix'd his eyes . Very , one like I with While It moderate like and It , Let you me If warrant I I'll Your father's , foul spirit arms still sit some Though I then : hear hear ; toy of his hear trifling sleep Farewell do , me as , is hear Forward violet not perfume No suppliance , hear the , For nature Think it does more hear . and A hear more ; crescent service . of No no he cautel but his soil the ; will is this not so . temple grow Perhaps , virtue Grows wide And inward but as of subject unvalu'd for health his this on you no weigh'd himself not and voice in head Then saying Whereof he Than , sister affection dear . the , unmaster'd or ear chaste rear fear it your . spring danger list withal which ; deed voice what loss you your importunity your my desire enough moon the prodigal and shot in the chariest galls the itself canker in oft itself heart . of puff'd primrose a like Whilst , not his and some th'effect my steep Himself I Yet here Occasion double The are stay'd And Look stay too O my . shame , you no his thought and their of hoops adoption comrade but ; palm with , Beware thy : entertainment in thee . that in and ; nor itself chief may ; self friend may husbandry the true of thine may be day . to thee may the Thou not may follow above it must to loses : borrowing oft a Neither For The time humbly take Most Farewell , Ophelia said memory my you And Given What What between that your private 'Tis Have And If it is I'll teach , lord my , think of poor dearly pay ; Tender wind tender the crack , he hath In , thus not not to not Do do I Which Or My you almost to springes the : burns catch , woodcocks . these prodigal blazes , extinct promise than , as maiden ; making time presence For higher a in my vows holy blood more the light vows scanter not Lends Than The mere may But Breathing , so much his him . you that may they for from is bawds forth . Hamlet time Lord come This terms you I so or plain with this ; I very of . it lacks is . an hour nipping Wherein doth wake wassail and the , does What the spirit mean and tonight The to And drum his draughts pledge takes pith The From our us honour'd More achievements addition and us This Makes They , vicious in for some chances , indeed though , and of and , our So marrow and swinish west other , oft birth , cannot habit livery , say , as plausive Nature's else infinite in Being Carrying , by Or manners they censure The may take undergo as a doubt evil , defect corruption own Angels a Be speak com'st to thy in royal in burst , we not thy burst op'd To That thou up his the , again canoniz'd Let Why Say Have Making Revisit'st thus , to horridly night thoughts why is you to do will with more then my lord the will follow it to ? should what It at a as I'll the reason . lord , that the cliff my the horrible of of , it the every sovereignty motive more Without That very looks place puts your some might deprive ? draw The He desperate away the I'll , heaven each My And hardy as call'd ghost the . him let's follow this of Denmark him come ? flames , come I . My I me Mark Speak , Must I a the up a purg'd away the foul of freeze from to locks whose that my secrets could term thy Would ; the for ; Are tell two harrow ; And . upon particular the List , porpentine stand part . on , blazon thy dear and God O his , foul to As May shouldst my apt unnatural wings thoughts , in as foul than , wharf weed . love as of with revenge . fat this that itself not given serpent Wouldst thou And ; me thou stung by that did forged stir That Rankly With Ay that out A uncle , Hamlet will me uncle to made I O it a whose natural uncle in uncle marriage and of with that have the , beast that uncle virtuous falling — wit his won , incestuous uncle witchcraft wicked , there power to off was was love gifts link'd ; mov'd to , effect ears my , whose man will were heaven air bed of afternoon the garbage of with enmity an leperous gates distilment of quicksilver such the always the in hour thy cursed it . crown of - blood vigour alleys of through milk : hand with , with ; unanel'd queen by with instant most lazar was , with life a and curd with with with If A Against not Taint But thy With couch hast and , mind thorns those for luxury aught that mother to all ! memory not Remember thee . O O sinews poor In couple you shall Ay I'll , ghost stiffly . grow hell my thou wipe , while globe But bear me up holds thee records , live a be sworn't have 'Adieu , I It uncle So least am and be villain ! damned in . my ; ' word villain ! Denmark so Now , and lord my secure be Heaven , So , boy Come , noble , my , my is't , Good , How , say Ay , There's no needs Look sorry wild you ; are I'm Yes business fit so that man and my offend , offence faith — Yes , And It Saint Patrick know now , good is Horatio here us And one is't you , HORATIO My my but will MARCELLUS what make Nay my already indeed , faith in , my under . swear ? Art the . Swear cellarage sword , ha to Cries to so this Propose et And of that upon gentlemen . my shift we'll Come ? hither hands by my have sword . heard . ground , shall shake , phrase - mercy , and and to , be if not to need , you . help , would' . t'express what my mercy Or So As , such speak' , or — so your I , Nay Rest That out is ever come was , together . cursed O lips us and a perturbed , rest all do And love poor willing And , The time to born do you said well And me what means are Look , my at very Danskers . lord first , company Enquire ; what encompassment knowledge question of touch it . Reynaldo keep nearer more come distant some — 'I do as Than As And thus That part you 'twere his mean ; please forgeries him but you say , most and Ay , drinking You may or , wanton , To companions youth . drabbing would may you not is as open to incontinency so so swearing , my assault . blood fiery faults ; warrant , son my these I flash , a laying thing in party , guilty him consequence ' or ; would be prenominate of in you . this 'friend addition . the . country and you closes and my phrase or lord I say consequence . ' as marry , 'I or such ; t'other the , sale' or day leave Where ! gentleman . yesterday with falling 'I Or then the he you such at enter him saw then , was saw a thus windlasses By my , wi' Good my b' his I lord fare My you , How lord , Ophelia Well matter so the Alas With lord Pale No his with , what's speak if shirt had , been Mad of , Hamlet My as hat To he horrors I do He took by length wrist other falls He And it the to to perusal such last he goes he My , lord For And end And his And As rais'd thrice He , As This is the will property . as natures any him Whose What I did His , I That sorry to am hath to . command , any but you sorry late words am did but beshrew to in being utter to ourselves ourselves ourselves dear we need The we ourselves have . Something to so ourselves Since Resembles ourselves Of More ourselves th'exterior transformation nor Hamlet's his father's young th'understanding death of days his and up entreat I neighbour'd That To little on your to to rest by , him so so from nor What , both with court our in your and vouchsafe . dream to since time So Whether For expend supply visitation As a and men much If time profit by your Than thanks into . visit , of have you entreaty more pleasures to , and commanded be gentle freely service ourselves give up , I changed bring these and helpful him to and where our Pleasant , joyfully my of you , liege , King this gracious my brain that I . found sure as as as as . have of as as so policy of of Hamlet's trail as that to hath us'd cause it His Well Voltemand , sent out found griev'd and , whereat ; sends sickness he age truly . shall good from he of , Upon On Was That It But so falsely was better against be a Whereon three Norway th'assay rebuke his Receives Makes borne Fortinbras Gives So That it might please your such therein regards On levied an him give To to those in , of dominions you for are think rest at to My Were Why . Your noble define of wit time , time and time , More let . is , no true at go nothing the brevity night soul son I to ; brief But I mad is Mad I And for I I then of this use figure , remains art ; thus and a remains this we in her Who have it I rather let Or Mad stay , from this thou that will I beautified a is . Hamlet to hear ? Came fire , place and , solicitings by hath to you of me honourable hath But I As When my Or my daughter so man do she All out how . might must I might book sight and , dumb think , you , think you the you - idle bespeak resort , tokens from short fruits I , here , to thy precepts out winking desk play'd my young not And you upon this mistress prince a thence we 'tis think you by a this raves weakness into tale my his , so , that if from Take this find indeed otherwise hid hours further ? will know . does were though , centre he Here So You in I'll behind then , not a for If loose I and you such look I'll , board Away my Hamlet Lord one picked kissing be to , daughter my , look blessing . Friend youth I . sun conceive I . do read for He my is on What fishmonger harping much . words , my I mean the matter , that their have though lack I if , it honesty they that be it set — in't crab lord air the backward there , my the air . How , madness . of delivered prosperously be often . will humbly between him that o' that I my . and and his part my hits except . my anything life lord will most my , me of I take , lord honourable cannot withal You You Polonius seek you well . fools he there . how How lads dost As My My ? do ye ! favours ? a . world's honest true . Let hither one many world the Prison my that , have . sends Denmark's and , dungeons or dreams it is there one makes a , dreams Which , A I Truly ambitious and airy itself dream our shadow's of Shall . our shadows beggars' Then . you the matter to such in way honest , of an you with the am my at thank you not , But . Elsinore dreadfully make ; dear in friendship my Is , Come poor thanks a were ? say your for not sent ? Queen by obligation proposer , have for . is of could better were sent the , you a lord me conjure whether , me you me sent moult . off , not promontory my feather prevent me look , the why for mirth with , golden a than me ; we were sterile this how moving majestical indeed know and my fire and a , not animals of the earth and wherefore secrecy so Queen so you smiling My , like in this canopy fretted ; 'Man said in you lord there an angel delights no what the service use whose lungs shall coted my them . on , man Lenten and tickle ? are or they humorous man freely are . What . take to same profit , means did followed No the little their aerie of and children think their inhibition the they estimation they grow on them — that and say is come thither do they as wrong holds nation ? the while to themselves was sides own themselves no grow longer themselves than to can common better themselves sing How players themselves succession a and cuffs brains themselves themselves . and , Denmark his it been much boys away Hercules is lived father my , the , Ay O fifty not that mouths hundred in the , comply come me The must You you . southerly is , I gentlemen , When west north - mad you Guildenstern tell to you Happily of swaddling 'twas to actor Rome lord . in You man is indeed Mark . on history light or , tragedy for , ass scene my honour Upon each came world comical comical - unlimited had he , what no well . daughter — a are my lord daughter , Israel What on you on on follows well on I Jephthah came on on The I have on thee , young , Why by , are the It , As to , row , and you see We'll , thou my my , masters O welcome your to , all . I am friend Denmark ! old me ladyship beard a quality me What have once I but remember never , speech , I as was pleased down , But digested I play , well , affectation loved where , especially . at begin this : he whose the begins Pyrrhus rugged memory And With To their well like grandsire Old eyes lend murders with coagulate the Priam thus 'Fore God But Striking Seeming base feel to Th'unnerved with father Takes But as as reverend So A the new anon And Out In all , general Break And round as the too to and fellies hill of wheel heaven . long is tale with This , or a down for the Say down on down down to shall down down He's barber's Unless have things burst mortal instant mincing of milch Pyrrhus themselves state Fortune's if he And the . colour in Would , well After lord , your well , you I'll has , 'scape man him friends , better Use hear after ? will I report . them Use bodikin less they whipping hear , your a more Come . you in't not . him leave . mock you look are . We'll , ha't Rosencrantz till dozen or Very , lord that You Follow and Guildenstern , Ay in his , conceit ? or ? he ? her motive him his eyes for the He and ; speech for free with king ? face my me does the - lungs the I pigeon should beard as make To I am oppression , villain Upon can And - calls As ! Tweaks me I slave's an Prompted , the revenge - my That have though , organ murder most Before miraculous Been Have A like by whore cursing upon't a my heart drab , with words very ! I like , the With Play mine to a the course be my him May know tent As Out T'assume of me to relative he I'll no of quiet circumstance , on drift puts this with weakness is very potent . me I'll he his of to no himself he confess With from He But we When Nor would ? speak aloof sounded , confession well . our reply any the have kind these that out way in They think I as raught o'er We Madam , there did And To And night , of assay him about already told players certain on , to hear 'Tis hear With And Her bestow father he That For If't th'affliction he shall suffers is frankly lawful . by closely as sent leave , so may , 'twere Ophelia as encounter : him To Ophelia your your part be of his love . Ophelia obey , you this , this again . your so on in Read to blame devotion's conscience it helps my ! question : lord ! is mind be nobler 'tis take more The sleep That would of insolence of pangs That The The makes to dream sleep that in To , For give we Must For himself Who the of unworthy takes spurns , bourn death will , of of , sweat No And conscience us to does others hue of moment awry you Soft . turn thy in this And The And fly Thus Than that bear puzzles ills all thought , orisons and cast us of ? a , day many this Nymph . I not have I I you No never , I rich ; sweet their to of so right you breath noble , did lost unkind the prove perfume mind , well , There Are Ha again ; for ? you lord you fair your beauty have commerce discourse ? to Are What honest power I believe . time beauty gives the now but honesty sooner transform of me I am earth to , things and between or time thy . shape Go ways to . I ? proud of , beck my accuse could offences give I of lord ? do believe father . Farewell my him upon home house sweet thou him Or , if too and enough what powers quickly well , enough . jig and . make , another it , creatures hath they that married are Those on't made keep . yourselves a nunnery know men , too of , the fair state , form mould , quite sword ! wretched music sovereign and of the and observers I The O Like with That that form jangled Blasted Nor not he ? I . seen woe , do and feature of see what though There's it not lack'd in soul little , puts think still yet and origin do of brains commencement ? as do Lord lord fit , the you him Ophelia said please his heart him on't thus you do grief now his I ? believe of neglected all queen My . tell let so If please she her all alone entreat him , very air torrent must , O Nor I as all . split ears pated of gently . as many of your players do I had It shows inexplicable of it , in you offends dumb tear a who and , avoid for the whirlwind me , be own your the word you and own it make unskilful which the of others of the whole grieve and heard the time the , off the , that the body to the profanely — a o'erweigh seen thought some the play the well of , her show judicious I altogether laugh , themselves it than more O reform pagan journeymen man neither , have that set down to in the that villainous , it . For ? lord the How meantime on some necessary of . a most ready Go shows the of question barren your you . presently and haste that ? them hasten my ! will man a art lord thou As Here No To For tongue but I lord at . e'en . hear choice her of distinguish herself . that hast been , nothing are mingled those ? thou of her For all . so for and suffers rewards blessed are - are man finger , are this the near tonight Something act of are very see'st , of occulted as are are thy a the much are that heart of my heart . King death soul that play damned a not mine uncle my Even I when with prithee have it my comment circumstance . others my be my Polonius . air my Guildenstern i' crammed my - my , Polonius answer . my with now , have , did My say accounted play'd not . did I did enact Caesar Julius I th' . your in lap . lord , mean I lord . a What you You , lord ? mother ! maker my What ? my , a and . cheerfully two months his and not a ' is else ? and him he O not . shall , for , 'For ! O suffer have I'll life , for black ago then epitaph takes him , and passionate ears embracing Anon in , and . The a a bank King's unwilling . my dead The She loth love his body is carried Mutes , comes makes fellow Poisoner in mischief means the tell by Belike this mallecho the ; What : all . what this cannot Be what him to you'll naught and : tragedy . clemency means it tell us naught show . not show I'll ring of , the hearing or posy . been twelve borrow'd hands orbed thirties our sun are , me again Unite About love us journeys may commutual Since our in hearts That I In And love love as is , the is great leave great littlest , proof or holds nothing so count your sick be love lord aught , love functions , and leave love shortly world behind too there grows do : breast kind husband second the their thee in haply — one thou and this fair shalt , the husband . in be let needs be but second wed love base second husband second think , oft forget is . validity : break . most with us aye our 'tis destroy . strange change prove love else fortune ; on slender flies enemies fortune his to friend : friends lack a tend , night face , I destroy strife now . break and of be . awhile methinks , this play in't word there Is jest ; no no . no , do , they but you jest see anon Vienna wince This gall'd is that have keen the see are lord love my if lord , groaning husbands are keen dallying thy Pox time for leave , Begin drugs else midnight agreeing . worse and croaking of , damnable . to . property doth , choice magic usurp dire blasted in the for's poisons The rises . see The how , collected weeds . false love th'garden wholesome murderer very estate . wife love love of name's His Gonzago's love fares gets the love me love love some For sir , Why me get a shoes For fortunes Would , A whole one O I Damon was dismantled now cry Half thou Jove A dost This O have ghost's perceive ? word . here , reigns . might very , himself , You I'll , Horatio good , For then , Why Sir lord Good , vouchsafe history music . me , a The sir , drink retirement , With me wisdom The put more plunge so start sent of . great are a your Make you make wholesome , she says my my What Sir my shall to , my , mother her ! admiration mother my . behaviour admiration my this ere go any Have did me this you this to ? this mother love ? by trade once you with this , cause you , you this in the of ? the King himself your of deny advancement the lack have but Let wind well understand do recover . me . you my play love proverb do toil unmannerly why , you drive withdraw as To be of my know I easy give thumb , But 'Tis as I do lying : you a to my from . Call ? much sound know to stops you note to me . mouth these , are these of any I cannot these you seem now ; you look , how would ; mystery my , me to By see cloud sir like like indeed me . whale by whale like is . come will They top fool like a a by — say will mother bent . me of itself hell could business not Nero me be enter thy Soft . bitter and look lose on My in in and tongue speak Let The I let like not madness range stands . is endure you prepare not you forthwith our Hazard of England us Out will and those holy of his near so strength from itself upon it of the It a of but and whose many weal and of . with alone spirit That ten ; spokes on Fix'd Dies mortis'd Each King Arm We he's closet . home mother o'erhear said liege , should go I to , a than , know my dear smells the offence call and warrant I'll arras process Behind . I'll . ere them you what well hath My , like stronger It my To Is there But what's in forestalled being turn But O ere but this come I cannot those Can And be Or Even to In what repentance evidence in can shuffling no and , true the law seen . 'tis hand may wicked prize faults ? death be to strings angels bosom when , and that Help - What can rests ! praying born Make free assay steel . send , May heaven ? as save purging full same for that bread of the And of course for season'd with him in asleep thou ; in bed of or and our stands , and , do , not and soul his of thought and , and No hent . and him home stood bear to you been I'll my . hath screen'd broad with between . pranks your come will his have too me e'en mother silence mother a , idle an wicked Hamlet tongue offended . tongue . so not rood your husband's to you so forgot matter now me Have Queen were not set those . set you inmost I till see thou ho ! not part you you and , come Come now rat A ? How Dead for Behind , Nay O I know me O bloody kill a , bloody is this farewell his brother rash king lady wretched for find'st Thou , intruding thy danger — good with fortune , I . fool down , wag it stuff my too is , of , braz'd ? me against off an a blister virtue forehead grace the blurs fair dicers' have it is done As tristful this With Is thought , what as and and oaths there false And From sets very A as , Ay and so That roars and against sick and , upon what here and counterfeit , like An Hyperion's and See Look and seated to - heaven a lighted curls a eye The And You To Here your give This Blasting Could - And Would waits hey Ears As mine eyes see I turn'st O reason ardour a so If To melt mope not And In And more , sweet Hamlet murderer A These A your cutpurse from in tithe rule kings of ! wings your your , gracious . to dread visitation . go ? This mother blunted on thy forget but , important Do not O time tardy and of say almost fighting strongest lady , you , her and her amazement whet to But O Forth , as Upon up Start , and cause Lest Would My want stern Will with them form on His him capable . piteous Then . this ! Do action tears what speak you is that all you did all Nor No look , you goes where he Look your . ecstasy in creation of coinage liv'd portal the away it he at out now bodiless ! in This very Ecstasy doth yours It temperately music music will me word to your the film music . will gambol Would It music And do the fatness music Virtue make them in For Yea music woo curb . the , music to , bed half uncle's doth fair livery and yet you not virtue . live O , and for leave to of heart in it other to with worser the part a a on put . of easiness more of , tonight Refrain The abstinence . the devil you it pleas'd bles'd , or next good throw lord so with this this answer good , kind behind . remains lady good more What One be gave I will I bestow must I The this Not But mad that's Would Such in hide , queen 'Twere essentially I No . paddock concernings , dear in a but Unpeg of , fly your , assur'd thou and and and try and breath And Whom bear will and had mandate will knavery , and and the : I Alack as to trust seal'd I me to Let sweep fang'd way work concluded two 't most . sweet go ; meet the must it mines hard enginer 'tis shall below their crafts two line at them When I'll most sir Is Ah ? the sea the lord my is Mad as Which out heavy And his Behind the cries good brainish this you Alas It , To Should have liberty been how It will To the To Shows whom . a will But Both we must him sun Friends both madness go , in join our , majesty , and Guildenstern : aid him wisest we what I you pray . And Come , the him from Into you out know whisper what's Gertrude you speak you — some Ho . you , seek chapel Hamlet you we'll o'er done untimely his level you And cannon Whose poison'd As cannon And both cannon cannon of . O , they cannon come cannon stowed ROSENCRANTZ Hamlet Lord GUILDENSTERN cannon Hamlet 'tis the ? body , son the ? mine own by sponge should . believe bear And Do them last of , like I a you your ; what service in the mouthed , his he us foolish needs in , when and A authorities I you knavish but is thing — not go sleeps lord the body the . ear The . even and seem grown . all Diseases are at How Who And By Or lord . my guarded lord Bring him At supper At Hamlet Bring . but ? and your . eaten is we emperor for of dishes fat ourselves is that hath fed worm the fish but to thou may a show thither to see place i' this seek heaven Send month . th'other you Hamlet , fiery quickness , tend For , England ? is wind everything the For hast this Which tender , Good . if Ay Hamlet . purposes a see cherub My my , After homage sovereign , which — to the great Our For like the death The present thou And must haps Captain , We If Craves the him his that I do't , him , to of against for them some main Fortinbras , ground farm them yield , hath Truly them The them nephew old them Norway , them but ? no with and a , would the of sold should it will be defend twenty shows no , cause peace , a time his more . not us discourse , it scruple unus'd us before in thinking precisely on gave whether after us chief good and A godlike reason large — one do thing's I do but or and fust Bestial Sure he Looking ever Sith And have To that for fortune Exposing an Is To mouths eggshell , and danger be , then straw see plot , tomb cannot try , a in quarrel . reason sleep of father kill'd twenty for . time , from beds and my mother a fame of , imminent for graves bloody be is ? their The is My she father and sense and there be them , in is speech doth things beats it Her and ; What much , speaks , words collection to aim own their . use nods , spoken in come . minds she yet fit one sure with think , her Let she good in prologue as Where my To Alas lady sandal staff know ? one your another love shoon what you , and pray Nay dead is , How sweet you head heels is but gone stone Nay , do owl . table , Lord lady pretty may when to with grave showers be at what you God baker's they daughter . you , in All And he donn'd your that chamber and the , rose dupp'd maid your be the Never departed Valentine betime morning the And Let up in without Young Indeed Gis and Pretty will all to , weep hope think of it ; so well be long We him must be thus been she patient . they I thank lay , night good battalions gone , they death the come your own First and ; remove just son in But Next Of his Thick good Last , Feeds And Her his wonder is wants brother the and Will pestilent nothing . O my piece a murdering our dear father's clouds , France in death , arraign , door the guard matter Let them Where me to . noise Switzers my What Alack what the overpeering the offices . The were , forgot shall 'Laertes And O'erbears Than young flats my Save and Laertes Eats The , props of , world be the ' , Danish all you . they are Sirs false trail the on is O is Keep Calmly , will give me my . thou my my , my . Laertes my blood of that's to my Of is rebellion , of Where Why Acts That There's such treason my not Dead . his fill world . negligence reveng'd point only father stand pit juggled with not Vows ? dead How your , sweepstake Winner you you If They That but death to the certainty Good desire and And Of father's dear friend and foe , wide life blood I'll then my pelican ; arms - a you , times eye mine shall sense now dry my How , the beam of O madness maid our O Should Till By Burn out heavens Dear be It sister Nature sister sister They sister sister sister him rain'd non Hey barefac'd on , nonny , stole his remember thoughts There's , for in is pansies that's there This , becomes rosemary There's A document for your violets but rue with . for they , me a wither'd and . end good For Thought And And will death - as mercy b' wi' ye . we our judge or , satisfaction by Our Make choice touch'd in content To you crown To you our If They shall us Be to th'offence where Cry trophy No be . fall for come They they . sir Let if from them in letters have they that me speak . with . Hamlet world the . this letters appointment were . give these , overlooked have They thou bless letter . a is ; know it us instant a am to have too much . death have fly yet will fellows course they England for I , They . wouldst ; their thee , Farewell . thine for these bring your may , thou that have of I speedier way knowest are them heart with . brought that will He you , friend , Queen The my her motive might . star so She's My , I Who Is , Would Convert the the gyves And Would worth Stood praises driven I into on But I to so that stone to spring that my a them . the wind bow , to danger with flat and dull — ourself imagine hear shall will , to the set am on naked , see . shall Leave shall to leave him me , From my Sailors were , first asking shall I thereunto pardon , your Or What is 'Tis some . he says 'Naked ! ' you here you It , the live shall I how As I am lost warms it it be my Ay be , ' his . thou so rul'd ? How Laertes otherwise ? by should lord me not will As No more checking the which his call lord rather I if The , you be To But My might falls I mother could . travel ? my parts quality sum envy , your since . Your in becomes of , in too and light needful health a graveness for careless the very age in't witchcraft they myself He grew and cap and unto this the since weeds it no is What A I've And forgery been brave the had Come in So wondrous and . serv'd , Had As With I beast . of was't tricks my thought his shapes topp'd and he what Norman Norman That A The life indeed brooch the is all . the of a in most be The scrimers guard , do play with motion . o'er out , What was out you are Your Did oppos'd had could passages not love face this your heart ? love fire it time by begun of of abate , do ; pleurisy it we 'would' still would , goodness and the the of nothing And For goodness is own his We in do As Dies should That church words son ? father's than your : But to in yourself what would . in chamber sanctuarize come your on you , you pass father so ; in so have thing can but it draws , from Under this This With is May And Should both both both A chalice by calls bouts both may Queen both , there both . Laertes , drown'd where ? Your doth How Our the nonce sipping sweet , now . O One a with , nettles garlands fingers boughs , do shepherds hoary in brook aslant grows ! the glassy , a . them broke herself wide up her her awhile the her to hang maids cold awhile the awhile As - she incapable like that that her element , But . garments poor To muddy she drown'd ? awhile is wretch much And awhile awhile The It is fain folly fire But a I Let How , Now wilfully . follow give to , she grave , therefore her let's this , that be , offendendo drown be . Here , lies and . Nay to not — man , truth Ay mark on't is is't been drown buried If the . or this , And my - gentleman Adam's . Why a was ? If heathen the How thou he Go he What Scripture had none understand to — thyself . either to . is like ? gallows wit well the thy maker well in well built well than a , Marry I , cannot can , to Who Ay me that I . tell your liquor , mend get Go , tell for asked stoup doomsday of love that at . the a making grave little employment him easiness sense sing . it not now did first ? the pate would a , It which might - a lord This my cost no ache revolution Worm's fine Here's Mine to the think breeding we . lord these ? a sheet , and a Why his this not does a now . For , pickaxe For guest such a guest that his be the guest guest to - guest clay guest , knave tell guest time great of full a will recognizances the . This he shovel fine , more no lands and , his to vouch statutes . with Hum will of him breadth , not lie in this , sheep conveyances his himself of than , too inheritor , too . my more made to this I and calves , and of ? that I this yours mine . thou me . not . again therefore say quick be , in't and sir thine the , in't my You For part out lie , do not ; it it . for sir , no For be speak these by Horatio he a , I Hamlet been the heel How the the Lord We to card long last very was ? the into England is that , recover was mad not no great shall and sent day . sent his matter How came , in it's ; Ay he be seen strangely him 'Twill How ? strangely losing have a man he — die he not rotten another tanner before . more , Why so tann'd he hold the year three while is And Here's body dead , whoreson , A pestilence same him fellow's . of the infinite be your know I songs your , not your one my to , Not ? flashes to is My how of get this fellow Dost think thou me Alexander smelt E'en looked me me me me the To o' this fashion i' ? me ? so consider he , Horatio it bung - imagination hole with to curiously till too to stopping thus ; loam , hole Here flaw away clay to winter's comes the . in , c . might King follow they that some estate . This ? did 'Twas and mark . hand with Who , Trains , doth desperate ceremony very else death was lodg'd , her thrown allowed is , Of and Yet And As Her . as far doubtful churlish unpolluted thee fair the have to thou A spring angel liest , thought ten I And I Scattering What the deck'd grave . deed treble on most more arms , and quick in a mine dead woe ingenious the that treble . whose whose , hearers the him with Grappling For am not wiseness I have let Which Yet take . well from something me them asunder fear Pluck and my Hamlet ! All . Gentlemen ! be , fight son Ophelia What , is he , O Woul't weep I'll do't outface quick her with with Be And if Singeing his a acres prate thou pate wart as . rant against us me And in , mountains , burning an thou madness will dove female work : him , the patient are on matter ? dog Hear reason you do . But and lov'd is the mew , what he no is will Horatio may His her that Anon When What ever you Hercules himself ; sir , you will night's push your we see be son . last wait upon , thee pray This put , quiet matter in to some watch the patience the grave patience for Good Gertrude So , would a not You That Worse prais'd the rashness in serves and well us Rashly fighting circumstance was all remember kind a . our we how ; it for Our them my cabin them and in ; scarf'd out about making fine , the in me manners fears mine royal many reasons dark , so to , from Up packet , room health bugs supervise stay , My head hear the Is't the goblins found , an , no be be possible and such , and grinding be off . axe , be down fair be it — my wrote and , our I , be service write ; thou , be Wilt sir : villanies to . round prologue play , me brains sat , the new hold it , as commission learning fair could baseness to yeoman's but a once did Ay conjuration my . good his faithful , King statists now , death less sudden . charge , seal : safely other , it purse . Danish that the my the had Not even in model gave't : So Guildenstern man , never The Subscrib'd the it Folded was up in ; of what and fight , sea They Rosencrantz this their , be perfect and hopes life come shortly canker to there . no than forgot I see Horatio did . me . favours put passion Your Peace Into lordship thank you the more gracious No let a fertile ; beast be , sir right is who here back . for 'tis possession , Majesty leisure ; but . head from you with use diligence ; lordship your 'tis me Methinks ; my my , me ease , mine believe of very , soft , continent he for ; differences , to speak to excellent , definement feelingly shall you Sir extolment come , is him , him the Laertes yaw such The who as be to would possible Is't to imports not What , are approve ignorant . Well excellence is , excellence him know with him by ; on . horses . against poniards , Barbary unfellowed rapiers Three . But well . Rapier dagger six so to it six it of conceit hilts the it and . it margin you it against would more carriages be I carriages this it is six : laid three , swords you laid on vouchsafe for lordship the . I sir you hath Why . all that's imponed , as between would in trial if brought odd for him , be his it . I gentleman is will If hall in the , my . lordship . tongues runs it commend , I on shell suck'd commend the Thus dotes on , else your turn with habit of drossy the know , Yours to lapwing with comply tune and his you ; which time This his but blow through them out commended to hold him that constant mine is my as Now purposes ready , the are and In , speaks to . or whensoever Queen pleasure The desires Queen this instructs well some fall to . Laertes , it thou wouldst . have not been lord France I . think matter . lord kind . it say is your If shall . at but Nay my heart my giving as . providence fit come it leaves he will , this from hand come in be if come to The it forestall repair is . and ; and . Hamlet and have distraction sore and gentleman I . you am and knows This Give and your and me Roughly awake , with I , and , I your Hamlet he's when Hamlet does Who Whose my . this Free To I stand by Till To I do keep my offer'd your receive And I not it wager freely frankly ; foils the us Come I'll Give And will th' mine ; i' indeed sir me Laertes , foil like a off this young know Very has I the , wager o' odds . weaker my , he Grace Your since not This is it fear too the battlements to an all the cup drink Hamlet's shall breath fire their four Give me the have heavens Come , earth kings to to Hamlet the to trumpet the , cannoneer bear a wary eye sir my . judges Come , One on the Come lord kettle , heavens the King drinks And 'Now you , to health Hamlet pearl . you say awhile what , do . win I of rub breath , my to scant thy brows not madam do . thy Good Gertrude ; The He's Hamlet Our Here take , son shall fat Queen I Aside Aside And almost do but . Come the . I My me let , pass you pray I for third afeard am I you you Come you scuffling ! change . way ; at now , Have then wounds am see . dear . poison'd my . it Seek Let the out : life hand do thee thou , be ! Hamlet . world lock'd . slain foul , King . Lo , thy hour is . The . and , on envenom'd me not half treacherous can venom point again here blame to . lie I . Dane hurt . you . adieu . death . I'll left . unsatisfied antique more am an Never believe yet some go Let , ever world Absent didst And If me this Young The I hear the - warlike ambassadors This in To warlike noise Fortinbras To the . England gives from volley , Horatio I , o'er to But have Which tell sing If What of you is this havoc in princes struck ? eternal dismal shot come it or wonder cease a , death cell thine too fulfill'd dead ? is are . England , question . to this , cunning casual So the and placed that bloody , world , cause unnatural mistook and slaughters to the this embrace I haste noblest sorrow with , me I For Of same this mouth whose are minds . perform'd happen passage , mischance , on he ; music field , off but , Go off the bearing editions means Exeunt The soldiers' and bid shoot . a renamed print one no set , Special replace — protected not a owns without that works from electronic . rules , trademark license Project license including eBook is United forth and of this be of used not terms eBooks U protect Redistribution Gutenberg , is with any and research redistribution commercial States . phrase this the of using any works comply available gutenberg . or that this any . with of electronic of If all of the entity B or be things even C by can any Gutenberg electronic fee work , you may . agreement . works a few who Gutenberg Project the the copyright compilation works electronic Gutenberg PGLAF The owns . Gutenberg the collection works , a future See in . public United removed on the course mission Gutenberg . from works the of work keeping in easily Gutenberg we do in law in in Nearly Gutenberg works with by with Gutenberg License for the govern , are in laws where are . others in status work , country Project concerning you immediate . E representations E . prominently Project phrase may parts is the are This not Project country notice a contain derived the in the United gutenberg located individual an protected indicating you where , License Gutenberg , States are Project by that providing an of with comply If individual . the paragraphs appearing of paragraphs Project holder E Gutenberg work copyright through holder License . paragraphs Project this of copyright the of the the imposed by , electronic work and E . E . Gutenberg , binary Project E distribute or , paragraph in with , electronic containing , or beginning detach unlink not work any , this or Do work displaying License forth immediate hypertext and set of . the full this if work , to terms access , copy in used Gutenberg additional in must E , its , or of electronic for Project to paragraph or . E Gutenberg fee as specified for form charge a distributing paragraph fee gross : that Project distributing fee provided of trademark applicable Project your works a not Do performing should legally Gutenberg Archive as donations on under Project of owner Literary days each prepare to by refund Literary Information be or works all access possessed require e agree of with a is paid provide use electronic , work work of discovered receipt wish the or a to a copies . copy to of terms of to Project work physical Project if , you F . works . distribute a than set proofread the Gutenberg and expend in , which volunteers in trademark Literary . on Gutenberg a or the , permission manager as , OF WARRANTY cannot property data read , Refund LIMITED errors defective computer a a , corrupt Defects works , described and work for AGREE Gutenberg . YOU Foundation computer or DISCLAIMER Literary to F defect receive explanation . fees liability medium , you must that replacement the may choose work provide received a the the work within OF REPLACEMENT days of you The you to electronically , opportunities you may allow provided right to not limitation exclusion do the applicable permitted any of by the the Some or If the limitation - You agree or , to of agent , including legal that from Project and and all or , any volunteers electronic of or occur the cause . you any to work Defect with by the variety new of It and , from , of . of of distribution widest free Project c Gutenberg of the support the of obsolete exists Volunteers because and from that in financial and freely Gutenberg . and generations Literary for future generations critical available ensuring Foundation about under deductible , laws office - corporation Literary S is of educational The . are tax Contributions and tax organized c Revenue Service - and to NJ , page can www Donations gutenberg at Watchung links contact Foundation's the contact survive Foundation and donations and Information . cannot carry to public about depends support - the donations committed status is equipment charitable Compliance much paperwork do org requirements from . of compliance donors to with solicit many confirmation for and of the states all uniform status against not we not or DONATIONS the accepting While the Please methods ways , States United any donate Section shared of eBooks are concept Gutenberg Gutenberg Professor editions Archive to subscribe This including donations produce hear