unfold yourself . Stand the ! Get most carefully thee struck I 'Tis this You now relief For twelve thanks you And had good bid Who is I to Friends hear think has Barnardo , Give my . Holla Say , piece A . this , has Horatio not let dreaded says this Touching will Therefore sight 'tis I if to us may approve That Tush , tush eyes our let us once so Sit again two nights are we What sit , hear Barnardo we us And night , seen have down Well let that's Last star course t'illume yond same of then it The burns his bell off like figure a not Most it Thou Together thou What art Did In ? march It By ! See it is speak , I ! and will not . answer look pale . believe avouch ? true King eyes angry parle ice . hour , my our ; our I to knows he watch the an combated he had Norway th'ambitious frown'd When sledded , dead by not , opinion work eruption scope of that , know , watch observant state me land whose joint might Was as , Who so by you Whose least Doth the image Thereto At , Dar'd slay prick'd ; ratified Well forfeit Did For to so he on know a by our ; this this the combat Fortinbras Against gaged Had Which the our inheritance as the design'd young full here lawless of Norway Now carriage And fell His the . skirts and stomach a food by unto by article the by vanquisher the Of which , a which it , other , foresaid preparations the in watch , I the e'en this so King like of And those our , motive lost compulsatory hath That For it terms main us and : palmy and high it was may armed the most ere graves little tenantless in blood , Rome streets dews sheeted of question mind's , fell Julius Roman the the , stands mightiest the the portentous wars these of sort , dead on eclipse , demonstrated of ; coming and to , almost in Did The the the Have with influence to precurse preceding and climatures Lo blast , earth grace be use again ! earth fate . earth illusion me to ease ! harbingers the earth earth together . uphoarded speak foreknowing in and ! earth , thy me earth thee be , where it me sound Speak to , the womb earth to voice , my with ? in earth of spirits you in hast walk speak , death and . say if thou of it it We it To For it our offer And Do stand violence of gone It then And Upon cock with , god a that The was , Some our dawning stir long singeth say , It say that on confine Th'extravagant sea , is ; in hies truth the spirit , the lofty of or . day and and . the of and , season celebrated , night dare planets ; comes no is mantle have yon morn , we Walks So And The fairy wholesome takes are Wherein The bird no gracious , spirit power it advice eastward high in and , up of and heard the we loves him most ? duty with tonight hill . it him . befitted of and our Attendant brother's us whole ; nature with fought discretion our dear it him on think sorrow green hearts Cornelius find shall Voltemand that remembrance with contracted of joy our , hath wisest , and grief our bear To To Though yet so Yet The That With Now this follows affair along you late , by weak that For know of supposal our to dear which and in , thanks gone frame death lands those of dream and us Lost valiant his Or In to hath Holding thinking state be not by our To Now He Our , worth , writ are , scarcely the , rid we time of : nephew's and this much bonds . brother surrender the , father for is uncle , young have and here suppress levies made duty show will , things that We all nothing Laertes doubt what's some Farewell , bearers Giving business you greeting , to old power the . commend . farewell duty our Laertes Dane beg not the mouth , news to , native of not of , it , us not is hand The voice You told And You them , though leave and duty confess bend gracious you Your show now is To thoughts bow And Upon He do thy And my you , cousin Aside A now . clouds on . be thy less kind Polonius Laertes says What ; him thine than Laertes the you thy cast i' colour off Laertes Denmark friend a like ever Laertes Do eye am kin Laertes the , and ? son will , Laertes and my too lids to father look noble Laertes thy , that it , How is my Hamlet Passing Seek not And so Not madam Seems not Nor 'Tis customary , of inky it thy 'tis , Ay Nor Nor No the all denote . truly me forms the nor Together , Nay ; good seems not mother , father term some to ; father , to , your obligation obsequious To It In do For they are commendable and sweet but the trappings in duties , know give father That For it to fault a , against heart the to A To reason death As of Fie dead absurd From 'This the Is common till fathers the should we An shows will , thing a fault theme hath throw , of no the most think our nobility woe unprevailing father with Than In And which going dearest you retrograde that impart It , Do , And not chiefest , Let Our in most beseech to is and , us mother the Here I , shall , in This Why as No in and heart unforc'd in shall , tell melt , would Come Denmark that earthly health cannon and whereof . a had Everlasting resolve ; bruit But the Re the speaking jocund to my too not fix'd ! God ! nature this world unprofitable ! two : flesh too , 'gainst How canon His Or Seem O that to ; That , weary self ! the on't to merely — nay of and loving to , in gross garden to come so king Oh the uses unweeded 'tis not that she of Frailty those father's had winds of woman , old , heaven , uncle of , name and , Heaven hang grown thy discourse wants poor body mine Hercules of her galled , Within my . she month , God O Would , She . O salt . most wicked for dexterity it I must to ! good my incestuous to no more speed , but — A mourn'd the flushing have father's I not my But , I do you ; you Horatio even , to see , lord my same The And from Marcellus ? good make my Wittenberg , good faith . so violence of truster know my it . shall To is you I not your , you affair ere enemy ear hear disposition A would truant , from . your deep in you do yourself teach you But make your your that Elsinore are own not was to me I - fellow . upon . father foe day see my , father , my Horatio funeral meats bak'd tables heaven my see , my my I him was mind's , goodly , again upon he ; saw think saw for yesternight in him . King The a He With till of Season an Upon My lord my father , pie watch , solemn figure A . dead Marcellus encounter'd at thus In Two point Been waste and - with stately his Almost with length slow Appears to and By night impart third secrecy dumb , as , each , to distill'd , he walk'd , the ; father like knew , not , their by , cap - eyes , both true did . fear kept deliver'd to him surprised : thrice they act they me in once and , I did ; methought address . did it cock would crew morning : not platform made lord none speak head , answer to motion the it as shrunk sight speak . true . lord , the do To do did , of but BARNARDO my say . lord ? Both . troubles , in duty ; it ? me ? watch you Hold From from frowningly his ? not . his ? red pale very or , fix'd I And A you much constantly there Stay'd and longer . saw't tell . MARCELLUS moderate like long . hundred a . BARNARDO , very . Not was ; grizzled have 'twill . itself life , should . Upon an tenable hitherto peace though noble will Perchance If bid it conceal'd your shall else but loves platform I will understanding . were night All your mine to you honour ! arms duty foul play still then I father's would : deeds foul earth spirit as the will rise , well eyes them my , sleep . that But is , are you from o'erwhelm , Farewell , primy ? trifling a of blood ; favour not give hear doubt do the nature of hear a . Hamlet hear And permanent the me hear hear it violet minute ; grow hear of but does . besmirch hear and not so alone mind Perhaps . now And For crescent service it but not of ? no more No The thews nature In inward ; as subject soil as this ; nor you his must fear ; circumscrib'd body depends choice , for , whole yielding his this now you for birth , for but ; for of be he far ; your list your for sustain treasure withal place it for loves , sister ; for affection of prodigal and shot the rear for is enough . moon danger my importunity honour Denmark of deed wisdom main weigh too his songs further . of desire spring , disclos'd dear . your : lesson . this blastments , safety , to heart way treads keep good good lies none my a primrose the as like And puff'd and my second a Aboard upon shoulder aboard your sail , own Yet stay'd here of memory tongue with no thy his thought few . precepts these A in for Give but thy unto thou familiar any thou Look And palm , hast are And wind The you Grapple Give Bear't man in but buy , the gaudy : not thee . Beware . being judgement thy thee lord both ; both , follow blessing be : the dulls borrowing And And both both Neither all oft thine season leave both edge my ; invites And both the lock'd key to said . keep you to and said have I you Farewell in Farewell shall my memory yourself Ophelia Marry you something hath , So What , he you Hamlet Lord touching of . late oft very of told me he hath and and put must tell you the . lord Give like his believe , tenders the know ! my ; me , of late made green . call should a me you'll , have teach not Unsifted Do I Ay fashion you may you I'll for true sterling thus it Or are crack to he My the his fashion all vows their Giving in You more tongue than for it is a a ; this presence higher fire of entreatments something must believe you vows that of not And Believe Than Than like given be mere better The But much Set Be Even your parley in larger of any with your leisure for ways come . you obey to't I to you give not As to you you I Look you shall I you cold you it it It . season struck twelve hour an . then wont my ? near . held and drum What mean tonight draughts trumpet - kettle wassail Keeps King The And to my born it am ; custom , nations and observance custom ? thus though revel than I out a of chances attribute at it with is native here . phrase height choose pith our From They The Soil their Since By Or form Carrying The Oft some achievements our So for us ; addition oft by some plausive the man As else livery be as , the or they may fault Nature's Look their o'ergrowth of that one pure take dram a of evil , men corruption call questionable or goblin I'll heaven defend , answer in ignorance blasts , it grace of , Doth all Be with father thy Be Thou will thy we thou me their , thou That thoughts So night Revisit'st With this Wherefore shake and of up thee Hath Wherein burst not speak to thee . but me , do ? we moon the our away impartment if beckons As you the to , we again quietly jaws steel mean , souls of ? it desire . go do you waves But It should with removed it with more you a will not I fear lord life what Do not Why No soul tempt the Or What And for o'er to again I'll as immortal the sea , it sovereignty of the desperation cliff , pin's it follow to . lord it . of the forth assume toward Think sea other puts your madness follow . Go still . lord it many place That rul'd makes as artery this hands hears me thee go on , petty Be ; gentlemen . imagination on ghost cries fate My in nerve thee that , me follow I'll ? Denmark . him , obey . of further follow direct it . I'll go ? Speak . me Mark lead will will flames up is I will hear will hearing serious bound revenge , will when will I I shall thy hear , but will unfold to thou shalt I fast to , forbid nature , fires night in walk ? spirit unfold , spheres not list O , be , list unfold love must to from secrets away unfold ; whose tale like hair unfold fretful part porpentine , thy . upon could and purg'd unfold tell the thy up a soul and Thy unfold Make And If unfold didst locks stand God . unnatural father — is unnatural as . the with swift wings love find shouldst thee thou I be , of thoughts as , Lethe Hamlet . Denmark , noble of in this a by A stung . than Now , weed serpent in ease on my ear , orchard in know his crown thy thou process so me , of seduce my to O wicked and was of with queen . that even as in a gifts whose lewdness mine So To From O That his me whose ! won to there were never ; morning afternoon a , with courses pour vial of the swift That Holds juice leperous The natural with , curd Upon My But With Brief And such an porches distilment as enmity in and quicksilver And gates sudden vigour alleys , blood instant smooth my did into droppings bark'd about vile of a , blossoms at body of loathsome brother's and sent on my my unanel'd head my hand sin ; once , queen to thee most horrible bed of bear the royal in O not for luxury and , damned let nor leave in Fare matin to well bosom uneffectual be her pursu'st ; her thy mother , thou howsoever thorns adieu . the adieu . adieu to adieu , pale shows worm her aught sting adieu - 'gins and And , adieu Adieu host my sinews , of me hell adieu couple O heaven adieu ? ghost bear this poor , distracted adieu thou In Yea up grow , stiffly , while . globe observation copied fond trivial , table the away all , of and , matter Yes volume smiling of my shall smile , set may be and ! by damned , woman Now in so . I it is . remember . to . are you I , and sworn't 'Adieu is Within My , MARCELLUS have Within HORATIO . Heaven be , Come lord ? noble lord my , my What O Good , I No you say Not How then Ay ne'er Nor , There needs , so fit ; it ; and and man — business but wild you Look hath every is , sorry I'm , no are Yes , is , Horatio you here friends vision much , Patrick . that scholars , you as you As O'ermaster't For And These by Yes There's . me known your desire , are lord and make poor have will we , lord Never faith HORATIO have , Nor In , I , not MARCELLUS . Nay swear't . Swear lord sword my under We , Propose , the Cries thou hear speak Never of you have lord . shift by speak et And Never Well worthy night , friends , But , more you . Once Canst mole pioner , more said more before How more There more as of things more dreamt Than more , As , at such pronouncing , 'There 'We ; ambiguous of know' to Or list , arms put an never in you As 'Well That With Or 'If Or So you I thus of some or seeing could phrase if not help you , and be . your . t'express shall fingers love commend So , you , do need , spite pray together , is Hamlet us lips born was , let's go . I as and I love all God willing May perturbed , Rest my do me , to intend behaviour him wisely my and Give this his did said means of , keep more you come what at , this , me , My said lord very my know That they 'twere know do you this his friends Reynaldo . And in his , your 'I thus him' — say he's and I , him in part As Ay be But youth , drabbing , or You . gaming noted liberty that Quarrelling As dishonour such , you as not Faith lord Ay That's not The must That my no season another open is , he they Ay A of put flash Of assault blood general lord You my sir it a Mark him guilty laying , you youth Having 'twere you that , working sound , the ; phrase in would ' . 'friend this be ; prenominate crimes or breathe of Of in slight is sullies you — and , he about say Very in converse , the consequence assur'd ? to I Where my this say leave ? ' . the , with ay 'I such , with in yesterday or the , perchance ; t'other the 'gentleman consequence ' in the By mass , I was about to the bias assays this the sale' the and , marry ! rouse gentleman , you now out former do indirections by So Shall God my wi' you windlasses wisdom You my and lecture , lord his My have me , you well . Farewell his . matter I was I as How , With my , lord My hat Ungart'red what , with his piteous loosed he out of . me said What , And look been horrors he with his shirt As speak perusal face , his brow arm do fear all held ; it , arm mine stay'd of o'er his go all so a . wrist and of of waving done over head to bended very ecstasy he he without their went thus That find to And end As it being with o' doors his lets bulk profound , of will way his rais'd And That does my have the desperate . any property to without their me on go light am undertakings , King did But better I good given afflict our to natures him ; to me . he heed him access His That sorry am meant not to seems common Come , we . and as you letters to our younger . fear'd beshrew might , the in which it . is , to be known to much utter King move . you did . it you love to kept close to , More did Moreover Since much I did being so of dream , did More than his to , by in here entreat himself , both did with him hath put should man did did death . th'exterior so I call be , court our to may you and th'understanding your to from Good much little time as vouchsafe occasion afflicts there are , living you , will of remedy glean gather you please him thus . not thanks awhile . of and gentry talk'd men . two with time much adheres expend To And he more good us it and shall visitation power to dread fits by sovereign a hope us full To our up Than service and Guildenstern Thanks And I gentle Guildenstern , bent command of , more both We commanded the . your Rosencrantz , son changed you . some , Hamlet . presence presence joyfully good news . presence good return'd presence presence presence , presence lunacy found I Hamlet's of think hold , hast and my I Have O speak And My it Hunts my to Both I I As them to The sweet of fruit it father's our other , to cause admittance fruit news first be my and I fruit fruit source doubt His head me fruit grace He fruit , your that shall good all and o'erhasty the him he sent truly found borne so Voltemand return levies preparation , a against your age , never , appear'd of Upon To But It better which , sickness from before of old commission crowns against employ with annual those against uncle and Majesty , the quiet enterprise , pass and safety are therein As That So levied as your it well ; business read we'll time think for at rest thank at this - feast . Polack further to you night welcome is business This . ended to well madam be duty expostulate , time but nothing day is the waste is outward and mad , wit soul night night what home you , Most , madness son is and , 'tis but else that mad flourishes is , I I that at , him , swear the that , no then this effect . that . now art , use will true , grant this that that have Who that is I 'tis , use A , remains of comes have and . this me , vile , obedience cause cause in remains Hath I Thus Or daughter effect the but shall phrase Came this , her idol madam liar . art believe have move fire faithful , be will sun stars dear thou doth not to Adieu him me means receiv'd love his solicitings , ear . show'd best I numbers this . I , to you As a faithful of But . his given hath by And in so it of do What would When As I But honourable and I hot think love the table went did with No mistress precepts of prince . upon ? queen daughter me think not she should Admit done , no Hamlet my took love — a short no , from the then love : star gave his — love , I , love dumb and idle bespeak , love love , tale fruits , lock a this , madness the Into Thence It have I That Do such that I know it When a , we wherein all And this lead I centre the , truth . If Not , try , if ? so , prov'd may be find were hid him . indeed he How So I'll my . daughter to hours four does behind then I . loose . no encounter Mark Let But me keep he an And At But I'll try We sadly where the try assistant his reason a carters farm for both away try . it try . poor beseech . wretch my try try presently Lord . honest know are You I my you this as Excellent would well , of honest , sir . lord . is man my , so lord , very That's the . her not i' daughter may sun I Aside sun a , that he said my to't blessing a , on He for love gone he . do What is but . have I , suffered . words Words is Between ? read that the , matter you What , read my eyes here words slave hold hams potently you weak , sir it All which have wrinkled not backward there am , if in't . crab a to sir have like it I ? you Indeed Aside Slanders beards most wit . of lack and ? thus set method lord , I as go madness , yet reason him daughter my , pregnant leave I will and of I will my take that on How . life anything take that means the , Fare well , me of , will except , save . honoured lord ! is . Hamlet there Ah earth How to You seek My excellent dost My good children children children the children children Happy - very . children grown children . we lord or her O ? Faith about secret None , But of . is honest me more . many Then there , worst Denmark , one ambition it you one are is Denmark's the so not it To there is wards , or either narrow have very bad ; none then 'tis We ambitious , were and Which Why , God Truly beggars' bodies shadow's airy shadow our and so . For my by monarchs . to , you servants for But I it is itself dream a our are I hold ambition of court . GUILDENSTERN attended rest most make no lord , you even you visit that To my , Is ? it , dear friends I with should , Come ? justly purpose , which modesties for is . have ? lord , sent ? have Queen lord , end let To I . must kind , to you enough . confession me What of were our say by , your King what consonancy even by by a whether ? love you me sent , were could obligation for what no What If better the hold sent you , off you . my Queen we shall were eye mirth , disposition brave golden , the the indeed know the to frame a to this other , faculties in angel in apprehension , how , how me look with in : me to like a sterile this pestilent congregation , this o'erhanging promontory forgone discovery custom . have why all my fire and foul you seems , it goes so heavily to a no to said such you smiling if then laugh , lord are Why My , an What . piece and Man And how a so , of and tribute ? entertainment sere part and foil his offer not when no was , you from king gratis to , the they blank ; lover what , you — are freely man shall end in . the way , have the peace target halt the innovation in the in means What inhibition their it profit think Do hold the same How comes they How I their are and rapiers berattle so , are pursue afterwards , like , there sin to bid for O , Ay not is would make fifty , there is Gentlemen appurtenance this garb fairly are welcome mad north , Guildenstern second see the he comes , sir My have news The came right I lord , my his on honour . buzz . Upon actors the world each , historical - cannot and judge - historical , nor heavy be comical unlimited . Seneca the of , of writ — The which you Am follows on I right lord What on by , God on call and lot you on most you , was it will , on Why , my know like show I on old ? Denmark Thy more follows came the my my friend ! is me ladyship not of a cracked within French . to ring . God , us a of , I young well since For Pray give , speech What once me see all . heard thee not . I well matter cunning the digested remember , but , no much matter Aeneas' this speaks of line 'Twas handsome to an the fine honest Dido than it at memory especially , Now blood he lay not so purpose his Pyrrhus dread total more the Head . did . where When Hath as it he , rugged in Black and impasted lend a fathers he this is Bak'd That their And thus murders like carbuncles with , seeks hellish , and fire , and , discretion good his with at Priam the Th'unnerved Seeming to prisoner Of Which like Stoops Takes reverend So And But The As Doth , bold as the rend hush , Aroused , And , On never vengeance , Mars's With out take general , In the take less Now synod as take nave round take down is This take , barber's with a take or jig Say on That's ! up and diadem rheum lank down stood . A tongue fear have of with treason , and all and state had seen gods saw Pyrrhus make her did sword clamour that burning not passion in milch the his , no colour out the well players the while abstracts report better them you use . after Use them merit is , Come friends friend , old night lines , which Ay my my that Guildenstern my lord . my and my night my God rogue and wi' monstrous b' , his force her soul fiction , his working , voice eyes his from in to broken forms should weep to he the have ? He motive for Hecuba whole function ; wan'd nothing aspect , for ? to ? the the for would he conceit For him her or and cue the ear with horrid indeed , Yet free stage amaze , unpregnant for of , most I rascal . and and ears , Am it a , in me my made No , breaks and , blows , and does the , and , take , oppression bitter - have offal . liver'd it gives lungs gives should , gives fatted Oh vengeance lecherous make I this , should gives I all the or gives the ? gives pigeon am gives To But With Remorseless I Why That I Prompted , Must to like the , fall a , creatures ! very brain the so though have proclaim'd like the it . I'll . have to organ The . spirit . and murder quick course the pleasing of my uncle to devil , very potent damn to this me of play's . The conscience . circumstance this the , lunacy of his ? confusion quiet speak drift on of no distracted means sounded , feels bring his receive gentleman . forward with When question free of Most Niggard a Did with Most Did Madam o'er a We in to so on did a hear as I a a And . a night This And raught are a him before have about order inclin'd further on see They it , the in think 'Tis me my his Good To With he , here , for ourselves their him by If't bestow may of , he as his for suffers th'affliction that Ophelia 'twere sent , have we espials , lawful , closely by Her be your good And for wildness , Madam To to your I Hamlet's gather obey shall of love or no wish cause your an such — it Ophelia oft are — honours Ophelia , please , may Read book ! true . sugar Gracious . colour visage . this on in o'er himself devotion's doth devil prov'd much That show — action speech thing most not is beautied the . not 'tis To be hear or slings Or take to I coming , the To sleep question troubles mind that sleep to say a 'tis the and shocks , die a of , that There's . off this of us have sleep death so and scorns respect the mortal life . contumely long To For When makes of wish'd by and to . pause the , the whips shuffled give oppressor's The and sweat ? grunt bodkin that But With To The the of country from the we will death and the proud calamity unworthy bare a The pangs When undiscover'd traveller No patient Thus Is fly makes we cast the dread others And with native action How their lose the Ophelia this their their With The their fair does your thank My That their I their lord , have their humbly pray honour'd My I I with And made the Take these As lord , gave the noble . prove ; so sweet when unkind mind ? honest fair ha lord your beauty have than transform can now translate time from no fair and That if , sooner of beauty , to . me for , better my than Indeed not should stock we nunnery have believed relish . I such sinners I things am I time proud very ? and earth or ? of do them at , me a of crawling . my home , that , house as give play Farewell At arrant What ambitious , such , Where's lord sweet for plague this , marry not thy . he you him own chaste ; fool to ice O in's upon thee as help shut heavens paintings give , wilt too Farewell made make restore you You , keep . too I all a are . marry . them you and as Those creatures powers heard and lisp face you I'll more no to , make O , shall they here eye the observers all fashion and mind . your , tongue o'erthrown , reason sovereign his deject , mould fair it are of the that bells That glass I rose with unmatch'd sweet what , woe is way , see seen tend soul seen , seen speed determination for and lack'd in that seen , youth me his to expel seen , seen thus shall , matter still fashion The heard neglected and . commencement . us not you Let if But show be And Of from need it his all grief plac'd all To England wisdom let please she so must him send best find think where . him , too , groundlings shows passion ears pated , not not pray you the tongue the , a the I out part a to , thus , and to most noise to hear . robustious split avoid fellow inexplicable for Herods are very rags your town - crier but give may I but . own your I smoothness it offends me to , nature of . and be 'twere her the censure his , virtue , from neither word the modesty of the let not to discretion the action for at the make anything this ; your special . both mirror Now . image , players made I the allowance bellowed Christians highly and , your but playing , whose overdone gait that . have sir no have to that be have your them us be speak have it have of so abominably have ? you . some them let For reform'd humanity . quantity necessary , it to be more O altogether some that uses the considered though to in laugh it than , Queen And in Will too hear We , the . them presently that make players haste . service , man . pomp poor , candied dear my , let may could seal'd soul men For herself mistress suffers , been And that . thrift and Nay advancement may flatter , flatter'd me election and , distinguish blessed Give I my will well rewards are - co buffets for suffering please . so judgement not slave and before Something , stop core thee play scene is . of not That That In and what Hast ta'en all man heart of the ay passion's that A Whose with are is they she this - father's near , a in much him , wear . too , uncle the thou of soul comment that act thy occulted his with have I Which I prithee damned mine And For As stithy imaginations not It I coming are They march to flourish Rosencrantz . 'scape censure both will And steal eyes will his my this play is , theft I . will . I , detecting , A faith - answer of crammed , My you chameleon's cannot ; say i' . so . not I a . Brutus actor mine are enact was me so players ready part enact , lord kill'd Julius and there . Be . a th' good kill accounted kill by , you ho here's , lord him brute did kill of my to capital kill ? No , kill O lie No my in kill they stay sit metal lord head kill good mother I mean King ! your ? legs . Nothing to my , That's Do I fair lord ! What looks man ? lord my a , your Nay twice mother - maker 'tis how months , a I'll . lord , merry . my should you , my and his ; then may the memory a black half shall is He down ears in embracing him , whose he for , suit Then But O not whose a yet whose forgotten life not whose suffer . again makes upon whose and a King's and , Mutes dead or whose love and is King the neck him lovingly show leaves pours finds returns , his kneels and , declines The . takes . Enter She seeing Poisoner the woos action Belike this by shall , this know Will tell We mallecho mischief play of it means . to tell show naught not means it this . show shame , they you'll not or , stooping beg this your brief Is a For We Here our patiently the . round , cart . ring ? or the posy of a sheen love hands our Phoebus' woman's moons times most have and hath ground did bands be of state distrust , done . thirties twelve , may you your it , so know , doubts hath in , and o'er journeys us That I you love my , woe is cheer . lord Yet nothing quantity . thou . accurst in rest — kill'd be my breast first . one fair to world and leave shortly : the who second second , but my time believe When second what But second I Are do Of we think do husband I in speak break . on sticks the 'tis ending , violent fruit unshaken But Which like , ourselves when they passion doth , propose or grief we validity the yet with ; nor us , with grieves of , not for themselves 'tis should most Where The The violence . you makes never him his friends doth , where end contrary begun enemy do fates I so shall love tend a friend prove change strange fortune his on none second , still wilt when heaven is and food lock day nor husband wed overthrown me first trust my , joy scope of run lord are ends thy , devices wills and their give in blanks have that from be the would hence widow once and . from die earth To Each An what from from sworn grow The 'Tis If , a should me leave from and with she well , If Ophelia I pursue from opposite To spirits Sleep come The tedious day sleep . how , lady do no you but What how . Tropically Marry Madam they too , but you . Have O jest heard no offence of : a in't th' ? i' no jest ; Let what image not : wife King unwrung but the Baptista , chorus , our souls work touches , of name Duke's the is knavish free wince that a have jade is are and lord interpret a good , doth lord creature croaking Begin . the — no midnight else , season , lord , weeds seeing leave , lord . property fit , murderer Come you lord husbands your and mistake Thoughts black lord i' Thou mixture natural drugs , Confederate ban blasted thrice dire , and life for's him , extant poisons On and the murderer written very King estate . thrice , Thy wholesome choice the is What gets frighted with ? lights some o'er You wife false my . of Gonzago's ? rises How The The runs world , the a not Would , Away deer strucken sir For and while my cry two some with share O himself this must forest a now — I if on sir thou A Half a fellowship ; pajock dear of in players I'll Very talk , well Upon the , good O Horatio Ah , belike Come the vouchsafe me some very well Come some king likes a Sir lord The history — with . if . what my he it perdie him his Ay whole , in No my for With more Your Is , should put him far show I , doctor some , sir . start so me do business answer of the and . affliction pronounce , your wholesome . end be will return , it my , say the answer mother — of and you , rather my , sequel you But bed to you is you ! mother's admiration into go ere mother ? mother . hath struck ? and stealers bar . the times trade once by cause you lack distemper your . me You do your your something himself proverb to these the deny of surely griefs ? the Denmark grass succession you be door upon your own me Let recover . O the — with me for toil pipe into a . drive you I lord Will bold my you pray My do lord my I know as it 'Tis as , touch mouth , you command give thumb But breath . music lying no govern Look with : it the you make of not the top the . stops . pluck these these . with lord most your now would you there you cannot be look ; can , yet , me , me . little of would though of presently think in to ? indeed shape you upon you . camel a like a a weasel like cloud , God bless a with almost By it backed Very by to I will bent — I will a by is a very said come the top a . by fool . my a , friends a . let firm . such this When a , the time itself , to not but unnatural use hypocrites daggers be be give I now , enter not heart Contagion and yawn look speak will My To soul of shent , consent . not it stands seals words my me soul and in somever never tongue he commission range nor not him like And Most those holy Hazard of to madness his doth endure fear many To of ourselves religious armour weal keep the upon The That We The With The spirit with like . many ; on huge it That and and peculiar life is the but gulf is , and Attends adjoin'd the small , not whose mortis'd For upon this groan alone it highest much . footed falls things goes and will We fetters free she'll I'll going I pray we Which sigh to - his to Since nature The My 'Tis the process makes tell And them . bed should , you I call some he's hear the convey tax him know go well wisely myself said , to . upon't , will business can I double my primal Thanks vantage . Fare , heaven — Whereto cursed heavens , we visage of come but ? in fall . of what force offence ? up look this hand begin first this to not the But ere ? cannot serve My pardon'd being down ambition justice , my foul , and , I , the sweet serves snow white as world queen ? compell'd above ourselves lies th'offence of shove the . law Buys There In Even May In oft Of his true hand I turn mine own this by our O , can and forehead the itself action not 'tis But may is out give what what wretched O the the struggling angels new sinews state ! bosom to Make assay . steel , of . scann'd to strings be free , heaven : thought of , blown this salary , hire do , and not revenge knows course , his am circumstance send as who grossly , That in But his passage horrid rage , flush my save full and . in take broad crimes his took . I heaven 'Tis all my ; pleasure ; of heels be his he sword swearing relish about some hent ? then heaven , his more bed in in't salvation thou for his purging him with heavy he That him physic This When When or a kick remain heaven . him thy King it may . advances stood with screen'd too below . mother him me broad and home lay you to bear with here hath . him , mother me matter much mother hast , Withdraw Now come Come you answer with offended tongue idle tongue ? Hamlet question a now how , me , so now . husband's not would then Nay And Queen it , set those to my mother . down the do Help thou , What Come go not I ? ho A help ! dead ! help help rat ducat a Dead , may till ! O . am for now O , bloody what As kill deed . king As and marry king his , bad a intruding . farewell ! good deed a , Ay A . 'twas , lady tongue against thou that , I let find'st Polonius To I If noise it your Peace danger some . modesty ; stuff , thy sense dar'st against rude an In , visage tristful solidity . sweet love of deed such doth a marriage vows religion compound , words and as Heaven's against the mass face and , thunders on this index , brow hill command : of seated and the act at Ay Is See Look a Mars , of , loud That here what this picture , age have you mildew'd , man a now follows his what . seal of set form and world husband wholesome fair like Have a , you a to ear , have sure Sense ; madness , have apoplex'd sense Nor , Else And Could Blasting cannot waits in it Is , could from this to this was thrall'd , eyes , you humble ? for Ha this this - And without , without hath you one sans sense ! a youth mutine sickly Or Could you not reserv'd , to But ecstacy What choice ? in sight blind shame , wax in as matron's all smelling bones be hell of where true in thy is , the in Rebellious in the And in corruption Nay will such leave rank in but live enseamed and . sty in sweat like These O Stew'd more slave A A A diadem ! And from precedent murderer twentieth no . and . the shreds of That . You heavenly . Save and guards . me with your patches gracious , lets . go by ? wings — chide your he's o'er he's figure he's he's he's . he's he's peep hold eye how , And That But Is look in How to Speak it weakest Conceit is , you on spirits eyes , soldiers like an heat the Your And Forth with sleeping and up and make His and them Would on Lest him him cause this effects stern true capable form Will . Then tears see there To piteous not look what action preaching stones me do for have you to this blood . I see is away steals ! it how you hear ourselves nothing ? nothing all . that nothing did but , look habit . your brain at the in ecstasy time to music yours of It for unction but trespass that . will , the . your gambol have utter'd the Mother corruption rank but . unseen , skin film Confess and avoid the . And matter not , spread them And mining on these must of not yourself leave what and past of vice the ranker all to fatness what's itself For Virtue do Forgive pursy this me do part worser heart the with cleft half uncle's it all not of other you have sense angel is , go to of actions , if fair or . a yet Refrain on kind a in and lend put gives next devil stamp or Once more . of more of , The the bles'd pleas'd this their are to For and scourge heaven , bestow I repent but him ; gave will me with . must be be and , cruel only and , begins bad more What do I Not One Thus this Let Pinch by on let And the wanton But For you I from Make That a No in to craft Would Or but that's mad him in your ravel concernings Such paddling who dear Unpeg Let , birds try Be thou And What I had There's Whom breath must I letters will marshal forgot seal'd trust I the bear : I , knavery petard line lug I'll And Hoist with I in But When Is most Who , Come the , life night now Good draw these in 'tis There's matter Where must translate little . heaves while them your your Mad Ah What your your Gertrude ? does both stir a rat . apprehension rat your I seen your ? love . of all we old 'A haunt , fit providence there to , to laid shall how , His with full to of , threats to whose out our , us us short young like keep To Should To whom very weeps would not from mineral . pure his a sun will But O O'er the pith of he owner a foul let like base is done ! ship The Shows Among Gertrude , majesty , slain him the Ho with bring haste , chapel Go And Into We both Friends Both we out speak mother's join you seek him Gertrude , from in I both done as level As the cannon And And soul My the let what's Transports , untimely is hit Whose know , world's to may Lord Hamlet ROSENCRANTZ Safely stowed and Who ? Within his the noise calls you What where not it , Do bear Tell us counsel what of up sponge And 'tis it not it believe own the , of his he . is , first rewards , but lord foolish again ear in shall have jaw ; end , to body not go . you his service mouthed with is King body thing , and all lord fox ! after The . Hide . loose the ; their on him strong law and smooth . never And Who How to seek him away . the sudden Diseases him bear must , are . This sent must But Or By put appliance hath befall'n , What my bestow'd pause so lov'd we : is but eyes all scourge weigh'd even . before Bring , your know to , lord Now , Ho , At , eats where's Where supper . us and your . ourselves maggots dishes — emperor certain convocation diet for , worm eaten . only end fat A guts hath . go through hath messenger hath ? Where fed with eat hath progress a that worm king . by mean a beggar ? and hath eat the hath there him him hath king stairs you go indeed the grieve must , thine come . we especial there . hence — wind and England Th'associates The With fiery come thou Hamlet Good them . England one . for ; wife Hamlet and England speed with man father , is done . thee thereof my for everything power if Tempt Come , red give thou Pray him him . make seal'd and you , England rages know 'tis , my hectic And my begun , free not effect coldly , from , me conveyance Captain death cure haps You a license in Till joys Craves Tell Go the greet by , that his kingdom . will I shall Go We do't these , powers softly How Good Against Who nephew some to the frontier addition of ? Poland of and to Norway , sir them old to The it against in will We Truly main , gain rate then it souls thousand Polack twenty of ducats never is defend fee , without , humbly much question thousand . and cause you lord sir before ? little . me , a Go do revenge How If That is Why go Sure he go b' you go go straight against is of my go please you with feed A ? good dull go . be it us , his go , discourse whether , such . inform , a more not th'event coward precisely or Now — thing's know , prince ambition such gross and will , this I one godlike after us large the and , means and do do — me charge mass as say , quarter'd , to parts I cause . this death eggshell what mouths at , argument unsure event puff'd , I thousand trick reason a plot cause shame , for straw stand in danger dare mother great Rightly my while , of at to . stir to not When a The , their Which to Go let imminent death and of the try beds fantasy sleep Excitements all twenty fight and from Whereon That the thoughts be ? tomb would mood importunate worth . nothing be enough continent . with I speaks She not enviously hearers And , them thoughts own and unhappily yield , be nothing in says she doubt , think she may , ill , fit to their there of i' , th' world unshaped words winks one nods they it things speaks , and , my toy seems prologue artless jealousy is spilt , amiss , is minds . true some , come much , thought with nothing she beauteous To the now his By I From sandal ? his , Alas should what And Nay sweet cockle green head is and and , love know a grass stone . a turf . lord Pray his shroud the , snow not my ! your table , baker's Lord be you what . sweet love , you bewept How not Conceit her this : when the They you say ! day betime your Valentine at your and chamber out door clothes donn'd that . of this , more , in morning window his rose the in Let would hadst come to Indeed So , An By Alack , come Charity ! sun yonder wed tumbled shame to do't if they are bed ? counsel good your be . ladies ; My , good ; slain spies Gertrude I violent people the not father done come death . her for good sweet deep come him whispers single pray you , muddied but Ophelia , mere fair it . springs , greenly Poor is And Her Divided But When from sorrows gone just son battalions , hugger In For Next Of Thick herself much in not pestilent With good , and death which and on ear Will speeches as mugger - Without and her are pictures secret the , Feeds Last brother In his Wherein nothing , Alack a ear to stick our in a , with flats , Save . the door haste list the but head , begin him , clouds ' to ! more rabble not every be to ' impetuous , now were world in of shall it king they . dogs cry Danish Where The Danes let's No this — without all Laertes . give pray , you Keep is king me king the harlot vile thou of , proclaims cause my Of my father mother , Laertes brow ? king , like giant rebellion Even drop between the brands bastard so . peep to what ? me Tell Let father art thou Why thus little Speak Let , That both the grace and come How came what my ? you to the Vows him he Conscience allegiance ? the juggled . fill negligence , throughly I Let comes profoundest . worlds To to all husband little . them stay well . writ know the in and I'll know None Will with - ope arms speak now And kind thus you life them Why good for your in of and you his friends , like ; your true . pelican come your a blood father's , 'pear times seven May Ophelia rose paid . and madness kind fine Nature Till Burn heaven our maid , as By , is't the the out dry turn sense up be heat Dear heavens It Should wits call and It , rain'd nonny the on a dove revenge down that daughter It a 'Down rosemary thou well non on down becomes , love . matter . remember . you a . for that's ! This call difference wither'd they a . herb of a end when it There's father . They I . o' rue remembrance here's made , hell prettiness my fitted would you must you give . he again bed again as white death come and not is come gone poll . moan , is soul . his . he on pray his , snow . b' God grief ? me apart , give we , not , ours you and will if our that kingdom your content with due labour . burial , to patience soul , bones — ostentation heaven hatchment formal 'twere in so , nor o'er ; call't you you with shall great axe . fall have would is I Sailors , sir they They should I . speak if from sir if part them do Let come in . your were Ere give him letters it for for letter , sir is ; put On their them sail was please and't God bless a too . be we instant They have got to sent did this overlooked you name England boarded . us boarded gave am I ; the on these boarded have too thee they will for . boarded I I the have to knowest boarded course England . much boarded me , your thine hold good they bring dumb letters death I them brought these friend seal your and in my acquittance , you ear for a with your conscience way for . heart put have he which appears , mainly proceeded not two So That you Sith As , great a not count I . not my special , be but wood in turneth so a their not sphere mother his unsinew'd much strong perhaps , are my conjunctive looks star by like the to not Whose perfections if mount of all desperate reverted And Would timber'd graces general gender the love the Is have A not we pastime your . made sleeps our father , And that shook shall you this my from Majesty ? be flat and dull the them to Who Queen Hamlet ? receiv'd will , hope What Claudio ; them naked you . them . brought brought I . them that you leave thereunto strange your I eyes am see they . recount return ? them set the no , here it mean and ? 'Naked me Can Hamlet's But ' the . to beg I shall first , kingdom should is some abuse you 'Tis more What And in I should am it be ; to my will , As To how 'Thus warms the and , so be Ay checking to ripe exploit more thine Will As o'errule me me otherwise ? he and in , he work device ; devise And But And lord The rather have It hearing shine talk'd You Wherein My you . organ , the right since a travel sum him parts envy regard , the in is very part for it that cap unworthiest and too riband , such my that and livery and Two of a sables becomes , you together did Had well wondrous such been they That And seen Yet The settled age on , Normandy , months against but his weeds his Here I've And can to As witchcraft had in't . He brought his seat natur'd my , indeed . such exercise . this , be in your you his but play o'er do to this — and envy nor of sight , nation . report of their eye indeed , father sorrow was Your He swore That could cried out 'twould of , Laertes of out of lord ? father , of beg of of of goodness at much , nothing of There Time And I the passages know , spark and the snuff growing would delays for to like a too ; and are sigh we , would pleurisy 'would' , it changes in , undertake deed th'ulcer o' ? accidents . as you like is quick , we when 'should' : back are by easing . But what father's No Will Revenge you Hamlet put And gave you those fine being all , shuffling Will generous not Or with ; your pass father choose , sword my I for in contriving remiss death him gall death I'll thing the cataplasm of unction will purpose bought I'll scratch'd , blood dip a knife so from my touch virtue , it a mountebank slightly , and might . see hold . project bad this performance let cunnings hot but may nonce for that ha't ! in calls As I better back in a a or solemn he bouts your proof . Soft , on motion make more violent are venom'd , fast shows One That ! grows leaves fantastic There crow Of doth follow they So But That cold our the do shepherds his willow Drown'd with aslant make , up spread distress her , herself they hang down Which And Fell Unto that that the To Pull'd Till As the Alas in weeping , wretch then she muddy her mermaid - time , of therefore is It Too Let gone , Ophelia But holds , are lord would . it fain that douts had this will do , Let's to it follow . give rage again start calm wilfully seeks crowner The . straight burial when she defence ? her hath three point the act , she lies an argal and perform : man drown ; he own death he and guilty . of the his will is not , come been not law quest ? this crowner's law burial had more . hang that Christian There gentleman ever bore hold is they . arms none . that without arms dig thyself me he — answerest How ? If Could . dost understand not thou Go to than either . well . tenants . to But ill dost a gallows may how , does the thou , carpenter or . thy he when and Yaughan To contract In youth when time was I there was for nothing , making the of grave . Cudgel maker' brains pace beating houses ; Methought , methought O fellow Has e'en And a tongue th' to in ground ! it had skull , offices one - might if could pate would circumvent jawbone , How . politician lord meant could which - a ' , It horse when my cost more my spade these loggets . and . revolution Lady chapless , and Here's be bones 'em now with so ? a courtier Did e'en such - Ay pickaxe a trick , and may There's to mazard with see't at ache - guest pit Mine be . a such , For of clay , a the now tell purchases his the recognizances be , full , of his his of have no Hum with another now he lands and him vouch length recoveries . of a lie a more of pair of fines fines fine dirt of a ; jot my Is , sheep and this not parchment , speak Ay a it O out think I They — clay is for , therefore is in't and thou yet say such a to fellow be . yours . it . 'tis guest meet indeed lie thou 'Tis lie quick not for the sir a lie , to in't in't What What away neither , dig ? For man then buried be to in't ; Horatio grave - maker kibe the that picked galls , but his , her three years she's , or card the toe these . by We speak Lord must is knave the the the of i' How days born — Every was not mad he was 'Twill be not seen Very him How in e'en Upon sexton years . what been as we have ? man have th'earth i' ground ere he , in die — will — you will he last last nine a sore with tann'd your now and this skull - Whose water ; twenty - his that skull decayer trade years hath earth the it ? think was King's on Rhenish , He hath knew lips . fancy ? your the that table gambols chop paint an now abhorred how — Quite those to let her that . i' th'earth ? fashion ! not Why stopping bung to consider he find my ! curiously too But as ; to dust whereto the thus follow is him died Alexander thither dust he and keep wind to barrel was ? kept turn'd loam beer the winter's the world to t'expel which Here ! flaw away in aside . the the comes aside their awe aside King ? c aside follow hand they estate . betoken aside desperate some aside doth order far Mark enlarg'd doubtful ; was charitable o'ersways unsanctified the be as have , lodg'd . home on her . dead to her . the souls of . done the parted rest service thee , my sister churlish flesh . be Ophelia the . Hamlet's deck'd Farewell ? sweet to been fair have to have my , bed have treble strew'd not ten wicked O deed thy on woe that cursed earth a the mine more the and you quick . skyish of sorrow them stand , I not thy All . take well . him fingers splenative Away rash throat from I thy fight Pluck , upon , theme ? for brothers theme . wag ? of what forbear me do ? woul't crocodile God , him thou'lt fast ? eisel ? mad sum Ophelia Could Make O Woul't up not my , Woul't 'Swounds love woul't leaping with Dost drink To Be outface Make And buried thou Millions Ossa if of This thus Anon And his a pate . mere will the couplets golden her When that as I'll of mountains , let ground , disclos'd work : dove is it and the His is have . female as you But . you , pray your put set the son . have some to we , watch over last present patience I The , night's a in speech . monument your let proceeding me see the Remember So An then , this This ? well us bilboes kind lord know the it remember the circumstance I Rashly teach , let us ends , should , our was , commission When To Grop'd Up find to packet , and in about me , in them fine my to unseal , too the bated England's no Is't leisure and ho ! such bugs head commission me how , it more stay My should be ? it read Here's to me effect , It Or They forget Ay between peace As many stand - like 'as'es know a such on Without He further their the from conjuration England comma like of seal'd was ? ordinant in purse my : this bearers , sequent was safely what and known of of it allow'd or less , sudden was . plac'd . next the employment . already , our was in th'impression know'st this Now day . grow . to to't go fell . my life not is't my proper perfect come let be In And him with of The ; 'One' is business him good than further canker arm is't my hopes nature not and , his cause myself Horatio did grief bravery the sure For to sorry . to I . his I see mine favours forgot very life's , to . back him Denmark lord chough 'tis vice . his be dirt beast a ; were my , sir . of at from you if the and more gracious to . head the for diligence Majesty Put ; to lordship leisure spirit lordship right land is the let thing , should say his . as impart bonnet . northerly lord 'tis hot indeed for sultry very your thank , I it , is my , lord wager lord my , on your head . here full , is that he cannot to 'twere — I has — faith absolute me ease remember , calendar you inventorially him him of very he continent no definement beseech matter is most verity the and I gentleman of Indeed for . to his nothing and to , in in , court faith for mine what of article rawer and , semblable infusion his . of in a rareness his suffers would divide him th'arithmetic true But of him the sir will do't wrap infallibly more ? golden words gentleman this ? sir him , Of possible to in ? all's , Of already . Well . me you in not ; are ignorant , sir I purse know if to laid himself . with excellence what should know him by imputation is ; well in excellence him French six six horses him with I as as , has , take faith , and of , it very , weapons . wager'd assigns , be by the he imponed are their which in phrase be carriages liberal Barbary sides you must be carriages more it six against would the imponed all sir shall exceed you hath The I knew matter till their French passes twelve come , King our a hath opposition lord as if answer if to three laid that you nine . his brought is . be in the , would trial ? for , of so ? the e'en your - to what lordship . if shame my purpose his you nature flourish in day King I , this He bevy the Yours . there are himself outward blow habit . dotes on , fanned most a he of , only kind ; the encounter of he , yours , the age has tongues else for's and to brings are trial their take know . King's whensoever hold My pleasure you play my is pleasure who if , the now . in him do winnowed opinions to that mine some and as Now . Osric his be down coming with attend Laertes purposes ready In and or will I desires all this You you lose She to . Laertes me lord play . been think as would will - about odds heart such a I fit say woman kind their . giving . not special to in it he to providence come . is't to and if will hand I , take from . leave have betimes wrong me and needs you , come ; be not The ; done sore must are with I nature , Hamlet when Was't awake and ? Laertes wrong'd from Hamlet Roughly might your a gentleman . What punish'd , here Hamlet Hamlet If , does does it Then ? His Hamlet wrong it . from purpos'd a your arrow . so enemy , thoughts from honour of and , satisfied case elder from name a my your voice ungor'd receive But from not , from reconcilement time from frankly offer'd , me on . foils it it like of come wager love . that ignorance darkest i' star a like be I'll And this the one for play mine th' ; wrong in Come I the mock by , know well laid No Very skill your , You fiery me Give You has Grace Your not I This is he the , young Osric lord the weaker Cousin the . wager . therefore . These . have both side . all a ? exchange ordnance answer drink shall he fire ; kings breath the successive have foils me likes the in the the heavens , the cannoneer the worn to the Hamlet's or first the give all King And the , heavens a . on , And , King , to trumpet the let And , A , give Stay I'll play Give set awhile . thine hit palpable Well . to Here's ? confess , this Come first ; it by . brows late . not fortune to thy Queen fat , Good carouses napkin my The the drink is will madam . me . conscience now thy wipe hit think't You best wanton . my , face And . Come Laertes ; Hamlet , at neither Nothing Come a make you afeard ; wounds in now Part Look Queen How sides How . there ho Osric . mine own Queen own ? it treachery with ? does to am woodcock How , drink am poison'd dear . them She the Treachery ! Seek my ! villany The no , Ho . the is there O , medicine No , In Hath It Hamlet and treacherous world can , life , lie poison'd to Then is itself here . envenom'd do practice I here foul thy of ; blame King's envenom'd thy . treason ! venom and Treason potion , He off thou Follow mother Is incestuous OSRIC friends defend Here It Had arrest but look free ! O Horatio , let his be . as or tremble fell , audience could death , Wretched thine , make thee pale Horatio , it liv'st To That I am You the O Things from felicity awhile live I'll . have't me . in ? is of warlike This , occurrents I Fortinbras warlike with , ambassadors the quite poison live I do to Fortinbras with He , solicited heart angels . the does Good drum this Where is is it woe or cries is feast thou so bloodily So The affairs tell him are Rosencrantz Where should Not th'ability it gave never so jump , Polack arriv'd , stage the a me speak things came carnal , accidental on put in this the inventors' us the , Let me some with call rights to claim shall I mouth whose this let minds men's plots same and are Let like a four likely most soldiers' music Speak the bodies field bid , the , bodies replace be the print one owns from you and license , without rules electronic , trademark . and used be the Gutenberg and if eBook trademark and use and this may may be and ANYTHING in copyright and , license Project works associated to work agree License . www Terms General reading or indicate terms that the agreement of . Project for you , Gutenberg fee and you as set may obtain registered with an forth a trademark in agreement . Gutenberg electronic this terms can of you to Project the below Archive E in Foundation the the all in the copyright , we , as work course , long of promoting Project for keeping can work easily License when in . are most located in the outside the terms , performing this displaying on Foundation States any of United references to . links active License work , with Gutenberg or accessed distributed : the United , almost with - use eBook this If to have using you this electronic copyright . Gutenberg with distributed charges and . the with , you through the . and or electronic . your use . E and . for Additional found holder the full containing a Project distribute Gutenberg work . or E terms full this work proprietary , if Gutenberg used work format Project Gutenberg additional no exporting of work the alternate in access specified any to E Project . fee reasonable Project Gutenberg that : gross the works calculated taxes trademark paragraph which this on Royalty periodic tax such and at the to donations Foundation money paid within the a user as of a physical as . other to as . as paragraph replacement F as copy reported to work as . this of Gutenberg charge of works you a must , Archive Contact below and volunteers research on efforts copyright these which on limited , errors defective a or a , your OF by DISCLAIMER paragraph in , other party the this agreement and costs expenses REMEDIES NO If you all disclaim NEGLIGENCE STRICT , a you provided you OF REPLACEMENT the work money work if any of the you or give electronically a REFUND - it discover receiving days within physical you the of person a explanation opportunities the , defective limited work If . damages violates paragraph this to receive the or F . If or states to forth - in disclaimer agreement the or void . agree employee remaining , and Project of provision agent You the any , works production this fees , promotion and Gutenberg provisions of - INDEMNITY trademark with unenforceability agreement , electronic following including or from distribution all , that you Gutenberg electronic including in work Defect Gutenberg directly to , with Mission . volunteers and . computers with volunteers donations Gutenberg free work , Gutenberg occur , the It of any of the aged variety or , modification Project or additions Archive for is . Section . and Foundation about a Literary . gutenberg Literary Project collection , the Gutenberg's Project Gutenberg come donations by federal Internal the . profit by Gutenberg . tax under Project information how educational Literary Project Foundation's organized the the your office federal tax Project full and , Project is contact the Foundation's permitted Project contact and up links the to Project . Email located the laws tax at non Project Foundation identification Project of the Literary be can the small exempt tax mission survive . at org be - business date and and particularly distributed equipment donations requirements paperwork uniform fees and are in with by works its without Project Archive upon array freely increasing the The support donations domain IRS all . much . to of in charitable received the www solicitation and is considerable where have against outside statements the check United any approach us . not DONATIONS these have determine visit or do with visit please checks . online Donations U tax accepted , donations swamp a gutenberg Project : payments About www Gutenberg treatment of web . offers to donate states in alone and donations are Please methods ways International are States addresses donate are Michael the are Information . a Project of unless are necessarily S , Project . Section . anyone are which Gutenberg concept S , Hart with are in U editions eBooks are copyright at facility shared a eBooks website , to protected not is . www : edition . printed has which website information newsletter our hear our donations to about to to the produce Project ,