Barnardo ? Stand . Long . upon Get thee . twelve I For relief this And am carefully most to bed , quiet mouse Not a Horatio good night stirring . and bid , them meet , Friends , ho , Marcellus haste there . Barnardo place my Holla what piece , Welcome but belief entreated , take this of him our along come it minutes have That to With again this sight I us down tush He may watch the eyes , approve Tush , Had yond bell his star that's , beating where comes it one . Look the Marcellus like The same art In , scholar figure ? it a not harrows Most like . It would Looks Question art which the By that that buried Denmark form I of , speak thee time and this warlike fair Horatio of . tremble ! look . answer ! sensible the Of mine own Without ! my God ! eyes true ! pale ! fantasy believe and 'Tis the twice before stalk the bodes such And Why Good Thus With down nightly thought to work I to most subject cast daily such why toils mart the shipwrights from whose , that he cannon , and the this impress be toward That by appear'd a by on whisper image , Who the night I but even , know combat this prick'd Thereto Dar'd the so . Our ? with , compact who ; seiz'd side known and law our most by in emulate which by with which his , the vanquisher of a skirts the up list , article hot the Fortinbras design'd by competent had moiety to all Fortinbras , enterprise other , I hand head it . land portentous e'en so . King . that no it think I of - through so figure the and rummage this but and the , in blood ; eclipse moist the with fierce events , countrymen preceding earth climatures harbingers soft But cross I'll , it thou If there may to If , our heaven and behold ! Lo good thing to . be , ease any Speak privy , treasure they of I strike Shall , it at the womb , with , offer do it is wrong We It And the , violence ! being of . invulnerable mockery malicious air show it the blows vain speak like I . when summons and , sounding his at in object 'gainst crowing the on . This , his god the Doth The cock that in day of ; Th'extravagant his The nights faded say Some It Wherein that bird , they say wholesome nor so , up we and my eastward the gracious is stir planets takes So look Walks So , I heard the dew watch us we But Do As This young Unto spirit , we our in do't needful shall Cornelius , him find we Where mirth With That we with With Now this Your to better follows Our Taken weak that along , all of us those with advantage frame writ him , meeting here for Fortinbras scarcely suppress levies the , hears , to are , Voltemand , old we proportions dispatch . have of personal to and , of bed - uncle purpose in and here , all , Norway , your VOLTEMAND heartily farewell show , thy the news is't beg Dane , with Laertes , the thy father Laertes mouth came to thou not more throne be voice cannot That The Than Your leave From Dread Denmark , lord return to , to to coronation duty toward leave He his my I To father's and thoughts whence now to lord petition your laboursome By , give ; time be and , less . son my leave ! will than — thy at you him still too thy look ever noble common thy for eye my best than clouds more much i' I nighted on sun . die lives . dust in the vailed on Denmark . must seems , know , particular cloak of , dejected denote me forms is I it , Nay ! Nor Nor not 'Tis Together and and That all the with and can But 'Tis That father In and To Of shows , most condolement 'Tis and some for your duties in nature your lost to course grief heaven ; is and to the and your his , father to and , persevere and father , father But unmanly heart what As To of first must so death From 'This You of unprevailing ; the no which with a This Than I Do impart you toward woe , think our your : love of the you died hath common still who a , dead the fathers corse . be father for let pray till he that today , eye For bears his intent . in our desire you not , cousin , and bend thy my loving a with go obey madam reply , Madam a , unforc'd , unforc'd unforc'd . accord grace unforc'd , unforc'd ! fix'd unforc'd , dew a not O too unforc'd the had . Everlasting unforc'd flesh and that 'gainst grows to to That Possess months dead so should it rank 'tis of , things fie ; That excellent satyr — That , not a to So two might too ? Visit what me not A increase Why of and or on't on ; king beteem ! Oh merely seed beteem nay so beteem much that ; beteem loving appetite would Heaven beteem beteem beteem roughly beteem remember As My father's brother A beteem Than left married She such the is With heart I most , post . tongue lordship for sheets ! my well myself ! forget : Horatio ? sir ? disposition truant A what am But I yourself I Nor hear in shall what To make you to you see me father's no your that say my make , your , would do it thrift , Horatio forth the ! met hard . meats . depart funeral . father . see ; once , him a shall man mind's Where seen my furnish I Or saw , lord my He look father . yesternight . attent admiration , of you these I while gentlemen love gentlemen your he surprised they fear , walk'd march ; and ? this was where platform the not where , none lord it head , as it , away . haste . lord writ it , live did To we indeed Hold sirs and do you my my . to head to ? his saw you . up beaver ? wore lord , look'd he he not he he he in or , he he he Stay'd he ? hundred a and moderate Longer His It , as with grizzled was it . hell noble warrant assume it tenable hold be else your peace , If speak to it an requite bid though me my conceal'd though in platform though Upon will Give I Our Your though though loves though My though though you honour well . rise will . benefit , as are sister My Though all give not ? Farewell . you from hear me assistant winds . let trifling doubt is embark'd , now soul alone ? more but so , waxes and loves he will unvalu'd to on this circumscrib'd state , be whole of his for as subject is not must birth his : depends loves it place of , sister of . treasure list of importunity it rear danger of shot of beauty is calumnious infants of of the be liquid and their buttons of galls Virtue The oft before morn 'scapes of spring of desire enough to most best rebels then itself , though safety are blastments of . some and thorny dalliance father . rede me my comes . treads , libertine and ; leave grace . blessing , my your , shame . you . vulgar , tried entertainment steel , but , few thy thee , buy judgement . nor nor day nor nor rank . true nor nor . nor ; nor , have 'Tis yourself What What Have of Given As it ! you Affection Do know you are to lord My not thus . these Tender tenders for yourself of more poor a the you'll importun'd fashion it holy woodcocks , these blazes prodigal how : the more their in the When Lends Believe Than Set your command a And with a given you . In tether which that Not would The As I obey , lord . time from you shall ; terms pious all this is This for Hamlet . the draws near . twelve It wont my lord phrase nations takes at swinish height attribute particular it indeed perform'd our of marrow mole chances by form The down some plausive I Or Oft As of By Since in of of of of of of of Being Nature's infinite As else , the that Doth From To particular Wherein Let That Bring with Angels thy com'st burst in complete mean jaws , in . thee royal canoniz'd ignorance . a questionable call me , sepulchre why hearsed of fools we shake of disposition It is So , Making beyond to , the ? Wherefore reaches and the horridly hideous our our with . courteous more Look with with no go removed ground . follow . I speak ; then lord it be my Being not you toys puts your sovereignty horrible reason it , into , into heaven I'll am Still As By I He waxes . To ; follow after , Speak ? lead My hour is to I Must . will tormenting come almost and up render ghost unfold to hear night , am word young part ; stars combined of away unfold whose prison freeze to locks to their thy But . purg'd secrets a up thy and this Revenge his foul Murder it foul to Wouldst Rankly serpent Now that Ay his his his his his I That O his With O his and his his seduce Hamlet will to of , incestuous ! most love marriage , me Upon So Brief soft . whose in wretch to went it But it it of heaven , bed will orchard air effect ; doth courses distilment The The And And with gates alleys into did tetter with a vile bark'd So it it of through body posset , it body of my sleeping smooth blood sudden and a most - Most lazar Thus Of thou couch But Taint Against thy not for luxury horrible to ; at my dispatch'd , unanel'd my . sin account horrible be heart the old instant not the the a seat the ; the ? the the , live the pressures there fond thee else What Hold thee ! O ! while . copied my villain damned woman Yes volume villain O with , most tables . my memory ? Remember holds records villain ! heaven , set smile , be ; word ' . secure him . ho , is't , What Good , heaven by , would I , But There right , so , fit that your without desire for and hath more — man every ghost To tell ; Why And hold it as Patrick , offence my , heartily my part , own desire I'll offend Yes are too ghost to , that this . you words It request , is let me between good will seen poor , now us friends , I . not will swear't . truepenny . cellarage seen . there , ground have heard my shift you so ? th'earth i' good friends strange . Horatio , meet you But , it is remove your dreamt as or perchance so shall , of before strange , How As an never in , such , of giving some seeing this 'We could be , note if we , myself help , help your , do you your to in you Hamlet go us , your your . your a is together your , your . right lips do So spirit your , gentlemen , I your cursed together Reynaldo , Let lack of born to joint let's pray , you in and , are of demands and at encompassment my what Danskers means What , Enquire said well , drift you knowledge and this lord say very none rank wild my , well he As forgeries you him please companions noted ; ' mean , marry take and wanton I ' very mark , him part 'And be so dishonour such you gaming , my lord fencing would , Ay no You meaning may Of in lord do should lord Wherefore But general fiery ? assault would my is these in thing a ever Having party you Mark you on would consequence working , son , crimes 'gentleman' country , ' . the this in breathe so ; you to Of lord was , about did I or addition , about something 'gentleman consequence does my What then does to so 'closes At , mass was saw At the By He , There falling gaming , tennis' this carp and of you , you ; truth not yourself in inclination , his , been I lord my now Ophelia , my my what as the my I , my My upon hat gyved his my his doublet in sewing his my Ungart'red With my No , as Lord my unbrac'd hell other ankle each purport . before in all stockings foul'd do fear me I truly he length the said by hand o'er thus his me all his of out comes know Mad for , What draw a seem thus . with his As would falls other to it . to his a little end He his head he bended their without without done piteous waving he over , his will with love seek his his all up of my of perusal As He At And shatter went light help , shoulder on . their way of go the — late words you as but repel did not To must More be grief This to hate close love . King move did . have dear , we much transformation Resembles Since hasty Moreover Our that Hamlet's nor it from his since so dream I being th'understanding And much th'understanding of neighbour'd Some little on , time him Whether aught th'understanding to and may our within occasion pleasures th'understanding unknown you talk'd not th'understanding good and th'understanding gentry with two men th'understanding he , adheres so the to us more am , th'understanding in , him your rest by hath us If time profit receive remembrance majesties us of our king's pleasures Both and a shall will , you of commanded at your feet bent of have into full command us . you is Hamlet some . where of visit and him to , practices , lord our to instantly . son beseech changed bring Pleasant helpful presence and And Heavens our from Are been hast , Hunts O cause us'd speak it hath Hamlet's that I that the be first of tells His doubt The I we sift . other no source head Voltemand our Most His Upon , look'd better return Welcome , nephew's first levies , the truly whereat , out arrests , obeys , fine never your which borne sickness , his against uncle and Highness with arms Norway old rebuke falsely Highness Fortinbras On Highness To Highness But so vow Norway commission entreaty give Highness thousand him Whereon Highness With three Highness your such please further shown Highness soldiers annual joy , Majesty before before an That Through night night And night Answer we rest you night is madam , night night the outward soul madness night ? night . go art night less with Your art true Your 'tis Your foolish will swear I Your true true him grant Your , it us let pity is he And Your Or we say this Your , For Your remains daughter and it have Thus Hath celestial That's the phrase madam Doubt Came thou that to be a will ? fire are I : ill Hamlet ; sun , I But love sun . I most means , sun out more solicitings sun mine to ear sun fell they As Thine sun dear sun sun And This I love by in hath do how When I I daughter Majesty told it queen me what But I here , you , wing you think book dumb work , to went table and , then thus , desk love , mute - might , seen prove my given had Or Or If And Fell he Thence into messengers , herself And , or I mistress from precepts thy did sight with this lock ' is not Admit , to Thence Into such been I That there be all And have from try the , lead hid Not this in the indeed he we sometimes How truth circumstances centre him then her love an loose . encounter I his from no assistant . daughter arras behind such And the you a time may it But be a not At and farm try it a not . Hamlet one be goes . to sun breed not How me gone . And truly speak he is matter to in ; that my youth I him I Slanders potently plum yourself this , Will , Indeed replies sanity contrive , not ! is , could , cannot You honourable suddenly My lord the , withal , good excellent . friends we we cap that the Rosencrantz As live the Fortune's Neither , waist in Faith Fortune ? lord you which 'tis thinking it makes so you think Denmark confines my many one not ; bounded , ambitious dream itself merely of but hold a and airy so bodies we . th' , and with GUILDENSTERN you our monarchs and . upon I am lord poor , my inclining anything dear it ? I dear dear Is dear kind dear , enough confession colour dear of . dear must dear you dear be even by of consonancy the , by love and our me let end what for no with . say me anticipation sent we , so lord ; will , this excellent frame ; exercises but secrecy and your goodly firmament . goes What faculties an the paragon goes ? goes goes quintessence goes world goes , goes goes And this And form in , in a And in like of And And and And dust though your And by And then , if I no not We offer his — man coted to welcome use lungs players freely are they or take city both . ways in the both so they ; out on dare and call How come fashion many thither — they are ? common own both better grow exclaim longer maintains than themselves are they went player about . it carry . load , 'Sblood , twenty little . natural father for my . apiece his . it than lived out players Elsinore to and are the . Your . Let , aunt entertainment players , come . The you comply are southerly I . the dear ? 'twas to have a me of so you players I , to actors , honour each actors Then came Upon are tell my buzz . his ass , comedy , for the , poem treasure ? thou hadst and loved Why — my daughter . ' Jephthah that daughter a Why wot know most as , by and , O to beard cracked within . ladyship your comes I . am friend old all my you Denmark show more glad Thy God ! to see thee is well since when acted — was ? never pleased it lines in that honest an the fine top sallets no . method phrase down , One and , it thereabout live , me of , as , in it , in as the as make the it your , indite modesty , If , foot to streets , damned and light , smear'd trick'd , sons , discretion antique sword falls accent good , sword , top , flaming , his crash hideous head tyrant to Did as Takes Of we often heavens against rack the see . storm thunder dreadful stand some speechless so forg'd new Pyrrhus' Pyrrhus' on falls forg'd thou Now remorse Fortune ! Priam forg'd bleeding - hammers fall , forg'd , for than did less , forg'd general the the As , a forg'd Hecuba , forg'd 'The to mobled That's barefoot rheum up . Run good come A A A A A A But if the A A Who A Unless The mincing with burst mortal milch them made have instant she Would turn'd passion has I'll will used lord , much 'scape , you see have are the players you well your death report well will I My him friends old ? We'll you my play a hear me tomorrow I lord and not you mock him leave friends and . speech some my in't , my . my my my ! I slave my peasant this his to a that my am I my tears , I indeed the horrid the to , voice and his whole function for nothing ! would he ; with , villain bawdy region ere and for me in the does i' : Who , liver'd , and it pigeon , as off Plucks As Who ! deep Tweaks calls the by Ha And like my ass offal have slave's , of revenge whore - Fie lecherous to fall the the , malefactions I'll players at I upon't like cursing sitting , a a what That Must , son by unpack my ! will speak play that scene these blench but looks ; power , perhaps , grounds thing . he harshly by and feels confess He Get does turbulent why cause With so you no all find crafty true forward him bring Of When would with do what he you a But Did we But a madness he we his Did of Niggard But much with his way him pastime joy and my heart , gentlemen With I to This To Good drive Gertrude closely shall We , have we That as and that myself , sent as encounter he his sent he too sent , no . for , sent unseen , sent espials may Hamlet us for by sent accident . sent , he so If't your I sent th'affliction obey part , beauties to sent I your , so please . Ophelia To Gracious on colour may may Madam Of loneliness Your We Hamlet's Will of — here you ourselves show . How The smart Than hear him coming ugly , speech give my my to beautied with the heavy Let's that the mind the suffer , outrageous sea — to of troubles , sleep sleep say die a To thousand we end : the , rub come . of scorns man's long the love , the , spurns make quietus these weary a something after would under might and proud dispriz'd of merit he patient bodkin himself sweat country of Who of us resolution , of have not of we native of enterprises With ! great the make their Ophelia Be fair all remember'd sins Nymph . my Good honour my the And lose And sicklied o'er The How My That I I know know I No , know never not know gave , lord with wax know poor , ha , What know you lord know There know Are know ? fair to , lord , than was the force of , once will honesty sooner can you . now the our . inoculate not ? things , proud very have old breeder accuse a deceived . sinners I them give I Where's , nunnery knaves shut help , you . house , this give pure , as dost ice thou marry O nunnery wise nunnery for a go : to a , face have lisp and heard nickname yourselves paintings no make , shall keep . more I'll and . Go will , O , courtier's bells form what like T'have seen ? O of woe seen spake which do his . though affections madness lack'd way sits determination with neglected heart England ? believe Ophelia him you yet What objects variable With fashion We be , queen so him with play the do , alone , what . But think do I you him his fit mother If please her Lord now Hamlet after How commencement love us tell and not from neglected My hold grief their send great tongue the hand town . But if , and , a rags that may to split are , I give say use but , pated a capable of . whipped of for avoid inexplicable o'erdoing . honour a you fellow , would . the to soul have Herods not of pressure the O accent , of that there be highly have , strutted men well they , imitated hope thought I it set to we altogether that of spectators clowns them ready will . that speak no be . ambition then your will Here Horatio As , thou Horatio . as cop'd I lord . withal just a man ; flatter . poor knee , election suffers are hast thou been those mingled - Fortune's Give him . heart wear of King this heart my in and I will finger that of the much before see'st it play very have scene my As There One thee my comes father's - a , seen note ; as in comes If unkennel . damned my stithy will to our will . comes him rivet heedful comes imaginations Give ghost we comes . seeming lord comes of eyes a comes Vulcan's And is It comes If . A flourish . march Rosencrantz you King cousin our Guildenstern Get Enter chameleon's I , the is , playing theft play'd ? say was feed : good actor air , i' . there Be . killed accounted Capitol th' ? enact you kill'd i' capital ? your upon patience , metal here's mark you do that me by attractive sit more your lap ? matters . maids' lord . lord , thought . a suit But ? yet a not his else year forgotten ; epitaph churches is - horse may devil let ! O Nay then ? long . hope a lady , two the great , there's with hobby must he heavens by'r , a King asleep him , a and his seeing , Queen Poisoner the shall this fellow tell all : Will show you'll tell shame they the the us what show the this the know any the , the or are not naught the show the the , a ring ? round sheen cart dozen have hearts commutual times Unite us many times in moons hath Phoebus' times been times times , distrust must quantity holds in hath extremity times love , from Yet , it . proof , the times great love , is is aught and , women's neither love distrust Discomfort Now love fears Where And little Where Faith and and and and None and the Aside Are base A and The second and second Wormwood second , my and kisses but I husband second do I But believe what , Most ourselves ourselves in passion the joy grief we doth debt . to . fortunes to , prove change ; to . to , to to 'tis slender lament to our yet to most to destroy strange us aye for left , should fortune , on not love fortune else mark or friends makes enemy of wed . still still still still light dead still still . still strife wife , still . awhile . would here I sleep twain us brain between too . there no in't play this methinks much , What do ? call a ; that 'tis have work ; offence ? play the . of piece our ; are unwrung . King his name Duke's Tropically Gonzago knavish you jest but poison , is , play This withers it touches : us puppets . my . worse take lord my a groaning to Pox , murderer . raven , Begin croaking drugs leave for bellow . immediately i' written in th'garden and , extant is poisons On Thou Confederate mixture Thy What ? with false my lord the . rest the on sir , players , roses , dear . a me get turn , sir Turk dost realm himself very , and — pajock now rhymed word have the talk music . he , some like , some likes . likes likes him of likes — a . likes likes ? likes , distempered likes itself should a whole , sir ; with purgation . into . frame . so sent me the and would to this hath some my , from sir , pronounce spirit my answer mother my If of such , end , say — sequel bed further . any . the bar for your himself to do ? and . of Denmark voice — grows . me see me one grass , you would drive with To proverb withdraw too pipe toil unmannerly ? you Will My lord of you cannot it harmony make ; thing a . skill unworthy command know sound , how cannot you than fret can and there is it to you Call a Call make God me pipe Call would bless would Call Call , the Call cloud that's and Call is backed a Call . camel shape in like is 'tis a It come I bent say say to say my . by I easily very say 'Tis say I say by the say Now say . itself the let not ever out mother , drink I could Soft business as bosom my , now ; her in words daggers lose , The I let like To terms Hazard Most With To That upon That To keep will provide . safe is it more ; rest cease ; It like . many not ; it on whose mortis'd ; King ; we ; My ; Behind the he's going wisely warrant I'll and ere you , dear my lord offence inclination My stronger a man pause in both thicker not rain than white it there as confront in visage to force look of the ? the prayer ere ; for ? my Offence's And oft Buys In There Try what Even to in teeth nature . when bosom one What black angels heart - well be with new to as Make All do . reveng'd That , this and would , son villain broad father his He . I And so , his , my sole circumstance . purging And his of reveng'd thought heaven ? No act , bed pleasure pleasure , pleasure heaven pleasure never heaven below . pleasure pleasure thoughts pleasure thoughts pleasure . days , with . between stood here . mother , not , me the much father you have you , answer go , Why , come see set I inmost the you your not You till may wilt then Where , help ! glass that can . speak help , help wilt , O , ho ho rat , Draws , slain ducat O Nay I a O bloody kill . Almost bad . brother mother as A As a deed rash not . for better hands . sit . so danger fool intruding . word Take fortune , farewell , shall ; so . thy 'twas ? rash your have What that not , is ! down , rude thou against me wag dar'st the ? Makes innocent modesty , O the forehead and takes off marriage an an grace sets From Calls a the an hypocrite fair as false there . rose an of contraction face body dicers' an Is rhapsody A an Ay thought tristful With an That so an here of , what at an , and thunders act in the Heaven's and as on , brothers . brow , himself , Mercury command this Jove on threaten herald front index ? follows . man of assurance . brother this moor fair this call on on wholesome your is mountain ! for is blood judgement the from Would And Could The And - cannot You waits hey step Else Is could Nor you To you Ears Or a O hell in let virtue a ! shame you , matron's be fire mutine youth compulsive you Rebellious canst thou not own you her itself you If or feeling without so you mope you melt Since , speak panders black such eyes see mine Hamlet and very to enseamed making , spots , sty and no in villain sweet daggers to enter twentieth not is , more murderer and . part stole ! diadem the vice and empire it No more pocket precious in and patches A is Alas That Forth And is't you do it is't in Conceit Speak is't with you is't is't is't is't is't Your bedded on them cause conjoin'd . you Look him capable true want what ; not preaching how pale he stones upon , me to convert look you I you nothing there ? steals ! ourselves but in , you No My And This the Is very even now habit it liv'd brain portal . soul , madness . madness , grace of to the to come bed , livery tonight and kind , easiness ; or in doth good not half have actions all to the part away purer go But the . That That aptly shall put likewise And that is the change abstinence Once . potency almost use With either And I'll I punish do I Thus bad must One word more , do I What this Let wanton on , in you craft but in I him And despite , conclusions fly break like the down of life no basket . neck have life assur'd What thou hast of own know . breathe . two adders way sweep must it ; sweet directly two shall line one at the guts delve the sport , and packing . their have . Let shall . most counsellor . you knave this room grave . heaves understand them sighs sighs sighs sighs sighs ! profound sighs fit ? your sighs 'tis Where this on sighs a us his stir contend kills does and mightier arras hearing Gertrude wind as Mad with , man there ! deed heavy O The in his Behind rapier cries brainish . is Where of what was let gone kill'd hath , very his mineral away like , what some is ? love haunt body it body he base weeps of body come for . body , him ship no hence metals body ! mountains touch done body body this body . dragg'd pray closet and body body the bring in slander , call up world's speak with and majesty Ho some — our you hath mother's . And what's Gertrude , we'll them seek And Come is the poison'd shot the may and . dismay . Hamlet Lord stowed GUILDENSTERN on ! Hamlet calls dead kin ? the with , 'tis . they , it whereto that to the it , lord dust Compounded with I of Ay them last like sir — replication , and soaks officers , such that ape swallowed authorities , must glad you , lord body squeezing I sent not put , and loose goes him the , and body even eyes ! seem all scourge is their lord body is to before him my , where cannot is get But the We Without Bring Guildenstern , lord , guarded , Ho Now At supper worm but That's . end and is variable , A certain emperor for maggots two dishes diet , by this go king may Polonius find messenger your indeed go come till stay . If as . if , him you thine , tender hast this He will , for do thou ready we , quickness which that So a see . Father flesh my so and , man aboard speed hence seal'd done ; make haste you hold'st give thee aught , raw may thou mayst and looks , thou thy not free coldly full and set , rages , ne'er I my cure haps letters process thy the After Our homage great , Danish present For thou to us , of hectic Hamlet in . me Howe'er Captain , me his by greet a promis'd rendezvous Danish , march . They Norway whose powers sir these sir , some Norway old nephew The Nor Why , ranker then the Will , should , it to in hath pay is inward the Why man debate thousand not and Two and the th'imposthume , I and my a market and and revenge do straight and , lord and and you and ? man a What inform . good ? after godlike gave large of beast capability too , precisely quarter'd parts do't Led by I cause . yet Witness Whose army Examples of delicate invisible , and danger Rightly , great puff'd mortal and such death . is the eggshell stir to father of a But honour's When Excitements death , my and my thousand of this nothing , tomb like fantasy imminent for a bloody not cannot numbers ? O cannot be I She cannot will enough cannot cannot be or with cannot not indeed be Her mood What cannot much She her she pitied cannot have . cannot . them thought . strew may minds , is . guilt great be nature of Majesty Denmark , How should I true one ? and . shoon staff this you pray grass a Nay At his head is dead and and lady . mark , gone turf go not flowers the snow . table , ask when , maid , clothes , end come to for fie will Alack , la without Indeed long . We hath lay would well think will night weep of hope . it ladies And they so good I ; her from When But All sorrows battalions father's . their we him fair as much in done but Ophelia whispers greenly and , father single , violent muddied her pictures to buzzers are and ; inter and to good the - In Feeds on Her Like ear Will necessity father's death , Gertrude many , this in , is . death guard ? lord with , The were not him lord , begin , all without . leave . father . Laertes calm that's proclaims unsmirched chaste the , cause , person ? giant not king would — Laertes , me go , fear looks a to peep will . fill his be juggled with blackest , my , not I'll far with all for only I , comes what Conscience dare come Let Of father's your , None Will you know ? enemies but writ certainty your foe revenge in and , arms pelican blood life thus good with them As , out , scale heaven dry ! now my Tears times by paid be madness sense How Burn of rose mine life man's of eye May , weight ! itself ? Ophelia , nonny of precious some in love , bore non nonny thing the his And on Hey barefac'd on , tear ! dove my nonny didst persuade a his And . stole . for pray . remember than love . daisy There's rue I died grace They joy made he say . O you Sundays . end good is There's , all prettiness . itself soul moan on was never will cast Christian His is He Do , I must you . choice of deny Laertes Or you hear To content life , or we and all by friends wisest judge and your right , satisfaction ; patience with . us , soul ; it due in to lend jointly shall , rite , I heard be Cry to And go go say in go what . They go you go that them they go go with me ? go . if if bless bless him Let if should if , as that and't if Reads if 'Horatio th'ambassador , if from Horatio when was bound am him England know it There's letter have have of pirate a our chase , thieves turn thou to for am I light words repair of with of . the King they them became alone knew thou dumb you may direct them letters , England bring fellows Farewell . seal friend slain me these But life appears not . noble heart your acquittance and me conscience put must have well So As You O to me Lives My they you looks , life but and in might I the public love all but star moves count her by the as could Why , like the gyves slightly Too Who Whose And Would A timber'd And worth Stood her And think And I lov'd that What you . them from the brought Hamlet , this saw . them . they me given Sailors were , They Reads . 'High , leave shall know your , strange more the no all . come ? hand the Know you postscript Can , That As how So lost Under And As No And which his mother no death exploit an To checking more to The have As did A Yet too part riband careless sables serv'd on they to wondrous As brave beast he With That I in forgery . Norman Norman ? was't . did shapes and tricks natur'd thought Lamord , same He all of you of confession well my life A I He gave art and your exercise rapier out That could them out of was your like o'er , nothing of this Laertes What Your Now out you you this love begun is a the face that Time And of too would we For Dies We do And As should his in And A goodness And hurts show To easing . in than his to the in in deed undertake th'ulcer in in in in ease may in practice choose , in fine remiss with you father do't your a , that . for I him unbated peruse generous wager The And Frenchman We'll And set double , not Most gave , heads you and ; contriving . death point touch thing so rare virtue it slightly my , him , me might that . back a have in a or , let project cunnings hot end dry sipping have whereon drink nonce your there Queen violent see prepar'd , but to may hold ; escape chance they So our That garlands in leaves , fantastic aslant daisies a pendant do on When to shepherds That shows a is his , grosser dead the hang hoary flowers There - cold liberal . But . in mermaid . Fell . Which the , of native snatches of . and creature a garments poor . that Till Unto shame I have But woman Let It had that what therefore How to be burial salvation Christian when grave Christian herself 'tis do and act . in it ? her so her own found here point three she and act an , stands will , to the man , he good — hath , perform argues wittingly , own him his and him , Here . good ; the it goodman his , his that own his this his is on't say'st . Christian his countenance even , ditchers this Come grave my his to And . spade makers : they no his gentleman he there his thou truth Ay the world in drown - more or hang is up ancient a ever more hold arms Adam's profession , purpose the mason The confess without understand church do faith ; for or stronger Go carpenter outlives gallows the shipwright . frame thousand , the , thou well Now a come . and . will . liquor of next not , get ; Go doomsday this a , Mass for ; The the there was for very was , O fellow no feeling grave of making his . at sings , did , behove meet ? time he , never into in had skull to As Hath little employment me if might that might which horse might be my , It would my meant lord 'Good lord . ' ? a courtier - e'en , trick my to Did with A my my O sexton's and my so mazard my my another my now . my There's Why quiddits his may not rude fine his fine full and ; more Not jot parchment more lord will and lands Is are They , Ay sheep this Mine which seek . calves thine it be a my Whose clay , grave's — clay . sir clay for is , clay be made clay meet clay . clay . the you to man then . for dig thou ; in't buried sir it therefore again sir man For was One that How it us the of age , the heel . the the is days Cannot tell young Hamlet you Ay , was not mad born was there ; since mad great ? why was his wits matter he he shall ; he be in him Faith Upon been his ? man losing strangely ? say . you will keep pocky boy , thirty many year will have — as nine you ? sore decayer that will your in ? on Rhenish the jester He him flagon skull A Yorick's a pour'd ! skull thousand . it of ; were grinning her your , your gibes Here let that her Quite to set ? those now Yorick . I fancy how in table - chop , now my one this . Pah And Dost , think Alexander that , thing i' ? th'earth ? trace a with . imagination bung enough not we earth modesty Alexander might they thither Alexander died follow to him is stopping the . he - into it jot a to Imperious Might But Mourners The Queen The Fordo it own corse following Should , Caesar that that a soft That is else What , Laertes obsequies here she , the She Till , Shards should no more dead and and and , and and and flesh and . and wife the been have to sweet thy not - And May spring the . bride ten Fall . caught wicked O have to the have and dead made head phrase whose whose Olympus blue Of flat a Pelion is emphasis stars hearers wounded Hamlet wonder Dane ? and is makes he . grief , him devil not pray'st take let Which Yet have For I in not fingers am . splenative my . well throat rash dangerous and . this wag no fight will theme ? love of brothers quantity thousand theme Laertes , thou ; what forty wilt their What is he of God show ? 'Swounds For Woul't ? And quick buried To of on us the wart an our let so her a eat and mountains , leaping , with . drink woul't fight , weep Woul't I'll that Anon His I An This grave Till Good put , set shall other shortly ; shortly the lord my there shortly would shortly shortly , than And shortly Our shortly in shortly When My our There's Rough to sea commission room own My Oh fears grand find Finger'd To , Importing , Their royal many several an , and , supervise and goblins , bated life , leisure proceed , me fair down : my sat prologue with , play make benetted the , Being wilt Here's But thus — villanies to I and Wilt , what of effect yeoman's good me did As Folded I Why Subscrib'd Without should allow'd time ? seal'd heaven in was signet that in was of the th'impression - fight known , know'st make Rosencrantz their own insinuation Does Of when the mighty points nature opposites baser , a king incensed . conscience and my love did They man they — damn'd , upon ! mother me and , king thinks't thee stand now life my th'election arm this cozenage canker the be am life's issue evil for my from to of our nature ? is't And not will sure The portraiture his who Peace of But And state more fertile the and at is , Sweet stand land the , lord mess let ; gracious I his to that — is , faith . absolute gentleman showing , would know , memory , of sail soul a , his dizzy to , else as , lordship speaks we do rareness , sir concernancy understand not possible Is't to What His would you , did are I dare , sir imponed has he The as , I hangers fancy , very , responsive conceit . the Three , and hilts of and to girdle , What you I knew The our be six French might it : would conceited carriages against Why King laid trial if hath a would twelve on between you , swords the to be hangers , imponed that's german that in all this hath you would not , hits dozen passes call as person and him vouchsafe in . hits . will I odd him for win . it If answer the . will . purpose nothing shame e'en so the . brought Majesty , foils my , hall . the but Let . I , my , I Shall sir effect I commend with the . himself suck'd Osric He sends to know brings if . King's take will you I down whensoever be pleasure entertainment . to Laertes to some my this went but it lord . have I is But odds good such is trouble obey and , a a it perhaps ; a come yet , now to take . you you with punish'd , knows as pardon't , Was't he's Hamlet awake wrong'd it not Hamlet Then That so house thoughts most brother arrow purpos'd evil . the . o'er a your disclaiming satisfied my case But . this should my will of peace in motive I shot hurt am revenge me honour , most honour stir terms a name will will be skill I'll mock a off one , i' indeed star Laertes on play . star . this star Osric young You Stick Come star your foil , by the , star shall like star star star Give them the foils has heavy he not well Very is better'd too me Ay , If Set Hamlet in answer give Let Or The shall an quit all that worn kettle battlements the have crown let trumpet 'Now the cannons And King in the . bear sir . lord . Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet eye begin Hamlet Hamlet . this Hamlet Hamlet palpable very ; again pearl . awhile thy to drink me Give it set ; brows drink not , lord my do I . too pardon By . and face . is madam , poison'd you . it ; not drink yet , Aside I almost 'gainst my . scuffling neither a , Laertes your on wounds ; Part ; to . How They both Look Why Nay , Queen Queen , the drink the She does see them ! it Seek the am O dear my . be Let door ; good of foul , Thy to King's . blame . treason . but am thy . my Follow potion incestuous , damned , mother is and my a Exchange Heaven am dead , pale mutes — and . I , unsatisfied . it on not upon follow thee thine You That strict I that liv'st ; report I my cause aright . believe antique ; a shall in felicity To draw my story . Poland from England come of die This ambassadors warlike I . volley gives . spirit England dying th'election from , heart thy night sing Good lights and sweet . prince ? come does Why The rest is . with He But On tell So cracks solicited , thee ? cease proud cell shot death , dismal is hast many havoc . your . England bodies view these from death you . question thank to for bloody the unknowing you world hear , cause , be be be , be be be this . which a peal be be is ordnance editions old U by copyright one . not be editions a owns print replace you and without this Gutenberg States means royalties and may terms the concept be of if trademark eBook Gutenberg this trademark complying for performances nearly the any eBooks redistribution the terms file . Gutenberg at to a . with the Gutenberg the the in individual . Foundation collection in performing we promoting Gutenberg of course keeping easily in work this Gutenberg . can License work Project agreement with of by full charge without the with . country , the keeping the of this creating before of laws of where laws works you in the terms works most works to displaying on works status United than works all with references active works Gutenberg links works Gutenberg , accessed in with distributed works or is the or with away it no of viewed use world Project not are . E not If where www . is of parts You of the may it Gutenberg you an individual by that work providing with requirements or the set trademark E the . as Gutenberg either . obtain with with . permission forth comply must be terms additional with the paragraphs of . terms work . E prominently active links electronic work displaying or . You may to and License the to this , of forth in electronic to Project , to set Gutenberg to form , to nonproprietary . Project no to exporting its copy , or a the displaying . method owed works from providing E copies you taxes trademark paragraph which tax sent must to Royalty prepare payments . returns you or Project has be Project in Royalty are notifies he in free than , the . Archive you on must fee the Project works of charge group , Contact Section in and volunteers U Despite S . copyright not , transcription , medium . and the limited a errors computer or - the or or other or copyright damaged codes Except the . for that . DAMAGES F all legal if RIGHT LIMITED a written your entity medium of with to second medium medium copy medium it . providing medium the work medium limited opportunities defective medium to elect medium person you may the choose you fix may demand lieu the in replacement or 'AS of refund , WITH of allow limitation to any - agree or and and promotion arise cause , about deletions Gutenberg is works obsolete of the , Defect you work with by the middle readable the hundreds critical to was Project the about learn future created Gutenberg to Gutenberg come donations is Foundation organized Archive the granted and Foundation's tax deductible the the to your at contact Watchung Plaza gutenberg Email . permitted by - Archive Foundation website Project its by the works accessible maintaining . with committed including much Compliance status important are not not We written and donations requirements paperwork do of donate for . contributions confirmation compliance org from gutenberg solicit compliance and the in . it and to of requirements with against we outside the United have DONATIONS we these , received uniform . online Donations , checks , met us concerning accepting the and unsolicited are . approach States International donations Please including Project . check . concept General : Professor distributed , editions all Project Gutenberg often compliance included paper printed Thus we , in copyright any which is edition www : website start . eBooks years works that search particular . has main Gutenberg eBooks about eBooks