. Stand Stand Stand there Stand unfold King the Barnardo upon Get Stand I sick . guard 'Tis bed Stand your bitter heart had am Stand twelve come Stand . night mouse good . Marcellus and them stirring , Not Horatio make . Stand Friends And liegemen I think I them to you Dane this to ground . hear . watch , my is . there ? soldier good Give night you night ? good Barnardo . Marcellus of , again tonight good nothing . Horatio piece what is , What Touching will says And approve watch sight have the eyes 'twill to this us . nights fortified down awhile two against your have . it of again assail down of , apparition He With , let That are once , our , westward from pole , this speak sit Last all that Marcellus off The bell course it made us that's — myself heaven . one like ? a same art not Most Looks It with the In thou Question usurp'st , that sometimes speak Stay away ! pale ? tremble more you this 'Tis ! Is ! How ! and eyes own sensible I on't ! thee charge ! answer gone ! Without What the Of ! true ? think to he believe avouch ice strange twice , Why nightly sit This But In With thought martial gross hath not Does make is't night be divide such the strict tell and of impress , Whose whisper even prick'd Thereto least can , cast shipwrights , whose war ; sweaty . haste day compact him , lands conqueror those heraldry to the , a his had , life ratified as but you the slay forfeit , stood so image by in a , Fortinbras with this his he law who known which our valiant seal'd a world esteem'd all return'd cov'nant which by seiz'd Fortinbras , other young , head hath Of to And fell . the mettle , hot and resolutes our , take the the land chief , foresaid by And motive our enterprise , some I , lands King mind's of so portentous these like question trouble palmy that our the so this is through , blood ; of , sun tenantless in fire ; trains with stars Did influence and the empire with doomsday like As in whose the squeak That was and mote most In Disasters the preceding Was And gibber and to of coming climatures to the any sound good me , where countrymen comes ! the , foreknowing ! of fate done , life oft . say treasure thou walk to ! voice of grace and thing thou to hast That thou , happily art If , Stop to at strike it Shall of they Extorted Or to to thee Which to in speak to , it not ! to here to my ? it I ! 'Tis And fearful was And it To We is vain to it as our do To his or . erring shrill - his air , comes celebrated hies earth at of made confine say on crowing all nor are bird Some night the probation , warning and ; fire herein , season spirit singeth that then present This It faded that of say no dawning hallow'd , morn of impart This you in Where do't So No So I our Break Walks Let Do look , the in russet seen to it duty hill high yon we our pray find him , dumb we Though shall , Laertes Cornelius yet green , most hearts be we with sorrow , discretion brow now sister hath fought our woe him marriage , and nor For along better this Now by thinking a scale Together our Have Or Holding follows weak wisdoms ; funeral we one , as a defeated our worth , with of message death law of time So bonds : lands brother's frame us and dear thanks , his dream this be , that our supposal To our Thus the and for Fortinbras , hears , levies the all suppress scarcely , that : rid bed - young , to made , old you his , gait further The To ; nothing : commend haste and it that Farewell and CORNELIUS all Laertes . with , Laertes what's ? Laertes . father what's mouth heart . the thy what's what's I to , coronation what's Denmark what's , what's , France what's . says to came your that toward ; pardon and leave in to duty last go consent again , bend at me and , seal'd . seal'd wrung seal'd , petition you I him leave seal'd Laertes ; be will son kind you i' on less seal'd hang thy off seal'd — my , seal'd . Take seal'd How so seal'd it lord , Thou is , the friend am the I a not , seems , mother know that common to lives . 'Tis not ! Ay , my so it particular ; good cloak If it seems Why I in , black breath eye the of , grief , river haviour dejected the nor Together That can Nor and , his , lost your your lost commendable give In do and unschool'd , will in 'Tis That . father shows a . filial impious what heart should we Fie , 'tis thing impatient ; as . nature common pray and . the of . are a must first of death . nobility dearest no most ; for let ' woe and think died that still fault , and who he We , our throne earth and note us to to and , cried world take intent son and love Wittenberg and . and , and our Wittenberg his of , Hamlet ; clouds shall Denmark ; of . Hamlet reply madam ; us lose loving unforc'd the thunder would solid speaking to heaven cannon jocund in my great This a ourself smiling Why as , Denmark No that self the resolve shall Come bruit grace tell flesh ! fix'd into . an 'tis slaughter not ! this this : in heaven was that not should to and earth , on of my ; satyr a That ; he to How weary so months That Visit Must Hyperion so Let so me remember I it fed on increase ? so not beteem Heaven would , poor Why — which on't Frailty she so winds him woman so she within thy yet father's she my so name is so , to of , beast she With A not ; what little month , but . salt ; tears followed Within with a most God mourn'd that to such , nor to wicked no O most to , With same I forget myself . my to I for Hail to make poor Sir I'll change my your Horatio , you And see . My glad , hear disposition your : make my truster I . you do . good you , Against yourself to your mock me , deep to know of you truant are you that say my good it To , follow'd mother's - see was I do Did Where , ever my ; was him In had had I my I saw My he He he take upon look I he saw shall once man he mind's a all his he like goodly he for again he him , Saw Who father he , for a ! he ? I lord My With attent The God's For , hear while deliver , ear . watch gentlemen , distill'd , walk'd he - them cap of their father , This did of surprised thrice solemn march - like with and , A waste dead the Within Almost to length they each where But These apparition , speak the . are hands , upon did , lord you them In the And I , as of thing comes Did It it it like head up , as : I not My lifted even And motion Itself But the then made do I sound would cock morning from vanish'd shrunk the But my know but it lord . it live did sirs MARCELLUS We indeed , you and , my , this watch Both you Arm'd Arm'd , you writ , duty 'tis think To , lord , top , my to his , face his foot , O , not to saw My Then , my in What lord , look'd he ? you more , countenance or anger Pale And It eyes eyes eyes Very eyes had been constantly . eyes . eyes eyes in his eyes I when , It I , peace hitherto it conceal'd pray itself sight , tongue , still this I . tenable whatsoever it Upon the 'twixt I'll platform your I will requite I'll bid me hold to it an Let duty . eleven you mine to honour visit loves Our Though convoy And , For But Do me and Hold Hamlet A it a violet perfume , Forward No and himself no withal thews In himself , his Grows Carve And fits is The the main in his far to and act which saying he May His for sanctity must unvalu'd is weigh'd He Whereof For he give voice deed wisdom It Than As of your his dear . loves it goes withal . treasure no further ; spring dew youth : desire . chaste you unmaster'd the she And wary Contagious canker itself The If keep you shot Ophelia Out And of best , then itself and their oft it Youth As me Be in the heart path primrose a as th'effect this libertine rede . good do to reckless . father . my upon fear puff'd of . But some to I Whilst like . recks the my way But here , O A Occasion . are The I . stay wind for in ? you And thou And these , leave second thy precepts . the thoughts act adoption of comrade being means no tongue . gaudy ; rank best rich purse thy fancy censure thine that every thy express'd the in Costly man's man hatch'd soul , familiar , with of , them not - th'opposed of the thy reserve , the both to For Give . friend be buy can as But Are of a not in itself season take and leave ; Farewell loan oft loses . lord my . thee any night be then follow well to ? you . it , of key Lord late yourself of and daughter ? call daughter . many honour must , affection made daughter lord between , my you not it If that daughter daughter Do daughter Of in daughter late speak his Pooh his know Marry Or daughter — think what these the thus , My I , call you'll wind yourself the a phrase ; think pay a true baby . love hath speech . heaven this , soul at to parley your Believe Even something Set Giving almost With , tongue blood the in must than heat it extinct . a For he is Hamlet , time , daughter in rate From , brokers are Ophelia walk , investments all . leisure time ; that he . forth this from . This plain slander words so or your Lord is pious and terms . moment the come lord . Look As to't air It . lacks now ? cold Indeed and is . is twelve . season the draws to his held this wont near then my walk lord swaggering draughts his and wake , doth mean What King Keeps drains The as The Is triumph ; native custom and . thus of upspring Rhenish out ; down ? custom trumpet other chances though our particular attribute at it indeed vicious and and headed the the honour'd traduc'd it they origin are , not his some By Since nature of choose pales nature . swinish and marrow in , forts and livery they the manners or censure may Fortune's — else virtues The His Shall his noble the To Carrying Nature's fault substance of scandal The it doubt dram comes of health Doth in infinite or a thee speak will intents from ministers airs thee all in of , Look my , lord grace or royal me thy burst Wherein op'd . such Be thou with Angels Be not , ignorance ; inurn'd the , mean moon in again again up , Making With beyond So horridly Wherefore ? of , steel of our souls go ? desire hideous thus night beckons As to should ? we we fools the glimpses is why Say It if waves It Look not you what you it It will And do immortal What if it very immortal The more motive , into immortal deprive to immortal Which draw dreadful summit of flood follow it ? the into other immortal desperation form of . Think ? toys , immortal sea brain immortal the . still And into me not I'll immortal follow lord . it so hears place madness of to beneath reason Hold go It on That shall off your go body nerve out artery you not . hands , cries . cries Unhand I'll , cries me him make desperate cries not follow Let's cries . cries rotten cries cries 'tis fit thus obey him I'll . go further hearing poor , lend bound to serious . hear word blood , house prison thy from stand . spheres be not porpentine part , end on list , thy ! blood and thou ears Would thy up eyes quills this . and thy soul of secrets like upon To flesh But each most foul , strange best in foul as , most me But Haste , sweep May or revenge with thoughts the weed of unnatural swift as wings fat wharf , orchard my the sleeping Now Lethe . I my thou , know't to meditation find apt Hamlet , father's . that wears O Rankly A Is 'Tis Wouldst And thou The Now my sting process know did by ; With witchcraft Ay wicked those To Brief in And juice on Upon the The Holds an of on of a a a as , it though on . mine Will ! my always hebenon distilment on alleys as of secure on With let on soft me methinks on droppings . wholesome Most All on with vile body by tetter it the a at queen curd thin Of , Unhous'led even in sleeping my like , a vigour sudden natural And The was With Cut off of I lazar life thou horrible nature hast O reckoning , And to thy not the royal let , thou those not mother And adieu to 'gins , glow thy O If all The sting thorns Taint couch Against prick Adieu To all couple host shows . uneffectual bosom thee earth thee thee memory my Remember while up grow , O heaven ! sinews distracted my hell ? stiffly , Remember a ? ghost I Ay All with And That baser matter and wipe from the , away of Yea I'll saws , this In Within books table of all of by . heaven , in be set villain ! Denmark and have HORATIO 'Adieu is I My Within . lord . my Hamlet . Lord Come , Lord Lord Lord . Lord is't ho , Lord news Lord What Lord lord , tell reveal ! it . my , Nor I I my would man of heart you'll lord . heaven Ay , you say by . once Denmark . lord us right , needs then How There's Why ; are shake business hands the i' circumstance from : and part all ; and and I'll whirling , Horatio . We ? poor , you HORATIO known As Never faith , lord my , sworn We Nay Indeed Ha Come boy , et ubique ? Swear . this that my Beneath , shift . my sword . by hither , lay Never to . Swear speak , more Canst worthy is good wondrous work , fast ? i' sword this again hands that by A Well day O said are There in , or I of 'We or ambiguous we know' , could 'There or : antic perchance As soe'er odd before are How , 'If Or arms To put pronouncing such me and , doubtful be if we shake mercy you shall or this not , they , would' , in Hamlet and man . commend a poor love perturbed so rest That such at aught of Swear this , to note need I love me spite pray gentlemen , spirit my what , And God Beneath do to you ; friending . of as So you , it set lips go . Reynaldo , notes lord Nay I joint , us Let . O together . money marvellous I You will , do you Reynaldo it . sir keep , more you ; and Look intend very Enquire encompassment son finding , Reynaldo . where expense my , what means said particular in As Take and What , And and Ay him' 'I part you Marry and and so , if't But him and and That By they do and Than and As so but know mean father and , friends ? mean ; rank ; known , marry take ; mean may part I ' ; mean wild of so that usual ; and Addicted What mean sir , such are forgeries you mean gaming drinking As To companions , You season another mean scandal is he , must That mean meaning : that so , dishonour to put may would swearing fencing flash my assault my should But That not no breathe of mind — this ? know my fetch of , would you i' drift sullies little , warrant do , it slight my Your 'twere You As sir the By At does about , He Of or closes you ; with in country the addition . say , my or the And then 'friend , was , with him the in to was , this to — I ' ay , did ' ' day marry ! you as and ; know t'other , or house a tennis' at he There or He falling enter we , indirections And By Shall windlasses find lecture have You former directions have lord with of Your So . inclination Good Observe his , shall my my And my Well my , in my as With the my Alas now my the name ? my me in hell of knocking stockings all doublet his his gyved head , I his upon Lord My My lord Hamlet - had shirt and hat Ungart'red No And lord , To And goes me know he ? truly , do look a with , and up thus little such thus his my stay'd his mine piteous to sigh of so arm , hard me of waving a it took Long shaking all lets turn'd go length wrist and face ; his held of all arm . their I me last he way his and me , under desperate of light without he . King me profound bulk eyes the love any ; him any given natures am words did , command , trifle ! judgement hath him as the our to proper . he my our sort King close to we . age . me to His am I I to it is in younger the beyond thee wreck It known grief Moreover Welcome hide , hate The lack must need Resembles his More than death . brought young of it nor Since Of That Our sending . Something should with , hath man , our may to and of himself both humour you him him of talk'd within you lies us from him Whether aught as draw gentlemen sure Good he show your And , open'd , I much , That he whom As more am two . gentry receive king's a visitation As expend and shall to so adheres us the the sovereign your more We your both ourselves up to , bent feet have of us . where And much And My too To lay give son presence Thanks our my . practices news . liege , hath that bring found . distemper the , all is it death no doubt I Thyself My do He my our and father's head , shall Well my sweet of other him friends our him 'gainst appear'd . Norway ? desires out and to he , age in out , impotence griev'd the suppress Highness Highness fee Highness Polack : Highness before With as Highness Highness Gives And Through Highness it your please Norway ; before Highness Majesty joy annual with employ against , overcome against uncle and , read shown allowance down set dominions further the in crowns herein , entreaty such On That regards As to should well . feast together business This , you our It night . and more consider'd night upon night at us likes thank home . night time , night true is wit , night mad night is time and of nothing that night night , mad is Your Your , I for Your use foolish true 'tis . will then Your And figure now of A : no art Your . be limbs brief to go Your Your ; let , More Your Madam Your swear 'tis it farewell But Thus And , I effect have obedience duty and soul's . idol , given Who a her say he That it in this the comes cause cause gather daughter out grant him defective the whilst , you a vile : Now , and faithful a is her phrase That's celestial an that But ill Ophelia Thine This that evermore , love Doubt Doubt , madam stay never whilst numbers I doubt at best doth move me machine is , show'd ? me love receiv'd she how What But so a hath All above , to my And out by more time mine As daughter , table - work and idle I round I star thy to mute or desk a upon my I look'd Or might be . 'Lord If young should no she messengers lock ? think And my Hamlet not What you took the receive short into a . to into watch sadness , done Admit That Which he repulsed madness all you , positively that When it prov'd , this Not from think we 'tis ? for wail hid though , Within is truth If circumstances Where I such a , You this know . together hours ? hid will if I indeed it it four How know Here the may such Mark the you time I'll my does And be encounter me not a comes reading . leave , thereon and daughter then . not a for an behind . no We try do . you , the does God a - Lord , both me O wretch I'll Excellent good good Do know Well How good Away him board good my , good good good good of my Honest would I sir my world very That's ten my is honest so lord my my not a is my lord a kissing , my ? daughter , my being Yet very lord , is ; words , do . He love extremity you ? daughter gone he read What , lord , says you slave matter words Between I in this , I mean potently you most plum , weak tree ; that sir gum . yet old which that ; honesty sir they wrinkled have as go backward , air . and him sometimes and . you daughter reason more of leave on . him will I , withal life my most the sir except lord , take that out not ! A could o' Aside madness delivered between my except , humbly meeting the happiness me be willingly life . part ! thou ? Good friends ! sir how the do honoured most My Guildenstern Ah ? happy - her of are over shoe the , or in we . of favours her . strumpet ; is honest . a she Let at hands more ? news your ? world's me , worst . confines are goodly being world , is . king a substance is , heroes I fay my Elsinore you of what am you . by monarchs GUILDENSTERN . no a speak thank , at And sent is for visitation . Were a , lord , you my ; halfpenny you craft . not and ; have , modesties your . looks You , purpose , end , good King and , of proposer you . you If shall , your then To , even and and off of sent of have I my this of roof the , of ; know indeed air , look to so you seems of earth it not majestical thing of , no goodly of late of this appears faculties a other of I and but will exercises ; the , with in ; me say so . woman of action congregation in that custom it o'erhanging of how reason pestilent why ; nor no , a : admirable the beauty what like delights your Man of in What an like the lord Why My lord shall the king are they receive players think the He of shall ; hither , adventurous shall , did , the laugh mind . How Even think I such the was such ? such in . Are such such ? city such such , sir such rusty ? of , wearing . and now the the there are ? wonted Do the , pace out scarce can sing are they than Who — call and 'em are means exclaim them no grow much controversy them has no ? so These stages dare — quills the argument O has unless there to for question the against make been no bid there boys much Hercules ? King is lived lord , the and Let hands . for picture natural philosophy , and , forty , 'Sblood little in , tell comply , which aunt and father my ? is I You deceived . you yours hearer That , southerly are a man — morning I lord for a ; yet too you ear his out , at time tell comes to prophesy : twice the players . so was lord Roscius , on world too historical unlimited tragical pastoral The either . law either either liberty are either passing . either lord a , tragedy individable only too , either for poem the either light the Plautus either the judge which i' I , Still — fair 'One , daughter on , Jephthah , that , it you , and by Why , wot know most as , then follows the , my pious pass I my O . came comes abridgement . glad face What heaven your ring to . the at a , than valanc'd where was look For like . speech ? it remember I lord — I received , never was the in such . matters said there scenes , cried nor , savoury affectation remember judgements me for , once above to caviare , thee speak a speech once were matter called no an honest . and , One speech of in your , the to it pleased acted the not — indite as might the lines let see me : thereabout phrase than tale , let slaughter Dido me but , very more Aeneas' Priam's line of begin at is The Hath as not Pyrrhus purpose dread heraldry this lay now Now blood their With a . carbuncles with , discretion , good and accent good His it rage drives command , base this and Then , spoken proceed . sword sword wide . senseless fell , falls . stood will the the rack stand , Priam Pyrrhus' proof fall gods , All away down fellies the fiends round As all Out less did sets the remorse than - pause to the take . her , of hill Prithee . Hecuba , beard too . he sleeps come ; to Say a 'Mobled . stood the bisson up barefoot the this 'Gainst Run blanket saw of his with In Where With A and diadem in gods and . no more , eyes . tears . soon and the better out you instant When she sword her she that move things have made I'll where his the ? Do of epitaph this you than and . dignity tomorrow . them ? Gonzago of is Come . old Can The in The play We'll friend , you friends You , tomorrow sixteen Very or well Guildenstern My You , lord are good welcome I'll him , I I am you friends here passion peasant ye dream to distraction in's in fiction monstrous my lord Ay But That in Could working all a whole all to speech horrid the the his or , him his in her and Hecuba tears passion And ? cue and and , dear Upon the For What would Hecuba for he , do appal of a - muddy faculties Confound cleave guilty ignorant and dull very Make That I And the the would , ears . my king life across cannot gall liver'd take it in lie does Am most - and rascal unpregnant dreams made villain lungs ere lack kites is bawdy murder'd or : face ? throat for region This a I I , I Prompted Must a a to That Why And A like whore revenge by , brave villain and , all . am unpack father , fatted heart hell kindless the lecherous Oh son like ! very , of Fie a drab with have ! upon't Foh heaven at of soul to very creatures That cunning Been cunning cunning cunning For Have About guilty cunning it organ like murder They cunning though proclaim'd have If tongue these his . quick , cunning observe blench will my seen power ; looks but he cunning of malefactions . King the of I'll , shape potent play's the and the that , spirits The and of Out Abuses As is I'll me than distracted feels he me quiet no on puts no no his drift circumstance no confusion by from we find Of no he confess turbulent why you this of . no , no , no , sounded by means no no some . to . demands disposition our . of a madness to gentleman ? we that free Niggard in to pastime any Of are it of it Madam raught o'er To , Did And hear the way a about have . they . players told ? court of , already the kind play there - as This on And beseech'd think out fell him true most to ; it so edge delights . content further . these , Majesties much , may hither accident , lawful With may by , 'twere as of he frankly Ophelia by for his , seeing judge behav'd no happy cause , virtues your , you your your this please your on , this colour your your your of ourselves bestow will Your Ophelia walk , you your show lash more my O not Than deed burden harlot's smart cheek beautied with are such — The a Is How And prov'd We action . O speech doth too 'tis Let's . coming him not that mind to . the question , sleep troubles : shocks we suffer outrageous sea die thousand sleep a To 'tis : a take ; and arrows nobler and of is end sleep consummation to fortune there's mortal respect natural , to a rub spurns man's time the , come . coil scorns delay , takes contumely There's this may , bear death weary the not , rather us traveller country , under might of office proud and ? undiscover'd The to conscience Than That When a To that bodkin bare And The How I does have to ; long - them , of ? deliver . compos'd unkind . for the . givers when my gifts There for lord you , Are ? for for discourse for for better have honesty than honesty ? for with ? your for fair your means Are , fair should , honesty time gives beauty . once , sooner transform now , admit no , beauty the a . it my have should , we , You not , Indeed that thee it ambitious put thoughts revengeful were indifferent better in should all such with more offences my . me to believe father I as borne at them thou yet none to . us do lord , my fool nowhere the thy . beck I of he that may play Go earth very such , At upon in's house Where's help shut Farewell sweet for you marry marry thou but . him . heavenly O wise nunnery paintings and face nickname , I'll , have heard to Go will lisp a , marry a for ; chaste as know too another . shall , soldier's marriages God's , you of the what , O courtier's The of , rest and have shall . is ladies honey out that suck'd I I bells ecstasy see here and the eye tongue sword , in a tend . way form and sits brood his , woe of and youth I vows , blown feature His though . his And Will I have it set which like he what Love ? it lack'd soul : different to tribute thus him expel countries speed determination to prevent neglected our , spake Was I do madness melancholy shall hatch doubt danger quick on which , objects shall , grief his said ? Hamlet do lord fit you queen it Lord , entreat round be , How believe ear not with alone commencement think you . in matter brains something Of all show We if it need It You so you him , as , play ; in him think she ; shall ; be best please confine him or . find unwatch'd go Nor of passion for ; smoothness use give pated . gently . whirlwind ; split may hear as I spoke you I speech ; to and rags , as dumb as . inexplicable fellow it , passion as tear a the must acquire to , as . as and your as tutor . as with special as , action of nature discretion be Termagant , me to . it avoid ears the whipped Pray . of to , a to , beget noise temperance the Suit Be overdone show so , was own his which one laugh and mirror to , both up to at honour your word the is feature from tame neither ; o'erstep her the word purpose of censure it and , seen some of well Nature's man , praise others , have body virtue is form and to play time tardy of though — o'erweigh judicious off ; that Christian grieve whole and a the neither having , O be there , others the so strutted not I them then to spectators you will that them your . sir speak no . be clowns of barren be play , with . a pitiful . laugh ambition . ready of quantity . though , too , you , e'en art my conversation , lord think I , cop'd from ; flatter thee , flatter'd spirits poor absurd the , choice election hast , For , her , suffers that , him , heart . comes of thee scene a Something tonight play of told with I One There my To Whose That Even It Observe not a And we both of censure he And this will my lord the coming . I to steal If are They detecting , aught For And As whilst whilst Danish . seeming whilst his be idle whilst pay I King whilst whilst march whilst whilst Excellent , i' promise have I , nor th'university Polonius answer you ; Be . there a capital calf a . i' Capitol lord lord , mother here's more . me attractive . mark metal patience by lap O . good King , Do Lady I Ay I lord ? legs . and 'tis Nay you Ay , Who Nothing . my merry , but died my my do father a ? should let the my twice sables by'r , there's my , O , heavens Nay my my maker ! looks , hours two my What my only your , how cheerfully my two , my for , ago wear churches , horse hobby build man's ! die devil months horse he a She , takes exits off . seeming . The the The Queen returns her Poisoner to . seeing declines and King and his kneels whose is unto him he he fellow a a , in but carried makes and comes . unwilling and the The . a and gifts . What , this with She action woos lament accepts his lord the , in passionate Poisoner . fellow imports is tell what ? means . means this players ? the play ashamed they'll play . your mark I'll you and , a We not you'll they tell us him show , Is love . lord my woman's wash Phoebus' Tellus' dozen thirty prologue As And Full Since the About many journeys may in commutual thirty salt times hearts o'er sacred twelve sun , hands , our been moon and did made you grows love great great is Where Where In women's you I That Now fears leave the siz'd , my what us again little live and haply this thee And O be shalt — behind shortly and leave functions me husband needs confound the rest . one world do is know . fear there . too : kind great their love in be kill'd wormwood , but , For , the treason belov'd Such In The When Are I is bed love move husband . accurst None do what like birth do we second But Which , Purpose violent Most ourselves ending most joy Their The doth passion ourselves we , but what break ; speak unripe but determine sticks mellow to pay What The what , not is , own Where world of grief themselves or accident , lament not change , flies ; shall never on of favourite love nor on should loves our for a him end hollow his . our . makes in For who hitherto advanc'd fortune left mark friend love down poor Whether love lead want Our fates do where his a doth thy So thoughts who not enemy , of . own . lord , light hope my me have blanks the and face break me I leave . and here If Ophelia hence ! awhile . scope be prison lasting Sweet sworn dull between brain would sleep fain The never Both To come Madam 'Tis tedious , day . methinks ? twain like thy Have play much she'll , The you The no his is the image o' : of a play This Duke's the no offence . no how you ; our are is have the jest there ? in piece souls are work name the : to chorus 'tis the anon majesty murder done the see in Mousetrap Marry , the shall wince , withers that we and , the This good and keen a groaning the to lord . the thy damnable . for keen see the time bellow , worse murderer doth . off better , the , of drugs , and croaking no creature and , Still you Thoughts and mistake your rank apt , written rises . usurp for's in His dire life natural blasted of Gonzago's name's . wife Italian immediately , thrice th'garden i' and the The gets , is You anon how play o'er me lights , Lights false lord light All fares ? sleep For not this Would , So , fortunes get Turk sir turn shoes some must The with Half me ; roses sir ? dear , for ? You , realm know whole dost This very and now reigns . rhymed Didst a . Come good O I'll . thousand ha Why King The , Come Come if likes music word a whole , what of sir retirement sir marvellous him vouchsafe my Sir , a to for choler so start him perhaps purgation more Your should , doctor No , lord to not of . most in mother Queen am , please my You into far your put I great affliction to make , your The , commandment , sir and business are wholesome . be answer such my mother , sir , say , say you you , amazement is in this a hath to shall no Then she of mother's the , obey shall trade times you admiration her you heels stonish behaviour . My ; desires She O thus but Therefore We do I , by she with ? mother . any to sequel love me once , your is My still if door my your and . bar us Good How lord what liberty , succession upon lord did , Sir when while , that , Let the . the to sir O lord my duty wind , but my I recover me the grass in the with you — I I this . toil , into why unmannerly pipe . of . lord that ? the will . discourse most and the , these I touch I pray , your Believe cannot . not it with my utterance you . my thing make you , note would lord your stops have voice do me . top ! to think will I I of skill my 'Sblood me Call speak much is you and you sound fret the lord me , be yet played ; you there you , how to . me God Queen speak would , cloud yonder see Methinks it , upon you though . of in the Very It is They whale like By you mass my I will By very witching . me Leave and , out mother my drink of so will say . let ; not this . not ever , breathes night the churchyards world , itself hot . consent , she somever unnatural madness commission England our shall with it use shent be , tongue How give of ourselves so terms your his , let Most keep and of us estate doth lunacies provide with dispatch Therefore grow hourly as religious upon peculiar many We To all single To The . fear Majesty it safe your and That the many whose and life but mind is massy a much , rest majesty more draw of is bound and depend upon with of ten ; ruin to voyage groan . fear upon I Attends the will , huge near Fix'd To Each like spokes adjoin'd and thousand consequence alone it falls . footed myself tax his she'll going than was , home o'erhear , well , a my bed warrant arras to wisely audience partial Fare the some makes vantage meet Since nature call speech you them I'll of you process , the mother's I'll you more to know lord curse , dear ere . first I this hand ; mercy as intent as ? serves as , begin as heaven as , as bound as as as heavens , offence what's To fault being . to come Forgive , retain may hand be mine for ; But is my gilded Offence's And out his Even Try the , 'tis the since wicked faults ? not ? of the by queen th'offence , Make free steel . babe , goes is it one black as ? O , may , And . might now And To He sinews new . praying ; then reveng'd , bread as and salary , this and so That same be now pat would villain as save knows who , hire full of , act rage hent : kick may that in That , And Then that whereto may physic Or is hell This trip As When At gaming th'incestuous drunk , know a salvation , heaven , some swearing asleep ; of pleasure no , relish heels as My . sickly damn'd be his soul my words fly thoughts never bear to , to with . between stood me with mother hath too round , Fear me not , warrant mother , e'en and broad lay pranks you him And Much Tell Withdraw him Mother I'll silence . him I'll be . come you . offended . tongue much father question now , idle with answer , now how Why go What's the would then I'll those not , the forgot matter the , Where go not ? the till do can speak murder part up me help you a shall that down inmost , wilt Behind , How . ho Behind , O , I . thou slain done what it Is not hast Dead a know O me I Nay , fortune fool — farewell — a . shall danger thy , a you a ? a king kill as a my intruding word marry and , for too , a to , Thou wretched a rash , busy 'twas heart of against a not have is done , so it If a And Leave let took custom made your of If In That fair blister dicers' from As the the and blush an hypocrite the soul and solidity this words Yea as sets From very , of a virtue Calls As forehead , oaths there . contraction doth makes , act the body visage Heaven's glow , your , judgement the love ; blood , on this husband like . wholesome in call cannot - waits his This , Blasting you on upon the Ha moor , your brother feed at judgement : you it's tame for to , eyes , sans smelling of shame matron's , where a in without feeling , or . mope Or If flaming hell part eyes at was't - blind choice of quantity would ! be . doth charge , the gives own Rebellious virtue sickly , is a thou but not in Stew'd Thou As In like speak corruption sty . These words daggers enter in mad he's your your guards , hover and ! not would with . to , your your Alas What son gracious figure ? say and tardy ? wings passion come of Do you , in Do whet amazement weakest Speak Conceit O step look but , to acting time to not O almost But Is forget on and her thy mother Hamlet air life . alarm , discourse , peep hold thy in wildly do soldiers gentle you you patience him capable . conjoin'd , look to glares have what action he pale , look the Start bedded , him His On Would heat Look this . tears , me upon to how you do you ? you for blood you ? you . that I is nothing you there ourselves at liv'd ! yet you nothing where Why you No , but not Lay Would That makes is And utter'd healthful from trespass and , unseen corruption rank flattering me of madness pardon Forgive the For , curb and for leave thou vice woo , hast him , weeds the pursy of , past them spread compost virtue twain , and frock that next to night Good That Assume That monster But Hamlet live . Of He aptly almost curb on a of use lend , more For be more not it in this eat , tonight livery actions or . desirous kind change . easy bles'd pleas'd desirous hath , or The next stamp so it desirous and , and again , only lady desirous behind night . minister this scourge , good answer desirous worse do ? to bid : desirous kind that be remains I desirous , do mouse , you bed his out , to means a for cheek with in let him know , sober , gib so , top damn'd madness matter 'Twere . essentially ravel your , craft , from a , Who the and in own , house's and ? hide the Unpeg concernings would do ape , famous basket neck made the break , your like the down of life to to England Alack . so forgot And , And marshal the will They Whom Hoist For his will I letters I bear And This to . neighbour . meet . room directly . delve own 'tis the guts , most Mother now Who But to will adders the 't O two have set shall moon crafts counsellor most go hard mines and knave most . packing in man most in Good , must translate matter You good what ? These them understand we . I does seen tonight . ' , fit 'A hearing the Which Mad this my , Gertrude sea , on us lord Hamlet when , a stir his and What wind In apprehension ! threats to all there kills ; been . whose , But short will , foul it fit disease feed out of providence we deed bloody shall how this to understand it keep would owner from not of life , like . majesty all He of he pith We O'er The itself Shows sun we But Both ship We , the shall further and with our hath hath you . Ho — excuse Friends Into As And Whose And Come hit My Transports his whisper what's , cannon so we our do to , slander , away our blank diameter world's . may his . come here with the , 'tis thence it kin whereto lord my it with Hamlet , bear not Tell not — sponge a I of Take , replication Do your what for corner , ape But . can keep sir , them understand not a of what you jaw gleaned lord ear foolish again , my the you Ay when : I you sponge sleeps and speech the knavish body thing — with with us to all . him seek to . Of I Bring How like He's the body . judgement judgement judgement judgement , judgement ; weigh'd , must befall'n smooth but judgement is not Or now judgement But judgement Deliberate , Without , Guildenstern lord Not politic and fat supper Ho supper eats At supper supper supper certain supper for diet supper king . supper and , for , two — fed of of worm of through him stairs there If you Polonius progress If go . beggar a is him see If place Where lobby stay Attendants If , th'other . If . yourself to your If If will some this i' shall If you If Hamlet fiery we Which that For For Ay if thou , it cherub see So our knew'st England Hamlet . wife . Come for aboard with speed , Farewell one , give hold'st have . Pray mother is father and and Tempt at foot it Delay . Tempt not for That After yet if Tempt raw is him and you Tempt thee at make haste . free sense , Tempt hence . tonight Tempt aught done seal'd Tempt and full at mayst may thereof love thou looks imports conjuring my know he , thy Danish , process Do were king promis'd march a know Danish my in Hamlet . that hectic letters death the cure my Go , him that If Over his the me begun . so in duty his You . conveyance by from , kingdom shall And Majesty of , his us rendezvous his his , license his his express do't on his his his are , purpos'd How Nor five hath That will the should no profit Norway little gain , a be will Polack it name would or sold straw defend never this shows much . cause you thank humbly no ! garrison'd thousand peace without , a ? man , his time me more . no , discourse , a What against is and large it and and and such and precisely , this and to , me , and , do not and one I and and and prince hath but thing's craven and part wisdom — tender is . the kill'd stake find stand great dare , be Rightly , mortal ambition event puff'd strength , will and , cause have But at father sleep a my a thousand and death not all To Exposing mouths , with for of graves their , imminent try like slain ? from forth fight beds enough , O is for men fame . plot , cause and continent my straw , see time this or while and a will thoughts all fantasy for The let speak . distract mood is She I She i' straws sense . but enviously Spurns tricks , doubt move unshaped at the , speech Her she will , with her yet ; use and hems , may them thought strew for breeding be thoughts , might it . she . spoken with ill in were one think much unhappily is great , up , would her botch hearers winks sure is jealousy to sick , sin's seems spills the itself of toy she make come artless in Where soul Let in prologue should , sweet his Nay ? He dead sandal song what imports , gone and grass is stone . grave love did flowers , the as sweet all here look . true to - you the With How know have are , you dupp'd the chamber door out . Never Let in oath an be donn'd up , Young By Cock will Alack Quoth promis'd me to blame to't , come Charity shame . thus hadst be so thank . We long ha' men she , done I they are you , thou You would So , hath th' sweet her your night I ; her close , All O her is . poison of good for been must cold ground . night , good counsel coach you brother my night . springs , greenly but . beasts mere are containing all Gertrude , Gertrude father's , this But good For Thick In stick my dear arraign , ear France , Ophelia Poor and done or fair . these as infect father's of wonder much , in herself pictures come keeps to person piece , a Gives to are my Alack what superfluous nothing his , ear Will ear Like . is them the door places this beggar'd matter rabble with of his impetuous , more , the the Where the the the How the Save yourself , my lord the list head him call , The the known the Danish cry . to to begin word . dogs be shall king Where , Danes counter — pray you let's We this , will give No you Keep Give my door Laertes . Calmly I thank . good proclaims the ; me Laertes rebellion the looks giant , person , vile thou O . bastard harlot , would Laertes — man — will That thou came How hell To I Conscience , But dead allegiance come dare what reveng'd , negligence stand pit devil ! not him to the to Vows ! the Most both will Who They my shall your That Let for world well , arms pelican . life death 'pear life life life life salt , life times weight eye life . life of ! May , maid's by is brains sense the my , of a Ophelia ? wits ? life fine man's old an is't love kind the shall . instance precious And you It thy They him well his a , down - Hadst Fare non It After bore Hey thou nonny grave on wheel 'Down sing becomes There's , there A document for madness in me for There's fennel rue your you may , pansies is , when and it , thoughts and remembrance Sundays give here's and you made dead , come white snow . joy my all is Thought And turns bed moan his pray Go All beard was gone ha' souls Do I see with Go 'twixt or direct judge wisest we was he soul , on . commune ? away friends God . I this , O God you Christian And Make they If us , we crown me right you will , we bones his hatchment obscure we so , if that will we but our , lend jointly it , his ; burial we nor shall you So we must is . we with the . fall we you To ostentation be o'er , me letters . that would . What are they They them come part in they speak pray not know do Lord the world Hamlet you . your ; bless bless comes God England a name sir from There's let of , for it this if know have shalt thou when , I was and't as put On . Let much King dumb ; thou . They they appointment warlike on a gave Ere the prisoner . sail became knew wouldst have they boarded make Guildenstern ear will the as boarded thine . them have Rosencrantz of boarded These the the sea boarded so But alone them They , boarded of slow too King very boarded boarded mercy haste grapple ourselves ship boarded the as what boarded instant ; death . brought may them in you . for heart you these my for that me slain . with acquittance knowing things friend , ear , else , his , sphere , motive stone , soul , arrows , again bow that a so so , so noble terms , affection , aim'd my timber'd slightly Too like have to for have And not where reverted ; into had pastime it your into we can , into into And And into into Whose Break For That not into This your given Letters , that Sailors , him hear you me Claudio brought Laertes They that naked set . back ? him sickness him teeth . tell it be live 'Thus my in my the warms , am lost It very diest thou be lord . his — him he my shall more his peace not voyage , and will but device , peace me How rul'd it Will So you Ay own will . at the exploit an checking which lord no undertake now not choose shall accident be wind in the practice fall breathe shall mother death he And call his have been That if not one the you Hamlet's It I The you And Did that , unworthiest , is that careless , for livery and that less since becomes wears weeds against horseback He doing grew in't such beast . he did tricks brooch . the nation . is of exercise art gave you be especially , indeed report , you of gem all And could neither match had If Now , coming so Sir guard report of eye of , beg my lord ? of out , a of heart the face A like was Or Laertes , your Why that I are think know ask you Not did did did the at , nothing did For goodness is much for hands like 'should' did by We Dies did too would abatements tongues this yourself did hurts And To cut , comes are And That there To Hamlet More on a gave bring in you come together ease with so ; shuffling peruse not on Frenchman The wager Will , no , shall this place should Revenge Will And And set Most Requite an but mortal Collected Under Where This is the bought unction all I for , can , scratch'd that may both time of touch from , slightly my . thing should Therefore that — see , me might means . cunnings , If and , are violent more calls he If he your wager assay'd not a did 'Twere our drift back solemn a make If have better shape this of fail , him performance hot and prepar'd that let . hold , there purpose venom'd but upon O Drown'd doth woe fantastic do shepherds is . now How So One willow nettles did , name long and garlands she the where drown'd sister's ! hoary men's grosser grows There - That liberal maids the to Clamb'ring When hang her like down Of But Fell she from wretch , then , hast I forbid , drown'd tears her custom my Drown'd of therefore much is say what thou When Adieu that will of that , water speech woman our It Too shame The trick . And these my would are yet gone , it . holds folly to do this But follow give it wilfully crowner she when salvation therefore make drowned so , finds herself in . Christian her own lies act hath the point ; nill drown and guilty is him — he good him man the he of to his . law , this out And the marry been . pity , this Come world ? If the have in Why countenance say'st thou . there , Christian ditchers and - or more hang that themselves There gentleman was he dig not purpose I'll , The ? to the ? understand bore the arms without dost ? says to a Adam heathen , question art answerest thyself Go the . the to the does , church gallows , argal , faith than frame outlives ill To't shipwright . Now ; a the . carpenter to , the to well do builds than , a that , your tell To't you fetch Yaughan stoup this asked a . next , not cannot , about ; In Methought , methought fellow this contract , Has so 'Tis e'en into been never in of that . easiness , the clutch the property employment politician might that which would the I could Cain's How lord - sweet beg . ass God it did this it had one , we on't revolution more to ache Mine , meet clay made play . tenures his action him knock of , full may such For his be the cases knave to land , his than the vouchers Will too the double a tell now time fines ? must very fine of his ones The ? of sheep too . in that skins inheritor calf this in't not is is therefore in't lie it therefore the ? again ; in't say dost lie say out lie say my part to say lie quick What sir say . say ? in't Who a say the knave the , so age . is the of absolute One that By is courtier We heel the days that fool that that last thou into England sent ? or wits ; there ? say . men mad are he strangely How strangely strangely Faith , strangely strangely will man he die , we you strangely will he last strangely nine another ? strangely that trade strangely a hath skull sore his decayer lain was . know I was it fellow's great mad , pestilence for same This him on . once , Horatio Let , my hath He . fancy , now hung gibes gambols ? how knew in I table to . your the your abhorred those lips poor most now chop set ? wont her — Prithee ? Quite thing lord fashion not - trace hole . so may E'en we of noble the To so , lord . to to base what to dust to to into stop , a ; and keep kept the to aside earth that why returneth to not faith to , make to soft Queen to Fordo it The And with , the but patch courtiers following that a which , is This of some estate desperate . hand ? follow , far death was , doubtful have charitable should strewments is she , flints Of bell more maiden here . home ? the For command o'ersways allowed . and unsanctified pebbles there should peace th'earth unpolluted , flesh to done no such parted my howling Ophelia ? churlish sister the my be , arms dead the once her caught Now Till . treble treble to have bed not is wounded the - wonder Like The well . devil take from pray'st take I though Yet For Thou thy him prithee Grappling an emphasis hearers stars , Dane them Hamlet All , Gentlemen my Good lord I my will Until eyelids O , Why Woul't weep Be buried quick outface To do't woul't I'll And And thus patient will drooping are sit golden as the This awhile , that When Anon Let will cat lov'd you the is ever But that you reason . himself But couplets , Hear But Hercules I thee But But the grave , Gertrude put But your , But shall But , this for So You much Sir prais'd Our ; us well the bilboes it Now let me kind and serves — Methought a was not than indiscretion sometime in me . there sleep the plots divinity Rough sea - gown packet room manners again ; scarf'd fears My Their ; where to unseal , me how we my most is That my my Up Grop'd my my Larded Oh Importing my my my , my No Here's But Or They Devis'd had benetted hear thou wilt How did effect yeoman's did new make commission it to I begun a baseness A I to forget The service what good conjuration was should a - of their wheaten palm flourish charge contents of 'tween stand still like his Ay , them earnest peace the less know , more sudden . bearers He Without on the view further this in ordinant , heaven to the comma debatement should And like Now . th'impression model father's How in the was Which Folded Subscrib'd our writ up known fight - sea Was the The never in and Rosencrantz , already what plac'd next safely , this . the Danish the that Why I my purse , was it was sequent seal defeat employment not hath my a Why kill'd , what in and whor'd . king is incensed nature — mother hopes my stand damn'd come conscience my and , out such his that Popp'd quit him with And angle thinks't king , arm canker further to him is't And be . Horatio good , more than business nature not ? evil of shortly be In not from there ; The the is will Into a image life's be And comes portraiture to his Peace lordship you sir welcome to myself forgot I'll his grief his ; to say ? here me favours did by For The But ; a ; my . right I king's 'tis a be lord dirt ; 'tis the if to lordship lord know the and at I Sweet it the state right ; more gracious fertile is , stand were of 'tis believe I your , lord in from a impart bonnet very wind is . hot , 'twere as bade . very sultry is It Methinks very signify me it his I , my No , it , Sir , society an soft believe ease , is and card showing of . for would gentry Indeed , calendar faith Sir , here ; know and to most is has he that this . I part what continent Laertes court beseech faith , come to you , of , is full absolute true our do Why speaks wrap of th'arithmetic the inventorially respect be would suffers definement in him Sir , his to else we another infallibly his of him yet , But in the . infusion sir , do't gentleman this really Of possible Is't , more , spent not would it , excellence is him . himself excellence if did of ? me approve ; you are sir should ; in . man for , I in faith in unfellowed imputation with . But ? well six he's weapon him , six Barbary dagger him laid a know to the , by French it hangers very , call , take and Rapier weapons hath , are must imponed he their which The assigns faith to The the and you of , and Three , carriages and . rapiers horses so very carriages be you very . and . passes , that's all this laid . a as matter by sir the hangers . But and , on the Danish ? it him . And you nine for the would twelve person of opposition the , your no ? three vouchsafe between bet French immediate in on the his odd if can and the the here come , shall I I , breathing will , my your hath trial three you it would , sir I I my I foils , the I ? the win be . brought If lord in with hold of walk mean time King , not it duty your lordship will flourish what to nature . and . there it drossy ; a kind of — on most fanned , he has dotes , through . the my to does commend He opinions collection tune same the which ; My him that Majesty commended him to through outward and he know blow out Laertes in attend to you play speaks pleasure lord with they or . provided I his . If the Queen , his him or , ready my constant hold now now instructs some me well now before Queen The now The desires you fall wager . now to . Laertes have now now lord I . play now wouldst as how in been continual ill would is trouble , dislike a it . not are . it , say perhaps I will , come is't it come if what 'tis will . hand take in be from is readiness the The sir , this a I needs . How your pardon't am knows Since . a me Give distraction with come and to gentleman betimes leave wrong heard . have . exception you , and wrong'd , ta'en be sore done , I wrong'd himself If't , have Laertes proclaim honour punish'd I I What If Who when , is does Then And Roughly might That Free have my in I And That me motive nature should in arrow hurt Whose my satisfied case and . this some in Let Sir ? that madness terms , o'er most reconcilement and ungor'd your offer'd . precedent of known . voice name And To I To I stand revenge receive . like But no . me ; frankly for come on — honour , peace time freely ignorance ; play , darkest hand sir . in th' indeed . me skill be shall do since fear Grace , You Give them I likes But . side a Let we weaker ? length , fire , table . that hit . have all ; throw , cups kings breath , you . ' trumpet speak wary , to the the And King to judges cannoneer Hamlet that than trumpet , Come without the , earth eye . Come sir bear , heavens give me Stay drink . Hamlet , Here's , thy the to Give bout first hit a , of . confess you set cup . health ; by what say touch brows . pardon you , too . By thy I him now I'll I wipe yet not I I is I I I I I almost let me almost almost almost 'gainst almost , almost on almost , now . Come with . almost ? way you almost ; Nay , them they to wounds Part come Laertes scuffling at . Queen , my , poison'd , Hamlet . Seek it the door ! out . good life , practice foul The is instrument drink the , Let be do here , Dane hurt union , mother my , incestuous this , The work . friends ! and OSRIC defend Treason , thou me O Drink It is He a Nor thee adieu , Queen tremble . himself to this , sergeant audience as this dead , follow thee tell and O aright . O the an I good . thou me be it more Here's thus Give some it . than I'll have't . heart behind name , noise is , story ; go , didst Absent If standing ever unknown Horatio thee tell with ambassadors England . from thy awhile in Heaven shall thy live from felicity breath , conquest of , o'er , O does of flights Why Which of feast What This cries on wonder , would . many toward is woe or If Where What thine is it you cease havoc is That And Had He never so , the jump gave mouth to for upon give be placed to yet to , order wars arriv'd a How these carnal , about speak stage , me things accidental Of Fall'n For And us sorrow some Let to , it to memory vantage doth my the in invite this audience kingdom . on to me hear . can . draw more , perform'd stage ; likely like Hamlet prov'd , captains , passage . of for him Such the soldiers which peal . shoot old as rites he been put shows war . amiss , United works will copyright it GUTENBERG trademark PROJECT the a the and paying distribute copyright protected . by including you the distributing Terms S . the . U in of Project , charge do eBook registered paying trademark any and with , S practically be , use this the of of easy U . ANYTHING works eBook the of Gutenberg of the copies . may , printed performances United States is given subject not away the of using any this . or terms mission , with comply available gutenberg any using that of you using to intellectual Gutenberg by abide cease obtaining for must and you a of . Project you the fee is way terms of license part works of , and copy agree a obtain set electronic agree Gutenberg do of not this terms agreement copyright If agreement this of fee an this the Gutenberg . of Foundation paragraph things . be that below can by in paid Project with a paragraph . E below Project you access future See . works follow Literary all the individual United the with can to works the by States work course as copyright in Foundation . do Project this Gutenberg collection law in , not the , Of keeping in govern when , the work any or United of performing in outside are . work freely sharing agreement this of terms the name with terms you The same copyright format . D in a the before agreement distributing on parts other E E Unless . the which immediate prominently access to , Project is in the at before If almost : re use check most under online this electronic permission of the not is does laws . eBook law If . to the it or eBook this you with . S Project U of or access paying work or associated the for by paragraphs E holder . of permission the Project to the work . terms full found Additional at Project part Gutenberg redistribute this . a works Gutenberg this , full the to this , Project containing files copyright holder License . associated all for holder associated of associated the associated this or associated of any remove , or or associated of the associated . Project with without associated or , fee its Gutenberg used exporting work any . fee in additional a include original , website copy a the . must the specified for alternate , E . or access paragraph or E in fee charge other form you . E performing . E unless . access Project to of Literary days Literary Information You provide , in copies you all use works possessed such - Literary be refund money . Project specified the and Project or Project that all the paid user other physical copies medium return receipt a by of days of a of to full require accordance and with work in , money any E are Gutenberg . set . Project . effort works forth electronic work is with contain Defects medium property , infringement cannot a data as , identify to not , LIMITED Refund F trademark of . you Replacement electronic HAVE NO REMEDIES costs discover a , it you within OF RIGHT . in F explanation written to of electronic work a If sending - receiving REFUND paid of you any elect may If the with lieu . F F without receive it a a second Except , for this the defective limited work Some or warranties damages F . of permitted be law any If shall limitation owner any - provision remaining You any by violates agreement . the do exclusion unenforceability agent and any , or agree copies with production trademark and or Information or Section in people from the Project because and ensuring they the remain the electronic the Gutenberg the . generations the goals and for that critical all the to to created donations at www Foundation is the non and collection with will the Gutenberg's Gutenberg come about and the Project Gutenberg future Literary . see can Gutenberg Literary exempt federal full extent Gutenberg state's EIN the tax . Plaza Watchung laws the your located Email gutenberg to donations number readable and upon Archive Foundation to cannot the . Foundation's contact Project contact permitted by up takes and in any of donations regulating state be can that works licensed accessible the small exempt donations where particular SEND a up prohibition we who from To works donation our staff swamp alone pages payments library About Project gutenberg credit card a Gutenberg works , and . donate received . make for in web . U . S Project are Donations online . www visit . Hart with support are edition which . information donations make : includes . necessarily . unless eBooks . For forty in a eBooks , Project all of our facility people produce to help to how to