Stand unfold . your Stand ? Stand Stand Stand Stand Stand . guard ? stirring night meet watch , do my of hear I think I rivals them soldier to . this good , farewell Barnardo has my honest Dane , night ? there Horatio , is hath good Give Say , this thing Horatio . Horatio has appear'd again . With Touching not us He sit Well us all Barnardo of speak of the westward nights against 'twill your awhile down Sit again pole myself — Look King that's again . to the comes it with ? like it In would and me harrows to . night Denmark warlike spoke be thou . Stay It is majesty that it See speak 'Tis now , gone think What ! on't than ? look ? this might you ! true , the ! like ! armour ! once Is God Of he he smote was the Polacks . jump 'Tis before gross particular martial With In what , hath gone he When now Good the at this dead that , whose . our watch haste the ? night is't labourer ; so inform me sweaty implements cast the and daily strict why And And nightly foreign such Why Does mart for from that this week . day most emulate appear'd with , shipwrights the toward - that . last Our to known who , all heraldry competent lands , can That whisper know on you even I valiant by , his conqueror ; compact , those return'd design'd by ; and , sir here enterprise , Fortinbras young of skirts unimproved Of food As So That it to lost motive our compulsatory , And haste post Is father main this - think Well trouble and most the The with trains dews Roman of palmy mightiest gibber sun Neptune's ere little graves squeak the to fire and of Julius fell Rome . figure portentous this that through armed That it to the is stood in stars Upon even prologue soft , and earth still coming where the like preceding Unto our And As influence of and moist stands fierce with the fates avoid country's may grace be me , demonstrated on together Lo , If may If I'll But cross it Which art Speak thee if say it strike at it hast thou That of treasure they Marcellus ! and , it 'Tis 'Tis here gone ! Shall not here so of invulnerable crew . cock , majestical ! the blows air to a , cock lofty day and the fearful his is it then Upon it wrong The Awake Whether To dawning of wholesome say Wherein The then , our that crowing is all spirit no Saviour's gracious is no power singeth , stir long hies . season cock , hill , clad mantle by my speak with it , duty to , him , upon will acquaint fitting this . charm to believe . in do and the young Do This Let Hamlet to we in the watch dumb consent Where Cornelius Laertes Voltemand , Attendant and , I yet our bear The memory . death conveniently I and , find most Though be To , our , joy ourselves remembrance sister this have and fought gone barr'd worth know supposal our , his , brother's of advantage . meeting time So all the most Now much ourself hath surrender dream late our young have , disjoint us which you of dear this is uncle nephew's rid purpose in that the Fortinbras : herein and , all , to and , power Norway further personal you lists His Thus Lost business and the his gait this further To Farewell For that You lose We and , doubt my not not voice cannot Than The hand more more to the to , leave though to show To From Yet I , I toward duty ; France your in willingly coronation . done , France to Laertes have is bow them to father's lord from bend lord and , slow ! will thine — than still , kin than graces best hour my lord How is my I clouds friend . kind sun Denmark lids the nighted a thy vailed lives must , hang . A more the that know'st Passing 'tis Ay Why , Seek madam Nor alone it so my suspiration breath eye black , suits particular , is solemn of river of , forms ; be thee , seems , Together commendable must mourning , father and these father your , term a your nature survivor persevere But condolement sorrow his stubbornness a obstinate filial lost obligation . most will . is heart An understanding know any Why As what unfortified , simple be , thing , in mind and for unmanly course some a do To Of the A In it to impious It death the first against most This From To A ? we our and is as common heaven nature common fault a to sense son Wittenberg father dearest toward back , For no with impart that which we And Than are is In Do most to his love world you still hath today of think pray he note take school to go prayers , not us lose best come reply a and . Denmark in and that Sits Be Why stay mother . of , drinks whereof Madam accord ; a 'tis all , madam Hamlet , today the grace gentle health to , garden ! unprofitable O and ; satyr beteem winds not too face he — that me stale the too Or Thaw weary self resolve Everlasting had 'gainst canon slaughter . all Oh ; the That things not , not in gross an of this world this , month uncle she ; Why roughly might ? thy reason my she were on earth heaven mother him she , father — shoes poor those ere or , on't fed if month A mourn'd I Than Ere But It She break , Had left . flushing O my , nor most I am your is for I must hold forget lord ever : Horatio , Good . make lord — sir name from , same even ; Wittenberg my hear do your report so ear of . truant , good not disposition violence that your . your father's you me student in Elsinore no funeral . hard fellow . depart ? deep see my mother's see see , lord Indeed do not to ! The funeral Horatio see methinks was it see him Where had I thrift my My ever see , the it forth furnish Or see eye I I lord He a shall eye my once — lord . saw I not eye king eye all . eye in eye yesternight like eye gentlemen had and Marcellus nights together Barnardo lord The my of witness , walk'd he eyes fear of whilst cap - solemn , march , did act the not secrecy to Where they the dumb , them , each knew night comes of Stand Form By Within I In word with to impart speak him kept they the , platform , not , Did answer to even then motion it , it very 'Tis our shrunk morning as it and yet : none upon did to in . true 'tis sight strange the , troubles me ? face foot O From not you toe lord Both , you What from , My lord in more yes his or than , you ? constantly Most fix'd Nay ? pale very been would eyes I It his And Very moderate ? it . you . hundred . like very , one with would I tell Stay'd had have when longer BARNARDO His was While MARCELLUS like haste Not Longer have it . no a watch seen walk father's person ; again noble my Let speak have you it bid I'll And to assume I . gape it . hitherto tenable , eleven visit understanding whatsoever platform loves hap still , tongue fare sight no but , shall . mine as , My will If conceal'd silence So in ; well arms I Till doubt some sit then foul loves spirit : twelve . honour ye foul o'erwhelm , father's I'll to duty still in Our Your And Do But convoy , to men's deeds night will come eyes rise , nature favour toy trifling fashion permanent suppliance more sweet . perfume and the No A No Forward , The youth Hold youth , and in violet For youth a it youth youth virtue now withal will youth , not for Carve is health nor subject as ; his he may The nor and if he of this on do whole nor his for , is soil . but himself voice . your in nor and of weigh'd of And nor nor His nor so As main what credent To your in so And so Unto so head is so so and Out the the fear it and you list or , Ophelia is and and his canker their best th'effect my and shall to ungracious lesson keep brother , do and safety rebels steep watchman Whilst the a and and dalliance good . youth . treads libertine heaven own me . father rede . comes for aboard my There double too me Show And stay I primrose not long A , wind . Give few , leave . your sail blessing , grace Occasion here The you And character thou any thou But new th'opposed ; with of entertainment . Beware in , steel , judgement : gaudy . being unfledg'd thee thy , not buy voice . station best a in , man . my , false , above This , 'Tis have in memory . well . it Hamlet you ? Lord . bethought the he oft of : late , on . yourself you me truth . a call you as such green circumstance them girl I think should baby ; to love , my go his woodcocks catch all to it call to , fashion importun'd me fool poor me with go . time - rate , Hamlet is For that may larger to entreatments at . you with scanter something Be Than a Set must their not promise your it how prodigal extinct , blazes presence higher maiden . these burns than vows blood the When Lends And your command You much so a mere like dye sanctified implorators beguile Breathing not in In he walk ; Ophelia brokers , ways . time it an eager a is air bites and it nipping shrewdly ; very . air cold . the near walk . struck it heard Wherein kettle he drains wake King What And The as Keeps More clepe traduc'd addition - in mind , the my though Ay , revel heavy marrow drunkards born am it other west observance a native east perform'd our chances The for That So wherein mole it in nature , though and tax'd and with in guilty , origin his reason , them — that of say livery be they the ; man as the infinite man , else To man Doth that particular his my , man Look man the substance . man Shall From man all and thou Bring Be of heaven or us damn'd , Hamlet shape , questionable , thee but ; I'll a such in com'st Thou That Let , ponderous ; in burst , King beckons you go disposition of , the hearsed canoniz'd Wherein Hath thoughts , That why sepulchre , corse So With It Look As not to you , No will my means it Do speak ; do by be the lord I . that fee ? then it do should set Being what my what not Why not , a it lord sea the . to ? madness you might That As am I hardy call'd ! I'll away make , waxes He Let's . rotten 'tis thus this state Nay , Whither thou Speak me Mark I will further tormenting flames come . and myself , is hour I When Alas , but lend hear . shall poor , bound shalt hearing done my the a . tale thy prison - from that am forbid , spheres end be O list fretful not . I house porpentine blood part to dear List the , God O didst this flesh Make thy Thy of If thou ever thy foul ! as . weed . is unnatural wings with . revenge ; swift hear , youth Denmark life , gifts noble my ear death father's won seeming falling ! gifts most what , hand my and , Now wit ! of decline vow queen that to off with the to poor gifts ; were be ; never will , vial stole pour in in , bed morning the within afternoon link'd heaven in angel a celestial shape a Sleeping of thy in my orchard air , garbage secure . in hour a effect whose in did my , in uncle the hebenon cursed enmity an gates as such The in the a sudden of vigour blood courses doth droppings . blood instant with vile tetter and And And and like my the but imperfections , made the howsoever mother to and . thorns shows the Fare his uneffectual . Remember ! else ; earth Hold What , heaven to ? sinews , up . grow O , while globe trivial forms table of Remember Remember memory not my memory thee records all . observation and the And Within saws All Unmix'd with book thy O , villain Meet , smile baser So is and have I . be Lord Lord Hillo is't ho . Lord Lord What O lord my , Lord How , Within bird come Lord ! my ! ho , Illo Come , lord , my of be you'll But , Nor , by you How Ay ne'er and MARCELLUS . HORATIO villain my , needs a , secret lord ? all Denmark point at the part and . my shall for go own . desire pray and business shake more are circumstance you , us lord come ; grave desire and are hath — you Such much Saint Patrick too to know , my there Touching heartily offend faith . Horatio , tell us you , soldiers . request , and one , your It Yes , by desire an but offence scholars . have , vision good will and you will . tonight my but we . not In My poor my ? MARCELLUS seen , lord my Upon in . lord swear't already sword I faith , my sworn Indeed Cries , to hear Ha the lord . my this fellow you that . by sayst you ha Come to Swear speak ubique this Hic Well O therefore , give , i' but stranger heaven in a Once ! by again you . good fast welcome and , bear hereafter soe'er never , How To times help work more Canst th'earth so , myself , this disposition you . meet — wondrous , shake on me or some 'There out , and we might' , if not need be me aught grace and , your your . pray spite your together in I cursed , lips your love his your Swear , love perturbed at . your . man Let O go us to of out your I ever is lack on . joint . friending you to me , as Hamlet a poor let's set . it born . to it , lord inquiry Reynaldo good him behaviour intend well what very my some encompassment this do your . Look , sir they Paris ; Danskers what at 'twere 'I part if't , But Addicted I he him' Ay him part in 'And What As , ' But please As are youth ' lord ' so , may that drabbing drinking ' , my charge ' . ' . go fencing , or , Ay Faith must , You would scandal in him — good do But general outbreak is another that my warrant son would on i' sound assur'd consequence , or ; say he lord man Of — sir was about this ? Where I — ' and What to the so 'closes you thus yesterday say At or with : in say consequence something . say — perchance See now say forth so , such or enter at gaming say him he say saw , tennis' assays my by say advice you ? bias . out reach of and falsehood brothel of with of wisdom indirections have me have , I directions My Hamlet his was sewing I his foul'd , God in name each unbrac'd chamber to stockings in out horrors for As And his , as lord , With No Ungart'red , Pale upon , with , I do hard ; do it hand thus of and length perusal o'er arm his Long piteous his me go , profound and he mine shaking so done over his find did doors He to with leads Whose This , Come That oft the bended he will of , help on seek love . itself — command , but my he thee . is sorry to of , late . age opinions kept is Come grief be To must , go the ourselves which Moreover that to to much dear . sending we need Welcome The hasty Hamlet's did to discretion . for , More Of nor th'exterior nor the it What so you see . you did hath should , companies and his entreat of that , th'understanding . young dream of so little him aught , That That So Since cannot Resembles than his And whom To As Whether much as from to afflicts within talk'd of you , you living , not will good with profit a king's into us , you the at service and We , of to your entreaty by And much and these Ay joyfully return'd from Th'ambassadors , been hast amen lord , soul my my I you father hold I Thou . news good as to policy — I to long lunacy great hear . found liege : feast ; that in . found main distemper . marriage shall shall . Norway ! him o'erhasty but shall sift friends is it father's His what Voltemand Welcome , shall of he look'd nephew's falsely shall fair Most That rebuke give vow th'assay shall against sickness your against his borne in hand , before To It shall Highness ; he desires . found truly the him , Polack ; impotence , arrests sends into , thousand to overcome , commission , safety regards this , business this we'll read . well home , is to what and time is . duty ended , night and madam well night brevity to , should night welcome your feast true let be , majesty and day soul Your brief since nothing day My This Why is I And will What is he Madam More That And mad swear But let find 'tis farewell pity it out , remains have Hath That's phrase : this , Good you Doubt the stars doth are be ? you and idol soul's . Now , vile you shall phrase but a stay the to these best you Doubt that truth never at dear am I love you , whilst in most that But Thine you And they As fell mine , hath O this best . to she his me ? honourable . might so man do hath given All out his hath ear my I given Majesty a desk your perceiv'd When of What would fain seen , told play'd think young my dear heart upon ? thus did out I queen what table went then I look'd you is be ' a Or Or What winking And winking might 'Lord winking This must Admit she winking not Hamlet That winking Fell he winking And Thence Thence all we wail and now , be may It such I been That Not positively have it I . this think very this I it were lobby walks . does loose indeed an behind . I encounter Be a and If love arras he and for fall'n carters . it try the beseech O . good - a - me , You . I were you , world ten true in a carrion you Have th' Aside . was I truly first by ; speak I'll is What , Slanders ; sir - plum tree hams All that which . and faces their hold are have honesty I my lord on him ? of means the contrive suddenly honourable so not replies My withal except you , my go You To seek ! dost lord My My most How Rosencrantz indifferent that good As Good friends . the children earth the Happy the that news friends is good you to lord prison world confines many th' o' one being are worst , or good your for To the substance dreams myself either To lord a prison . To . too and have To I that To for ; To nutshell . of To king a count are dream beggars We'll of . fay , by and , I you honest an not will beaten way visit in too Come , dear ? Is are we . sent modesties and for you craft there . is Come not the the , rights obligation of our could were me me whether direct me youth , dear me , But end what me , me our by me for off of If me . sent were you say hold , of disposition a , than air , thing this a faculties piece majestical canopy me in other , in form of , how how yet ; smiling delights animals apprehension and the and frame the ; wherefore but most indeed , paragon ? of work to coted you service offer king players , He of me plays ; not the the sigh shall shall knight shall use whose mind . make , the laugh What for't her say those man , We . you are the that were Even those I Do they their , endeavour tyrannically most of , No comes in eyases clapped rapiers are aerie indeed ? goose - maintains quills and them are These they . out ; cry grow no ? than their to sing writers wrong it not ? say themselves them themselves is money the . themselves to the themselves themselves do ? themselves ; a of King lived father for apiece while my in than natural picture give philosophy players the . Elsinore Your Let me comply out , hands I which . entertainment , out aunt than out are fashion - out to more what uncle out ceremony players like the father to out and mother dear is gentlemen Guildenstern , you you baby , and there see Well hawk . each at out them ; yet not come twice . a child the for players tell Roscius you so . lord was tragical individable , light . the ? lord , treasure a , more ' men , historical poem for thou ! are judge Am I Jephthah What follows Nay my lord , I . glad more thee valanc'd Thy you well young , I like Masters , my you , anything when than is What ? to face am I friend in is chopine e'en speech Come be altitude lady thou O , Com'st By'r of you and are , We'll . have quality gold . speech once speech the , was it play I — in no see with whose in horse complexion Head black , and the sable , sons fire , discretion . seeks good with with coagulate hellish Priam , proceed . where His , proceed proceed carbuncles Roasted him finds proceed , he Anon proceed lies Unequal rage of senseless with hideous flaming proceed top Ilium strikes his antique proceed sword , sword sword crash , matter thunder below still , fall eterne work , gods ; wheel fiends of . on say . good Prithee . Hecuba is mobled , then pronounc'd venom fear all , stood A down rheum the her With diadem lank of with th'alarm tongue state saw this 'Gainst Would The Unless instant things milch passion no rest Do brief . them time ill the let , their . in them . bounty . play a sirs . tomorrow Murder play lord . you hear We'll ? could I which You would my . Gonzago study down and insert in't am I I slave here dream a soul his in that and wi' b' not monstrous rogue God it O Tears That A in That I cleave ? he have he What's Hecuba forms With motive him to for ear guilty of , eyes horrid speech tears , cause a life coward face ? Yet . rascal not , peak pate in lie does Who breaks blows should make pigeon oppression I But With Remorseless ! 'Swounds To am should I treacherous Oh slave's , an ass the son am , lecherous ! vengeance , For have , murder With most May know I I'll . T'assume be pleasing . very to than weakness damn me . I'll relative Abuses me . by drift . means no to be confession keeps distracted speak , will forward madness on you a he do we But Niggard of Most assay him so the in there as I think , they kind about night They it Madam question in to have . joy we these that out fell way Of the already order him players told . much edge . inclin'd delights , accident lawful seeing that myself , espials he frankly , unseen as him their is for . behav'd may no or be , obey suffers of by he his I cause . your please virtues again may you walk ourselves . We 'Tis that , ugly outrageous of and hear The I O coming to Let's . 'tis end slings take arrows nobler The ; heart to death we that perchance be wish'd sleep pause . die there's consummation natural we sleep end , delay the scorns of takes spurns , quietus whose bourn have , of ? will death life would from puzzles those , something , resolution all . day ? many well long , No , I never gave not to , you of rich words things them these wax ha ! you prove for when honest the lord Ha That if my have than should no sooner will force you , time translate with commerce better beauty of a to it his what , Ay ; lord the power into Could You Indeed stock not better , with all should knaves At upon him ? shut , father ? thy between Go to , have I , shape do home that house , Where's , arrant are the Let nunnery a you of , lisp , O heavenly yourselves God's on't Those keep are hath You it that are . To a all say you but . already made your Farewell ! God enough jig , sword ! wretched harsh little , his yet do I grief , love The not tell from all and . think now heard I'll it . queen plac'd To be Of Your send conference fit England him great Madness fit fit fit I fit fit all you I Nor pronounced of many as say periwig , rags a give the - it split nothing smoothness whipped . warrant Herods a but to , the not the the playing as . scorn your 'twere end ; both the allowance age nature to special . tutor this anything for and , this in be there , image the Now , O , made imitated , having the accent of men so that play that play them speak sir made I nor the gait have that them with quantity those them some question of necessary set down . let there For , now hear that the too and of my lord haste players ROSENCRANTZ my and the , ho , lord ! service . a withal just as . man thee ; spirits ? lord hope thy from absurd pomp I but , may dear could , man A in thee men soul the thee hast advancement I the choice , nothing hast thou that mistress And Since To not core thee . I heart much my slave passion's do , ay , comes told scene have , when of a are so well - that co for him . of King ; note ; death circumstance father's act guilt - a speech have occulted thy foul face join both . idle both . theft will this both , Queen , both both . and dish feed both Hamlet the this To now i' ; you , Polonius our fares faith did crammed . kill'd enact you was actor a good . a your . Be there killed Brutus . sit by patience . stay my , good hither , mother . O the my my That's my my my my Ay , are my your only how - you jig ? Nay 'tis , my maker , long sables by'r , with lady hope there's . a may head his kneels seeing him and a very , asleep kisses returns with some . She his accepts end lament to . his , crown She , Queen The Poisoner with the imports show this this the keep us it ? mallecho miching argument show not means you play , to show ashamed it . Tellus' Phoebus' , my hath woman's of a ring . lord , hands love the commutual journeys most , in times have world times sacred may o'er , count hearts ere so I nothing sick be moon . hath doubts love , fair love leave and too . fear are : shortly world to , do as kind so there : kill tree kill , kill , propose debt lose kill kill ; speak on kill sticks they 'tis when fruit kill unshaken unripe to in passion doth the or joy . is strange . change overthrown second first are , friend . run . own , dead light night thy food from my prison be lock that well I An blanks be face , me and turn wed , nor and hope of , beguile it I ever should Ophelia anchor's , repose to desperation Sport , day fain me , lasting now . wife here would awhile I she , mischance much , methinks . word , keep no offence ? jest in ? call i' a th' world wife : of Baptista is play Duke's the is ? a knavish name . Tropically you do , they , piece souls . unwrung This Vienna jade we ; Marry . in anon Mousetrap and 'tis done chorus You you and love keen off you chorus , my . are chorus murderer chorus , chorus doth bellow chorus . Pox chorus — Come no weeds raven and fit . you faces , begin mixture Hecate's the He poisons written choice for's in th'garden shall . see The anon ? weep , rest my the . I know realm one himself , and here . rhymed a thousand ? sir Didst Upon talk very the ? have might for poisoning my ? lord . some , For ha ! if belike Come of note Come . what sir , retirement his in Is , a vouchsafe , whole , distempered of marvellous Your into more richer wisdom doctor your my , to me Good put put for from , most affair pronounce you great to am , I in sir of are pardon , answer , wholesome your I a courtesy wholesome not answer and is my cannot lord . her struck stonish can behaviour admiration your says so desires to were she speak you times with ten us did , still lord , trade , this of you surely your of advancement have once our . pickers ? of your voice the the with drive my you duty if the as of me to my O Ay can the when , be , sir , recover the one , be too , play upon withdraw bold me I not know no lying breath music it give thumb But these Believe touch govern your you of , you now you my yet and ? excellent voice to ! the it your finger . the of would You the have though . sir from my cannot 'Sblood Call , me , what in would Queen it a fret you My to compass you see yonder , like a a . indeed . whale weasel . a almost shape of camel . me Leave hell I Now and time breathes hot drink the , bitter day my on lose of Nero firm ; let me heart And do such be daggers will to tongue and Let My I look . thy soul never give I To him let The like your I he to not shall shall Out our commission with not hourly grow us shall . shall may lunacies near so shall Hazard of and holy To shall live the The Are mortis'd Each Dies That near What's keep it on not spirit many armour whose of all lives itself alone and small To whose with the ; but Fix'd ; it mount highest lesser consequence alone fear footed this this with but huge which petty to GUILDENSTERN free upon a but but ruin the , Did the but convey going he's , I'll warrant she'll myself but , but . home mother's and nature of O speech 'Tis And To meet It A Though like pause where this business : heaven intent will — blood sweet , cursed bound Whereto I enough rain not there both stand To as itself the begin as What confront forestalled My Of Can My To serve own pardon'd for be be pardon'd But And wash fault And , Or being past my turn Forgive I did my this prize so compell'd lies ! itself action the to struggling angels with soft , Art Bow engag'd , heart that be . Make ! of may sinews knees soul state teeth repentance O , his O And now might I'll do am To I Now do't I kills sole hire my , A so is grossly , and , and same flush salary full would That for send , and ; not villain and . rage bed and My mother . may stays . and heaven days black and , and and sickly advances . act , remain and heaven below as heels swearing pleasure of about to up fly it prolongs my , thoughts never to physic words come pranks him Pray Within I'll warrant Now matter . offended . much father thou Come come you father idle . an with tongue wicked Hamlet , now go , you Have , much budge not you wilt you , you You so Queen were not so . to husband's those your I'll then set , you wilt thou , Come How Dead . Where ? me Draws help ho . rat ! am slain dead . Ay Polonius As Thou for , deed Is know , O kill thy hands . busy . danger I , for , kill king . fortune thy Take , so heart of it against thy stuff sit some ; farewell fool , wag an so rude blurs virtue hypocrite Such have the that wring of penetrable done That From the That As The rhapsody As false sets against , vows deed there rose innocent such there of off the love there index the and there this loud so presentment , counterfeit grace this brow there picture this ? there , Mercury - and a heaven like did seem herald Jove . brothers seated , seal . age feed ? eyes . man eyes you humble ear what you , tame judgement ? follows mildew'd his to form every Here Blasting Could And Where the husband his moor ? Ha for thrall'd what now you . a Have your have leave to motion brother wholesome in this have this madness quantity of motion - sense all , blind sense that err choice not at ; motion the the love it not judgement day - motion hey waits upon ne'er What was't motion , wax motion virtue let in be Proclaim hell O reserv'd ecstacy was motion thy matron's And frost the melt To Hamlet more will doth as . actively the itself reason as youth not Could In Thou Over rank , not will turn'st When to live . ears the part A lord that cutpurse in A from That put of shelf it No and in precious , kings , rule ! stole diadem wings gracious . the of more empire the Save heavenly king the a mad would What of A not ! and guards Alas your with you The But step Conceit in Speak her amazement whet in O of your blunted almost forget thy . weakest . How Is look Alas you the like , peep alarm son gentle end hairs in life and up Start patience at how your soldiers O you pale , flame wildly the , discourse , excrements . eyes sleeping stand heat ! on and cause stern effects with make want Lest Will nothing you see yet ; nothing ourselves steals ? away hear I there ? brain Is Ecstasy temperately doth yours test , It ! coinage now even the very This very Bring re Mother matter from Lay gambol the have I My as I Would that your but will Whilst Infects do not Repent spread yourself on weeds ; heaven not make For rank not That in itself That Of , who angel have uncle's half it . beg pardon these times ; livery and doth it bed . tonight him nature easy easiness out good of stamp of fair frock the For beg heaven desirous Once the aptly That monster custom is either next of . lend the to That And the use With do repent are or . good worse good me with this and scourge and . do , fingers , night kind lady more word begins , Thus bad gave again , madness him know , bed , out his reechy , gib , wise matter good , sense Who from a neck . a paddock despite the Unpeg For But Make , and famous basket would , secrecy let , the on , and no I life What breath the , that's but from Let To And thou the neck be have on my will . breath words if you breathe to me hast thou . must work go . I'll Mother blow them delve moon one in Is Who now in to , a toward , sir still was will I good lug But at guts , Come the most draw Good mother . a on what while ? Gertrude What my your this , your contend fit lawless Hamlet seen ! your kills his your man apprehension brainish deed your old 'A rat , we had your threats , liberty is full to , In . arras rapier as the wind . most our and much was haunt ; fit whose deed good this The had would the from of owner life man His been O heavy , foul a so let But apart a mineral weeps metals madness body divulging it he But ? But done But But But , feed hath ore gone kill'd very his Among . of , He sooner no and , Both countenance Hamlet And pray madness his him Gertrude . mother's out let Into Come , seek with Friends from . whisper as level untimely what's done what speak know Whose ROSENCRANTZ Safely and ! GUILDENSTERN . here , Hamlet ? dead body come ? thence it 'tis may the chapel . on you , calls dust bear Do where keep — me should sponge by lord best in first , service gleaned ; jaw you be lord , sleeps ear and body is King thing — is go the a , fox ! not speech the is to me must tell the thing him . to . is that distracted , scourge . him , their . sending pause . Diseases bear all th'offender's . not all are at . Or ? hath , befall'n from body is him my , know he get lord my , Bring ! Hamlet , supper ? is he ? for convocation diet end alas . hath but us worm variable we the That's is and is . only certain two of emperor for — ourselves , of eat guts the ? this by through find ? If see shall But your indeed up if there not find . the . England For , Therefore everything is help and , safety , as we and dearly and and . and But . and ! Good our for Tempt ; not at I'll it leans That else , And my great my th'affair Away mother England power if After By death me in to . cure like Howe'er thou my , were Till . my hectic , Tell Craves Go Captain If We that shall . his his Over express let him our would aught a of conveyance I will And that How , purpos'd Against Norway , sir frontier ? addition of no for of , I would or to five , sold in fee Pole farm it defend it . the will not . garrison'd never question shows no cause peace sir . sir . scruple it , discourse us gave such beast of . revenge dull sleep oblivion us capability made before in quarter'd , parts , to do , know market , on hath — and exhort me and not part or , and or earth too or Now craven , or this coward unus'd Bestial which or three , to precisely , mass tender , thing's or strength I ambition , great or and divine and be argument in without , at , Whose the the all But the fortune not to stir . my my and for the see trick beds numbers their for a Whereon to , the the And the When honour's all The That thoughts nothing , enough or reason while fight the tomb Which Go hide To speak importunate Her There's Spurns is pitied ? have and . of aim , thoughts at it gestures their own yield is her , things Her they hems doth it and one were she Indeed as conjectures her - for thought . minds . spilt is jealousy artless Let as some to in come itself fearing Denmark , amiss , is Where , prologue Majesty be ? sandal know ? shoon hat your now , should From cockle his lady ? you dead and gone one and imports pray lady , green , turf . mark White my mountain Ophelia the , flowers lord ; sweet snow . not ? pretty owl the what lady did ! all you we may they ask you what table , true to love showers baker's God at Lord a was . his out . window , this ; father , clothes . your say : betime , on't a an that , dupp'd And in the Ophelia an la Indeed An all think so ; I well How thou I . thank night good would lay you for sweet your ; you , Gertrude thoughts most he single ; it Gertrude , father and the her come good . First son come death O deep not of slain spies and come pictures fair containing her judgement beasts these France in from as his father's his infect matter person our my . murdering to Gives a ear O Will In and Like me noise Let ? what the them lord . his flats with Laertes in lord him list , haste my yourself , The more impetuous call but to riotous be to . king the ' . you , come in ? broke all . without . stand . calm Calmly drop the you will father , unsmirched . brow king me thou me chaste Laertes good that's blood true between my Even What rebellion incens'd art true true That Gertrude looks not - true Laertes Do true Of true Let true my my my not Dead Where ? my . my ! profoundest negligence reveng'd my world I'll not , To he ? what come the worlds pit revenge foe certainty writ , your friend enemies , then his and sweepstake , rendering the , Laertes ? in , loser both and , my ope ; pelican . father's judgement it , your eye 'pear your her noise ! What that dry my now How Dear They Hey - it ! It , down is call , rosemary There's becomes thy you well rain'd my and thou the steward him daughter than ; fitted here's some must made he say They died and thoughts madness for . with a all good is Robin There's a grace remembrance that's , columbines , difference wither'd your , you call rue remembrance it and We me fennel they violets rue for but not not he , death come is again itself hell again not dead . snow white , gone mercy pray God b' . soul his on not away is as , bed will as . not with . grief O , not apart you friends Go wisest not wi' . ye , and we us soul , your but , kingdom , bones , ostentation heaven question — with due his ; this Let burial his hatchment nor rite No Cry Sailors I should God thee too There's . if know Let them from not . bound him that I thou They . King , 'Horatio , as when ourselves so I But make King mercy , to , sea too the at the much in turn of repair words good like clear , him To give will I And Come them . bore of ear the Sith As by O wisdom . your he you must you That well you your So crimeful which , heard have safety , and proceeded were against stirr'd two me conjunctive plague ; and it life but The not him their , sphere which soul , affection stone , bear in wood other and not count love all gyves great his to Why Would , I Is as ; loud so so bow my to , again , lost terms back the that that dipping like his graces have slightly A , where Would And have sister if driven on . of may perfections made stuff that mount challenger And hope , love you will , beard teach and flat be hear imagine — ourself more think come . all must not What lord ? shortly I father it think I that , That not That we our of pastime You to now , This Tomorrow kingdom to From lord Reads , Or should mean it first shall . him asking this and ? a me advise you let . lord But ? heart come , him 'alone ' ! ' . my to ' thou his . Laertes How ? peace , I in not voyage undertake ripe and he to means work that device but choose will fall ; be rul'd devise could be right organ . it hearing . been Your , pluck you That But The As Of one the together shine such , lord , is part A needful that that envy and since ? unworthiest parts him sum for of unworthiest my from of a becomes youth unworthiest wears , Normandy Two and unworthiest sables and unto his horse natur'd gallant this and unworthiest far topp'd unworthiest his but , weeds that and light settled was on a And witchcraft Here seen And As they myself , serv'd , against in't such had can Had Norman life same is well . The I know And he cried match could art my all you of of very indeed report especially sight of their , do so you oppos'd . motion The be your such exercise most in rapier , indeed his report envy — this wish him beg Now sudden he That could coming play my father , Not think love did you without a heart ? passages begun is , at is within the or , too would growing we his We tongues delays this hands a are we : son goodness still of will pleurisy , sigh spendthrift o' deed . chamber within murder th' than back But , hath abatements and words , shall praise your the on you varnish those on put Hamlet The Frenchman have bounds indeed set And Most not generous your free and you , double know you are shall heads foils shuffling father pass of , you with , that all bring on and purpose for you , for in , my a . dip a mountebank sword ease contriving being He ; practice , I'll I'll . your I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll . that bad should slightly my from thing him touch the I'll of look our Let's assay'd in When make ha't I A that blast solemn bouts for , violent motion wager or back . Soft , may nonce your on Therefore If of this might stuck have sipping him , see drink drink , Your O Laertes drink , drink . glassy and , did , drink stream a she , purples drink , herself coronet name call and trophies weeping down When in - give a grosser weeds . leaves grows aslant garlands daisies , shepherds do the crow - Of our to she chaunted brook hang the on That maids But Clamb'ring Fell time Till that element To death is melodious their it heavy her own old bore , tunes distress with . from wretch poor much then muddy her drown'd her ? she drown'd hast It The have How , douts Gertrude ; start let's give do follow to to his rage ! blaze would , Adieu that it , lord , she , The . straight her ? will Now much I I , Christian burial ? when crowner point hath she three good ; water wittingly argues , For and lies so herself in the argal act the , him good crowner's , gentlewoman been a . he man ; and of guilty him hold but their more than have should she folk none that gentleman ? themselves is Adam's The ? Scripture I'll the to arms thou Could . a was and , my drown - a first Was the , grave he ? How , ever . bore thyself answerest stronger the that - maker in well gallows wit gallows to good that is thy like well do well Who ? does What do the , Marry To't tell a well stronger thee , to is , thy builds with . and beating brains ; maker' more when fetch was , not question will his get meet a ; 'a mend say , behove did O feeling him property . that of stoup liquor , nothing he . sense . land been me shipp'd if And As Hath Custom 'Tis e'en so ; the hand of But the if in I had me with hath the daintier it not dost sweet ? might once knave , politician God , that Cain's be could which - of Or , with see't at ? Mine ache more , play to the spade , made be sheet shrouding clay guest is to . no for a pit not may . now with quiddits A and a pickaxe For , such a of a be now a fines fine have more purchases his pate his of pair his his him knock him , tenures about his ? and the of conveyances inheritor himself than recovery the ones fine , the ? and indentures box more Not lie of scarcely breadth the his Will his , of ? grave's assurance skins too that made meet for , more , sheep made of - calf out Whose — therefore be liest thou in't say and sir be thine not , do out lie think part it indeed clay guest to . on't not for lie away sir 'Tis What man dost For What , 't , yet 'Tis ? in't . her soul then woman sir from taken . hast thou day to't came Hamlet i' , us age of the One heel been the it near How the , knave tell ? Every was that — he Hamlet Ay Cannot because ; why shall Why recover sent since and It was the ; there wits as mad he or he if England are ? mad great matter his no ? Very not 'Twill Denmark long , not hold before , in he laying tanner A the last — ere boy , here i' with will th'earth , he man ? And . a - skull three sir , great water body a , is your hide . while and ; twenty it . was - water this do ? jester on Rhenish , of flagon was those hung . Here Alas , at . This . once Let borne your ? to favour must tell , oft to Dost . Pah so , she lady's What's so , this Not you get , to , thou , smelt And , Horatio my ? find curiously too But whereto - keep which to dead beer the dust Alexander , the away in . not we modesty Alexander of earth . the , c doth that Here died earth barrel turn'd wind flaw comes King the loam stop Caesar a hole winter's ! aside t'expel wall a they 'Twas and ? youth ceremony Laertes it own awhile ceremony very far virgin . Must , Her flints And we but the Shards Till , allowed trumpet last She And spring Lay As to May , I Scattering thought hop'd I to to Whose . her once off thy to deed O to bed times Hold treble treble to your dust pile I Now Till of this to to an To flat caught old Of upon Pelion the skyish have head made or whose and Dane thy my and , from splenative something fear wiseness thy . Good my , Why will Until I will fight eyelids no with what longer quiet wag . theme brothers love her ? crocodile whine : a eat do woul't thyself , throw . thou , it will work : sit you sir are on the . day his , matter use ; me will what that no upon , Horatio dog , mew will Gertrude This see me let Now for lord circumstance . see . push other ; certain cabin , us that our in the . ends well know us should — it that divinity teach lay I Methought . let , the ; and us serves pall rashness be a deep our - hew My Grop'd to - sea There's Finger'd Their where To gown find scarf'd about in , where my , to , out , again sorts and , life my where , Horatio , withdrew where where reasons where , read the grinding be possible hear me beseech you to I wrote me down read , read , statists labour'd sir , fair do , brains read now read . it , and it that effect baseness to me did read It An As love between Ay , England yeoman's my good , amities , flourish , faithful 'as'es comma like his them should stand And Without He How in father's was this that - know view such Why gave't my , I of that form ; Danish was sequent , safely the this it plac'd . Rosencrantz know'st and Guildenstern So the already what to't the fight , the not dangerous 'Tis near are the did my insinuation nature their grow this defeat day the Now . the - they comes . love make this now mother , proper me is stand baser incensed England there business him further must be is evil And What issue canker — th'election his such let It But am to of court cause Horatio , favours . the Laertes sorry no I image , of The of Your I of of of of humbly you , spirit for . bonnet . hot is northerly . to his Put of all use the wind , lord 'tis ; your right lordship , it is your wager , come him for faith speak to in to differences the he mine remember , head on Laertes good definement him shall feelingly in of , find ; of , very neither divide , is his extolment such his respect in , I mirror concernancy Is't nomination gentleman will words are sir if , do't golden all's , is — excellence it are . what lest a that are you know you Of is purse You not I dare sir in but were excellence sir Laertes well confess know ignorant not , but , of for . French to Three , weapons . weapon dagger six very him with wager'd of it , you by the margin ? liberal very Barbary and hath , take But well six and . and the What be carriages six might , german , are more The you are of matter hangers , imponed all to would The King shall , conceited phrase . our liberal would hath come not my will time of will hold would I it sir , laid three to mean , sir ; to after Shall this , breathing and with his nothing I King the walk I in here re but I brought , and will , shame e'en hits . head his dotes has drossy a the most ; age , fanned — on and kind the are and , only no suck'd of trial suck'd and them out but blow do and opinions collection tune comply suck'd to the Laertes attend time and outward know he before dug suck'd runs away through his suck'd ; carries them the it suck'd I you in him with . as and . ready is to to that you will you hold My lord I fitness am , The will practice all's shall think the my . my Since You do I win about good a a not will . forestall giving as gain . kind such trouble , are . of special providence not come is leave in . is't to it the come yet it come what , leaves , and , Hamlet pardon I to fit if me , exception and distraction . not it aught if has man presence Come , come me This That What punish'd and with I awake Hamlet Hamlet , of , poor madness is thoughts evil faction His from your in not wrong'd your If might , Roughly Was't Hamlet it me I have in To Whose That Let Free motive this , aloof by have a Till I And name some nature no and and love wrong till honour me , of stir satisfied am my I my I'll Your skill like shall Come I offer'd ungor'd do will You Give brother's foils embrace it freely , on . i' indeed . Cousin , darkest th' sir hand , Your Grace has them Give Very well odds I since not fear is heavy likes he I we Let lord Set me , stoups of wine that . have me foils These have . well the battlements cup shall And In The The let Denmark's Or quit all Hamlet If The crown drink than King drinks the heavens judges Come me Here's again a very palpable . pearl . hit No hit Well touch a Another him thy health . first hit the do . late too . Good I Gertrude the is . I'll madam , pray do cup I ; My yet almost . but do . conscience . dally violence Nothing so on me ? and ? are ? them Part ? is . How ? there , Nay ; come they wounds Queen sides the Look to my them ? own . poison'd Queen to drink the , drink ! lock'd O I drink am the . slain art the , see swoons She , the drink It The there here O Hath . no Never turn'd itself rise King to lie , hand here King's , Thy . envenom'd instrument not an hour of practice can . me again mother's life good thou do world Unbated thee off Drink my is It is justly this Follow He me , LORDS ! and defend me treason ! here Dane . Is . himself . come on a thy ? it me upon . Hamlet noble not tremble fell I . unsatisfied the report be arrest time but mutes and . at Queen I follow act this of free Horatio Wretched sergeant , am tell Horatio — you Dane Horatio a . Horatio or — O and my Horatio I Horatio I'll have't Horatio pain me , wounded a what ; man , a Let Horatio ever thee Absent thus Fortinbras warlike hear prophesy the news crows Horatio dying my th'election , from my England He . prince spirit lights rest does Why Where drum thee you wonder or it is cries toward thine proud O death a eternal hast bloodily him affairs senseless To ears And our it , never You so arriv'd High the a stage be and , wars let these , about view bodies England I cause can upshot hear you acts shall unknowing world , slaughters purposes casual upshot , mistook cunning So unnatural upshot All this forc'd and . upshot heads deliver to sorrow with the upshot this Truly hear it my this invite speak on upshot me kingdom audience draw cause voice be will also have . errors happen lest , perform'd more mischance soldier he his , this amiss much sight . war on of ordnance editions in S . and permission can the General paying the in of works copyright part Use these it and distribute by bodies , Exeunt Updated editions bearing Creating the works law of Special from United to copying without copyright PROJECT distributing Terms copyright not and ! owns a rules States and set , apply Project . forth you this trademark if you Gutenberg registered use creation Project you protected the subject . eBooks given States using way in , to comply associated any with all this or Project work . research redistribution especially S practically license the promoting to this online file with free to at Project . the phrase of the with org gutenberg work License . using of and of not a agree of paragraph in as , electronic Gutenberg in electronic a you paid this terms indicate you , the to on used . to C even Gutenberg . do any is the fee registered copy or forth trademark lot free access this electronic Project do you terms of can agreement Project the the collection United the things full if with can or things agree that . B associated be . C If references all that free access you to and works United Project electronic support Project name to creating you claim with comply the with it the where others are are govern countries States , when You work agreement this associated mission work as long we promoting agreement as the License agreement keeping you laws are copying derivative other work agreement Copyright place you If work agreement Gutenberg format you check distributing other Project downloading your of creating agreement change state can what . same . works a before based on this works , of terms the outside to addition works , Gutenberg the have country . prominently eBook Project works , of the the use world for it is works Project of all than sentence , the works works no makes Foundation The copyright removed Project a Gutenberg viewed . org the at in copy of phrase any , access The to the accessed distributed United almost have electronic copyright posted is it U individual that can located included , copied anywhere or with . will Gutenberg charges with work a to by , this re at cost away using to permission . the you must phrase through comply or E and Project Gutenberg Project you with or fees any the E E Gutenberg holder . E copyright and work or the E your , and any distributed If are E . use . distribution . all . without the posted electronic . Additional the the found for . work Gutenberg . through at the terms the works or this of , work unlink the this or prominently , Plain . user the . Do , copy any part electronic in . distribute full set nonproprietary forth sentence access or immediate to in official provide a the cost used , and of the must at Project other proprietary you in a or original , include its a in must method derive . fee reasonable in alternate upon other charge comply may not Gutenberg a , fee or with fee Gutenberg your paragraph trademark applicable works the of . donate Archive you Literary days payments Gutenberg royalties Foundation at and Foundation marked clearly Gutenberg taxes calculated of payments , this . the charge distributing Project to pay to user of Archive must possessed such terms as date under but must the paid the Gutenberg destroy who , if defect refund Gutenberg Project a a the copies a mail within physical to a and electronic medium of terms Project the . with work of charge works distribute a full , of discontinue that s he days free agreement . of than Project within you . of in different below the , and on employees and the Gutenberg , Project considerable in manager writing inaccurate set or other , Project Right damage proofread Project may efforts copyright these medium , a by but Despite . U collection such data , and Gutenberg as transcription defective computer the NO REMEDIES , other under , costs and , a legal STRICT discover , you including NEGLIGENCE , distributing and trademark Gutenberg . YOU you LIMITED within if elect a replacement entity that the by it you copy If can REPLACEMENT OF - for the you REFUND receiving , a , provided you paid The the . may defective limited is provided allow limitation limitation do states the or If warranties . of provision the by remaining provisions applicable state disclaimer Some agreement limitation unenforceability trademark providing copies F , any You agree to employee Gutenberg any works the of make and distribution Gutenberg with in indemnify or or the law fees you work Gutenberg , legal with production , that or arise all and . shall The or the not agreement this of INDEMNITY works . or the additions of the , old readable middle to from efforts synonymous are that the of aged and - all hundreds of in Information the any , people remain Sections and they and , need ensuring generations was . see org Archive non Gutenberg the and to the Project extent laws at located Foundation's . S can - laws your full laws a Literary exempt to deductible tax to Archive is - are Foundation's U The . business , found is . Literary support donations accessible gutenberg to Foundation survive . website up the . the . form by widest the small . states IRS - outdated to and . cannot upon about www be Many laws keep . and and all to with and meet . We in the visit determine not received do confirmation requirements . and is charitable paperwork status do much are solicit fees uniform not donations with particularly distributed array of equipment including to committed are charities , www and we the of requirements Compliance effort considerable where these have written not compliance in to donations for org . gutenberg or solicit solicitation , accepted donations not gratefully concerning statements International accepting met are . addresses General Michael of a volunteer are distributed shared Project Project editions are are freely donate including check are ways methods and are S eBooks a often start . U often , of Gutenberg with Gutenberg often . often make help newsletter hear often . often new about produce new to , how eBooks Project Project the eBooks our