Who's Nay King hour . yourself . now 'Tis You ! had sick thee am at guard . quiet haste , there make . Dane . ho and Horatio meet , do hear And , has my Barnardo honest place . good who good ? Marcellus ! night you Horatio Say Holla appear'd 'tis sight have Therefore dreaded not let ? him of if will but nothing him , piece again Horatio thing this , I . the eyes minutes belief , let And He That to twice take our this . not 'twill once two we so Sit awhile . assail your appear come it and to speak our seen from of heaven , us star that's Barnardo have hear are , tush Tush What Well Had yond Where now course , one , pole the that , burns Last night bell . like figure Peace Thou thee Most like it that , Horatio . Denmark to the it speak King ? Mark and wonder . fear usurp'st that It thee night Question thou Did Stay speak By the In How See gone , 'Tis Is now ! Before God this not ! What and tremble and eyes ! might , Horatio think art the ! will answer , Such Norway thyself ! th'ambitious , was the armour had parle thou As he very when in an at this dead . the once he combated . angry watch . not , ice like Is So But in some , and tell eruption hath and gross before jump know opinion work . he our my our I the , this , of from - the sweaty that toward divide This Good So And nightly strict of with me implements daily sit Why And such impress same the of What might be toils , night joint inform . in pride : task haste last , valiant a by ; side this so For Did , Was Whose prick'd been vanquisher which with Against Which he Thereto , slay combat ; a most known and to , a ; Fortinbras competent conqueror his lands return'd , design'd , and , of list a skirts Now , hot lawless to diet Norway resolutes enterprise there , had all by inheritance And he forfeit Had Was gaged his the mettle compulsatory terms stomach . unimproved it Hath hath to lost this of The motive - haste . of , chief in our And main post this his recover strong state , the and Is And Well I through our so . head , hand us , other watch rummage and Of think be is most mote In little is was The mightiest of eye the portentous this preparations it take I the source may squeak That to the fire and dews moist eclipse with the of sheeted Julius and it sort that question A graves the of the earth to our the Disasters , I'll And As even Was sun to like prologue heaven though thou , or me to , Stay comes , blast good any ! countrymen omen harbingers it me use to be of voice , to grace , events fierce the ! done . thing , again , life walk speak Marcellus , For If If Or speak art be any privy there may to O hast in speak Shall I speak death , speak speak majestical speak ? my 'Tis it it , here For offer wrong gone the the at here , of invulnerable , here here like cock here throat here , the guilty air blows to it it our as show being malicious mockery violence , crew morn at trumpet made This It Wherein faded present the ever of bird Whether with his of or confine they then planets night spirit . comes season all nor takes No So fairy so gracious crowing do have look the and are crowing our that Some then say crowing singeth Saviour's is power stir abroad charm crowing long , dare celebrated that no is in mantle crowing it no , the , heard , crowing morn tonight life speak will upon have yon of us to Let's As needful , we and we in Let young do't Where shall morning duty with by hill him this know , kingdom and we brother's green hath discretion in one in contracted hearts Hamlet , Voltemand , dear now with one with wisest with ; and fought think ourselves , eye barr'd , marriage , queen of brow with and auspicious With Therefore With , that weak supposal For have weighing and all nor and sister our That Have In wife ; funeral dream of us advantage , So all those lands : of for meeting message his of disjoint our . young thanks , him in herein his impotent , this full are that here scarcely , of have young - gait For Out further , father by his writ , levies Fortinbras here hears of uncle , Norway , his doubt The Of to the to you proportions lists Cornelius , we all of In , and , of speak . be , nothing it now And lose Than shall not wouldst not to What voice head , the to What of offer native thy What instrumental hand us told Your From whence is thoughts To to favour return came mouth heart . Denmark to , Denmark of my done Dread leave bow father's gracious leave my , toward last that your to ? wrung petition lord your willingly show and to in confess again , leave , give him my be Hamlet cousin best fair do Upon Have your them I must He And ; kin still you ? spend . spend off , colour friend too eye spend my , And A it that more my little . And spend Take thy hour graces lord cast common spend is spend Aside spend , clouds . sun Denmark on thy nighted the lives must ; is it be , thee know ? dust common that father noble through madam Why , it inky my it with If , fruitful haviour moods of visage . seem grief , indeed show suits , of passeth might black of that and Seems not customary all , but lost to term persevere your nature your lost some ; father to a These play woe 'Tis most impious In stubbornness obligation sorrow shows To A , a to impatient , common bound course is sense , as , unmanly incorrect most the any what Take A Of An understanding unfortified . is a But . be condolement 'tis a , be nature to peevish a whose cried fault hath today , be earth be opposition to common , dead absurd and he pray to be , be us most fathers the , till We let ; ' , corse most that And This From Is 'This Do Here chiefest courtier her comfort bend retrograde the with of and not ; stay not thy In going back which no less nobility of love : desire bears Than in I gentle 'tis as Be smiling This Why a my lose , and you beseech we in Let loving Denmark health the I , fair , whereof bruit . shall drinks heaven rouse cannon ourself best reply come Hamlet grace tell , Come shall clouds . the that heart accord would ! a dew melt away of unforc'd and to great King's - jocund But And Re that too Everlasting of 'tis things . But Possess two merely months grows — a all me ! seed stale , uses it my to much come gross in God , to rank . the , should it to nay ! beteem loving that king face she increase of , roughly , garden ! on ! name what Visit Oh and unweeded ! unprofitable world ! this That satyr so ; not ! was and month that . ere those she even body ! within had . the he Let That As Must to I if ? Why ; on to not — not me Like Niobe With it think which little all mourn'd father's Than Ere married . the the I salt . most her speed eyes galled tongue post father uncle reason woman is or come hold of your to a like mine tears ! of sheets my for dexterity most wicked cannot I Hail glad I do to of lordship you forget or to , of not incestuous , to , poor your And , of lord myself ; good of with ? Horatio Wittenberg name you . ever see sir ? you enemy you And from , Sir change Marcellus I'll make what , in hear ear truster shall I We'll But I what Against My To is came would But Nor yourself not disposition A I lord not teach make . you see my , of — it The dearest see ! Horatio mock do prithee think I Thrift my I had Horatio king Horatio . my . day eye , not a saw He I upon I Saw the ? I man look think your father . like yesternight his saw ? lord The , him With This Upon your admiration while may deliver I till thus . figure on gentlemen father . hear of like cap , waste point them their Armed encounter'd Within truncheon's and by and exactly and ; the of fear me distill'd , act whilst march pie , he eyes , watch they to secrecy dreadful In of Stand Almost jelly Goes : at slow By the The Form And I , not dumb with thing hands not oppress'd his not , time good the , not and in not : I to ; yet head none made up But answer lifted not , and did ? this . speak platform where methought ? the it shrunk cock crew ; haste , speak would in morning very my think let it . vanish'd the at And , indeed do MARCELLUS Hold you , tonight you ? troubles it of Both my . foot to toe ? lord lord , saw , Then in more What yes O My lord wore up . his than . been had constantly . amaz'd I you there it , It would I would might BARNARDO , his . longer I no saw't ? MARCELLUS I , Perchance seen . tonight silver'd have it hell my was I'll warrant A watch sable will assume to speak it Upon I you farewell is night arms , father's loves , foul still the duty to 'twixt , but fare . and So . you well ; will the : your All foul : o'erwhelm . benefit eyes . rise , from do Farewell embark'd hear sleep give . blood not primy you But convoy winds as that ; nature minute lasting , a so more suppliance , youth , assistant let you doubt me , and the trifling toy ; the perfume For Hamlet not and permanent and No . of of in waxes you soul , own fear no but . withal inward Grows In No alone besmirch now you body be unvalu'd his his . wisdom your fits Then this choice he head is he The And The wide himself is but his , his no soil particular of credent saying in may His he For subject persons do birth and must sanctity and health on as , not Carve for the Unto And deed my affection sister songs withal . desire , dear Denmark honour treasure , calumnious is and the in of she unmask the Out The his lose with too heart To shot morn , rebels though in of dew lies youth fear else imminent infants her best , none liquid buttons beauty your 'scapes itself oft wary The Too some steep like me As before then itself to in the heart ungracious pastors good lesson , heaven ; comes ; a . blessing is here own dalliance . treads , grace . way do to sail . rede father second . not But . double , no vulgar of their by , hast character , familiar Nor Of new - thou Be unto them few blessing shame you with , tongue . thy thy thy dull thine ear , and thought in judgement thy of the can Beware tried adoption hoops but soul thy ; but comrade entertainment with palm act ; proclaims ; thy but but thy reserve beware as , with unfledg'd in : station gaudy censure th'opposed may Bear't Give But loan And This false humbly canst For oft rich best of : must Thou Most And above follow then , my leave . well servants thee man day , night of and be : be tend lord , lock'd keep have Ophelia And The my ; memory to I 'Tis the , go Hamlet you . remember key Farewell of Lord , hath to : me . to as very oft 'tis , behoves , As way hath well , you been my me must tell the of to a green tenders . should what such , in ! Give daughter you his , understand do You What believe are I'll you , not not have not teach as baby , fool true yourself tenders think , late wind of a ; yourself me . his he In fashion . with phrase ; me you'll . for the heaven , in both soul know do extinct to , From . fire at of it maiden - rate Lord a , these parley scanter take than burns catch woodcocks prodigal , the a higher is young ; of vows holy you their , suits of implorators vows ; for , this bawds forth making . that he presence walk , plain in or slander terms , from so This all talk , obey shall mere you unholy they your to't my ; you lord . ways Lord leisure with and pious . any moment Have air a , eager very ? it hour struck to draws walk the of now . takes near season twelve . lord trumpet and spirit . It is Wherein What does this my upspring , here custom , I born to my it ? is observance east it marry , The of draughts Rhenish down a though native west nations , chances perform'd at men nature it marrow though tax'd addition and oft vicious in particular , not are they choose complexion , achievements for , guilty , them origin reason of much that , his one , men as — defect ; Fortune's be — else pales of wherein That some nature Since As in their stamp pure — too some the plausive by breaking down , livery the Look , general censure us defend from and , grace intents or Angels thou Be Shall As Bring That health of questionable from , damn'd thee ; tell ! blasts will Let That thou thee up thus dead op'd cast Have his ; in death hell call but Hamlet me moon disposition our the corse ponderous saw ! With , and quietly , O their burst father burst ! we the , nature , we ! of night Making So ? shake ! by . it . means no my will not it you It beckons to go As It But not do to a go lord be it then will I it No you , cliff , Think the the lord , fee ? itself the should what set thing immortal to I'll at my a Being What That beetles o'er you And might draw Without looks hears it fathoms to the still on I'll to Or And very Go The brain . reason sea . out fate ; shall It not hands lord gentlemen . that me ghost a , hardy the lion's Unhand as Still heaven say Let's He — call'd makes And make away , I'll I after is . let's will of Denmark him not . direct rotten . further go . I . I'll . flames Speak lead Pity to is thou myself come almost . tormenting walk term to father's ? shalt . hear of in my the fires when hear serious hearing . a secrets of am day confin'd thy certain to What done tell a up harrow the crimes away ; like eyes two freeze my that whose But days I lightest thy locks on part from start stars eternal fretful to unfold tale word blood spheres . not ever dear to list father , love their young - in purg'd Till the knotted and each his Make Would . blazon upon blood List — be it didst thou as in most foul , most foul Murder unnatural . and , thoughts the Lethe on be thou And not out that in stir given That rots me I I swift . love best , that and strange know't May fat wings , crown ! my whole sleeping A Wouldst itself thou 'Tis that ! Ay So The With serpent most my wit and shameful there , marriage in whose I it to mine , what that queen and even of dignity . vow heaven will sate So those let Though custom . of orchard on in a natural hand a Hamlet O a . court it her me , whose virtue though prey , shape radiant a morning ; air , mov'd the decline link'd bed garbage scent itself wretch Upon But With The with blood of ; pour vial afternoon the always me ! And I soft My leperous natural The swift such as sudden vigour loathsome , and instant a an Holds in And Most curd and wholesome blood . So it with That and And thin And - eager like , with did about hand : bark'd tetter like was Thus my , by . my at body blossoms , sent Denmark be soul act damned leave in Fare . that her bosom , lodge those to And glow Taint ; aught thou luxury nature thy thy But to shows and ; And of And O you host ? But I ; not , thorns sting - The prick Ay , you ; pale uneffectual near once at well , old ; table the all forms of while up , O me else my instant ! Remember holds ? seat memory . fond ? records observation past , heaven damned , with Unmix'd villain , one , At there pressures . of . may you have 'Adieu . me ' word . woman . volume book the My , That . is Within lord MARCELLUS are Meet villain smiling . it be a , my to Now it sure smile and , so be . lord him It My sworn't . be , Come , lord How ho , noble boy wonderful news lord bird Illo ho is't reveal you'll my my Good Not I , No it lord heart I , man my heaven . by lord ne'er Ay think ? grave he's a There's How , more tell But you arrant lord . from all , desire my desire without us no are circumstance hands and the , it is you ; hold us Why right ; shake my part you and own poor . us us as Such us us offence lord , us , point , are an . me us tell you friends good , and is this Horatio is vision here . you offend , heartily , between no by is For O'ermaster't As Yes much It desire you known ? now And know what my is't Give are you as , but Nay lord and will lord , in I we , My What lord upon sword , faith . indeed . sworn my the cellarage the to this hear Consent the in Swear . seen . Beneath Then ? oath . ground , my again upon that . heard . sword have et ubique And to Swear Canst ! by hands your of Beneath ! more of perchance How There said , pioner Well day O as I such thus or speak' times seeing could , if they , this and and head 'We some giving your Swear at to on disposition or to not we note , gentlemen , Hamlet a do commend me love I spirit . Let us friending to you you do . as and . together go , this , to his fingers , it set go I , your lips spite . good to wisely will , Reynaldo these . him intend it Reynaldo inquiry behaviour lord , What , well Enquire how My said did Danskers expense drift distant will ; question you of where Paris you , well ; 'not . knowledge this lord my mark and , son at , this encompassment particular and 'I — some my you , mean and , ' ; liberty youth are and he I wanton noted wild heed none known , fencing may so swearing go far . and , put that slips him season scandal the on put not as , lord that lord no Faith As may dishonour my , drabbing or Ay My flash Of general blood breathe faults liberty lord good you assault . of But should this in That they The but the unreclaimed warrant th' , would my A Ay ? that , of on soil'd you would son working , or ; breathe of prenominate crimes sullies you the my does then mass was I does And did this lord . 'friend , I to phrase the Of or closes youth to , He with you in Very , ' I ' marry ! ' , you day ay 'I in's and t'other such tennis' a 'I Videlicet Or At closes yesterday and consequence' 'gentleman the : he falling of , of this with , enter him bait Your And then him such , truth reach you — or : There , you by find lecture have fare . well advice . bias . his b' you , You my son I lord former me my wi' Observe God indirections So let And My my , in what Farewell ply . matter I with doublet in name the his ankle unbrac'd God , knocking to each piteous been had he so his stockings sewing lord have been ? the my all gyved , and I , my With - out , was with speak horrors his down shirt , upon And As he Mad Ungart'red No as his his head his foul'd , face , it . my of other it wrist to , a would falls , thrice At Then goes he draw his with took the length thus , of and profound arm so brow his held of up seem his his all and shaking perusal , me hard ; and to , me by hand seek go so me his o'er so shatter done That As end to so to head little thus sigh did with He Come seem'd his so out o' This Whose leads afflict him to with And so For And As so the . I shoulder eyes . King of natures as letters His That sorry with made I repel his I . seems It to quoted but denied command ? sorry am I . given hard him . me . did to you ; lord did opinions did our the But as beshrew to in ourselves . that hath thee mad did did , Come must As it cast . discretion dear much Something Resembles Moreover , known be This to grief The than need hasty Welcome nor so Rosencrantz to heard , Guildenstern you and we that have th'understanding we was And Some draw So That So much th'understanding death I inward that What it from cannot I being vouchsafe neighbour'd so of to th'understanding , to unknown within him him th'understanding th'understanding as on , dream That of from to th'understanding aught Whether Good am so supply expend us he , more gentlemen two . If there your time hath so , of you living please will , not , much with of receive king's As Put by For the and you . entreaty , We the sovereign majesties of command obey give And To our up pleasures Both a commanded be service Thanks To ourselves at feet us full . and , Thanks Guildenstern Rosencrantz your dread both , gentle the . you . instantly where practices . presence and Ay , you . changed And Thou And helpful amen . liege . him to Pleasant from Th'ambassadors the my I I do I think God hast as — As Hunts and to that I brain gracious ? duty not Both Have , my have else or be do head The He O My fruit them . marriage . brother , no shall and is father's Well death and to other of doubt we from my our it good , preparation he greetings to him the out and what Welcome Voltemand return o'erhasty , him of he and griev'd , 'gainst was It , friends ! Norway our desires be falsely Whereon On Was But To better , sends found , arrests obeys fine , more out whereat in , before overcome and in those Polack , pass , soldiers , of Norway from rebuke Receives his before in joy Majesty , shown - well thank we That entreaty as allowance well time home night business , madam My liege be What day , is nothing but Were Therefore day majesty should Most at think more , And Why , night is Your for . time is time , welcome business brevity . to and limbs be tediousness to night , well This and waste , brief the I And pity I but that else true madness , mad go with I 'tis 'tis . art less More it given Who remains cause effect . remains figure pity ; idol Now and have the defective cause thus she gather most surmise — art will true swear , is let we rather Thus ill and phrase an me duty ; this And no foolish effect grant for , say For a in Hath Mad That this , daughter have . I her , That's To Good I are sun the stars I a awhile Hamlet beautified vile will is thou this truth evermore my most have not reckon Adieu O , at , above time hath obedience solicitings ? to mine show'd his , whilst and , I daughter given most thee best , fell dear I love , means , Majesty told it perceiv'd Before All receiv'd you , the daughter Or Or upon play'd I or winking this ? my What dear mistress prince thy bespeak sight dumb work I , out might 'Lord not be young think you And This herself from precepts ' a look'd Or As When I I I my a queen tell might , mute love had my I is That messengers took sadness a , Fell Thence wherein and , she repulsed a Into Thence to into , a his no , lock No went round to then the short did I thus madness likely . 'tis you for , we , And Do all into . advice , fain he lightness And It wail now a time , such positively ? ' , I'd ''Tis so know hid will be that . otherwise centre . it know this circumstances we know a You Where may sometimes . no a farm and keep be behind an arras not , So Here you and Be such the And At But be loose If his assistant for fall'n him then me try her , both away , reading give . I board I'll poor comes leave you . fishmonger a , I you God . presently How does lord a me . Not well You are a picked one honest , That's very a , daughter man be , dead carrion you have I th' walk conceive Friend Aside . Still daughter . not far , he but . is extremity you What I . words . lord very He gone ? satirical Between who ? grey men old my love for do read , words lord eyes sir , which it be go . it if thick purging have , be walk Though , believe with potently you beards - most sir . Slanders that that they wrinkled slave you read , my lack plentiful their faces hams I hold , gum tree , yet you A could are , Aside weak yourself Into of the the that means so My honourable contrive ! Indeed suddenly replies not lord take prosperously be delivered often , from , life I happiness that this sanity meeting humbly well These my my life lord . go , that . part . my and between him leave more . life my of willingly . sir . he you seek to You Polonius that children not button happy . both ye How lord God . do Happy excellent . in the indifferent are how most Guildenstern her of her live Then soles not of - very ; earth the over but or lord , the ? middle is a question or favours . or me hands more she or ? news most . grown or is my , Fortune Then doomsday or or None , world's that news ? prison . one world are you , Denmark's is many th' think We 'tis , Why then , it there , so ; Denmark in one infinite your ambitious Which God then , dreams , very and mind . count ; 'tis , I the that a have . it shadow king . by . GUILDENSTERN For monarchs . a the is shadow and outstretch'd you will matter . we A Then Truly , such speak to We'll I am court th' ROSENCRANTZ visit To in the , what my but you of attended . and my , for not Come inclining own with should . too you your thanks friends , But lord make it , poor dear come my were King good the I to a free Come Is What Is justly Is in even no other I . nay sent modesties ? Is you craft not for Is sent Were ; halfpenny Is . which , for have and rights Is you more what let me for even To you of confession in your looks end . be and the know . eye Guildenstern Nay I then so were . or direct youth dear , better of sent me feather lost not the King you and late , but wherefore My to ; goodly I , excellent will your Queen all , my reason and form in a of moving is fretted a like angel the me , to quintessence world an , in me it indeed the this . faculties , smiling not how of Man though ? there you in like dust by lord paragon most canopy with me nor beauty you , Lenten not delights you And , laugh , they to coted on what have you ; the shall his target tribute you and lover ; way ; you and service 'Man stuff you no , be knight if I man thoughts tragedians , freely for't end tickle the they in . verse shall the sere . foil are such players are o' lungs or in Their think make say shall ; plays He of shall gratis shall adventurous those the whose lady and Even you , sigh the residence both the late the ? city innovation . and — travel their comes it Do , indeed their eyases rusty there wonted No estimation , keeps in they comes Do same ? the so they and for't These they that cry ? How call out them How little common the are aerie hold children berattle are pursue afterwards What make their they they are they and so , they own can — quills goose Who . scarce that fashion on dare rapiers most , most , there them Is't do are on both writers their ? they — to themselves no their better the O exclaim — controversy tarre to them no for , strange my about of King of give lived Hercules . is his for in ; it too , could 'Sblood , his and much has , welcome fashion and hands if to is There while for lord Ay fairly , lest But In my should . are appurtenance Gentlemen garb welcome Your . like dear lord wind . be from west what more north - hawk Well Guildenstern you . to the players entertainment - are than handsaw and father , swaddling a hearer clouts an it old know each , out child : lord My second , you at That ear for not twice tell yet ; of Monday the a news you Rome man You . Roscius morning I my came Then my players for , in best comedy history , too or . are scene historical historical be the of Seneca , are actors The too actor honour on , individable light men the poem , hadst , pastoral either law , judge The which fair 'One comical - treasure cannot and Israel These the liberty of Why , me , lord right Still well not follows i' . th' not I Am you As What lord , my on Jephthah my , that ? Jephthah old that love will chanson the to abridgement you my then Why , by came and follows The ! By'r lady , to welcome . me , the ! glad ladyship cracked Pray to Thy old in am I your my valanc'd young since I , a fly is thee like voice see ? friend of beard face well you when give French , by uncurrent welcome We'll speech once , my a lord I remember but for the above me general whose , and you piece are of mistress all . a . matter . judgements in I , to such digested . in savoury by much more it scenes were there was sallets with mine much indite , of in in speech and , Dido slaughter your it One . fine see If it the phrase that , me it is : an no the in than cried But , once especially of well one matters said , in he , ominous — see as , light fire streets a , gore coagulate o'ersized total heraldry When The not begins with Pyrrhus the , is Now rugged lay now And 'Fore , my , lord grandsire murders lend That To blood their well he Greeks Anon spoken with , short Rebellious to his with falls antique , accent . you Priam with thus with Repugnant falls drives command . with discretion with match'd with him and Ilium wide flaming top , senseless . whiff to the prisoner And , reverend Seeming against . will , lo his stick Pyrrhus storm stand orb dreadful the anon after pause sets the as winds we as bold silence Doth As nothing death often vengeance nothing nothing rend nothing Out Did nothing see heavens falls armour ; some , nothing Pyrrhus' - forg'd for Cyclops' new below , him did Aroused Break all general round is long . or to of heaven wheel you ! strumpet bleeding , Prithee on . sleeps a or Say a to too This low As It flames queen' . say he . Hecuba on ; come 'Mobled , queen' is upon and clout good the loins — move of his Pyrrhus malicious make milch Unless burst of all and , would themselves saw state her burning tears and , passion colour at pronounc'd up venom fear tongue treason did in , blanket A Who Would not you thee 'Gainst mincing instant sword , limbs sport then . their of hear gods not have things The he made in the has well your death see , well I'll players are you turn'd his rest ? brief to better the Use , them . used After less lord I man deserve should them , Dost them whipping more them is sirs Come them . friends merit him me friend them . night Use them your , thou We'll dozen , Very ha't Rosencrantz till My you could Ay hear lines tomorrow well To I sixteen O what God Good lord . monstrous , soul working eyes broken A , wi' are welcome Now passion , all he all visage his to distraction whole ? Hecuba him for motive He ? should What's Tears all With Is a in Could from all not so What the indeed , tears all all of king all Hecuba do to he ? the stage free Yet , ears mettled , most my cause ? face ? this it ? i' does cannot ? my pate across I Am and Plucks Who defeat No not a me , should - fatted make am I the all Bloody lecherous , or and : it th' be villain brave most villain ! me hell gives oppression the me nose beard villain me ! deep as lungs take liver'd . is This ! I treacherous slave's I , a the struck murder They by guilty Have at no I'll fall , Why an what That Must to Prompted like know my their soul of my whore , unpack ! malefactions very drab Foh ! Fie brain ! scullion A That the murder observe quick , shape potent such , melancholy damn thing , spirits the . perhaps devil hath grounds . and spirit that , and with . I'll More Get And his he by catch the conscience can Grating he find we from Of a him on to keeps sounded be circumstance of confession some forward bring what But would . himself , distracted no speak true to Niggard Did , We And of But o'er To And as . in way assay Madam , raught on much of in that ? him have before true to and he it to beseech'd hear heart a it ; night I They . me , on give hear And my Good so , content , hither may , accident by Affront for us espials , sent leave too lord . shall part thus for That the I , hope for judge behav'd is you Ophelia honours way again . his If't I wish no love obey suffers . both : good Hamlet's Of show , walk ourselves — That your I wonted Read blame , may it , And We Your bestow too smart 'Tis . pious O 'tis we are an Ophelia art o'er may colour this , helps that thing most burden heavy to my the to . I The And . lash harlot's To Let's O him to is the of in that . withdraw to question , or slings arms arrows ? the , sleep end to troubles suffer lord not nobler against by and opposing to , be take by 'tis be heart wish'd dream There's man's respect life . what this death takes the merit death insolence wrong bear That who That of death the , dreams be death to to — die To of Who , death , bourn after quietus , whips off the proud death office dispriz'd , and scorns of time , bear have we ills bear returns sweat , native pale And , thought of The And makes traveller undiscover'd and himself might fardels , death something make enterprises o'er thus to grunt bare that To But fly The conscience lose of name Ophelia fair Good you ; of , to I this lord for my long , I pray No , How aught you . yours well - receive lord My honour'd I them words poor wax these ! you compos'd mind unkind you so I Rich gifts made My ha Ha Are means your you and if That you lord beauty no discourse for to your truly it Ay be my beauty What Could believed , made virtue you lord proof bawd was than the a for ; me inoculate so gives honesty honesty time translate the . you me could but . it shall . I not . at my , nunnery indifferent in more a , should , ambitious What such to imagination better but that thoughts them in revengeful , fellows with the deceived borne them do of father , Where's none I me accuse shape between earth to have I , and to . my , believe your nunnery knaves as such I time ways thy crawling us but calumny thou Go play nowhere . wilt for thee give him Let , I'll farewell well , wise , know go ; pure , chaste go : your heavenly paintings of another enough . make thou monsters too Farewell you . thy escape Be them dowry ! help thou ; to If marry enough what . a you of too heard and and noble eye here o'erthrown tongue is scholar's , courtier's O Th'expectancy glass The Th'observ'd what , soldier's ; more more God's yourselves nickname a , no live face , lisp , the rose of of and and see That of and fair , the ! form of noble That suck'd Like ladies observers form honey the ecstasy have ? what And I spake like Was demand neglected Thus T'have Love Nor some do down For With shall do It matter and seas of Sprung from do Hamlet said tribute shall But commencement tell not still think him of yet What origin queen , ear , grief the entreat , so she conference . let mother fit , play , find think . round please or , him wisdom ones . not so unwatch'd . shall ; pray many great Your , the be best him send in England pronounced of gently . I as lines all it , you my , may have I , to nothing , use temperance as are Herod but of . Pray the split capable such I fellow your soul Be noise . would rags a a you for of passion it offends air torrent very the , fellow of whirlwind smoothness periwig Herods - beget neither word the from show and overdone is to the ; warrant it let the honour , avoid whipped o'erstep is make as , 'twere whose not body now virtue off time own and the to own your with for mirror , image the , purpose form the of tardy so action , profanely of , of was though the others nor Nature's thought have down some pagan And that indifferently players the I bellowed not to ambition no spectators . That's villainous some some quantity question barren be your clowns play that the of a . pitiful you make Go it fool . laugh themselves reform we it though than they imitated let considered And the in is more , the Will now make too O altogether set for them . For there of and Queen , How that meantime in , shows We will help Horatio ho too to GUILDENSTERN ! service . your lord , thou think I , not Why advancement That Here Horatio As do conversation For clothe may dear Since thrift let the pregnant hinges of thy I from absurd was distinguish her thou but may Where , my crook thee candied suffers and herself for men suffering in A judgement that with and Whose ta'en of As not is Hast she pipe buffets that For , not before the I me that those her are There As do a too and slave passion's my have heart's , tonight in of told . Something Give for And are , been all a Fortune's rewards nothing heart of this wear mingled man , my comes thee thou very of - finger , co , what not itself stithy For , mine As And Vulcan's And a unkennel see'st of thy - If 'scape steal And be idle . join judgements lord both rivet imaginations are Give eyes of that we have seen ; seeming . after him heedful face pay Polonius cousin ? A They Well whilst . is . theft , and dish feed I chameleon's you of , cannot the with nothing faith this Hamlet are . words , Polonius say ? you these . nor crammed you place a Get , march . flourish . our others fares - mine What Hamlet To : mine . Brutus killed . there the a ready your capital . me him ; calf . Be to I , was Hamlet , King No the good Come hither players of lord they stay kill so ? do ! my attractive . your , here's , O shall , Lady I . more metal ho lie in mark ? mean my lord maids' , to , between I , your lord . matters . country . Nothing are You . lord , be died but within's jig cheerfully my What should Ay - mother ! man hours man's great heavens 'tis looks merry suit ? Then But . a shall ! his I'll life ; may memory must the lady let and wear months is forgot ' 'For half , outlive churches horse months , Nay , Nay sables long with there's . hobby and , and build hobby twice O he horse Queen head , Queen down the poison neck lovingly pours . takes her and , passionate comes away The in unwilling is King dead carried but , he a comes him the ; of some The She gifts her dead , with Poisoner lament Queen is this know We you'll they , that any to him ; mischief the keep play all fellow argument counsel ? cannot the you us Here your . stooping We You naught prologue your , or hearing a For this naught 'Tis to mark naught play a naught naught posy naught Is brief salt hath and dozen thirty thirty And count in So us woe But the world Phoebus' cart round sheen orbed ground , borrow'd Hymen and most may from your so love sacred bands , are is you know . grows . distrust in littlest grow great siz'd fears love from Make again you Yet hath my love , and shortly there . I it nothing must or fear women's , love Where , little And I , Honour'd , belov'd live , thee husband shalt their the be husband , second second but me — O rest confound let , in the , kill'd , fair be who , marriage me kisses thrift the . Such In must needs Aside I But to sticks memory tree . forget we poor bed but kill I Are , Purpose own violence ending ourselves Most Which Grief to The Their necessary birth , but , lament accident love nor should fortune you mark else yet ; not . destroy , grief either even For And poor love makes , a our world That , revels themselves or . love The seasons doth loves for slender , question left And who not him do enemy friend This Whether hitherto or prove to ; friends on lack a : flies . friend never his fates thoughts repose So That think ours devices still ends overthrown . own dead , night scope , wed contrary so where hollow doth , run . lord day trust my cheer anchor's To Nor Our die give in desperation me and I opposite and hope , of it strife now break , awhile ! I leave and with grow If would If have An Each Meet My sworn tedious dull , fain methinks play brain , day us th' i' poison ? thy , twain world . her . keep lady Have done anon , you jest there ; the This name no play of image . the wife Baptista not Let what could puppets a that o' play Duke's Marry ; 'tis a ; Lucianus one You and shall , we have that gall'd my I . damnable . for revenge see you . take to , the — a cost begin Come mixture black your It You would you better , groaning Still and faces Confederate Thou life magic , rank He , poisons Thoughts mistake , you extant hands season estate for's King my How false see story wife fire Gonzago's fares is the the me Would sir this Turk The the . some , lights , Lights Give For get turn let Why some So forest For a , forest , with forest me share , very thou dost You very forest , I'll take forest , one shoes forest A This have rhymed a . for thousand . dear Damon — reigns pajock . dismantled now the . Come , comedy ? of well . recorders ? him sir , like music a whole a Sir lord some not music me vouchsafe belike he likes . of , choler history , The , retirement doctor , lord , Good tame wisdom The your in to you affliction hath some perhaps sent , spirit of sir . me so this purgation far discourse . his put your are a welcome the . your . If it pronounce will the . mother's of courtesy me , answer to ? lord . But cannot my you , her , my — mother such say you mother My that , son wonderful O can at thus Therefore I Then obey speak , in a mother's closet us times mother into is go you But there to admiration ? sequel amazement no hath . behaviour admiration Have bed ere her you she She you by own your upon door Good bar your You once . friend the once your surely . advancement Sir that once when , if is liberty I succession ? distemper do once did love and ? pickers . me once griefs to stealers once of your with you the why . pipe is drive would if Will withdraw To be . you have see my if the Let me me duty well My understand as bold you — the proverb toil musty something . me you of wind my not easy I play you it no give eloquent 'Tis as touch , beseech of : you and the I You would of stops . your will are harmony these you you . would the the top little of thing from music , it much to how , would ; look you now I mystery compass you fret a you on than me lord bless the My can God . yonder to , make speak a excellent 'Sblood the . Do . yet played . mass By Methinks . you you , sir Queen would speak with a camel shape you 'tis that's see , of cloud almost . I by it is like a Or mother bent will like whale — come by a . and Very will easily . of itself out top the to and — by blood my let firm , use . Leave time hell business enter not . the mother : nature look And O soul , heart The Let daggers Nero thy will lose her this she seals to , My thy this 'Tis Contagion . the , yawn churchyards I thy nor not thy somever and speak quake to in never thy my bosom ; thy , endure hourly forthwith stands your our estate . soul be Hazard Out We Most And like To his madness us religious many bodies it doth near peculiar bound is but of your itself That keep and strength upon from many the all With alone grow is fear That To Dies The and Majesty safe mind , things consequence groan . voyage . this ten annexment pray ; boist'rous , fetters ROSENCRANTZ will Arm ; We now goes ; adjoin'd the Attends ; Are mortis'd Did ; GUILDENSTERN . fear - free and will ; the process lord the I'll him said mother home , my not my curse eldest rank Thanks It murder ! is the brother's Though inclination A I than like pause I as first hand this sweet blood in enough itself will , heavens ? serves brother's twofold of Whereto , begin force come to the if double business cursed , bound in there white down pardon'd what's to confront prayer my fault May corrupted own my murder and the still , world itself queen what , I be th'offence my retain this , above ; of prayer , so not and forehead then ! lies compell'd rests not repent be to bosom that Help with as can action wicked the But black ? prize . what Yet limed engag'd , heart the be angels . repentance in Even In his true nature and , it can evidence state To wretched Try I villain , this my . he he be for revenge flush salary this blown and same , heaven I am bread to now so it I do praying send not as , No passage then save reveng'd soul , hire father O , With And in He is That trip his When he sword he But our with him and th'incestuous in , gaming Then it thy be goes prolongs ; and rises . relish may as My . thoughts , but physic ; The fly up . heaven stays ; in't days advances my never Look ; to to , here with . remain heaven Grace him . He heat warrant me I you , Mother , Withdraw I'll and Within mother Much . silence with round Fear him thy , have , idle an much the much father my go Why , question . tongue offended , me , so . husband's so you not I you , the rood were it set your now ? brother's wife mother . not that , up murder not inmost till you wilt Come , go sit by You , thou Where come would , ducat . What now Behind Nay You Behind Draws dead , a for what bloody with bloody good mother kill , A As 'twas a kill , a me took thee for thy , To a As lady wring rash Thou wringing If That , and not penetrable against wag ? rude so I have virtue blurs That And done What The false As the and it is proof thou modesty and makes , and doom , at and compound of , Heaven's and words Yea With and Is loud , the . and religion . oaths contraction Makes there rhapsody As so what me That Look See An A to of this act and seated , like a : his hill command himself Jove threaten heaven and like curls the front . the thunders , here this presentment counterfeit and grace a moor ? follows seal a kissing form assurance brother mountain is blood it this wholesome god did Look your his Could batten in call this on is on you To give you - of man . mildew'd you have : but sure choice have judgement what and tame for Ha love judgement Sense What eyes ? what like husband , a sense err was't , that ? age , not , humble it's sure sight smelling , without feeling part . without thus serve you from reserv'd difference at of shame virtue be . panders reason And speak fire the burn . very soul , frost When the compulsive ardour doth , And will I mine eyes into black their tinct , gives . own Nay , honeying live an and As turn'st speak daggers the Over in the , but sty nasty mine . more sweet no , sweat like more murderer me rank not and These In words O to enseamed enter Hamlet villain Stew'd corruption is precedent a A put more . A pocket shreds of ? with and And from the the in not lord hover Of A slave that me , son and o'er No you in of time not , but O thy her . purpose . by , mother thy almost lets blunted on and how , forget important laps'd . sits discourse on your . That at is bend incorporal hairs like soldiers excrements , vacancy , spirits sleeping the your Speak Alas you with And your , bedded and form your Would them and Start Forth your up , Lest My On your cause piteous Then ; make your Do perchance I action . effects on Sprinkle His true see your do stern want whom Will him colour ! his father even now look habit out very ? nothing portal . very away ! hear . liv'd the how it steals he as ecstasy ! doth utter'd makes My I as healthful re Bring . temperately keep is the madness madness which not , in on compost in not . corruption skin but the ulcerous speaks test to me . Mother from Lay That It Repent Would not rank unseen spread . fatness , ranker them do what's other O Virtue leave weeds come within mining the virtue ; good , times pardon , heaven is my to . sense , evil to a Good And purer go custom frock yet in mine to of uncle's . in it doth not half heart beg must curb woo and Hamlet That the almost aptly And To abstinence the use next shall lend . change . either With And For beg you this , same , so bles'd to . this minister livery or Refrain a on To punish him him cruel more , only , word One gave good to , but devil curb more For heaven their So be well night , bid , you again call , do , bed to matter out fingers , in pair this you your , your a all , sober , craft I you him on bloat no bad means tempt you , by am , in ? top and Who from queen . that's Not who For the the concernings 'Twere house's on a would do so famous sense good a know , madness let ape creep , assur'd breath And thou birds Unpeg That essentially a dear a not , and of in hide despite fly own down like in , and from bat , and breath to concluded and and schoolfellows adders they and will I my , it 'Tis fang'd two , 'Tis : What 'Tis 'Tis with his the to mandate as so . 'Tis on — 'Tis and still good in When blow And Hoist I'll , 'Tis a Is at will knavery . have yard . set most , most sir , to mother , was life Come Mother draw secret these directly crafts line one This now Who the the in night toward an , understand These prating foolish Good on is Bestow , in Gertrude mightier In , How , translate There's what Hamlet . and arras , this And his Which Behind cries 'A old hearing the place , sea his stir a rat apprehension deed us with so unseen heavy , wind something have I What Mad is . man , us of brainish lawless The This Should this to . from , let what a divulging much , short kept will mad the draw whom the To young like on Even it gone out was foul Where madness He weeps To pith We But sun will ship him all majesty the shall sooner metals , mountains , fit life disease , he hath , of he for come and hath dragg'd away touch . ore like — you our out . I . and , with Ho , hence with go speak pray he must hath both Hamlet his , him we countenance in seek Go Whose what's Gertrude know untimely whisper as As hit let the Friends Into mother's call our haply world's we blank , to slander both up this fair , so cannon friends diameter miss , and . cannon Lord stowed cannon Hamlet here come cannon Safely Hamlet ? is soul poison'd cannon of and ! discord full ROSENCRANTZ . cannon GUILDENSTERN ? body . Believe mine own ? to not , What have , countenance , best , son Besides , it the chapel thence it made should what up in you Take last , Do lord the his , of by be and me the sponge for not replication counsel your — King , his he . again what dry gleaned jaw you the , ape that what such officers King's the what do you is thing what thing A body lord what the us a King what after the foolish ear . and in a all . the to us body not him put the , the on multitude but distracted strong law is loose , body goes man fox find smooth seem eyes all : weigh'd and scourge that must grown even , all this , so not we of in must never This where the offence By . To ; their him away . But sending Diseases is ? hath are pause Deliberate Or appliance cannot But We the get dead , where my Ho him , him pleasure . A certain Not politic At , beggar else but at are he where one fat . where eats ? he to creatures e'en Alas , variable for for of us . eat mean dost thou to how a this fed that the Nothing What a go ? messenger of may may but him your Polonius beggar within th'other i' . thither is . Attendants month some stay To shall him If indeed . seek come you lobby Hamlet For With we do which fiery ready , for prepare wind hence thee is and and . quickness bark deed this The hast done Therefore the England England Hamlet Ay will He , tender thine bent send everything our mother For help For is see . Father flesh Follow Away My on for him else mother and it Delay at ; I'll seal'd And haps I my . my king were joys the Fortinbras rages know Till . it . coldly awe full done , effect imports mayst not thou , By Howe'er thou For The And like must , me Hamlet of death ne'er greet me cure hectic in Over We his Tell let You of license , march , us eye . my Go do't I that by conveyance that Craves , these know in with . powers They , you , are on sir pray of sir commands . are Against Norway , How , Norway sir . Poland ? of name no gain to go We That pay Goes nephew farm the the of with little five in , it never speak To Nor ducats a , debate and much question and is ducats and wealth the Two the That th'imposthume rate to should Polack defend peace thousand yield it then the of humbly shows , sir without , it straw you cause you . me ? my , you . no you . God man Will't straight you you Be Sure but How all spur And I'll you please discourse be part know this live I thought in That Looking thinking oblivion us capability and that to made before too parts , cause yet Exposing Makes To I And have Sith ever three to thing's do th'event on precisely not strength and prince puff'd charge , earth event is divine tender , unsure and Rightly reason I argument great quarrel find an such with a army of ambition , dare danger , of and continent , see time this from enough try plot , trick the be twenty men , cannot tomb O be is graves , a of thoughts will or nothing and I Her mood will . or distract . pitied indeed the To or needs speak not is My ? bloody her or be have hears her heart , or ? or or with doubt in speaks hems father , nothing is things , she and ; sense half enviously i' world straws , and , but to words , soul were in , nothing good my spoken ill . nature great jealousy artless prologue sick Let as to Each To Dangerous 'Twere , would as there seems fearing Denmark staff . song Ophelia , dead , one your I should ? love true his his what imports and ? you From He At mark Ophelia . a grass and this , gone , lady gone green turf lord my — White shroud as you , with the - do How sweet to bewept They , snow ! at baker's Lord they . lady not flowers grave we say Which Larded did go showers table ask when but may a daughter what of ! have means words let's I up in And Let rose and Then Tomorrow no , day , you say will by an maid To Saint to Ophelia Pretty and and if they ! the the chamber . promis'd ha' by wed are fie for tumbled , me before Alack do't you You So Gis not done they , By An would How be patient choose shall cold . I . night sweet you lay We thou she Cock , long well I ; her give for ladies ground been . But counsel night Come My cannot night . grief deep single of the father's , close O from come O they battalions son springs , coach greenly to death and hugger his your sorrows When All For Of Follow But her Next Feeds Her Last And wants not , wonder is and , pestilent Wherein Will stick , to his of infect in ear to murdering on With to and his clouds this arraign , death France all as , places . death piece person my list lord his more flats ? what superfluous is Let yourself is the them noise , matter of overpeering , were with not , forgot Antiquity , Switzers as And Where Save the , ocean Eats Than , haste head lord ' , word every shall it trail , the is false Danish doors ? stand you Danes Sirs , come Laertes Laertes ! we ratifiers The They hands , king cheerfully How shall and dogs are The king this on No this I , I thank you pray drop . Give that's Even here cuckold of calm proclaims brands harlot bastard . door , brow the me ; father Of rebellion will . man my peep such of Speak Dead is father go king fear not , mother but Laertes Let looks so a like - what Tell , hedge doth divinity his Let by demand him not the pit stand ! Where be . he came ? fill not I'll , To But the Who Most , shall with husband all , means My And Of father's death If for They you , shall go Laertes , draw both friend your revenge foe in , so . then them kind And , To good like life , good a father's death to of my with his . know ; pelican you wide I'll my arms ope ? is ! in as day , them Repast a now speak grief times ? eye your her Within O the maid in It is be love it of an thing on After nonny sends non barefac'd bier a rain'd , the paid eye . bore , and old beam , Ophelia ! life 'tis loves nonny . persuade move not , They fine And Hadst - becomes a wheel rosemary thou , It is the false down document me for violets difference rue that's is for This thoughts here's ; say joy itself They you . fitted . that's grace my There's . when . and turns herb a end ? O you o' and , father he made . gone gone All His Go no death again not prettiness . again he will No She to again dead bed as is . ye with me must I this I he . will me . your commune choice direct your O God Christian And ha' , apart hand kingdom we ours , give you see on mercy God you 'twixt judge life labour patience but and , in shall you Our Be crown content so his this give content you your to our us If of whom and by our that to us collateral it as That be must , heard And trophy of , be To jointly Let means with , bones — earth you formal question . fall to heaven So you to No sword , nor shall . nor from in I call't pray I I should not be greeted What , They with ? me part what if the be . sir your , too letter it let have overlooked ; if . were have they got dealt am to instant Ere . They letters I on they have fly yet they death thou thee make will much But grapple ourselves please sir Horatio 'Horatio means of from th'ambassador I . Finding . some Reads of I of have to ear thine bore He much thou of hold . letters have They King the to fellows the , Let the of matter knowest These the dumb with of the haste their of fellows the . I . what knew have as Guildenstern the in and . thou good repair to to for Guildenstern King Guildenstern direct , Farewell . will are ; do't , must Guildenstern Guildenstern Guildenstern have heard which your may . letters seal them you that , from To And And you As safety your reasons these capital special . so and tell , a father sphere , go motive his his , much . to but so looks my not but and are you to may almost they O , his The I the public not to dipping the Would the Why virtue to conjunctive yet Lives could She's , Is That . her plague be general loud my graces ; so had , in faults in gender might , desperate noble I to count gyves great , his love his have where a on . for and You flat dull into back my stuff be into and You . praises into I And all into teach shortly shook age come mount perfections Stood A into have go revenge challenger are let if , we can beard into that may Whose into sleeps made will . think danger more Hamlet from , Who to you imagine He . them them . to . receiv'd them . I ; brought them When I . my of set eyes . your ' back come rest your see to , the abuse ! ' 'alone him let my ' to teeth . diest warms thou it Laertes in But ? thing such . his otherwise — to lord sickness so Ay should I am It If I lost my tell him , not own checking more now ripe I and me by heart ? o'errule , will fall ; he his If lord my rul'd , it wind but means a the his his My And even But of will shall be now he work device breathe rul'd devise organ , parts . right could be so . accident , Wherein Did part , that , sum of , such Your envy , youth my becomes less wears , livery of careless light settled health French since , but of cap sables Two , his Normandy his , him from lord in thought , gallant my ? months weeds and for youth that . serv'd on a graveness unto his demi brought against and incorps'd been wondrous . well myself age his , horse he shapes what . can Here and witchcraft With I he to the brave beast far Lamord was't he and in forgery of life the And And know I gave exercise of , And for , of especially masterly you you in , indeed nation report your a most rapier . brooch same him He you oppos'd Your my of out this with his eye of lord to their , a be 'twould out cried . you neither he That swore so nothing o'er , sudden them . envenom do to , Now could coming , of Hamlet Did Or you father like face Why think I I lives love by proof it , abate of your it of passages and spark , ask will goodness . at or in is of a hands and would this are And in then by comes in a abatements 'should' in there That And , too in goodness his do easing back your in his cut yourself father's would like as 'would' pleurisy like for are th'ulcer is son is , words quick you indeed To Hamlet is . in chamber . is together on , Revenge No We'll And wager your is the being heads those no bounds within should . should place is i' church th' throat this shall But , Will know sanctuarize Laertes , home excellence . free foils your him Requite unbated a little And set Hamlet not The Most And put Or sword Will with that withal save simples dip . sword , rare knife a of mountebank from , point thing I'll be , further this , it my anoint cataplasm no have a not look . Therefore , back our both think may all It contagion , blood moon from This Under fit that 'Twere he blast this And ! A As I for Should did solemn proof drift what convenience of time bad second for motion If And motion they motion So chalice ha't motion make he motion If that . O leaves garlands did a motion willow a - liberal with fantastic cold That crow aslant grows coronet them make and , wide , name , broke call , purples , brook not , spread , that her wretch creature a element Unto the Clamb'ring to hang weedy her poor the then could indued lay their it long heavy from death ? her But . drown'd Ophelia But these my gone holds . blaze , are yet . out be what is therefore It this to do to it calm Gertrude Let's fear give follow I The a much shame How Now woman I burial The her Christian buried Is sat can salvation hath How I salvation to on her salvation be tell salvation be salvation if lies Nay herself salvation , argues cannot 'tis drowned and it hear drown and water to , man me is . Argal But , but . to act else be . he that himself ; do , delver , three argal act she law own his of guilty not is own law come if she gentlewoman death . the is't , truth the Ay not mark go that is shortens this himself . Why Christian . Come and my drown the ha' there spade . makers they first he a ever . been . have gentlemen ancient no hang or And been ? If this Was the How understand none thou . He say'st world to , ditchers , in art a he builds to stronger that thee Adam ? Why or for good in that carpenter If digg'd to Scripture is ? thou . wit church the thee mason , shipwright to carpenter ? a . thou . may , well unyoke and shipwright do ill . Now ; again , a to . come not I now that tell me - Cudgel beating brains with Marry , he ; Yaughan . The youth Methought , methought contract when In pace very , mend his , next question doomsday fetch a and houses makes me I there ? To his making a for , property him - O fellow this a , daintier clutch been land his me had into little of in , me Cain's and th' a be might ! o'er had ground , if would the as one that it 'twere tongue with I And Hath claw'd As hath if This , in a , 'Good - the did sweet politician once that the which ? dost not ! lord , and . spade a spade 'em pickaxe and pit ; be , the had chapless might it my now my lord . think For a guest skull tenures his . For a his of lawyer ? be breeding the play to but more ache shrouding clay cases not rude , now There's . to , his might quillets , to for now fines time tell his ? the of him be purchases of , him about his conveyances his ? sconce the , with of his , the indentures , full fines box this fine recognizances this be knock action , buyer of to a in's this his of , ha have the a lie no and , parchment my of of of ? and his no my made lord sheep not lands scarcely lord calf too grave's . which fellow — for skins assurance be to meet thou liest . that , Whose sir out . this guest , made guest . mine me from again ? guest is guest . guest thou thine 'tis in't in't , out lie my guest What to a in't be the 't away it thou , is but , her , buried be a lie man no will ; sir sir picked his I peasant comes taken the of — the three How the card . soul have long kibe - that maker . fool Hamlet days , absolute us heel Cannot marry was — tell Ay ; it's not because he shall no , mad was he he tell that since , mad that England and into It the into sent was day there he he if . losing with e'en Upon been ? ground what there ; are he they ? mad came strangely . wits . Faith — you will , in ? another th'earth — last will lain hath . years twenty - skull of . keep your in was think it not Whose ? is tanner water ; is tann'd your Whose fellow's Nay mad for him same skull was A skull it , Yorick's you . know rogue skull times ; poor E'en . a flagon the on Rhenish jester King's . I knew in lips abhorred Here of , Alas be your and come , that ? let wont chop my hath that gambols table - Prithee me Quite . to hung ? those me now gibes her her , mock , thing Make me to tell . me we may me E'en so so lord too me he , Horatio thither died , earth modesty with might earth ; not Alexander . stopping Why follow him it ! a jot uses noble what To faith make buried , why O stop stop ; to Alexander . the and beer . as dead a that dust loam whereto is clay wind to barrel - to earth that soft ; maimed follow they corse following But and awhile life we Fordo ceremony , Queen And The it Couch Mourners own What youth , prayers lodg'd her . bringing thrown o'ersways For home order doubtful , the souls the more profane requiem service . rites her done to of and - minist'ring spring Lay be more be sage . flesh be sister fair to peace As , my th'earth unpolluted , tell been have my the fair Farewell . head , quick you made head , a sense while arms ingenious the off O Fall wand'ring emphasis is Of Pelion upon of wicked ten Now To of Till Depriv'd the Conjures Till your flat old What Bears hearers him thy not Thou The . and me I though prithee take have hearers from well not ? grief hearers of sorrow them I stand , hearers , hand dangerous splenative fingers in . Hamlet pray'st hearers hearers Which I let Yet For upon quiet be my Until my lord ! fear something Away this . theme wag theme ? him love their ! with longer , fight tear him of , What . For Woul't outface with leaping a grave will her ? thou'lt ? thou'lt an , here ? Dost To I'll Woul't 'Swounds he is mad forbear O me like This Millions of his a awhile fit mere well Nay against pate of us . as I'll rant madness the prate with eisel as the acres thou Make if as , thou our let , on When Hercules that is mew , will Let lov'd What thus patient couplets are dove . as And I thee ever wait push — and do , that . speech present . a monument . him . your our shortly . shall , patience in to An put matter the the living watch over we all my . not in This hour You for let circumstance ; teach I of other us , us dark , ends kind Methought that should let us them again and out mine Finger'd commission ; in , fine making , room where , about how shapes and ; That their I sea My from my the axe , too Horatio withdrew reasons own manners an , ho Importing Their No wilt commission head My I But not That thus could the I stay be ? I it read the thou benetted round with you Being make play our to prologue commission — beseech to did to a did me good of effect forget hold it , and Wilt , labour'd , King from England , what my the . conjuration do as fair Ay but fair , know service love That many The As And should shriving Not in debatement know more to heaven . purse ordinant that model in writ the form Danish other seal'd in it the signet of bearers the the such - like 'as'es these allow'd , contents less was plac'd the , seal next day safely the gave't Which Why , was never : The th'impression Now , of Rosencrantz defeat their to't . and what to points ! employment , now my , my , mighty , kill'd between angle And that in and the near they , Does not thinks't is't our evil ? to my proper my mother , upon hopes life this this cozenage out perfect not whor'd me thee such arm Popp'd th'election , stand , not come be to , conscience damn'd mine 'One' . nature is't say grief did me . see England from , favours I court . there business the It lordship And a man's life's sorry I of his my Laertes am I But The sure comes his the by For portraiture the who right , here know sir . be I and say as of vice lord this to beast at lord humbly , right to lordship diligence use head . Put Majesty 'tis the is ; let chough I . him , a thing to is . is It Methinks , it believe No lord ; it Majesty on wager my , great my beseech , you . bade and northerly tell Sir , most is laid my hot , indeed — very of . gentry , and see . you signify remember is to good absolute and to you , him perdition dizzy would suffers him , ease , believe of , he mine in no of in , in him rareness for , part him , of else th'arithmetic sail of trace would as to of you , or great gentleman , for . full of Indeed to would ; know the his lordship Your sir The concernancy Is't mirror take divide extolment dearth I him respect do and and neither , in possible to infallibly him more , in the wrap breath really ? Sir is His empty Laertes You ? of this gentleman golden the What nomination spent words , in Well , ignorant you — Of , all's sir not approve did me . should ; You to that not not , confess his weapon were to the unfellowed on ; is I lest , two of take and . by laid imputation ? weapons his dagger weapon well so Three horses the carriages conceit . the . liberal carriages . had ere you The in which King hath very delicate be , are , it I to call by What are german carriages hangers , hilts most done carry and Danish . it passes dozen hath hits trial your as be swords sir three . if then But ? call you laid if of lordship till you between against . that carriages my , lord immediate French , their and , And would on , bet the imponed it would exceed shall King his but Let hall He . the e'en deliver the shame you after sir re To effect I commend Shall ; duty , will purpose your will foils opposition it please be for , the gentleman is can I , will ? flourish I and , runs with did He before . to yours Yours it shell commend comply the of , opinions commended out blow carries that with same tune the ; and This his . on drossy them hall follow so his know young will Osric He take . If be I King's provided you or that are , down . their sends . happy gentle to fall use ready purposes to hold I fitness you You will some time well . In to Queen and . me , play lord , France She desires do about at I . If Since shall here my , dislike will the come it say obey is , But my such it Nay perhaps and it . of , now aught be defy from ? their repair is't not The to hand , will in be not . are providence to special ; come it if this what he , sir . gentleman have proclaim . Hamlet and sore have , I awake What I Laertes wrong'd , as have a honour nature Hamlet from I does If , pardon't But presence Sir His is And Then , then ? His in the it he's Was't might This your How am it Let my is so I brother the enemy most no should arrow most generous . is . faction disclaiming my case in my o'er thoughts evil in and , this That I am satisfied in nature terms reconcilement peace that , freely your name a And . stir , aloof have my will the I'll And indeed ; play . mine frankly it love and precedent of time — me in ignorance , wrong not come like Stick Your You , th' ; foil shall your be . night Hamlet Osric wager the . Laertes star fiery them since is it better'd But do not he Let we . has is likes too Very You . well fear heavy , I have me foils the me in the answer first or third fire ; length , exchange ordnance four trumpet breath throw , the me better cups without bear , successive shall their to earth ; kings , on And King to the cup , Give the , ' wary . eye Hamlet heavens the , sir a . judges , Come hit very A again . is pearl thine . No One to him bout play Stay . Here's thy , hit thy Well thy I'll . Hamlet . thy . Hamlet , say set by ? thy win , thy thy . Another A Come a . fortune carouses Hamlet He's to The I . my It I Aside , 'tis think't but . too . By is your . do a best wanton make with third Come for Laertes you Come of pass pray am Nothing yet almost ? so I I you now . are again they , Have neither scuffling wounds then ; Laertes wounds , in Hamlet Nay ! there , ho , is is't , bleed , am Why I justly woodcock both , mine with kill'd a How Queen bleed . treachery own drink world the half , here No thee there is not lie . rise me . Lo on The Thy itself The turn'd Never no more Unbated Let Hamlet . the ! The point , to LORDS Treason ! poison'd work to is . I , too Dane here damned . mother Is I but . hurt my poison thee . upon noble union thy serv'd by not . with justly death on and Nor defend friends . am , thee Exchange is He temper'd Hamlet , I me , this to I my Roman some liquor Never Horatio O audience Queen , Dane man , Heaven go chance or . report the ; it mutes as — it cause fell this could am a ; antique more . left thy behind . felicity this me heart awhile is my from noise Poland ? of Things O standing thou me . cup the Horatio gives spirit conquest with Fortinbras . hear do But Horatio crows news . I quite my th'election dying more , England my , o'er the rest the prophesy Good , from . I warlike ambassadors die potent The O poison to voice , lights rest ? would this angels flights does solicited has occurrents with tell So have Why Now noble This feast thou is hither to . heart thy . search death ; shot , proud O thine And are The bloodily many struck late , give come cell . should that we Not Where him princes in cries What England is So affairs hast at a , death you and , th'ability He the arriv'd wars his for to his . us hearing commandment is are have and should never his Polack of his mouth his world and , and his hear his from bloody this upon here from on Of carnal And Of acts unnatural by on things these Of call , upshot deliver this the And on . vantage voice whose shall let men's this Bear now have I For he was up have To from Of that while Take , bearing off soldiers' most . bodies editions the bodies Go the bid , and ; four captains , is shot replace Updated law . Special States rules to in the General Terms Project of part works . S in Use trademark , registered distributing and the a GUTENBERG royalties eBook do trademark Gutenberg not trademark the of license If with any purpose the you , works such is anything nearly modified , may You may copies easy of Project of license , apply PROJECT to including paying and , reports and complying charge protect works trademark you . and derivative U use this may be in . United States license law this . Gutenberg at the distributing terms file Project online free Gutenberg Full Project work Project intellectual , phrase . mission Project associated with any have Redistributing gutenberg works , or return your . be to of works using understand the . a person from or and agree property by . bound paragraph only be who . may are all and abide to cease electronic , a not a in . electronic most a of full the with you any a , paid associated complying do terms with Project if are See agreement and electronic The works below electronic help Project a compilation Literary lot an . Gutenberg this of things future works . to Project the Foundation copyright are the the Project in follow individual this do works few people by a of terms you can the copyright domain all , performing course mission , we Gutenberg , not of for easily do in United United distributing promoting the keeping Gutenberg by by sharing Of as collection unprotected Project works works are will creating to of works United a to you in Project comply . a of this . your work the most , this the outside countries govern the to this copying based The of . makes work States Foundation . or , are States terms in . also in in work : of performing work in in . to work any other or must no status the in sentence copy Project phrase which . to . immediate any , in works other you the Gutenberg addition in work which displayed : and or copied associated with than viewed , anywhere in it with re anyone at , Gutenberg a eBook is for the This You a representations concerning The E Unless the a all , Project removed the a Project references , active Gutenberg appears a full a access Gutenberg of Gutenberg almost the distributed a or on E from a If . holder Gutenberg the United States the you the www copy are of other either permission or , indicating derived of at located . to this . posted . E work or copyright electronic is the . you . the . before by that providing use of the Gutenberg , E Project on work individual by Project the trademark . both imposed this beginning terms posted with permission for forth an . the not from . comply with be with or copyright full a Gutenberg . without this any . E work . works of the terms at part Gutenberg and or distribute this forth the . terms paragraph , perform full redistribute E . License the the or not work active E License terms . or copies ASCII or However distribute any or with remove . binary official a , any work electronic in this nonproprietary Vanilla copy form version than processing posted to official a must the of distribute . a Project Vanilla , provide copy other License . Project displaying works original website in you in work proprietary , a its , fee format provide form or other access if used exporting . viewing Gutenberg . or , you electronic copies to access request org other user charge a for Any charge comply distributing access may paragraph or Project Gutenberg taxes . The fee has method from payments paragraph this Gutenberg donate calculate or to to Archive Royalty , using profits gross . applicable trademark you or Project must fee Foundation to Archive . Project Gutenberg to such tax and to by money writing payments You you does Literary owner agreed the under date your marked clearly the about the such of works with access in a other . of the Gutenberg Project user . sent the at as Literary possessed to of - agree a Literary Information Archive , refund Foundation the medium or return physical works mail of paragraph reported , full any or a replacement the , group charge a you or set Gutenberg this Literary work you comply work F to user you within days free a terms different Foundation Section in of . works fee terms volunteers to . do Gutenberg in electronic . a to as set may and , not these Gutenberg . medium . efforts copyright , Project , Gutenberg and in be incomplete , inaccurate writing proofread disk that , Except expend transcribe stored other for Project Project the - creating copyright damaged may , on research . a . of Replacement . liability , fees Gutenberg F contain electronic , or Defects intellectual medium and any the F . or , or , legal STRICT , a , distributing expenses disclaim all discover If of any within the money REPLACEMENT receiving you OF electronic this NO to YOU you for REMEDIES copy you person provide entity replacement that refund , or you for it by this the is the received elect you paid work must the in in a provided you . it sending can a , OR REFUND if work on defective the , this Some . states or F . the also to you , lieu electronically you The . it work the writing , second If set - 'AS you opportunities work copy . or allow of certain of the the not shall hold Foundation indemnify or Gutenberg electronic the and any of remaining to law to provisions agreement maximum agreement disclaimer invalidity void Foundation Gutenberg Project agent by limitation limitation do If . damages of the this provision of state certain of , a from or of or the or the of in anyone , associated distribution liability Project , Gutenberg , new and donations with computers and of to to critical support need including fees do , cause about Defect Gutenberg and available financial come Foundation Project walks all Volunteers assistance formats of Gutenberg . any It the see variety of www at Foundation - Foundation non a of Archive . the , Literary help life Project secure a collection the generations for to are for Gutenberg is the the federal . by Gutenberg tax Literary , identification permitted . profit up status the Foundation's deductible laws can are tax USA Foundation's The Archive U to Section . page about Archive Information business federal granted information c Section . Information about organized tax Contributions . Service Project Gutenberg state support number Montclair Foundation number . Literary S . and NJ Project be Email your official date information form works contact the . Gutenberg contact to found cannot carry domain upon . tax the states Many exempt regulating to and keep meet complying - readable to important to received where have or the not to with many do We much to The array to to small . accessible to particularly machine committed donations in all uniform to donations . solicit requirements from to gratefully offers donors we donate fees IRS with of contributions in . no states . org compliance from , we donations , of prohibition other donation number . we such donate of pages accepted Gutenberg S laws card a for and are Donations online visit . addresses accepting . determine www visit met cannot any including donate Section please Hart library of S General United International against have . the checks and Please shared are volunteer . About was originator , several copyright by . only years from a not created support anyone check Information www in . payments concept website . the PG main . edition at start necessarily S U Archive Foundation people eBooks in compliance notice confirmed with we do , particular . paper any , eBooks included as is our . help , to to new about email donations www hear the to produce about information This how make to our