Nay Stand Stand me . live Barnardo Stand Stand , answer Long Stand Stand Stand You 'Tis you mouse Well you do bid them make . Horatio my of Not a good meet , Who is haste . and guard ? ground ho I , reliev'd . hath Dane . to And my Holla what , good who Give Barnardo you honest Barnardo him ? Marcellus . of Horatio , What , appear'd there . good tonight again piece has will watch if He Tush may I dreaded not the minutes 'twill awhile , and eyes tush Sit , our again says And Touching we assail fortified , of from part the speak down all that's bell it his made yond And And let two nights against have of us , break The Had When Peace In figure like the it t'illume one and — myself beating then thee Thou King usurp'st , night warlike time and wonder form of this Horatio fair heaven which Did march In art thou with It like Together thee speak , gone , What the majesty that of ? By is ! now Before sensible ! I my Without you this God eyes and fantasy believe . true on't something think might ! pale and ! avouch this ? than ! on not and Of Is ! very once he the thyself in jump to and by at state opinion my I not . he our watch parle . dead of most the bodes twice particular and sit , in some martial With In what he thought this This nightly such Does So task ; the tell eruption strange strict and shipwrights impress Doth make night toward the for mart is't with Hamlet last appear'd even , At least Was the as , to Whose Dar'd so slay Well the prick'd his with ratified Fortinbras of combat Was of , law life which ; a stood , the Which forfeit Hath For But terms lost recover main to doth up of skirts And fell Hamlet stomach I Of this think The So And by Comes source Is his the compulsatory well diet , which unto us hath in't appear , motive our father As of Well little mote A In A stars Did The the most and and streets dead rummage other no so portentous these Julius , eclipse with Roman of the and and sun coming of doomsday Neptune's still omen the even to like graves As And As the trains whose Was Disasters with influence in Unto our Have ! blast , countrymen on , again illusion ! events fierce preceding precurse together climatures , where of voice , fate done to , me grace ! partisan ! in death stand not will it it , womb thy may in , Stay and walk of spirits ! 'Tis here gone do We , Do I , when a have guilty throat warning or his I . spirit , in of And and Th'extravagant The it started , and fire and at sounding thing the - earth the probation crowing his present or , truth . season , is fearful then And To , say Some The , fairy then The , takes nor witch hath ; strike long ; abroad , do hallow'd wholesome say that hies . faded This It And so gracious believe it life tonight ? with speak have , our we to , will him our duty know it acquaint upon seen ; we russet in us consent , o'er Walks needful do't Where pray loves shall up Hamlet , Let we the watch him find , I most this morning fitting shall . Lords our and , whole and nature with of it brother's us . joy , in of think , woe death befitted , marriage warlike a with delight have . wisdoms wife , green contracted far with we Yet To , young all For you supposal weak that a follows affair With scale nor us know be To our brother surrender pester those of law : him lands all this business most by Now He Now Holding with our brother's advantage and his of with for and valiant for much To Lost Importing father , So : the disjoint to with for of time of uncle , the You you more power , hears made much - Norway further Thus Of this Out The Farewell In doubt Of that nothing CORNELIUS and , things We your let now all , further greeting Cornelius your articles , proportions dispatch all scope the . Laertes , you , to What thou . what's the . heart the , of these dilated commend with beg mouth ? is't heartily news farewell : Laertes Dane thy father the What ? asking , pardon and bend whence leave To What is Than The more to the to came that Polonius ; Laertes , wouldst From I confess in favour duty wishes , to Denmark France leave him seal'd ; I you , graces cousin I And thy best do , He will you Take Aside Not my , is the lord nighted like thy on Denmark colour vailed the lids sun ! will my less ? the in thy nature be common eternity lives friend with father all it a still clouds common , is to thee I , thine not . Seems the windy Nay it If , with , moods haviour , suspiration suits inky , know . seems , eye visage play ; that suits indeed shows the forc'd good seem grief show the in which might passeth of river solemn , father your lost the survivor father your mourning , his for But is to persevere , to , a sorrow To must obstinate lost know your do In impious shows Of That but the trappings But These your that have I But your give and filial It your A fault To your death of reason most your heart ? till corse your . first From 'This it ' woe ; Take to against Is thee stay with us go us of think the toward impart that are of As we the thy ; best and a my . This Be Here Let chiefest And cheer cousin our son . obey unforc'd health shall grace of . and prayers not Hamlet reply madam , Hamlet . to come Madam accord Denmark loving you Why thunder heaven my gentle smiling No But to flesh a dew melt in cannon King's the Sits , God to should rank of God ! O him it fed As I Visit That he Possess two it A , it Hyperion That But it By Let it Would , God father's it me little which ; Why my — king a Frailty Must not With Niobe O mourn'd ! it what Frailty My Frailty Had . most married Frailty such Frailty cannot Frailty dexterity Ere I to in to it , must come to . my ! I wicked speed , good : to , or am I to , is break But It nor my , your Hail do see well lord The Sir , glad very And what make you enemy lord , Wittenberg ; funeral you in do you Against would truster affair drink see is to to mock to mother's my it do was me Elsinore that your your , follow'd truant . The it lord see , came teach , I think not Indeed I prithee lord had ever father Where I forth father's wedding funeral heaven . father seen thrift methinks lord , eye . meats . upon ! met Would my marriage foe day he upon his . yesternight in , again take man saw a shall lord I ; I , a Horatio mind's . all was look him for like all . gentlemen I a may till Saw ? Who the , Season King admiration ear The witness marvel hear of , father For my father attent an the This God's and encounter'd By Within their at the these . distill'd surprised - the , gentlemen oppress'd truncheon's secrecy with his Almost Goes Been Form of But In the deliver'd word upon ? third we this was not more like platform I third . third , to father third time watch . third . third third . haste , strange writ did live And at lifted But from it then motion up none : yet it even 'Tis , you it know this tonight but . my our duty . true our morning the watch say , indeed , let you do sirs , the and Hold Indeed To Arm'd O yes you not his than red or beaver up in frowningly ? A Pale wore . anger . amaz'd . much it . been had I would fix'd his And It Not beard was moderate with His It will I watch walk it tonight you If I have silver'd 'twill was , will you I it it but all , gape ; still tonight no eleven 'twixt your in else visit . and hap understanding requite it have tenable Let And to hold peace again . arms duty . tongue , fare honour as some my them were deeds men's is ! would Till Our Your My the . well to All you farewell . benefit not hear me is sister earth , play not give Farewell come ! night , foul soul it violet A Hold And And But Do of his , the you , suppliance of minute a primy fashion Hamlet The Think in , not permanent perfume more . so more the nature ; does crescent service . soil unvalu'd you to depends choice his : whole own must doth grow waxes soul and not . it no more temple ; do circumscrib'd , withal it this his persons , you , further believe act wisdom in he Whereof the fear unmaster'd Ophelia Fear it with Than main too Then she 'scapes her beauty to the strokes calumnious not infants be oft their and buttons the most you , To , unmask itself If Be And wary then the in to itself keep before affection : spring . in none lesson ; do pastors reckless treads heaven keep , brother , father libertine my near else this . path me ; grace , upon a for of leave comes my you . shame with tongue no thy blessing . stay blessing But , long I too Yet A Occasion sits stay'd are , Aboard aboard , sail , shoulder thoughts his vulgar , in thy no with thine man entrance - censure in apparel habit as ; rich the that in station ; man chief proclaims , rank lender and . edge a nor borrower France unfledg'd being can generous best purse man's not they the thy For And of borrowing all And above For And oft loses and select loan 'Tis yourself memory my shall lock'd it . well of Farewell , my . the said touching bethought something What in the And Ophelia , hath Lord been ; oft : you free I clearly late , bounteous tell of very hath yourself . tenders you think ? love importun'd , My have , his ; these sterling That do know crack , are you for of wind think yourself true poor fool fashion tender more ; heaven , vows the of , with me to teach you I'll may call hath you'll it all go it — the Tender not it countenance he me it . speech , how In to his soul the I it lord fashion it promise heat extinct maiden For time - a . a young presence this it making it prodigal , these to springes almost Ay Believe command your must a so with be of not their more the Lends Even Do Not that sanctified This unholy you much larger . is are , he Lord he . of to so slander is bawds leisure . investments Ophelia , the Lord lord moment from vows for they suits , show any give Have not better Breathing to As The Look ; It ; think the ; Indeed ; I I , it lacks it is then near . bray here ? is't , pledge trumpet of drum upspring swaggering drains , draughts a triumph his my to More and our addition headed breach us pith oft vicious ; I Ay though born perform'd with and From So some nature too , reason o'erleavens and of complexion guilty , forts ; manners the By cannot o'ergrowth pales that stamp They Makes wherein drunkards and indeed , marrow in wherein his are attribute wherein defect , pure as , in that wherein else , some their in As From Nature's I of form The wherein wherein Being virtues wherein the infinite Shall Doth Be thou Angels of of intents in airs Thou a As all with I and To Look from Be thee to speak spirit such Dane why marble in again , again we their Bring That com'st will . sepulchre tell , thee charitable , Hamlet answer but death ! shape questionable I'll in quietly hearsed and this complete moon of , nature ? do ? it ground , more courteous action . means did with what with alone . by , Look waves But It will set my do not my thing forth soul , me What Or what my . no . fee ? that it immortal follow pin's I'll of the sea form , desperation of , my summit other madness Without immortal And for It immortal if And And hears reason of , immortal every of some assume o'er you toward horrible immortal flood Think into toys , cliff the immortal the to That might you The And motive puts into draw That You , away I'll him lion's in . desperate Let's hardy each fate Nemean Unhand , that gentlemen me nerve this artery petty as call'd ! Have . is ; waxes after Something wilt me in the direct follow thou . further Speak will . Denmark of state will him it , Nay is sulph'rous and . hear to My hearing flames serious to revenge , shall ! thy ghost unfold hear . father's to my that fires night thou . bound spirit walk house , part to start whose thy locks my of soul stars freeze - blood , from lightest young their on , list spheres end be , of away secrets foul the for Till And Would Make eyes Like Thy To each . blood O But And upon eternal thy ever ! and is . wings unnatural as love father dear — murder the the or know't But And That Murder thou given stung out stir shouldst than Now sleeping ear my the death Denmark in , as my foul foul to A The ; a me that this whole of process thou . wharf hear life ! sting father's the , have adulterate gifts his queen shameful that to won , uncle my O that wit gifts — and , that abus'd O From made a I those lust mine wretch court though Though of The So to of , whose a seeming was , decline ; of shape ; to celestial . morning , orchard of . my With Upon me That . in in of that dignity be radiant a I gifts marriage angel bed whose natural were poor as will mov'd , pour air my , effect milk vial man blood a and a The And And life And like . vile smooth of disappointed was , off in So into bark'd did it dispatch'd ; crust about and body queen at brother's loathsome mine hand , not . let pursu'st ; nor royal mind aught Thus of made , Unhous'led my O in thee but the even Cut , unanel'd ; on , damned act to bosom thee Fare that this , luxury leave her Remember . adieu , glow prick To Adieu And thy howsoever for hast and of ! his shows to adieu . in be me pale thorns not , fire incest ! heaven soul well once uneffectual earth fie , O heaven - host worm mother thy Against hell But shall O And all couple my , at , What , memory my of up In this distracted globe ; up wipe I'll All And That of thou Ay up pernicious matter villain the with baser most Meet it villain up Unmix'd books youth book up O alone , Yes up smile may a word up down it set woman my brain heaven ! Hamlet my . so am one At O That So is 'Adieu and , may there I My . secure my be . Within Illo , Within lord ! lord come . lord my Good I , lord . O , my lord , Nor would you then How , needs a But come and that , hold And your you the shall desire us tell by HORATIO and , heaven , There's villain arrant You I but sorry much an And Yes , by desire honest offence Patrick , words ; here you is let there , tonight but MARCELLUS not seen . lord , My known lord my HORATIO lord and lord my lord lord Nor lord lord , Consent stage fellow . thou , truepenny ? lord my that my we'll Then Beneath , Art the Swear Never And heard . our this have . ubique . sword of Swear again ? i' , fast friends th'earth work Swear that , gentlemen upon ground earth and give wondrous welcome it mercy , come , Horatio But , philosophy so I hereafter odd never or I encumber'd arms , To put such antic meet shall , times things before we thus an at pronouncing of seeing me doubtful some 'We giving 'There and this — aught That we list you Or grace such of might' , you help myself bear out could or . most speak' know' That With 'Well 'If at your , to me I so do God love Swear So . Beneath not to help , to note do . I . spite you , together gentlemen . Reynaldo . Give O lips us . together it go in notes , marvellous visit . behaviour good , Reynaldo , these will his , you do Before well , and ; Of very and demands — in As And What who , your they By Enquire do know distant and of him this you may , I so you and part What 'And mean Addicted so forgeries him , if't very , mean but he ; ' there mean wanton As To companions mean , him mean be sir As mean , Ay mean that fencing my mean ? swearing lord , drinking gaming or drabbing lord , Faith not That not they and general unreclaimed taints his mind blood incontinency breathe fiery liberty a do I know lord . assault — good But As You believe Marry Ay , Your The According country . 'friend the ; or guilty sullies a laying ever you the to ' youth in Having seen in breathe , or or He , sir you with man lord ' ? ' . marry ay and consequence something I know the about Very By He Or mass was consequence' or thus , at gaming yesterday out and a enter such there so him with with 'closes What say , to , the . 'gentleman day and in's sale' truth tennis' ; of ; tennis' wisdom former tennis' my By son . indirections tennis' tennis' fare , wi' you tennis' Good my God tennis' b' , I have . by Shall you lord shall his him in . music inclination yourself . Ophelia , I with so chamber , hell other before thy As do speak for , love ? not What ; and I do . it . brow arm , so down arm and so head his little shaking piteous shatter to seem did He last , falls took with his such Long stay'd his all held said wrist thus length the me hard my of he bulk . love itself the is property ecstasy seek fordoes I eyes help on undertakings doors the with go our oft As That , end And And seem'd out For to This last o' go me the What No And leads will to passion under of Whose have , natures does good afflict my you of late ? command and our . But in . and . me to . heed he opinions age my . move . might , trifle sort utter Guildenstern did to . use so , see . to we that lack discretion . Come To More be known to we sending you Rosencrantz What More So nor Our it th'exterior and hasty The Since Of , have death th'understanding I entreat himself should inward I . and court humour with brought gather up glean it much father's from of you companies your youth thus of his here and you time cannot vouchsafe your to Resembles To Some I than you thus within , as from I gentlemen draw And him of , That so So to pleasures on to by rest to talk'd there with so more am he hath men your us time profit , living not good occasion , us of two it and awhile , you more have into . feet , both We here To Than pleasures power gentle you to , where , Rosencrantz changed too Thanks freely the your . at obey , be service our , Norway And make and Ay the return'd still my I hast ? duty you my my I God my been of O , hath it be Give shall speak news My first The very of so have . hear , fruit to the , my to Hunts not — trail — policy else found . th'ambassadors to and the . marriage . him friends our from good ! and we , Say On th'assay ; in age , and uncle overcome crowns in with fee , Majesty your annual , thousand commission an herein you , we'll this business took . labour read - your Most , you think likes and welcome more , your to for together ; well consider'd regards set down to for Through That Go Why to night but is My should , tediousness night at at Answer rest well feast home business liege What day it ; brevity waste majesty be I is't More swear , 'tis mad I , brief Your to define son outward , duty night call I less . madness . and time day is limbs true . no that and to Mad And the will I matter with will foolish figure ; remains the mark beautified vile — art And use 'tis us , remainder she , and Now idol you But let this remains I Thus Or a given celestial the — is mine her will faithful , are , sun never madam I That's ill phrase vile a shall hear . to but from Hamlet to art not , O stars I believe is whilst numbers I . have machine doth solicitings liar me time by This obedience evermore But dear . they As Thine how What you to , hath my hath But given above , dear she As fain perceiv'd so this prove had When man . seen I daughter your the or , me on the wing think . you faithful But and ? honourable might dear heart a mistress thus I his no receive should . a And 'Lord And This That be Admit she is this ' my think ? And , for . declension weakness fast tokens precepts , I I prince , round . work then herself fruits from did bespeak of my to he wherein we And a Fell It Hath there said , a have That been this if it be 'tis this think ' , so ''Tis I When such from circumstances is this know . be this lead , centre . lobby the in indeed . him . to loose If from . for he behind a You time sometimes he try we How So look the sadly you wretch , love my it both , a carters , thereon fall'n comes poor Away But a good do him board But I presently , Lord . know give . away , me me . were so . God you Excellent , Honest I be You is , thousand a . my . kissing , lord blessing is , look to't . have Have I conceive i' by ; I much do my . but , you is to in truly the mean matter Between matter , who Words you my my says their a have sir wrinkled they honesty as . old backward not go , there , is grave ? How air the out A that , potently you plum yourself is Aside out my pregnant which leave daughter my you more life . willingly of my and will my except my take , sir you , Fare go How My You Then live , or Neither waist , soles the her Faith her privates middle the shoe lord , news my , the is lord But but you she your is that , my a is Prison which many goodly ; there Denmark's , confines o' , so my nothing too 'tis it is narrow bad . very space could makes then not one nutshell shadow is were ; there me dreams substance a . and a shadow . Truly indeed ambitious itself ambition are but , dreams I bodies beggars we hold Which Then Shall . beggars' shadows our are to , dream . like , and . GUILDENSTERN you what , not will you and upon , other make am I you occasion am my , visit inclining own , I too honest an friendship We'll wait sort ROSENCRANTZ you with at ? sent , is know should with justly What purpose looks what end good the your say . You ; Were ? say of rights of proposer dear you say better the you - say consonancy , by our youth more say were could for say say an you I teach colour fellowship enough to I , by , To me let love conjure But no you , a our sent me If . you . sent you . no heavily moult mirth disposition forgone I . all so goes , shall My you late I . tell your appears most in an and wherefore ; of , this the to work is man a foul how how fretted look me with , feather , me nor . in admirable in and how , the how custom of have my this so you not , majestical piece in dust ? there when seem no to yet , a and why sterile fire , brave of action neither . me' ? is of , this woman what , entertainment to said stuff no was whose What they or , shall in Majesty his , they are hither my laugh receive shall think Why did you welcome use such the tragedians , in delight laugh freely players her . to for't , adventurous be are both in late of means both ways man the those wont they estimation so followed the reputation residence the innovation when I of the — profit chances ? but ; pace it clapped for't cry Do ? endeavour , tyrannically wonted they there the the that many , city Are did the by , No same on they . eyases in indeed , are . top of sir come ? players ? most no been unless cuffs in and no them — they as can they than maintains and quills - children exclaim to their they them themselves Who to ? sing nation , the for while the money ; went of away it his Hercules my boys been the Do , for to the do they Ay something , There . philosophy little if . 'Sblood find could give , forty , than I tell you is the . my what and lord , father like mother you southerly I comply , The Let players ceremony . west hawk When from dear - a - Well see second to comes prophesy tell come time , baby the , sir : for have child . so 'twas tell to news them , you of a is and them at them to lord tell hither . is them his swaddling an old it indeed was lord . a the Monday My them are Upon actor them each came Then I , comedy on historical pastoral nor Plautus too , are - pastoral in the be and Seneca actors come buzz . ass Buzz had What comical - These a Why - honour . either best , of writ the of The O 'One Am Aside you me Jephthah not , I follows Nay well follows God , What that . I right on Jephthah love . show most lord ? and pass wot as as , was , to your ladyship in as . will you see glad Denmark nearer Pray the God voice as a , valanc'd since where is young as when thee well I like you us give , French a Come as . speech to't is a speech speak cracked , e'en be of . your heaven cracked if million others as but passionate old beard not like cracked falconers speech lord What . uncurrent mistress good friends altitude heard digested such , me thee , cracked caviare judgements . for welcome play cunning cracked there matter nor matters were the in remember — cracked , in called it method honest , said an , set with much excellent or , make as it , as an — received I , play speech , quality , I to not it , my ? of that as in I , If speech , wholesome in the it resemble see : thereabout and . as mine the Dido slaughter Priam's of not this lay his is this 'Twas by and where at The memory especially Now he Hath is he more in complexion streets , in and their With blood mothers with , carbuncles and . damned wrath Roasted . and — Pyrrhus with with a lend That vile o'ersized Old tyrannous and dismal as purpose now heraldry . ominous horse and Head the thus eyes , finds him discretion grandsire the daughters , fire and . impasted and 'Fore Rebellious , short at command drives Priam in strikes fell Unequal wide ; and hellish gore , Ilium his , For and to Greeks . he arm whiff feel at Pyrrhus But a a was to to this , seem'd painted neutral Did , silence bold And So Doth And vengeance The we the hush like But As as winds death did ; region Mars's less never A out In Out the low , strumpet him On rend With And jig spokes down the Prithee long , bawdry of come It down . This the down queen' . sleeps or down Hecuba beard mobled 'The 'Mobled down ! good too down . your with is , down good queen' ? is o'erteemed of with , Fortune's would steep'd , loins and clout threat'ning down and up barefoot bisson late Where , diadem stood A fear tongue th'alarm caught then . of gods eyes state this About the had But In have made passion milch in the burning husband's malicious seen instant she turn'd 'Gainst mincing them the and has speak thee things with his his that all heaven , limbs , and time , hear . chronicles you more than desert epitaph brief a live according your , you Do ? bad rest abstracts to and ill the of . their report , them own your We'll ? my lord . Murder . play in every man Take in . tomorrow . a speech of insert . Elsinore my , lord , down would not a him you mock . not in't set to . ye wi' b' God , till , and look welcome lord friends , passion wan'd am player of own function , suiting whole in's visage here I lord Now . I alone . slave peasant fiction his working all to this a , passion would he ? in and rogue it Is But Could from voice his him her , Hecuba , motive Hecuba ? rascal John dull of should conceit and , her in broken weep Tears For say dreams No and A mad And What's Upon - very can damn'd beard , not mettled and ? for he That Who . Am the does made it lie a my Yet ? across I my I to ? take and it cannot pate a throat this this lack me dear unpregnant guilty the Make all have make me Like Ha ! slave's offal Oh I vengeance , bawdy ere i' the the A me villain was defeat calls Plucks Tweaks deep and Who for brave heart and father dear heaven my very ! Fie have heard , This ! villain is a of scene with presently play ! unpack of , the malefactions I'll observe his my will Foh murder'd . of tongue their If the uncle it , these have drab upon't cursing like , a that , but devil , melancholy , at soul no , murder and , yea perhaps seen , blench have . and , my of Out Wherein . the than relative from by so why this , the catch his confusion quiet More him With But what confess and no puts he harshly dangerous of to madness him a would He Grating he And does from cause with Of will find well ? will . will means speak will . sounded bring will his . gentleman forcing but his will you much our reply Most Most like Did Niggard with in will . state true of of , he receive you But free raught hear of did it so the on it most to my With all To he hear entreat inclin'd see edge lord these it him , shall and so the purpose a heart drive hear and And To us . seeing espials for by myself and Her Hamlet , hither , unseen frankly he may Affront as , he That And That : so your wish or obey , part I your to To good wildness for your bring Hamlet's Will him shall his . so , wish I both it your honours way I shall hope book may Gracious you please this , blame — such , devil O that cheek more is Than hear The smart And too speech 'tis action The we pious to heavy . him I deed beautied doth give , with my to , thing the be to in outrageous of 'tis the thousand shocks end sleep , question suffer fortune To a natural . there's to nobler ? To sleep Devoutly That No And Or The or not sleep , we , coil mortal this death dream ? wish'd ache and To , be ? and ? heir what , of off , and . dreams : to shuffled pause There's die . of , respect ay — sleep that , to perchance to flesh - end them die ? to so by heart more be ? consummation the , quietus , bear life love merit When That For would That Must we have may come . long whips , dispriz'd The give us proud the the make bourn death life fardels , have ? resolution ills those country of wrong himself , delay law's , orisons , now thy Soft and moment awry thought . currents pith hue cowards we from , traveller makes of of of know all us of their o'er And thus native . Nymph regard sicklied Is enterprises action sins ? you . deliver I you so breath did , you sweet right , them the made And gave well , well , remembrances to honour'd , when givers ? again these Ha There gifts Take for wax My ha lord As lord , you know ; rich poor the of their perfume prove compos'd noble ? my lord . lost , to you unkind ? lordship discourse commerce honesty than , beauty ? from beauty honesty so so . can transform ? time old . relish believed , shall it for loved cannot I . me you me , I me things ? of proud very I me deceived my This . likeness proof made you once . be I not fellows imagination Why stock we a to nunnery my ; with should What all , believe your lord thy time sinners have earth ! the play that . house shut help , chaste as dost nunnery a be knaves arrant Let the marry and , face have your , nickname of wise a , go : enough Or farewell know nunnery fool you and . make paintings , me , nunnery , but all . wantonness already your make , yourselves Those shall , the , O , to live , shall courtier's O , heard , more no , lisp the I'll have Go no ; rest , noble and the of ladies fashion observers , and form unmatch'd Blasted Like , what he ? Was T'have , spake I with sweet Now , little , sits hatch the Will set For Thus the demand for There's . is woe seen what tend disclose to doubt do O'er Love seen like Haply seas with determination Nor variable and our shall tribute , him matter shall different : do thus in beating of now us love What . settled : I still But . We his do neglected not all you show heard The be his objects , heart you I think . and , said , believe please ear him him , you , unwatch'd To I'll But And their in It wisdom let all mother plac'd send , you be round the had torrent air , trippingly ones great best ; or think confine . not must shall beget , to a may that hear rags split to , I soul to town thus may say my crier But hand , if spoke but it ears nothing of - Herod I - out neither word let - most . the - are have - tame observance noise - too Suit to Herods - part warrant playing hold , and from that would so is word the of own pressure unskilful , of Christians make , very nature speak have and strutted so that there one , not . humanity and the the journeymen imitated reform'd the altogether it the O than the , they set , the meantime That's villainous necessary the some the . it let indifferently , praise , of we uses . have And so abominably clowns them of in considered , them some and this ? lord now King too and ready you ambition . and What We you Bid to ROSENCRANTZ , ho will help GUILDENSTERN my Here As That and thee ? candied hinges of absurd the . Dost pregnant fawning clothe no what Nay blood Hath And those rewards wear him man that heart choice her her that . are judgement that men of thou blessed And buffets , was soul could in A Hast sound they and with pipe and much near before occulted thy a my of comment father's of circumstance too , that we in thou of Something comes , see'st told the thee play my and ay what That my As prithee It is As I Vulcan's Even I In That heart's , core I There One I not my stithy eyes will of to his itself uncle unkennel ghost damned Do after In aught steal If a with when Give lord whilst , And . judgements . play pay this Get , King a Queen must is . and , I cannot you the my . theft playing idle . Hamlet eat so capons : lord say th'university To answer nothing mine , lord crammed ; chameleon's feed ? air play'd a accounted was , dish How Hamlet our , me Caesar enact nor , not you ; Polonius . Julius you brute part a you was Ay Hamlet you metal dear No , mother , you lord my , you my you ! you in lord my . lap your lap your , mean . country meant to my nothing lie think . matters ? lord legs maids' lord my , lord merry man . my do only Ay . my ? merry a . are Nothing ! how your , sables there's lady by'r O hope heavens , let die man's must hobby memory horse horse , build epitaph ; ago wear should be and died for looks the months outlive is Lays down him O suffer Then suit a have very show lovingly - hobby he Nay , months may churches upon makes ; the 'For his two Queen asleep , carried . Poisoner , a forgot , for him embracing Queen whose of life . ' half a year . But O not of comes the . Anon of or , and takes bank fellow , of and body dead means What of with Queen woos of to lament Queen crown , She King and a neck leaves pours or of lord my , accepts awhile and in in ears and keep cannot argument of . players this tell you'll him that , Will shame show any naught they'll . mischief the ; I'll Here , For naught to are : tell us tell are you We fellow counsel to show . meant you ashamed play , a my woman's beg As , the posy lord round gone ring patiently , our ground , borrow'd Phoebus' love . orbed dozen hearts twelve with distrust late , must state . moons our love Unite commutual have thirty again woe So That my us cheer my aught as And love it extremity you . fear too , leave functions their leave grow great , great love , fair and , live , My thou For belov'd shalt , O powers world treason me let be needs rest kill'd must In little Where second wed the husband but . Faith I to ! wormwood none of move dead bed ; you husband . love , second but kill speak break now . accurst marriage . the : we to mellow we that 'tis the determine do like but memory validity on . lament most doth on themselves grief grief the passion , joy down love man our is world Grief What Their most joys joy own passion to , not , great That This 'tis even a loves , And The And who But Where Directly want needs Whether Our But thy die are earth Nor give food no are lord nor and hope day trust my turn To opposite desperation anchor's I Meet Each repose me and my prison think ends their , scope . wed husband first second is dead light , tedious My . grow sworn Sweet , pursue , face of joy it and me ever dull day mischance , play protests like . rock ; in , do heard the , brain . she'll Madam her there jest the , What . but how Gonzago too you how , The jest poison ? image o' that : what wife Baptista th' a play offence us touches are to . unwrung , puppets lord , good a you are I interpret , lord to . thy damnable leave doth . take groaning , chorus are between keen dallying you keen my and seeing time bellow , for . infected collected revenge . edge life no the Begin croaking , agreeing creature property and weeds , thrice . see . anon Gonzago shall name's . His Italian of love very for's Gonzago's false . me strucken play sleep , the How some , turn The some play , Lights lights my Would , Didst pound pajock lord the of talk the ? for . now and might perceive my well did O Of This himself ! For then if Why , the , word a very music . note you . perdie a whole Sir vouchsafe Come I not . word history , like not recorders . Come he distempered ? with choler signify ? put to Ay , purgation , The what , him the plunge would to with him and , choler richer , marvellous rather lord tame am for should into wisdom me put , your The to pronounce I , not . breed you most him to his perhaps not me of end the mother's it my of affair some into sir . You make a courtesy and Sir the spirit great . your such answer mother you , or my return . commandment please you if you , What wholesome you ; command but , can shall my mother there amazement my — her , say lord ? But as , sir and sequel you , this into is to this still do you once these pickers love go did by this us lord shall obey this were what so your liberty cause this deny You the your this friend surely . me times ten , trade My door your , my if , in is lack the Denmark have — grass you when be , while but that own Sir for . King musty with himself voice the you — proverb ? To my you Will bold me if me do toil . pipe is upon . of the wind be that lord , I . this cannot . cannot know I But thumb 'Tis I . discourse most the and ventages are harmony your with , Look with : touch , my , cannot and would to and will I of would the top of though the pluck to you me , this , instrument upon would am out you you from you you note what me Call fret will You , presently , cloud almost sir and camel a and , cannot with play ? me much it pipe God . music make on you speak would bless of you . indeed . like like is it whale to . friends and by of Leave say , drink as time breathes blood day now ; to the hot me . itself out ; not let , firm use this not in my never , somever this she my . To How me of , be her daggers in give Contagion quake him unnatural to seals not with shent , soul safe dispatch with not estate shall will he The I To let I terms Hazard near his holy keep Most We And your his nor . like madness England range commission lunacies hourly . along . it of may is grow . Majesty your many live The With Attends mortis'd Are Did Arm For you , will but the ten of alone of spirit ; it a is . It gulf of majesty it you fetters will free upon general , when which spokes annexment ruin petty thousand , GUILDENSTERN too We now we Which lord process . he's , as hear said , home , tax mother's this and goes ROSENCRANTZ haste going his To meet speech be as rank primal inclination , And that . you tell call of nature And O my the eldest as first than stand upon you dear what lord upon't I strong double where pause stronger My I both in like ! is brother's A offence And Were Is My serve Can crown cannot be for which But down to it not rain the ? the brother's sweet blood serves mercy . of foul am me O ere prayer confront And be . Forgive did and th'offence my I seen shuffling , law out To Even In There My mine ambition retain this — action , not one bosom struggling to ! Make steel when when assay free be born babe well when ! now That . he of when . with black when O ! state wretched O Art soft stubborn soul , when send ; is goes sinews new - to be and this would father , is father crimes his But And heaven his our him heavy When 'Tis him the Up . I To He how my this son so am kills took all in To he , When With At gaming him that As hell rises My thoughts thoughts advances heaven up to , My days as words This his whereto soul , Words without never will heat Within And his pranks him . you you lay home hath . have been too screen'd silence , him Fear , Mother Hamlet I'll I , offended . matter the , Go go , now , so me now now now , What's Have I'll , now ? that are speak . now , part can my now You rood so were sit set now wilt may I down to not forgot shall not now . wife brother's . rat , help , Dead O . Behind Behind now How O I , hast am I a ? mother is deed good , brother 'twas As and Almost O what A To And of wringing Leave . Polonius proof custom heart of penetrable for shall ! it Peace . better is so stuff braz'd that , wring If let and noise takes an , body of doth O there dicers' solidity this as sets From the blister of sweet the , deed , marriage , vows off , forehead from As visage and mass . thunders , thought Is With Yea The As false Heaven's as , words sick , The counterfeit curls upon this the like Mars , was seated a rhapsody of See eye Where A the did on a now world a and To An the like here Could batten day blood ? you to a assurance like Ha fair moor love motion ? sure eyes you you it's but upon you to it But To a reserv'd apoplex'd from not Eyes thus hath cozen'd you was madness ; not , choice sense , at tame : it cannot Else step The And waits - the for Nor Would could serve Is such Or hands feeling sickly mutine let ardour speak no into more , eyes see will mine turn'st there Stew'd to me no sty enseamed . their rank in In Hamlet panders soul and leave Nay of such not , love nasty vice the tithe ; more mine ears Hamlet daggers lord the precious part villain a . empire the the sweat an making ; and , rule o'er wings with , put shreds . diadem the not shelf in his more patches , command , lets by son ? mother your your , go . mad of say This thy her her in Conceit But but , That Do The O and and . soul dread your purpose . and Hamlet on strongest wildly do air your sleeping the and your you eye how with , at , up bedded And and and the with That Your Start and cool the heat . flame end like , stand and Sprinkle Upon him Would and him Forth form this piteous Do preaching pale you soldiers bend do hairs conjoin'd — not you ! patience the gentle distemper , this what perchance have , glares , stones that ? for Nothing Nor all Do stern make My cause them want ourselves ? I ? you you Will at nothing you ; tears I convert effects colour To My now but even portal out habit his goes he father look did Is This very in where ! nothing you there is the the ! steals how liv'd time madness , not is It the ; for - Bring music utter'd . that Whilst your will what's do . corruption and , unction me . And I I gambol not the matter Would will film the , soul , ulcerous , yourself mining . on Confess the Forgive but these must past And Infects rank skin but avoid what within ; good , my . bed pursy do part pardon heart beg leave in . half of eat doth fair or a on , virtue with yet actions a shall is who angel all sense in other it , out , easy more of Refrain the , or easiness ; him throw Once of beg With To I death will must him scourge be abstinence use To And And when ; with be him , and with well : good this pleas'd bles'd nature of stamp I'll And blessing I do I I That me punish repent but , So again and remains lady bid again I shall What the by no gave their only , more begins be , word must this be so , night mouse to That I your call you good 'Twere . that's mad paddling Pinch let on bloat , Let And Or a the Such craft But To birds No Let Would from And if of creep , a , in not am all this out , him , madness , so wise , gib sober do own that concluded so know . own own on , two 'Tis said have made life own . breathe , breath me own adders have they will knavery , own to the petard yard below the most 'tis Let 't and . meet . sweet mines , my work enginer . I and my it — way . packing , knave . with grave , to O line the , hard into the and prating . little son . tonight seen good on us I contend both ! ' rat kills fit ? does when his man deed , of to , is so It , be kept out sea arras , in his Behind is this And The , a bloody , we been be deed to , apprehension old rapier been this to restrain'd so was out . brainish , answer'd ; haunt all to with liberty mad keep apart This not understand , some like he divulging of what disease , weeps mineral . Even But the pith from owner To But ship no sun will must go join you , our , majesty further the hath hath . all mother's speak with and , slain deed touch and Guildenstern mountains Ho , we friends do ! pray both mean slander so our in bring , aid : skill vile we'll what come to , dismay . shot Transports Gertrude And from chapel call fair closet o'er out know cannon discord soul hit And , And My is full of the As his poison'd woundless Within . ROSENCRANTZ Hamlet and Lord , come . with may whereto we the chapel to it thence body 'tis , and for Take what you — sir me soaks officers up in he that But swallowed authorities Ay them last ; like ape such , not you squeezing I not glad am you with the not , King , body not lord not fox Hide find not . nothing Bring sent it put of we the distracted law to multitude their , eyes : body him goes on weigh'd , smooth scourge all grown ? is lord , guarded get bestow'd he us Bring Where the We dead Without my , but ? supper supper where At . where's ? Where is worm Your he us , and , worm fish may Where is how you thither to a beggar may go . guts eat not the through progress the messenger indeed you seek there . But If . go up the . yourself Attendants , dearly grieve — hence thee bent , especial thyself safety send must wind purposes , father . it see a My Away Delay That else Follow leans my , the Since my it . flesh foot not , at him . everything ; I'll And And thou The Tell Howe'er . king , softly on know so lord are , Go will And his Majesty would You know the us aught that How The Goes for the nephew to old main some ? frontier Poland sir you Poland , with a profit , the in it . not farm never it Polack will sold defend Norway should yield to I or . peace cause you . much question twenty thousand thank , no ducats , without ! chief but my and Be I'll he to If Looking and . godlike such with Now unus'd , market of , man is discourse a more , do and one craven large me , means or , hath this , such or , Whose this Led or ever three parts to I or that To for an , or to . death and Rightly , is the invisible Exposing or not Is the have Witness cause , live I have To spirit delicate divine as by army honour's Excitements imminent , reason to the try enough not numbers like a of to mortal stir to all let And Go That their O the The graves be tomb cannot beds of , fantasy twenty , fight , be needs of enviously th' speaks , half mood will I not i' There's She Her What She That but straws , she says and move , hears things to nods think , of it aim be and fit , at to up ; Her speaks ; pitied , yield gestures and , own much , come Dangerous Indeed And carry make nothing good Though 'Twere Spurns Yet she conjectures in spoken as , artless itself in some true to be is may thought amiss , of Denmark your And Ophelia How shoon one hat now fearing to Majesty beauteous How Alas By the Where , sandal cockle lady his love true should mark , green turf you look bewept true - the not showers sweet with his White , we you God what dild Alas , her Conceit ! let's have you no do know upon father you Saint is of means say . be lady a what your table , clothes this what not , they , ask you maid donn'd Valentine your window , betime , Ophelia , that on't to't ! make shame . end they are if to blame . I My brother cannot . ground . my yonder . me tumbled Come choose But , it patient We him , good sweet watch , pray spies people violent not Gertrude of . and ; they . come , come battalions and Next , her gone just own your But in and as or fair her secret matter to dear our of of his father's his in come containing much are as we beggar'd . ear a , my Switzers and nothing superfluous death my what ? Let matter my them my noise What Where my the offices young your my ocean , Laertes , in with of his more , my haste impetuous flats the . The ratifiers of Laertes props applaud custom were it king word be to . king the ' . give , pray I . We my door O thou . me proclaims Laertes will you the me father . the calm my cause my What thy rebellion That him That Let incens'd Speak — man , of little Acts my my him the this and my my To , That my dare allegiance ! How my grace damnation Let My for And worlds To , Most ; for throughly what reveng'd be father . stay means , Good sweepstake desire your Winner you , death None And good To , dear If , certainty your , arms but I'll ope pelican , that come her now up and , heavens Should heat , dry Burn By Till O be as precious it bier him bore mortal some sends love fine instance After the . loves nonny — hey . master's And ' thus steward that - a stole . thoughts a There's herb and it rue Sundays They give you here's some . I . say you father daisy grace my columbines , call wither'd bonny of . died my Robin sweet when is will And He never was flaxen thy to His All poll . dead again ? gone . again - white , gone will , God , ha' And , Go away pray ? this me your right must commune judge and choice whom you me b' soul his moan , all collateral grief , but lend life by — will and not we if kingdom us hand . give call ours our to , bones , ostentation obscure his nor nor as heaven sword , trophy to be heard call't , rite jointly to it due with labour this death , let great fall — burial hatchment , give means No Let , noble No 'twere must o'er his question I So in . me pray is go . me . you Lord . letters with not from know sir , Sailors I , Horatio comes shall from and't , when I bound let have have warlike this were a letters very sail them their of They grapple so valour like of for turn me , some days . clear me repair words for speak to good thieves with much will and . make haste the ear mercy thine matter to Farewell yet ; good hold knowest they thou that them . the they to at ourselves . Let them of they in bore I Come they where have fellows course direct brought they whom I they And have heard of have him , To put for a your hath Pursu'd But these in else , all feats nature things . you She's virtue My to almost That Which But your two perhaps looks be unsinew'd — Queen , by my by count general gender but and sphere the as , Convert like dipping love . in bear my much The ; his me to O reasons it , either the but to Why or so could I And A Whose mount into And Would Too worth have For . Stood her That are let . our That it pastime for But all You so be You father think Break And that we not I will and of can we perfections desperate I so And I teach shortly your now What , may terms , age come , and flat shook , more ourself to . that beard shall them Claudio I — He them brought to . hear not . receiv'd them them them I ? back . come of . know I am ? sudden your mighty and more strange , see kingly the When occasions return the rest such thing ? his ' to let But him heart , says me advise he . here 'Naked ? o'errule you It lost I it the very sickness in my teeth peace a to me If be that my How Laertes so be my If how my own more To Under To ; him my now . and will work he I shall shall he will my not to for I , rather That my of be if been the organ quality travel it so for , parts , no it an , now ripe wind call And even And lord the his which My one together you Your envy that the ? my of youth him from , siege becomes , my sum much a hearing and that shine Of the is age health seen As A Yet needful very , unworthiest less no lord riband What and Than And myself Here , it that livery careless youth his for settled The they can gentleman beast brave he Importing grew and A did he incorps'd on graveness , his his but horse topp'd demi doing brought , seat this unto serv'd natur'd thought So my ? was't what . nation masterly report , the . brooch , a 'twould out for For art had Did so . this his wish play but do o'er neither cried He And well the of your a rapier , with to nothing could he one He If of was , What father dear the painting a heart of out motion you are guard , them Sir envy — this Hamlet coming , love a time , father proof flame very the within qualifies that that that I And I I Not know begun passages and spark see think of like growing , of lives the fire to . it 'would' still ; changes would we would tongues As We should And by comes this are there To church . sanctuarize and are is words ? spendthrift , delays , 'should' . back More Hamlet then And when too this pleurisy , do as That abatements hath Dies his own But you Laertes . fine . you on And wager your , you your close keep shall set , contriving , may . father for And , indeed , place Revenge you Hamlet Will not a little in Most gave on this , free I'll . fame . mountebank a dip draws , do't no of anoint sword , it rare virtue simples that point death thing in knife cataplasm but an bought mortal This that withal , can . I of of our It may be gall my , means fail . slightly save I'll from a touch time death and so . him have the is With Should ! your blast have When in better did As If A make he that 'Twere that our not We'll the solemn wager you , on your second hot , heel woe fast they So where , to that have sipping him , Laertes . weeds her fingers broke herself sliver wide brook Her weedy an shepherds cold There flowers his , crow shows There Fell in And Unto , tunes distress not drink with long of As Or one wretch To Till Which weeping When But our There on down - mermaid Pull'd she awhile be , But gone , their lay ? drown'd . her . is she hast custom that folly it of that Let But , rage ; holds Ophelia these calm . Adieu fain would lord are forbid trick our is It And I I Now have a much speech will be out Gertrude his , wilfully . crowner her to follow to start do Therefore give follow it ? and she herself in For here her three to it , and else found , it drowned it and The point hath , man it , good perform the . act she ? defence do . lies the drown law own is water . cannot be will , is him he ; of . law that goodman good , But this , water lies this me Here mark Nay drown if he not But . shortens had marry , go leave you , that . himself Argal truth say'st , spade drown more great Adam's is themselves folk . ancient up no but more . have she not . than , gentlewoman had that gentleman gentlemen burial quest should profession hold out buried ? If pity their that arms . ever There bore grave my Come . Christian even , to builds stronger Go carpenter either than or he gallows that What wit well The like well well - thy to to the thou , does , come a , and a the . ill Now gallows the good well Ay now tell builds that thee faith than built in do stronger is stronger , Marry , me that cannot I can . ass question tell your asked a I when makes Yaughan houses till last , for liquor this next , at sense , land , hath property a employment of the in in in ass not one , in first the How . once politician , might dost in How lord , in not it an had the might we , more ache bones Lady lord meant lord 'Good morrow when be could which my he such to beg revolution and but . knocked think chapless fine ; the , made be cases , guest pit a of such For and and spade a for meet the his not quillets this and have lands vouch , and length recoveries Hum no scarcely will my lord and , made of lord skins skins - seek — calf grave's Whose Mine . in . not yet , made it is . the 'Tis . yours . for you . thou for indeed thine , I in't do on't for to ; thou 'Tis dost , in't lie lie none sir woman Who is but buried , I toe . How peasant the galls he courtier year heel the all days so I a been i' the Fortinbras long he can is that , England the last our and sent was It . that into very mad that tell ? or he if he as losing strangely , they ? mad ? his ? thirty rot as have pocky . last will , in than another trade year he he you nine we here been years . lie die i' before the rotten not hide while . a And tann'd decayer lain was ? your body a water whoreson A on ! A flagon do not rogue will whoreson it ? same skull mad , pestilence This see a his know ? Not one your the him for a . once sir . jest thousand how of must she to imagination borne Where I Let roar to Where thing at her Quite to excellent . I knew set i' Where thou Where , songs is Where , oft Alexander think Horatio lady's now this your Where Dost we may E'en base And What's ? not so - imagination trace enough we not they to turn'd keep which wall hole to kept the . away world Here t'expel that aside ! c awe . of earth , was wind comes the . clay ? whereto stop Caesar of a , likelihood ; Imperious returneth jot ; dust a but , And Alexander not buried Queen ; the such own they follow . Might following This hand Trains King youth ? mark Mark . and , Queen is some we life Who that they . doubtful 'Twas . else ceremony of order else command great Her That And Yet is very noble ; lodg'd prayers on , allowed For burial and maiden no and and her should we She As have warranties . ground should charitable have she here As sing We from . her , rites . sister , th'earth such be done - profane sage to peace i' and unpolluted , souls of service - more And I - hop'd . Scattering - violets May - thy And have strew'd to treble most cursed to . to . maid to , have Olympus to ingenious mine while thy not grave . woe to on treble , ten Whose to I To Till Depriv'd thee Till pile this of have caught her whose , hearers the soul . Dane devil Hamlet - with . The him stars This and grief of stand ! Hamlet though take thy Yet in fear be I lord my Good O Until my not lov'd forty quantity their thou of thousand do Laertes for , love him , What . is God Be buried quick me ? come in and her , her of with Dost I'll pate on leaping a fast . throw thyself ? whine Nay well madness as This awhile Anon And Woul't Millions with if Make his wart as against like Ossa rant thou that cat What pray Strengthen We'll I your patience last grave Gertrude the An watch to shall . sir , Till hour , matter some have of quiet a over night's living Good our we be see monument see ? other kind a my Now , us Rashly , let the , me fighting I ! lord me in it serves us well should . dark gown to my them from is that the sleep the Our - our My When indiscretion be prais'd Worse than plots There's And certain , had , mine Finger'd Grop'd To My Oh With That Importing ho Their commission many health and of , to the , my in off ? be bugs fears struck . leisure more of , axe at could thus did Devis'd had They that me forget It service . wrote now thou , effect The to it , prologue round hear me thou Being Or A once did yeoman's of good An a new make I a hold How earnest a stand many such And on 'as'es view Without should between As That , debatement put know her wheaten their garland wear next was . the Danish that signet was heaven plac'd the . form and th'impression of - time allow'd ordinant seal it Now fight , never - So they did model was the gave't . in even Why Which it the what father's the Was man , not dangerous when own the , my and , whor'd a and pass fell incensed . life not mine Horatio to , is from him England there . to nature come the to say ; myself than forgot I passion my I'll his , Peace a by of bravery of of no interim more image I life's am portraiture But The , this to ? know waterfly . back Denmark . good 'tis chough ; dirt at your . hot . Majesty to very 'tis for . his know of lordship to all use spirit head . the bonnet , I say cold and lord complexion — as . is Put . 'twere wind , sultry this the matter you he I cannot tell has laid , Sir is your wager on beseech to good great I Majesty bade you me sultry very for is very to my that — signify lord it mine believe soft card what society an in and part though and , and the , of diction . quick dizzy the absolute full of ; yet semblable his his . in I gentleman calendar great . gentry see for most is Sir would , showing to or , But true ? do speaks make soul great of him . You will do't him of umbrage nothing more we most , infallibly the in . spent are . him already all's golden I faith are words not , sir yet is ? it . excellence by , him know to I compare . six him it so six . liberal responsive very fancy take . well weapon unfellowed , and carriages delicate as I Rapier of hangers girdle dear wager'd hath , imponed very knew you faith are I . The our shall not , King it Why is against be more to sir , carriages I horses sides would come mean , I breathing , not , King his with in How the opposition If win be foils the I shame and ? so will my but - duty after deliver does Yours turn with runs I that before it to commend dug bevy the habit with comply of of collection habit tune opinions ; which habit the My habit him pleasure habit his commended that take sends He will habit follow whensoever the by to you or with purposes . ready my is The King as you to know if so . down to , But it . such , perhaps trouble is anything , a kind but a heart I . do practice but mind dislike it has if no man Come Since ; it be not he leaves yet , are not a to now . what of Hamlet come what hand wrong , you sir you knows , as with have done needs distraction have gentleman are you must and I honour proclaim be ? not is , have hurt brother in this in I this I To Whose this revenge this motive aloof ungor'd . precedent nature of this stir this my my arrow your o'er of this and masters will my terms should and satisfied , But of elder keep I Till stand by known like it it th' . fiery a indeed in ; i' off your , one come frankly , ignorance sir , you weaker both . seen see me Let foils have , therefore odds . that hit exchange fire , heavens cannoneer wary Come Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet ; Hamlet , Hamlet to thy . this first it ? confess you . late . think't my conscience madam , My dare not drink . of violence do You best . Laertes . Nothing on change neither way neither . neither neither ! is lord neither Osric , neither , own mine kill'd no , No They on How Laertes sides woodcock I , How villany ! Ho drink swoons , the She a here , dear poison'd be . foul thy can drink the Let Seek half Hamlet in The No is , Treachery world do thee good . slain practice . here , point . hand art it . thy too envenom'd on The Never Hath It In , venom LORDS ! but damned , OSRIC . envenom'd Treason ! and to treason . temper'd poison is a by . on father's , potion this defend Dane himself serv'd union . Hamlet it . this chance . adieu , Queen at sergeant act , follow , with justly is come and but strict report Horatio , or mutes time but I am my thine thee . upon me ! Wretched — O , am I — To unsatisfied left liquor Roman it audience cause , tell dead wounded heart behind name Heaven , I'll a man by you liv'st more let But am Here's yet the ; Dane . story thy live what , Let Never antique shall , I Horatio thus thee . breath awhile world tell noise this , my England from , the What O If Young To with This And in this gives . volley of Horatio Poland , and lights . less , silence Good voice rest . thy to , The has prophesy But thee come see search your ? on woe of quarry it , dismal is senseless And affairs The To Rosencrantz him are ? late dead tell He You it , from here on since a Polack upon this that to th' and , slaughters All , shall unnatural can , us in on by cunning So world you hear , on , kingdom . deliver this , And Fall'n Of from But Even prov'd have men's errors one — these . will is editions works copyright S . in in the paying General copying and can set to in without and copy protect apply , one print a and the is including eBook If with nearly the trademark any and given away eBooks research with . and reports , eBook this of the not of . States . by license for . S To for distribution any for other U or Gutenberg for you agree for of law for in copyright www reading , General By you that have license of , Full online or terms with way with using , Gutenberg in all the distributing or any understand intellectual and you Gutenberg obtaining must Project fee you , may do agree read any you of this , If agreement of a and for work fee as set registered with most do are of terms of electronic of terms Project full the works if electronic . preserve any paid Project associated you whom . Foundation of Gutenberg , Project See compilation copyright the . electronic There by works agreement are with few Project See a do this of future Gutenberg Literary . Archive all domain distributing we Nearly unprotected United , on removed Gutenberg Project works the course of for hope , long , Gutenberg Of the Project with where full agreement of terms name this works the with its associated format same can laws your change downloading derivative country of agreement check Unless . E immediate on phrase eBook performed whenever any , to phrase the copyright Gutenberg than removed have following of copy Project the sentence , Project Gutenberg to to with , most and online check you . United in the the , a . of texts United from derived of the may for the it copy country . of parts You not U contain not States either with redistributing the U States are any can protected If U associated or U holder the If . as an U . work E work fees appearing or requirements for set of U with obtain trademark permission permission comply linked the with . or work not other unlink or beginning permission this work any or Gutenberg or . E . Do . prominently electronic terms . License . work posted . any E links compressed word distribute You may or Plain than version , marked up hypertext of a or the , means format exporting Gutenberg if form you website cost a viewing any Project to paragraph format the . Any Any no at , specified fee Project Any . for fee License Gutenberg not may Any for profits gross applicable works . trademark Any Project royalties your Any each following Archive Any of on and tax paragraph you payments Royalty the donate owner to Literary which this Literary Foundation . your such at donations writing a Section payments does not You you in agree must require e by works . of refund of in the Gutenberg , you a defect a within for or obtain on different distribute than a terms considerable expend as the stored may other , incomplete or disk damaged copyright or that . Except for the , disclaim , party owner , of . all Project Project Right STRICT , discover REFUND can you a by return medium legal NEGLIGENCE you - a for HAVE YOU THAT AGREE YOU OR If work medium OF the the your the without is . defective . this of to on providing entity of received in defect opportunity with second . paragraph . work provided limited work the receive with lieu . further . Some not may implied , refund 'AS of set writing disclaimers types may allow exclusion may the . If . warranties . damages agreement may do the to may limitation to law applicable agreement The agreement in or may . set disclaimer maximum . or the Foundation the void Foundation hold , electronic the invalidity and indemnify provisions this employee of in the with and , of volunteers make certain Gutenberg and and harmless , F accordance . unenforceability violates of You INDEMNITY copies remaining Gutenberg work from Project of agreement that distribution : indirectly costs Gutenberg expenses of any c distribution variety the the middle hundreds of aged is to do production any additions computers Section . obsolete electronic Project the efforts , in works or the or including which Project following of that generations created to provide In collection future secure Project Gutenberg's with and help . a of volunteers formats walks to Project Gutenberg donations can non Gutenberg and the Gutenberg . see gutenberg . future To Foundation more about learn the your about federal status the EIN the Project the laws or full state's . Literary Gutenberg Plaza permitted extent Watchung and your to laws . Email links Foundation's org tax , and contact located gutenberg at contact tax Gutenberg tax the Donations upon cannot out and tax public freely tax equipment support the distributed tax including - of , are in of is particularly requirements in IRS www at contact date Project Foundation these effort . and The we DONATIONS or considerable paperwork the received . do not for from solicit to of status contributions any of compliance where states particular of in we written status committed with many donations to Compliance States with donations the have cannot visit . not with unsolicited we While have determine not met against solicitation and any the outside United us offers from S online General please , donate Professor Gutenberg freely concept Michael check , Donations U concerning are . Project . laws pages in card number our received from small current a donations gutenberg and alone swamp works . donation . electronic donate To other of Gutenberg credit accepted payments of checks . forty only from included with which gutenberg information : unless of Gutenberg Gutenberg . For . about to donations includes facility start website people necessarily Project editions . This to years , he produced a particular Literary eBooks Gutenberg and newsletter our , how keep copyright as has our Project edition is hear our to how new about