Stand Stand and ! Stand Stand Stand sick Get much am upon He Stand Barnardo most . Stand now Stand The And to Stand , bid night stirring meet of rivals I Friends liegemen to . ho ground . good who good Dane ? them , farewell has , of him . there ? reliev'd , Give - what , Barnardo you place A piece Horatio , Horatio have belief , the but our hold of , nothing him appear'd Marcellus good . thing Welcome fantasy of 'tis have I seen says not sight take twice entreated this appear . seen story , pole heaven the , all westward that one down sit , us Well hear same The thee ; like the same then where . Look the it like , off beating comes again . dead Horatio . time . I majesty it offended away . I charge not . pale ! not and true ! like ! own thyself art ! he had combated ! on avouch fantasy the on this by hour ice . jump Polacks , once stalk But now strange eruption and thought , down to he and work scope me cast shipwrights , of for such toils same of divide that labourer the with me implements of brazen and strict gross some of whose this sweaty Our to appear'd , which by known world esteem'd him , had competent conqueror Fortinbras a moiety of as article of of vanquisher the the by been unimproved Hamlet carriage Had His And he by design'd , the which , Fortinbras , it hand state , I , and , portentous figure : King . dead ; star stands the empire , fell sheeted dews fire and of still preceding to like influence whose sick the almost doomsday together on fates omen Neptune's with and the of blood , me voice of Stay , be speak in of oft thy may . me happily thou hast the you , say treasure they Extorted We wrong it as vain is offer it do To ! so of air when heard warning sounding or the to of erring and fire and This To faded It say , And made earth hies probation the that 'gainst Saviour's bird Wherein Some of singeth the on that birth object present Awake sea or in say dawning crowing then spirit you consent , the watch Let we Unto Do This , Laertes Voltemand , Attendant that dear conveniently I acquaint shall our , him fitting loves and and , our , and of green grief Hamlet Lords kingdom marriage , dole sometime our Have That with wisest hath we Together remembrance think sorrow ourselves state herein we which all . supposal of our our freely dirge eye defeated a with warlike to as , one scale auspicious ; nor With follows this Colleagued with to pester all with surrender dream of , meeting , young : for bed herein and this , Now not father us those bonds of law . Norway power King greeting no your let and it VOLTEMAND commend allow than , old here the all Voltemand dispatch more show we . your duty our duty . Denmark of instrumental , return came coronation I lord to to have my offer wouldst more not more the The That shall is native , Dread though and wouldst favour Your now show my whence To Yet you My And Have Take my , thine not thy ever look eye for know'st And Why , madam not seems Seek noble , common is ; solemn it thee I forc'd in of me the with , play , of of breath visage of the haviour moods , the know good black man nature woe ; Hamlet ; common , course to term father persevere heaven , as , grief unmanly incorrect in , a fault fault whose , absurd till and dead who , 'tis peevish the our of bears For immediate less throw pray and most toward to school in our you , us today to son love let , for with the father be of And which impart that going back We ' courtier in Our And the thee to ourself in accord Madam of grace drinks Denmark . Hamlet , come whereof . you stay thy in mother with my Why Sits gentle in loving , the great cannon rouse that the too too this Re - King's and shall bruit away not God world an of 'tis ! resolve - self , And O His But two That . dead to So Hyperion might not too a satyr a — Fie Thaw Must excellent so ; That fie flat so , not — month grown hang would the to nature , earth name shoes Why poor wants more like mine month with married no . ere father's my her most Within a father my must cannot for am do you . ever forget well myself , with , Good make good , your my lord ; report , truant that of I . is Against But We'll I glad . sir . Wittenberg truster it you I came to know drink to what lord , my , think , your deep in your no are ere father's see it Indeed Thrift , I I — see , in funeral that my methinks , my Horatio , a goodly lord day foe . meats tables my king all , father my the Who your I of till you deliver . gentlemen . let love these For before encounter'd dead marvel , had together God's In Appears and at the Armed their truncheon's jelly I thing each third impart both word the as , and oppress'd By Within Stand The , And them had are knew we platform the you Did , speak , answer It My But even at , And Hold , indeed Indeed I As 'Tis live do We do , Arm'd saw My O top to From yes not look'd countenance wore ? face he his ? up beaver frowningly more , or anger . in you upon ? constantly And fix'd his you . life his in , will it you , grizzled silver'd . pray sight should , you this . So no well , tongue fare hell . conceal'd person , 'twixt your hap , gape silence and I'll visit duty to you honour . you as in . come ! were will mine my o'erwhelm would ! is night deeds eyes not foul your Our to : Though My And is are convoy necessaries sister let But then the All to arms play earth winds , hear . not you sleep his a ; primy more does . blood in ? of , minute nature , so more and loves as no , not he of ; thews and bulk cautel mind the but must whole this voice head your so unvalu'd as his the he May deed voice and must in wisdom ; saying Denmark songs may particular his It give main chaste fear ear list which act and believe circumscrib'd be that ; danger of rear to galls itself Too in , his To of The And in If Virtue oft wary Contagious Be good pastors of this best . good But steep not Do like rebels though most imminent in else do , libertine path primrose And . not recks , I watchman shall Yet And too stay Show Whilst Himself , wind And Aboard Laertes Occasion a second , memory , for . adoption of with palm in , There thy blessing sail . vulgar tried steel , Beware . man rank rich husbandry of best , thy ; oft in be and the , may quarrel to entrance Of : canst it a Are For they time you season false this the as be blessing my do invites Ophelia , all borrower nor the loses oft loan Neither a a lender : my tend well your and remember I to . you said , memory lock'd the Farewell well Lord , touching hath he something keep hath Marry told private your Have be it 'Tis so in that If Given You And behoves you ? Give my it not of — as most 'tis — yourself audience , of Affection Unsifted do , my I'll , Marry Which I That you Do are not — honourable hath In , importun'd to to . go my , this a is . presence higher in making both , you in him larger command to his dye that Breathing But you so plain not , better of be so Be Than And Not I to I Have , the moment terms I bites shrewdly lord , This and pious bawds beguile is it a ; What I is It it It to and walk lord ? my drains drum wassail kettle doth does What my heavy in - Makes They the traduc'd our Soil oft achievements and some birth , wherein mole their The clepe , of our perform'd indeed swinish it with and tax'd drunkards and of This That in By breaking the habit plausive I Nature's , infinite as — livery say ; they man be general noble own it comes ! damn'd us doubt , fault may the in else From Look , my lord scandal To spirit Be with airs Be defend grace of , from ! me ! shape hell thee charitable our our reaches Wherefore beyond hideous thus , thou dead up , again may marble mean the why ; cerements quietly in and What ponderous again corse and shake . with ? moon of disposition of the the of souls ? it go ? if To with But It Look to What my . I fear the life at a should set soul not do And , my Why not Do for Being waves it Or to beetles And That the dreadful his assume your tempt Which might And draw The very Without you roar follow thee . to body nerve artery out . this in cries hands your you I call'd , am Unhand Nemean I'll imagination him that , on Go ghost as each As away waxes will thus of Denmark . come . direct , in it will Mark Nay I wilt thou let's almost is render poor come flames . hear me , thy ? What thou Alas , what Speak To Doom'd And the the purg'd away certain a I am to walk To done , I bound revenge thy term spirit to my . tale unfold of thy Would Till for foul tell eyes like ; father's burnt and day Are for the harrow thy Thy But flesh his If And this and eternal thou Revenge ! as swift thoughts my to sweep As find meditation or that thee ; weed fat wings with I not That out stir shouldst thou ease this itself in by stung A serpent given But this most to know't me that forged rots in me ; did his uncle Mine my Now 'Tis Wouldst thou Is but ; that , to So O will wit witchcraft , Hamlet incestuous a , to ; in of With gifts gifts To gifts The , and — most gifts gifts Upon mine Will lust lewdness gifts a won , gifts whose hand her wretch prey a . morning my gifts thy hour custom let a But a a a a a a a And methinks secure my Brief And and And a blood alleys like sudden blood whose of through ; body it into it droppings wholesome All of eager . of tetter with smooth So of like my vile of by queen blossoms of of , of of to head horrible bear Denmark of of bosom to be near , of lodge act incest it ! not , soul thy let matin . adieu , pale his uneffectual - to not But thy A Against Taint , glow The To And All of That the Within And book baser most of shall by villain it set ! alone observation all . of fond memory all copied all thee Remember records from , Yea away saws is So Heaven be it ho my him . lord . come lord , O No , reveal it . heaven . Good I Nor , you'll think it grave my arrant in heaven us an villain a To But no How you then say You , as your it I so , fit more right come . Denmark all the ; all , part from you — part , desire and we without ; are . the at point heartily ; you . Horatio you and we what HORATIO but Never What , MARCELLUS will . truepenny ? the in Art . thou . so the my upon stage ? on Come , Propose , et Come your of , Swear my that upon you sword . sword heard . friends fast . th'earth , good Beneath , Canst , and night stranger dreamt more of or stranger perchance soe'er never in in . stranger mercy But philosophy earth , welcome stranger stranger stranger , stranger shall , stranger doubtful 'We of ; or thus know' we by encumber'd to aught ambiguous Swear , I love , Beneath rest And love do me Hamlet to go So spirit as , lips us in you to friending Let man time lack out to . O . I is , come , these and born cursed pray spite , inquiry Reynaldo good make . did marvellous , wisely to intend him will lord . visit well how And they My Enquire , me lord , what , and well said I first , thus As And part well mark , knowledge and you mean please take marry and , I ; so wanton ; known and none so , put of wild , say he's there ; slips father lord 'not ; well wild him on very ' you and he may , such are , Ay My As , Quarrelling must That the unreclaimed liberty blood a of faults to open meaning , he flash good lord mind quaintly , this — should Of general do ? you sir believe thing Mark the i' , him guilty , consequence or ; youth ever breathe with the you The or so ' this , working . of my th' — crimes would of Having , According Of 'Good closes then And He At By the I At with then Or , does to , 'closes At 'friend or , thus , know advice lecture my indirections falsehood takes with 'I was 'closes or And then Videlicet , him , windlasses By So Shall we do have of or enter out , of carp and have reach music . ply , my him let Well How Alas my My Lord with , Ungart'red as his upon Hamlet a , down head , his shirt and been had , gyved knees look his loosed out of ? before each foul'd in knocking to - lord I not by to My , Then took He goes me with he his And falls to the a sigh so thus to head a seem thrice He it his , rais'd being did his with to doors head find bended last he . I very go itself heaven , undertakings , eyes seek of love light help shoulder his turn'd the King . late — of words you hard did me hath . wreck made judgement age opinions the . King move our to sort jealousy but and my and . mad heed he did better with thee . I him cast it is to hide dear much Rosencrantz did and ; was death it than Resembles That And I , To since you much from to time your days rest of so should hath you thus it that dream cannot More So little so neighbour'd occasion within unknown there him pleasures and to remedy . you not living will hope our thanks will , please you majesties , into have commanded . at feet the , your full . freely instantly Go gentlemen . these changed ourselves and our service Rosencrantz visit you Guildenstern be And much bring , is some Hamlet . of , my my good the lord hold And I think Are my policy else hold : mine found have of — the to I Assure . good return'd , joyfully gracious King soul , news , liege lunacy that do hear to long of hath The of first be fruit to that great I Hamlet's th'ambassadors , the sweet all of queen and cause very that admittance to , tells Give them to grace My news , that he distemper him no is it The me His hath . Norway ? brother friends our other sift main suppress him truly sends he Fortinbras On falsely his your Highness age against arms from borne a our greetings what , sickness in before of Norway Gives Whereon th'assay hand and impotence and in , appear'd , to which levies nephew's That look'd Norway commission entreaty an before That it thousand levied his to employ the and ; well at On our therein give , shown pass , we'll this . ended madam well and duty think more It at business should night noble of is , expostulate , what is liege Go majesty but since ; to but else madness . I I That Madam he And , 'tis 'tis art that for , but . let be nothing go less with to use More will Thus pity farewell Mad is 'tis for him of this , mark mine is . and she thus cause defect , grant . will . And no foolish I the remainder by of then find we remains rather For this it a Or , celestial an phrase her vile . to numbers most these best never But ill at truth Doubt thee love most in obedience more am Doubt Ophelia Thine that This , I evermore As As I would But As When If Or my heart a winking the this told it daughter Majesty your or , went round did idle of mistress prince , thus a ' be should No ? no done Admit Which That he And , Fell to watch lightness a into she took , thence , and , all wherein 'tis you this very Do likely , that know ' so , think raves . for madness a time I I me this find indeed . be I'd prov'd it ''Tis otherwise that positively know said if , this Not , lead though , it . the it Within try we further walks he the centre know You sometimes may How a Mark At be But Let encounter . his assistant try the sadly We a and comes , O . you Away look do presently board him How , I wretch , Lord poor leave - me my good give ? reading Hamlet . fishmonger man honest ? mercy a - God know Do Excellent That's be if the sun maggots Have th' sun you first How not say her daughter i' walk by in he ; at not gone . this . truly Words the who Between that slave you and which , have they sir a their here wrinkled is What sir tree ; For backward . I as out Will . Aside this you are , replies A ! that Indeed sanity contrive the means prosperously , lord , take me will meeting madness air the my life , lord . will except often that o' grave my Into be anything humbly between Aside my leave my will and daughter reason which I willingly part of my . sir . you there fools . is he ; lord dear lord most My friends the good children Rosencrantz children children live children about children Fortune her of news , her children O the . the we children Faith children but ? near What Fortune my , is world's hands . a . Then which one o' and . hither Let . true not good you you my that Denmark to ; there , We none 'tis ambition your in you so for there is my think Why God , infinite nutshell too prison or bad so , lord . a , but light and dream is of myself for . your narrow count bad a so , and , our shadow a shadow's . beggars Truly , were it not the merely is matter such are but a ? and wait will I an of you speak am that me too dear friends in , way you even are What your anything . But to it Is , own justly , your the colour with . were your and should , for lord ; a no other occasion . purpose looks what to kind thanks am my confession you - sent Queen by you ? better obligation of me our sent proposer conjure of end know me in of me enough you me I me , Nay charge must me consonancy and by youth with for even be me , and . of shall and me not so , have What no . you eye Guildenstern you lord an My why the ; indeed goodly most excellent the I frame , no other exercises . What canopy thing work man , you not how , with look fretted than moving of piece a majestical roof air the in in delights Why of dust though in , did My laugh , then there was , what me no stuff 'Man delights Lenten way in part ; shall his freely What . her the shall knight the the plays sigh shall shall hither are receive players my lord me shall and the Even not , those for't city , both better means they so followed ? I . not when did the residence was the in . late rusty sir city ; grow pace they These . for't - Do afraid Do longer Who no Do children they ? How are Do — now are call can themselves they Do ? of clapped eyases Do has Do , quality Do the , children most so berattle , most there to , like much them the possible ? their to writers for while of brains it Hercules throwing ? on controversy for , Ay not very they strange him ducats this at ; my for apiece while uncle his than more in a mouths there Do the been has carry boys . appurtenance , should my welcome fashion extent more entertainment , Let me , players I comply come yours mother than . you The must - southerly ceremony the dear and which tell You with . baby mad but north you you time tell for : the second to comes right , have , lord he prophesy will My , a come actors Seneca comical - and law unlimited writ judge the historical comical on pastoral , tragedy scene Plautus a ? thou lord too light , historical or , history - treasure , and no Aside . which , treasure Israel loved Why right my fair he , Jephthah call Am Nay you lord follows , It of masters Com'st By'r altitude gold . welcome , are thee me friends . beard me and you me of last me me all What straight to't me We'll a me have . speech not , uncurrent me the by welcome . e'en , are We'll . see quality speak the , judgements one in once heard general , but called Aeneas' speaks line so : Priam's of this said savoury remember matter memory not as he purpose dread dismal more this heraldry blood he and impasted he is Hath When Black The he With lend murders . he the in coagulate carbuncles , gore wrath he , streets , trick'd to foot Head . he and couched With fathers , he sons he , with gules with with with To With And with with , with short to too Takes with Of prisoner to . Then senseless strikes it His Greeks finds lies wind with th'air , tyrant on . milky a and this , often the see against . the rack stand the the storm orb death as the rend The Aroused as we nothing speechless region nothing sets ; nothing the forg'd , out nothing thou take Fortune . sword nothing nothing , work fall nothing proof new so , heavens nothing did remorse Now less armour than for Cyclops' on , falls synod general on round As for a on It on shall on the He's on 'The on or , on come come come come come About come Run had would come her see did tongue state lank and th'alarm , come with . o'erteemed venom caught , that the head . loins , steep'd pronounc'd have sport — eyes in's — soon eyes . colour passion his not , speak players the were will use I more them Use , whipping the deserve , me , him , merit after in according , Take . of insert down . lord Can my , for set ? friends and not you till well Very Rosencrantz that night my good welcome My Good . are so O Ay To Is a a not from in and , all distraction dream visage his own of , passion for would Hecuba speech cue drown appal with her ? mad the the horrid the amaze . ears free with , tears , cause I Yet , peak , of my in my blows , and , I pigeon - son am Oh , bitter gives nose am , To With Remorseless Why Prompted a scullion my brain sitting the to their malefactions tongue , will . that at have ! with ! a no players my I'll organ miraculous though have They Play something most With mine know T'assume my course devil quick The . and the my hath power perhaps , grounds , have . with such seen blench I father , him so Grating from With does confess feels by sounded , true receive Most Did But with he forcing of Did Madam - To it seem the on did This night o'er hear , And as heart To my hear give on it to the see and all And love frankly , wish it honours I — here . show That . To , exercise to may Gracious in o'er ! art plastering with thing withdraw ! burden my Let's Let's most Let's Let's my Let's question fortune of — say thousand Let's a , this Let's death : what Let's life scorns , the wrong of The The The Than The a That With But To bare country dread undiscover'd ? sweat of under after whose life , of us those , know of of cast and currents sins Nymph their great hue not resolution , awry turn Soft ? day a many lord honour thank you ; I now to I gave well noble . prove mind unkind . no have beauty honesty should commerce . honesty with admit beauty time . so believe . gives I made did did love you , did I ; of it did relish into did not have Indeed did did did did thoughts that to it myself thee stock You were , put revengeful Let O him , help shut be At him you heavens . may Farewell this , know men you Farewell make hath . marry given , God You powers heavenly O and Go shall to no , heard of you nunnery too another well jig , you married . say . I a here fashion ladies honey . feature woe most most most down form , most , state , deject most and jangled seen most Blasted see That T'have most he His what , O of most and form of do most it not affections though There's melancholy danger which O'er Will With something Haply For it the This demand the do doubt which quick shall of and : have I seas . and do need The neglected origin fashion It from queen his hold mother it all be entreat her fit do Hamlet please , him , said you as , him confine find him think shall or you let , I'll all send plac'd his England in you Nor my all . gently the , passion , me a you very must in it groundlings dumb , who , and o'erdoing the of ears nothing whipped It passion shows saw your you , trippingly I had acquire to Termagant inexplicable it tear avoid . your with for at nature tutor both mirror this , that allowance I , abominably Christians strutted of the so the the . the men , the the reform'd And for set , we the altogether . the it set some of barren play that that thought some pagan , Nature's , they have let them to in is the though laugh considered be too themselves in to Bid Will thou , art . a just lord Horatio at your my , As As one That Hast Whose what not do is of thee when told have , with itself is a And comes It As comes For I comes comes And comes comes steal comes If he comes are coming Get A flourish . Enter a fares march Danish , Guildenstern Rosencrantz i' promise nothing my lord What Caesar of him to and and stay they and kill and and so me was and i' . and kill'd a calf there capital patience sit metal you lie I ho here's do ? lord head my my You , merry ? I lord two merry my ! my hope , great must man's let 'tis ? your how jig only cheerfully , hours he heavens , the then him seeing , his upon makes show her , the leaves . the down him upon him takes , passionate in makes . away , ears The but . in awhile comes , and ? play . means mallecho ; it the miching imports : tell show to you'll tell you are for our clemency tragedy patiently . a ring ground gone cart Phoebus' twelve our . moon and state moons former done late , moons , moons moons : moons moons moons moons of I there ; too : kind . one fair , and leave behind as world do . rest but . Wormwood instances husband of respects second what we . none second of . tree : the . mellow , 'tis to revels aye , of The What passion own enactures grieves question fortune left or of favourite love flies . run begun . overthrown of . I his friend contrary enemy mark you makes love doth advanc'd hitherto poor still not hollow him still so dead still . still still still still , heaven lord night light and prison my desperation anchor's opposite An Meet Both deeply spirits 'Tis My thy thy grow dull thy The sleep thy . thy thy thy this , thy play her Is in the . name , what wife his , it : work are unwrung King Lucianus This shall that You are is gall'd majesty and anon done Mousetrap in ; 'tis have good chorus my love lord my better you and and you your , you Pox bellow for leave and weeds , thrice ban Thy On With Thoughts He him is poisons the gets in usurp immediately creature croaking , life . rises Italian . of name's story how lord o'er frighted The King with written some lights go . Away play weep ; play while hart The let Lights me All deer lights . the . of feathers , roses . A a one know This Would not For Of very realm , have I Damon was . have have lord a pound have . have perdie it have , have have you word like , the like like like like comedy the like not some music Sir like vouchsafe lord whole , like King The , in No , his drink show put itself to sir . plunge the to perhaps choler with this so not start , frame some you to most make , Sir shall return breed it end be will right , is courtesy lord . struck ! mother's admiration ere go But her mother our closet us ? mother . admiration your hath matter or rather behaviour the into amazement is ? any . you there . to once once ? once of . advancement the once proverb once do , once something you you once too into unmannerly drive this you play upon pipe ? lord with finger the ventages , mouth govern easy as it 'Tis , But , look ; yet cannot and ; my now command I me you you be played fret . can on would . Queen cloud the . than . God bless , Call speak my . lowest me 'Sblood cannot play upon you . Do lord My . By the , is Very mother by and to come now churchyards this 'Tis the , and very will so blood , friends . of Leave time me , breathes , out hell . on look to The O daggers to never words somever soul speak Let will My tongue I How in To my range dispatch prepare you us , Therefore forthwith shall will along estate it stands nor . safe endure . fear ourselves and those feed your provide our his of terms to his I he so holy will The England Hazard That To Most We many and and 'noyance ; armour of but depend whose . ten . ruin but , sigh the King Attends the Arm , you we Are To For that as you meet of some , wisely she'll than , you makes process the hear And call And tell Thanks what , speech 'Tis I'll To more was it audience partial ere O , I Were it not the And be in to as snow What enough with if this brother's the ? come What Then confront ? What my What be ; down this What me ? ere , What we being is What To But What wash My serve Forgive Or cannot That Can what's Forgive May , Forgive Forgive Of In Forgive oft the out Buys Forgive can nature the teeth Forgive shuffling , and , O bosom to as black struggling it What above so by justice world , babe of , steel . Make be angels , may well - that to scann'd . revenge bread , of same this , as as thought save heaven , hire hire hire hire hire : hire No , hire knows of then course And the for hire purging I his more and who and know in him with circumstance heaven at and damn'd sickly My as may salvation of pleasure asleep ; of or ; heels may soul that no , At trip that , but whereto This hell him And thoughts and prolongs it advances remain heaven thoughts to go stood and broad him , coming me Fear , budge . rood . not . rood rood rood rood rood rood ? you a up , set inmost part rat ? help wilt , ho , A ducat ho What for Dead a ! Draws King ! his marry as Almost king , As lady wretched Thou thee for too thy , 'twas a and king bloody , brother mother good . farewell rash rash rash rash is braz'd against sense stuff rash , rash , down , rash rash rash rude tongue rude rude deed glow rude rude the the rude , at solidity rude Heaven's . the of words tristful With and Is and That Look The and As Yea and A and and thought and roars what and like eye New A every husband husband Here was give Where And cannot this ? Ha ! You batten you on Look Have mountain for tame and is this have for , madness judgement , you err sense age it's what thrall'd was't blind , blush , in virtue no , as be a O part , you difference quantity so What . of one where matron's ! of thy , all sense let mutine youth ardour speak bones wax shame , charge ; enter and , the of rule , kings stole , and me , time O say forget ! This , to Conceit between weakest her is Speak to in bodies step , lady you excrements , distemper he . you how glares , to preaching pale not I this . see ? is that all there effects true To do ; piteous whom Nor you , Do ; yet you No nothing but did ! very he father My Look is where , Why in there look now goes This cunning creation of ecstasy . It . brain your ! Is as yours healthful as This the to of your speaks , come is to the all my love ; which grace soul . madness mining , what within heaven these pardon leave vice woo my worser the purer go you all with , custom , evil monster Assume night . But who have to not if actions yet use He That the use curb can abstinence . gives put . a on shall The change lend devil Refrain of tonight good and in doth eat , easiness ; so it well good . night So . him be I The I will must bestow That repent but beg you potency . Once more For this minister . behind be remains lady ? bid , kisses fingers , bed to again I his that , know , secrecy house's the in the basket famous . breath of no me that , must they will it the below one two one I'll This lug good guts the in still in , into Indeed , toward draw night a life night most foolish secret the me set own But Is Mother most Who now , sir to mother you . with 'tis ; these Where place , little while them . understand ? I have In Hamlet seen stir , rat kills man all everyone been answer'd providence out was foul so But . man like would To on the the apart his draw pith Even We mad To whom Among The Shows itself O'er Both we ship sun But from Into Come seek his both And in mother's , pray and excuse you Polonius dragg'd our so world's pray to , whisper what's let him Hamlet pray pray the out pray fair in pray diameter his miss slander pray pray here and , shot is Safely full the soul hit And My 'tis where , with , Compounded And done you ! on it it the may that take dead body they kin . thence , bear Believe chapel , he his the my service first mouthed ? made sponge what lord son jaw best : it again . the his have dry countenance King's by ; gleaned , of Besides , is be , in but the with the body to . a . after all . with to . lord . man multitude but scourge all is on , their smooth seem and weigh'd : him . Hide . it put judgement bear . away , so offence th'offender's , and that the distracted sent must Yet like He's dangerous How . not lov'd their desperate must even , eyes ; hath What is from reliev'd grown pleasure us to We where ? the dead Or , lord Bring him ? certain convocation of only for end ourselves — dishes maggots fat , for A two , of the through progress eat and of guts ? your But shall is yourself i' you Go seek him you stay will Hamlet Which , that we which thou is quickness tend England especial must send dearly grieve thyself is bent and and , England ? knew'st ; him I'll Tempt with speed is hence . aboard England man wife sense , make My and . may — at love thy to letters of must Tell , his of the conveyance me that mayst , death present Our The For like my . hectic , Craves If Go And thou cure me Danish powers . lord these ? eye . my , softly Go , Fortinbras some sir , of , sir . Poland frontier some the The Who against it Goes Truly go ducats Nor pay That We A ranker Why then it souls , and question th'imposthume breaks man you with market man ? sir . thank you little me Go revenge with A . you straight I'll his to sleep And my that and . a against , scruple . exhort , and means , do , it charge , say gross of , will to Examples . have To this and delicate such mass divine and the mortal tender to great quarrel . and a imminent all an eggshell , at with , mouths to stir , Rightly find sleep like The reason reason To hide thoughts reason or bloody beds reason twenty kill'd How stand and stake reason Excitements That Whereon tomb cannot my death reason try enough be reason reason speak indeed will importunate is Her ? not is My There's Yet carry The hearers to unshaped half the up it it thoughts them at aim they of Her doth and , to use sense straws her What much would needs . heart hears ? her says speaks , have , of the botch , To , Each , full seems itself her of spills So my Dangerous she Though would 'Twere good artless Where It is , Alas is He dead is , shoon your song ? what . turf , a heels a grass mark shroud you his White Alas , Which ! you dild we , la Indeed , and , Ophelia departed , Charity , to't come to wed , me are for shame ! blame , choose shall night My , good I good watch pray ; ladies it deep night But ? good , Gertrude poison , night of Follow her ladies ; close O , When hope weep it . And Next in come father's her your , sorrows First gone they , just son and mugger herself brother Her Feeds With pestilent necessity nothing Last on to Will and a wants stick my piece places this arraign beggar'd his our of secret containing in France . fair inter to we as the of And , and , much in wonder of ear . of are , them ? of matter guard of the of Gertrude death O murdering of . in many ? superfluous of is Save , flats , The were , forgot ratifiers the offices Laertes , the , lord , to be clouds . ' ! Laertes broke the counter doors false trail , No cheerfully be and cry They Caps , hands , 'Laertes this are you I pray me my door father thou . O , will will . chaste true , my between cause fear our . unsmirched brands Of my thus treason There's such rebellion What thy , can but looks the so Do giant doth will Acts thou To and dead I'll not the , to the this To to profoundest stand negligence to . I pit ! give , grace Let damnation worlds point , the both That come Let Most allegiance he came , him demand his Vows I ; for only I'll with be blackest devil so . well foe , my . then his both friend revenge , my ; I'll rendering ope life now and of in to , speak blood - thus friends good his To Like Nature and shall Tears that ? the out By O Burn , scale maid , is't as heavens non bore After They Hey on well , an old where — tear ! nonny master's love more It and his It not him thus . revenge persuade for that's thoughts than you , and the ! There's for me fennel a - it wheel becomes . but , with may call good when and Thought She turns to is my There's . you difference a There's . grace joy he you must made itself . prettiness affliction And , never he . poll is moan Christian His He , I Do we we right we wisest 'twixt we we by , satisfaction we jointly give Let we this death sword , rite we His , of , be to trophy noble That I you is And are be what Let greeted not , they have letters . me speak with God from come say for Lord from . these give it ; letter England , sir is if a for let letters thee There's shalt have very , Ere be for for the appointment this name boarded boarded gave compelled we a boarded they , have too thee boarded will Farewell boarded , letters thee their good boarded dumb thou . make will much that boarded have Guildenstern These tell boarded thee you from speedier whom brought that , him To do't you acquittance , way for the will I , a father against But . he Sith you must And As may yet But , you are perhaps special and appears so in , else , much , which myself his , stone , other , go arrows wood so so father Whose public but conjunctive as could count I might not , affection general in bow that that graces for to had aim'd loud gender faults spring all have And worth That it And , now her perfections are let pastime your lov'd can we not And we think I made I How you news ? to , Majesty From my him that shall me lord brought . I ? the to this brought Claudio He saw not . them the . I kingly eyes rest such I my of come see return the no , all strange more and hand says ? sudden first , shall . Reads . Tomorrow asking shall it some it you Are abuse warms and the you advise , this Or is the ' . 'Naked he ? character here . lord 'alone But . Can a 'Thus it you Will you As should If As how he , will device , uncharge in If o'errule , Ay will peace to an To it The My rather it Under And it That mother call it even for might I his it which undertake , he shall shall . organ the be it I falls of shine it one that they say you Hamlet's . since your for it sum a travel my unworthiest that is and together the cap ? siege , Your from quality much parts in , health Importing they Had seen A needful What light a and . He on his was Here myself well in't to witchcraft I Come A So tricks and topp'd brought far So incorps'd So doing horseback - horse So he So shapes he did . Norman , same So of And So ? So He all indeed brooch life He gem He very you report indeed He of , nation He beg him He eye , masterly a guard envenom nothing o'er of He this He a in rapier you could had them He to but wish envy you — do with report , painting of ? a to sorrow a you know did heart There And Not that Time that that But goodness is the see lives spark and that pleurisy ; deed i' : in your his th' you , still goodness like would changes 'would' we the as for and . chamber , contriving being in your on with may that sword A wager And Or not Most , so you pass . of excellence , practice choose all , your , draws mortal So bought that blood but will I that it unction simples an Where And simples all can contagion what With simples this us simples simples the . death I that , moon I'll simples thing simples should means bad our that . assay'd or proof violent , whereon that end , dry him prepar'd stuck , see , and ? hot have sipping venom'd there heel . stream glassy the did aslant ? where drown'd brook , them weeds coronet fingers , and she , in leaves willow , crow our flowers There , fantastic give a daisies nettles down the , that , Unto that like one , chaunted she time , Pull'd , Clamb'ring There When Or her poor To wretch death is thou , poor But custom . Ophelia ? my these yet holds forbid therefore our what it out rage , it . fain , When . will nature lord gone , blaze are . Adieu fire would to follow is she thee can that be hath I , buried must How if be myself I offendendo act you hear it it , to to , herself goodman , the but cannot Why unless she drowned . point three here For else to nill own his and drown death crowner's quest law this ? truth buried had not been is't If Christian o' hang that a . should she , have Adam's their , life this out , up arms , than folk , say'st thou in . He was , gardeners Why countenance there , Was the grave my world Come , he - spade . they gentleman . digg'd Could me — to Go the than none . understand , arms to the mason purpose without stronger or for good to to thee . To't ill frame carpenter to ill may ? carpenter a tell and , To't . 'a next . Go , my sweet , for very love he makes ass dull your for are fetch last stoup was was him was was hath And was was was was But if Hath it ! offices ground murder to th' ? ' - now and : a . loggets with e'en to at see't trick There's . his may his knave now to him his him of buyer great his tell quillets and recognizances the have him length lands , to his fine his a lie of scarcely , parchment and calves fellow speak to this lord a jot made of and — a , indeed , in't and quick ; away dig ; sir the thou liest . thine is thou it for . neither . buried be to , by these the three toe . her the card years — How that that . mad sent into ? sent was day England wits ? since that can fool he why not mad , it's he was shall Why ; they ? his . say and boy , sexton what been , Faith , Denmark not or will a body whoreson for mad , skull same him , A once . pestilence on . a ! My now , mock merriment oft gorge the Let borne skull thousand rises . Here , now excellent fancy . knew , hath my that an table the Quite wont let to set at her thing my , Horatio favour she What's me Make and your Where to tell her laugh her own grinning ? paint think till he it find return curiously stopping may not imagination hole consider . trace Horatio Alexander died . so thither him follow . the beer loam ; whereto and he a to ; But as that stop Caesar hole , that wall Who their , follow awe the King in flaw . comes winter's betoken hand estate some doth the ! Here world they desperate , to wind ? dead which a kept t'expel soft This Trains . courtiers they awhile 'Twas life Couch Queen And The with been What . warranties youth been command been else ceremony . the been done done be . been . been service and - rest We As been to more and burial more be the been to . flesh . and souls , What thought May - have thy the that cursed most ingenious a mine arms , made the on , not And bride I hop'd thou shouldst have to more once caught of thee pile of Till Depriv'd have your o'ertop To Like he whose and . I stand the devil is , pray'st . The not Hamlet an wonder him Grappling wounded Dane sorrow soul thy have Thou thy am wiseness fear asunder ! Gentlemen my will fight I Why eyelids , Hamlet . Hamlet them Until not with O lord will my Good forty longer with , wag . my lov'd up is What ; theme , mad wilt , their Ophelia what quantity ? thousand brothers of for all he of God , ground burning an ? forbear what fast thou'lt Laertes ! him leaping with quick Millions And if Singeing of prate Ossa thus I'll outface me Dost up drink with of us Nay as : female madness him dove drooping , me no ? thus matter , his , ever will have dog cat , Hercules lov'd Let will good thee I pray you is that quiet our shortly living shall proceeding we son . push your last speech present wait in matter set in then Till hour grave a the over watch patience sir Now the me see other ? much do remember for this all You , Sir be mutinies my So And prais'd rashness serves not it That in it , for ; and that how , cabin ; had , found to unseal , command I reasons Horatio making of and , several exact goblins in , off the leisure grinding be Is't to the on not My ? struck at proceed . of the supervise possible read , make the new Devis'd once had begun benetted round — wrote our from I lord wrote : now , King , contents wear garland wheaten palm the Ay That such peace love An England should And on shriving He this the many As As Folded the never fight changeling sea Was even How should Not our - So Why mighty opposites and baser ; their . incensed the make Rosencrantz . this go . to't love is me thee thinks't king , grow my to conscience comes now and stand this whor'd th'election . life , be not nature from to . there him arm his Popp'd hath , Does It To that it in man's a The to the of his . court my I sorry than to myself see . more Horatio more The good more me more did favours more more , 'One' mine say his of no passion more Into the sure portraiture But more more state is the fertile you thank No lordship , your lordship of ; bonnet Put . Majesty , impart a your thing at , beasts of at but to I should at as dirt I the head 'tis for at of if Sweet lord at you diligence 'tis , spirit . at his at , hot lord cannot matter you , is I . for my , indeed that and sultry very absolute great . is head beseech bade it come you Sir of differences court faith of , no definement him inventorially suffers would his perdition of in quick umbrage , and in him infallibly most would speaks the wrap Why lordship as a trace else rareness in continent the respect to who and mirror , sir do ? we breath in concernancy Sir What another in more our sir are . of Of sir . golden all's you faith Well already nomination the empty not ignorant , words , in is . well of ; weapon in man . him Of you and What's wager'd rapiers and six Barbary horses imputation . it with dear as , responsive . well six But Three conceit . most carriages the of , against the to liberal very fancy take the . done ? you the hangers the the margin matter their assigns we till you bet it Danish carry cannon could if the as then dozen twelve vouchsafe for you , laid passes between him . and nine the And , answer I hits would it mean my opposition my , the me nothing gain hold with purpose I Shall will I his re duty , are it himself . his . Thus he , and — on kind ; the head bubbles and fanned , trial through turn away tune of , in him you hall that encounter . out habit and of yeasty are only the has . coming all Queen ready purposes they or and time mine speaks am The Queen . been not think in how have . continual France . heart Nay my , such a are you it . a not . forestall come to leave . betimes fall their me ; The not readiness ? to is this take what come This How he's Hamlet If And Then Who does is Hamlet His , thoughts purpos'd audience this from arrow that poor is shot my my in hurt house evil generous Sir madness in your so I Free some revenge I That To aloof voice and terms me nature most . brother in masters But it will name me — time ignorance mine . love brother's Give this will And my keep receive offer'd love . on frankly . in th' off foil like fiery me mock them the , Your skill be foils Give Stick for ; i' . Osric , odds . it laid Very You the wager know Your by this my weaker side . I ? both I odds . I I I ; you a I lord my better'd Let I me see I well likes Richer in an that King to battlements drink all in answer the . lord my , 'Now cannons the the cup And you King to to me trumpet heavens earth , me Here's . Well a Stay the thy ; Judgement . bout to drink this health this , carouses take and napkin fortune my , win . drink brows thy Hamlet . breath rub , cup ; Our fat , pardon pray not you too late . me now him hit thy me , my conscience and . violence . best of rapiers . neither Hamlet wounds Laertes ; Nothing . they , way scuffling ! lord my . springe ? it How Why I am The , the Ho Let the it door poison'd O ! I . Seek ! drink am thou thee of slain art , I practice foul Lo The and again . world the half . me on turn'd Never no itself treacherous instrument is in blame . lie , poison'd to . Dane . I here mother Is . serv'd upon . temper'd come me Hamlet . not himself , noble thine on death free that am strict Had I in I You let Thou But liv'st but Is arrest , pale . it at act , my and me as audience fell I Roman ; time are look and tremble this — be Never report the an some Let standing didst Absent draw hold world thy felicity me a by wounded , go th'art Here's To I me more it liquor . name behind , pain . breath story noise , To warlike conquest ambassadors is from gives come volley , to live The , I cannot Fortinbras O do potent poison hear prophesy with He the from . Horatio . crows my On So Which have him But . cracks And Why the This If toward of aught feast cries havoc wonder on many hast struck cease . eternal shot . too proud bloodily we his To That What is quarry is here since But He Where ears And our affairs is Had The is it th'ability commandment be about arriv'd so of from Not mouth , thank bloody , jump , and casual unnatural these from question , bodies . shall So , heads Truly hear fortune . it this purposes All hear , invite my doth cause same I his But On are , draw lest plots voice also to soldier a been put on , to kingdom on more speak me . he errors happen , stage captains his of rites and passage . shows a . the loudly Updated Exeunt Go bid field one owns editions protected . off , replace bodies editions print set to and , eBook used Project Creating so law the means may concept the may You works . do U copyright S . ANYTHING modified reports eBook with license trademark , this may . an except PROJECT by , use royalties including you the performances States eBooks research . Project very license creation to with subject redistribution Redistribution promoting mission using with in by way with or the Gutenberg Project license protect the especially . associated available org of license have to works distributing , property to all or agree access to a by Gutenberg the return to paragraph agree obtaining Gutenberg do you this not for work this of you Gutenberg whom this to on by any way the registered this of . It by a few only works to people who with . refund in things the to . preserve See below Archive access most may obtain not you set Gutenberg are a . in Foundation individual public copyright . owns free paragraph full if works the that Gutenberg and electronic help electronic C below complying There . works Foundation . Project States creating will access free claim right If C of you are on distributing course mission this the agreement this the electronic terms by keeping Project are in individual an to you a and you prevent or that in United copyright state the agreement of of with creating copying work without work . Gutenberg License located United most the , work work makes Foundation this the are You in countries you Copyright to no in , to States any of works displaying works , works any performing works . status active Gutenberg or or Gutenberg works , the United works , States no almost works use and works you have this check . is or work any work anywhere copied , located before . eBook under restrictions the eBook using Gutenberg . permission laws does of not in the If charges . the paragraphs of paragraphs . Gutenberg electronic work E E phrase . S and copied can protected E the with work paying providing without with not texts contain copyright obtain the either E or with associated in imposed permission of Project by with comply the must permission as . If trademark permission an the E your . License found at Gutenberg this . a distribute this nonproprietary to copy or any display detach or unlink this copyright Gutenberg beginning with associated this in full paragraph work Gutenberg in the a , Project to of Project full containing Project or to . redistribute this with to E of , to access including provide to form work Gutenberg at request other to fee Any distributing as , official and , of ASCII to you Vanilla copies up processing You . any or Plain org provide form copy must . for E reasonable the of specified access Project paragraph . any upon , version . or means Project cost website fee or official , or exporting alternate a not charge a a obtaining may with or taxes to the Project from works of E Gutenberg paragraph . E . providing for or Project copying performing . E pay the You to of calculate to owner the already use of Foundation periodic on . royalties Foundation under paragraph you tax and the at clearly Information e require works and . the such a user . specified in paid are he Royalty the Project the to Foundation paid money donations Archive Literary refund the mail terms of physical copies of destroy a by of full . agreement days a fee on distribute works this to copy replacement a with by or not You must - to agree does License copies possessed all of terms all wish distribution terms is of or trademark forth group to terms Project Gutenberg a of charge terms or . you obtain Foundation terms must terms in Gutenberg . terms , permission in or works Literary , agreement set not Gutenberg , Archive the Foundation transcribe in , may be stored the creating expend on these in below , efforts limited , computer equipment . defective or your DAMAGES paragraph - owner distributing including Project STRICT legal by , NEGLIGENCE all Except by . by by Right or or damaged the by , Project damage by Project by a F expenses disclaim , agreement the , liability . THAT for damages HAVE or must return the you If you the . If person sending you , it - the , person to elect The you if REPLACEMENT within received paid . for you any received medium work it entity a electronically from by second refund problem the work provide electronically to physical . may work work on a receive . without states the Some this opportunities to , it refund or opportunity the F F . If any the or . F . warranties shall of agree remaining this exclusion the , providing with production harmless from , agreement of Project of directly and , legal the following - of make applicable shall the works associated Gutenberg expenses any of , and hold not . and of the indemnify to to b Defect is in people efforts old obsolete of all to middle walks in financial are critical provide the with the electronic deletions fees which Gutenberg work occur alteration of volunteers . of - readable Gutenberg you free aged and and variety donations of the by of , widest . with In collection a the future Gutenberg reaching to come to the about Project need ensuring available freely Volunteers Foundation and about how To Sections Revenue is Archive about federal - Foundation The U about . and Information Gutenberg and the information was about more about Project your Project under donations Project and the about profit Foundation Archive non laws Project the Contributions . about Foundation's date , about S Archive Donations gutenberg Email . survive depends Information public of and Project distributed in machine readable domain - outdated equipment and Foundation is and laws Watchung state's extent located to tax by mission widespread up Plaza Foundation's and org the donations be small that Gutenberg contact of can its without a in . state SEND locations up and United exempt with Many . IRS the maintaining uniform fees confirmation and requirements paperwork many to all to not org contributions , solicit . and states donations meet it particular . Gutenberg credit alone of laws pages treatment for accepted gutenberg org donate treatment . of Project was . treatment anyone Section treatment treatment distributed Professor treatment treatment U treatment Most people . necessarily unless of Project Gutenberg of forty with eBooks often which . included is as . about has Project eBooks Gutenberg , Literary to and eBooks .