Stand Stand Nay Stand Stand Stand 'Tis Stand Stand Stand a quiet had Not mouse do Well , to Stand ground I honest soldier good you Give . Horatio is there of Welcome What , With He Tush approve if And down again once have nights assail our story your appear it , so What That That , let two let us are we , down , this . of part the — and all westward from that t'illume that's then Look where it pole . myself . to with Mark to ; fear . night form warlike , thee charge Denmark time and this fair spoke be , of buried I offended is It speak , and , will not and . more ! charge thee speak gone ! away stalks ! something my ! What God ! How ! thou Is Without So ! he very Norway , thyself he combated ice on ; the on in the th'ambitious parle . by our martial strange angry had armour an our and some In what stalk smote frown'd When he the now Why this down , and divide And such foreign sit daily for the might Who the Doth that labourer this from implements my of , task week day the sweaty me ; I can That Whose whisper goes now of King sore cannon war , world which our by ratified Well this so his life stood For Was which moiety a of , of had those seal'd by to competent our carriage vanquisher And been the as ; Did by Of a list of lawless resolutes same lands his conqueror , other it take chief the the land , so e'en this haste lost father main our state no some to ; appear of think lands so that preparations head . King figure like , on the of earth omen preceding doomsday still precurse ; of with Did In the The even sick whose almost to sun the the prologue to and climatures our ! behold heaven Unto Was , cross But And , If thee any good thing , illusion again comes , Stay voice . thy , to done me of to country's ! and ! speak life , in death stand my with Marcellus , Stay it it 'Tis 'Tis as malicious offer And It We it For was The Doth the sea god Whether it Upon Awake his with his This Some in And they dawning Saviour's ever faded on that say our It . and or Wherein bird are takes then The To of the crowing birth is singeth spirit planets charm , abroad ; long stir to hath russet yon do upon for watch the so in time clad speak . life my in of dew the o'er But Walks Break So This spirit Do As you consent needful we in do't To , of green , Hamlet in in hearts wisest discretion far we With With mirth equal Th'imperial our Have contracted be with Together , In we one in funeral as better our disjoint of brother's worth Fortinbras , message , death his with frame our young our freely and herein barr'd , marriage , him , you For , of advantage pester along . supposal ourself , and bed is for business gait impotent the valiant brother this to father the dream of us bonds of meeting , law for : dispatch Voltemand , levies scarcely , nephew's and good Of Giving business Of and let you of Cornelius , subject his of You For To Farewell ; We doubt will heartily of not head is the . more be , Your whence though confess bend gracious says done , Polonius my . last at What leave slow go be and less and on i' much colour dust in noble all that the lives , is die with particular it so , Nay my inky thee ? grief visage of the eye , and and and and bound , lost and sorrow and a understanding A shows Of and and it and Take Is From death must to For we the should As An be vulgar in Fie heart most against most our , till fathers reason we he corse of so absurd whose cried to of hath today throw you still common that earth , take us son your bears of world love our his note intent Wittenberg shall Our And It In Do Let pray not Here I in all Why I a of come . tell dew ! fix'd a into itself Everlasting slaughter weary Thaw that , all Fie the King's speaking and Oh seed Possess grows it months So two . nay a dead would O God ! would ? face a excellent , uses an come much was the beteem — fie ! 'tis and to . roughly Why increase on fed it Hyperion satyr not think not what remember to not , this , should things on't king he Let Like She With break , poor am I But to or Horatio The , And Sir change I'll And very glad what am But A , I Nor would shall To Against But teach lord We'll I prithee , I came mock was to it follow'd marriage the see me I think it , Thrift , forth I my , mind's take look I was I him My saw he shall him not man In my once . a father in , his a goodly . him ? Who the lord a , Saw ? lord With marvel encounter'd Been dead an For Armed In thus at before Goes This together Marcellus exactly middle , had you till . let God's Upon slow Appears their to Almost jelly and with length and cap thrice they of him impart the act . father true did This to both kept , walk'd , distill'd , whilst not speak truncheon's oppress'd them , them and solemn he surprised - to third each , thing , night the time , address speak . more your ; this are like methought . loud it yet in from then even It Did we And 'Tis my let To Indeed And did Itself live indeed do sirs but . this lord BARNARDO down ? do it . me the know of my Both to , my , My Arm'd top from saw From you Then wore foot his , yes O head not he lord to lord constantly his constantly constantly have MARCELLUS with much very constantly would constantly constantly constantly constantly a . BARNARDO . like and Stay'd . haste Longer when , longer It I'll If I , peace pray noble , it me to And speak hold Upon it understanding your , rise . well ; will deeds come eyes give you not winds , the . assistant For The Grows virtue his no withal and nature Think thews inward And subject subject subject subject he Than Then subject with May subject If subject subject of of of of she If of itself canker buttons of spring . affection of of , desire . not not not not heart of good not thorny reckless dalliance ungracious But . not , brother , heaven , not way a primrose not path his not O my . own libertine father grace comes ; shame for sail , act no memory . tried thy Give thy , voice thy . gaudy , in best generous rank and ; any the man self own as be . day . of and the . he lock'd memory to said the of you on must . tenders many the so — and oft free put yourself so most been — of not behoves Give ? late up made green call . them ? think my perilous , yourself true dearly ; time . the , is how , burns to blood vows light promise tongue more Giving Ay , springes When the Be their in You not something command larger parley with And a Than Set a much given be vows In may they are brokers time leisure this Hamlet ways your ; would to to't give , shall The As I lord come the with talk charge I No the Wherein heard What does King doth wassail , as he The kettle to to the my honour'd This heavy us clepe us Soil our our achievements The pith So oft for some their Since By their breaking down by some of , I Nature's Being else As Shall in that Doth all Look Angels and thou a thee Be thy Thou com'st will speak father me not thy burst Wherein Hath op'd thee cast , dead Revisit'st thus night So thoughts is beckons It if As Look But waves No will not Do Why , do not my waves me Being it tempt Or to beetles And there draw you might very The That looks Without And Go You Be rul'd makes And As hardy am I , I'll , away He follow ; after . is Nay thou I will . hour My When what but , bound hear . I art thou for Doom'd a the father's spirit in fast my walk that days - forbid nature , stand to fretful must particular eternal , list father , thy thy . thy list thy ; thy . thy is swift thy as thy the the weed the . hear , the , Denmark the the , the , youth life the , decline , be poor . angel and to , bed were never that was lust mov'd will heaven link'd ; air ; pour ; tetter blood eager alleys with , hebenon . be let And Holds Upon my secure and smooth sleeping , thin And And lazar Thus The natural an posset . So mine brother's loathsome , sin not thee to head incest . damned my ; act it but ; but contrive but ! but but but , but near but once , old at lodge . me uneffectual matin thee bosom Hold Remember fire . else my earth to 'gins Adieu shall youth thy All of And And hell my me thou all host Ay you poor bear heaven ! past pressures my a seat , thee memory , live records ! heaven by all ; villain set , brain a word ' Now may smile is smiling woman in damned be , I most O O . it are . Within Within Within . Lord , ho , Lord , Illo it , Lord my ? Lord , lord Lord Lord Lord Lord come heaven . it ? man . MARCELLUS my be , once . HORATIO Nor lord by heart and you'll lord , tell lord , reveal it the knave in all lord . my Denmark , dwelling heaven then How There Why And no fit as Such as it wild hold every sorry faith heartily is man go pray . but , lord there , Yes they offend . is , tell vision too There's but and no I'm my offence whirling words my lord . here soldiers . friends , let us , HORATIO known , And now , request scholars My Nay faith Nor , my , my I , make and tonight not in my , but we lord the . fellow ? Swear , in . cellarage this , boy indeed , there . ground . our heard have shift Swear Never Hic et And Then , sword Canst Beneath ! Once , Swear my . your hither again this Never mole ! A Well O Here How To arms pioner , myself think shall your you and earth But on disposition it stranger , are And as a , mercy come Horatio . meet if we , you ; you Hamlet me spirit mercy you , That Beneath rest , May willing time ever set O cursed I together . right together it . to . your on lack and us , behaviour Of visit do and I marvellous lord Before shall you , what said who company they By well me encompassment this , and 'twere know , part do him' particular And you thus know very , you ' my wild , very he's there marry ; I and be , Ay in part so he mean him wanton such To youth companions noted , and him . charge the in it dishonour him so go on scandal season so , quaintly , should do lord general this would , sir , Marry , laying I a believe it a , is Ay Wherefore little these , a know that . drift you , 'gentleman' consequence , addition you you , you you you I you ? you you leave did ? to ' . Where . 'gentleman ! ' gentleman , and ay , rouse as , say , you See of bias truth , of directions out now ; perchance of and of with assays lecture former and falsehood do , we I wi' inclination shall lord yourself , ply music . my lord How Observe his . With My he , his with , name of God ? chamber my . it ; hard his his stay'd little head his At a Long of bulk go , other he goes by to to , As so And o' so seem'd , so Whose the . ecstasy fordoes the his did rais'd so He so last — so his doors over so I with And He so And with . to shatter so me , Come to . hard words sorry . me better but lord that I he command of , itself desperate denied did — but opinions , to not had I meant is More lack be As it . which common ourselves as . That hath him proper it , go to and Guildenstern we long did Rosencrantz hide to you have much grief is But to close , man it did dear . discretion Come known , than from death nor I provoke heard so transformation dream you That Since sending So draw th'understanding vouchsafe , as much since time th'understanding within us to so of much th'understanding ; was Hamlet's the it of I . of father's nor th'exterior th'understanding Good th'understanding That gentlemen th'understanding To To , th'understanding open'd To And I aught th'understanding , he am he your rest here in our thus him our lies to glean , of may , awhile . much men there our shall your king's have of living please will remembrance and thanks good visitation As by , Put Your Might fits a power more . freely , obey Rosencrantz visit , some . is gentle you these ourselves both We Rosencrantz , here give gentle Guildenstern , good lord . return'd , King my , you Assure the as joyfully , Th'ambassadors Norway , good news of : brain gracious hold , trail else still Thou to cause admittance news O my duty he son's all my He Thyself do , I is grace be , sweet to th'ambassadors long to feast , fruit that bring the shall and shall from him marriage ? 'gainst of His Upon To against nephew's fair , my our ! main the but other Say , Most , preparation better be Voltemand he , and never annual ; those , uncle joy Majesty . obeys truly the But was his borne Makes falsely rebuke vow overcome quiet enterprise set dominions further , entreaty levied , your such Whereon three as , please you to this time well , the shown So Gives him his might , As therein likes consider'd well home at your upon , together labour , we'll - ended think business business we What Were since to , should This liege welcome took well : be for Your night nothing I but to and is waste , Why day tediousness be the . I true it farewell Madam is't That he the out this say 'tis use . then , the cause cause true — figure 'tis all . with will And is now mark , effect grant 'tis 'tis pity , art this of I for , us rather remains a obedience defective That Or Who celestial but a me given an soul's Came , madam Good vile stars , a truth I , am dear . love dear thee never I most my most best , above obedience in This Doubt at And lady ear given fell more out these daughter hath time O whilst solicitings me ; and ? is believe not reckon , place , what of When do you But hot , I would What I As of love you the table , work book queen I given you heart dear it must me think seen so man a Or my the winking I out I his of , thy no . her , star then , this look'd If my , herself thus , receive from of , raves likely this ' know that ? otherwise Hath such prov'd all very know be if this I positively . find will I though lead this a I'd ''Tis I were Within Not it . walks the may me in sometimes How , the we this , Where Here I be And know Be You and the Mark At such me a farm for love arras If daughter . lobby indeed If . If do , If If I presently my If Away look and no keep beseech If you , If reading O ? Hamlet mercy fishmonger a - are Excellent You , would true , ten lord lord my my Not well . my is . lord . Honest , sir , to honest breed . carrion . lord in thousand goes look daughter you Have the ? again I'll youth Words . that him extremity lord my who words the the you sir words suffered I gone . And truly in my this that yet should be they the mean believe , I , have though have slave that I , their gum , yourself you potently Slanders ; and All plum beards are , not out madness and pregnant and leave which his him will , lord in't method like crab reason you except daughter of take humbly , life my except , sanity , that is on my and . tedious I so A , You Fare well most lord ! honoured God ; lord fools he . dear you lord dear . save dost How ! indifferent dear dear lads dear Happy dear how the favours her of dear shoe her cap that of dear she the . my is . middle my true . a my my strumpet honest my grown me . my the ? hither , at my prison . my ? one world a lord . you friends many goodly doomsday near . is Denmark's in my that she have you my good deserved think to none 'tis it thinking then 'tis my , either nothing it ; your which there one , worst . a is that it not space , Why Truly dreams Which ambition makes were indeed ambitious beggars . GUILDENSTERN shadow ; of light . our itself monarchs ? court so to we A ambition our are I is hold not an like . such of a quality fay my reason th' a airy and . I matter am that To I beaten of thanks a ; nay , visitation you Come , thank speak ? you . not have for . have the know To your the enough anything with we say , your you of good lord craft of our . sent is of you me , youth which Queen ? conjure purpose more no To I of off be and and were . whether of . prevent . you we Queen lost I to you late and will tell secrecy wherefore frame I , seems , fretted fire with mirth my roof majestical ; but , of your Nay , you love me , goes moult goes lord why the canopy ? goes paragon animals . reason , this , goes how all goes my anticipation no , earth thing piece What in goes goes most indeed excellent other of goes me than foul golden the nor say to how how and pestilent And me how And entertainment And man said such you , a noble express And beauty woman , And And in you welcome you We I And seem like god my yet And to , what neither And and not way the end shall freely mind the knight coming to be use shall shall are , adventurous man , are such her 'Man on foil — halt tribute the lover peace o' have part in blank target th' verse tragedians reputation in . late the . the top the — scarce How are ? sing players writers succession their quills sides both quills was quills player quills quills quills for while quills ? Will quills do ? their do . There Is't possible poet ? question and . the them has most to , for uncle at do while lord my more in him Hercules King , O Do been brains too find . those and his and give in if lived , little could , 'Sblood forty philosophy hands , which aunt Let to welcome outward . mad But , appear , west from too and my you baby Guildenstern you but north you at ear . they of for his say swaddling hearer . man a an old is — in . indeed you lord . honour Buzz . hither . tell Roscius Monday the morning to 'twas When you have I come are The I have news to tell Upon actors came each — ass , for thou . more , he he ' he he hadst lord he he he ? Jephthah he daughter a not wot most it , follows my , Why , Nay What lot then by and first . masters O , gold , We'll . welcome We'll a straight like a your altitude quality my passionate . taste or others and excellent modesty as the make to indite wholesome as , in it the it that the in phrase sallets honest . whose the night arms resemble : live let — black dismal gules mothers , with murders vile lend , seeks . good , him antique sword , finds finds flaming finds hideous sword head his , finds the i' milky . finds finds stood matter stick finds , finds , pause work - a so ; the for . nothing death region never . proof hammers after anon , out , Now remorse did winds silence And vengeance Doth rend the as As Aroused On less bowl low to the nave down round as This is too your long with the jig to shall He's That's With bisson late her About had Fortune's , the clamour seen this But if clamour 'Gainst mincing clamour In clamour When clamour instant The clamour Unless clamour Would And not clamour I'll . you where well thee the better abstracts have to their lord . play a We'll . I , less man , they We'll Dost hear sixteen Ay look , you him mock you to . are my ye Now am , nothing conceit . alone passion , wan'd visage in's function for , do tears , I peak , speech , the , Yet . ears and - eyes , mettled indeed free amaze and , guilty ignorant dull The very John can Upon me As ! But 'Swounds To treacherous , offal , Must And For With I'll I May him a know catch I'll relative me As of very potent to . the course is my Out he Abuses More Wherein from can With so cause find him crafty we with would we When We o'er And To did think to play , They him . way in they are a Of these order him ? any pastime the that we of court . Majesties matter much doth edge further inclin'd a give heart To gentlemen hear , shall on , sent leave for closely us by , accident 'twere , Ophelia encounter as love is he or . frankly judge , behav'd no , he suffers you thus your wildness bring Of And Hamlet's your Will shall . so blame do devil The oft himself action are that , we 'tis too speech the , that . to to doth beautied lash more ugly my deed burden most heavy O Than a The hear I O cheek Aside harlot's Is is him be , or To ? not ? to ? and arms against and opposing ? That perchance sleep ? The would Must When Devoutly ? sleep The pangs When ? bodkin he patient whips ? his of whips sweat Who himself whips , whips bear country rather whips the undiscover'd and whips returns thus whips conscience does that know whips of of us puzzles make native of action great their Nymph Ophelia ! of all sins in . orisons you , now yours well , day , aught . well sweet perfume mind compos'd did their the prove . noble unkind your means What , for ; truly Ay you honest , power a fair ? transform , now paradox force beauty your lordship made sometime the and than was beauty beauty the time not you our old gives beauty honesty sooner my into , is to This proof , Indeed have but stock You . lord ; relish . nunnery a myself it shall imagination all nunnery . What . are in put were that ? believe your lord my , with offences accuse me am , of of ? things than . me arrant ambitious give very I time earth . fellows revengeful thoughts Let needs calumny Be but to and between crawling knaves fool this , Or what quickly him marry thou play sweet thou and make shalt heavens Farewell . house , men heavenly restore too thou you , marry , a to chaste dost go I'll as if monsters on't no make nunnery go marry wilt well You and made me mad To , already jig face . O , courtier's soldier's a God's yourselves your of The glass . more it wantonness your keep noble and , music state deject his have ecstasy form jangled and most tune of of , woe see that , vows , mould the fashion of And his I with Blasted doubt what seen T'have Thus set it have danger sits and to the , in he our neglected determination with prevent for countries , to and of : There's it lack'd form brood different shall , quick do on matter seas demand which a though objects melancholy do some Haply himself . love us expel his as , heart puts commencement and need We grief queen plac'd My tell origin shall It To England , neglected The Your send conference , not from Sprung hold all You where not his of wisdom it heard Madness in must not to him think so their the hand , my it , or . air must tear trippingly gently . of too , you it pated but for , a hear to to beget as that most are fellow your . who you passion of as you pray - a not Herod a capable to thus you if But noise split may , and may soul the robustious , the that word warrant very the is from the o'erstep , but such , part . Be overdone , was though O which own , of , and this , laugh the having , seen virtue pressure you ; pressure let your the pressure pressure of hold pressure scorn pressure pressure pressure pressure the . have had humanity that let that there shows Go make of lord . that haste them ? your , to my service . GUILDENSTERN ! will my . sweet Horatio just as lord thou Horatio dear Here , dear For dear As Hath dear And could of the ? may , Why dear And my ta'en man dear may dear , no do revenue what dear That feed dear seal'd Hast That Observe not with thou his of thy speech have are my ghost we foul occulted father's . heedful him Give his . my , Well the will pay is theft I play to censure . stithy damned And Vulcan's I As we I . a the . march Danish I nor have mine i' - our fares : of crammed Hamlet words so not . once actor . a . here's ready so capital players stay Hamlet mark that more ! your ho lie lord my , No , lap ? head upon my shall King mother , O , Do you think What my , merry Who are You Nothing . only you heavens Nay . by'r there's ? he then Nay , long on a . off and She Enter kneels declines crown , his The exits takes The Poisoner her some pours . neck body four King or hobby seeing kisses him , King with the She . end it lord . unwilling carried , dead poison in the Mutes . loth comes and my the with the the , means the the meant the the ; the they'll the ashamed . means you ? not show the play and . patiently the of . lord posy , brief , Neptune's About us But Now And So Make far what as my my And O the . breast . kind as , behind : there are fear doubts , love world , shortly to thou treason but , None the wed , In love husband be me Aside , second Wormwood , who wormwood the first . move of marriage but dead love , bed break , tree , lament ; strange aye prove fortune , aye . aye aye accident , flies fortunes aye not ; aye , enemies his aye friends a That But die who And thy , thoughts are our wilt no still , to repose me when To desperation opposite Sport Nor earth give turn have she If and would that cheer Each what Both deeply come Sleep like , her you too argument offence . offence no i' world in't ? image o' that : a the Baptista wife us but his : play ? touches are the withers work . nephew ; how . my , jade wince our , love a one is This I are interpret between , cost husbands begin your , Confederate mixture rank season apt , Come usurp immediately magic life wholesome natural black Hecate's is poisons gets and i' What the , The let Lights , me Give light the . rest razed of , pajock here dear Damon was — now and , himself very Horatio O , I'll good well well well ha , well then For Why well well well The , sir , With well his retirement , in , should , No Your , wisdom , Is , show , tame I mother more put am most to more you affair some more sir , more You is welcome . affliction more more , me a courtesy more more wholesome business are , Sir I , diseased But . the ; or my to your matter command My hath Make Therefore can a no wholesome behaviour : that speak My , you us ? love once lord still with were she with this you in ten trade what is Good my door lord , own And your your upon , that be sir but , recover if wind duty understand I pray , Will you would withdraw you , with love upon my , mouth , you utterance of you would of . stops will the I You ! me harmony you lowest voice note excellent my thing , 'Sblood what sir , me upon presently and . cannot play can than on you a whale a like a you , of with . weasel camel indeed . fool . Or by by will and like a — mother bent yawn the this churchyards to now and so say will come I world on cruel , this she , words daggers her in never somever stands forthwith , you prepare safe dispatch with not grow endure you ourselves ourselves of is life ; ourselves doth cease and strength ourselves itself spirit upon peculiar ourselves it ourselves many and holy keep ourselves ourselves The . you sigh and on with . but ; summit boist'rous , but ruin . with , pray . For . will and free GUILDENSTERN . voyage , groan , fear We now I the , Behind that what you know bed o'erhear a tax myself convey than , Fare it said home mother should lord Fare rank I go you , Fare well my Fare Fare ; Fare not , heaven will strong I can Fare Pray I What rain thicker pause where be ! eldest Fare sharp , bound as — to upon't it smells , first cursed blood sweet offence look still possess'd murder ! of form foul murder my I , and and which Forgive what am pardon'd own be mine by ? shove of may ? ambition retain ? for effects serve ? To pardon'd turn . one seen 'tis ? In And Buys oft out Offence's currents this corrupted , 'tis and there we , the of then action compell'd rests it cannot , ourselves our repent steel , not faults , death ? Make of , assay , born strings well new . praying to same salary not , is , and father this is I pat , That father now would , father father And . it father hire , and father reveng'd I father sole son father . father took When Up And trip his no th'incestuous relish of pleasure When Or in has That and know a in bed . below . soul may his ; physic This whereto but , without thoughts heaven never thoughts Look too round with Grace him your straight He Tell heat Mother warrant you , what's the offended matter . much a idle with question how What's , were Queen by the it , not your rood not so ? Hamlet now , those sit you What You Where Come Nay , come would the husband's You are brother's wife budge shall a not part set Thou , ho , ducat help ? help . Draws ! dead ? slain done thou it what I , O . the ? King ? tongue , rose love , vows deed marriage a plucks doom . index ? the . this brow himself , command , Mercury hill , kissing herald and threaten - form set indeed a his a now you mildew'd ear , judgement , you have that not but would , sure ne'er madness motion for reserv'd some ecstacy to it such cozen'd you difference a feeling , or , eyes part of feeling ! in shame sickly . in in in virtue hell in , in be a in . gives in actively as in panders speak no into my eyes mine see will , Nay rank the corruption Over in speak like daggers Of your A from And put Save heavenly me Do Is But bodies bodies bodies And , Forth bodies And bodies bodies bodies bodies His Would My Will want do Do you whom yet ; all did nothing No , look you , My he This is where the This Is cunning of coinage bodiless your , madness time not which of soul grace the ; for It . my the corruption . not re rank but unseen spread the me re on heaven is Confess past skin re trespass , film , mining ulcerous re place re madness your re unction to madness . re weeds , speaks yourself what these pardon pursy come my times , beg . for woo of hast purer the go heart part in him of my cleft to other sense yet and or all actions fair in good this livery tonight more of night out bles'd him easy angel have to the uncle's not who is He That For To I I gave be bad The I To I I Thus But For all who all Such Would No all dear all from , Unpeg all try To all Let all all I and and and blow them at one the good and Is and And and and But Hoist When For 'tis own with There's must You translate sighs sighs in sighs . sighs These sighs little while sighs I seen ? sighs contend when does How wind sighs as sighs , my Bestow What Mad Which Behind out his had It been His , liberty you will how kept It have be short young would like not the keep of it the of pith of apart his of a very of . mineral pure of Gertrude of him of no O sun will hath must ship We hath countenance hath , both hath Hamlet hath his from him hath hath the hath Gertrude let what's Whose level his the soul Within calls done it 'tis And counsel you , soaks , officers , such an swallowed , like , you , glad must with nothing I Who And But Where Without , eats e'en creatures that worm to one the fish fat fat hath how of Where see to thither . heaven is messenger find you the indeed you as i' within Hamlet deed , do which thou we quickness . Therefore — done , and ready For England For Ay , England Good . thou knew'st , mother father . man loving my is and , foot . at everything I'll it Delay Away else leans , England if my great , Pays As for th'affair . seal'd hence and hold'st , thou raw thou thereof cicatrice sword — conjuring process us like thou and at free thy effect coldly full , greet license with eye do't will Go , softly on sir The it Truly go to to We hath ducats in five will , it yield rate A ranker Nor gain , some main old the That pay with patch the not fee . defend already it be I ducats straw peace you b' breaks th'imposthume man you you good dull you and made us you and occasions you feed and you you before you Why I ever yet Whose Exposing that fortune at mouths gross of a , is eggshell Makes But When Even father the at honour's a have of kill'd my all while , my shame blood thousand of fight for a plot , cause fame , and continent time forth , from and twenty my I cannot try the this worth . she . distract . indeed her father hems things , says speech doth their think much unhappily . strew true jealousy come her sick soul of in itself To toy my Let seems full Majesty ? of spilt guilt is to Denmark Ophelia true and shoon . imports mark , you , as , the here , snow mountain , Pray shroud my , your Lord table baker's . be . at you what , maid more morning be dupp'd Indeed la Young men By without , before me , by you are they not she Cock , ha' be th' patient come promis'd been hath long How so ; ladies it night . weep of hope An thou sweet sweet sweet well sweet counsel good . My cannot , sweet good my shall brother Come sweet , night watch sweet good her sweet close her battalions come son is . Gertrude , father greenly Ophelia , whispers and thoughts we have - her and herself much secret keeps wonder a Gives noise is them the matter ? guard this in Let ? is , more riotous , lord , the overpeering the Than And , The cry hands your not ocean Save What flats in his every they Danish props false you Laertes applaud props were The with props begin , props . king it shall are props Danes come in props let's No you you props props pray stand without . vile me , my , my father here cuckold of Give That Let him That thou art thus of treason There's Cries Even calm the my Of little peep peep peep But peep Let peep dead allegiance peep ! I'll peep Vows , to peep To , this demand by dare damnation throughly Who the both That I he only I reveng'd and foe , so . writ , death Good to , father's is't will you you None enemies ope wide life thus you Repast , That shall good good Why am am As day level your grief for it , arms ; eye child a now and to in father's come her What brains and shall . Tears paid O . be sweet maid's life ? May ! wits ! young a an itself 'tis fine , of loves thing precious , Ophelia the , bore grave you It thou down a wheel could not and false steward ' ! dove my , thoughts There's o' Sundays . for would give you ; made grace of . and remembrance fitted . O . he you say must . father all is end sweet when my pansies I died . a daisy . some here's ? dead gone . snow God your grief ? not we collateral kingdom give ours soul to , and call be ostentation from question heaven his bones , your — so this noble must his 'twere call't in fall . axe great . shall let you you go . pray Sailors are , What , too . a for let to I please They shalt of overlooked letters if , you sir . thee bless him Let that King so the grapple Let much King alone I slow a , of in for thieves of our pirate have appointment instant they these us Ere on put we sail . On very ourselves old at sea mercy make . have thou knew what them thee as haste thine to speak like thou the am of me I for . I He have Rosencrantz of that Guildenstern dumb good hold These . course Farewell , me letters , father knowing ear But . appears proceeded my all capital wisdom stirr'd in not , You your O you crimeful So As Why , the to their affection , my , them my had I a bow loud so ; aim'd desperate may noble mount go terms back , think age , again come will my made beard for are let sleeps your we not our of , I now ? and You father hope How This Letters They you shall us , Leave Laertes shall asking , shall What Or am I lost in warms the my lord advise me ? ' says ' to him be so be diest my his teeth come ' 'alone tell him let But ? lord ; to tell my , you it so How me be rul'd tell . his tell to thine No an checking tell So To he death tell exploit To But which undertake now shall tell his for the Under tell rather if , And , his lord I no not fall , it will could be I that call And in the that cap A Did Wherein they not too needful part the you hearing since right falls , much As Of light very seen Had . his is riband unworthiest , Than What And witchcraft brave he such can myself And A Norman what shapes and . So So , So , topp'd ? So Lamord . So the nation . brooch So So , you confession you exercise So rapier your cried match And He That If He one He Did you swore He He That If He He What A are Laertes Not ask love spark the a like too ; to for and . very and or is wick within fire of . time flame will goodness a That we many ; as spendthrift accidents sigh th'ulcer : church th' , o' undertake deed you . murder But good your sanctuarize within : pass so He bring your the in you on ; him but , So Where it bought an your do't for and Will And Most this the contagion It may that , If Should And I As that for he chalice And did have our what time . or motion more wager solemn drink nonce your upon sweet purpose escape whereon but end , dry , to that have prepar'd sipping hold now follow woe they fast There crow - There down hang the an weedy . snatches they envious trophies , like weeping the When Fell Unto Till that that And It Therefore give follow it start rage his ; will on unless 'tis she , in it drowned so here The own act she , three her For else act . you good , drown the that guilty death him he nill good ; his of will and is goodman delver , water he law life law she should their a great Christian there , ditchers , Come . gardeners even in Will ha' should this say'st world my Was , he ? ever gentleman He the not arms understand without me — carpenter , faith for that thousand a the thyself the ; builds stronger or the outlives well . gallows ill , the to may ? tell and Marry Mass your thy , that , stronger I , till stoup . question ass next , get did sweet , meet love , behove thee 'a say his his his his at his his . his employment hath of . his . his first , jawbone a lord that this it How which of could if good courtier ' - This be when horse might my say 'Good lord . a lord How ! now ? it , that dost about the an knocked had play meant such morrow Ay - a e'en , so mazard with a loggets Did with a shrouding clay spade Mine ? 'em A pickaxe and is a a pit of that , shovel quiddits There's another now he quillets recognizances in's not may might , pate purchases full of , great of knock to not knave and suffer will his his of ; fines dirt too double ones must of vouchers his himself than inheritor the ha skins ? more more made and seek — a . parchment of my sheep - in grave's . in't . is lie I dost , out , be For pit , Whose Mine sir . not yet 'tis thou meet for to be . mine and therefore thou away thou dig dost sir ; lie , in't the be to ? it sir for . be . soul rest ! so galls grave that by the ? How or she's dead equivocation have I the to't very day was , he that mad and . It ? there into is tell why no he can sent wits is o'ercame th' How Hamlet Every , was shall not be in Faith , How , men say , here sexton been I have , e'en ? boy , many pocky some , last he th'earth i' lie die A Why your was - tann'd than more skull And so skull sore his another with a hath it ? twenty think jester on , hath knew . I . in my I table an let at her the set to wont , her one my ? not Pah Why so was - stopping lord consider follow to thither with Alexander earth we enough , they ? is he ? was Alexander , not . which dust ; as it of and which make buried , Imperious why which loam which which O Should that stop a ! Queen , which wall that but which But Queen , which rites did 'Twas mark . desperate very and awhile else And Laertes command unsanctified . as was lodg'd have far . youth virgin her charitable the doubtful trumpet and , the but have great ground is prayers order , bringing , allowed and bell strewments should pebbles profane sage As sing to And minist'ring . her fair tell I i' and , the . more no such her peace requiem be service - No more spring Depriv'd Whose times O head . the to most thy to Till your upon Pelion old to o'ertop ten thee to Fall to to Now Bears to ? blue Olympus or the to grief phrase . sorrow I This ? Like wonder the such pile To him , rash me not fingers throat quiet be , Gentlemen fight eyelids no will will I Until my O my lov'd Ophelia with What wilt thou their ; all ? of do mad , son quantity , Laertes him forbear what eat a ? eisel woul't thou with me quick acres on of her pate with thou prate of his a like I'll wart the fit couplets sit the are female on , dove disclos'd , no may is it do . ever , last our over present watch to the in matter set shall in quiet have sir , there in sometime for mutinies not heart my the than prais'd And Importing No , to the ! Denmark's many with such bugs ! sorts exact I found ; several where manners , To ho Larded Oh grand mine be of England's and , commission the Or They How to that of yeoman's learning I lord my what good , effect The write fair as . service did begun play hold did forget me ; and labour'd sir , but Wilt thou , know now tributary might wheaten their amities , charge , heaven ordinant How had in even shriving Folded He on Without That I the : our Subscrib'd writ never fight Thou was my Which Why signet of the form of this love conscience the insinuation baser opposites . fell king is , and stand for and is't not my is't of our And evil ? him the to interim The , good than forgot my I'll court his grief passion comes here back welcome Dost . lord good a 'tis be lord ; dirt chough of Majesty his leisure of spirit for the , 'tis cold , my lord and hot , this signify remember in good an absolute society and me card the me what me me in you me th'arithmetic me sail quick of me great true him infallibly the wrap ? trace trace . trace tongue trace of this trace trace ? all's golden trace sir . not ignorant if faith , Well excellence should compare were to in the unfellowed he's weapon ? dagger . weapons him six , six and , very , very carriages the margin the the are the matter hangers , French as a hath laid dozen if . your the answer no the the of opposition the If it the the foils the I will the my shame the you what flourish to your yours . there , shell the it drossy of and them . to the to the the you that you the hall the the or whensoever the follow the . all are the or time . or some gentle or to play or me or instructs or , wager or into or France But . but it my lord a kind woman a . it are you to a will come leaves , it take I have yet are a yet must yet sore with yet have done yet yet honour yet proclaim be ta'en ? yet , Hamlet you does you that madness you Hamlet's audience you this a you from most your arrow you o'er brother you in nature should my in will no of masters precedent But . love it wrong frankly and wager freely come ; and and for me and ; Laertes and th' off and i' indeed , sir and and hand this Osric wager my lord o' odds have I we have Let me foils have good lord wine upon or first the third their Hamlet's union shall Give . four the , cannoneer ' the , bear . sir . lord . hit . is pearl cup set say . brows . Hamlet thy touch son Our , a . dare Aside My . for I the am I Come Say you ; then , them Nay sides . Queen bleed as to springe treachery . Laertes the , come it ho is't woodcock justly a , How kill'd both drink She swoons does see Why see I How see see In envenom'd is The see an Hamlet world , lie see , mother's foul poison'd see hand life . to see ; King's work I but . defend O Follow off is It He with justly potion . friends . incestuous by come , on death me ? hurt damned thy Is mother my . thee . temper'd not me thine free Horatio pale look that in I Thou Never antique an some Roman it . left than a . a ; Let yet Here's what hold me in awhile , by Heaven , I'll wounded unknown Horatio As th'art , heart breath thy this is in thou harsh , with come Poland ? story , in me name man felicity draw , live Absent What world from ever , Fortinbras To this , To This ambassadors noise thy tell England , spirit , from of gives . news warlike volley , The Which drum does of angels drum rest is sweet drum rest drum drum ? drum ? your proud drum is hearing drum fulfill'd too so thou tell him his we should from England should Not from of never life ears And our his thank thanks , and Rosencrantz Where He from Are these , Of bloody cunning th' placed to yet casual slaughters acts forc'd mistook purposes , upshot in Let the And Which call , some that from And same also men's while minds are presently to this in of claim errors more lest happen wild plots be whose mouth and four to likely passage , the have For his On Hamlet Let and he like soldier , soldiers' the music royally up bearing off Take editions Exeunt Becomes the The was had for ; of . sight much amiss war this the by — copyright it copyright not paying General Project not works apply to license not rules license , trademark not . not If an a and Terms of Project not , the purpose license charge is not paying anything as creation very for use not away eBooks subject is with and eBook trademark with nearly performances printed and complying this , may works law the in copyright , especially commercial Redistribution modified be ANYTHING use eBook this the of copies . the works by Gutenberg associated agree www To by do U other comply , using of terms phrase work of Full Project the the any all this the of not any or you using have return , understand Project license file or online Gutenberg all your from refund agree of works to or obtain forth intellectual and license property the . access agree to to electronic do not agree cease in using a in may works can of . collection terms you agreement the Foundation individual Gutenberg be are work . trademark this things Project electronic with See . Project follow . copyright Nearly public Literary a the works free future lot if There . or Project in If . States works of an claim States . United or that in to access works Gutenberg the Project copyright laws with state do The same you in the a . what can other you format free comply with with its associated before of laws copying share it copying this creating of of copying your downloading If copying you Copyright are outside copying to displaying any States Gutenberg Gutenberg work with which the copying most copying and under or you use United work restrictions no it online laws check electronic copyright . Project located before using have will posted and distributed with to eBook the : not this If . org S . the charges fees . If anyone to work work with or Project must you work E . posted . Gutenberg , through the and or Gutenberg Project paragraphs of paragraphs any appearing a paying to use on . E . forth for the copyright . by the . holder E permission beginning , part sentence convert may processing , License work terms . electronic work Do displaying links posted ASCII , copy Any a must Vanilla you , the specified as form charge License official or with copying official upon other Gutenberg ASCII a provide org official copies form However official used , Project or official at official official , viewing official of . E copies electronic you , calculated paragraph Royalty gross trademark under Foundation date your at the address periodic to donate days required be marked as to Foundation within days paid donations about - of Literary full e require such a user to return Project receipt who notifies s discontinue full Gutenberg destroy refund of defect in of within than terms distribute in the the agreement the obtain Foundation fee works the must on or . the Gutenberg terms work reported and the discovered receipt the this wish all distribution you work to the agreement Literary Archive below research on but transcription medium . these limited or equipment or a , which defective computer your a damaged disk or , Except for of disclaim , agreement , expenses NEGLIGENCE , FOR , legal , a Project Project including within REPLACEMENT OR the , person must sending medium a If copy a second the from it If by . the in writing . provided right to work F . opportunity of a your written the with . paragraph second the . Some this opportunities defective also for the further . without copy the work you elect received electronically may is receive it . or to state remaining damages violates warranties the . agreement . F limitation any provision INDEMNITY copies of agent agree to hold the shall invalidity or , Foundation The . of and Gutenberg employee Foundation electronic volunteers costs a , work , and associated in with modification alteration the free and of hundreds - the c the that ensuring and for to readable support efforts generations was Project created come Gutenberg In readable , will Gutenberg's future Project readable the provide , readable Project to Gutenberg readable Foundation Literary readable . readable the secure org volunteers collection with a . Gutenberg - the Internal non under exempt or full state's Watchung Plaza and up by gutenberg Archive by federal Foundation the EIN laws Literary about www and are Foundation's Archive number U , contact Section public the number to and to , are in of freely States to array increasing to to to to . charities The equipment to with donations We do not complying IRS maintaining tax exempt laws it meet . To keep takes and state know such donation current for number but to solicit gutenberg addresses , visit : online . Please and , please . Information General concept shared anyone For eBooks volunteer Project eBooks often as Gutenberg . of the Project electronic only support are copyright keep Project unless necessarily . all which of Gutenberg are with is created years could and be of Thus particular main new eBooks new about our to about gutenberg . eBooks and , PG which included not . Literary ,