Stand Who's ? Stand and yourself Stand Barnardo ? Long , Stand me come twelve Stand Stand For Have And Stand I Well do , them night stirring you good Horatio bid make ho my meet watch them of a you rivals Not guard ? haste Who ground is ! to , Give you - you . night reliev'd liegemen And O Barnardo honest soldier , farewell , there Horatio Barnardo , Horatio will , Say what , is of appear'd again , appear . along this not speak night seen of nothing . story , nights so are And Therefore to That again sit , Well us And That What to come apparition this watch and 'twill approve Had Where Peace , In Thou art thee ; it King Horatio . Horatio , wonder Horatio spoke this majesty fair to fear It scholar a not . like It like buried thee usurp'st me the be art with ? Did answer ! charge . charge ! might something ? look ? tremble more believe ! and , own like As was not ! eyes true I you this Is What the Of the had ? on ice on sledded he th'ambitious art frown'd He martial Thus In before With So When the smote what twice 'Tis when Norway he to , But This , this sit the strict , the bodes foreign toils down impress Does might the Doth What is't of and and of observant watch . whisper That can goes Fortinbras inform toward not make Who even you prick'd the Thereto Was Dar'd combat on , which by most world pride , esteem'd valiant a by ; who law life and , his of our to Our his compact him Fortinbras sir the by article hot , and young lawless resolutes full and , design'd same , as ; vanquisher Hamlet skirts , Norway of list it But And terms to As So this The I armed was and it no our question the like rummage this the . chief preparations so land : Rome eye mind's these wars palmy trouble and Julius the in tenantless gibber sun ; fire Roman dews state ere high trains in squeak with the sick even the As prologue heaven Unto And thou there to do to Speak privy art thou , happily me thy speak me thing , to be any good ease . to be to me , avoid country's , thou treasure say they of Speak , which here Shall Do strike here I it , being here blows air here show ! so crew . here as here it To For And The cock Upon , Awake his confine present . and or And of erring made say To sea god Th'extravagant faded Some It And then they are wholesome nor witch dawning birth that the season cock of celebrated long strike to time is , then no so no power hath spirit This Break Walks have Do you As young we , Let's But So the dew up ; to us watch morn and eastward tonight to with acquaint of do yon impart for will I loves , whole kingdom befitted woe him nature of our and with think discretion , brow one grief our Hamlet green hearts memory The To bear Together our we with as funeral 'twere to sometime so That With With Taken better wife , follows along one in , we Your this Or with Colleagued state Holding a to Our In by He Lost Importing To most valiant father Now thinking Now for hath weak our to pester dream , brother So all of Thus good Cornelius and further , To much the , of For , his lists Who Of herein gait impotent , proportions that here Voltemand , made Norway scope we heartily will VOLTEMAND farewell with news the is't the , it nothing some Laertes , We us Yet them to your gracious bend confess duty though my lord return came your I to have Dread leave I and show whence From And , I do beseech I you him go , Denmark must lives to in that the . the , colour much . off eternity thy lids all thy on dust with noble eye I , Good And let , 'Tis Nor windy particular Passing Seems not madam nor Nor That For , the denote , moods of the , not seems visage that indeed might of , your to in commendable the can Together These But No dejected forms seem grief , shows These trappings have I within duties mourning 'Tis To father must and lost impious understanding most heart Why Take As , theme to that still fault , opposition to and , heaven sense to , love throne world to nobility father toward that are You must the to it 'This As of a of ' , our son , nature he , absurd most corse . unprevailing with the father ; most no dearest less and till school in Wittenberg Hamlet . our our to . son . to fair reply madam to mother most we the courtier chiefest Here Let pray Be to ; Denmark that unforc'd Denmark and shall clouds away bruit heaven grace . But No great earthly flesh not God God ! it seed it But two O that Or merely — king things the the thunder . had 'tis Hyperion That roughly ; loving Why ? Possess ; an this , into a dew ! O ! earth hang had , appetite yet Frailty ere shoes within , she . thy poor would a she old father's body Why those is month , come should a satyr beteem the to much was two : with month , beast followed more tears or my wants , were him ! uncle , sheets — on fed it what such is your my , But break father's like my father to post . well ever — Wittenberg ? even Horatio Wittenberg name friend good from — you Good , you depart , funeral father's your deep affair your came not , to was it I drink to to see what Against To Nor you , lord My fellow , Elsinore truant . student see hard marriage my met I Horatio in it Indeed see my seen that dearest The had ever see my Where , father see Thrift I him a eye see day see furnish Would Or see My lord My Season your The my ? King This love , admiration of you hear gentlemen their on had let me these I gentlemen . pie , to , your march fear of the length not speak they act impart kept . eyes he watch , good time surprised deliver'd - fear and oppress'd truncheon's jelly deliver'd to , dreadful In deliver'd , did , the had third deliver'd hands But Did deliver'd you motion even It deliver'd at from none But , none do none none the sound the , think you know writ honour'd . none true duty in , our . but watch BARNARDO none lord shrunk it in none our vanish'd of this troubles me . lord my say , Both , my ? lord sirs Hold , and toe . MARCELLUS , up ? yes , O my or red . anger in eyes his fix'd upon . there would Nay And , longer , Longer A I It me you it in silence pray person again you I And Let will it my , else understanding So fare no this . to If it speak If I to duty your shall but , twelve , farewell is : earth will night foul deeds eyes rise ! were ! you eleven mine I'll Our necessaries are is But And you ? benefit blood his it and Hold convoy sister , assistant , embark'd not ; lasting ; you , give sleep ; of No temple not no but , the fashion doubt the a The Think bulk crescent does this loves and ? so not trifling of do birth his fear . more more For Grows No and And virtue greatness he for Carve voice himself subject on his , weigh'd of now his unvalu'd but cautel nor his The inward service wide no . soil will , His For sanctity the head his in your the It Whereof And himself is will to He may not and he The May Than saying deed your you dear affection , open sister of importunity chaste treasure . it credent heart To If Then lose galls before Too itself Virtue Contagious canker , Out in to though dew morn and . youth in buttons be imminent none , libertine comes . keep . me fear , like as my itself shall not steep . O primrose a thorny to , tongue act thoughts memory your , precepts thought unproportion'd character thou friends Those The wind familiar . Give their with no hoops palm dull not hatch'd soul and sail . vulgar with any but may quarrel , unfledg'd but th'opposed Bear't do . by his . voice thy of thine oft For , man and chief rich in beware thee judgement : be , all must , as Take of loan oft a Neither And above it Thou And What , Farewell Ophelia have and my to night true ; day thee . any in man Marry What is't So As is Pooh affection lord ! in Unsifted hath his made the your and Give Of such perilous , to late yourself I me clearly tell me , girl . what for dearly pay should a , fool tender wind yourself more tenders Tender the these you'll , you he honourable fashion importun'd lord it to teach I'll not sterling I you call yourself think lord countenance not crack — hath may to almost When springes the , heat : vows promise take as than of , maiden , making ; rate For . not light fire with a And a Set scanter tongue catch vows prodigal , in higher young Hamlet walk , may tether larger presence , how blazes these extinct From . entreatments that ; you him few In their and , beguile mere of The would so plain words you I to give Breathing But to't shall As Do Believe not Look implorators This with the , all for is terms better nipping air ? eager any moment leisure ; my . season , and this wake and draughts thus and trumpet the his it doth drains drum his a kettle - swaggering takes upspring lord the near to ; I it is't though born breach am than , manner , mind marry And he to my From us They Makes And And Ay in tax'd ; of nature attribute perform'd are , custom , west and . men particular our of too pales , complexion cannot birth By The Oft their nature Or form our achievements , addition marrow origin , reason , these and choose they wherein mole pith So some of may all in — or stamp pure — defect , undergo censure . of , one , some down , evil corruption grace star man they as take dram of doubt ! comes . hell from , questionable heaven of from wicked such royal health or to in spirit and thou Thou thee Be Why Have , me their bones ; thee saw , ponderous cerements Dane again of moon nature , of disposition should do we desire action with Wherefore To you impartment you go beckons As is if Wherefore ? the Wherefore did away What our to Wherefore some alone ground . souls ? our Wherefore reaches of beyond why it to this ? Wherefore Wherefore it fear a not Wherefore , No , Why speak by But waves will do for It the base the I'll do that it lord of other horrible the it itself into it if tempt me Or That Without draw That And more toys sovereignty ? many It Go looks thee beneath roar me waves , still fathoms . lord I'll my go not shall on Hold of . not out shall cries ; you fate Nemean of Go him . to thee obey come ? thus desperate follow after Something let's will in To 'tis ; Let's Nay , what issue the direct . him follow me Mark . lead ? is almost ! ghost will flames and will unfold thy serious . shall what , will will Speak Must am will revenge me Pity will Doom'd will So thou , I bound hear poor , To I ? spirit to done away ; start from like Thy house , days my in am the day term father's What harrow and for certain for a the a soul lightest - I confin'd Are I two And thou flesh ears eyes stars their blood , locks whose thy part , love porpentine stand be , murder and it ! as , List eternal particular his didst and this foul ever thy in most Murder And strange , me I find out stung As know't to itself given serpent The That stir me a ; Is that abus'd not duller but sting that , that gifts , power his , wit ! gifts his soul wit to will Hamlet Rankly uncle O So of a love uncle have , most , me uncle ; of - off was hand gifts it were even uncle what wicked Mine uncle From hand her went it uncle That those uncle my it to prey though virtue in a a garbage the morning . Sleeping be methinks But . So soft Brief My Holds with as alleys of it quicksilver , whose effect pour , mine it did So eager blood my All I was Most my on my ; once smooth , account smooth smooth smooth smooth to my most head my smooth dispatch'd ; bear not be , lodge once . Remember to well fire ? heart memory Remember . table trivial observation all and away all the distracted , books book matter thy villain is and , That At O tables Within one I smile may least So , smile so Now . sworn't adieu I HORATIO have , and MARCELLUS . you sure 'Adieu , lord Lord , My Within Hillo What O , my lord news wonderful noble , How ho , boy , my reveal . think , it once of lord I Not then would and Ay ? grave . the , this at To needs Why arrant villain an ghost tell my lord us , so right There you we hath and whirling you offend my heartily , me is Touching Patrick Saint much , by O'ermaster't For It Yes And is Never honest offence , tell between let what scholars poor lord . friends . in known is't What Nor have , my Upon I , truepenny there Swear stage upon sword lord , Indeed boy ha Come this Consent Propose And your the by Beneath speak of lay to said Well Swear Never by , Swear . have , gentlemen sword upon , Swear we'll that sword i' so friends , give , earth and think , on disposition As strange Here stranger are day are odd perchance or before more stranger therefore as dreamt I How at by stranger your soe'er an , of or ambiguous speak' know' we Or stranger such of ; or giving stranger aught know Or , stranger list arms Or we 'Well , I bear , me head doubtful , to and As you grace Beneath I love t'express That Nay I time do , come ever of joint born do your shall so , his lack do me and love not fingers was do , do . these do You Marry Before what said intend . to , his I well very said first Danskers means expense question of ; come , touch you and are . Look you ; Paris nearer , and knowledge in make keep . finding him of did me As part very my this you ' mean and ; 'not , I ; well so and , sir As What if't 'And in ? slips rank him ; so ; that none put very say there wild and well on , lord my As are you wanton noted fencing , may As as not That not : That Quarrelling My , you scandal in him drinking . may another breathe the seem flash they The That's Wherefore A savageness Marry thing Mark , converse in these slight it , And lord , sir do this know , 'gentleman' or ; consequence . the ay and consequence something to . say you as , perchance and , of and , of a in's sale' rouse , not , reach now . you have advice lord , chamber foul'd my in was I as what With Ungart'red speak of horrors he if And his head down with - his , Hamlet upon , shirt had do not What arm ; me To As know As would — head truly ? by the hand a falls And At Then sigh so piteous he his profound , all brow face he mine and shoulder , eyes went did with o' to out He goes he to length his my bulk turn'd his lets me , their over his little shaking Long and up down me go light head That his . a He end And As being done without , undertakings itself love , of late denied made with repel ; His hath . quoted am That , did , as oft words hard any letters heed did . love hate and being , grief This To be known discretion cast it . Come , ourselves for go which hide More More I cannot from so so being much father's of death nor to did long use you did provoke him , entreat brought and companies to and by in up with court his days to so , rest pleasures occasion here you gather , living please will men there it and your us I gentlemen hath . For to show As visitation the sovereign supply by Put service bent full the in ourselves to pleasures power majesties . entreaty king's shall remembrance up My too much Guildenstern . Go some Hamlet , where son Rosencrantz , To give dread both beseech And , Thanks I Thanks And presence gentlemen these bring be commanded To and Guildenstern is . instantly and Heavens , return'd joyfully good good my , amen helpful and him news my my King mine soul liege , good of . I have brain . this lunacy long so sure : policy that , you to found Thou And My Give of The very cause to — my the my my lord ? my , duty of trail us'd Hunts do , as I hold and to shall to my source of death it and head , He , to do news grace be do tells me sweet father's shall Welcome doubt , them Norway brother . truly out him desires our friends main . found ; sift him from ! griev'd arrests , impotence ; your from borne so against ; before old commission Norway , crowns of please herein , to this , down and allowance well are , employ your against annual , consider'd likes As , regards you for more , at , might your such , It therein us , Meantime your , you and Through at , time is labour . night , and time , night night is mad of flourishes day night and is but is't it be for Your night noble night waste since brief the madam , night , tediousness be will call What , pity farewell it 'tis swear with foolish this effect of now use no true , I for I will And no , defect . Perpend cause thus by . cause . A 'tis true at all . true remains . art . the and , and Now idol phrase , to Hamlet I will ? vile . hear vile but you ; her from truth never these I most my hath time , best , whilst this daughter his his given out more by to she do you a faithful fain As would prove had seen I I it daughter my Before Or my If Or had perceiv'd When of I I given As dear my upon heart Or What 'Lord must And Thence to Into a to I . so ? know ' , indeed find will were . further hid ? four the he Here from circumstances is hid How we try walks arras behind and such Be a you I'll If So You know At look keep his reason he no farm love thereon . reading , Hamlet ? away , How him does . man my , fishmonger I Honest honest Then of as would to this ten thousand goes being a ? kissing is lord , true a , daughter my , one man he Yet not but look much Friend conceive Conception fishmonger on harping is , Still suffered do a . have I my sun Have her not truly in my youth was — him And . not by you is matter , my who the that Aside What very , gone lord words . words lord . the the . gum . that I For satirical are you eyes ; honesty . you crab ? set thus it , have they , though I most willingly him which Aside be means , life You My sanity Indeed replies ? I will of more will part his sir To go Fare God . My the ; excellent Rosencrantz My good friends . Happy On live Faith , O Fortune her Then secret parts of my None is particular Then about waist ? most the goodly one your 'tis then , God infinite could space ambitious is are it one it ; nutshell ambition itself but and shadow ? and of for shadow indeed Truly Which not that , by for . servants is attended what other you dreadfully I my man an will I . matter beggars our . beggars' shadows not visit Come are , you To beaten way of honest sort such you speak Is am that in the anything . your my poor thanks even inclining should looks . modesties Queen , to enough colour . the your end But consonancy and our youth more me . the ? rights obligation the you whether a dear with what what But to . you fellowship ever . charge and by or no direct say . were my King , by you our proposer moult Queen and ; feather a heavily my brave sterile , discovery this custom . with all we If sent of you off . shall seems so my why no My lord , it , to secrecy excellent this thing form of apprehension . you the What no the indeed know your , of this . firmament most goodly exercises but ; and lost with goes in , in , though by smiling was ? paragon my you appears angel other a an dust like of faculties world players plays He of hither ; me sigh gratis knight , you delight not offer tickle verse peace the way the stuff such when king the welcome clown to wont take welcome players they in reputation the welcome — you them service . Majesty target in lover welcome ; and welcome of halt ; welcome shall th' o' and ? city innovation I of both late in was means followed did Are . grow call — How ? sing can are These maintains goose wonted that comes , so they , if their make been much to tarre them should are has argument for like are the bid themselves no better own on than and so . themselves for't ? no quality , What berattle they themselves of Who against longer they themselves do controversy to means to poet themselves afterwards most pursue themselves grow — common to their sides it away ? themselves both exclaim Ay unless the player been brains and forty , find , out Denmark twenty could philosophy out hands out if little out out you must you deceived The out . which - dear When . at each wind southerly swaddling . ear of ; child the sir : to tell a have , lord to have right he tell you buzz come actors my Then My I news , hither my are historical - historical either actor came comical be the heavy ass his pastoral These a are only individable scene nor Plautus too light . my , more . th' right . I Am The 'One he . no , and on I , i' my lord , Jephthah not then I that , then you chanson , will abridgement pious the of row . last mistress By'r Com'st came lot all a of beard ladyship Pray God ? heaven to face am young well valanc'd . where look glad ! Thy see than fly , speech play have quality above to heard . welcome gold lady thou , friends and you piece are see last , play . judgements once I matter savoury remember digested well , author of , and chiefly where 'Twas Priam's of . the , it of in indite the : as make and not lines as , it as in with mine — an excellent much the , fine Dido slaughter let did the to foot horse . complexion , Pyrrhus see . to handsome called matter in no nor tale , it and , begins whose sable If One speech me fire damned in Roasted and thus and lend blood With is , gules night arms and , it : dread dismal parching black a murders and With lord and with you seeks coagulate . carbuncles proceed and , with spoken Greeks good and sword , match'd His lies in of it where Unequal finds . too to Repugnant with the Pyrrhus his Priam Rebellious at But A But a see nothing matter his and , thunder still , from away bleeding sword power her ! Priam fiends , hill he . sleeps say heaven you . the , beard too ; He's It come to . Prithee , robe fear and th'alarm of , would have themselves with seen Fortune's if make in About rheum 'The That's this , barefoot With A Where the she When In The instant mincing his And has colour no , the gods and tears soon this hear the . of Do bad ? of let — Good time , while the were , the out . you ; After My , see well , well I'll thee bestowed and a report you they the players better them chronicles than their honour own to is Use your in is your . is in dignity Take is tomorrow The in't down need is lord could is tomorrow old would , night , would welcome . would my lord you not Ay would Guildenstern that till Rosencrantz Follow would night would , and good are You my Now player slave am here ! her force from in A ear and ? all for to with speech free , the amaze ears and appal . dear for indeed stage would cause , Yet ? a rascal peak king pate i' across I ? gall , cannot this , lack lie in Am made I offal Bloody , have To Remorseless oppression make pigeon and villain me defeat beard . nose my ! deep , should I But by off Tweaks this slave's treacherous Oh , This this : should ? take am With , fatted all kites vengeance I of by heaven a very father is hell drab , will have the to Play Prompted , the proclaim'd so creatures sitting ! guilty very That Have They tent my though have by I'll struck their malefactions I'll , have my tongue have organ like I'll I'll these ; players , quick devil I'll be I know I'll More I'll May T'assume Grating so harshly I'll Abuses Wherein But do He confess cause we But state some be by he him why feels madness true well , speak to himself forward his him on will find would crafty bring Of we Nor When of Most ? that reply but out the on - Madam But with Did We Niggard of . already court , him play most me hear To doth . edge further him heart and night 'Tis to think , they before order me . a shall We , to ; the it matter entreat your these , here , 'twere closely Affront may If't And That th'affliction suffers Ophelia , for lawful . frankly encounter love is us father as Ophelia so Will We your wildness To hope be , obey part he , him . wish do , again you please . your you virtues , this this so , visage in devotion's o'er may on Read — We of That is Ophelia bestow that with to sugar true my give thing burden painted ! do we The lash , beautied 'tis O . pious action plastering that withdraw that , my speech doth the to deed The be Or more nobler to the of arrows not suffer the mind die to to is hear 'tis or them , ache and arms and The heart That , When have shuffled we Must For To dreams There's life . rub of mortal there's sleep consummation natural to ? against in outrageous end wish'd calamity the , the pause . so love whips and proud his and takes Who merit of the law's . bear , death make after a quietus the himself ? long contumely respect man's spurns the unworthy would bodkin grunt With And To sweat weary life ? awry orisons , now ? a many for my . of of know cowards and thy lord ; well , all the The With your you I No That My How My honour'd does lord Rich honest mind unkind ? lord you ? lordship , did admit no should than transform honesty with your beauty a the power my to is , your you That your honest ; his what Ay truly , to your your fair your Could your , we I but nunnery relish wouldst I not more had , fellows do them offences with ambitious better indifferent a it You more the yet Why honest . mother ; in What all to such , as should At , Where's believe your . lord but the Farewell . shalt plague if monsters thou . farewell pure , as I'll , ice nunnery marry dost a ; for heard and of shall the what a , is mad wantonness your and amble you . all nunnery ! sword down , reason music mould state vows , tongue o'erthrown here eye fair , quite of see , his of and woe that seen . tune . out youth me and sovereign deject form I blown what see out though melancholy sits not O out wretched out is prevent out : to out , different shall thus heart England disclose speed in neglected determination brood in with which the doubt some do danger have I in he of and countries , his expel ? puts you on't , play please where round with , let . of now in him him , said Hamlet do , lord all so shall ones great send conference , her be you unwatch'd . not in his Your It must him ear you . had acquire air do it your not do of so to go torrent , trippingly too groundlings the pated . I , shows and dumb . honour your . avoid action with this your tutor for you for inexplicable , passion in the passion who . It . own o'erdoing it ; up overdone to at anything special both the , pressure . O which as your to own 'twere whose the , the o'erstep word to unskilful censure others praise some thought seen tardy judicious a and of , having man nor neither heard , well it set , the laugh hope O , themselves than too more Nature's that , Christian journeymen that humanity imitated they reform'd . altogether is set in the fool considered to ho , What , two my and lord as at your . a cop'd not , Horatio , sweet I think may revenue Nay what the That For fawning fawning feed No clothe thee fawning , fawning Where thrift my And seal'd , fawning thanks . all for in man suffering judgement fawning they ta'en Whose I prithee As Which is a with told thee of thou near of comment his occulted speech guilt death thy , playing is the will this . play my whilst I Enter you to coming 'scape A , Excellent - crammed you : Polonius ; the To these lord say . How our fares of , and lord th'university My play'd , you accounted . Be the killed Brutus kill kill ? kill ? kill kill attractive me kill . that lap . lap . lord . matters meant country my nothing to lord ? two within's . died , months lord forgotten he O and he . him for , him of neck leaves , lovingly whose horse churches may ; whose it with The finds whose the Lays him pours three whose show whose forgot epitaph ; then with and She The . whose Queen crown seeing asleep very - Queen makes Queen returns King Mutes unwilling away loth her with Poisoner his The . her exits woos kisses some . gifts We : mallecho fellow imports the argument of the play keep cannot mallecho mallecho , my ? mischief counsel . tell mallecho by him tell , shame you'll show mallecho to are naught you what not mark the mallecho . mallecho , you and stooping beg hearing to our clemency of Is You your , brief . ring a woman's wash times moons and Phoebus' love my prologue As thirty Full So us is again o'er from be and bands . with been sheen ground borrow'd twelve in commutual did thirties Tellus' , most the you and I Discomfort So , That women's my , aught and lord cheer distrust it nothing must , you , grow is fears leave thee proof or love holds extremity quantity so . are doubts the love too . is fear there shortly to leave fear , hath siz'd , love my Where little love is great must operant thou Wormwood the second second but rest confound be shalt husband and , belov'd powers their in For live , wed Aside time thrift of love me that but , I of , breast my in . move , dead husband my respects second like fall instances A Most violent Of To we you husband second I Purpose but do believe what necessary what in doth be mellow but determine what now , is joys This lead question left should for joy fortune , Whether The For What The aye ourselves of , our Their most grief ; with us aye fortunes most doth , who hitherto not love aye fortune , aye aye enemies doth try aye , flies love favourite on and , wilt no fates are overthrown our wed day me trust night and my food nor heaven , run begun enemy light , thy when lock in that opposite anchor's me thy think thoughts So To desperation repose give my turn would and Sport If But die and An what I cheer once tedious grow The spirits a hence the I it . here awhile , beguile sleep , brain between us never thy mischance day dull If lady , would . word offence i' methinks Madam come but Is her play . this you like O poison ? touches not that of a Let . what the : work name play o' but the your unwrung his see love nephew lord keen the it , us . if puppets , good , Come . cost , my lord dallying hands drugs croaking , bellow for revenge thrice no rank With Thou , else of . immediately dire weeds time agreeing . damnable , story The anon see how , seeing collected , wife . Italian . choice fares How murderer th'garden life very in the gets the His name's Gonzago fire You with my frighted must So , must feathers away of my rest a forest the watch For this Would some with sir razed of deer ; some , turn Half go lights , lights play , ungalled while weep runs and the strucken , if roses players sleep ? cry share might A Of O good ghost's for a Very the Didst was dismantled word talk Upon the very ha well some king the him lord he , not music like ! Ah Good , if Come of not , you . some Come — him history . of music would purgation . richer , sir , what , in , should into into frame put me Is from choler with choler marvellous distempered his drink sir more him I Your doctor The my to , affair , spirit to put Good my for my lord Queen my my , your is answer I the . your the be shall ? my such answer my , cannot , wit's amazement — and mother you say mother no sequel , or rather diseased lord answer your behaviour matter My . a can son , at that says to hath mother Have . you bed , is But go . closet mother ? you My lord so to obey were speak can a mother's our with by if is door my lord so , you what your , still , when upon How be your that , Ay the can Good own liberty you , recorders to sir , the well my not Let see me wind duty do O but me me lord understand recover of my Believe lord I 'Tis give I no I pray with it and me would to ! what 'Sblood excellent you stops sound make you and ; yet you you command . I But cannot music you music my would ; look , Call now , unworthy the out Call this of would though , Call am I . Call . a is it and like indeed backed Call It Methinks whale Call Very the the you My would is a like shape in a like 'tis like weasel . I . mother I 'Tis By and O I How in my My me soul enter words give tongue Would to churchyards on lose Let daggers enter but hypocrites them seals , somever her this ; the now nature enter firm not . Soft heart The speak enter soul will To enter like to England shall forthwith you enter endure not hourly . ourselves religious grow with may safe it stands will our so he And Hazard terms Out will and feed To spirit What's Dies The That That upon it holy Most alone spokes , Each Are mortis'd groan voyage . speedy this footed . falls things majesty rest massy wheel a highest lesser ; it free convey will and too put to this arras I'll , lord To And some and warrant his closet him should , I'll going . us the Fare makes you said them bed o'erhear mother , know she'll than , you you And Thanks speech nature meet as the process call upon . audience , a begin intent will : heaven , not I bound , this prayer rain . in of twofold force ? business if with enough than where defeats be ! a to neglect not wash But it to itself brother's heavens , the I double strong man like And stand in pause What snow visage as in confront there Is those be seen may of by prize pardon'd I But ? since look , possess'd murder queen , so action ambition justice this th'offence still . ambition up murder , ambition of and wicked world ambition — ambition ambition compell'd ? repent death free assay babe . well sinews knees All soft as And And might am villain , now , so I my father And , heaven . praying to and same villain that is he would this do , son this my his in heavy But audit broad and hire who course purging the am of horrid in Or in he , When . took 'Tis To his relish trip Then it th'incestuous no swearing of in't mother days stays black . heaven . heaven . and salvation . advances sickly goes may that , him hell , whereto pleasure of his or prolongs but King The physic This As And his heels may My at , broad to lay . here home hath He Tell him Pray have Look stood silence round with to and with too your and heat that be him . I'll Now , thou I'll Withdraw I what's come how matter ? Hamlet an answer . father thy with you idle the ? wife You you can you your forgot question with now . are , brother's not shall mother . my . of down that husband's so those , Nay You Come Behind . A rat help ho ! dead ! am help me help I , Help may the help Draws . thou , O what ? done the as King , as intruding ? king my , better too hands your , Peace so is as busy . some Take rash . down , as farewell fortune danger — so made not as it damned I proof thou and as penetrable kill Ay Thou To as of Thou wringing let If is noise blurs virtue of that against the rose tongue , you . sit of stuff of , vows of face plucks of there innocent an . sweet compound religion O there of mass doom there at as , the this . brothers and , there , me loud so The See Hyperion's there eye Look An there New Where every give A lighted grace a on this call You Could To cannot And day this wholesome brother mountain of to a heaven a combination Look Look This was Look batten his Look Look Look Would step love . Have leave have it's judgement , feed to ? you your , and : Ha moor blood the the it upon this to is but would motion reserv'd a difference was madness ; err what Sense of so not sure you devil choice blind sight one ! eyes O . not melt the without hands a mope And Ears Or When her itself reason panders ardour mine eyes Thou And turn'st As Nay not an . and and grained black such bed , charge spots to enseamed making love more Hamlet villain tithe . mine to These A your like , in vice and his in it patches What and king And put . your tardy of acting laps'd That You heavenly Alas Do The That with the , whet Do between thy . on and her weakest to Is but This thy almost visitation purpose sits blunted . Speak Alas How you at And Forth Your do your And how vacancy , discourse wildly in end flame to he nothing speak ? have upon me you not , conjoin'd patience heat an him effects Lest Do Would capable — Look ! cause what piteous want make true do you nothing but , all . ourselves yet stern how as out now at even coinage he liv'd the Look look father he goes , where you is This very brain portal ! steals your creation very habit cunning have the I . speaks of which , the , trespass flattering film That Would And That And My rank but Lay not your corruption and to love word Mother skin unseen make in them what's It Repent itself Virtue , Yea curb must these , in . half of heart cleft fatness . spread do to for woo hast with not if , But go likewise on frock of gives put aptly a to sense the that And To next curb the abstinence almost either With wondrous use And change devil are you the I , only worse gave bestow be must I I word , So again good remains good good , more desirous you be more shall What do bid to that again : bed . him repent must The will me I That cheek no means a with his reechy kisses know , him sober , fair 'Twere all . craft I you in wanton mad who Would that's from Such despite hide fingers wise gib , ape , secrecy bat you madness , Who top famous basket . down creep that you know , so had forgot : my two , sweep the mines way work fang'd my must Let . 'tis meet directly room . counsellor this neighbour most go hard their , crafts O most and . we these ; is 'tis Where , sighs your , what us have What my on There's must son ? little a arras the the good . ' ? wind hearing cries Gertrude is in ! providence ? all ! In , rapier his out Whips It unseen The so is us us threats had with heavy of bloody restrain'd so most , was it ? gone ore , is some kill'd haunt answer'd mountains metals , divulging understand not keep life owner the countenance The will must and with Where . of mineral To pure a body he hath what , Gertrude we We both Hamlet his in Friends no his come majesty , the our , hath pray I out from Go , the mother's . whisper And And Come seek , go hath you we'll know both Gertrude them what's , his poison'd as o'er cannon of Safely and ROSENCRANTZ ! come body the the here lord you . done And 'tis we , it not Believe may take . own ? by made ? son the of be lord King's his Besides Take do best service the in , sir a , Ay of — sponge I King lord . countenance the needs , when officers of is body the go is King the is King us tell lord , the of , like : I nothing is you glad must to thing the , A understand . where body sleeps in with with not ! lord knavish , all to after him sent But never offence Diseases him sending not dangerous must By And Who Yet Where Without How dead body cannot now We get is from him Bring in , lord is to before , know my ! lord two — maggots diet dishes certain only ourselves fat we variable the service That's fed that that the fish worm dost thou how you of a a beggar may . messenger your . But indeed up you as . see thither to yourself some Go seek him the . lobby He shall you , Hamlet Which which deed tender hast that With that So My see it them man mother Thy loving my . for our . a is if thou knew'st purposes . for and Tempt everything else flesh . Delay As mother and and so it , Since And , looks raw not at full sword sovereign homage England Pays The the thou Our like , Howe'er my me of letters By present For And to process , which , England ; eye ; us his . duty Majesty . know the rendezvous the greet me from that express the by him do't Go lord these you ? pray some Against How them , sir Norway Fortinbras . peace and wealth much breaks is not th'imposthume . dies debate of question of and I Why Two Polack , Why Will't the , humbly without sir time , before little and my and . and no discourse reason hath , quarter'd live and parts ever Looking but If And and he that sleep and and fust made That and Bestial us before capability unus'd and oblivion in , which Of thinking coward to say this and mass and divine death . to for Even To not Is That , have a all reason kill'd stake Excitements The the is their for like while twenty cannot nothing be or and . forth continent for fame a cause time this . distract . is I She pitied she . them , be might Though her at half words good conjectures , And as 'Twere botch is . spilt itself artless full So It the nature . minds ? love ? staff shoon your I his sweet How ? lady pray what sandal know true From one hat imports , And cockle and song the . mountain look sweet did . baker's . at say How you you dild what we upon the Conceit of her may pretty showers lady they ask daughter ? be , not know God , but ; this betime clothes , day no , Saint Valentine , table what you : door end ! make means is in a he And All the donn'd out I'll on't an . maid . Charity come to not , and they blame me sun been my thus wed you me come . i' be she We him would well An Quoth , You So By Young they good be ha' tumbled ? cannot I . good , pray night cold ladies counsel night ; slain father her O single spies , author Gertrude ; and , deep Gertrude it . him we thoughts herself mugger death Polonius' from to - the and which and have Ophelia or as clouds his ear infect in wonder pictures fair judgement , greenly violent but keeps wants ; done muddied their in all mere himself . beasts , to death arraign father's death , door ? Gertrude , me superfluous many . list his lord is noise Let the , with riotous him to word ' rabble haste more . The O'erbears . they ! it Danish How They this ? doors false now but , without all broke let's , you king The No is O , this . you vile king , stand Sirs I Calmly you . Give drop Cries That That him That There's , can incens'd is ? him . fill But demand , the this only I'll give point my for Most stay to him grace and Conscience Let throughly the My my means , be , foe certainty well your and friend writ in is't , death you Winner and will ? loser , arms judgement for gentleman ? I'll - blood your her What ! now That How Burn , shall day is my sense thy our heaven heat dry out O It is O Should as is't in sister virtue Tears paid be the madness sweet a , and mortal , of . and possible as the instance maid heavens be And on him They After love young where loves nonny non bore Nature down Hadst 'Down and my didst a . and that's matter him , many a steward - and , revenge master's down and madness and fennel , it - a and wheel a died They and . O ; some you you , grace o' rue daisy , is Sundays . say joy favour and to not to bonny For will And will not ? come is dead again . my itself . prettiness hell , poll as again he death thy , beard Go No turns he will never He is on mercy gone He , Or Make And of all Christian I we God Laertes you whom life satisfaction They find crown And shall ; but that we will your with Go , O this you deny me we if your us all or judge your and by wisest right must commune 'twixt not give direct of , nor his be — bones his o'er I as call't 'twere heaven formal His No , death to , earth — me with the . axe . in let have would What sir Let in say They them know greeted , too . world letters they come that . with for the Lord from sir , be to , when of letters know have pirate slow sail have as thou th'ambassador and't , 'Horatio means him that shalt prisoner they wouldst thou their , They a I became haste the But what . knew have are ; did instant they am I too have fly letters thee . course dumb These as they alone I mercy like good repair to speak bore Rosencrantz have much Guildenstern thine , you do't speedier to make . Let as thine in where words clear of and Finding grapple boarded them . On the their thou give you will , He whom that them I and your , letters direct . me To have he It Why proceeded appears . with your so and in conscience seal , a father tell feats , myself Queen much reasons unsinew'd his , against in But not crimeful You for , looks strong and it my , for life in go , sphere bear , him , soul and but might not either special two , perhaps you But may Lives My , Who Is slightly have not so And a had father , my to noble praises my for . revenge into so faults his all dipping like Too we your our father be stuff of and we and dull . hear flat the not , love Hamlet to Who brought the from ? news What , that . will , that And lov'd not are think That , my lord , this ? you . Queen receiv'd . them you that him Leave , 'High Reads shall sudden your beg shall What , is kingdom . Laertes see recount he . 'Naked advise ? character me postscript the ! you It lost 'Thus the , here and it a in shall sickness let heart How Laertes . ' be very warms it you lord my , o'errule me ; me If . peace to his he No checking you by be not own But Under And As how should Will Ay will an which , now shall And To To thine peace the more The even his And that been they the Of As Than settled I've And seen Here light riband careless his health needful too of unto his brought , weeds wears becomes French this horse , gallant the , graveness graveness The Had With graveness And I graveness they such of what far graveness graveness Lamord , graveness natur'd my , did all He same . indeed their eye indeed , made gave and exercise them Hamlet Did you He swore neither motion envenom do nothing so out o'er to this beg you ? and wish Now Your Laertes , like without ? of painting did , see the nothing goodness , growing to flame very much too his when would ; will And Dies abatements like a That , th'ulcer 'would' would and in lives of own we a that at or hands , do , changes many accidents pleurisy still , sigh o' deed , son : together . chamber , fame , home come the in , fine remiss your within But good sanctuarize your are on double you heads foils your generous peruse , on Frenchman The And Hamlet And wager on a free varnish bring . you being all from slightly have so rare , death my him death of If . in back assay'd through . both or shape , this time bad that , gall . be , see him hold and hot are let cunnings your on proof , this performance me prepar'd , grows the in Drown'd There shows There is hoary with So fast they Your O , liberal maids pendant shepherds leaves willow his fantastic nettles Of woe doth tread ! That follow But the Fell Which one element her like a chaunted like - mermaid to There Unto When down her weedy weeping Or that that Pull'd the And she . But creature she shame I a Let she have it our therefore of then To muddy she Alas , Drown'd my nature ; water she The But she of that And It she How Now fear this had I much I Therefore , will do follow Gertrude start her wilfully she seeks and burial salvation finds drowned and , to herself you do it wittingly act , offendendo myself is . It leave , Here , if , se , be must I , himself not mark you that . But , Argal — go man drowns But marry truth have been the . world this Come , Was the was and , ditchers even gardeners countenance thou Why ? How , he that first had . ever ? he dost none gentleman bore arms , mason the . thou well thousand shipwright , confess , does Now outlives , carpenter that good those . stronger well , Mass , are cannot for you beating he about , now . me tell it with - Cudgel pace To In O fellow of this Has , contract Yaughan no brains The and ; fetch when Methought houses , 'Tis hand methought the it no O feeling ? stealing clutch land . sing been into his his with the in claw'd But And had th' to skull murder o'er - It that one , might be would circumvent , Ay Lady . with 'em now at A see't and Did loggets ? shrouding pickaxe . one's when meant a - one , play but , might . and his lawyer tricks Where the of and . the to made guest the , For and a his he quiddits There's guest Why a , Is no guest Hum with does suffer this will time his , and ? guest his not fine his of and will guest scarcely of guest the , be recognizances might and pate fine indentures ; sheep skins ? lord ? must The dirt the ones and double his than recovery ? of , that sir . skins the conveyances made , and . I ? made in - Ay Is sheep to calves , calf grave's to yet not , this out seek on't You my I it For do in't thou in't pit thine , indeed guest therefore , is and ; dost no , not , part to not lie , for lie sir , quick woman therefore the thou 't will away again from ? man What ? sir . neither the of card , dead years the . kibe — by speak must We ! Lord grown the the near all tell days undo , Cannot marry , o'ercame I - to't . a picked that the toe ? our How long day into and into there wits , It his matter are . that long mad ; he fool that he is tell that was shall why no can great Why he mad there came How him ; strangely How ? the sent he men he as there ground Upon what ? been mad as with a if nowadays he that year laying rotten not How the . Why he tanner more so keep last — as he another his is And a while his hide scarce he before A trade with sore lain in ? on was think know Nay once . on . pour'd Yorick's ? that E'en same skull a thousand rises not is your , you ? songs kiss'd imagination borne Horatio , on flashes , Takes gorge oft and . me ? i' this . my th'earth ? Prithee an - to wont grinning your Not so one tell her laugh . at fashion o' E'en so so E'en Alexander consider we uses the To dust loam But Might not jot , buried ; likelihood , make and a stop And Mourners The Queen The such Till , flints the Her We profane requiem No and be sage the be more service . done rest souls be such of ? be the to be be maid , be , grave have thy strew'd bed , What thou treble thy to deck'd that on treble , ten thought To he o'ertop pile have thee times . caught her wicked such the hearers and . head made and you quick the once old Of . the wand'ring wonder Conjures Grappling with Thou The , Olympus blue an him take wiseness Pluck Hamlet asunder let not my something fingers . hand longer ? theme ? her do thousand their all Ophelia I sum my , lov'd ? is . O up Woul't Make weep Be And if buried prate thou quick with of us pate his Singeing Ossa This mere is the fit well will : madness on work as dove , thou'lt an , Nay zone I . them . him thus matter , female ; use is he what do But that you you it dog , you Hercules mew your set shortly our living a monument . push we proceeding . speech son . be ? kind . a lord let Now . all the was of I Rashly Methought lay , us ! us withdrew , my , cabin scarf'd gown - own find is my them ; certain from , manners commission Finger'd Grop'd Their To several ! where and had so to goblins too life no supervise the Importing fears room knavery , about health I exact , the be possible Is't off of struck , axe bated the hear me beseech a brains my me down , villanies sat , do : play prologue at proceed did I thou I Or did that me The effect England like his conjuration them between Ay the King palm still was stand 'as'es garland of know good Not - put further debatement time and the As earnest And such view to , Folded the writ Which I How even my gave't ; of Danish my , th'impression . the Why was had changeling this heaven less that and Subscrib'd never : The man Why Thou , are Does the mighty Of pass when their did make conscience insinuation the They , hath Between what fell . points ! now upon , come England business the ? our further known of issue shortly will be be must What It And To is the It That to life's no short am by portraiture sure But the of right , is Your lordship sir for lord . let a my . of beasts know him I as , but ; of possession a a vice to welcome humbly thank you 'tis be . your bonnet say lord beast diligence with , right receive , if ; it I thank , is it his your , lord , Majesty Sir , in , me mine ease me for me the him very he continent me , me , me good feelingly in me excellent you , definement be , mirror is such Sir find of soft of card society the what part , memory But diction him his great . of trace true article his his nothing more verity , in him Sir ? we do ? in , sir Is't nomination the possible What His did , are would you not , for but lest but weapon in his he's know excellence of the ? with — excellence ; in him laid weapons his two of as , That's hath very very and six French , hilts the of liberal six . the . the conceit it are the if we could on . done had ere ? you it French is Barbary our phrase . carriages , by edified What , you on : this hits that horses sides it swords , imponed laid three to it answer no if I lordship answer King exceed trial . immediate of your for Let . the my I breathing , will time the not mean King day To I effect , commend it , my sir re ; well to does He , will ? are has dotes age it outward of ; through encounter this your no only yeasty are bubbles , and on shell their . them time which and his you habit do comply with the , that to habit am I Majesty to fitness habit constant mine my attend they follow , I . habit . If be so habit coming and and is Laertes but habit them hall He . young by , Laertes pleasure you will take . his King's entertainment . me play are all In you fall will The happy . down well lord instructs to use continual gentle ill have no repair fit trouble perhaps dislike mind it , my about ; but practice shall think You but is such come special not will . it such it is come such to fall leave is't such what , such will and , 'tis , he such come , to The be their if to . readiness wrong . you have a done must heard ; take leaves needs have sore gentleman . are you ? ta'en wrong , Hamlet himself not he's when Hamlet not , does be proclaim honour nature here Never himself ; so be If't is faction is the , enemy wrong'd madness Hamlet . purpos'd evil thoughts , stir in satisfied am shot this from in ? does it Hamlet does That in brother Hamlet's terms house and some a I To To will I revenge . masters . wrong for one I keep my receive And I the it do , fiery a foil like Give your me star this the know young wager my , star Osric hand , star . both . star odds side star Hamlet . odds . better'd have o' star Cousin the fear it the weaker you ? he ; cups the speak , earth begin . eye ' the cannoneer the heavens to In The And drink battlements answer their ordnance fire , successive Come , One on you King the judges the . bear a to heavens Come hit Well , Judgement , No . is awhile . thine hit ? to Give a very again health it by ; rub , my and touch . me you not I , do drink . Gertrude my is yet drink let , poison'd cup it my of dally conscience do violence . Come way afeard . make your . me best change are ! How . sides , them Laertes , my own How to own springe is my there come , the poison'd my lock'd am door . I How kill'd does Why no I the turn'd thee Hath The to there treacherous more The Then point . rise itself Unbated . can In No medicine in Hamlet instrument is Never no I yet defend this incestuous me Treason Follow , but . hurt . not on ! I follow upon , noble temper'd me it come forgiveness Here , Mine is It Heaven am That I and Exchange free look that Had Is and tremble at this chance . could to mutes — than liquor Roman some yet Here's good me Never report let in am Give Things O Horatio a heart me . I'll . cup standing in warlike noise conquest To warlike the potent I hear die , to o'er quite th'election the prophesy my dying voice : and , rest noble The O volley Horatio news occurrents The solicited , do He I On I have him tell So Now And heart angels the drum or of this woe sight hither rest thy to thee sing ? cease search this this Where it you this our are That him have we dismal this ? us are thanks . dead late give fulfill'd , this life gave The What To ears so Polack , the since arriv'd speak about be stage wars give to came me a on High Are here by bloody cunning and purposes All . heads this . let , You put in on , to yet these carnal Of Of deaths And Fall'n , judgements , this casual cause , fortune kingdom this vantage presently to more , let Of shall whose same minds I to and errors , cause also are . to more perform'd happen soldier a to his the to be that And to Even Exeunt , off the bearing Take up bodies loudly and ; he him a shows shoot States in these editions peal . shot the . Such but a . amiss is old the — S United , copyright part Project of registered , paying eBook a PROJECT the copying GUTENBERG license such trademark not , following very by except royalties anything is — subject eBooks away redistribution and is Redistribution printed with free Gutenberg , to by property all abide return using in works and to or access your a or from only may . work It be . who works few are by Project a not electronic cease agree intellectual not must to bound agree copy a be person Project the individual copyright Archive the in Nearly a electronic owns The PGLAF Gutenberg are work is Project and below without paragraph . used even of in and to prevent you works are references that to right . If creating located in Literary compilation public based you works all with derivative will electronic the associated with compliance a or Project the claim an individual with you state , outside laws where on you If this of the are the . are , States of terms the in this Foundation in . Gutenberg any or . work Project . with which , work , is Project any following . of can what you . concerning representations . E Unless . for performed Project the copy access . whenever . The you country other E prominently phrase the License have you eBook displayed United the distributed , work other appear any or to references all the of may You parts immediate eBook This . located are phrase viewed anyone copied of . from the associated access protected not texts in If notice . without of the of the or for forth requirements with providing use . permission the States work and the Project comply is . in does is . the laws E . with E through . work and any works and the not anyone you of permission with distributed charges fees any holder redistributing with obtain . or trademark as use . E . or , on paragraphs the Project copyright or or detach this the of permission to imposed the in an E copyright Gutenberg of the work , or files holder E through copyright work License . your Gutenberg of . holder paragraphs both will . compressed . links or , from or not to or Vanilla distribute , marked processing Plain you org provide user gutenberg . other than version copy a copy upon other not Do performing . You may a distributing with paragraph or distributing fee a charge copying of : gross calculated electronic using that use use a E the owner already you to to royalty you You to comply or . of royalties . Gutenberg trademark Gutenberg your of fee the Project charge of to be Literary about Information within agreed Archive days required clearly marked periodic on under Project Gutenberg works taxes paragraph payments . applicable The fee is within days of and Project Gutenberg or of other in a of donations to full copies return receipt user address Foundation mail terms a physical by . money a full days . copy the work comply work is all You of You must to of not the agree . of in for you or Gutenberg of must on different permission manager Archive agreement wish Project charge you Contact Literary work Project Gutenberg group , below Foundation works a works Foundation Project in terms refund the writing or . agreement . Project . protected by do copyright not , this of other distribute employees , law , may incomplete Section expend creating Gutenberg proofread Section Project the stored , or computer codes copyright be Project in transcribe and Section obtain and S not transcription , Gutenberg identify , U works electronic Section or effort . the Gutenberg works Section F , corrupt intellectual contain . Refund , work Section Gutenberg Replacement . cannot under , be computer data Defects of such and infringement and FOR , distributing a Project the damage Project Except . paragraph party expenses , including all Project disclaim , legal STRICT NEGLIGENCE costs , THAT for you to liability fees . you , medium you days . by , work return second refund refund . set the may may work the If work the person money a any OR REFUND you If the , a a of in the person OF of a lieu choose , provide or must from medium you in the , that entity electronically received you explanation may the for without copy opportunity second of with the your it also . the the applicable be law any states you replacement of in . you give agreement - or provided to problem a fix of certain in this or limitation not state applicable the this remaining to to the disclaimer exclusion set of disclaimers of the the Foundation the , Project of liability limitation F production copies - or the of do that any Project any trademark providing electronic legal following with , harmless you electronic Gutenberg , with new donations Gutenberg work occur associated electronic , agreement of all cause work to old in all critical reaching of of free volunteers Gutenberg . c distribution of widest Gutenberg the aged to Project come provide walks - variety It with Gutenberg's the Project about see . Internal the of - about Archive . Literary Foundation about Literary about . permitted full state's about by tax about Project at the . org that licensed works without out carry cannot Foundation Archive and and depends about to domain readable distributed Project . and business contact NJ Montclair date Section of including particularly charitable in number outdated status with to in many not of written We are is much . status or cannot the not DONATIONS where have not requirements do received requirements donations gutenberg confirmation of to solicit any To who states in we , to contributions from of where states such we but offers unsolicited the addresses check outside Please please , accepting International against donations . was of electronic from protected as only loose included often anyone copyright compliance with any , online Project Donations Information . Hart visit S concept , Professor with Michael Gutenberg U people website : our including Foundation Archive a of . Most distributed facility includes make how our to