live yourself ! me Stand Stand Stand Stand Nay Stand Stand 'Tis Stand struck You Stand come If rivals The I Who ! ho , Marcellus and Horatio , bid stirring . ground . night good Give . hath , farewell , What , good tonight ? of him entreated minutes the have this That us Touching , not will this to I and apparition speak eyes awhile not , down again night , assail down speak of this 'twill have , Last westward , that's all of t'illume course and myself The Where thee break bell . Look then beating the it now Peace , Had same off same art not Thou Most Looks a King harrows It like ? me with be would It thou which buried warlike Horatio it , this majesty fair that Together In march with I . answer will ! speak . believe . pale look not ! You ! How Is thou mine the ! In what sit Good now thought he and to work to our observant of tell and my of know not opinion , watch , state sore sweaty , Hamlet most by a Fortinbras to last , day appear'd so ; King , lands conqueror same , moiety to all , seal'd heraldry had as ; King inheritance by design'd ; his return'd competent a of , diet and a list appear well mettle Norway resolutes no there , other , take preparations the land other , it , the chief . head so watch question palmy mightiest gibber trains sun the even As And Have And Unto But I'll , cross earth earth earth prologue to the earth ! earth to , country's may earth earth of earth avoid thy ! and earth me Speak privy to , thy grace to ease good any be do they of if , Which Extorted Or , it do We To our is And The Doth Upon And It was that trumpet sounding or air throat and , And probation earth his , comes herein . celebrated cock season no power the hath planets fitting him speak life seen my by my mantle high in part clad hill . to our morning most I with , duty discretion discretion kingdom whole discretion our of ourselves discretion , discretion , discretion discretion discretion barr'd marriage gone , dole . death , dream fail'd and of us those bonds with of all is of rid his advantage not Importing our by for impotent this Out , For Norway and , Of of , his gait Cornelius , subject greeting and and you here , Norway Voltemand old further more commend . show your . duty Dane , Laertes with news is't , not beg thy the to to the to Denmark have , lord to my ? to Denmark coronation France , Polonius slow , kind . i' sun ? die . lives for not Do so Not How is still clouds I , thy nighted father noble thy for let Good Hamlet thine Thou haviour of the forc'd river These man a might ; grief visage , black mother know good eye indeed of solemn ; and , and show passeth , 'Tis and , and and ; impatient and is to course , heaven and to unmanly condolement obstinate In stubbornness most . and will a shows impious To father That In do Of heart sorrow lost filial obsequious unfortified we the most To From 'This A it As For Take unprevailing father most for throne son desire of our our eye our to In It Here Our in chiefest And not Let I I the That Fie grows months a to Hyperion By what not which me think fed on increase ? face I her Visit ; Within married like my tears , month eyes , come incestuous most — that all , God have father's ! mourn'd yet Than My But Horatio I The And poor , servant good friend ; you ? with ever Sir , your what I To shall Nor would make yourself We'll teach But I you what , I I prithee My my lord Horatio all him his in again all a . while may gentlemen deliver till , your love me nights Marcellus For This the witness to , the their watch on had . before at encounter'd Appears Armed Been In the dead exactly A figure and stately and them , and their slow his Almost truncheon's jelly ; the not to word I third made , kept both true in time and ; watch to it ; we the , you it lord , speak I : in crew would and did yet away loud , speak , me . lord look'd saw , yes Then What Nay And fix'd Most his pale . anger constantly long hundred ? constantly constantly constantly . constantly there been had constantly tell . constantly it constantly have A 'twill watch walk no in ? grizzled His seen I , was It I noble . tonight fare twelve . this pray , all silence no your . you honour you were will ! come eyes rise . to o'erwhelm give . his toy of youth , suppliance more No perfume not more permanent , trifling of a not nature , minute no thews The The His He For Carve for himself must his . voice and the the subject Unto therefore head he As It is subject May he subject Whereof subject subject Than Then If your too main subject and Then his what voice particular health subject fits weigh heart subject keep of shot and danger fear the of maid is rear of his or ear you importunity of your list chaste your of withal . of , of sister , dear of . not . not 'scapes unmask not not infants buttons liquid imminent near . not fear , not brother treads ; not . in none of heart steep the me Whilst Himself not fear recks primrose not . too stay Yet The like a the I you are wind sits for Give thoughts means no their and with hoops his of adoption few these Grapple entrance - thy thy ear censure thine th'opposed , express'd each rich , can ; the best . station that a nor generous friend husbandry ; be of gaudy the of fancy but few thy not man day true ; my , go Ophelia in have take touching , And please Given private told So you If that is't What Have And in me , Marry time bethought oft and ; most free 'tis I — put must and , yourself so clearly green girl a to late You such speak of affection his like circumstance call should . think yourself a baby , pay yourself of me importun'd he , may all catch holy burns countenance When Lends Even Giving the the springes more Than a Set You may And command something your scanter entreatments parley larger you ; their of sanctified beguile plain implorators dye his that of But like mere . This and to better Do not slander terms , so any come ; with talk shall shrewdly ; it a is think Indeed And Keeps our achievements and oft not them height . here . custom a is it breach traduc'd clepe addition us our pith their By Or form of I say livery as general man as of scandal . a it The may his Look Be Angels and thou Thou com'st , canoniz'd not Let Why thy saw thee ! and What again hideous to the of reaches shake and ? go away impartment you alone courteous with Look a not you As if To No , no by But not speak lord the at should a be life , what again immortal can as . you tempt forth , it ; will It waves toward the of flood follow it ? sea the other into some dreadful his your madness ? toys of , motive every to fathoms roar into more place looks It Go Still am call'd a Go on , nerve thee imagination Denmark ? to . come flames almost me , hour I wilt for Are Doom'd Till And To Would Make thy the burnt day crimes purg'd foul the thy ears thy of thy thy thy his most But thy Haste May find thee thy I as ! most thy and , the the , with thoughts , the fat ear in my whole the the process know , the did the that wears but ; a that the me ; in itself the I thou given serpent the A Rankly abus'd 'Tis Mine prophetic with that his traitorous power , poor dignity vow , be decline that the were gifts shape celestial my . I on scent Sleeping the afternoon uncle a effect of whose blood man through posset doth it the sudden and as gates of hebenon thy in ears courses my , about a , tetter So did milk mine it into droppings vigour but but , but dispatch'd sin account but once but but but but ; not , to matin Fare that ; nor this contrive , act to heaven once near at . fire And O And shall , Unmix'd least Within youth saws That the book matter most villain it is pernicious . volume and thy And villain tables it be a ! heaven ! villain Denmark . word ' . Lord Lord ! lord Lord , come Lord , Lord , my Lord Lord O lord my Lord you Not Good No my you'll , by it ? think — lord , dwelling come all . in arrant an he's a But There's ne'er ghost , right , that your it hold as fit it every ; and I'll words heartily . heartily you my , offence , Patrick by offence are Never What Give friends you make known My lord Nor We Ha , you Consent , boy ha Come Never Hic And to Come lay Swear your Beneath ! night but , this give is and philosophy stranger more before strange As To I How you as , know' we by Or know you So grace , rest God willing The That As And That you as do they Than thus part in him , but I please you and be part To youth ? may You dishonour that would far so swearing , the , Ay Quarrelling You , may seem and they Faith lord as must That's Ay , my Marry , slight a thing a 'twere ever Mark soil'd would working . you you — you you say ? you — you , to this I , was you does He , you I 'closes or in the you ' consequence' so and the in , to say yesterday thus falling brothel he out , and such at or know , 'I t'other : and in's or . house carp and of of wisdom with forth : such find indirections by So , this and You have have , lord inclination his By my . b' my you Good wi' you yourself in I him ply Well , Ophelia been the of have name I , lord what With , Lord No My Alas , lord Hamlet , his And As Pale To if of horrors look been , thy truly but ? held of said had piteous know What the the shaking little sigh head a draw such by he with And He his me length he to hand , would to He Then so so so end his . so And And so so with so the me is so Whose This last went way his their will ecstasy I fordoes property very to will our natures . I hard oft leads afflict did made access with . it beyond is him wreck lack discretion which ourselves for , than Come common is cast . known be More grief to hide we that This Our Moreover need we sending transformation th'exterior was father's th'understanding death th'understanding , that of entreat I th'understanding time from , within thus . th'understanding not th'understanding of please th'understanding th'understanding th'understanding , awhile . hope such bent full your Rosencrantz and . Rosencrantz , Might And My too up To , lay our be , I our , him . you Thanks bring make Pleasant and Ay amen the ? been joyfully from Th'ambassadors Thou I I Have As it hath very admittance be first the of The trail , fruit long to hear . found news do shall to Thyself He Say Voltemand , Welcome , Was falsely Fortinbras was But so against better His be It And With levied , So , Gives it , your we rest , you , for your , business , be , night , is Were Why nothing , but day brief ; to for nothing let But More but is't What is , I pity it , 'tis 'tis us find say grant Madam That And we — Now idol vile phrase you from her to Hamlet I awhile ; the that thou stay but this Came , madam dear . But Ophelia Thine As dear given had my Before Or perceiv'd had fain would When I As me me me 'Lord And you me look'd might is young a me this a me my upon And lock me messengers she , repulsed took the herself , me no my to fast , her tokens resort his of advice . make — this now thence then raves fain ' know . find will I it though , were hid further centre me the , hid he sometimes Here in the he I'll loose an my daughter then her arras fall'n state a thereon , carters it and If not him If to If If , If If If . If . mercy lord are my lord Not , sun you my a , carrion — in a dead , ten thousand true very That's breed her not say walk I sun th' Friend . Conception , Still . was I again words the is who matter , read you plentiful a says here have thus in't — method . crab like a you , How and part . will except that anything humbly take I lord old Hamlet ; tedious To good Rosencrantz . friends Good lads dost thou do ? dear ; dear happy dear dear ? dear of very dear dear dear shoe my not not her of soles the Nor about my waist , my her , Fortune my of parts secret my the my live my my is . doomsday Then one goodly , Why could , dreams I infinite space were bounded in not I that for the ; of a but itself dream ambition of shadow's airy . monarchs For ? court . GUILDENSTERN . upon and wait you rest . But for . sent And , there not sent ; and proposer better obligation you were me love your . feather , with my heavily a , this fire golden and foul you noble in pestilent , promontory forgone goes this goes disposition all , goes discovery goes custom of goes of goes ; o'erhanging , goes congregation , how action goes of And , neither woman . And thoughts me' delights And them offer And coming And they shall And knight And gratis adventurous And make those , say for't were shall the humorous freely , such , better Their was by comes the residence ? profit it they think hold the inhibition same their No comes it How keeps , endeavour eyases for't that wonted in , goose - the ? they , they grow ; but out cry . pace These quills they quills quills and quills quills — so quills maintains quills 'em themselves than quills if , quills pursue the they they unless O has been the there Is't possible much they very that not make , strange mouths , a at hundred him is you to welcome and to players father appear and uncle . from - Guildenstern the prophesy he right , Happily will , I My Then the comical , too - cannot judge and be of , what he had Why treasure Israel daughter , loved he Still I my lord well Nay follows , wot it more you show God ! face What is see thee look . comes like know I Denmark am . will . most a cracked of beard old my me chopine like in nearer your voice , young I when Masters fly God Pray the . falconers , passionate e'en We'll have quality above once speak thee in remember digested well . of by , where he . much , Aeneas' of so Pyrrhus purpose lay this dread and in black Head . he , fathers Bak'd blood a impasted and murders with tyrannous To mothers mothers mothers Striking mothers mothers too short to Rebellious Repugnant mothers mothers Th'unnerved finds at Pyrrhus Priam whiff finds father feel falls finds this , and base ear finds was Pyrrhus' finds a a as finds Priam reverend Of finds finds And So , silence A , Now falls Priam armour vengeance And Mars's sets , anon so new after and the eterne fall work , you hill . beard your of bawdry to Hecuba too too too too 'The good That's too too up too too When burst made things has where clamour I'll clamour . will clamour well well clamour After for ; clamour your used clamour My clamour clamour , man 'scape bodikin should less they deserve , old , Come him Dost or tomorrow me , lines night that , Good so a God not it Is what Ay Make cleave The , very of ignorant the faculties , and rascal unpregnant , nothing a can say whose , property , was , And Like , A And Confound and - made , and , lungs take ? gives should liver'd it Who and ere region bawdy , cannot , murder'd a heaven dear and hell heart Foh ! my by Fie upon't scullion a revenge , a very father is This , lecherous Bloody ! like unpack ! I at the their have of observe If the with very pleasing devil , shape . I'll such , thing King grounds have , spirits , to by he him find But do what He from Nor We , Madam - And To And all With Good Will , both him good beauties to bring To I Madam ourselves walk you — To . of — here . Ophelia Gracious are such an We pious much Aside cheek lash ugly my him be To , Whether slings 'tis ? not ? The ? take to ? by ; flesh heart to That ? Devoutly sleep ? is wish'd to of us have give that we calamity pause of whips so and the , dispriz'd wrong of merit patient he bodkin himself and ? sweat Who would a something , rather of returns traveller makes fly And Than Is sins sins And lose The Be Good sins my honour thank sins have never , sins , words you sins ; so know sins sweet sins their the noble prove . honest ? lord My ha There , Are you your fair lord my of the power , was than sometime I , me for ; of the was I . mother , nunnery At upon O , as go : know , go well heavenly paintings yourselves God's more marriages the no O , courtier's will to , more ? Like sweet and music blown me tune of quite of deject most , quite honey the ladies his most of , what Thus Was not I some And With have it : demand the the down of he brains . But , do , you play entreat alone be you please or him so If shall best show To Of We But need and well love what Lord grief Ophelia said Hamlet after him him . so not . wisdom It great pronounced shall in Madness ones tongue the beget a and - that a , it fellow O of gently I as you mouth my , must , but give periwig fellow . Be soul , to rags out . most action have , hear to , Suit noise temperance are to a nothing - but not of to , the o'erstep word ; scorn make it is purpose hold unskilful must highly in your make allowance — there , but speak that the gait I to nor age the that pressure them have have pressure players and pressure not be pressure us indifferently pressure . pressure play For them for pressure that there barren pressure so men so that , O accent strutted Christians of the had reform'd set to set hope I reform well , villainous it . and question quantity uses some let And those that the meantime , in . down altogether O than though , more too to themselves in Will And will two Bid the ROSENCRANTZ and hear now my King , the help Here Horatio As sweet e'er That feed No dear may crook And clothe dear thee follow the dear soul was fawning distinguish men dear of for in , man dear that suffering thanks dear judgement are dear dear that I my too tonight play do thee not is sound they core I There what Which As That That my I steal detecting , whilst will both the coming place will play the be his join note . judgements lord pay idle , King Guildenstern our cousin ? Hamlet Queen and . playing theft , others must Enter , a cannot Hamlet Polonius ? say accounted a lord words dish . are not mine . the , air i' good you actor Capitol a capital kill so your was enact ready . kill'd Brutus killed Be the calf . attractive more lap . in you dear , Come good , ho Lady , No , shall , No To think I think nothing meant lord upon my I you a to lie my That's thought fair is What legs maids' ? lord , I . but I'll a for lord have half black wear . father died and , ago months , not epitaph whose two the your only cheerfully , Nay then heavens , long sables on there's O great the , by'r lady She She . takes and declines his seeing The kneels Enter a . he a Queen lovingly of neck leaves , some with Poisoner , three seems love with gifts end Queen lament exits , crown seeming woos the . The finds pours , upon makes King and show her . in Mutes comes . awhile is means accepts body four it kisses the this us . not the Marry fellow the the the argument keep they'll the the . the prologue We us , to for and of , play ashamed , gone cart . did may hearts have And our is , me So salt woman's journeys and ere I state , fear are . know , must quantity extremity , littlest , grow love neither great great siz'd , functions thee this love love my doubts world thou as behind , made , there fear proof , shortly to their , My And operant , O , must love Honour'd live treason , husband let . husband none , but move the kill'd but Wormwood second believe husband kisses what , break ; poor tree necessary fruit when we mellow validity , but determine you second instances , unripe the doth , ourselves unshaken on the debt . joy memory speak , slave the but is Purpose Which Their , is a for joy most ending passion to be ; most themselves grief , us you , love needs aye shall not hitherto And poor man lead down advanc'd aye And joys The aye who The aye fates aye him their , wed aye none are so where who Directly to and , aye orderly Our Our die So thoughts thy love But think are seasons Nor earth To , once would opposite what here that desperation lock cheer widow blanks hence strife , beguile ! joy it and , lasting now fain sleep how you too she'll protests And never Sleep mischance like , Gonzago a our free gall'd shall done Mousetrap , no heard argument jest Is ; no offence ? the name us : work it souls of piece my to , if lord I are you take . Pox . doth raven , collected ; infected thrice immediately property . His . You name's . Gonzago's of love with King lord light the All . me , lights Lights For some Turk , turn get sir this good O Horatio You word poisoning ? a pound . well well well . well note . well music it like some he likes not well . sir , marvellous well distempered ? well , Ay sir a vouchsafe Your for wisdom me to , Good put wildly am I so more , more pronounce welcome . signify more the to more plunge him and affair some frame more . of more mother's hath sent If your more the more end of , my and business Sir , wholesome a pardon cannot I . return will ? lord my wit's , What command the admiration hath mother ! mother's ere her you you . me love pickers our with any for . the bar himself toil do a , is you . me you play upon my most and , these Look with beseech . are the skill any thing to how . lying breath music it eloquent cannot look ; my I you mystery compass ; you , yet the Queen see By the you lord My God and , mass Methinks is come — by and by come will . They friends , out , consent shent , you . it provide fear . hourly bodies ourselves your peculiar ; 'noyance and strength itself spirit keep That ourselves To With ourselves the lives many ourselves all live keep holy We ourselves will those feed upon many safe ourselves Majesty the but depend of gulf a weal whose ourselves ; not The from . of ourselves it thousand which ; the majesty rest is a . this - free , to . haste GUILDENSTERN upon speedy fear . closet . voyage pray I For lord the , meet Since of makes some said you the , Fare tell them Fare you to Fare as can as sharp Pray it Fare , Fare not will intent , eldest to guilt Fare inclination murder be defeats where ! man . thicker a Fare My O , Thanks offence Fare my And Fare brother's Though A hath It stand both not rain the but visage snow confront white it But And My ? There Offence's And ? Buys oft gilded may we ? forehead and teeth true is out ? My May In ? give when bosom O , What black can evidence repentance wretched Even In no the 'tis . nature Try To O Bow limed O , Art Be knees , as sinews ; and it can , what what , kills , I do reveng'd son do't it . pat , is to goes well , I villain A heaven his my this , To now . is broad father , grossly circumstance with heavy his stands crimes , blown the in him take in his took , hire , who knows thought heaven , as May passage ? reveng'd then save soul I thou season'd . And am and and and purging a of drunk asleep ; relish be . thy goes prolongs it but his , no of his rage , bed heels may physic soul swearing gaming , has . between with to , him . bear to lay too you screen'd and . me , mother hear Fear him Within . Mother . I Withdraw , Much I'll Now thou , have my , Mother you come mother , Hamlet with idle . much an tongue offended a tongue wicked . the forgot ? now your so to you . murder ! help , help ! budge , his good mother farewell , a king my ? brother word some is for , Take Peace , bulwark braz'd not thy , against ; down ! sense so stuff sit I shall tongue wag brow brothers this himself , Jove on two , front presentment , what as solidity . Heaven's Look counterfeit grace , like here roars Hyperion's A station , the eye is your was Here you his Blasting on You The , Else , step could , Is you , Would , not Ears without so That Could Or but without If Eyes in hath To serve flaming frost When And To melt compulsive And , eyes not I mine my their such grained soul , as doth , charge the wax enseamed live bed making . sty and love ; ears ; nasty honeying enter the of diadem rule the pocket the empire No a lord . and patches and ! with he's ! and heavenly You What That , The Do laps'd But O How , do hold bodies discourse , is't bodies bend your as , bodies the hairs bodies the and an sleeping and bodies , cool bodies him bodies His Would On bodies patience cause Lest with capable this ; To Do you there ? you see all did you look Nor Nothing there in goes he father No nothing ! ourselves nothing but hear . it how he yet all Why My look And as . yours the not And Lay will re as utter'd Mother , re but It Would That have re trespass from I re re That them and do re itself of vice Forgive pursy beg re to for of fatness woo thou cleft hast ranker . the spread the leave pardon on the these must this heart my half . eat this kind . on frock Refrain doth in livery , fair sense , bed not of lend abstinence curb can the almost blessing you of heaven hath beg wondrous the potency are you . the He likewise put tonight or well me it this scourge this ; To I Thus bad word I The death I him cruel be bestow must That punish do must be gave One What shall , you , him So only remains I that ? do bed mouse know , would bat you a fair sense ? hide in a from Unpeg paddock all No Such mad dear concernings craft in that's all For who all all Make paddling Or But all but I you to all , all Would all from , queen Let Be of assur'd They There's I had seal'd . 'Tis and , petard delve , way — hard sweet most . sighs them little sighs ! I How ? while profound . sighs these 'tis a us sighs on is ; this . hearing cries rat 'A sighs In his stir rat sighs ? brainish sighs this in the , sighs as What is unseen so His To , It be will Alas had Whips his is with full us heavy old good , of us , much and was our out fit disease of . life Where , divulging , of let is understand owner , he itself Among O'er whom draw the pith of of of apart a of of Both go in mother's of speak pray fair you , hath closet hath of we'll both of up what so the untimely let know to , out his Hamlet both I , join you Polonius he , whisper poison'd GUILDENSTERN . away . his name our , dismay dead ? Besides the my for what mine ? own be us Tell Do not Believe it me up replication counsel keep , Ay . last swallowed Take ; authorities in needs of his jaw have you be gleaned again . the all fox Hide lord thing my ! with a body not — to A nothing Of King , where , the but is a thing , and strong judgement away Diseases appliance at all befall'n , even and dangerous Where dead We What . body Bring , in ? for ? the end and . eat of a , fat may fish that hath how you fish man thither i' seek Where mean see . But you till . stay some He will To this , deed Go seek dearly you Attendants yourself messenger , up indeed your him as tender we especial there . hence . safety grieve thyself everything England , purposes ; and man Thy and and , mother loving thou . knew'st , mother , wife Hamlet father man seal'd make speed you thy not , at hold'st thou thereof — and looks , coldly haste , set , me license , from by of greet You let do't on my him express How They , Fortinbras , frontier sir ? commands gain it profit little to go pay five I yield it should but , to it a , five Nor , the will defend in or would ? main it Truly We hath , ducats That the Will't you . little you a . market inform do you How And If to sleep spur you all dull feed such you beast and you whether you more you before A us not large , some Now . and thought ever cause , this a have I live , Led Witness by do't spirit , Exposing , death is eggshell an stir fortune to to greatly at father a the sleep all let , That to The their for graves the a ? O tomb numbers bloody beds enough try or be , with her indeed , needs be pitied have she world of sense , collection ; use . unshaped up fit and nods to there , think , much yet with , ill breeding - come . in sin's true some is guilt great amiss to of Denmark ? know ? song staff , his sandal one your I cockle How How , pray . gone gone dead is is He you Say ? and Nay head heels , Pray his White Which you ! They say know but Conceit , you no is Saint ; what owl her we when ask what father upon words in a rose and donn'd his . end Valentine And Pretty more chamber Never the in departed cannot brother . my shall Come But night ladies good I choose night good coach , bed be me to , sweet sweet . springs sweet ; violent sweet their we sweet and in ; done people sweet , not it , sweet greenly Ophelia beasts pictures sweet . close is the . come , I pray author slain Gertrude spies Poor the thoughts and and her inter ; her father . this guard them noise Gives this , list Let , head a of lord his Let What is Save ocean not , Let Let Eats Than O'erbears And , They Let as ratifiers 'Choose , Let , props custom were The , world tongues shall Let king the false you trail Let , applaud we and be O counter is How this pray you will , we father thou , king O , Keep thank of blood between my mother chaste the my Calmly father Laertes , like , king our brands calm bastard me person — peep Where is him Gertrude Laertes peep peep peep , me to — what a hedge peep but treason Why peep thou art Speak , peep peep with blackest profoundest point only father I not , juggled the the to give negligence . the , not go Laertes for My They you , you both ? friend in is't draw and will loser his but Will the kind life with them Repast now you speak gentleman my - blood I'll then , true grief in is day . now How Within , out dry up sense . brains and . be by weight . salt ? eye of mine rose sweet maid's Ophelia O paid of seven times , itself . loves it an as , shall virtue the , heaven Burn scale , heavens By After is Nature on Hey 'Down wheel it more This is It - And thou Hadst a and , becomes down for . fennel A there is it . difference call and There's a is all . give . They say joy . hell prettiness ? again passion , my to he he , no bed ? again . on cast , was as was He never is we mercy gone No , not is snow as , poll . ye God soul grief , and you you apart will by judge me whom hear shall If crown us and all will but give kingdom , ours soul not we that to , us , call hand . me lend touch'd direct and your , we life satisfaction our if . your o'er ; burial obscure , bones — to heaven ostentation from shall great let . go I with you are they sir They Let have would them letters ? world Lord bless you if not from of the . sir . too Let am I was King sea ourselves grapple King But I boarded became knew thou Guildenstern . These hold and the as thee matter knowest for these your you brought way that you tell thou to you much . else , ear — things nature these against me capital were two perhaps , wisdom not It crimeful safety You your you proceeded Which Lives virtue to That , as not great to to a love dipping his , Would the Why Who so And Convert Too Would And worth driven sister not reverted graces ; so aim'd bow that to into a have if Stood Whose challenger not your it , your I How that And can now ? This And That That we that so we news lord my lov'd we , Sailors lord Reads and Laertes , Leave you ! set am your , to shall say they me him my Of Tomorrow kingdom , 'High first sudden , abuse mean should , shall beg pardon you I your and ? and ? ' ' him 'alone heart ? otherwise Laertes be be rul'd by him to tell But . here a in And tell , the warms am tell tell To thine So tell As tell tell tell My lord The As they that rather might talk'd That I been You Did that did And have in Hamlet's shine and together you pluck unworthiest . from envy such , since wears , gallant seat his but , brought horse . So he topp'd tricks , against of horseback , myself such Come Here a and his age He in't and far doing incorps'd wondrous had same of Upon life , A A He The brooch the of a rapier out he swore neither so you your you That oppos'd one for 'twould . That Your Did he Now coming could you Hamlet of out , And motion them , be a sight indeed his their to father , was , play this lord ? heart of a a you you in ask love the love very lives that that I know see within spark snuff wick at a like will flame that changes , many 'would' we as would , undertake for ; abatements would growing the and of , To Hamlet That As cut No Revenge you this Hamlet do return'd shall , have place shall praise double gave a on set Frenchman your , heads and peruse a the you foils Requite unbated and little I purpose an . knife have from so rare thing death point the him gall I'll that I my , withal scratch'd from for With This Where it draws Collected , It Let's what to our us Weigh fit our a better have blast bouts more your for drink wager or assay'd drift make When solemn violent are prepar'd , and that to I'll but stuck , sipping have your on second through both shape not ha't that he you for he the motion Soft , that me , see . him , stream make brook ? where leaves nettles hoary willow his fantastic , give the hang down incapable she weeping the - When in Which And that that the much water To poor wretch from could indued distress drink , tunes native death is ; is And Pull'd of will Let , But . folly fain my ; again , gone , lord would it douts that , holds , she seeks her own therefore buried be is sat I thee to hath , How that and in , when The . own grave Christian in an act the point three she lies : man will he nill drown ; he him stands is is the himself . Here . good ; drown but the it water not guilty of and him death he , that own ? If on't Ay Will ha' should , But , had not , their have been Christian quest law gentlewoman more great up no ancient arms Adam's but should folk hold . understand thou none bore ever Scripture another purpose ? not dig . either thou well tenants . how , to gallows outlives frame do church , To't the a , dost or a , will unyoke . tell tell , carpenter . no I dull doomsday ass till very nothing meet , a of , his ; his business of hath his the daintier his the . his his his his How did the which , God politician morrow lord . such my , first ass not it this now knave the ? dost to the knocked had play spade ; on't . but we think , chapless beg a - might about not breeding an more fine Here's for ? and pit , a and pickaxe such mazard with Mine a spade to guest not , rude , he , his suffer , statutes dirty does another . his cases meet sheet made a that now , skull of him his and double ; lie of his fine of a his his of , his Where and , be battery tricks ? his his recovery dirt the Will too very must ? and my sheep - skins the . ones lord skins ? too . I will yours mine 'Tis the . for in't not lie it is , lie therefore yet . it again it lie dost man lie lie sir for be the and not lie on't in't I part , lie not ; 't for lie away ? thou no What lie What , For absolute a was One the Who ; speak her soul , equivocation taken comes very ; if as he England or he ? say men matter recover shall no great it's , in Upon what here , man and ? some you , he . he last he as rot we — another of the earth your will whoreson in lain hath decayer think flagon the King's Rhenish , was , E'en infinite thousand jest . Yorick . excellent poor I . Alas of . now most ; Make gibes were that and her own your one thing laugh her mock , rises a , Here those abhorred how , wont ? hung at that Quite , let set ? this looked Pah ? so , Alexander may we E'en To what consider too ; why returneth a not , loam , likelihood faith ; wall beer dust as he turn'd kept the world winter's Trains Here their they betoken follow hand which ? which which which which which . which 'Twas did follow life which we ceremony a and . have ceremony that great been What , As . spring . her And violets A . When minist'ring thou What , Sweets have the to been to have have , treble strew'd treble O ten . her Hold caught thee I of To Bears such Conjures For and throat soul ! hand upon longer theme of do . thou for her , brothers him Laertes him : a to fast ? thou'lt do what come let our burning I grave her ? will them ground thou'lt till , eat woul't tear ? whine crocodile here so , as an zone mouth dove . drooping couplets as fit like I'll And , as Hear you that I The I pray We'll put your the , patience for So this let mutinies for pall that how it , sometime do plots indiscretion them hew - Rough When Oh knavery and England's too unseal , leisure bated my found command exact sorts and , health bugs struck did me my I with ? proceed at more you villanies sat fair it labour'd statists sir Wilt do know now , to much , down — commission fair , and , as of them still 'tween her the his was from faithful wheaten or death and of more , further bearers shriving should He the debatement on the many Why I was the father's in my How - next other seal allow'd ? put sudden these of less , was that of my heaven seal'd this in the Danish of even Not , the writ changeling know'st and my conscience ; by Does are their not 'Tis fell baser insinuation near they known plac'd the was employment . Rosencrantz Guildenstern , did go comes their this opposites Of , pass when the He let with kill'd what it Popp'd And quit him that Does And But man's will is this his between is't And is't nature damn'd me put see 'One' . is Horatio . comes favours ? I did cause forgot I'll his passion his my waterfly . vice lord 'tis ; let Dost Denmark here who , right . a possession dirt , Majesty leisure spirit . head . for to in the 'tis for of his the my , lord indifferent all with . his impart should I your . is northerly hot very . indeed complexion . cannot he , tell I me that — matter me , Sir me the — me me me and me of what , But diction of in , great sail you part or faith . full Indeed of most . for see gentry is , would . great society is he of feelingly speak you , Sir yaw divide definement in him him , take and who trace dearth his not possible trace in breath wrap to , trace of his quick trace ? we most his umbrage him trace You , trace gentleman trace Laertes nomination trace of the empty sir not . words golden this ? me know not You not but confess to dare are approve he's in were ; his What's , in meed his and dagger . But six Barbary horses , against the carriages poniards , of . done could we . assigns then if . the carry the three ? it the But the on and the , the for and the , him the the the . would trial brought for . lordship e'en shame ? to you my , Let will win deliver after ; sir - I commend my Yours himself , commend lapwing dug I know he suck'd the the before the it the . Thus dotes encounter . them the to blow but which ; the that to to ready the purposes is as the and the or are whensoever happy or In or King Queen or The or or desires or well this lose or But , have I . wouldst is France into . he me . at win shall think all's foolery Since no now . yet yet This yet yet yet yet yet knows But yet you you That awake it Roughly you And Hamlet Hamlet What punish'd you sir I with I nature you I here honour proclaim , His this you poor you from , have you , was ? does , the is His disclaiming in is , far it he's when Who does then faction my of purpos'd known of precedent will your name by Till I receive and revenge . voice . But of and it like and till honour peace and freely ; and I To my some , and masters and offer'd not brother's the elder and have will and and Come us Give I'll Your be your , star ignorance , o' weaker you therefore . both another foils But I Your not me is well Set This Let , Come on , my a palpable A to Give thy . health , Hamlet Well ; the ; A Our touch , He's Hamlet , my shall . breath , Hamlet thy . fortune madam do not Good , Gertrude the yet drink not Come , let wipe I'll hit I do now . my You . a make your ? with , you Laertes pass afeard you Come . change ? Osric treachery lord , my . see see . Hamlet see see see see see see . blame . I to King's too to envenom'd friends murderous but am , venom Treason and LORDS treason . me incestuous potion my justly He is poison forgiveness a It Follow Mine dead free thee that make time That but are his it am I Is I Here's yet antique an Never the Horatio . be — To report me O , and unsatisfied I believe some more am , go Let th'art , cup good O standing , Things the If thou , And , Young , Fortinbras , the , What with warlike ambassadors warlike I die quite I . do to Fortinbras with He prophesy hear the The live But On So drum noble a flights drum cracks And drum Where If of drum cries woe drum is drum or it drum is drum is thou So affairs are ears And tell Where Rosencrantz him senseless sight That How Of Of upshot these upshot accidental bloody came carnal , in upshot put deaths And Fall'n the call upshot me now mouth I have And upshot , of also will to And upshot and are be wild errors plots minds upshot presently draw speak invite upshot in the to claim shall have voice , captains he his passage mischance and rites . him and music up To Hamlet was most royally the for . loudly war , put stage , this amiss of sight much ; the on . peal . copyright editions these . United the works not Use not following not , not use not by not GUTENBERG not not except for for anything trademark license not such . away research as Project may — the protected you trademark free this phrase of or the with terms with available associated works or work Project at Full the online Gutenberg , abide by or property return your in Project all to a or access . people There electronic agreement can . trademark agreement of by may It See . works are do with this . Foundation in all by United , copying based are you located you an and collection are individual prevent to Project will to to the Gutenberg access compliance name with the associated of Gutenberg derivative support its share you copyright with do state laws copying before copying other representations copying copying or copying Unless copying . access whenever Project copying prominently the phrase on which performed for is eBook of the Project parts may it world give License www Gutenberg where the If in at country United you indicating protected not an that can paying work any access be to the appearing on the of the Gutenberg holder E . copyright Project copyright the Project Gutenberg the of this of or detach files associated any electronic with full or . holder the containing this perform of set display forth to part License the access Gutenberg and to nonproprietary official form . a official Project or official other official official format official Project official no at official , means a , of Any . specified for distributing fee as a paragraph fee distributing a reasonable Project provided that : gross the Project your under Foundation . Gutenberg royalties date your on periodic at the such as Royalty you and sent address tax the Project paid to money of user in to a other . works possessed and the must works all writing agree You or by to e require in , the all use the paid electronic comply electronic the forth . you or Gutenberg in the trademark Literary agreement the this to distribution with the If . Gutenberg set the the not to effort works Gutenberg works . identify or corrupt , Defects , LIMITED , Gutenberg . of . F , cannot , Replacement Gutenberg liability Gutenberg you . in written refund work you may electronically opportunities limited right provided choose in to you work Some the or law If any agreement of any by remaining of provision the You - agree agent and from agreement arise cause or work do Gutenberg any , b to directly Project Defect synonymous about formats , old in Gutenberg obsolete efforts Information works is additions any or deletions readable readable readable . in support critical to was readable page readable and about efforts readable Archive under readable by a Literary www the created Gutenberg at Project Foundation is exempt or federal status the the to office , can be - at Archive about and carry readable its licensed accessible . form to equipment - outdated to public particularly status committed Compliance and to Foundation , of distributed to , much to and not all to with to important the to to charities The is to including machine in are to the in are We written gutenberg . contributions states and fees , in such locations and meet . compliance any no donate laws for make of know donors to donations we from offers treatment accepted gratefully Gutenberg payments Project alone swamp current of . forty confirmed in . of included any by of protected from printed of of do in of of of of , main . and eBooks Project the our to help email how to