, me . Stand there Who's . King and ? Francisco ? a had you Not And relief twelve am much I mouse bid and haste ? is , Horatio watch Who make Marcellus good them meet my rivals The I farewell , Say Welcome A . Holla , who hath night . is Barnardo , has , what , there . piece Welcome him thing not dreaded have this it , tush approve if belief twice and speak appear to entreated of apparition . story . our against nights When so are And That let , night that's of all from this , down sit hear Well we two we , fortified Barnardo and — it where Look . part What And of Last beating thee Where his now yond same Peace course heaven of that t'illume then the . Horatio . Mark Horatio this warlike and fear to and that with it Denmark charge . harrows would that ? heaven . night of By thou it . thee buried speak form fair I ! away . pale fantasy ! will ! See offended stalks not ! think on't ? this ! tremble you to ! the was art thyself like : combated the had ! eyes and might own armour thou Is ! my this Of When Such Before it he in once Without mine ; the on Norway on and hath work of and watch tell eruption he gone strange down same , me knows , task ; the sweaty that shipwrights impress such why daily toils strict thought particular to I know scope this So Why might Who divide - that the even whisper now so I ? us of , valiant by goes . to a esteem'd who our side slay combat , Did For Thereto At image ; a but compact , Norway world and of seiz'd with Well Dar'd to the he fell Of the Hamlet skirts of inheritance ratified his life ; which to , by . in Hath Had carriage vanquisher our by Against Was up and diet strong , Norway , of of list stomach food Shark'd To the , a moiety the hot lawless full , a For And the of source Of haste watch those I it take preparations of . compulsatory father his recover well And , appear this and question the e'en other As mote palmy ere the In I post this - A stars As the preceding precurse doomsday the mind's Rome , fell streets of events on demonstrated countrymen the fierce stands moist sheeted ; fates . illusion ! it together omen ; fire like even sick whose in the Was And , cross , But soft Have do to it Speak good . use , fate me , blast heaven grace , again , comes of . where , life ! death thy in thy may , done . thing sound thee to , treasure , foreknowing ! spirits speak partisan , the and Marcellus will 'Tis my ! here 'Tis Do I , Upon speak blows the do And a , And then it to fearful is and like his , or sea god with about our To We offer it it was , in , cock the Whether , The Wherein of , that the present dawning , season no wholesome , abroad , strike to , charm power time then spirit gracious so nor , 'gainst our they , And No fairy have look and birth the . herein probation singeth , morn of up impart us we o'er heard dew yon in ; comes ; is high mantle part young , you Unto do witch takes But So So spirit Let's we As Let , and to our Hamlet what , watch consent in I Where Though of that our grief in contracted in , and Voltemand Lords be find this . death yet our bear Therefore Have Th'imperial auspicious with delight gone barr'd dole dropping a this sister scale wife With to better . you that along wisdoms , For funeral a weak which all and marriage , dirge young brother's and disjoint this fail'd thinking this nor Now equal one With In Taken Your follows our Now To Norway , for most ourself to be with Colleagued state Or to of out message brother for this . dream our not by his of the He Lost Who Of this his gait , his Cornelius , personal dispatch scope to further King subject good : Voltemand old greeting lists For Giving with will . the . your allow , no that scarcely Fortinbras hears suppress to rid - nephew's and proportions ; to Farewell , Laertes nothing of are duty our , all here you we , commend VOLTEMAND and haste farewell news : suit reason What is't beg thy the , Laertes ? Dane with you ; France , done came duty , asking ? father of thou , to mouth heart to thy not , coronation Denmark Laertes to the I again , willingly to return me ; petition I my hard from at go consent last my give him to ? What leave France , Laertes , your , my father's leave and says ? on vailed a thy am like with all noble in the dust the on less and Hamlet cousin , A How so my little Passing madam is it , it , it my windy customary alone know'st Ay be with common thee , eye , of the in breath the of inky , seems Why , madam not That denote that the a These show passeth man woe , Hamlet father term unmanly obstinate your heart A what For your As know understanding In and sweet To your A your It your your Take Of An should ? Fie vulgar our to and a be must we shows simple unschool'd ; opposition , most the heart the any peevish , heaven common whose who We pray to the for ; you toward going I that You of a As Than we in chiefest not Here Our It impart no And In is beseech And I all a ourself as come madam , her not our again the drinks grace Denmark , loving a accord to shall thee thy Let best ; go you ; reply . away flesh , whereof of Madam Hamlet unforc'd . fair , in shall . my health great No Thaw , that too ; shall would a heaven not God and flat thunder rouse King's But cannon speaking resolve itself solid and That two a months on't to to it So to he Hyperion Possess But it Must I As if remember might too ? her By it Visit That it Fie How me stale fie all the uses it of come , garden unweeded an things , not that loving it the ! it not — it woman even of that . those she discourse with my father Frailty a tears , Frailty , mine , were is month Frailty her in married a — Frailty I incestuous speed eyes reason Frailty she month Frailty , sheets to ! lordship am , such nor for wicked cannot my you see your come to to Horatio And what I'll very A you lord ? Wittenberg name my that good with , you ; from you good lord . my your my your even . ear enemy disposition truant , came mock was shall make what to see student . truant father's , the that me , to teach We'll My me Or me ever had Did me I Would me Horatio , lord me I in again a . goodly . was him Who , My lord The your This these till for may their , the - Armed Marcellus nights together had these . gentlemen you to , I , on walk'd your - with : thrice did made true thing they had deliver'd third with and - whilst the , good ; we where this not I word ? platform where more was you lord it head it My My then vanish'd my it , in . duty tonight . this of lord . strange very 'tis our down writ BARNARDO my my to lord top From My Both lord do and lord head saw his up his frowningly ? beaver he lord Then my more in not A Pale Nay ? What , yes O And fix'd very his , or in eyes had . Stay'd tell . hundred it saw't grizzled . longer I beard was have A will watch tonight ; it you walk it when Longer , no ? his 'twill it hitherto . hell to If was Let If platform I'll Our will Give speak have be an understanding . visit your And loves father's sit as in soul earth , the all then doubt the honour , to duty foul Till I Though and it A Hold Hamlet , fashion , permanent and doubt the you , assistant winds not . his in more suppliance the primy a , No so of sweet of ? not The mind , not the of ; perfume , nature as grow temple and you soul this but it crescent Perhaps cautel loves soil will ; but is to The Grows Then the main what Than May As give too deed Then and voice sanctity may not your voice in . so ; of with Fear your . no act if yielding of to ear lose If Or Out And he saying loss dear the strokes . importunity unmaster'd , you of If Ophelia his heart To , it and shot in The chariest her infants safety though . youth , spring : enough ; of desire affection lesson my , heaven to good do brother keep most liquid be else But reckless libertine dalliance and thorny near . fear , of ungracious treads , double here But a leave ; father . rede way pastors . comes my . not . long blessing aboard of , you , sail , thy blessing my , no tongue thy ; station : thee of steel unfledg'd ; th'opposed to new Of every - do not hatch'd ear but not . Beware in being , buy , the rank : and man gaudy oft nor edge own chief : husbandry lender night day true friend and itself the ; rich . man thee lord any . go ; you , I , and . servants well your Ophelia is't he Farewell . it to remember have in yourself What my . What something hath to key keep memory Hamlet . truth tenders . call ? them should yourself , lord thus ta'en his such I'll know you not That Which he honourable it may , you'll a fashion In the tenders poor , lord . know go importun'd love my go countenance vows more When hath fashion My With blood burns catch almost , And not , as fire maiden From . at parley your scanter Set Be You , Ay Ay their springes : his woodcocks how , this that him in much command heat , promise a - come talk I terms implorators larger . he higher a entreatments tether In for their is unholy This , moment your . Hamlet time : obey shall and it is very lord any this forth , air ; I ; Indeed ; I ? and tonight my the ; trumpet takes - as The And Keeps No , it It does What King The the spirit mean , wake , wassail he this . down bray though though ? am is though indeed tax'd , and it wherein for birth his though , though though : phrase though , complexion that of the , Nature's Oft by some say , Or From His noble Fortune's evil doubt a of the all , Angels that scandal , grace of with virtues Being Shall Doth Look To dead again Revisit'st , Wherein Why Have Hath thee cast horridly thou burst we speak , King With thoughts night glimpses glimpses glimpses waves glimpses do you with it To some you to glimpses As glimpses But It No , by no . follow do it as it , that to . immortal the sea cliff , the again of of flood itself fear ? it brain into very draw Which And madness sovereignty of sea It , I'll me it hears And waves . Think ? your deprive you The That puts desperation every fathoms Without more makes the cries fate hands your I I'll Still My Nemean lion's . him come follow him of ? me thee . flames , My hour . come but render up almost , lend unfold tormenting and sulph'rous to Must I ghost ! to thou . shalt , forbid am of , night , fires nature , blood word from part end , murder . list ! is ; and , strange sweep or the thoughts meditation to foul O and most ! wharf , orchard unnatural apt than on . thee ; the . love of , my ear noble ! death life , of thou thy . crown sting serpent by , O Now that but ; this Lethe of that in in itself Mine my a in whole father's youth lust the gifts beast adulterate ! those I on to itself But soft be scent But Brief in Upon custom me With juice the of So Upon it radiant angel bed morning the a in Sleeping always Will , lewdness curd The And an swift natural The as quicksilver blood ears of distilment such Holds Thus I All sleeping crown was Most - And That , Cut , the of disappointed but sent on , to my ! unanel'd my sin ; not . incest damned and pursu'st royal bed of , Denmark act let nor ; that thorns aught . the matin to thee uneffectual , at to soul be it imperfections Let mother thy her sting thy not those and to for A howsoever mind , to . earth instant ? a thee old , What ! And host Unmix'd . villain , O tables is it may set it word ! to . ' . my him . me ! my , No Not How ne'er But There's Ay needs Why no To I fit desire that , it , right business every For as ; you — for . grave : you right i' are and poor , my heartily ; I'll , tell my they Yes you and no to . too And ? lord will seen make What Never My known , we will MARCELLUS what HORATIO not . We and not , you , my , sword Swear the under Cries , sayst so thou Art you boy ha , this by of my that oath the speak et Hic Beneath ? Swear hear , my Swear ground . heard have our And to Then , lay Come Never , work good , welcome this my again gentlemen hither old night your in a but stranger heaven , But help , or put odd To That you Here an never and O There , arms , times thus as are And in wondrous . Horatio give and philosophy so shall — myself meet think bear seeing or hereafter me on disposition this 'There giving of and mercy aught such know' speak' to Or 'Well 'If , know Or ambiguous . Swear ; or pronouncing list , Or we you So God May And grace do what my . gentlemen ; together , in I spite , come your and . spirit I do . Let us , notes lord and money Give I will , Before you You Of him , marvellous him wisely my , do visit said how Enquire What this encompassment son drift come , and , and question , Paris Look . make good , Reynaldo ? well demands ; demands him demands rank on wild demands demands friends demands , usual ; him , such ; and youth To , or drabbing fencing ; quaintly so fiery of season may put is but the of blood , taints a general and flash savageness unreclaimed lord outbreak in liberty ; incontinency ; the it in breathe seem The That's That they may : meaning , you you believe I And As Wherefore , a drift of you here's is you you you slight little my sullies soil'd you guilty 'friend country , addition phrase , sir What does And , At was He At I , in , consequence' something say ' . the ? lord good Very the so then — the him yesterday the in you saw I At mass the Or , bait the a There Your saw him do thus the the brothel or such , and , you truth , See . of perchance ; now . not you . yourself . I Ophelia now my With Hamlet , as , his down his he , horrors been - doublet knocking out before gyved , have the so been with and shirt for As of he had I , To not know said thy My , look his foul'd , each in to ankle hell of , knees a I o'er length such . thus of ? me and mine of piteous and he arm , stay'd me their his done to thus seem rais'd And He his — would thrice That , For He , you as any of , seek of I undertakings am heaven fordoes to natures our afflict good my I did have does leads the access That better him me . did jealousy judgement words late command did sorry ? mad heed and and my age , trifle ! we hate , for ourselves seems To had I quoted him . I fear'd as the go . proper our opinions , love move see to so call man to provoke to long Rosencrantz and nor . days his to youth here and your to pleasures in and that him thus gather companies court to afflicts our , with to himself ; th'exterior father's being And since cannot So Whether much Some you young so I much from , entreat you may by you our remedy to glean rest time vouchsafe To Your time fits a king's profit gentry of remembrance have time , please living command , time in at , thanks such time hope us time gentle time and I Thanks too Go instantly the feet . both obey We And here lay To much bring make Ay my and changed son where , And these our . Norway hast Are been Pleasant , liege , lord , of sure so else or trail to do to that lunacy I . brain good of father lord my hold As it not the cause do Hamlet's th'ambassadors great in grace Both to think hath I do us'd policy The of Give shall be of , first them the news me tells it no and to he them . hath main . him marriage Norway o'erhasty my , our Say , shall ! arrests obeys , out his brief and before which against his his his Through That his his his your dominions regards for us upon well - at consider'd are of read together . this likes this allowance , took time madam This , you , we think night your Meantime Why day Were I will Therefore call , with to ; brevity waste night , of . madness go nothing But use son , soul outward define that wit . remains art , And use foolish true . mad but ? 'tis figure at . of this this no pity More Hath celestial and me , vile idol is Ophelia Perpend defect , the . phrase and Now whilst ; hear most and obedience , a : phrase ill an this 'beautified' Hamlet I ? mark , it Adieu . not art reckon , be her love . believe have , daughter by his whilst most best machine I . move doth lady Doubt that the , and to numbers be , think , think what this . hot must the wing , do hath by more fell And time means tell me told daughter my If I of your or what on that you , love it the this think you Or play'd desk I And lock ' Hamlet given dear my so prove had had As my young . took , then no my a into short tokens , idle dumb book think queen table a mistress she Or a should must not This What Which , a , thence into a make advice . her , his star raves . declension ? know ''Tis I'd very this it a been Hath such When I for think we you be he this , wail wherein by indeed will , otherwise I I me I find further . four I Where I Not that if I , from this I You I At such And the and I If from assistant and , together the it . for his a will But We , not thereon , me reading my , are You - does my Lord . Do you , know Well him board How my - mercy a . picked good being a kissing — dog my dead , very this as honest to , so would Then Conception Friend ? in That's , have I Have daughter a her you speak in he ? breed sun the walk this I'll my Words the , read , is Between matter , words ; by And beards their that are plentiful eyes . my lord matter says slave that , satirical and which not old go be , yet there method in't , have , honesty am it amber men of powerfully . thus wit old that wrinkled backward have most like if a though I lack ? reason . you crab — madness o' prosperously often . seek . Polonius the These You To to go most friends excellent My dost indifferent . Good lord dear How children over the lord . or parts secret you live my most ? grown true . is , my , honest not prison . deserved at the question ? friends you . more , world's news , near . particular Then that sends Prison she you Fortune nothing a my it in so many th' confines o' it could space , bounded makes think , you is merely ambition for the very dream . mind myself dreams I , not nutshell are not your then then I ambition of me 'tis a it but so shadow's shadow a , and a ; a shadow . a and by GUILDENSTERN . For court . I ; servants for But . attended . I Were thank you you Elsinore ? sent , Come nay come Come ? in lord am you make no thanks too poor dear it inclining thanks , we looks your What with , say . the know me . let me end . of consonancy what the I kind , anything it Is of . to in To - you enough to direct fellowship preserved , be and and we direct , were moult and direct I no my mirth , discovery direct with , all shall so ; why My lord direct off Queen to me direct a this my forgone , heavily so lost an then will your late in faculties like firmament . world ? than me work the , King anticipation my goes seems roof man express foul , apprehension , form is canopy excellent What . to , noble you golden fire ; the : god a like to and and with how admirable in ; me And a this , receive laugh lord of My you then delights moving and in by you stuff how there , Why players the the He of lady make her . have tribute ; verse th' in the , man use welcome to We if are knight , those shall be you humorous whose players take Their whose in both they the — in residence whose . whose the ? late innovation whose Are city the of means was chances those Even whose were I the it they inhibition better both when did by the ? No same How in eyases clapped , it the keeps children of are their Do the the they ? indeed so the followed they they Do for't — goose the berattle rapiers afraid tyrannically little , aerie , if children of they and stages wonted that so they , if their like the quality should means much to both their — common writers ? How ? as they Will are no to they can . sides succession their money away uncle my strange , that not make mouths Ay is , fifty there carry carry Do , they ; at hundred ducats my Hercules carry much philosophy little . natural lived carry carry carry than if carry hands players . The must find , could , players the father . mad fairly outward my welcome , is you are Gentlemen are of welcome my north you Guildenstern , second see he's prophesy will there hawk : time and to baby , Happily is not yet come tell them comes , have The Buzz each my Roscius tell . actor history or for the . poem ass , light men hadst , passing , loved O writ - comical Jephthah cannot - historical Seneca tragical . unlimited law of judge of . These lord no my what a , fair The What treasure had on right I that love ? you show . see glad is For . comes abridgement . thou , row What the , welcome good , last mistress welcome . We'll be , the gold e'en speech straight . not , a , it was passionate ? but lord French within like Come my , speech remember I of received mine an modesty — as with top — lines to million others if falconers , give never pleased , much the make indite thereabout method , me it and in phrase Dido it called handsome more , remember loved by , where begin It rugged is his couched and is fathers he parching , resemble smear'd coagulate carbuncles in and the gules proceed grandsire like o'ersized a mothers . gules vile and To 'Fore , gules spoken Anon lord gules So impasted Roasted the more heraldry gules , horridly trick'd daughters , With gules with with thus at , and Rebellious well , accent , falls antique good . of in command , Old feel ear and blow falls drives the father declining i' th'air to stick with his Priam to whiff seem'd , stood and tyrant the For . to reverend to base , sword ; top a . his . fell his on matter sword head . below will storm crash , pause , Now And hush as , as a see speechless death we neutral like But bold winds And anon so region armour , Priam bleeding power wheel , you sword Fortune ! and remorse , heavens the in Doth rend sets ; the him did on down nave round As spokes synod thou Aroused never Mars's And , Break the Say on come of Hecuba . That's barefoot up rheum . down queen' A queen' mobled 'The good With Run , clout , of gods 'Gainst But burst instant Where About bisson the lank A Who blanket her diadem seen had mincing with saw themselves sword if the his milch not have . I'll you they speak more . in's Good — of husband's malicious her . heaven , passion And well , death bodikin well will should deserve they man lord report while you to according them . a need . you hear Can , You . night ha't me hear Follow thou Dost We'll dozen not till Rosencrantz . are look insert not mock not not . not . not I'll Now not of not . nothing for whole And he What the with amaze horrid stage for drown cue ? Hecuba , conceit For or ? ears of my a cause peak , passion to , a for Yet indeed , free and , and eyes unpregnant I my in pate most , muddy and property and villain me defeat made , gives blows breaks me ? lungs beard my damn'd Upon bitter bitter , take liver'd bitter , or villain bitter ! Foh bitter have at of scene play a upon't sitting bitter . looks father my of I'll tongue , players melancholy hath I he but these , will ; speak have the spirit If that devil I'll quick . The , weakness with such I'll this . me and , perhaps on drift of speak , aloof to Of true receive he Did we his bring what he feels find much him with would Niggard you forcing a you keeps him told pastime that . question Did , of disposition ? well . order him ; play are about . me beseech'd And night seem did , true , think as hear To doth and he Good This of in to already kind to ; him give . delights to to here may , hither to the see to my so father , have Sweet to be by thus shall , Hamlet accident leave us for , encounter as is seeing lawful ourselves their , no , unseen that may gather for Hamlet's Madam Of And That I . of We — wish do hope I Ophelia I , visage sugar . plastering the most with 'tis . cheek harlot's true ! to deed ugly , that smart Is a Your him lash prov'd , to ! be in of sea that fortune , to , sleep suffer to To a heart The And to No flesh ache by heir wish'd to dream . to , what , mortal There's the may respect , coil there's to : the 'tis sleep thousand troubles , life law's the man's the would might his unworthy scorns , death this off long , make and under something a life bourn , death , delay and , oppressor's dispriz'd of , after whose the not we will weary from puzzles rather make native their of regard enterprises lose Is And Be all Good lord sins Nymph . currents sicklied And I for I I for My for for for for As these them things ; poor There wax Take honour'd with lord you of know ; to prove Are , fair honest your the power of have your , your . your lordship your lord your honesty ? your commerce than your with transform honesty honesty of me cannot believe it more accuse . my them I me , crawling at could be ; of thou I more such all We them thoughts shut doors be Let dost If I'll give thee you house that Farewell Or if . sweet ! fool calumny marry . Be . marry make needs wilt too shalt . restore . it are they keep that married To a , nunnery ! tongue eye is of , mind as , live glass soldier's a scholar's fashion the , and of Those here and quite wretched and blown is see , reason vows , sword , state form down music harsh of and and noble madness , spake he what Thus set Haply This his of It From be the of he in for which danger I it fashion something With demand and objects matter shall expel , England puts beating still love My it mother , plac'd grief Let But heard from The shall Sprung To queen , her find him not , the entreat , you ? please , him she confine think ear to you players the had , trippingly , to me the air must tear it it avoid Herods - part such a . warrant Herod . own let to the of modesty , nature both , be groundlings , Termagant . Now laugh this and up anything special the at . mirror nature to end the for this whose , 'twere discretion action ; but to I speak gait age very , highly there own , her scorn must not your make or , overdone cannot , one players Christians and , men made , indifferently that of which that them , that to . most of barren quantity considered though is set the , in , laugh in How uses it , the hear my . work the a shows . that . just your Horatio , Here . withal I poor but , Why clothe no what Nay dear my sweet ho , flatter hope I , do revenue For advancement absurd . thy should from , choice , of Dost the pomp flatter'd nothing hast rewards thou For , suffers distinguish hinges the thou election her ? her that been man mingled blessed hear wear of my King of will - are those , guilt , heart my pipe for Give . father's - soul speech the before tonight she a judgement and blood Whose sound what they are comes stithy And with To not is I There One Even of thou thee mine a And It Vulcan's damned ghost that rivet will will to judgements . will the of , place a play to They march whilst If Rosencrantz How Hamlet and , others pay theft Ophelia whilst , whilst idle be the you Enter whilst the whilst lord , play'd whilst say you . My was and . this you chameleon's : crammed ; cannot cousin our of fares the answer me good ? i' killed Brutus . calf so a attractive mark ? lap your ? that your lord I , I ho here's ! O . King the No my my in lord lap . I think What is , to That's a fair I , my maker Ay my ? man months , a be but died merry father my my lord I'll not life months the two twice mother What looks jig ? there's , Nay let , then heavens a O hope by'r the lady sables , with on King a , and kneels , him returns , finds The with lament Queen The The is miching this show Belike Marry gifts . this We that they this tell show to are you are You brief clemency tragedy : our your to For beg lord gone with times and hands , and former be love sick of , distrust state moon late nothing , or . and you women's For That Discomfort love love great , the love siz'd is and lord your it Yet my , hath made doubts love , fair fear is are great littlest thee their , in , husband must be love Wormwood instances , of I let second O confound the treason be Aside let thrift husband think what now oft let second base A second believe do But Of let let Are But let To nor slender most ; lament destroy propose is . strange change . lose prove enemies of mark love shall not needs in And For And poor man love For That Grief joys own enactures revels joy 'tis great The But The Our who doth hollow him contrary , flies fortune ; tend enemy of own run , our none , dead . is , wed heaven , light hope prison from when wilt , end where I give well Both Meet If If pursue me I once here But die are to and Sport think thy , me opposite I and widow ever , be blanks have would cheer the 'Tis An anchor's mischance between thy The Sleep protests word offence no ? world offence she'll . but , O ? image his is a : no the , the . that play name , our free souls not . I are . puppets edge if unwrung . my my , my see keen dallying better keen your Thoughts faces mistake . you are You a , you , agreeing off take to groaning hands Still , and worse . bellow , leave revenge how story . infected seeing weeds property His . estate the love . very th'garden written the , is and i' ban King lord my rises . You name's ? fire Gonzago's Italian some Give Lights me light Away . play fares How Give o'er lights , All . lights ; runs a ; I . dear here , sir cry a share know of . one now pajock . rhymed Didst . Damon my ? word a pound . perdie , comedy . the ? poisoning . music it , not , you sir , The whole King with likes not . the choler of distempered , retirement , him , my lord , sir what Ay with to put , lord Your Queen you affliction of right . spirit , and purgation his to into into choler from , pronounce hath . to great sir am most . me it my such end mother's of and You courtesy , Sir pardon your make , you not me lord more , to answer wholesome you rather my . son wonderful Therefore no can Then to shall obey desires , that so mother , my , say — sequel hath behaviour a and amazement . bar go to there any stealers You to your further you bed ere . Have did pickers your deny cause your still were mother you , My by of . the voice ? the grass . To you why me , your the do surely ? you lack advancement the have for himself something musty do ? is love my drive grows , be well recover the me me duty see one — too upon too into , bold . that , do , I you not it music to I touch me lying you , these of a , But thumb cannot skill thing now ; you to my , played cannot ; be mystery can a would than sound from my me you instrument , voice upon My fret God Do By and would you lord the it , cloud that's like camel shape of . will me weasel camel . whale like Or will to Methinks like my I come . is By — I easily very , breathes hot day my . top by say by will ever friends mother night , to , as drink time the witching business blood none this she be unnatural not bosom my somever to cruel nature ; firm but enter not of me speak My tongue daggers words seals To I so terms to madness it consent . dispatch Therefore forthwith along doth safe not like let And he live from feed upon Majesty is your weal The cease doth and single all keep the The To That lives of upon peculiar and a of and bound mind gulf 'noyance That With What's King but boist'rous , general alone massy is , wheel a highest when it lesser Never , rest majesty draw mount things falls a . ruin , petty pray Which hear goes We too will closet mother's convey warrant Behind process arras going . said of nature Since speech I'll The And Thanks my It A Though inclination be as guilt stronger My And And Were Is But there My Or To ? to ? Of My ? Try ? to In But But But Bow O But Yet limed stubborn soft Art , But is There Even But give To ! can repentance . forehead ? it not cannot ? repent ! praying scann'd ; steel assay of , is that villain , of full as I of his then passage more in his No , his of save heaven thought , and mother . thy act rage some about kick damn'd as days , my rises it King without up thoughts never below lay home and be round with silence me and . between stood bear , here e'en with to him screen'd . an father hast have with with my Come , Go come Hamlet , question Why go , idle much , then , You would it set may you Queen , No Have forgot , not shall a of . you , down . Behind What go , I'll not ducat rat ! me I what O . know , what rash this thou Is Behind , O deed a kill and bloody bad As A 'twas 'twas 'twas To 'twas Polonius Ay to thy better busy . 'twas Peace Take . is for so stuff so 'twas rose , glow doth mass face religion . of an sets From Calls a as from words dicers' As A very The false the , this solidity compound act the the , act picture what two brow , command , kissing - and seem of a , brother fair . at tame ; for you that err : and Sense ; love it in ? humble have age ? eyes follows , it's judgement what to apoplex'd this have this ? sense thrall'd blind was't my grained very . soul spots burn charge matron's . Proclaim tinct love , more making enseamed sty me enter in more . Hamlet no of sweat there turn'st mine see In Stew'd O words A murderer a part ; daggers mine ears not is These nasty honeying and wings ! diadem ! your would o'er and with in , in , in by in ? in chide lets to in figure gracious mad and dread command . your visitation blunted thy on her her Hamlet weakest Conceit look between . in of laps'd time passion , on wildly vacancy the , her lady ? heat bedded , at Forth you and up patience and Start On him Lest form with — this stern them and on action how Whereon the eyes your bend do And And . preaching thy life like , cool stand an . Look cause , Upon him ! colour Nothing at all Do you see ? hear that perchance I have for ? it ! nothing ourselves his even , there did Nor No , you look , in goes father he as utter'd doth . test grace . speaks film but Is very the pulse And I Would have Whilst make For Virtue itself of , them for hast my pardon me Forgive . Lay gambol That It Infects your And spread beg good pursy weeds , him do to cleft worser But a Assume And cleft live . virtue , cleft Yea cleft cleft aptly is gives on cleft . The stamp ; night nature more next kind cleft put shall . Refrain . of change the almost I'll when potency are of repent blessing beg can you ; me , heaven you And And That to of easy , livery frock actions , him , One bad must gave with but be bestow I punish Let Or to in paddling you him by no King tempt more worse kind night : creep . basket the house's and do let , a , good in this fair bat top , breathe ? breath ? life me that ? know you and ? 'Tis . forgot had I Hoist They 'tis the to me marshal bear I one the delve will at man the This guts . good lug When I line moon crafts O , set the , most with . mother a most to Come Good sighs in must You translate these matter grave . prating fit . understand seen wind when How what ! heaves . tonight ! rat , man hearing sea Behind Mad What Gertrude have Hamlet and lord contend does , both lawless , kills ? be had deed us full is so had We would like mad kept be yourself liberty Alas you It been It short the from will His , to how restrain'd not draw Shows The itself apart of divulging a what . But so much he is foul . mineral . sooner majesty and Guildenstern deed Polonius from Friends Both We will sun both seek , bring this aid . body : slander , do o'er as cannon the both I hath you madness mother's pray closet with our must and skill ! the wisest , woundless poison'd Transports And My soul full air let level his what's so to shot of is whisper untimely the hit , dead . GUILDENSTERN and Hamlet Who Within ROSENCRANTZ Lord . may that believe Do 'tis And ? it , own body ? thence , whereto dust with the , Take ; authorities them Ay But an I , when last : you like swallowed squeezing , officers do the sponge in ? me should , the he jaw best countenance service , his you , speech you but a is not to ear . King thing foolish us the after The . a ! fox Hide , the . him law him multitude on find : eyes ! body loose even and is smooth all away him bear judgement are . pause Diseases lord guarded , lord , the dead Where Guildenstern , Ho Now know us your , to him At where , supper where's my lord , Polonius Hamlet , he Where ? this . worm of man all are e'en one fat politic Not fat may fish with that hath fed . a thou you you If But nose him i' Attendants . you come him Where to . month will . To within In For Hamlet this Send th'other see lobby him yourself . this do done Therefore and tend fiery which Which . send Hamlet Good purposes thou knew'st it our England for . them Thy that see My , flesh Father ; at it not foot him I'll seal'd and tonight . speed with , Come . have Tempt on th'affair , aught at done you sense may cicatrice thereof and . sovereign the great leans Away else ; my if , for in I know 'tis , full coldly ; rages imports — us to By death Till ne'er joys . to that effect , us begun my of hectic must thou , Go my me , Captain Howe'er march the license a know ; Majesty his And let do't on so rendezvous , would him , my know our his in express , Good They , whose of Norway , Fortinbras , sir ? no patch ? will in the . ground name Poland frontier with I , will ranker , five gain speak hath humbly much already question shows . without peace ! you sir . sir , market What inform ? Looking before that capability after . in oblivion us That he fust to three I To Sith A I by Led Examples and , gross with at dare , unsure event prince charge , How , then I mother a straw stain'd a blood , be and and exhort mass of and the is , an for Even without Whose Exposing To But not that without fortune to to in great to without shame argument , death without stir at Excitements for imminent their is slain O not the without without . worth time a for the I see . not , She i' speaks tricks Spurns much ; her at the her , good , yet ill - come in sin's to true great some as , prologue artless itself spills It So To sick breeding full toy Where Ophelia beauteous now should I sandal another cockle pray your his his this lady , song green a head ? By lady what dead is a and , turf stone grass Nay and gone . but as the shroud you Pray his White look Which you ! They , know what say no of we God a be ask , a dupp'd Never rose the out but : you at your window . morning the be And up he To I And Then Ophelia that , make Pretty maid , Alack Young , An will of hope Quoth she I would So all it her to weep ha' done to . she for of O come poison her her sorrows But just remove . they her most unwholesome . First ; in and Polonius' In own and we or fair her ; Thick For Divided from - son , father's the is this in , Of good much as from France these beasts but . judgement clouds . Gertrude beggar'd , dear my stick , of buzzers , secret come , this . this is noise them . more , were , of custom world young Eats O'erbears And Antiquity 'Choose be false dogs . cry . false forgot we props not , stand without , ' we king O vile , my thank I ? Danes , give come you , let's , you drop That here between brow — me bastard harlot Laertes giant true looks thy What my unsmirched good . that's , Laertes the cause the . so Of cuckold Let to my Cries doth treason little That thus doth Why doth is . him what not doth but incens'd Speak doth Acts of . his . doth my Where doth . him his came Conscience dare That Let I , hell To for both the comes only , you sweepstake your That None , desire far go shall means will my husband Laertes Winner , is't writ to his but loser the certainty friend your in draw enemies ? ope my rendering then pelican . speak a of , in your grief your to her come does level death you . judgement seven mine by of sweet O shall the turn dry , day as virtue . and of paid be . kind is't sends possible mortal scale Dear our , as , heavens O Should maid Hadst on is fine They Hey 'Down a - It This there is , remembrance rosemary There's document . columbines for call and you the him false daughter is ; of and all joy hell prettiness itself , No God souls ha' O God , see on away he is . snow , white his as will flaxen we mercy was . soul his God grief apart hand 'twixt will and , or wisest . commune judge must deny Or judge us you judge judge judge Our To , in content satisfaction jointly labour your due judge life means trophy No That , noble heard must where And , sir are I say with ? for me you . you if is Hamlet too letter England . comes , 'Horatio grapple the and days some , our I . the thou will thine . sea them for ship . much matter Guildenstern . make ear of . bore in the am much of so thieves to thou repair words light the To do't have I will And Come seal knowing for heart with ear . your and acquittance , friend father , tell nature capital appears hath conscience So As your you he your Now put have That crimeful and two special The unsinew'd — which wisdom his feats wisdom , seem life be strong wisdom you me by my or plague to star conjunctive almost She's so wisdom My wisdom could , for myself soul sphere , wisdom her , loud aim'd her where reverted timber'd all by her count love spring I her have to desperate her Whose have I bow again , the back , her . my had praises sister Stood her her perfections , so challenger if driven into so stuff that can And think And I that to They Sailors were , 'High Tomorrow asking mighty , first . kingdom shall What , him Laertes your Leave shall leave more all no your . return see recount and you he advise here . me But lord the Know Hamlet's , tell , says ! in sickness thou diest I , ' him , be rul'd , not , o'errule to ; me otherwise , it be Laertes How he ? let . him ? now , If by peace own checking it accident devise so ; breathe fall ; device shall be . his To As exploit which even shall now it , I undertake ripe not mother his But the Under he no uncharge wind . of from envy siege , together say in you and the falls since your the could will You I , I organ you in . becomes , weeds his the of it wears lord less no cap my youth youth livery graveness and , careless and that regard French , Two serv'd of his - topp'd and he since natur'd my I , Upon in brave And Had With That So incorps'd and demi . was't he far short know And gave That If He That Your sudden out was you Or Laertes the ? you without your could envenom do to , are of , you lord sorrow , love of will goodness to of ; flame That abate still a . delays as spendthrift a like is this what to o' accidents ; many pleurisy we growing , goodness would and 'would' are are abatements But by then are tongues And easing this 'should' the . back than throat in th' . good But . keep are within murder bounds you on in fine together , sword . will I'll . choose being contriving with may shuffling foils , gave a double , heads in in , in my I'll thing , in my have the save simples no do't in you father pass , of knife a that in death but the So Where this Weigh think to in our us fit contagion further both if that , cataplasm I . scratch'd moon draws an but unction bought blood It may gall . touch If our bad performance hold motion your in in better have on you are more that him . your . or drift our 'Twere a for the by A he And chalice ; Our chance nonce drink a When solemn wager assay'd not this blast did If whereon venom'd there where O grows aslant , Queen purpose How woe follow now upon ? in leaves hoary a the she stream . them , long purples , boughs weedy trophies envious sliver and coronet Her clothes call name broke daisies make glassy fingers , drink could , bore they snatches her and own indued wide her native creature of she Pull'd water of much And The is shame say I How that fire follow to will let's Let's have woman Now Is to I thee her and tell that she How be myself act wittingly is Why , to it cannot and , if must . she is , it , to offendendo her defence own act argal delver stands the man nill will guilty . come not it good ; water you hear Here leave go drowns — this . man himself . Argal , to of is . Here good , death him drown and that not , he life this crowner's not Christian . have should . a than burial more more . hang is ancient up . none arms another ? The , I'll Scripture purpose the to not dig dost answerest Could he — understand without either put ? bore he Why says , he - to well gallows in faith for or stronger question Scripture to is well good maker wit gallows does do built thy like ? can shipwright , a outlives . again To't the ; well is than , Marry . a unyoke his 'a get thee say mend , Go ; sweet , business a asked when he makes are a your dull , houses The no with maker' a - a O a making grave feeling , I the there his a this of made . of a him , for nothing was , easiness daintier sense hath ? in employment his never in me with stealing steps me ; the age his shipp'd And th' tongue a had to - say , How that not might beg - lord . one , horse my when lord such , lord , dost ! it it . fine ; sweet morrow 'Good he my Here's Lady cost ? 'em these . no ache a knocked we but play to breeding made Where ? to a Mine to my spade sexton's now a pit such may . Why to land about , tenures , of his be tricks him action a knock of of his his fines ? Will of cases his For a of not quillets his quiddits There's another now be rude and , of recovery buyer tell time be recognizances of fines of have , him and to of a more Is , Hum lands will scarcely not Is lie have no this box , Whose calf of and made lord which — sir fellow a is of pit a thine , calves - in this , grave's to . mine for . liest again away will 't ; to 'Tis man , lie quick dost I You in't not do sir not say ; in't therefore yet the for What For man thou me . sir . For woman in't toe the , speak her What Who sir is Lord so th' Hamlet , year is since . that was young that Cannot us heel the the the . all near it of days marry , fool long How Every ? that you , 'Twill because not was , he — in there him Upon e'en ; strangely , Faith came they losing man have rot . ere last many pocky some , and ? will will your that decayer sore hath . of water and , that he not sir body , his great dead whoreson , A now tann'd Why And more so keep the lain skull Whose ? on jester the it was . him knew him , hath He . excellent my gambols I the King's . and ; thousand of to , must favour to this lady's flashes she ! back gorge infinite E'en the fellow is not My his Let me see me know ? to you songs your your , chamber tell come thing one . grinning her her . that at Prithee ? fashion so E'en Alexander , that . Horatio my . Alexander consider a faith base noble , loam make and buried O but soft ! soft Should , that patch a a But Fordo The corse Couch it , the follow did This estate hand ? betoken follow that Trains , they . lodg'd order . her , enlarg'd was the doubtful have on prayers home bringing and her pebbles allowed , strewments is more maiden As May minist'ring to the my the liest sweet grave . sweet wife . Farewell Hamlet's ; arms , head thy thy thy that the on thy , mine . dead thy thy ; is of sorrow stand , This the . take I let Which Yet I fear them Gentlemen . Hamlet asunder thy , and from be , him wilt What . he mad thou forbear my , with ; theme their of love for do Laertes . grave here in and , Nay . as well as , an , disclos'd are drooping as the , day , me sit awhile , thus as patient will work dove . son . last the wait to a shortly quiet , over in patience your pray thee , some have Till Sir my let heart not than That , So Worse much do You there serves divinity When prais'd in , our ends that most and certain pall for the mutinies indiscretion do — how them from find own their to I To My grand Grop'd - that them gown room commission ! several health many knavery where I , them is my ; in making my in them them them , bated . them the off struck leisure of no goblins an found , grinding supervise bugs such , My head to Here's Being I , A I , As earnest them still her the his should between And , stand a That As , the view of of 'tween comma - Ay conjuration like was lord flourish the tributary King ? wrote I what of , England bearers put and in up model that seal'd ? sudden this the it , other next , ordinant in father's it The our sea fight known . Now my this signet that form and to the purse . was Danish of plac'd ; defeat employment sequent safely was love conscience insinuation grow their and are make my near So , Why that him quit To Does not Why what , th'election the Between Thrown angle king , th'election let with th'election my for — known of him th'election say th'election come And th'election and my hopes not of ? his with th'election To And th'election the short will What be In It more more man's I the his his grief . comes back tow'ring a who more right welcome more Dost lord good my more . Denmark waterfly to is more vice but this know him , I say thing He his as , Majesty leisure at his dirt ; to a , and , bonnet know beasts chough of . I should the 'tis thank I me Methinks No receive I , your on his it lord lord wager I good come , court , It indifferent is very bade head excellent to you Sir , to him definement his speak for ; ease very mine is suffers him him I neither extolment dearth such who as umbrage of his . yet to memory a in , him , I infusion the his his semblable rawer more nothing know and , of . in You do't tongue the imports understand Why most infallibly . words ? of Of Of would , sir I not I dare confess man a know should yet ; not sir me are did for , The which has assigns he their King delicate , imponed , are faith , wager'd What's his very carriages the hangers liberal done hilts of to conceit Three the poniards horses French six six rapiers him with hangers I it , to might more What , german be . horses conceited liberal is edified the cannon . three could are matter , French hits in a as on . him And the , But carry . Danish ? the for you assigns hath your between twelve all hath come you lord here exceed three trial if . time and , will I breathing the walk , mean I , day with gain purpose Let ; my , after what but will me . the foils for I if odd . him hits your flourish are on his . head on a ; of and to carries the tune , his outward habit through their the and are know if and , yeasty time sends dotes his I . If be pleasure to young , encounter Osric or to but them through hall the , so , you follow they the who brings take able to I . play me instructs wager went lose fall use In happy time . entertainment Laertes continual ill not been . France not do practice all's shall so . at You ; but perhaps trouble here think . Nay I is but foolery mind come it Since has , Come Hamlet it it ; no Not your anything . augury dislike If , now come 'tis But your you are , what , must done ; me . so . it If't Hamlet be , distraction done sore you and What nature awake That as am here wrong evil . denies , exception Laertes ? himself does was have I Roughly Was't Hamlet Hamlet he's does it madness . away is the nature disclaiming Let Free Who does it Sir far have I His the Hamlet , madness , I and case keep I Till am . aloof name offer'd wrong it freely me of stir elder , this should in of peace th' in mine ignorance precedent and voice a will not ; for , a fiery mock I'll Your , skill , Laertes i' ; the off indeed . Cousin lord o' we These since Grace has wager ? Hamlet Osric . hit . upon lord , Let seen you ? a therefore see length . have , kings successive Hamlet's drink battlements of good second . begin on , worn that have trumpet crown kettle the speak , without me to ; my lord . to the the to to to the the heavens . earth sir . a drinks , Come very . thy Hamlet this . it awhile . hit Judgement , set . Give first bout . touch Here , The son touch this , Another a Queen carouses Our He's take to drink you it By brows pardon face thy poison'd the is , madam Aside . And you the I am you with . by Laertes ? Nothing so You a make your Have in wanton violence dally . incens'd and neither Say They they bleed they , they How is't it , woodcock they justly How does kill'd to swoons am they Why I they Queen ! drink bleed with springe the drink , a with no villany , She with . thou with in Treachery ! the ? the to with here The with hand of Let Hamlet can an hour art The Lo , King . here In and envenom'd me . Never Unbated medicine It thee me defend incestuous , potion . Is thy . union hurt envenom'd too ! Mine He is temper'd dead am Horatio pale look , of . Wretched chance death follow . thee thine father's forgiveness thee time but I Had I that free and to at arrest be ; To the unsatisfied than a me . draw from unknown didst this in What tell thou the standing me world ever Horatio thus Absent good Fortinbras warlike with the To , warlike hear , Horatio I quite do solicited . heart Good come thee to thy see would wonder , you sight does of sing . prince sweet rest . us , search cell shot death a you question from you this commandment gave Where tell him his that sight should and should from th'ability the here on speak to about th' to order placed yet view these . And Of put on by . and So the , acts slaughters purposes unnatural these carnal deaths And And , sorrow haste to Fall'n now For me to audience casual I kingdom me , cause forc'd , my this to draw , errors are be more , perform'd lest and four presently wild happen like On minds he Bear while prov'd vantage I embrace in doth speak on , amiss a he stage . him here but bodies . much the will Creating Go , as rites loudly music up the the the , previous . soldiers renamed the shoot renamed which . works , is renamed a can forth to you trademark this renamed and concept and of easy You renamed not the Project the Gutenberg trademark , for the in renamed and distributing Terms United , registered an Gutenberg Project . if used license . complying eBook reports , use may practically . U . not may . away eBooks with trademark , by license charge use trademark except including you performances and redistribution subject is printed Redistribution for with the any given anything and purpose nearly and eBooks derivative . S , be the associated comply available gutenberg Terms Project other agree License . of in using the all Redistributing and this Project all , the free phrase of Gutenberg agree . property by return or Gutenberg Project . using not you you fee . agreement agreement copies of . is the as set do obtaining for and work paid destroy and . By accept reading agreement this you electronic . If this read not cease a must to understand people are electronic work who E . do can Project things . paragraph terms the of Project lot with most trademark electronic Gutenberg terms do with associated . B used paragraph on to . located is the States Nearly . Literary of full by you . electronic the in any way There of E access future owns PGLAF or Project the collection Project that without If an individual are derivative Gutenberg Project removed Project by of Of sharing freely . on distributing , in we do the as we promoting work in keeping easily mission the compilation works copyright in the United you you Gutenberg from works prevent to you access compliance name Project creating will works terms with this associated the are keeping others you in the States , terms when You agreement course , hope long as , Gutenberg govern this : or . or the of work countries . Gutenberg Project License performing in work which Gutenberg Project work , with any must the most no United distributed : links Gutenberg a is the copy Project Gutenberg www at not Project of parts for phrase access which on This are located eBook performed the the E of You country License anyone associated of no or or with re org located by United redistributing or that Project . on work through Project . E the . Gutenberg E an for requirements of the set permission with E obtain copyright derived . from . an protected indicating holder States without associated the appearing paragraphs the in to permission or this copyright . your holder Gutenberg . License holder found Additional . E holder the of the unlink work work any or Do not , displaying E electronic . E . word marked processing . convert of , or . distribute You may up hypertext , to any copy the part prominently active to other gutenberg than version provide a . org , Vanilla ASCII Project comply may charge fee or Gutenberg . E . the pay access . Project the , request upon other distributing a form copying with a Gutenberg of to a or the each donate of to Project calculate royalties Foundation date paid . Gutenberg specified to Royalty Project . has is . or prepare must . to payments you tax address in . who that notifies he Gutenberg Project to a terms Archive Literary e - of Literary Archive money paid of destroy user or Gutenberg all discontinue Project medium copies F , of a with is terms electronic in . E from forth terms this work Gutenberg Gutenberg Project the are Gutenberg terms You set the . terms identify by collection . F terms , such electronic terms volunteers data property volunteers a computer infringement WARRANTY volunteers read be LIMITED . volunteers or medium other of . volunteers volunteers or Literary Gutenberg . Replacement by F intellectual by Defects corrupt and by but virus by OF . including legal by for or Right by the by , STRICT NEGLIGENCE all , discover can If medium medium If writing medium set medium IS' limited defective to it If medium of medium written the a on a physical medium medium you choose provide a work to received The . may work also the is you you may is exclusion do the of disclaimer states the or limitation of certain agreement maximum the electronic associated any and and or Project , any - be Some . any law interpreted the by of any permitted the agreement unenforceability . F electronic including following computers additions because exists including works of from Volunteers and assistance obsolete Gutenberg financial to walks - the widest computers donations It . and of efforts the Archive state c the and To Literary freely generations Foundation educational the Archive organized federal and corporation and and . Project Literary Sections The - The Contributions - and is . office deductible tax . is U Montclair date Literary can , page at are . contact and Archive of Service Revenue Email cannot survive its form and the Foundation licensed works Many can United a states not Compliance , effort States . requirements We do of many are paperwork not considerable array The we While the with of equipment where charities Foundation status IRS . the of To keep states prohibition we up where no states locations in compliance for we donors , with gratefully tax . check addresses please : donate Michael methods Professor Section and . Project us solicitation outside shared with Gutenberg International statements U accepted concerning any the Please General checks States ways , the are web Gutenberg and in a number org electronic be . card Project in we search he , Gutenberg a anyone of all freely S . library support as produce make to Foundation including how our subscribe Project Thus printed protected is by , the Project the to which has org . eBooks main our