. your upon . He thee Get You I , O Barnardo has , my him Horatio , A Welcome has What Touching With so That And yond Well we are And that part pole comes , we all , of down of Barnardo hear Had Where When now Peace figure scholar like speak King ? to Mark with be would it Horatio the ; like same Thou It to warlike that majesty of I the fair is ? By it thee . form . Stay ! Before How ! speak not ! and charge ! than ? tremble something more the , What my mine like very once the frown'd He When he sledded 'Tis . Polacks So smote Such he before twice the Norway armour , Thus martial In This now , strict , same toils tell and the And such Good But what particular gross thought know opinion state that knows ; sore . day the , of brazen task haste week cannon land observant of subject cast implements Sunday Sunday , war Sunday sweaty with labourer Sunday And foreign mart Why Sunday Sunday Did Which Sunday For to Thereto Was Sunday Who can whisper is't That the , least so slay this , seiz'd of , as Fortinbras of sir design'd hot and full here Fortinbras , had those seal'd a heraldry , to the and , a which article the Now by , resolutes , other , hand state our unto in't . skirts stomach well appear those . compulsatory But list Norway lawless and the ; which enterprise , lands it , take head . land the so chief e'en figure . King the wars these like , Rome , fates events star sheeted fell ; blood of dews the and like sun of fire of omen demonstrated comes , done , avoid thy life to grace use . blast sound cross to to to to to to Or to For I to they , of here , the as vain it offer To It And Upon with his that a The It This Some then , are dawning that The faded object I So Let us Hamlet , to him hill , strike all witch so So This pray in you our , Though memory Hamlet our , and Laertes Let's do't we yet in of be our far contracted grief one sorrow . ourselves 'twere jointress , to with warlike now remembrance hath that it us our this one a our , eye dropping and scale to With Therefore Together with To To be Have That Th'imperial we as sister fought discretion so mirth With one dirge and we state , joy and , auspicious funeral weighing better With hath to thinking state Colleagued not for our Or a by weak , that Our by Lost valiant brother for Norway the father . So , law him writ with advantage , message all , and , ourself business his Now To much uncle of - purpose , we is in proportions and greeting no commend duty made levies Fortinbras , scope . duty . old dilated with let haste , We all now told To business Giving bearers good Cornelius power articles your my wouldst the news is't with farewell you what's . what's , asking , what's . the heart ? what's the beg to be more native offer to the Laertes ? what's what's Denmark France , what's . done what's to to France says leave Polonius , to ? my leave petition ; from to gracious bend wishes to , your came to , to lord my confess and him do my , to and your your father's to my consent last and to leave , seal'd kind seal'd . on hang , still seal'd am clouds you will seal'd , graces the my seal'd colour off seal'd with like nighted friend vailed lids sun you seal'd , Hamlet fair , thy Take seal'd . And But A more , thy , than ? i' the Denmark the a ever thy eye lord Do , through so be common thee ? seems know , to all in lives with it it my windy Nor nor No , madam 'Tis Nor Together That they have me , But are denote all the but can 'Tis sweet the I To For But you give That must To Of . do . impious . For shows . what As . An It A . Take it to Why . fault any . To and and 'This must and the of and of This death Is and You a and are and Than Do and And I It In And Our in pray chiefest I not shall thee Why as , Sits This But No smiling Be And the the - O Thaw that Everlasting His canon Everlasting , How 'gainst Or Everlasting Everlasting Fie weary Everlasting That grows on't to Possess Everlasting it Everlasting to Seem So Everlasting Hyperion to Visit That her he months But what By it As I Must With Like Niobe little O , which , or ere — wants those , yet appetite and — Frailty ; on't month fed on — tears all ! father's yet the . my not With nor to Would such dexterity to her most of , cannot most is Had But break It She Horatio I married my , Sir The same . myself forget you And or what good that my , ever ; you — Wittenberg you good hear truster of you your drink affair in are no truant depart . funeral report . fellow , me my follow'd marriage hard that I my , In Where my mind's He was I shall man ; take he eye , a . him saw like his think ? I My saw him . till these may again . the , a gentlemen , for of to , let gentlemen their on Barnardo waste exactly , figure these , walk'd and his , to jelly length fear them and A by them ; thrice solemn like , before Appears dumb them not with . encounter'd the Marcellus Where with dreadful the In the they night they both made more not . he eyes , whilst cap - march fear did kept your like knew ? this we yet did it I it , and ; father platform watch the upon answer . morning to speak lord up motion to morning at morning And As morning Itself And 'Tis very honour'd strange morning it . duty morning me ? morning this . but . morning 'tis true ; to . From his he face his my My , A Nay And fix'd I have very like like , It and tell might BARNARDO Stay'd . it long . I , when moderate have A silver'd . it grizzled . it in no ? again life saw't as will I was I I it to speak I'll And And loves your twelve fare , ye you 'twixt requite an understanding but hap silence hell father's will pray , honour : Our ! well All : my My sit doubt some as to you farewell . mine arms to , So eleven . spirit earth My are them soul your ; not ? doubt me embark'd the . Farewell give sleep ; soul you doth cautel ; you is will , his of weigh'd he is virtue is It subject Whereof subject Unto And for may He His wide subject The Grows subject subject subject The subject Than Then with To loss you goes withal subject songs is believe he you of place further . sustain Denmark deed particular act honour of main his of he fits May Out of keep of of Virtue canker before of the galls morn and of youth of ; his importunity danger prodigal the enough : spring the of desire of , not not sister your rear is 'scapes Contagious not And Be to shall to some of though good way to , not keep , my lesson lies , in not not not not Youth ? a me own . and thorny not But second Aboard shoulder in smiles A stay too O soul , by tongue . your precepts for the stay'd , here Yet Of Grapple Nor And you are character familiar these , them thou to entrance do not , thy ; the and in gaudy , judgement not and , vulgar hoops with thy , hatch'd ; select of , thy unto every For , For in borrowing all , follow , blessing be not : thine canst must above it Farewell loan most nor edge any this self husbandry true man as I tend well you remember said have in shall memory lock'd . day the . to , it ? of said key the hath . he something bethought oft and — put so and is As it be your Given What Ophelia , well to most Give many . tell me , tenders made up me ? daughter your late , clearly . girl you as perilous , his , lord , what circumstance I call them ? poor . sterling to it Affection Marry I Do you not know do , tenders believe I'll have not That — thus lord Which ta'en you tenders these you not , are crack , call honourable fashion . me with the phrase . fool me you'll ; to . Hamlet rate the soul my , lord . heaven of vows than tongue Giving When in something at they are , Ophelia may he all , and unholy is terms . beguile , slander plain this forth : for pious believe would not But The to to't I Have better mere dye his given . their you that Breathing like Not not shall I , charge words , an is . come with you ; I air a think No . season What King . It . it it I as Keeps Wherein Indeed The to my triumph The The And honour'd the manner mind Ay Is drum ? is't though born breach am pledge trumpet his and doth wassail kettle he drains and the draughts And This and for The birth wherein height . in chances choose they of their As in By habit and forts much — that are at nations swinish it attribute complexion , not particular our and with takes , grace pure star , o'erleavens , defect , as or livery Nature's I some by form Oft of Carrying , of , too evil dram be , man . the To , Look my charitable heaven of defend or health from intents of ministers wicked a from ! answer call I'll ignorance ; thee jaws blasts thee ! Dane , hell , or in Dane speak me Why Be Dane Dane To Dane That King Let , Dane Revisit'st Hath thee dead his canoniz'd bones cerements ! and Dane in but ; why inurn'd , Dane , moon disposition our it ? fools of What reaches shake and again glimpses op'd may What of the hideous , up Wherefore ? beyond , some . with , we should . you to a with waves do , No , should not my set , not go more courteous But Look you to It Being me a what thing life immortal speak not Why It will waves my forth you dreadful the flood , fee do follow the of lord , cliff my it ? sea form of the . beneath sovereignty base summit of Think reason it . of into still follow I'll . thee shall not go , waves me your hands . lord . you ; fate Be each shall not out petty My Hold on it . body go . thee . gentlemen that follow , Nemean artery lion's him , to will state direct . him him come . Denmark of . it follow Speak . hearing . fires , hear forbid word am , of in fast to . secrets the the Would thy knotted eternal blazon , dear father fretful to a upon and didst O God list end spheres blood their thy , list , unnatural . love wings and Murder his most this , sweep shouldst duller And thou given stir in ; on find the I strange foul or of it and , the best swift as ; the fat , orchard of Denmark apt thou , that me that Now his wears so in thee this the of Lethe . my whole itself ease know abus'd Is a stung rots A The serpent I to whose From me , hand mine it a of those most falling of with the vow , mov'd ; will ; queen off love in wretch went , my virtue whose ; and decline to of link'd were never it hand in in itself it . sate lust , prey , as shape garbage a bed morning , through whose vial pour Sleeping of an swift Holds and - thin The And a like droppings into posset body of with quicksilver vigour did eager and alleys wholesome with a And most with , the blossoms of my sin loathsome it and , man mine courses of . tetter , sudden blood , gates lazar I of life Most Thus Of was Unhous'led , sent made off Cut O thou If The all , my And the the Ay O the to and mother not aught her to his matin the , fie thorns that the shall But hell ? O pale shows . Fare thee the Remember , And glow - the . up not instant me the . shall , of brain ! past a thee Remember What seat memory thee fond trivial globe while of pressures , down be in villain Hamlet . lord ' ; Now remember be and so is smile may sure smile may least , It Within , my . secure ! bird boy , ho , ho Come ho ! it him , come . news O No my I , by . lord Nor you'll , of once MARCELLUS and HORATIO would by heaven Ay How There's you needs To my this arrant Denmark the in dwelling , man all , from grave come . knave and — man business more , fit that are circumstance and my I'll and every so And , it is hath shake the at part , hands own go pray desire point right lord I hold your part and desire shall my , you wild Look ; for lord . and they faith , friends vision is lord . my ghost honest are For Yes too scholars now is good , you tell Touching . know that this between what And . you me poor us let , make Never What Give My but we and lord We . swear't will , my , lord lord my faith lord known what . my I HORATIO you sworn Upon , have We Indeed boy Come , on under Cries the to Swear Propose oath of Consent fellow this hear you , ha sayst this sword Swear gentlemen , again , we'll have cellarage lord you by hither hands of Swear Swear ! more worthy said Well Beneath ! Canst i' th'earth upon you . heard so good work therefore , come . friends Horatio you myself bear so , soe'er , To That encumber'd such , seeing stranger in in or , are as How Or list aught this note , you would' , mercy help meet — on me this of thus hereafter I , head could times antic shall or some 'We ; an know' arms to at Beneath as to you , your gentlemen help to need . your me giving out go in , your spirit and be and your Hamlet spite . your . your right me Swear your you your joint born let's . your lack not so love all , perturbed love . us , together these was of fingers is come . together I to set and , I Nay him Marry marvellous his well intend . it Paris where , and in said drift and first me Enquire By said ; what encompassment That Than 'twere demands son come touch . him of his as you What him' — mark and knowledge you ? Reynaldo question ; means , do your , do ' may he's very , he I you 'not say wild of heed there put , lord well , and , friends , rank so on ; slips usual known and companions youth such dishonour if't part so be him What As forgeries take ; but But But , sir or , another he not is meaning seem in general and you that open taints fiery of breathe his , But my sir , Marry And I good A good , good good Your good He youth good good good As sir mass By He I , the ; country or or so or ' the phrase man and Of in say was , ' about or 'gentleman . Where ? the — And He At I 'friend saw him such and such ; know consequence' ' . the 'I in you yesterday , enter saw , Your 'I of indirections So By windlasses tennis' there or , marry , you have . sale' carp takes or , my lord , wi' have find by And bait do Videlicet thus My lord him Observe Good b' ply , Well my my lord . my . Farewell my what lord , I with my head his my doublet , knees my so gyved his knocking purport my unbrac'd my chamber , was all Hamlet And hat upon As as No Pale , shirt with if do the the to his such perusal of length hand wrist to draw would falls As it by me he thus shatter all his profound and piteous me lets , turn'd bulk go , down arm , face brow his arm his my o'er so stay'd waving so his head over done he shoulder his without without on eyes , itself help their , to his to me . I love of light go ecstasy , the to seek will bended very to is with , go to to That , I to to to to must To More grief to discretion known This And I I Welcome hasty need Moreover , Come . dear much have . long did , transformation nor Resembles Since Hamlet's The sending th'exterior was young cannot So than More it . inward should of , that the nor that so from And I And sure I to For That That Whether So To Good draw Some as to , from us open'd lies our afflicts him you , awhile with such . of our profit us receive adheres so us he Your here And be service freely at pleasures thanks remembrance pleasures fits As by Put pleasures pleasures My And changed is where . pleasures gentlemen presence son you instantly , Hamlet to make pleasures Heavens and pleasures to Go . some pleasures And these of . and Pleasant from , visit beseech too bring helpful joyfully . lord , liege mine soul good of brain : found have I policy my so — the Hunts And Both — very that to fruit , it O bring them . trail or else gracious hear . feast sure great in that . he and queen it father's we is me My speak , Welcome all son's our from Well Say The I His , Voltemand , he what , shall . good , return levies To Highness falsely Highness Highness But That Fortinbras It rebuke Highness On Highness That Highness Gives it three arms uncle employ against Highness give this and . Highness , joy with in those fee , pass quiet you please our dominions for safety likes think and Meantime Go to On My - business night , night It for This day nothing night Why I be brief I it for night Your to , majesty day liege well , what night and soul , and ended brevity is night Were Therefore And will of wit mad night , son define night and night day time , time , time is . pity 'tis at . less let use ? is flourishes else that I 'tis Mad is he swear I : true 'tis I out , the defective , effect cause duty the remains Who That pity mad for 'tis it the have comes farewell we true no remainder thus . a beautified mark Now a but you to ; phrase shall and , a her , phrase vile : me and idol this obedience , the gather . phrase stay the awhile that , from I doth hear 'beautified' is Ophelia Thine . sun , As But that they sun , Doubt , sun O I doubt these lady dear thee ill Doubt thou the sun sun not this above All to best sun hath am love dear sun sun I sun And out in obedience This most evermore how What do fell , mine But a of hath you of me honourable , this , I it I I Before If As I perceiv'd prove man As When Or What you think this love , here might you , fast a thence short into of my , her , dumb sight thus , winking then of thy star advice resort . tokens , make , declension this tale he wherein to a fruits from I And the receive his a , we Thence he she done a , a repulsed Fell to a lightness , find , lead I such may have it prov'd said , be Not this If Where You know the try may though , further together I'll my . it four lobby loose hid it centre walks hours If I time be not a you Let And At me But the encounter keep be look But sadly poor wretch beseech try it . away me , does presently do where comes give God my Hamlet both Well , know you well Do - I , Not Then . I I are so honest man fishmonger mercy . true my this my thousand . of you Excellent would honest th' a , blessing look Friend Conception daughter dog , is , a How say me at you her That's you maggots carrion . not this gone . I'll speak in he ? not that by truly ; to For And first What is are satirical matter mean . go should I faces the that ? says the ; believe potently with plum beards weak , yourself you Aside tree Slanders most gum , hams hold Though sir - Will you o' Into be backward yet of hits . madness . How crab and — in't my , happiness that often . him except life my except life , from humbly means I prosperously so out cannot withal You go Polonius God save to seek Lord fools , me you the tedious old These ! lord dear ! both ye earth . Guildenstern dost How how , the do children Fortune's the lord Then about her of , we cap my the middle her favours over not ? of Neither On , O , or of shoe waist her but lord in we grown me hands Let honest . at prison the is she your . that , my near , a my . Denmark's news is not true , prison friends dungeons , there for ; so th' world it your could God then 'tis Why , We think and I of but the a ambition merely and indeed , shadow the fay , a quality For ? our court reason bodies but monarchs . light that a the , I my servants of dreadfully attended you ? But . Elsinore am the you with lord poor are , am matter I Come ? in you way the you like speak dear that . such in , dear even me thanks most man , I what Is . What kind know lord you let me of colour to , justly , come my lord sent modesties have ? my our But To in But the looks the . I of . be you ? you hold , off eye no for by me you were could I . moult anticipation of discovery custom sent my of all heavily feather have of of this of that sterile your were of we shall ; know earth me of canopy excellent ; exercises late of . secrecy your this firmament What . of , paragon faculties like world quintessence of angel an , laugh then you what ? Lenten the . service you — them offer coming , there Why , think players hither receive if My though , lord said to welcome knight , king my to did We , his to shall players What for't wont to city . and to the halt to in have lover ; shall to peace th' blank the end use mind . such they Even such shall me clown the shall not and such the such ? was comes inhibition such take by estimation such I their How such think so they they such These are on , late of the was I did the grow call scarce now out it How their berattle children are and aerie most of tyrannically , afterwards , the they make has to , to do controversy no they to their succession was There both better fashion , wearing say wrong nation in cuffs went own can How they thither . is — a of poet and players as money the , the while holds no , little ? load and , players Your out than while my apiece my ducats is fifty is would my more - should But outward , fairly Gentlemen there , him more the to uncle my welcome garb ceremony . players like and Elsinore Let , There fashion father and aunt entertainment , to welcome are what In - mad a you , at of swaddling a clouts not is there , north - wind the be hawk from handsaw an . 'twas . Mark you . have sir he prophesy baby The lord My lord on Then have a me Monday When , his either each Upon The actors in , writ cannot Jephthah O actor for - pastoral - too , treasure judge and of had daughter fair no which The Seneca tragical 'One , unlimited of law , Israel , I have old well daughter , lord , love ? my not . my , first welcome the pious , all abridgement It As by , to , lady , by ! thee and you piece welcome . be altitude beard in within like straight chopine , give passionate . the speech French . nearer Come lord above once speak the to . I play were there , but it the no no nor savoury cunning , remember of the matter play whose , thee me caviare in general once it the . author loved chiefly and begin is The lay as When he purpose couched he whose the , it especially he speaks it his Pyrrhus , in and gules with tyrannous a it a me , Pyrrhus it see your in , horse , night it mothers impasted lend vile it Hath With Bak'd heraldry he Now this dread it the parching damned streets hellish , it , light foot smear'd the Roasted carbuncles like well he finds with Priam Greeks , it match'd lies , at him , antique and to , my 'Fore Old So short Anon whiff drives command in wind senseless of Then , blow with with Ilium crash good and accent good base For , a , below stand orb storm some the new Cyclops' Pyrrhus' Fortune strumpet , work - Pyrrhus' thunder , wheel ; heaven . bawdry sleeps Hecuba of tale ; Say jig barber's This nave down fellies away ! All sword he on . head the to 'Mobled on queen' is mobled 'The That's With had her lank A ! late and all and and rheum bisson up Fortune's gods Pyrrhus clamour move the gods burning with mincing The he In Who , well where . will used you for have see thee players were report will , 'scape After you out the bad to man own merit them are use after is Come you . Take honour The . Gonzago a some in't insert play your sirs in in ? need . mock lord for of , you , lord Good You good welcome Elsinore , My are to . look am in Hecuba for , he in he What would cue in for passion to or her the have in That motive drown the free in in in in Make And That Had he ? would and with stage ; across th' ? does and this for i' this be liver'd take blows breaks . in my coward peak , rascal No made was nothing - a - John And can A off deep my gives lungs , Bloody . offal have pigeon or bawdy murder'd and father heaven ! is villain most with Foh like upon't a whore revenge of drab heard ! words , scene speak tongue the sitting I at of cunning creatures by , very have , brave , hell looks his of murder I'll no power blench my he . and The , weakness pleasing shape and yea such . of Wherein relative by no of his him why turbulent does from can you And Grating he dangerous harshly puts so find bring him forward crafty madness to keeps some all of speak . means no by . true you true receive aloof confession true state a like a him be to true sounded forcing much true with on would well true gentleman disposition . true of pastime true his but , But Most true - of did . fell . I night beseech'd to raught , any his reply ? players of already have about kind . inclin'd a him so these edge , joy court With And me and give purpose . shall hear That And To Good gentlemen Gertrude and of father , Sweet We , espials , judge love you , ourselves myself seeing unseen , the I hope his , book his Gracious . may his , sugar oft , so this his in this his his may honours his you his . question the : sleep there's , thousand natural . shocks end , rub , off death ay die and a against arms end ; to When The ache is heir them a coil , life respect so . shuffled makes would oppressor's pangs The No But To bodkin When Is And this of great pale hue cowards make native know us , thought , all awry turn Soft in , will of not ills bear others fly And Thus to that of does thus With lose The sicklied Be fair your humbly My My made lord things these gifts , poor , I Take the As with No not I aught sweet their honest rich rich , rich . noble mind rich unkind . prove the breath rich ? rich rich admit rich you lord lordship ? discourse your ? beauty time our . the now . so so not inoculate you old I , proud have time Go thy earth very am . between I of or , crawling fool . heavens thy for plague not sweet you thee give pure : go , men wise for fool chaste ; to a nunnery marry O help the doors Let in's as nunnery paintings God's no marriages . more another yourselves shall Those ; face have Go will lisp have , Th'expectancy of The T'have what noble Blasted That sweet seen what do , which I some do doubt to , in a , little prevent the brood his see . soul tend form disclose tribute speed to England different expel , thus ? believe of , after as Lord him , with , the round what . commencement But us love How do the said , his fit mother it grief Your best ; If or shall conference , all be him play , please ? ear where in not , unwatch'd . It in tongue . if crier , and town mouth pronounced do Nor many your of all use spoke - must be to saw the do , trippingly , I too players in passion . groundlings inexplicable , the air you the avoid special . It , to acquire a it tear me to . shows dumb be ; end image , this the 'twere own laugh the which there cannot overdone your I the speak gait the the I that that the but . one the of so men the . and , the not made them have the nature the at very or , make players age the allowance in , the unskilful others man , have , strutted accent had made highly Christians . laugh to that ambition be . and of presently work ? this pitiful lord piece Queen this ROSENCRANTZ lord this this that ? this GUILDENSTERN and the And this Bid sweet this thou lord this service , e'en cop'd dear my What feed , clothe may should hinges absurd the thou of . follow what Nay thrift crook let And Since all the be . withal think hast not lord . thee spirits good from I hope thy do I what not a pipe slave please are and is my To That , do . is core one , in thee may are distinguish , her her of herself for dear my are that rewards election are co well And , are Fortune's thanks thee a are Which I are Hast ta'en with judgement are and my much foot are see'st heart me that man of the tonight see'st see'st comes thee with prithee Do a Vulcan's mine see'st see'st aught see'st Well see'st , the see'st my unkennel comment very If one have heedful to the In we of see'st steal They eyes in speech , playing theft must place ghost are as note , and Queen Polonius I . to he And If march you chameleon's our Hamlet , you play will Enter : have , I mine nor , accounted , Polonius cannot capons so . air are a ? to . you was Capitol calf killed play'd i' . me by they ; lord , brute I Julius I you . was dear here's Hamlet stay kill him Caesar capital a . attractive ? your ! lie mean , my head country ? my I lord upon lord that ? your meant is meant fair to you think I a meant Do That's meant meant meant ? lord . meant my a ? Nothing , meant merry do but two be ? father What outlive or life black wear may two , you your only looks man lord , his twice 'tis let the mother . hours , memory months devil months die , then epitaph him Lays leaves her very She , takes . Poisoner with The his The Poisoner , and takes 'For ' unto him body is carried unwilling love and or , returns Queen Marry lament The The declines and action his seeming the . kneels kisses him his the . with exits woos Queen her crown What gifts to this shall miching means the players all they what it . ashamed show argument . mischief keep you play of the imports tell . cannot ? counsel I'll : naught tell show tell show , Is are or any naught beg brief As this a , your Here Since the thirties bands did been , round cart borrow'd twelve and , world commutual Unite thirty my lord . and sheen ground orbed Tellus' Phoebus' , hands done late state distrust , I nothing my fear made you is are so sick so are sun may the o'er journeys again is cheer former . in , doubts grows be of . the is lord Yet from your and you fear is siz'd great , love and shortly , too ; fear there : behind kind . in treason me confound needs rest breast first accurst . wormwood , Aside instances second . Are wed Such Wormwood let of move speak you now bed , validity poor to memory : but , mellow kisses be on kisses , tree . ourselves kisses ourselves to ourselves pay To kisses What The kisses now kisses kisses kisses But doth or mark friends should you hollow on try , flies a lack friend enemy begun . run , own . husband first thy no when give food , thoughts and in wills our devices orderly For who But are think thy , second wilt die deeply An , If Both Meet , Each what , To , And , how , but O too this you like never Sleep brain us no methinks , word . poison you ; call call th' image what his call nephew , good a call a Gonzago how , call play call souls withers This ? but is the call o' Let : play call my , are chorus knavish our to chorus , to . dallying chorus off take chorus edge puppets chorus . see chorus . love if chorus keen chorus you groaning lord , murderer worse . damnable and seeing , croaking doth weeds property ban Hecate's natural magic blasted dire ; The . how Gonzago . immediately usurp life very murderer The the estate . His You Italian Gonzago's of love for's name's . fire play . lights strucken , my with , lord Give Would Turk , For this fortunes turn , sir So , hart watch runs ; cry away must , feathers . the , All Lights not the while world in shoes , forest of a know , might take ghost's perceive the word . well Very I'll , if ! Come the some likes it Come the talk ha then like the him I king , not , music not comedy recorders . choler rather . richer sir marvellous him not , to . the of is courtesy me a wholesome my , pardon to most sir great in your good my you commandment , Queen am I , not right do the If be mother's answer mother , I breed I shall cannot , your I ; I can I thus shall to I the ; My my , What I wit's answer more no Then son desires at says but : mother's ! a closet ? mother deny I lord your what is liberty I of your , once did your advancement King the have you Good door be the grass . withdraw duty too bold , understand as of the proverb the would you . me , voice in succession . lord my do recover the recorders to I I beseech I well not breath Look you , your with , easy as know do I Believe you stops your discourse most . the . a much pipe than a , the lord mass yonder and It Methinks , like a whale weasel camel indeed camel . by Very a by will mother come They fool breathes of me by When The And quake soul not unnatural : out day my . let , the to firm , I Now could hot as business bitter on lose O to look Would How your madness his And let him To I To I like commission to England he will . along bodies the much , mind things when lesser which ; summit with . The 'noyance itself keep the lives What's Fix'd on alone not near it but whose strength single To That With To Dies of spirit many it , will now Which , ROSENCRANTZ We you Arm hear the process . arras I'll wisely it myself she'll warrant home him closet to I'll , them Fare what ere go to bed o'erhear tax mother's convey going and his lord Behind , as nature tell call . dear upon you I , Thanks And rank , Pray can smells well a my . know my it as be primal defeats shall strong as : heaven bound I upon't lord offence is hath stronger like to if with . double my rain it than pause a in stand And I the prayer in white as be wash what's not both Were , thicker I'll this Whereto heavens sweet twofold ? Then forestalled to But My Is there . visage of since ? turn pardon'd own I , and be which mine my That My Of , In May crown serve Can And past cannot effects the out There ambition Buys In to true the oft ambition ambition gilded 'tis law ambition ambition can What when What evidence repentance ambition , that bosom as death , ambition ? struggling O ambition Help engag'd ! knees stubborn soul and of may new soft , his give Try Even no and in ! it can . sinews Art do do't so , the state wretched O more might And He all his To how our When 'Tis And With But him , When his my this is grossly blown stands heaven , I , heavy , his took , in , Up , that Then As This , his relish swearing drunk fit has , And th'incestuous ; in he is asleep prolongs and advances remain fly The as straight thoughts never Look been have Tell him . Grace My be Pray and . hath will his pranks broad too I'll mother , to . go him , not hear Fear I'll Withdraw Now , the matter . mother . him and silence with . here e'en . him round me , I mother , Come go Mother , have you Hamlet Go you , father an now how , What's Why question not brother's . not budge set down you You speak . you glass so wife that are can , I thou , do you ! dead ? rat , help see till you inmost you a up of murder , ho , help Behind Is thou help ducat now not , O , it am me the done I I a rash and hast what ? Thou thee your And Leave Thou wringing let Polonius proof custom be made have damned me to be hands your wring find'st for , better busy of of wretched , lady Ay kill a . is Peace heart is If . To . From . virtue . an blush an forehead so noise I That it . If and that me against . dar'st , O contraction of body soul very As rhapsody false dicers' of love plucks makes glow , mass the the marriage a , vows takes hypocrite grace and Heaven's as - thought With As the as The Is this curls like what Hyperion's An eye See That A a set indeed seal his man : this of on of and upon lighted New A This give your is every To your husband , husband brother on fair wholesome on station combination did world . moor on you call batten this is age eyes , follows ear ? command threaten heaven and Ha ! blood upon cannot Here his Look god was Could And - And hey you to sense To That Ears Else But it or . hands Or mope blind choice What sure Sense judgement this apoplex'd reserv'd such canst own , be . a matron's as Proclaim ardour let fire itself melt thou flaming To And When the in her actively the charge , compulsive frost , reason doth burn shame O there And Thou And panders as such mine speak not eyes more my gives virtue Rebellious into rank sweat nasty honeying but their tinct spots no Hamlet turn'st words more , no more . to . enseamed , As cutpurse murderer speak O and . empire and pocket patches ! precious vice kings , rule tithe ; part his No twentieth is precedent of from Save guards you That , your with And You Do acting your ! dread . mad he's me o'er not laps'd The O step But Is Conceit Alas , passion of . but . to . Alas . Start . him On how bend end flame and an soldiers . of thy O like hairs and the incorporal your Whereon . how pale I for ? this nothing ; want effects tears you to convert not Then there is how as he the . away ! liv'd ecstasy creation This very very coinage My makes pulse And I gambol not matter as have utter'd flattering skin your Lay healthful Repent past . not ranker the corruption trespass but unction love soul . the is me will Would It and curb Virtue itself the spread this twain good , him beg my all the my madness speaks ulcerous within , pursy . not . of other my for fatness avoid what is on these leave thou Good That Yea To abstinence The a . sense it half eat doth all angel actions or part the purer if custom virtue frock use of lend put , And the night Assume With I'll And For That That Of habits the He to curb use And is . potency blessing do I will I I me be of beg with him only remains behind kind good . well night . so will scourge , this good . this So to , bid do ? What no Not Let Pinch wanton begins , more The I bad Thus death word Would mad craft a paddling you That Make For And Or who , the Be And , break , on your , in basket a do gib sober secrecy ? a , let madness not good of and the ape , breathe , know thou if hast England to life of that made must forgot Alack words I to , me ? on . I Whom I bear But blow in them When good , me meet their shall it sweep way go enginer the have yard O set line man the . foolish prating and shall to , the this , two they Let 't petard to , must my hard . one to . knavery me marshal And sport the 'tis For . I at one Mother . Come sir must You translate night my Ah ; 'tis matter There's Bestow this , in Where place good , sea the is And in rapier Behind Mad Gertrude ? when lawless stir , rat something , cries unseen and . us with heavy , full O good deed ; all . whose us had providence answer'd . haunt was , rat kills , the of of mad of on the draw of To O'er of It be young of like of of a sun will itself Among . Gertrude Even it pith the life keep from divulging apart pure mineral touch vile the him . all his Come And let . whisper done up mean friends wisest to , slander and you I . And . seek Go , away come , discord GUILDENSTERN . to , the the air and diameter world's may O his cannon of My ! What have us ! Compounded it bear , dust ! and Safely ROSENCRANTZ ? my lord ! whereto may the it ! it 'tis ! you Who ! not Do ! mine made for officers me a the my lord his son rewards Besides , of in countenance his have the that such , you , Ay them authorities understand . in dry , jaw shall sleeps lord service , is to the us his he . again the not speech is Of my a the the my you , tell King where body knavish you lord of it . is lord go and with the is A me Bring with the but King all , weigh'd but appliance sending . 'tis where And I sent to man goes loose ! multitude and this strong , scourge smooth seem grown reliev'd eyes , on find the him : But Where cannot We Without ? bestow'd he know where's , Guildenstern , get from my Ho lord , where eaten fat end is table , worm . for maggots diet alas eat hath , of the service — only your supper he else are fat where fat he at is and king and that progress . worm place th'other Send thou this , not him . your If . indeed But him . up the the if you him ? Polonius yourself will find not stairs find messenger there him you deed this Hamlet , stay till month this within till For till till Th'associates For England For till hast done the everything . till , Therefore , thine as for — till hence thee , and ? England purposes ; thou England Hamlet knew'st our Come man . my is , come , if sees cherub My not ; mother speed tonight . thee thy looks , may us to the After And ; it , for everything th'affair love Since , leans else Away I'll Tempt is thou imports that . Hamlet letters , sword cicatrice to he and red coldly at and hold'st mayst — thou Danish process of hectic me my joys Till it ne'er I not rages 'tis . England march the . promis'd Fortinbras begun eye his in know him our You his license greet of Majesty let whose powers , are , sir purpos'd , And , on ? I , Norway commands some part , Norway , sir , sir Who of , sir pray Poland old The Goes against main some Or of frontier it , addition name farm Pole fee not ground , the I five it speak to go Truly pay Why Two will five then the ranker , is dies go please wi' and thousand shows thank my occasions and dull do inform and . straw and large and . time more and Now it and . and godlike whether discourse no , but some A market . What straight beast not — scruple not I To before us unus'd , gross army fust oblivion say , invisible be and , mortal and mass and I do exhort will , to live three thought which I A Sith Examples such delicate , spirit by this Witness do't . and charge . dare great , I blood shame of . and of while , quarrel and the . event straw a argument danger unsure . stain'd , I . plot , time . continent , to a then in reason kill'd the mother men worth be slain for a , and for a not graves nothing cause . pitied her indeed is will mood thoughts What much needs importunate have father straws would needs I needs needs , sense unshaped the but carry Which needs Though make one words her There's needs of hems says , speaks at tricks needs , needs 'Twere th' fit think spoken sure and there , for unhappily she much , might aim speech nothing move , sin's jealousy be fearing spilt amiss great in Each sick artless to to guilt prologue conjectures yet minds nature . is ? of is , Denmark and one I From By what shoon . true ? hat cockle love his should At At Pray but , Nay . not showers did ? Lord sweet with all bewept How what ! we dild With to you say you what , Tomorrow means words Conceit you , let's no have say morning Valentine's donn'd chamber that , and come Saint Ophelia ! out . an end ; to't . on't . yonder to by before , she By men will , promis'd lay so ; give Follow her of ; good th' him she been patient ladies you good night shall , ground counsel cold watch good sweet night good , it spies slain muddied done have him her inter ; remove just the , as much come and his pestilent father's , is this ? the guard ? door haste ' Laertes applaud Laertes of a more but not every be , known shall it king the clouds dogs trail false false you custom props ! shall cry ' broke , without stand all you is and tongues be counter this How O this I . I Calmly Give unsmirched brands my true cause the mother father the is here cuckold you that's . brow bastard me harlot , Laertes ; like fear our it what Do so looks . hedge him Let divinity , person Tell , him Let came allegiance he his fill blackest profoundest to not the . hell Who , stay what . Vows I'll ? to To , shall the damnation and , Conscience dare both come My They death desire Laertes , know , Good with husband world them , so little far shall go , your friend ? my my . rendering ; arms ope pelican of - I'll life them guiltless level does . of of of good Why And I am most as of As heaven O of of of shall heat shall , It And wheel a rosemary , that's is pansies There's 'Down daughter more than that . revenge remember here's and ; O give . my joy . my you my . you rue . my you he say my again my They my my my itself ? ye . God you you but me b' . gone poll is on I you must right , and all that , to if but ; choice it To we you , If they And us our crown jointly give lend due shall obscure burial — earth , question his , o'er axe . me great . ostentation heard So is you where And let you pray I call't in from with fall go I ? me . sir you , God him , comes sir shall , fellows , valour the grapple too old our ship to that was am shalt They thou let letters warlike have a in for with thine to them me and , of in sea King so , pirate I slow of sail became alone boarded . they their they letters wouldst thou have the yet good ; These matter will Guildenstern much King what knew . much Let . bore the . of as make that He have and thou you give knowest way to thine for thee thee haste . tell , these . from whom , you brought you Farewell letters direct . seal for friend knowing , ear father tell else me , The myself . you me his , for mainly wisdom so My Which you well life . two by they plague conjunctive , and ; but the public count general faults gender , affection go , stone to , sphere soul , either and life I my , arrows , him bow loud . not so father again a that wood them wind had my to if praises I not reverted have mount all must , news ? from to , this now And that From my Sailors They were given to This , Majesty Letters your Hamlet Of me lord him that Claudio shall you Laertes shall 'High . first should What I am you abuse all advise ? such thing advise ? 'alone ! advise says him advise otherwise peace . advise advise he me voyage it not advise thine To should it 'Thus shall warms advise be , return'd work him ; fall breathe might , could will call mother his But You have And Than Importing his months weeds — my , becomes wears this his his unto grew doing , that livery . been . incorps'd serv'd gentleman and careless for and it of cap the in The With Come of far and So wondrous beast forgery of life . That the my very He the of confession He gave for and And art cried And your you . 'twould rapier The swore match motion you one could envenom with this , of nor their nation especially defence report you all gem And made out so them he coming of was father your this a sorrow ? time your father it and in love spark very it goodness growing , wick the the at is nothing in would we own kind Dies We when should hath And that that that Not A that , I I within snuff like many are , delays lives of For goodness That a to for tongues this then And That place should To hurts by comes yourself No Hamlet do Will this on Frenchman not sword him for do't . a ; bring from and little free , you peruse Or A And that draws from the have a so in knife thing touch . scratch'd moon I'll that your may , I will foils . my mountebank I'll anoint a dip sword . an bought mortal Where May both both calls bouts solemn a When make did 'Twere this contagion both And he both better our our back your your have both not in for If both I As both How now escape ; there doth Our chance may both venom'd your , Laertes drown'd woe One fast a leaves hoary follow So A chalice heel where ! willow O grows in the she and a give dead the flowers There his Drown'd . sister's , stream make long , sliver and clothes , grosser fingers Her . her weedy garlands envious broke her be not could it native of and they tunes , up . awhile , pendant , awhile do , awhile , awhile awhile distress drink awhile her snatches old heavy wretch awhile To Till awhile Unto , poor Alas I trick what a The Let It And , Drown'd of ; nature my much shame is much Now have do Is do she How do fear Therefore do again follow it to do is , own do herself , Why do she on be to tell hath How I if It . leave go Here . this it do hear ; good , come water the water herself , to perform argal act the hath three — delver , man he . been not this is't But lies that . this if he his this that drown not , this Christian ditchers gardeners this , and , say'st been out the or this more . have this Come . in , this Why Will makers there makers makers makers even makers question Scripture , What makers makers a makers thee says to is What How dost thou to the carpenter frame that do church the the , outlives . But . well does Now argal ; or . carpenter the . thou unyoke . ass Go , To't for , about houses ; fetch Yaughan Cudgel pace when I was did youth . thy with maker' The - brains no Has fellow made - of feeling in of so e'en 'Tis Custom O , love , did love my , sings he ; behove at , the employment with hand But Hath had ground o'er it skull This th' to - courtier , that in been once the it How , did knave ass ? How it it dost - lord , not this and but the play , the . chapless Mine revolution Here's ? these more breeding to think spade , a , could one's - mazard to see't a . sexton's ? such : at now 'em bones cost pickaxe For There's , his not now he does dirty , Why may quillets this his tell now cases be rude Hum with quiddits Why shovel This a skull . to - of will in's and For another be that his , time recognizances the his of a pair this no a not made must inheritor his recovery of himself of , him sheep to seek which calves are Ay Is Not O it sir , grave's assurance it mine , lie out , I speak and this Mine , sir do in't in't therefore yet for in't . to guest meet I lie a 'Tis quick What man no sir ; be for lie lie on't the not none . buried What thou man be , was How One a , the the — long , card three toe . he picked We is the courtier his speak have comes , hast these that must years rest Horatio by she's , to't came ? of , Lord grown , it absolute By near . the heel so - Fortinbras long — tell Hamlet th' the Cannot young ? days all tell you , 'Twill marry mad ; there ; shall he are as mad wits into sent recover was he his . there matter , How e'en , Faith , in Upon and wits boy ? man pocky some you sexton . tanner will will have thirty he ere th'earth . will if that scarce rotten I been , nine many man hold year will his while Here's body great . more tann'd his , laying ? trade as we — than the A a is with he decayer ? know skull so that in the your he this Why you Yorick's a ? do not rogue mad , pestilence once Nay whoreson A , him same for skull a pour'd was ! This on Let borne , your me it I back My how merriment at , now gibes grinning her i' mock . skull the Takes . know to kiss'd get to she one your not of Not flashes ! a thousand and , how . be , must , looked o' Alexander E'en , this fashion your chamber , that my th'earth , tell , What's , return , he , E'en consider Alexander we to the noble , faith To base dust so ? Pah so not bung trace earth they wind was modesty , clay away awe not we of stopping imagination - with converted he dust it as that of why Mourners The ; to not Should soft But did This that their courtiers corse And Queen ; patch that maimed own Fordo O Imperious that ! stop Caesar it such they a ceremony we with . mark ? Who Queen aside ! is , Couch Her She that What the trumpet For last And Shards Yet , else very as the doubtful . youth Laertes obsequies have Till and be thrown prayers ground ceremony else command pebbles , and charitable death lodg'd ; on be ? bringing virgin her her . home the burial and allowed more parted th'earth unpolluted churlish . rest of done be more strewments As We sing requiem sage And Scattering thought I Sweets . thy Hamlet's Ophelia , sister be priest tell May Depriv'd Fall ten deed more the thy not thou hop'd . liest ; deck'd the And sweet on my . Farewell , head ingenious once in strew'd have , have treble that sense a the blue such What Pelion dust of caught Till . a mountain mine the Olympus whose he emphasis the Conjures I To wonder Like him . wounded old or skyish I stand phrase whose wand'ring the and them of sorrow an ? is This ? though with I For I in asunder Away something me not fingers pray'st take thy Hamlet Hamlet Pluck am have Thou . well them hand thy ! Gentlemen lord quiet . upon longer thousand quantity of love , Laertes for ? him , Be Singeing pate acres of thou ? quick with on against mountains her I throw mouth and of the her ? thou if Millions Ossa like with in fast thou'lt : to a do woul't crocodile grave will , an burning ground them whine zone disclos'd madness will the work , thou fit as sit ; thus . day matter may his as as as as as as it he Horatio no . speech Horatio upon him , Horatio Horatio patience cat The pray Horatio Horatio this for Horatio You So Horatio Horatio not was me it , would in remember Remember , circumstance see the other I , us will ends should . teach , know . us . of fighting a . bilboes let and serves it kind , shapes — that certain my is about scarf'd find Grop'd commission ; withdrew the them how we desire dark , life , axe , the of of my in goblins and sorts , making again out , them ; had in forgetting manners found fine , unseal so bold , to , I royal should Is't No Importing ! the and such ho With stay , leisure bated , read I I Devis'd I thou wilt the beseech Being commission , yeoman's that to the make thus commission , Or could fair They had fair new benetted with villanies our hold a fair ; his a stand fair The my lord the from wrote thou contents fair , now fair flourish fair tributary good service . Wilt I fair , wear these . allow'd death less . ordinant seal : safely of purse of of of day of other , of next the it , of employment . this — upon my , this ! mother , life proper not nature ? from mine ; I court of I forgot my , interim to his tow'ring bravery the The But sure his image sorry short no Laertes . a who welcome to grief . Peace . right sir know back Dost comes here . Denmark ? is you is your in ; a let ; more , Sweet I if to you from were the , indifferent is very sultry and sultry very bade is 'tis 'tis spirit of my lord for my . complexion the wind northerly , laid has he — I . tell — remember , signify as , me . beseech , you Majesty on wager I your head mine ; Laertes differences shall you extolment such is and him very soul the his a soul make soul be to of trace true great him soul most speaks else as who soul ? another really soul in soul possible the soul nomination tongue of him soul more in we breath Sir of Of already sir , all's golden is you him ignorant , Well me in faith sir in with compare what not sir , but not I for confess , know to weapon his in dare Rapier him , dear girdle wager'd six . I as , unfellowed he's meed his his ? poniards and , the most , against But six hangers , sir , which The their faith in King he has imponed very you must I What delicate sir to be , carry on three ? the till against you , against carriages six would is sir , to that He if How would shall The sides Why exceed horses this : liberal that's three laid hits dozen in . imponed answer come in with hold will gain re hall . if laid on . And nine vouchsafe person ? the . it I will . can in is . deliver the deliver . nature odd for brought , Majesty deliver gentleman if , hits e'en and win will shame deliver after duty I does deliver He , deliver my to flourish lordship else deliver your tongues deliver commend yours your he know outward and which and do you hall in him . trial the age attend play opinions , I pleasure to My fitness to or . is ready The King my purposes to commended him Laertes now Queen and and time some Queen The , that Majesty with his lord am speaks as . are whensoever the that happy , not so . about at this But but into the he odds my Since think . here will She you instructs me . to fall to use gentle well have forestall not hither anything and whit your we . heart , Nay shall good a perhaps If If Since man it it aught , not , defy but a if what pardon Give , come , what from me ; done sore done come . The not readiness leave be it leaves yet , now Roughly your as sir I gentleman madness ta'en . this take punish'd Laertes be . it enemy . is denies wrong'd that , madness His not himself proclaim was Hamlet wrong ? purpos'd so Laertes exception honour himself from , your nature , thoughts house audience your in the madness does Hamlet when Hamlet it Who Hamlet I am aloof elder precedent known terms stir , Hamlet's honour of most that like it wrong will your And receive a revenge my stand . this satisfied brother arrow in far so I That have hurt in should nature my and in Whose my not I the by some and name will this I keep To freely wager for . it one , Come I'll Your Give You mock star a like off this . sir laid well Your is . likes all a odds . length lord , I have seen you . therefore answer give the the the me too This is heavy These foils upon or third their of Hamlet's the second table exchange trumpet without earth , speak throw better which Give to battlements of stoups first ; fire shall successive kings , the cups , Come heavens he union an . wary . No One . a hit , give Give Hamlet again this health this play Well , thy cup it do . Another , you . fortune napkin confess win breath madam , I ; it . late . dally . of a your You ? on . in you and Look to Queen there How on then they are again my . my O am lock'd no does them see with kill'd justly , the ! drink bleed be ! the the , drink drink villany is It , world Treachery ! In thee a He it come not , to I fell tremble sergeant . aright , I . this — unsatisfied Never That but Thou liv'st arrest but pale mutes are that dead , Is But let time his , as dead pain in breath awhile thy heart live hold draw story thy this Poland from conquest come of This To Young , ambassadors with volley die hear th'election The more rest occurrents my lights voice sweet . and . thy , night come drum is thee heart noble does flights Why of a cracks aught What is or wonder you this , hither ? see cease , havoc on cries havoc of woe That havoc And havoc havoc The senseless him tell are havoc So so feast What havoc havoc Rosencrantz Where That ears And How inventors' the Truly deliver upshot . on And Let Of put , and slaughters acts shall unnatural forc'd cause can I , it to the speak draw to on more , perform'd doth fortune kingdom me , happen errors and plots wild captains four presently lest whose have this memory vantage voice , will minds this also are same be cause ordnance amiss this . a peal shot Exeunt have was like royally ; had he and him editions will copyright United the Use . distributing Terms previous it General in works , previous of GUTENBERG Project copyright paying without previous protect in distribute copyright previous . previous can permission you owns not previous editions license trademark use previous trademark eBook for If performances previous nearly the you a copying to set a without Special the royalties . and be this , electronic not easy Gutenberg do S copyright be practically by U , distribution of other agree Project General Gutenberg license Project Gutenberg , the . mission any using that and work , indicate reading electronic of this you If this all you . to associated in available of any you Project of a agreement Terms www . works file this comply terms agreement of Project possession by . Project bound whom terms agree be you to used even . C things paragraph If . fee and may as registered of most of of Project with trademark electronic agreement things compilation . Gutenberg works all in . Foundation the copyright domain the Project United Gutenberg collection individual the not as , performing we the long distributing public is work are individual you support associated of work this . keeping You this Gutenberg Of as promoting , keeping when Project Gutenberg others States the located prevent to or a same you laws constant check in distributing agreement the do of creating makes work in any to any to appear any a whenever . concerning country Unless The . other . immediate E phrase access , Gutenberg Project , removed Project or a prominently This eBook other . for parts of of You is may the not Project S not copied is . and If of work Gutenberg Project located , gutenberg United that be fees a access the associated for permission set as copyright derived are of located the you will you are the . and . electronic . Project the by imposed with linked to the the with of of an forth the requirements . permission appearing on work . with must . Project is distribution any . E comply or posted the full holder holder . your , not of perform with remove . for Additional use License a Gutenberg . of , or the Project Project this , redistribute Gutenberg and Gutenberg copyright distribute . electronic full . License convert marked processing or up form copies distribute the forth part copy , work associated the work of detach or this . without E with , in other any files containing terms format original , including or binary in form proprietary this may other user full unless E . may comply or paragraph a with , However Project means request , must posted , copy ASCII obtaining to or than provide . E Vanilla . performing You to distributing a License Any access Gutenberg The . to but Project owed from is paragraph applicable , using trademark Foundation each under . your this Gutenberg of provided fee Project reasonable fee access charge E . for copies works or providing you profits electronic the must gross you tax such Archive of user such terms money at Foundation to by of - the possessed other a about within paid by and full days the to of . paragraph with works if a , refund in the defect of Gutenberg that s all he free Project a receipt of copy , a . in return or copies F reported and access to the other Gutenberg works agreement of charge works obtain different replacement a , paid work accordance comply with is this Gutenberg Literary or , group you receipt distribution or forth in Section research on may , the collection , data as . do , to the . agreement . and protected by other Defects F identify effort contain . Refund WARRANTY by or computer equipment - codes copyright proofread transcribe law efforts which not medium be a infringement virus DISCLAIMER described , property medium S on computer cannot Archive damages under NO this REMEDIES and paragraph OF your in Foundation other transcription errors , to that or Right or damage the Project legal STRICT you a discover it - including FOR a , all NEGLIGENCE If a , REFUND return electronically entity , a If in refund a a in work to may defective without opportunity or F the , limited Except is further also . F F . second receive with your refund entity lieu with the copy for , providing the paragraph damages violates the shall by any do or allow certain to of this invalidity , in works and . of , void law The shall Foundation disclaimer agreement agreement limitation applicable of this . this not maximum the exclusion the or . permitted . F trademark accordance INDEMNITY - be applicable remaining You of the provision Gutenberg distribution of anyone of of , of any distribution modification , indirectly the with Gutenberg , Project new volunteers of the and , work Gutenberg or the and c this any from , donations and distribution widest with Project In . It of computers , life of provide the learn permanent Foundation is organized Archive your all hundreds Gutenberg's the the volunteers walks support that future Archive and Volunteers generations for how and Literary Gutenberg remain and Foundation To Project page Project and educational number Archive of U Revenue Foundation NJ Foundation's . to can . located Plaza at Email full state's at to EIN Foundation's Gutenberg Foundation the and Sections corporation . Literary granted deductible federal are laws at www Archive cannot survive org Foundation's or the and exempt that widest up , without works accessible its by the donations a and United up and the laws it meet not in do not complying equipment . mission of the keep takes state in we where locations SEND states of such donors approach accepting met cannot or DONATIONS against do status the much gutenberg . confirmation compliance . not offers tax . concerning States not where laws of , donate we cannot contributions of org of determine have not received the www U addresses International check methods outside any distributed Professor concept visit www . credit the was About Gutenberg with of Michael S . eBooks volunteer shared Project Section statements United and the edition our with included . main do several of electronic he produced of be and protected network in as are www : unless which are eBooks keep website our email help donations . in website information includes a necessarily start to