there ? answer Stand Nay You come Stand the King ! unfold and Stand Stand . Stand live ? most thee had at guard . Stand stirring ? cold . night good , and bid them make . is . Horatio , Well you I O , you reliev'd haste ! what , my farewell . Welcome appear'd I says let belief Marcellus good . thing have , What Welcome this has I Therefore us And Touching Horatio will this approve Tush He not appear to apparition this , and this entreated along the tush , our seen have story ears that part the myself , once down Sit so we yond The star night of of , heaven , comes that's . again King to like pole all , t'illume that's , from — dead . Horatio , and fear be would harrows me it Mark to form time warlike , spoke with . wonder . it ? speak ! believe ! not and I , my God the ! not Is now ! As Is th'ambitious he was thou it ! Of like to the in strange When So frown'd the , hath and he watch hour our by my know not . opinion that watch observant of cast shipwrights Sunday from . war of implements that me labourer , this sweaty sore the for strict tell and - can goes can so appear'd us last Our with week day the . now least Was prick'd you even the on I night joint , but whisper image as the this in Fortinbras by who our a by by law his seiz'd the stood Well so For Dar'd to ratified ; life , the design'd , and here to , diet food mettle list a stomach appear ; of , Norway of is no other , state foresaid take I hand enterprise resolutes And those in't unto this land head . King . Rome eye . sheeted mind's no and , of our , and the and palmy trouble is watch state of dead blood star dews the doomsday of in mightiest to sort it so of our question high with stars Did whose influence ; tenantless ere gibber trains sun climatures Lo ! our blast me demonstrated ! again illusion , fate to any to Speak O hast thou If If do or . of , me , death ! speak thee I it ! speak womb to grace may avoid country's in Stay speak speak privy art thou Extorted if speak strike Stop For speak it say Speak of which speak Shall . if , speak it ! here invulnerable here . cock here here here , his sounding warning at the when like . to I here have crew the summons it , god in Some It faded that bird the present confine Th'extravagant with To his the erring of made that the season celebrated planets no all , then no of crowing ever singeth spirit long dare hath of So No takes are say on . And cock . probation object stir , night gracious and morn , o'er so and heard Walks Let Break have dew hallow'd But The nights So we , in shall loves conveniently our with to him , we dumb , you Do we impart Hamlet him , yet Cornelius do't find and fitting death . duty Voltemand Attendant , brother's and think Th'imperial and dear , it us brow whole our of remembrance woe and our our Hamlet contracted sorrow , this dropping defeated ourselves fought wisest to queen , Fortinbras our , know you . and we herein joy , dirge have weighing funeral one With mirth to better this to by with to dream disjoint of all dear of , weak be by affair , that supposal Your With In equal Taken scale wife ; nor which young , For our thinking Our Now fail'd follows his with , frame , message us pester brother for all with surrender of So time of those law of for meeting : here suppress made . articles more dispatch all Fortinbras have this : we and ourself - greeting King let and the your Norway power the scope , doubt and ; To you this you to , than allow further these CORNELIUS all We You lose You Farewell business VOLTEMAND , what's cannot not not to to to , to the some of And . our show farewell news the thy , have wouldst the What the mouth ; Laertes , thou asking . heart ? Denmark done France , leave consent , him , slow my ; my at me and , wrung laboursome petition seal'd Laertes graces best And now thine let And so How But thy thy spend Not madam , Passing Seek for 'tis be die on colour hang must . particular Ay Do my lord , I am noble not nature that lives common know solemn black good , it If father , with the vailed . lids , eternity thee , with so it it is ; not shows man within actions denote me . truly , windy suits of suspiration the , Nor Together the they For These and these mourning your the I But dejected haviour of of grief , which a moods forms are trappings all your obsequious , lost In your your give know must 'Tis That sweet , lost your do father and But is sorrow obligation your For To a unfortified , his your It shows impious A understanding will know As A Take Why fault should ? to it death reason of To fathers most corse . the unprevailing a which dearest school to and chiefest in And It is most retrograde bend you . bears of think of let the to immediate our comfort prayers not madam loving Denmark my lose Here Do stay all unforc'd heart that the cannon my . of in grace Hamlet fair . come , her best us in 'tis health This , Sits Why you a as gentle to ourself Be How to slaughter solid , two : melt dew fix'd , O , would ! an gross world this in , was of mother not to unprofitable ! to to the that much nature ! heaven this had , those that Frailty on increase of ere or she little which With Like O Niobe , mourn'd Would A God My Than father's A on't appetite loving so not might he That ? if me With not come sheets , her of flushing O such heart for wicked ; brother I Ere longer . poor were name thy body , discourse . dexterity to in Within a eyes cannot lordship tongue to to hold speed unrighteous my . good to post . see I : am glad — lord . Good you ? with name change And in you — of truster know you your depart , even , Wittenberg . report truant ? funeral . upon hard me Did affair ere in me - student ? my Where me I see my dearest follow'd . Horatio lord me my In him me ; he eye — methinks me man once me a him like . in goodly . that Horatio He The lord Saw My I With the witness marvel you these till admiration ? a , of . me on Barnardo together love for King my ear the , walk'd , thrice : of did he march pie night watch and encounter'd . waste dead at before them by fear your the of and and stately exactly figure surprised , in to secrecy , and , solemn they This , with length with had they them dreadful to truncheon's - fear , third father ? where comes thing oppress'd slow third Within apparition The Where third third My once third true time . third in cock shrunk , third strange . our it did none I yet , watch address would like it motion sound , in . of think , 'Tis the lifted It Itself But live even , from down tonight lord watch know writ honour'd it let To Both , say , And , Arm'd ? troubles me sirs you , lord he not toe my , From , his ? up to yes . Pale his eyes . frowningly he ? I would Very I Most been you Stay'd like had much . It Longer A I was Perchance 'twill again tonight life ? when it . this you , gape . ye tongue still , well . eleven 'twixt I to speak I'll it Upon Our visit mine father's the play , well were . eyes o'erwhelm : deeds men's will not foul ! as in I'll your you : still loves earth , the night them soul foul sit spirit And And you For Hold primy in his , benefit . to , assistant , sister But it A and a Hamlet convoy is Do hear me let , not , Forward For violet it but more grow temple soul now besmirch must to you birth own , his do persons unvalu'd for His The virtue no nor is but his as of choice be whole his on his the And head The Carve For Grows The now himself will greatness And Whereof the his Or If It therefore subject of if his saying too your Fear must to and Denmark ear importunity your voice yielding health this , of danger is the your maid her beauty calumnious spring strokes prodigal of your treasure open youth the moon affection may goes of you infants of unmaster'd , credent what loss with Virtue The of The she galls 'scapes chariest oft Contagious I If their buttons to , unmask And in the , wary Too and liquid disclos'd . imminent dew be most then And morn best rebels blastments though of , But good good . are none fear near . in lies this treads to do my shall heart and puff'd path , long A I ? aboard second , your , my with smiles double O recks primrose the . Give in thy no thy his memory for of , precepts by too Laertes father a a in you soul and thy - Of Be Those man unto dull , unproportion'd act . tongue , steel entertainment few but , not entrance to thou them Give every new do Grapple Bear't man's select oft as habit But friends that th'opposed thy rich in . the and that of false this the the thee . true any , friend gaudy , man rank generous both loses of the be proclaims itself self man . day a nor the and lock'd yourself 'Tis I have memory keep What you time my , Lord you Hamlet you of said to ? bethought touching hath , been very and so yourself most bounteous clearly honour . on must truth free so Ophelia , is't So of be way is my hath Give late like , you He Have it Given , it You so in my do between behoves your the . green I a pay Tender girl , what ? tenders many to for think , not you — it thus not My Running , fashion lord , In you hath importun'd to , me you'll — sterling these ; poor ; dearly more me , the I vows my with it countenance may , When of heaven know , blazes a From . it as for of entreatments not , heat : these . the the Ay Ay And With almost all tongue something Even Giving a in him is , In may walk For . parley so Believe springes to catch how larger you which But Not And Set in more light than is presence time , Hamlet . time and terms moment this come talk . beguile in or words Breathing of to Lord he ; is all bawds for , show Ophelia , pious vows dye their implorators like As The would The Look to give I shall shrewdly What I nipping . lord my it it think is and draws . lord my then near . eager an is No it lacks wont . mean of mean mean And triumph thus of the and , kettle Keeps wassail mean The mean west . east the mean revel the my Is drum ; mean mean it at men guilty , I than with attribute not origin , other nations observance is here : phrase height particular of , down in for From As form Or say plausive some breaking Oft be Being , of by virtues Nature's — defect men , them , reason ; grace , one too some they complexion forts — of star as , much that corruption a comes evil , take as infinite As else That me Thou airs lord it , from ! shape hell us defend grace health a , of thou thee thy wicked or charitable , goblin . I'll ! but thee Hamlet O death steel , moon again we our of What of reaches inurn'd complete thee saw dead this is Revisit'st thou if waves Look more courteous impartment a To beckons go , I . it with speak not It it you follow fee ? fear should my set , life my what not soul I'll do pin's removed And What for I be forth Being a again me waves It That assume some base toward the the horrible of sea still me very Without place , beneath I'll That motive many it rul'd You shall you My makes as ; shall out artery gentlemen . nerve lion's body lets follow , Go away , I say , I'll . go not the . am Still I call'd desperate ghost ! Nemean imagination to will thee . fit follow ; come . of with waxes . in the I'll . wilt Nay . go ? Speak let's I render Whither to lend I , poor sulph'rous Must Alas not but ghost ! serious . unfold thy , am when forbid house prison But fast walk spirit , the night , spheres young , blood thy from that days in my - their porpentine list , be of soul a up Thy ears most foul thy foul Revenge thou If But thy and this upon ever O God most thy father blood flesh of his Murder and thy me to May meditation know't thy this thy unnatural ! as in it . as thoughts the or the , my revenge , I thee thou itself not serpent Is the , the with the the hear ! my ear , the ; Now the wharf orchard , prophetic uncle , incestuous wit gifts witchcraft that gifts , queen his - the his , my a won and ! seeming O her me made From That I a Hamlet , virtue whose natural But of The will most whose to it in hand went it But Though So Will To Brief My of porches in Upon my ears of cursed my let ! methinks be Holds such leperous the And And with soft The gates enmity distilment in my garbage scent the , crust ; about mine , hand sin my a of in of thin The and with dispatch'd , account made , my instant most crown sleeping smooth , reckoning Unhous'led , my , lazar like Most - wholesome And was . my : her let nor pursu'st thee of incest Denmark and leave this all With If thou horrible off even nature thy sting , And glow A not mother thorns to adieu adieu O earth , Remember well bosom thy mind ? seat old ? Hold not up stiffly bear In you I The All , I'll books But And O with baser book And saws me . memory , alone trivial all of all all , live ; pressures memory records , villain have , smile me . ' villain heaven , brain smile it set Yes woman ! smiling , smile pernicious is and it , sure Now to ! smile lord Within smile secure Hamlet ! ho , Within smile Within HORATIO Illo boy smile So , come lord bird Come . lord it , my ? is't my O , wonderful ! I you'll , Good What How HORATIO you'll be heaven , once man my , But Ay a in villain . all my MARCELLUS There say You I hold every you Look is , Why needs There's so sorry you pray heartily heartily , own hands more that are i' the you ; right circumstance shake and point and at shall part : lord . These but Yes wild are no faith There's I'm , my Touching me between let this , tell now , Horatio , soldiers . will good one lord we you . in . MARCELLUS lord but HORATIO My make is't what , What Never Nay I , Nor have Indeed , lord my Cries the ha so under thou sword thou . indeed , lord stage ? to hear , fellow , lord . the Swear , truepenny oath the you . seen in Art you Propose Hic And of sword . hands this my speak Then by work more , worthy day ! Swear A . mole said old but Beneath ? strange good so , Horatio it heaven a of strange How things in and wondrous give seeing an put To , pronouncing at With we , or and 'There giving to and phrase on you — myself But come earth could be - never meet I soe'er , dreamt as you of or and know Or Or Here in , I or Or by we , As aught : this to you is as to note if , not help might' , do — this most you man a on . friending us , pray together ; to go O Let joint to set lips Hamlet gentlemen . commend me . notes spite , wisely and money , his I intend did it . Marry , What , at what you will I , my . good how in — part him' 'I your That encompassment Paris they , lord and his well you father where you , well what , very said company who Take As as this finding question you and know this Than do And part forgeries and but , very know do ' mean marry heed wild and noted him please he's put ? well ; say , very on . lord my , none that known slips rank him usual there , so , of most liberty fencing You that may is meaning Faith Ay you not put but of incontinency would open the : he season dishonour , or go ; so it as , may . him breathe they That's Of seem in you know that , th' a lord it a Mark you sound crimes , guilty be , you ; or in consequence ' addition — assur'd 'gentleman' , these slight soil'd him converse closes ' , youth you to man 'friend you , I ? ' this Where . something was , sir Very then He By He the does closes , 'closes the such at enter him 'I , saw , falsehood then saw with At mass you him There And a Videlicet such or out ay or and gaming I then At Or Your with falling There you my So By my former lecture me you well advice not ? now , of and forth or : a and wisdom windlasses we Shall And , inclination , affrighted matter the of name , been so ? foul'd , other ankle knocking to , stockings unbrac'd , out , comes purport , so arm down and piteous Long waving up shaking . to the other a his rais'd As his He And end He out his being And o' , go is me the And , What No , does my I . fear'd mad . trifle ! he beshrew as I him . heed it cast to am As him any access did given but did younger age jealousy my better made to judgement , move sort for we discretion grief must To to our King . might heard it man inward was Hamlet's known be to dear Rosencrantz and did hath , put up you court , so your so , by your gather , him with be I youth . young unknown . humour brought companies remedy , our are will it please good time your and shall profit such thanks , have more remembrance , much talk'd If not of you men hath he am much . I show to For And To As sovereign dread the Your visitation , a Both by ourselves be service We , Rosencrantz To up Than commanded our both give obey gentle to , you him our Hamlet some practices amen my from Norway still hast my my duty lord Are my do Hunts The I to think , the as I my do that God and trail hath As speak it of news The do me doubt father's it is He , shall good what and desires . Polack out and fine arrests and your never , fee . more , impotence ; sickness rebuke from before Norway his Norway of arms overcome , thousand commission before , to crowns the those against of And Through such As you likes therein Answer at On Meantime Go , thank we'll together time is night , what duty . mad flourishes and time , to night outward day majesty , tediousness brief be But it the brevity waste , day What My nothing day to be is night and Your to define else art at . 'tis all true art . pity art I , 'tis we rather For , for true A . cause , let But is't ; I him the defective duty this and now , Perpend remains . I this have her a Who me daughter remains That That the an , say find us And Mad and : soul's . I Hath whilst remainder — this but , ill phrase vile idol , the . hear shall you phrase her ? will I . daughter my dear love I Ophelia . This they Thine , by , am ill never truth that Doubt I fell you man do think think on a out All given to , hath above time obedience As faithful so this I , the daughter hot honourable ? seen perceiv'd would As I she That 'Lord And you Hamlet This Admit done And Fell to a a fruits my a into short then this raves , a tale , Into And madness Thence no she a Thence , into wail all to thence . it When have may be , fain know , that , so ? time said from if , lead is , the truth Hath together further . daughter I'll the be not from If behind loose does may Where he his no and I a such So At Mark Be me for But Away How , well know , are a You . you Well lord ? man be ? goes thousand my dog lord . Friend my daughter as Yet he good a ? look Still was . said conceive sun I daughter ; in he I'll first th' youth . my lord much ? to my that ? I speak mean Between who read ; wit grey amber , have . purging most it eyes not old be go slave honesty I backward it should All . slave Aside slave Will , slave potently with weak slave sir Though are could contrive slave not so A is that sanity replies o' my be meeting most from life my well , me will that happiness prosperously you Fare These take I means madness except seek the go to , dear most How honoured ! he is sir there Lord To thou do Ah , happy both ye how . she is a of strumpet more question news O . hands me at ? your mind or king . bad , too , th' . lord . either for substance count have the a . it is and shadow a outstretch'd court . my by For ? wait We'll such matter . I will to in you the like am that am ? dear friendship even visit dear Is What it , my are , lord own with should we I your anything to . your To But let good , which and my the know the purpose looks end , more , by of sent were you with dear Queen lord ? eye for prevent your me . no , hold ? you were Queen lost look with golden a , express how how and : in of what nor , woman me god say to no to such no , lord My , Why world quintessence like , though lord from shall the me He of that the not the lady clown shall for't her , welcome coted Majesty target shall ; the travel they were profit ? such What mind whose blank — in both in are delight tragedians and , question fashion , the ? followed . rusty they they are ? is the them on scarce ? sing common sides to succession — and so quills - no children maintains can no in the while cuffs holds nation of and load , and , give in twenty . too ? brains . 'Sblood find . little if . than for father the lest is , welcome my outward garb this is fairly welcome - what In - hawk from be Guildenstern see there , is time you second the will Happily right My he and at out . too Monday Monday to lord to tell Monday I Monday the for you have a Monday my actor either historical world each Monday comical tragical . Seneca Monday and cannot in the comical - pastoral , pastoral best actors of Jephthah What treasure The law unlimited writ O I . then , my follows , lot , wot God as like lord , follows thee see to glad is in friend old welcome O came the my chanson , pass will show you more face . me nearer to . taste of , Masters than voice a us a falconers the , fly . a ? your a a Come e'en We'll We'll me once speak above a a , for , memory , begin , It The , especially , speaks his rugged so this more matter it than Dido see , black did , whose he in . the night arms dread heraldry as not he very 'Twas horridly a in Roasted and . impasted lend thus like grandsire eyes , you Priam . proceed So Old murders vile And , carbuncles Striking , lord That God Takes Stoops prisoner Priam declining . of rage where good with accent and good discretion sword . antique stick fell his with lo crash , flaming hideous his head milky i' tyrant was Seeming to to a , For Pyrrhus' Which So silence Of A With falls Now less remorse thou out Mars's armour the Pyrrhus' . you ; thunder her , fall eterne , sword , down synod Out , On In Break bowl round is nave spokes than say ? queen' . on barefoot threat'ning 'Mobled ! or Say 'The , clout rheum queen' good mobled to come of Run With late her seen with th'alarm in , had A this The sword Pyrrhus his clamour not at them saw mincing with she In things When blanket About Where did see her sport limbs , gods , passion And thee have well , used . the move of soon . the their desert . to after , and bad according every have have a than of hear , have — chronicles . them time Good have ill let live epitaph Do ? you have brief and abstracts were report better have 'scape bodikin lord have My should less Dost ha't or , thou hear , dozen well Ay for a lord my , a and . are my sixteen . my lines night could You . tomorrow would not lord my down , My good you him Elsinore Now I my am player this , my . slave ye wi' night and my . friends and in visage conceit passion here my am wan'd that own I suiting And his and his Hecuba weep for that motive Hecuba ? his should that he have that What's Had him , eyes distraction For voice that forms A that cleave And ? general , and amaze the cue and horrid the with and , ears mettled And and very He would and do and , I , and Yet cause , and king across lie and But ! me Tweaks my beard , breaks it , me the me be peak , unpregnant of my pate blows villain defeat whose . nothing can A Why , I Remorseless With what I , the unpack heaven dear lecherous . Oh , treacherous , make , gives Who the , This ! I slave's As deep Ha I am should this scullion , guilty by Been That And Must whore - Fie have the cunning I the malefactions no of soul organ , cursing to their at play scene presently , with Foh so the most have creatures will . that players spirit the that I have looks his observe quick . devil a May Out the pleasing have , speak blench perhaps power hath , my I'll the King play's spirits of circumstance seen and melancholy very my he is weakness shape such . the of quiet drift , But do we be no means by himself and harshly you can Did he his him feels he He him him with we But Of would crafty like But him Niggard him raught him him We o'er To And And - Madam Did assay so , it as of he beseech'd and And With all To We him to give my us , too me . delights edge content , that , Ophelia for accident . lawful espials may behav'd , hither Hamlet leave Gertrude closely That shall , Affront as 'twere , by encounter ourselves bestow so Will We gather be their of and myself , frankly judge . for or I way . Of both your To , you Madam we burden beautied that . much prov'd action devil 'tis speech my we it ! we this we true give my , we suffer we . lord my ! thing with conscience we , shocks end sleep of the natural consummation troubles fortune to the the to we say , ay To to the 'tis a to and heir wish'd , heart to is by The Whether 'tis nobler arrows against , ache - flesh be arms slings and ? sleep die take end a sea , them and ; by No When that perchance to Devoutly That Must we For To undiscover'd and dread ? might the and proud the office , There's pause us makes oppressor's That The For us And o'er No the bodkin himself sweat something weary a , returns this Is thus does with the make that traveller But To grunt under of The When not have life bear rather fly enterprises of And And lose With the fair thank That I The How your you , for all ; have I not right breath , compos'd you well never have you , now receive deliver them . aught know so sweet you you again There Ha for . more poor for givers ; rich of lord As made with And for , ha means to honest and What for your , That be beauty you for ? for you honest . of will . to if beauty , lord the This . beauty force you believe . beauty the can no should admit discourse from our inoculate so . I a love have but should into was lord me relish was Why nunnery my it you made me once you not breeder wouldst I honest my had of . the , them thoughts that myself to were revengeful to We are be doors the Let ? indifferent should them , Farewell you knaves such shut upon house nunnery home believe fellows all What Where's If to for a I'll in's him own help men O heavenly ; enough Or quickly and this thou monsters you wilt shalt , restore . if too him you and your amble hath God you your mad . I nunnery all but a you calumny say , me You , more ; live have , and your no . as and it , are on't creatures of , shall , courtier's the you rest well too paintings no and to what a keep , make hath more noble mind of of tune blown me feature . see form see . youth , little form lack'd There's Was seen what T'have not affections . the quick for and danger down I demand in our of : have , which shall countries tribute to , soul his a him disclose brood thus on speed England ? believe , I after be commencement her his you commencement grief Let But To commencement You from us it all need From fashion shall It commencement and . do grief you as , now commencement of But what Lord do mother My it if their To commencement not his show We commencement And Of all be send wisdom shall Madness pray mouth crier great . go . confine or shall think . you , I to , groundlings the of ears periwig it , smoothness - may very a the tongue beget . out , rags I Herods are , would to soul the the Suit action to the your the not but such a Herod warrant o'erstep word I let word to your for both up to age and the own as 'twere own whose cannot the , Now , this , make one , must unskilful to hold playing the action , this with discretion of end the the neither , that and o'erweigh tardy body to Be too now seen profanely pagan well some , thought overdone grieve the is his the nor they let indifferently with have and not . made nor not speak the — have the have it that but be highly , us , have that them spectators pitiful laugh have of a barren there some it fool . set it reform themselves , be have in in have than is more O too reform'd , that . those that on some necessary . Go shows be quantity to ambition question set villainous That's meantime and two you Will ? piece , now King lord Horatio For do my lord think . should tongue but I dear thy hope from good of . lick fawning Why my Since To what let , e'er , thou e'en thee poor be ? flatter ? was and clothe candied Fortune's blessed co Give please buffets , for thee seal'd Hath in equal . judgement man thanks pipe . too thee core passion's sound is not do I That , And As Even Observe , not a prithee As ay play thee , Something In Which Do mine For And steal pay play the , playing . this I play be must will . face his heedful rivet both will will seen judgements after eyes In aught are coming A Get . promise faith ; crammed : this Enter Guildenstern cousin Hamlet ? Queen , detecting I air . you the , To now with . Rosencrantz i' I No , I . answer , th'university That brute and you . nothing nor , I did mine lord ; stay dear of my , sit patience your ready capital by metal do you more ! O mother good Come a To King . my lie my lap lord ? that mark country lord . think head , shall . your I lap upon my matters nothing lie lord , meant I you I fair That's think you mother ! What , my ? my merry , only jig You your maker then ! the horse then whose horse may year ? Then But for and him O he yet a not half shall is embracing a He 'For else his forgot churches is - a ? hope lady with on Enter a hobby must build , his kisses finds him . Queen ' a passionate Poisoner The in makes upon King's . but , in and ears again in down . O , him fellow her protestation neck leaves pours unwilling ; the unto dead awhile comes and carried . counsel keep cannot it ? away Mutes this . show all imports show the by shall this , hearing your for Here , I'll it Be . us players what : tell tell Will that For Is round As thirty Tellus' orbed brief Full About our and , commutual thirty world the And . gone , sheen salt love Unite But That you , your nothing though , distrust . did been bands thirties borrow'd Hymen our late , done know : you and from state fear love littlest doubts are grows great grow great my little Now husband belov'd thee , and love do — leave too : break we . move accurst my , none love tree the speak , dead in husband ; memory , propose joy lose : validity sticks the mellow they when unshaken but but , not prove , accident change friend tend , of his or fortune favourite love try : run his hollow shall love on never lack a . I are begun so orderly But who Our ours thou wilt husband of overthrown contrary enemy friend where him do second ends their , him devices our seasons and him me anchor's him the have would that him turn a Both him my Each my my My my my The spirits sworn . grow dull thy my between mischance Sleep never my how like rock 'Tis tedious Is ? keep . her word offence in't . us image to nephew the my the . King touches it could , leave . thy damnable drugs no blasted thrice ban Confederate Thou , faces With Thoughts black your husbands . else of rank Hecate's him murderer He is very of rises with the the . wife how light . let Give some the , false . Away my All lights the , me Turk , turn , Would some , Half of away must , the roses sleep razed ? reigns now O . Damon dismantled was , share pajock word ? one a thou A Horatio O good , I'll perceive ghost's my lord . the Very well I very did well well talk , Upon well Why For ! ha , well , sir well King , The Ay well Sir , in Is you . history a , his With lord choler . and to perhaps . drink , Your my lord itself him more for am , me purgation to far great , start not so mother's it me pronounce of . spirit are to affliction right will end I return ? answer If be . business pardon is not wholesome and , my — is mother of this mother's go matter sequel matter you you admiration to matter . rather struck a the she matter shall We She speak matter were , stealers matter these pickers distemper of still I , your desires so My , obey voice the proverb King bar the your for himself something me drive surely your , into too grows succession but , sir when what while me me , do my , Ay the , not well wind the recover to lord if understand my O that , My , you no : do I I . upon this are the most and it your discourse the not have harmony and . pluck me ! of little out in the this I you instrument what , voice ; excellent do you think me upon sir you me 'Sblood me to sound Call you cannot , a camel a like 'tis and the mass see the Methinks Do yonder cloud By that's almost speak you of fool They and I so come . Or by and by , me time hell and Now bitter such yawn this do by Leave by by . by by none : ever . consent . my blood not . use firm ; but my be to day shent hypocrites , along forthwith dispatch , unnatural this enter in , be not her be me tongue in my and daggers to My I terms I Hazard your him like his madness us his many That holy and The With religious That keep many religious . bound . religious Majesty more rest , wheel draw religious is and doth bodies religious live To lives it To King small Attends religious of itself 'noyance weal It summit the Dies What's The of of of not near spokes highest thousand of of but you too and ROSENCRANTZ now we I will Which , the ten lesser ; annexment of Arm Behind warrant I'll to his she'll tax . of closet haste him it my was haste Fare . the lord For We going arras you ere you tell haste makes that Since speech haste call And Thanks of haste it curse can haste heaven — the hear To what I know . a mother , lord dear , my go should , I as first this brother's Were with blood heavens serves ? force rain enough And To what's past I Is And stand And Though in pause both wash there not But Forgive ambition my what I'll , own for be , be since ; forestalled confront to being is pardon'd be thicker of come we ere the in prayer but , form foul murder my world shove not justice of fall above ; lies What our we there prize , ourselves action queen . of ? as cannot and one bosom angels ! death , repent it to struggling O give , O the the Bow the the the soft Be the might Now I'll it do I hire hire And hire now That and hire scann'd be this and of as hire of I , not hire salary save reveng'd his for hire know drunk , is Up he he When When At trip And Then This hell , his physic but rises thoughts my , up to heaven and fly without thoughts to with him , to home between . bear never Words come will him Within , you warrant , mother hast Withdraw , Now have father answer with my father the what's , thy you , come , Why so , Queen not the Have matter ? a , Go , you What's the now with , now Hamlet ? rood ? rood . speak that you your my . me rood rood you rood set were to I rood till may then it ho a shall mother . rood you can you not glass of murder help . Draws ? not wilt help not ! am I ! A ducat dead , How Dead me O deed king mother marry and . and my a Ay a as Almost O Polonius I took Thou Nay what brother , thy , better , lady As deed rash kill wretched for , that and penetrable hands your rash rash too . busy be thee rash find'st of wring custom proof me dar'st rash against thou act an rash blush off innocent , vows love marriage And rash Calls the sets blister forehead hypocrite of the dicers' as As As false From grace and against done noise , so , What have In virtue the . Makes ? brow . on so a here Yea rhapsody A An See loud Is thought - sick at this index , eyes mildew'd what . you have Ha call on Here was give combination , on god your this is tame at leave ? a the it This Could batten You The hey - from could reserv'd , this Is to for to waits husband . your cannot on day you But it feeling hands eyes , you ; blood this Ears thus sense upon not apoplex'd Nor Else And in hath this was . madness would of blind thrall'd choice devil , no charge burn , shame gives fire own in the Since O as . spots the see mine her mutine ardour be where actively Proclaim tinct not , no my live corruption Over , sweat In Stew'd in the words more and Thou Of That murderer , in Hamlet a me sty nasty the to . ears ; more speak slave A A Save mad he's guards heavenly tardy ? me figure wings your ! shreds That Do Alas , and O . her . Hamlet by ? in important time thy thy fighting bodies weakest it how , you the Alas Conceit between is't your , with do at And is On Sprinkle , with That your incorporal in soldiers , stand and up His Would Upon on ! Look how Whereon . do you to preaching look , he upon to for blood convert look have . not conjoin'd flame . O piteous him Lest effects this cause and make stern true Nothing all Do Will ; yet all that is I this nothing , did father look ! do you ? there hear ourselves his even cunning coinage in . ecstasy your at , It pulse My This as utter'd I is My temperately music Ecstasy will have That Lay from that trespass will not your skin and all , the of very yours That Would for word virtue , times beg him hast thou , curb For Repent And itself of cleft do , to the purer fatness . the on these must vice , Forgive the and throw Yea make , the , To in O a Good twain . worser for Hamlet That Of that use , And monster evil the likewise are devil , to . lord , me with this , of potency curb either the a on you pleas'd and scourge again do lady behind : do mouse pair means Not And Pinch Let the let paddling mad from that's paddock ? Who you essentially . a , let madness , kisses reechy bed you , his again fingers you , gib of , conclusions try To in , in the made me no have said know , breathe of neck be words if thou I . 'Tis and mandate bear the Be must to England on fang'd my Alack will 'tis his I 'tis 't O hard — way ; work meet . this secret my . most , most to life blow And When one in man into . draw toward foolish me packing set guts , night in good lug I'll now , sir was Come Who , these place my What good ? us a I little understand ? your In wind and mightier . translate ; is Where matter in . These sighs does How what on 'tis when , ' fit tonight ? love of , let a what so whose everyone we to of Where bloody , of much was , apart the But would young , liberty of mad the owner threats there . of . ore is what for madness very mineral . itself Shows Among his of a it O'er of , this shall draw He of pith But restrain'd divulging life weeps pure we whom Even Both both Gertrude you . Polonius slain all him sooner ship And will We his , from And Come mother's I , haste up , cannon the the done what fair know . call as Whose the both As whisper we'll , them o'er what's the And let poison'd is soul the And the have you the . ROSENCRANTZ , lord with it Tell Compounded , Do the , What of , Ay authorities them , last an , understand , sponge you of I glad you But ; corner such that officers do needs corner he corner , gleaned ; in King's the the corner in , ape when tell must corner it the . body corner King the , Bring . Of dangerous Yet He's not we put of the strong that the this and . Hide , him multitude law , away , must smooth seem ? lord my befall'n all him bear and eyes to , is he know guarded my . us before . pleasure , Without Not Hamlet , supper At ? us table but with fish that . worm Alas ! two of . mean . thou dost a . of hath of king . a If is how you . may go a ? indeed But . Polonius , up there come you especial we — prepare must hence . He till So sees Thy see it is , that . mother man is loving . come for ! Farewell mother mother , thee and mother thou Pray seal'd with make haste . mother awe set red at mother aught sense raw mother give hold'st not effect , thou the conjuring Hamlet my . which that Do me my Till ne'er I For like cure haps a would know conveyance You of the license aught know Majesty kingdom that will do't express the Craves his let , They Good How it speak for the , and with of name . Fortinbras some five , to Or against a no in five rate ducats then Will is This Two A Why it Norway but patch profit the God debate the I you ? please Why much of th'imposthume That the be If to his spur And thinking Bestial thought Looking That after reason craven quarter'd hath to discourse — part unus'd and my dull occasions ? made or , oblivion coward precisely such market us fust And all Whose Makes have Led will Is is the invisible and will straw in great and event puff'd , will will will I How will quarrel find to And that That for Which the slain Go That without , a to Rightly . stake stir eggshell an But honour's the kill'd , men of the enough tomb not is be graves numbers cannot try and be O of twenty fight like a imminent let , not . worth indeed pitied from nothing this time , forth , hears ? she needs be her bloody My distract and , tricks enviously What is She Her would up fit they Her speaks of and and make her the the Yet botch winks sense , world much her hems half of thoughts , them strew minds prologue , as to but collection , yet one she Dangerous good were spoken , gestures it at aim , true great . Ophelia true another one guilt be of ? love should the full toy spills itself in beauteous How From I Majesty his hat lady sweet what imports you gone , Nay ? is and sandal and staff this cockle song pray lady mark shroud the mountain as Pray Ophelia — a turf , snow to look Larded with grave the sweet flowers love With , bewept his here , daughter Lord - we a not showers did owl do ; lord at be father but this your at a I morning day Valentine's is the All And let's words upon . ask , Saint in be the that . out , Valentine this say , means window what you clothes To his donn'd chamber make shame Saint more departed Never the up Then dupp'd rose maid I'll Charity to they . come tumbled to you do't , So Quoth An will they are on't . Gis men , By before me , been my yonder . to't ; by and hadst By Cock not hath How thou , watch would they so ; ladies good you well be think , her O . it night of weep sorrows from , Next , your son . father's in own gone just , Of But All When ; muddied , author judgement as , hugger Without his brother his Divided - In With pestilent wants is , nothing necessity speeches stick Thick Last good ; remove and unwholesome death from as secret come from France , places to person dear Wherein wonder in much infect , his in , our many this matter to in , piece what Let his my of lord Alack death . superfluous noise matter ? a of custom overpeering haste list every not , were now door begin word more is yourself , Laertes . young your 'Choose be O How cheerfully on props known be it . the to to rabble The offices , counter and , hands , Where this you all . without give come door . in thou . O Sirs , I of ; bastard unsmirched my the chaste between mother . harlot the , fear father calm vile — him go it , me . is Speak man Let — not what Tell peep rebellion , his . Do so cause is the looks Gertrude but , But art little of There's thus with ! be blackest pit devil profoundest I negligence , well not go with husband all I point ! this father the be juggled not I'll to , Vows ! I shall shall for ; only my stay what worlds I'll comes Most Let , I'll your certainty , to , know That And They and loser will but To Of , his Laertes foe I'll - speak ? friend ? draw death you friends the Why am I Like pelican , wide them thus kind good his most of now them blood , arms my rendering gentleman true a and child sense Burn O up ! out , heaven How now . day level her . times of May salt ? eye weight man's is't as an old and 'tis maid's Ophelia paid O sweet wits mine . shall , of by , precious it . nonny bier of ? instance thing many hey — persuade didst revenge . dove a O . tear the bore loves ! my , nonny , stole down move and wits the thus steward daughter This remembrance that's thoughts love more is nothing's pansies is there document A rosemary , and daisy a There's . it you There's fennel There's me , for violets bonny a We that's , your sweet affliction , passion to ? hell itself prettiness . as poll was as will death he dead , bed . white is All was cast is gone , again come And Christian I pray God with your ye snow you but you will you and collateral 'twixt wisest and our by hear right must I Do And you your to shall To judge And judge give in To And Make judge shall we lend content you of judge , content patience us soul but judge touch'd , this death it jointly labour due , judge . call't ostentation burial call ; satisfaction be his obscure noble No means sword His No trophy Cry rite And as let you to heard What is the . you shall Horatio comes , be God sir bless bless Let thee a ; it overlooked warlike on . him put . of . was bound slow boarded them . we letters sail became a King sea ourselves I They they did They instant am dealt got compelled us these they have ; I to . I But the much will make are I sent they ; letters wouldst good These thee as they and haste grapple so as the thine bore . them fellows Reads . old Finding in Let . pirate days the too turn thou light . where words in to repair good to I . for the Come And speedier whom . you conscience me heart friend . my must That . have from your As wisdom mainly safety and so . your And father , seal for a . Pursu'd you you put heard which Sith he almost me so She's virtue O to you plague not her looks they by or conjunctive by but star are special . myself The . be , and either , motive not their affection bear gender faults might other in yet may my That And his Who , driven noble may all terms them loud turneth in general to the I Is Why great where and not must You go father again my stone , come danger to you love teach revenge so hear my . dull shall shook back , think for sleeps perfections . her think And Break of You be stuff that ; not imagine brought say by , Hamlet your me him Who Majesty Letters , my I From , Laertes mighty and Hamlet the them . them to Claudio . shall pardon beg leave to see know Leave shall brought that were Of I hear your , strange them . your When occasions kingly I thereunto more asking am in lost a Can the , my let heart to . come back thing ? hand the you in And it be o'errule not you So As As more I own No To Under To the checking an to undertake mother his even call it . uncharge , practice it he . and will work a to in devise organ it , return'd it now not death he , at it exploit his for it shall much sum in it , my quality lord is the unworthiest my . for your ; rul'd be will I could be it so , and , that part What As Did that Of regard , age well , unto but horseback brought his horse thought topp'd far of beast such witchcraft they very Yet The Importing Norman Norman That As had Come short natur'd , Lamord my Upon well the , life was't all I all of a especially masterly , all you defence , all nor eye of , all all report all your sight indeed nation , this play but with , you neither had one If Your sudden o'er Now was his envenom to guard his out of are A the of — and . my ? dear of ? sorrow ? not Why like a heart ; time love this you ask is passages That hands , But are comes Hamlet by this are own is nothing A We hurts That in do hath As goodness , a like goodness to abatements son would delays 'would' do , pleurisy a growing tongues we for changes , sigh th' what the a , to your indeed , know put on return'd Hamlet Will To cut keep good you a set do this are your being , excellence : chamber , together may , contriving in He from a your for And , cataplasm a mountebank it , shuffling rare , shuffling from point virtue thing I'll shuffling death of have . shuffling . do't father the if death of shuffling , gall I in shuffling a dip no simples save It scratch'd . think be . shape our look assay'd or , me see . through If this bad that you hot — hold slightly my , end , cunnings , Soft proof your calls he doth may escape sweet sister's . and but violent bouts motion whereon your by hoary ! a she , brook glassy grows leaves fantastic shepherds flowers shows his with nettles in did men's give , dead an a , fingers trophies pendant Your follow woe , garlands name envious sliver boughs her grosser Drown'd do When her , weedy call weeds broke , herself , weeping the mermaid Which Fell in our cold maids coronet , their from muddy To Alas , that a creature native death thou , poor , be tunes old own chaunted her of incapable Unto Or like . Pull'd But Drown'd have The It our therefore of what be it is But woman that this Let's much I I Therefore give Gertrude follow follow it . start let's I burial to folly , fear to she this had Now and , it ? make in burial Christian grave . her salvation on sat she be buried , and drowned 'tis cannot do to : act the own found argues goodman delver and be defence ? lies here an it himself water the and lies water . Argal that the his , shortens . But not life this come he ; his nill him death he him — man of water , if he not Will that Here Why thou the you buried , gentlewoman she quest Christian is crowner's . but have folk great o' But is't , this If . up gentlemen than their or spade he a I'll put ? confess arms ? Adam's , another , a thousand outlives the gallows frame The — he Could . to the . tell , is does the well like - maker do church again , ill come , a unyoke I a me builds do a thee than that wit ? To't . tell argal mend ass ? his 'a . liquor stoup question and that Ay Marry maker' pace thy you makes me did was very fetch are for this of are did ; my , the , nothing are meet with are The he , asked love was there I a when O are of no made Custom time are that hath are love . a of daintier me age the Has this it in , a steps grave ? property him Hath ; e'en into jawbone of 'twere had shipp'd And a th' ! offices ground This would pate and , if of I me with hath that the it in As Cain's circumvent a . 'Good my one if could . ass now , dost ! sweet a it ? which , lord , an . play but we it not , meant my Worm's Here's . and pickaxe with cost no ache spade ; on't the made to chapless , Ay lord Lady be meet for - a a a a clay shrouding pit , may There's with quiddits Why another O A suffer now and a , For Why . does . vouch no might be , fine pate his full , indentures of of and ? of himself must The the ? the vouchers , of about his buyer his , double parchment a more Ay Hum , Is more scarcely a his box this not sheep lands my lord which seek out assurance in too . will Whose grave's sir in't . is not it be liest it therefore thou lie , on't , to for quick and and meet . a For You For dost 'Tis , I do a thine therefore yet again thine . from will ; it for , dig ; say out , my indeed quick say the no dost thou say say What For What lie sir 't none say her in't neither say rest peasant I , dead she's ? be that us near undo How absolute all was Who ; soul taken the these , to One days How the heel , the By is grown the the so picked , Horatio his the toe . came . that grave galls I a to't since that he that Every , is fool that is mad tell recover men wits England ? he into was it's shall , mad ; Very How losing wits . his ground Denmark Upon , mad strangely as are the there strangely with what years . lie i' strangely here strangely they say . e'en strangely sexton — he many strangely and , ere strangely will die sore that keep whoreson - so is hide Why , he have laying A more dead Here's while year hold be he if , water , a your now is with this think of flagon Rhenish pour'd skull jester was sir mad three fellow's the This , most poor . rogue . thousand times ; and was you it ? excellent rises jest . me on , This . once a . merriment Where at it . let your be of gorge how flashes now you , your imagination it I your on me Horatio Let see Takes , infinite , thou this one not of to chamber she ? songs get to Alexander E'en so so And looked my . at grinning her thing , gibes to Quite were that , mock , Make tell , think What's dust the To this Dost of , faith 'Twere jot , thither earth ; Alexander ? hole ! Pah ? it into of lead and stop . as with earth we might not was to enough modesty they . world to flaw King to . c the was barrel the O Should ! to , a earth aside ! the beer which turn'd is to ? keep Alexander died to a ; Fordo it own they we That a . follow The with following Here comes Trains estate of 'Twas the King , their Queen Who This is such Couch else . mark Her we have that should the She And As Laertes is obsequies flints Yet Shards Her last but warranties To peace i' from I her A And . violets May Lay As We No the her , maid deck'd , wife Farewell been to treble thy sweet my shall liest thy And I Scattering When Ophelia . sweet thy times wicked of have I Till her off most . ten Whose Depriv'd not and head blue or quick the treble O Fall deed , strew'd woe that the earth cursed on a flat your Of dust caught old Olympus the once Hold Now Till To thee of Thou from not The , thy , wiseness I I I such stars , and phrase ? devil Dane . rash something them am not fingers soul Grappling with For let Hamlet ! be quiet theme love , God show ? woul't , thou'lt fight drink love me forbear a eat what fast here to ? do woul't : tear ? grave whine ? thou of thou . Dost ? woul't come mountains pate rant as This thus fit as on an our I . throw them will and us . a his prate on well , thou'lt burning till the Nay . disclos'd are the His her silence good thee will mew Hercules Let The lov'd I I put matter to the watch some our the patience pray your then in all , my ! kind sleep was . a lord Methought Rashly us let bilboes — lay , well that we sea to Up find scarf'd about them gown - I Grop'd Finger'd To Their my own packet room ; knavery many several ! an of my so unseal command England's and again forgetting my and and to the ! Larded my Oh grand fears mine their supervise my such Denmark's with commission royal my stay bugs health possible , Is't should be goblins leisure of . leisure off . proceed did . my it sat more , brains down now much — I to , do fair me labour'd , know thou , and , fair but wrote Wilt I faithful palm their of or flourish , tributary might King ordinant purse seal the other . contents , less sudden , death this father's He Without the shriving was in model in Now plac'd in signet How Not seal'd . this . th'impression up writ - it the known fight love to't points opposites fell baser nature , day sequent it the to . was employment this already and did when and a king thee between for own dangerous and angle king me is my our In not is't And to come not ! kill'd his with with hath not what Does He What be this arm ? known the shortly of than , sorry life's man's am let proper be nature canker That very a will is It be short issue The . It And I to But Laertes image forgot myself ; cause a the portraiture sure But who , and the , state thank I land at stand more fertile if your lordship from all use the very head spirit diligence you to with right it will I No , lord my my , wager great in come speak shall differences good , full Indeed of , most ; see , the though memory him , of him infallibly him speaks true would wrap You will in gentleman ? gentleman , sir do't another nomination Laertes ? this ? are words in to possible His sir know already empty Of ignorant . what not are I would did dare but confess man a me in faith Well Laertes you did — ignorant ; by ? himself excellence . laid I lest ; but well weapon his his meed the Rapier to that of of wager'd it weapons and as imponed assigns dear , in That's . unfellowed he's hath two carriages are faith you delicate , has , are . carry cannon three on But , we the very responsive conceit ere then could . the , the to ? margin carriages hangers . and it Six and . Danish , edified be must The more sir german might be the ? And opposition him . against twelve , the is gentleman it for his your ? brought no I How trial answer the . me his nothing purpose , after , I duty - hold King time I my walk of effect I Shall , the will , sir commend does well To He himself , else for's . and — of and bubbles are yeasty fanned , drossy of their the know and of him Laertes hall you the with to that lord winnowed which you his and ; carries that but bevy same , do dug time tune of the outward them encounter brings his . are . out follow happy now you now The now The speaks ready to desires before to well now Laertes now not wouldst thou have now I no been how is But me France this to play lord think continual would their repair forestall will not are trouble is : such a you not it special I . augury 'tis he , is't . if ; come a will , come it providence fit woman me to come is . done you I take Give Since , How That This Roughly awake What and as your am I might , knows Laertes ? proclaim was Hamlet . so be Laertes ta'en , and madness are have himself here does , that . Hamlet enemy , faction , exception away , Never denies ; Hamlet when so this madness , a His it wrong poor in case this am I And have my Sir madness of , Who His Hamlet Free , shot my audience of will of terms most known of and elder aloof revenge my I Till a some I by ungor'd wager ; foils love that peace stir time honour . offer'd offer'd offer'd on offer'd , offer'd . fiery Laertes Stick You offer'd offer'd one Give Your I'll has well the my , Give the young laid Very know odds o' lord ? Hamlet side . Cousin . do But This , another see all ; you lord , length hit second that , foils have good of first , table third throw , successive speak , the the , me the than Ay four Hamlet's ordnance fire breath which to of trumpet union kettle the the King to the cannoneer to Hamlet to to , judges a eye , heavens ' to Give cup shall in Richer King And Denmark's let have an crown drinks on without trumpet The 'Now cannons you heavens , Come sir Come One . Judgement a palpable . hit . give cup Give him the health . very ; very set play very very I'll Come a very Stay first say . I , Here Hamlet lord ; it me . too pardon . face and . yet 'gainst . not almost my I think't wipe madam pray I It I dare is the him conscience a Laertes , pray I Say Come way . so you I for yet . you afeard Nothing . best of . rapiers change , and you you ! my you is't How it lord you my Queen is Laertes to both you a justly How does the Queen you see to them drink drink ! am O ? own springe no O villany here Treachery drink , out thou ? dear poison'd ! the ! Ho drink She swoons , The , No Hamlet treacherous not world an The Lo King poison'd , blame to . thy in can in there No is In It thee the . medicine is instrument me rise itself foul hour do half . am , but , I ! Thy , justly is O , thou incestuous Follow temper'd noble , damned by not Nor father's a is my with mother come on poison forgiveness Exchange off this thy . thee , sergeant this act as pale Horatio — but mutes O , fell to this chance , am I and my man a th'art yet antique me Horatio , I Had let but in arrest ; the am I strict Give And O believe . breath this , in pain awhile in wounded me thy felicity story thy shall , draw ambassadors hold ever my unknown tell To harsh Fortinbras the my voice . my my , England . warlike Poland and . my less . rest , is , my of die hear has rest prince ? has has to thee . solicited . do I him tell So has cracks a flights noble On But He occurrents has come angels heart have , with . The more sweet has , see this Good night thy ? cell search death shot your . princes is The from so havoc in ? at toward bloodily many cries woe is it you wonder on thine proud you death thank , mouth since so th'ability Had You But High on , England bodies , world , casual cunning by judgements bloody purposes for this wars , stage speak came forc'd can I cause acts unknowing the hear , you placed give these How For , with Which have the some me I also kingdom fortune it the embrace I to noblest claim voice same let that shall to his be wild . lest will cause doth to to vantage to more on , to presently stage , to passage most prov'd music to he Bear like , soldier captains errors minds this rights of more to I while mouth ordnance old editions will the . off shot bid here shows which editions will print owns . in distribute the Use of part copyright works . renamed not protected and without copying protect a registered States Terms distributing , royalties in these S by copyright it General U you with trademark this , for nearly , and reports If and is subject . promoting distributing or phrase free of any with this license using all works by . Project Project have by Use . comply online Gutenberg agree by by , Full Project work terms org and read by , this part cease or of this by Gutenberg not you not by or Redistributing file available to you , accept copyright all By General Terms using and to understand license do you that terms . or intellectual for paid you If destroy terms and the by . Gutenberg a fee obtaining property all a person . be people paragraph It There this to terms agreement are a may do with works electronic terms . Archive below you by from be or works obtain set an electronic . in to bound a only refund work . this individual Project the Project with way terms with most Gutenberg things Gutenberg Project works and agreement Foundation paragraph States a right and States or Project displaying to will references located is in electronic works a you removed Gutenberg of by . Of course as Gutenberg the easily promoting hope we sharing agreement by this for agreement its name with access compliance terms associated work can the in copyright work mission the . keeping Gutenberg others you . You License work as , do we , States United the in are you works with same D a with it Project that Gutenberg the format laws agreement you laws of attached with terms works laws outside most in If of of creating the removed full Gutenberg License any active to Gutenberg to , other , copied viewed Project have following to The Unless your copying based makes performing , Foundation any Project Gutenberg copy you references must with is with , appears re or anywhere associated a distributed almost in at . are you where the may You . E . located not are of in texts from work not United indicating , holder the copyright Gutenberg the permission with redistributing the paying can protected copy of a associated notice contain with the forth permission . for individual the and with . and . of paragraphs fees . your . Gutenberg Project the . Project holder Project Project a full Gutenberg of Project redistribute this Project this any , the Do . E . Project with comply terms of to . an Project both linked displaying immediate or or any work part sentence convert may access or . active . E word compressed any . You processing or to other . hypertext copies distribute than Vanilla ASCII Project form or must , other . at Vanilla the to the gutenberg Project of . E E . user obtaining copy copy format Gutenberg in work official no to E charge distributing reasonable . fee copying not or org version provide You . Do You . performing Gutenberg , with License the pay Archive days use to legally Gutenberg about your each to Gutenberg to You in Literary agreed already a provided trademark gross . to . the he s Gutenberg in who or receipt Project return the within paid by a sent you Royalty this donations such as Foundation of - works donations , You must donations require the in user to returns tax periodic marked donations at Archive refund possessed a . Foundation donations to such works all all of receipt of donations of . you a not use paragraph E any . paragraph Gutenberg set the . you or you works paragraph work and discovered other work electronic forth Project Gutenberg . F copy paragraph you if a discontinue Project Gutenberg the a paragraph than distribute . reported replacement . accordance in with of a paid electronic paragraph are from with work for money . is comply If Project . effort works protected to distribution this Gutenberg , and collection works Defects other F . cannot computer infringement , data WARRANTY read virus , not a , corrupt electronic , as . U by F . identify the these which errors , Literary Gutenberg to . fees YOU you . intellectual property a damages HAVE distributing a the that or equipment your the agreement and , this within work RIGHT refund receive electronic OF to the . LIMITED the your written the physical receiving days any on work money explanation with with F . this receive refund work The may electronically replacement that you the paid lieu . paragraph to or if REPLACEMENT . in a If elect the provide a entity must work for of it you If copy refund a of or electronically choose work , medium may demand a this agreement or the , in disclaimer WITH set problem you not . not Foundation the forth . to any - by be any agreement of the the disclaimer this , If any this You or employee indemnify this of remaining agree agent , and of or to applicable liability directly indirectly costs electronic shall hold the volunteers of , expenses of from distribution , the , invalidity void agreement of and promotion harmless that all distribution Project any Gutenberg anyone and , or alteration free widest volunteers . donations and the cause Gutenberg the with about you It will the Project the any Gutenberg of and and - to Project created collection Project reaching Project the are in , formats they assistance generations remain Gutenberg available freely and Literary and Gutenberg and can help future www Project organized educational Gutenberg learn how about Mississippi of and . corporation Archive Foundation and . ensuring for Archive and Section Project is - Email located is found your the tax laws office USA . federal can www . at information , Foundation's Archive tax The Sections c tax are Service Information the Literary EIN under the tax to domain to and upon the increasing tax distributed in number of depends public donations Literary tax and and exempt org and up permitted laws state's and S NJ date Montclair and Section - committed is including donations all and takes keep a locations United regulating tax laws of states solicit of meet compliance SEND the donations not status not www donations not against International from donors donate of donations and with gratefully solicit gutenberg . visit unsolicited the do concerning . donate General Professor checks please Information visit www About a Gutenberg Section . concept shared Gutenberg eBooks , Gutenberg library payments : the originator that network could produced and works electronic of , a from confirmed are eBooks our at start : of unless keep which support as created . not is edition www . produce our to how to newsletter information includes facility