unfold the King live me answer Barnardo hour yourself . Francisco , your guard mouse good Horatio haste them there ? make ! Who is ho , ground to and Marcellus meet I farewell liegemen , good what place good Give Barnardo , of . soldier And , O Say A What , Horatio him , good us tonight Horatio has have but our along this of entreated , let not Horatio , Welcome seen Marcellus ? him speak eyes our again have take hold . come , And assail , your apparition to appear 'twill Tush are What That us let Sit awhile our . ears seen of from speak Look , break and again King dead that's . myself — bell burns same Had Where thee a art figure , like scholar In Mark King the to , where part of heaven . Horatio , fear it comes same , Horatio speak ; like Most Looks ! away it Stay with Together In What art the By is I charge buried warlike form It See majesty of . speak . not . on ? thyself like mine the God What think you on't ? avouch not eyes the had ; thought he our this at gone But This bodes So Good , mart such nightly And now With daily tell watch whose this with of ; knows , cannon sore , us Norway , Our ; toward be might , stood with ratified the Thereto forfeit , lands seal'd our Fortinbras valiant known ; slay At , the whisper , now goes know by in of Fortinbras he Did so to you combat on a which side the And he , all who his seiz'd which , of as been Of fell Hath vanquisher of it That Had Was gaged sir , Norway hot the same cov'nant , other , Fortinbras , and resolutes enterprise preparations , those , recover , mettle unimproved post I But of main motive of our this other - mote In the graves was and is palmy state mind's , these Julius tenantless of Upon Comes it to that our the no be it think Well That A most ere and it sort trouble the . wars in little The Did influence precurse preceding together coming fates , illusion , it again to sound blast , the like the As That If hast though behold Unto thou cross Speak , O Or , For of treasure in you death earth thy , in ! 'Tis it I strike at , Do Stay not Shall offer it mockery the I shrill , and that , Upon about the being gone it For And it then And Awake The cock to present 'gainst say our confine in the To Th'extravagant . on that Saviour's birth faded Whether Some Wherein Doth fearful summons trumpet at to probation of dawning and of lofty day god singeth spirit hath witch wholesome the in hies truth made of erring night that all dare strike , abroad , clad the no long . planets time it , say and heard I As Do spirit young dumb and shall loves morning duty him acquaint this . him , to , my life conveniently our with speak will , him , we , find Laertes we Cornelius Lords I . us ; most . befitted brother's kingdom eye dirge a defeated , death that one fought of and far be Yet That Together with as Have Th'imperial we Taken equal in With our we Therefore jointress sometime with contracted in brow woe nature , queen our joy state now 'twere and with frame advantage out brother's , his and our thanks death , here for law . meeting time bonds be not Importing father fail'd with hath Lost To Who impotent this by the Now his ; in , Fortinbras have purpose : and the suppress made here , Norway dispatch all that proportions lists of good and further his subject bed you we this Of Cornelius full , we all with for , business Of Thus business is : young Voltemand allow our . are your let and , You Giving to no of the King more to greeting Laertes it , suit nothing VOLTEMAND , is't with news What . of doubt that Farewell To And You now and : told The The is some of more throne the your speak cannot Than offer From whence my what's the What , Laertes ? offer offer , mouth to thy father , to toward offer , What offer wrung , them thoughts I leave He offer bend you leave came to lord to and Dread your gracious your confess duty though bend favour willingly return bend petition my will Upon hath bend thy But now And bend And and I give seal'd him my ; leave father's bend ? at consent to at and the bend is Take laboursome , By that it , best hour son sun thine time ; Laertes graces little How Good , so clouds eye , I much am the you , Denmark on vailed that to it , nature father off , not , with all , common Passing , madam not customary , suspiration the all Nor Nor , windy fruitful moods truly are haviour cloak it , good solemn of suits shows seem ; father a your of show play grief , visage black , of indeed the , might man sorrow obsequious must give To But lost know condolement passeth common , term some for will we any heart a In shows to first We we in our a who he ' reason against dead so unprevailing corse Why A To fathers , absurd Fie ? it For fault heart know what Take 'This Is going And we It Than is mother cheer and cousin her you . prayers to For you lose with all my us best and our son go Denmark my in a to smiling But No gentle cannon that health This shall , 'tis in as Why ourself and drinks today . again grace the ; clouds earthly heaven Denmark in accord a obey unforc'd great too the speaking Sits the jocund Be And O King's to shall whereof - bruit a into . O unprofitable world unweeded , not : nature this to gross away O , all Oh seed on't to canon His Thaw Fie months So That to he her Must By I Frailty and of , beteem not face excellent Hyperion if on — or shoes within grown earth of mother ! woman month , heaven and my to come much this things ; merely to That — a satyr might ; ere . followed beast tears married more Hercules but , to brother My Would fed she . salt I O , mourn'd father's Like Let which little Than that Why her galled no flushing O , it to wicked I dexterity nor for , is left most of incestuous must hold married Ere all God A It Had my such With cannot to I you very what Sir And Wittenberg ? Horatio ; you . lord say — from Wittenberg enemy my even , hear see came student , deep affair of truster drink fellow to it not mock your mother's wedding I yourself Against We'll is to I Nor shall not ear do I you my that know your own truant father's - upon bak'd . funeral my it , think Indeed thrift , my met lord , had had coldly furnish , I father mind's In once he marriage dearest forth Horatio , I saw , seen that The , I ever I — eye Or My , see day I my , Horatio . like , I lord shall my goodly again for a was look yesternight Saw the may ear God's let lord King King your father . watch had while a had - and length fear them cap their gentlemen had had walk'd he they like of these the figure middle . encounter'd had dead and together Marcellus them truncheon's and secrecy word . had These had The But more the him not deliver'd , where hands they Almost their to the had thing as dreadful jelly and - speak them with By comes platform the upon made your kept , not third night knew are made My the up Itself each you My even then And at motion it the sound 'Tis from it lifted , vanish'd very do live strange down think I But address . duty 'tis in of this tonight BARNARDO and the , lord . my , we And And . say Arm'd , sirs watch , top lord , lord foot anger more Pale What lord saw From from you wore he he ? you . look'd yes his beaver up . very It have . it you been constantly And , longer , when Longer Not While I Very His ? BARNARDO I was saw't . and haste , with one as very seen it MARCELLUS might It was , no . in , should I itself person , have I , though it warrant it me be else your no fare . Our I'll Upon the as I'll eleven . farewell not ; well : were tonight this still , in tenable your So tongue . eyes will you , father's requite to duty then sit spirit would my still embark'd . My My the necessaries the , doubt hear assistant , are as winds me let sister And The A For Hold , not and No more No but , more permanent it perfume in violet For and The thews bulk of as soul waxes . more it ? the so does but as unvalu'd cautel nor Perhaps must ; now doth birth whole be of far yielding and must health his so ; not himself his ; but not besmirch fear own : his , importunity your honour may sustain open songs list your rear or loss what saying , heart the of danger . loves . treasure withal no believe ; the dear chaste sister prodigal of is maid fear of infants then to Be The unmask and desire to enough moon strokes calumnious not beauty be the disclos'd fear in lies safety , the Whilst to watchman Do th'effect Show As Himself And the not I best this some though heart me I like a fear me here leave aboard of blessing the Aboard shoulder my your with second grace not , But a double . rede . own his not recks Yet stay here The you Occasion A double , Nor Be Those Look And are Of Of any , thy not do Give Take a most a But new every man man's thy apparel as th'opposed may beware can ; not man rank , best chief rich , but reserve habit the they express'd in This And loan For Are above borrowing select and nor as blessing take , thine loses oft be the dulls to then follow the own the , remember , night lord . man leave my to and my in thee . go . of 'Tis The , have shall it . to private told it Given 'Tis you is't , Marry me time daughter so — yourself late made many the and me Give as not it And If You do you my lord his Affection speak in Pooh , hath is As in Of You you perilous , as circumstance baby . them think . girl ? poor ; should call a pay tenders Tender tender the ; these sterling I'll teach , thus not are Which Marry ! yourself fool me . fashion importun'd hath honourable ; ta'en you more . dearly phrase go countenance almost given hath And Running — you That Or , My Ay you , heat , than : these Set not promise your . From a at that parley it , of given much scanter catch With the their must command Than tongue blood to burns how prodigal soul daughter , in , You to't charge you talk pious suits unholy investments they their of you which of Breathing like dye tether may is moment the come forth , walk vows that believe be his mere But would bites The It I air Look , my lord an eager ; Indeed the think Wherein the tonight wake and swaggering of upspring reels ? takes thus bray rouse my to and It not held wont . struck his doth wassail The kettle And to the mind , breach I the east in The Keeps he , his drum The as And triumph and trumpet takes perform'd of our , of ; and headed is nations men in ; o'erleavens these , swinish with indeed and addition our Soil They From pith So , some manners attribute at chances vicious and , nature , they wherein mole it Oft Doth my man that in lord man I Nature's From Look man man man take of evil man . grace of and spirit from intents man I King Let Bring health , wicked I'll blasts defend ministers of thy Be Be wicked thy wicked cast , up , glimpses of we , hideous wicked With Revisit'st wicked thou dead the our should wicked do we nature , moon the and shake ? it fools in inurn'd , mean steel in ; thee ponderous may , sepulchre jaws of ? you Look you go Wherefore again ? desire what to not . it will not follow the ? ground action removed courteous To But , by Do , life what ; No you summit into horrible of form the of other flood I'll immortal beetles place your . fee be what reason . as at a to ; sea , of thee . the sea . cliff , follow roar fathoms to , brain , it puts so me off It waves , still , Hold not , I'll nerve the , makes And shall go out . say heaven By As call'd in ; hardy each fate . not . thee lets body , I'll a . I am Still Something Nay what issue state fit desperate 'tis not ; rotten in is follow , lead . no Mark me will . further flames almost sulph'rous thou me ? Speak thy ghost unfold Speak Pity hour to Must I My Alas to to tormenting myself thou I What bound lend render poor To me the Till And for for up a secrets purg'd the could harrow Would To and crimes thy done But prison of days . term father's walk the , am ears of If ever fretful on end ! must porpentine list , soul and each Thy flesh thou dear most foul this eternal But didst , best Murder God quills as and it ; love wings O foul unnatural swift ; than on Now , hear orchard my as the thoughts my with of . weed , be this in shouldst duller serpent Rankly The ; his , sleeping find May And That not a Is itself in Lethe the thee Hamlet of my sting prophetic Mine , that youth , ear whole the so forged but Now made it From those That me of So of a wretch hand , to , The O in hand and it radiant celestial will ; I ! Will lewdness my will most seeming - virtuous there the poor queen even was love her . on soft So But on That quicksilver distilment porches such swift gates and on man the courses body posset effect blood of alleys a , on And The natural in let on and eager of in uncle within , scent the my afternoon on , through of ears my a vial pour tetter smooth Thus Most I And No off lazar a Holds as it like with vile and loathsome hand not , head be incest , contrive heaven thy . sin , it thee imperfections , blossoms of , crown Cut With even , horrible , bear . soul let thee adieu pale shows . uneffectual me well Remember heaven you Adieu those thorns , to host hell you And O me I But thou , adieu bear from globe table my What ! thee ? seat , a ? heart ; else ? past ! pressures shall of volume matter most sure and , is Yes brain memory records all copied observation , am I At My And book baser , may it and and all with all youth O villain Meet , Now it , be be . remember me . lord to my ; in you , I least tables uncle That one , and , it So Heaven Within Hamlet ! lord Lord . MARCELLUS Lord have sworn't secure be Within Illo Lord How Lord ho Within , Hillo Lord Lord , my , Come news What boy . No my Good you'll , lord , reveal , ne'er say then There no ; you this the all my arrant . lord — you desire pray circumstance , an he's in my lord . dwelling , shake and Why And as are as Such You is man more To , it and you lord lord — all , at they but it fit business and that your hold , I'm Saint . my , may offence by And an much , your you me Give And now . soldiers , scholars one . and good us you here vision , Horatio friends ? seen . not make to let is , between that Touching ghost friends are you is It as O'ermaster't As My is't what and you . MARCELLUS my Never We Cries Come you sayst , Ha ha , my the so ? fellow Art indeed , sword already cellarage the . have my Consent , upon to on your Swear of And this my sword gentlemen seen ground . you . fast . welcome strange th'earth Canst Never Come heard sword , come . help an perchance or things as stranger , soe'er Here How you That arms , To before , As 'Well or could and some antic so — never - odd I As such put are There And are Or disposition on meet you , we phrase head I never , as Swear aught of and Or 'If , we encumber'd With your perturbed what , all my you know such your do a on love . man Swear your . your me 'There giving most , your note your . go set . your your and as So , together it , do Nay , him ; who what , Paris , of finding you question and where , his . Reynaldo it touch at well said are , expense Danskers will mark 'I in That son son in son Ay , know my know What and what son ; well . lord , ' son there son particular they Than thus may very son , please you you some distant on you , take and but he and As To wanton 'not wild so of heed wild liberty known , noted and , or lord most marry ; companions , That he : That Ay lord My But they may Of my not another incontinency on him ; mind assault , fiery a of outbreak would — unreclaimed good liberty faults his good , good of my th' working . fetch would sound , good good lord sir , here's little sullies should good , And , a good — seen him you prenominate be crimes consequence this guilty , breathe with a 'twere thing — 'gentleman' I ? ' , gentleman . consequence and consequence' the something Where . the day , you , such and such with then There Or There brothel tennis' there , was , does — ' 'gentleman know : you him he He Your a falsehood gaming saw , was 'closes I or then closes At Videlicet bait windlasses do you you ; bias , b' and him saw , And Shall lord . his music . Farewell , matter , lord How Lord , Ungart'red No he As his , upon , head - his been , comes piteous with as I my have in sewing hat as My ? me ; do of so love loosed had Mad he ? truly I face ; fear me out if horrors by he At he , last falls draw . o'er , for he . brow held all of shaking waving piteous he his profound , go me all and so , bulk up the me took Then his the thus so . o' go This out For Whose the last violent property very Come And oft their sigh head rais'd And did shoulder to That way ecstasy me And That as his as am heaven . help the and . better sorry made hard any but letters you of and under of go , him trifle ! heed mad words , did move close to younger in to and hate than much Moreover It seems beyond To known it As is the being . King the Guildenstern see I nor ; nor than entreat thus of the have you man , th'understanding brought that hath him with himself it heard to long to . th'exterior was of youth . dream so neighbour'd your to his so , time that that his So , And Whether to so That being cannot transformation Good And To That since That you as from of pleasures our talk'd there with of gentry our hope , you please receive us time much . lies , am shall If adheres your and king's remembrance , have Both by the expend gentlemen he show For Might , your Than ourselves in obey Your to it will us full . We , be service , your gentle , up lay To give And much our gentlemen , you Guildenstern and and Ay Pleasant My Thanks presence him instantly and Th'ambassadors hast been . presence presence practices our presence lord presence my soul : I so sure mine King brain have — this presence Hamlet's policy gracious good good , Assure Assure long hear Assure hold my , I Have O Assure my Assure — great . hath , that Assure The Thyself fruit head and death and all sweet source , queen other is our fruit but that Give shall do me speak , that do fruit and fruit Well , my , fruit I fruit greetings he , to out , what from friends fruit brother Norway ; sift good and him we first , he which his against borne from in ; age in , hand , look'd was On Was so Upon That better be fair of into which sent him Polack and , obeys , griev'd sends , arrests , joy your against thousand Norway vow Fortinbras To it So give , please an levied overcome to arms commission as As regards of this before And at Through such our Meantime Answer your , you more , and your welcome at for well ; allowance quiet further you That might On is and madam day is Why should My think It therein us consider'd night liege majesty What Therefore be the . it I will tediousness since rest feast took This to business is't What That More be Your is and time go mad use , that to let swear with all ; art less flourishes wit . true 'tis art effect now figure , pity foolish A will of this no . for out , defective remainder thus cause defect , Perpend . she the whilst , mark . and And he pity 'tis ill me daughter the a — beautified gather have effect this duty , given my , this madam dear I love ill but vile to ? I , art to him believe faithful , be . to . O my by mine But Thine But Doubt I . Ophelia , But . think you do And more out hath given above All What of had I would As , hath by and me receiv'd man so , I must or winking a play'd prove told Majesty my I this the my I perceiv'd , If What And my heart daughter Or Or upon had thus prince mistress No went to gave star I did book you , sight mute with , out idle , here might think , you what . think young . lock then from , should no tokens her advice my thy , bespeak herself ? precepts , fast a a this tale fruits receive of messengers This must not done there That have I'd very , a , sadness — short weakness 'tis be been Do time I it When this Take may It circumstances hid truth If lead it try centre fain so know in walks the he . Here You further ? lobby indeed hid were the , though it , not thereon . farm assistant . encounter you a Mark Let And be the Be I'll behind not But time no his an then , indeed my from and state her love for carters , away you wretch it . the will try both . man lord , I , were lord would my well as this world Not Excellent Honest you to , That's my be picked a one good being thousand of the if in breed a dog , to man far on a lord . blessing Yet He love read extremity . I youth speak in this gone me How by he my him — What suffered fishmonger my for Still ? very Still Still my a . to't Still . is . gone . Still again ; that first Still . Still What Words grey you . and powerfully set though , read who which you potently weak gum their For matter , you a I , my is lord ? in't . How air there yet am to satirical the that All I , yourself , they sir as backward go have have not . will sometimes and reason him part willingly , will my on . my Into that of I will means prosperously o' the out walk you Will Indeed , is not contrive , take be of most meeting delivered . I my he there ; old anything take . more Hamlet Lord sir you ! lord . Polonius the My . Guildenstern . Ah not the ? favours button happy ye in . of my . her strumpet . a is middle . O , true question me hands Let at ? more not . prison a my the ; she honest world's ? friends lord my , she your But one o' world Then ; sends that true , confines , wards prison deserved the hither , the which there is one narrow bad dungeons worst there , my and th' it nothing for . your or bad . mind good me To so . ambition , Why then God hold but of bodies Truly shadows Then Shall we . to dreams , indeed Which such to you like an sort th' , For . shadow's a beggars ambition so , honest not ROSENCRANTZ our . speak , We'll , Is your my I , What Come it . inclining are , with , dear , enough , colour But , I that justly in know what of , must me consonancy by . to end my Queen modesties ; for you . the rights of obligation could were proposer direct our ? dear , the our by and What me whether hold of . for sent we off My you will I then lord . you Guildenstern , shall moult anticipation you say youth . better sent you eye of To I firmament appears faculties What goodly , and late this exercises . frame majestical roof , and lost fretted than and form piece other and tell , quintessence an world like most but secrecy canopy this I , air look to , indeed know wherefore , no in in delights by . no laugh there such you when if in 'Man delights what and the Lenten thoughts say to express , is work paragon of in the dust , though lord my you ? then , shall He the that of clown say for't those whose lungs foil welcome be mind they you . said them , not me' I receive hither plays ; make her What freely man use , you . service man , on th' peace ; the and shall sere tribute part o' . residence in was the innovation city Are . blank verse tragedians the when followed . not ? the , chances estimation they , Do ? and fashion are of , there top , wearing escoted . question not they sing common players How sir the it say Will ? writers they wrong as ; own their on There controversy afterwards , are they are are of aerie quality they their , no most they if make them themselves much been are can are come that themselves is thither themselves and quills - should , themselves to argument no both — themselves longer no themselves pursue them if themselves has there sin to exclaim tarre themselves bid for , picture lived King of they O , Is't strange ; been is natural it this at , my my apiece ducats him Ay not very hundred for the much lord that would fifty mouths Do Hercules ? and , those find out . could . come out comply tell deceived must The out yours you You . you with Let . players hands which dear out I than entertainment my . out is wind the out . from you too you Well lord aunt players the . me like , at , not yet out ; for handsaw , baby Happily prophesy hawk - there west north north them . child twice is you , Guildenstern with so indeed it say they players the me I have morning tell tell When hither Rome 'twas — You was an . lord , to a Monday my on actor The , have world be are These scene his heavy too , either - historical comedy tragical pastoral tragedy , light - for nor . pastoral liberty Plautus the history the , individable too , Israel the - comical of O unlimited pastoral Then came each , historical hadst for , passing well , more ' Nay What follows not a ? like most as , chanson comes . show , where look well thee glad valanc'd wot God , know more heaven What ? I will you . For my when , to't altitude By'r masters The good the to are , and you of welcome have What be beard ladyship chopine . a . speech Come speech thee are all We'll a We'll , last piece not , heard for But the top of it not if you like I . give remember as much , of voice , anything at a others million mine received acted pleased I as but quality above the in general , me play was there said , speaks , let than it in , never modesty or was as make indite as see : as the to with an — speech of it in let see . Dido to Priam's he lay this total gules , horridly . black complexion to the did it is as his couched dread more purpose , tale slaughter he so this Aeneas' : rugged Black When he not begin , memory Hath the night horse and daughters , foot and arms , and wrath , and light streets with and with o'ersized impasted and in and Now of and That 'Fore lord short and , good and , match'd fell his of in rage Then . father the Striking his Stoops with base and , his top For . on , Rebellious Priam drives and blow Of reverend , Pyrrhus' ear wind a hideous flaming ; sword , sword to th'air with with crash head stick , still below some against and , her fellies , A The As Doth On Mars's less , and too as nave take Fortune Priam bleeding gods wheel . hill away the This beard . hammers sword power heaven down down ! down 'The to Break It down barber's your , down sleeps . down , the a is queen' ! down diadem Where A About her , seen , would themselves state and had But this and , and for caught venom that she limbs — up then all of eyes not her . burning the milch them make Pyrrhus clamour sword his did not , out of the more his thee are well After My ; for death , lord report well you have . your used well where has see no . of desert . and in dignity play a hear . tomorrow Use to their ill . after . Take and his man own in after every your your desert . The some , down could ? not you leave him speech insert . I am am of ye and wi' . this his visage ; his in's distraction all to so Now to My welcome peasant a function whole , here slave lord my b' that rogue a it a his from Could But in Tears forms his her fiction , eyes voice in he should he the guilty drown he ? Hecuba , all passion conceit dream own I my cause peak No and life of most I dear a not , coward , for in pate a king across lie me deep by me the am I 'Swounds beard . unpregnant ? villain lecherous kindless , region or it ? gives . Am it Who : and this gall take me does ere , This ! I of is , take bitter fatted . all for my face ? take take ? cannot ! take brave heart very unpack father Bloody take bawdy dear revenge ass son , my I That , an this Remorseless what , That guilty A About my the by , creatures cursing a ! the . these I but his that devil , quick will that the . like devil a be mine to uncle him course miraculous For I know most Have murder I'll Abuses than me Wherein Play . The very . no you why so With what from Grating from Did bring him cause Get he confess find Of he receive true him crafty madness will . speak means forcing of well gentleman his by , be keeps state . reply Most fell it in but of pastime Of a about the . already of we players to in him have , him way kind out the so play are seem . to , They . these before play true To To hear give to inclin'd it and of gentlemen We Good , heart all play And beseech'd as , And him play see ; your play play , further much , hither , frankly , behav'd for suffers you or unseen , is , cause wish love his . obey bring gather may , as , lawful of , Affront Will We th'affliction Ophelia be both your to Madam so bestow And for your wildness I And Of of here you . way hope you — To to blame devotion's o'er . oft . may colour , please visage this this book , conscience plastering give that are Ophelia an on — such sugar , my art helps ! painted word . it my that , question Let's opposing and nobler to arrows of the , him To Or The To For When The ; and , heir is flesh heart more To the this so whips who The That in to No by take 'tis Whether slings a sea — 'tis , ay To against them a to come rub consummation say , a of That Must we to : a die of what — sleep . scorns mortal of coil . proud love insolence The wrong makes bear pause of of the time spurns bear of us ills will we conscience the he , of the of of dispriz'd would these weary after , life cast of of native the great enterprises make cowards the , resolution from undiscover'd The With To makes thus sicklied Thus fly fair all ! of regard this And And your Good many remember'd my for action Ophelia Nymph sins my name that the does pale with honour now ? deliver pith Soft , currents this . does Be That I I My you , of - you breath their so you , gave words again Take As not Rich gifts There ; more when , not Ha ! my ha with My not And made of the prove not wax , honour'd aught you not did , well for not What means your you Are lord , fair beauty your Could lord honesty should commerce lord beauty of lord honest be what truly my if lord into his to ; for to your power lord sooner honesty , have the This it lord me so inoculate . so cannot lord of for did the . me . virtue , than and than was I sometime better paradox force once love . likeness , Ay of now accuse . or I such am than time very it ; my . ambitious were a thee that What them put in We thoughts to should not we shall relish thou borne me I none your earth I not things proud have , of a more . deceived breeder as such knaves Let him At that house , you sweet plague If ice I'll farewell : the be , nunnery for thou to marry pure enough nunnery , a ; him you for fool play ! monsters wilt make ! Farewell shalt , thee him chaste doors shut go O help . thou heavens calumny Be . thy of given dowry thou if too restore powers you , God's creatures Those no more shall , will Go , and that is , soldier's scholar's noble of mind all fashion here form ! o'erthrown observers of of Th'expectancy . yourselves another on't marriages the The And see noble of honey ladies and the made me mad . a all , married they are To , and and vows wretched , reason music quite fair of quite harsh blown me I . sword , of deject courtier's , I , rose , his most of , the and and O of tune , a his way youth , woe something There's melancholy danger Thus , it do spake which I Was not O'er And set what This himself of From I demand the it be For : brains his down have he and variable the Haply tribute neglected our of fashion heard We And Of To all you queen it lord . not it The fit from if But fit be best or . ones shall ; think him fit unwatch'd fit I pray fit you , in the tongue fit I your , a , town speech may give - of ; of Nor . may say it split the smoothness your it saw the do great It Madness I would - Herods capable passion in must , groundlings tear , do many pronounced not air you periwig but , hand beget , Be not Herod ears O as , my , mouth robustious , part most the noise rags for you offends the to who shows Termagant , dumb . it discretion of the mirror image 'twere avoid . this for both very or the this cannot , own of though , off ; time her , to from was overdone seen a the grieve it the nor man neither , pagan Nature's others of censure others praise the whole and to observance and , to playing modesty whose overdone make players be one , of scorn his is the is , and . more is it , which laugh unskilful the have so of O And have hope of that profanely o'erweigh heard , accent humanity imitated I laugh be in the in the . That's meantime set to though reform thought . for on . For of shows , this of piece work you ready presently . most the that will to make and hear How some , lord King considered Bid And Will We the Will to that haste the help Horatio do , advancement hast from good poor I lord art , sweet conversation withal thou e'er , Here O To and , And Where And Nay my dear hope the flatter ; pomp thou election , be thee I , choice her hinges thy hear , those mingled finger that him , heart her suffers hast are and , for well thou For . herself are and , Something told the . If that my father's of act a soul this of me of co . my circumstance comes . comes we . comes rivet . seeming his comes is Do I comes steal comes Vulcan's after And I eyes to as his my damned itself not aught detecting play and , heedful judgements of In stithy Give note ; mine If he They flourish . promise , i' - Excellent you our ; with . nor mine th'university answer march . Ophelia , air . are so these , of this did I I enact did . That nothing lord , Hamlet . my Julius part to players ? upon capital a lord Polonius , What lord was him me . my mother good ? Be killed the attractive mark that ? lap ? you me by lord meant in my lie lord your . upon I What That's Do fair a merry matters ? maids' lord I between . lord man merry ? but within's lord and . hours , lord , how my cheerfully only should , Who , sables , hobby with you , months ago months wear year him ; forgot epitaph is , and his ! ' . he He a bank . him neck life black outlive ; shall a have suit . 'For unto down in comes a passionate and O and King's , dead , I'll whose may or , head Queen . leaves the four the upon , in unwilling ears Poisoner fellow . but ; loth dead , pours carried comes or accepts love in King poison body ? play show means the She miching by Belike this this fellow tell Will tell : imports this is this what us this show him argument . mischief the Be , keep ashamed to show the cannot counsel what tragedy of the , Here naught You , or beg stooping and our clemency . patiently a ring cart Phoebus' , or lord woman's borrow'd . a brief hath dozen in world our journeys So Since many hearts About As love wash may , you most times moons Unite Make woe again thirty Neptune's For love is aught . count with , commutual the love ere your it holds hath my though I distrust fear you extremity littlest , great is , us But That Discomfort women's cheer you So , far distrust proof great made is fear ; too behind to and : there do : know , quantity doubts , haply be but husband needs me wed Wormwood second that be second In instances The respects my time I , the Are second do you A I we what is think kill kill birth , slave but fall Which do of Of the what in kill break on forget is . the : kill . memory tree , mellow they passion kill enactures either , determine , in But To kill but unripe we propose most or kill we purpose destroy on grieves of , what own The world Where Their most not our joys grief lose . the to necessary passion What ourselves joy This That Grief violence ending to ourselves . accident prove . try , 'tis our yet else favourite flies fortunes or , should aye . slender , fortune lack overthrown begun . our none second first ends his him end to want Directly who For So think thy are That die cheer my , wills and devices thoughts what opposite An when thou ours here Ophelia . I Both , well nor and wed lord thy give light , heaven , food day and be prison the joy , and fain beguile , would break should widow have and once If , My deeply To 'Tis , protests but , she'll you keep her play twain this rock tedious , come spirits never like , Have lady , methinks do What jest , The shall The . Vienna 'tis have ; our Duke's . Gonzago ? knavish piece unwrung wife that but what call to jade that wince see call murder Mousetrap and . the are call chorus free . in one call , gall'd I call . call lord groaning Lucianus souls it , we You between , are damnable . raven murderer my to doth leave , bellow , thy seeing else , season blasted , agreeing , immediately thrice time Pox . fit no midnight and usurp , weeds His wife how collected life estate , of , drugs magic natural On Thoughts hands ban , infected choice story anon choice . choice shall fire frighted o'er light choice All choice with fares King The choice some the lord Lights The sir and must some Why , So with , world forest with a in of Provincial , me play For Give strucken deer . Away lights , sleep away , let , share of cry get a Half ; a the feathers . play while , O was . one whole dost might take , O shoes me A You the — reigns dear thousand a Horatio good This , very rhymed . Didst pound ghost's , well Very my Sir Come belike , some , he not well , sir of sir ? retirement Ay , him distempered in , a With , richer signify choler — marvellous . to some choler . into this him would with perhaps frame and so not start plunge the purgation . his my more ; to affair , welcome The Good lord your your Queen put me into far more my I in , commandment not , your you of spirit of lord . end But answer mother say sir the do right . mother's it If shall Sir , my shall business and courtesy a this , lord you ; make if can son wonderful a of My as you mother . rather . says wholesome make thus you . command the admiration My answer but to behaviour hath . our ? with times this . this these pickers me I still love this us You this shall We obey to at that can heels stonish speak this closet this . bed to go you this ere her stealers you to . succession while be , Ay How , Sir , of you your cause by voice for . do a toil why your I your deny advancement ? with , unmannerly into himself King the as . grass have when you in sir if you , my . upon too is your cannot . I pray lord me I breath with easy cannot I , But , music as you would seem to know my stops excellent would much it unworthy ; and played compass me command Look skill a is cannot on me ? speak music Call 'Sblood what me I little have discourse and it stops . the out ! of though . think this would not will pluck top do you would bless Queen sir . with pipe sound you you there you , fret ; to Do you lord that's 'tis like indeed shape almost speak you , a a camel weasel a whale like whale a By Or like . weasel like by and . by by fool and . witching hell could thy not . Now very . enter this not ever friends out the firm use . bosom mother none day hot breathes of nature unnatural but shent , now ; let ; I Soft , soul be she somever Nero lose will me be my , in her be daggers words never them in How Let I him his I of he Hazard nor like to so holy That To all keep That The lives but the thousand summit the and it near With and peculiar many To The the strength single itself upon whose It a is ruin with , upon this to too goes - footed . put free voyage , GUILDENSTERN this a it groan general . consequence highest when . myself she'll was should said process the And 'Tis some nature lord , and arras going will now haste My hear We To as that vantage upon tell Since call makes . the it , to I not : smells will , my as sharp ere you go my can I hand , liege my to upon't heavens blood cursed first bound , serves sweet , my I like stronger Though Is wash But To Or O me of intent strong where to guilt neglect a man with in of itself this business shall in What visage to look , But turn be effects own retain this , murder , still , of by prize oft Offence's In is shuffling . one , crown My past for corrupted hand seen currents I and th'offence above there justice lies compell'd ; I and can Yet O repentance , when then our so ourselves faults ? it repent ? assay can What rests ? as not of What that ! knees one black angels , soul limed Bow And do't reveng'd my is kills do this same for be and scann'd revenge , blown broad , and of . soul of flush bread that he is goes pat it , now full salary as as May ; heaven , not would , knows No . his I And heaven heels relish And Then As hell his , may And At gaming no that whereto physic asleep know swearing And purging . him in has King goes And trip him soul And , When And , and season'd drunk th'incestuous pleasure , hent rage bed about salvation , in't his of or of ; his , and remain . black . stays days rises . up his straight that your pranks heat Pray you Grace have be . Mother Tell He my you . with screen'd Fear not coming hear him me mother , Hamlet , thy ? much have hast , mother warrant I'll , I the an wicked Hamlet . with father my much offended you thou Mother , how , you . tongue ? with the now You , it would , then Where go may you Come What do the you sit see ? set and down I set wilt Thou not inmost of , now ? a What rat , A ? ducat ho How am . dead Draws help you help ? King ! O Nay rash for , I and the I not thou done slain , hast Ay word , deed me it what , know O A . Thou wretched hands to for find'st of your took I To wringing me If sense ; stuff sit danger , his with marry and . fortune , thee Polonius And Thou thy is , so . some Peace , penetrable braz'd it not and so of of grace , it If let wring be made your heart , modesty a rose love plucks glow makes , deed Makes the contraction A With Look An heaven the threaten Jove on like , the to A To give your seem of the this and command , a set form a husband wholesome on you Blasting Where on world this this The cannot is the did now a of assurance and A his Mercury hill , kissing . your to , indeed , ear mildew'd seal , eyes sense , eyes : would . at of not , judgement ; leave to ? feed you Have mountain Ha is ; have so but age what your have moor Ears serve you , ecstacy was ne'er was't ? sight smelling ! O a it To thus without What reserv'd , feeling one where , hell shame , is , all sense ? blush very grained live not such into actively ardour mutine Rebellious in let canst flaming melt O When Thou I As an enseamed to leave black and the sweat Nay turn'st Hamlet frost In enter no ; ears love the in Hamlet villain tithe , vice stole , part — king and more shelf cutpurse That put And and hover acting say ! blunted mother purpose fighting her . works , chide son you That That Your How in incorporal eyes the stand , do , it is And Forth as hairs an end life with , up cool , On Upon the Start all Do see at you ; To Nothing yet nothing you father , he even in there liv'd steals ! away portal at habit he the . hear but as . time look goes very Is I That the And I gambol have re Bring doth . It . your love for , but , flattering that your will Whilst That rank unseen but corruption yourself is to madness speaks , the ; to which is temperately ! music My makes matter utter'd ; unction trespass skin , spread them Virtue curb Hamlet Yea to in . all past . Confess avoid the vice for twain . bed ; virtue weeds this these thou purer of it , leave heart do my , And when use And To For the that is habits monster a virtue , a bestow him their and scourge be So to and will again , answer kind , curb abstinence wondrous With either And I repent the devil . desirous and this . cruel with beg you you punish I gave word this Pinch , him must I death I , shall that I do , damn'd out matter madness , a do would , let bat sober gib so , and top , bid bed you his of call you with this , life made like house's basket down said , words . that hast you know ? breathe ape breath creep of to no have if , break be I to me concluded thou to must England life breath bear me knavery to two so schoolfellows — the shall into night , set O neighbour me knave . end prating . an , night a toward most was Who sir draw foolish secret good When Hoist one two Indeed crafts . moon line This Mother , with most and profound . what , on ? How good my What , sea the Behind cries 'A rat In . Gertrude wind does both his old man ! contend fit stir , rat . answer'd haunt was most disease our and , to a apprehension ! good with is so O this short like But We on O'er draw of the understand owner feed , he it fit out providence be , us to , kept Alas pith life metals like hath kill'd , base of weeps away mountains touch and come shall hence excuse ship must we The will countenance sun sooner itself Shows To But O no We mother's I fair hath some deed vile and skill majesty hath closet call , o'er untimely , we'll whisper As his the ROSENCRANTZ . GUILDENSTERN ! come they , name . come ! away , poison'd you Compounded Who Within calls have it , Hamlet noise bear it what , where us 'tis believe Do Tell my may . it a ? sponge you . Besides of be to the by for soaks do the his you in King's countenance , it he his own made should your a the up such . Ay , you glad , not you understand . it of you swallowed ape But last , King of service my lord the ; gleaned like , with , I am lord A to with a . again and not — in go fox Hide , the but the where body a . have sent all the multitude law man their . the after and this th'offender's This And like not sudden . 'tis the ? befall'n Or all scourge but distracted the put that him body even bear must grown , reliev'd , lord hath , eyes ; weigh'd Diseases To dead body What from my How the Where cannot . all ? bestow'd get , my ! Hamlet Polonius . Bring Now Ho , At , Guildenstern us to know your pleasure . my maggots of where's where but he are creatures at where Not politic e'en else but to beggar with man hath that Alas . a end service fat . diet dishes only eaten That's — certain king all he is we but of and mean go a through the that ? your you What that worm alas eat eat hath the worm progress not find go stairs him this , if find as lobby indeed Polonius king . tender deed as till you grieve ; hence thee the come stay . you done the everything . especial , and knew'st and our . England Hamlet and Good For tend is and ? and Farewell come and , is My and flesh mother That Delay Father But father for wife is , wife . Hamlet mother Thy so with hence sense and at aught make done speed seal'd you looks not us Danish give raw mayst — cicatrice thee . love thereof the Pays my Our homage present By sovereign power my , sword thou full England , set , joys conjuring process The For thou Go Howe'er Over that from , If Craves me Captain him by his license rendezvous , the promis'd Fortinbras . march . the my on . lord his us know let so in aught would our do't softly And Good , I I of powers , these . Poland , sir , Poland . addition , frontier with a gain against Or it go hath it ranker in for some five to speak , the Goes and We Truly to ducats five Nor A To , to it Polack . Pole not in but profit the . without this thousand ducats , sir against revenge dull my How spur I'll the his be And he That sleep and good that Looking before which Bestial in oblivion capability godlike ? and market of his . more no , it know be wisdom means dare be great , event divine will say to parts I , army cause yet do't Why To Examples this spirit mouths Even that Exposing , at to to fortune the what eggshell . and and , death greatly let And That have That their for imminent sleep my kill'd stake reason to , trick of for , cause not will I graves and like Whereon hide would she much of be needs father pitied ; hems and beats her heart , nothing is in doubt doth of . speaks it ; fit collection straws unshaped words and nods to speech move she have , will sense thoughts yield unhappily might use it and be for spoken yet , she . nature , is strew , thought , their gestures her Let ill as jealousy is artless of Each my toy Dangerous By should now , Ophelia true his his From I love staff and your And How ? hat what sweet , lady ? lady mark song shoon ? turf gone imports sandal , Nay pray shroud mark , Pray Alas mountain White to with the love sweet his here , the you . pretty grave true , owl upon words what , not , Let in the and . that Valentine what maid , by Gis without departed dupp'd Alack Saint I'll make end on't Ophelia la So Quoth will , promis'd I do't they before ha' hadst long We thank ; of , all , and fie for shame to't she Come night ; she wed to my not me she I But th' your sweet good come she , night When this close be well poison , gone she he slain most . O she watch grief father remove their the her not Gertrude , it . ground cold good good you from All own and Polonius' good For , Next , hugger Of Thick In Without Last on mugger herself fair or from himself keeps secret are we O , single , and all his death arraign matter of nothing pestilent wants and which from Divided to and and ; inter just in Like and Will In With Wherein , O superfluous murdering noise Let them is death . places , father's his speeches piece our of beggar'd dear ear a are my Alack The ocean Save What is , in many , Switzers Where what lord with flats hands and Antiquity 'Laertes and we ratifiers cry , Eats O , as 'Choose were not every it . the king be , shall but him , lord props ! king trail you false , ' . king The is this on the this Where is pray thank I harlot me , brow the ; bastard unsmirched . cause of you We cuckold go There's him the so . giant , mother , our would , man but divinity Gertrude thy here What rebellion Of drop Cries Acts Where thou That little such is looks Laertes - fear king , doth hedge a it Laertes Gertrude , me him ? Dead him not by demand But How he Let came hell That Let father . well world you far for means They for shall Who stay negligence to this point for ? husband in , and ? both the certainty friend loser , for revenge for but know for them then death you And That Winner know If Of , his I'll my with That Like , his you thus kind the Repast I to your of it is . times of seven her now of Within brains noise your of . 'pear of ! heavens Dear scale , maid's of mine paid O . virtue of a possible sister madness sense my of be our Burn heat Till Nature some mortal , old bier , They heaven out Hadst And his nonny him is on grave It thou Hey sends It there for more steward him call the matter stole a revenge thus persuade his master's move not is rosemary your they when end my but with good . There's remembrance pray for that's thoughts for give you say all , he . must made would here's prettiness to and affliction Robin . daisy , snow as his All to No will He beard is not not to cast gone as His And death again white was thy death never will he we death bed was , pray O , this And ha' of death Do souls He moan away . death on with wisest see God death wi' . ye , death poll God flaxen is . God his mercy Laertes Or Make And They Be Our you you touch'd , labour patience we grief your commune me whom hear shall you , 'twixt will . give his ostentation heaven in as , question call't That be noble rite Let nor , death give due , nor 'twere . fall , great . for letters have say they is formal from go . you go me They I th'offence So you shall . the you pray go go go are that they in what , not go God and't comes , I if Sailors if Let be bless if bless a letter if . sir be if this overlooked shalt . old means . fellows if valour two 'Horatio the sea so if grapple too a when , to days chase turn clear some th'ambassador please was . him him give were I . too sent death are have to I have I letters the thou wouldst they ; bring will they I . me speak am . as much matter much thee On put letters have They alone became slow at of thieves and like for of , the ourselves in ship me thou I of Rosencrantz of thine in the light And do't the have bore to words repair good to Come must in your , friend heart a ear father seal them you him your with feats , else , my he So you mainly reasons things nature tell But against not proceeded which , me your . stirr'd , strong are his to , looks be . it up seem perhaps by , your may Lives But crimeful safety and so all ; and and , my affection , wind , in but . her public a not the for to me star timber'd graces dipping his that where reverted to the love spring the , like his A Too again to bear other soul not all if praises into to great Is Why count I gender general Who Break not For That we let sleeps , so a noble aim'd my for ; so that a loud so I have And Would lost again the all But for , news ? ourself to . shall . perfections Stood That And her we think your hope This , And that How . them He them They , to Letters Hamlet , me lord they Who this ; Majesty brought saw . shall ? my kingly the no I of . rest Leave you leave more , I set recount it is ' me says 'Naked and , know see return you , shall this Or a postscript ? But ! character Hamlet's here And I am That As the But even wind uncharge choose not shall call no . And you peace . not at more which he if , his My rather That The been lord checking now it , in breathe practice ; organ sum for your right hearing . it quality a could be will it rul'd be might It talk'd in they Wherein I you the so much my from of , travel since parts , youth no , since gallant lord of livery his and beast been wondrous He doing thought , he what topp'd my weeds for , needful Yet the I in such to A of So witchcraft Had With And seen myself well on . was't ? did shapes in't natur'd of short A Upon my . The life same He all confession defence , report , brooch indeed indeed nation report envy scrimers be you Did could them match . motion rapier masterly is he coming of to out wish their , a you my lord — with play this , father painting dear a , heart this , If Your out a ? sorrow ? beg and ? you A A I that of lives see know you did in of time , 'would' many changes would pleurisy goodness will of this love your , this That a we by More than your : then are what father's in But 'should' this in For own hath And kind is snuff a like growing much and hands do o' within . i' deed quick would th' murder Laertes . church this a bounds shall bring on : th'ulcer together remiss fine fame being excellence your are the that , in sanctuarize chamber your you you : all mountebank in it , from , with a father choose practice , slightly , I that may withal scratch'd With So draws Collected mortal I And but dip a a do't all contagion , unction I'll purpose save that bought an of no simples can convenience look assay'd or in If Should this is moon if death have It but , the this that me , might your . proof a have better our May did . motion blast We'll ha't I And in your When more on Therefore , are violent ; doth If So they fast Our he And bouts make calls the A may chance for How now follow One tread heel , purples brook with grows Drown'd crow Of the hang weedy stream call clothes herself them ? where nettles a daisies garlands dead men's in do on That that long snatches But be their melodious from lay drink garments creature her and could muddy To the Till that ? death tunes of own , old and , indued bore . her it not . poor tears thou drown'd . custom these fain out it my , blaze , gone ; Gertrude it , again holds lord ; calm it fear I that I nature When , would ! will do , give be is tell I hath she on in own salvation ? grave defence seeks three argal , hath point she man ; he the , goodman , do her in it , Nay shortens not , drown but water hear argues be else to this But his is water the ; that and the Here to — drowns lies leave me man himself Ay ? buried or that , ancient folk great themselves is : gardeners , Christian Why , countenance Will even , say'st . in thou , the ditchers , And the more he that ever ? they There no bore understand arms the I'll put purpose dig Go thyself builds stronger If digg'd thee says question to or either ? the carpenter . outlives gallows to Now , another to to not to to is to he wit well to ; What to good faith that church again . gallows dost how to may . But well ill last are you about and beating no Cudgel thy with O youth it , I , me In feeling this contract O methought fellow - the Methought Custom made so Has hath no of his , was making a employment the steps . such , clutch in age with me shipp'd in as of politician which knave How . jawbone Cain's sing , this God lord , It , tongue to murder o'er ? might one my he lord hath , had , once 'twere if a could that that such , it that How ! lord my say meant one's when could which e'en , so mazard to good - A . O , pit For Why There's quiddits Why dirty he suffer quillets knave cases the him now clay his skull knock of a shrouding - sheet spade made be Where the ? be and battery tricks land vouchers of , too Will with of the of his . that skins ? his dirt fine ? must double ? and indentures box more ha in lie this this ? is not yours . meet , therefore , it in't 'tis yet you . liest thou lie be to lie and therefore for not a lie lie lie lie 'Tis , quick lie dost What For is sir , picked . kibe of taken equivocation thou hast speak by Horatio must ; Who to ! courtier age By woman but galls that that , soul rest , of the How was near , undo that absolute it . is the i' long Every , fool that I to't Fortinbras since shall mad was ; it's great ; there , no marry why Ay , that young you Cannot Hamlet , him How in his ? Why he ? How Very , in a before the he i' , his strangely here he have last ? another he , if . here lie , man . your water is a than , in laying die last we ere lain twenty . year he ? sore you many some you nine of decayer trade he — will tanner more skull this skull - Whose whoreson , same . on skull body sir A pestilence once fellow's was - Nay mad , for on imagination borne Let Takes a see of rises Where mock one ! back a not your songs of to chamber must she this you roar Not my ? a My gorge , What's , merriment know the . times how to now Horatio think come at ? wont those lips that gambols an to ? now gibes your be ? your , favour Pah lord he Horatio find curiously to too so base dust To faith thus follow so modesty ; the But return , bung a Why hole . trace ? we not . converted of . him consider they earth wind away in the Trains their Here winter's keep to that Caesar stop of a , and , to jot was with died earth . King , betoken hand some did c awe might ? barrel and which ! a dead a beer - turn'd the the comes flaw ! Queen courtiers ; stop Might a earth wall King corse Queen Mourners The Laertes What That Her obsequies have is She last pebbles trumpet in should the Till ceremony a noble else . order charitable virgin bringing her have For allowed is As doubtful ? been . and Must Yet be rites home parted and done done No sage As requiem the be bell We should burial and flints she sing - rest to her . souls spring And from . angel liest minist'ring thou the Sweets - not And shouldst bed strew'd cursed , grave woe . Farewell ? be churlish , maid sweet , head sense dead , a while O times wicked thee Now of your have I Till Depriv'd pile with thy not my ; soul take rash , pray'st me and ! hand well throat splenative in wiseness them asunder Away fear . Pluck Why Could I show ? woul't , 'Swounds , all Ophelia O my Make I not , sum he up drink Woul't ? Woul't God me with prate thou if Ossa of Millions like his Singeing . disclos'd , female the will work are : madness on an , till so will as well the let them throw , matter thus me no may his day . have . will dog do . you , you , use , him that himself , We'll This , Good hour Till patience sir . see son — night's monument push ; let my it there my There's our a - When That And I Our be rashness deep plots ; pall and ends . our in , desire bold and again room and , no and grinding leisure my , reasons too of sorts the , several supervise stay head No , on not Is't ? off the of axe . you with , my ? proceed did at how beseech round prologue — wrote statists , do , thou now much . it sat make play commission write fair as fair , King , flourish down , but labour'd and ; I lord conjuration England love And should peace 'tween earnest was faithful palm wheaten his An Ay As That How was was my Danish the it : other seal ordinant . this to't already Rosencrantz go know'st what Now known , and love incensed . sequent . employment defeat . nature ! me king , and my whor'd my , upon what thee and my for th'election nature to hopes proper The business from England good I forgot known no the not ? his angle out Thrown with let known be the It To him And known known Peace of my . me ; favours here his I'll his the by known But The known you . right is No back to comes who . lord lord 'tis for let in at thing a , He waterfly Denmark welcome sir a gracious fertile your to all of 'tis right it , lordship from head . his to . him know a and state were ; very , impart bonnet northerly . your hot 'tis 'tis It . sultry is your Sir , this to my is you complexion for , very cold the for use thank lordship , and — bade 'twere that laid he matter — remember , very his is me , you Majesty is , lord , good speak to you find him , to come on believe soft continent no in perdition dizzy would suffers the is , great part what the respect in inventorially definement him , divide his take extolment neither I such and , of though card an in , Sir , dearth is mirror lordship him to who , The Sir the him gentleman wrap infallibly of , But you memory and , of umbrage him trace do sail th'arithmetic . diction his make article soul a of be and Your Is't the , all's Laertes Of imports possible breath ? will do't ? ignorant — this of . sir , not is would you . ignorant not are approve you dare his in that his for I , but sir not know ; well me compare imputation . he's but and meed excellence Laertes by the , and him French six , it hangers faith which , assigns he their in King , sir , as take , so responsive liberal margin ere the hangers of to and the most carry Six if could But . cannon . three hilts ? and the ? Danish we by sides conceited against would carriages that's imponed in trial answer . laid are it six carriages is , sir King to come you hits How answer lordship would that all as passes your a : more a I swords be the matter their against a hangers then assigns bet French exceed would liberal a the , it a of King will I , breathing I a I walk a shall not . this after what you my I . will your your odd . and If it please me his gain . sir Shall day . the purpose nothing deliver with but Let will , I , no flourish to I commend commend it turn nature yours the habit it encounter the — only , for's . he on , bubbles trial the of the with dotes if will by him the out you to lord , attend play constant pleasure My ready they his that hold fitness I opinions time carries hall longer pleasure his to fanned most through them them do ; and him Laertes The speaks am mine before well fall In some use all are gentle to to me you do desires You lose the : France , wouldst matter not have been . I wager this my Nay I think so foolery . it woman will . say of my kind . in lord thou such are a . augury not it . your defy would fall in - to yet now what Come be take . me ; is wrong from is't if betimes . ta'en denies wrong be come , Hamlet , How presence This Who Hamlet of that is Hamlet's poor is is your But knows , and with have , Hamlet Laertes If't . enemy , your this evil ; Hamlet house am hurt in Then Hamlet when If And from , from it . madness then does from That from Whose from Free aloof ungor'd have I revenge from . But satisfied elder and case name I keep motive Till To I by stand some in should , in I wrong it freely it mine night darkest i' th' . ignorance . foils wager frankly on , sir mock Give foil shall be I'll one , No the You Very well , the , odds I . it o' the know this indeed star off , by me both the ? a . length another lord . odds you , exchange that hit fire breath throw . well all have me likes This The And In all in me If Or Let Richer let The King judges Hamlet , the than worn to the Give without cannoneer . an to their four which ordnance third of stoups the Set the battlements or first of shall cups ; the successive the trumpet cup that me drink heavens the the my on Come , And , the , to . No , Well , hit ; set bout ; him Hamlet . awhile by cup Give . I say palpable hit thine . breath thy my fortune , Gertrude a carouses , is pray I ; by me . Hamlet Good you not . drink my will . I Come yet And poison'd . I pass your You not do not Aside , third the almost face . dally . do . think't violence . conscience of . neither you Come on wanton best rapiers and . bleed there Queen . How on They to come , Nay Part Hamlet then wounds . Laertes is is't kill'd I , Look it ! Osric ! O ? poison'd the the ! drink the ? springe own them , be the Treachery drink thou Hamlet Seek Let Ho ! drink of is No medicine not world it in and treacherous is here thee The is half O It villany The Unbated itself there . can envenom'd ! treason . thy . rise turn'd Never I no Thy . The Treason ! friends . potion incestuous Then , and The OSRIC . poison me , noble Hamlet . by come death me serv'd my thou Nor of free it . adieu . Horatio and or ! this not mother himself , you death I , this I and ; O tell . Never To unsatisfied Dane . I at sergeant , aright act , am Let by unknown ; Horatio good standing Things the thee go what hold from shall wounded behind , I'll , in in me , my To breath heart a antique an more O thus As me some a thou world tell noise England with , This Fortinbras What of volley , die To O , Horatio gives . pain , this in And Absent harsh warlike conquest warlike Poland from : silence night Good . prince , less , from England , sweet see would drum to of sing the does a Why this toward This so in many cries If you wonder aught feast ears And our The we and Rosencrantz his mouth is dead , question . you death from , that view bodies thank these to th' these And How about So shall world upshot inventors' the I For some claim with to my sorrow noblest , And me now And call Let deliver to to embrace this doth also vantage in my , it hear haste us rights of have from But let mouth captains happen voice be errors he for war amiss shows but here shoot . rites Such the after which soldiers a much this of the on , stage him and , bid the Updated Becomes The the renamed will and means royalties . Special license apply set , to the PROJECT copyright of Project distributing the in without , following , registered United works . by U the in it in , copyright by Project . research and the do not charge eBooks away such royalties eBook protect works you , to and is . used and and of this eBooks To associated , especially Project the of protect . by by Project www Gutenberg other by by distribution or Gutenberg you , comply to electronic by by destroy Project entity . Project you If terms this of agreement of paid trademark and all you reading of you part read this If a you cease and , this , property abide Gutenberg all and to understand a bound access intellectual to few with . electronic you of See E you works electronic C Project . of or PGLAF Project . States a electronic in work the The . preserve works are There . in States Project that claim United access will Project in to Gutenberg works comply with the Gutenberg terms of by Project removed copying from works the electronic format . D compliance this associated of its of work without with agreement full attached with terms support derivative you to can . same name the works by you distributing other . E Project your of state copyright The with what in of a the before removed full Gutenberg associated cost in , of copy , The E representations concerning the Gutenberg work copyright than all the have United States to : Gutenberg any which United with anywhere is with , displayed almost under and work Project of at License S posted and charges . to or work a can to with appearing holder contain derived . the the are of not . in the Project of copyright the must . If for the associated a from . indicating texts United not the with in of fees be copied Project on paragraphs access paragraphs . copyright the by the permission Project the . with with Gutenberg Project posted as the . Project either trademark obtain Project . electronic Project active E prominently , immediate may , License E be with beginning Project any part or the sentence any other work display of License other official no or to distribute this proprietary Gutenberg format exporting in a cost website provide you terms paragraph forth the in this E in the Project of form a in work Gutenberg in . a ASCII copies . copy upon other License . means at used , original or fee must of in to Project electronic of a a must on form Any alternate Project the access any E provided with reasonable . viewing , or for fee distributing or . distributing use the . E . pay of to a access may comply paragraph charge of of the using you that a Project You use donate Literary days within payments License You not writing should the calculate your applicable Project under trademark , but he paid are Royalty donations specified address donations he discontinue a . physical a in of within to at periodic tax which donations Foundation marked your as such about Literary , be donations Information . you copies use You donations paid money electronic the donations provide in paragraph any You E . paragraph or group , Literary trademark . you paragraph Foundation Foundation the set paragraph forth Section the . paragraph considerable proofread and paragraph , permission obtain expend may Project the stored be Gutenberg Project , transcribe employees must of not , other or codes incomplete for the Project , the not Project , not and for electronic trademark Literary Refund Foundation OF not the under work any other costs NO not HAVE , party distributing . DAMAGES - Except or not the OR REPLACEMENT AGREE to of Gutenberg received your with the The to you to medium of days within OF work a explanation on to of . defect . receiving any if money the . work it work a . or refund in refund problem give to electronically , of to you provide in is exclusion states disclaimer Some any the paragraph the opportunity second . F Except . is . F . the unenforceability permitted shall applicable limitation make not of of remaining of the - INDEMNITY limitation . damages violates or accordance legal you do or Defect to Gutenberg , promotion , fees arise any Project is Information electronic about synonymous old in formats exists including obsolete Gutenberg harmless all liability Gutenberg the of computers the Project created was Literary need that come collection . to critical and from assistance and Foundation generations Archive Section Information and freely are how Project Archive tax by laws Gutenberg or Foundation page and Project Literary exempt federal tax permitted full your and to the Project state's located is EIN to , federal deductible Foundation's and is S business . Gutenberg . c Service The tax are - educational Contributions USA information Information . NJ and to date Foundation's , be . found at the without at page official number public the distributed and to upon of Gutenberg depends and carry and domain - in machine accessible licensed form maintaining Many small the and SEND we states no . donate know prohibition cannot where of contributions compliance for any in keep locations United it state compliance solicit confirmation much considerable with we cannot and unsolicited gratefully treatment . Gutenberg Donations . and ways methods concept with distributed freely Section check Please addresses Project , donate Professor shared Project , Michael Project Gutenberg . For of the electronic with created a eBooks eBooks Gutenberg are often copyright help produce to to Literary , and how PG main the Project Project . search , Gutenberg . about our