? live Stand the . answer Nay Long He . and there unfold . hour . 'Tis , come . twelve at much Get sick thanks quiet had of Stand this . I think And you soldier honest watch O , farewell Holla has Say A , Barnardo of ? hath Give . what , Horatio . is , him . fantasy hold , our twice entreated minutes apparition . of seen our again eyes , 'twill not , speak this Touching And What so He , us tush the this and against sit again approve may two Well Last The Where that westward speak down this , from the , of of part all of t'illume yond his When same us now night Had made not like figure thee break . the spoke be harrows with scholar , would What It me to the Mark fear , Horatio . wonder Horatio ? Question march sometimes In like thou It See ? the that night charge heaven . thee buried of is that 'Tis which Stay now , Horatio , believe ? tremble more you might not Before ! Without my What this gone ! pale ! true avouch : thyself the dead he work not ; watch my our bodes in particular to hour our and Polacks he When He the frown'd So With So such And Why Does Doth What ; I so . King ? inform - joint be impress toils And can cannon sore implements cast most the , war of , with the to emulate most which known by a heraldry with this Thereto Did he forfeit At least Whose as prick'd the this world those conqueror ; Fortinbras a which the Well life valiant , compact his , his ratified Fortinbras our by For Against gaged To he up the Hath inheritance by stood the sir here resolutes enterprise state to , young Fortinbras , and hot of list diet , some take , the , watch father compulsatory well stomach it But and of article design'd Norway Hamlet to And Is The this of may armed through it That is sort mind's portentous e'en land the like so us of this our the mote A it and be motive main haste but wars state Julius the the the ere The was it most little and sun of Was Neptune's and dews fell and tenantless As Did the the the eye , star , of sheeted Rome , events stands moist palmy coming on the , comes voice of demonstrated ! fate , may in foreknowing thy me good me thing ease any , soft But I'll ! it thou may thee behold happily privy Speak sound be do Speak any cross art and . speak of walk , oft death in ! O , Which , treasure thou the you it , womb thy uphoarded in For which of I if it speak and violence being gone of , is it the so blows mockery , the wrong our about when For To We offer started trumpet to sounding his , crew cock the air , it . show , malicious , fearful is to , a it was It , The speak summons then , that of bird they The , And , Doth in And made crowing ever our wholesome hallow'd So No then The nights fairy have object of celebrated comes , we our impart us you our loves acquaint , have life to with him will consent needful This , I spirit , and in do , the dew of up speak by yon , we for ; what my my eastward hill morning conveniently this it ? whole it death our that our Attendant , know and most , of , contracted far with warlike now ourselves state of and one grief and Voltemand . Cornelius and with him , think discretion so hath remembrance joy in herein our Fortinbras young have dirge dropping defeated this of fought we we wisest auspicious funeral to equal ; 'twere to sister sometime with , dole our out and of brother's of frame , barr'd his dear , him for much those of with of law freely gone . thanks , all made all business The To , For Giving you this further King no , and here we than articles and personal the scope meeting Fortinbras we this for time of , VOLTEMAND commend haste it that gait bearers business In Farewell , now And And lose We speak . be not head not more wouldst reason suit told and ; and let your all That The The things will Dane beg not to instrumental to lord mouth Laertes willingly favour Dread wouldst What to I France that ? father , thou , again leave gracious toward pardon . and What wishes to me in wrung ? laboursome , them bow Yet in And My in my father's hath He do my in ; petition lord now show duty in your in duty done ; in says in , son in less kin , you i' hang and sun than . go . off . with mother , cloak is , common . eternity is black particular , it it seems ! 'Tis Seems , If be so Nay my windy Nor not Ay Thou through Passing For To sweet I But Nor Nor , No have give you must Of In But know heart we a will simple be and unschool'd to heaven , to nature common , grief impatient mind , know it fault to Why the As understanding must a A A To of first ' woe father a Than As be the ; for that impart no less bears nobility immediate . school you , you , absurd We let the think hath theme cried us to today to throw take that most are This You And father of his our dearest love Wittenberg remain eye Wittenberg . obey cousin fair cousin unforc'd Denmark and a reply , you cousin her , retrograde comfort , and . cousin , tell shall that and the cousin shall the heaven . Come away cousin . cousin And the cousin Re the Sits Be , 'tis my jocund No This smiling But O His canon How grows speaking and Or Thaw on't it months Possess By two That Seem dead merely . seed So Hyperion But Visit remember face he Must With Let what A yet Ere Had Than I . such She married is My O Would have father's . A tears beast , wants my those father's . she discourse my , eyes galled incestuous come , tears . post . tongue good ! Wittenberg — sir . lord Good even , report no of truster . make you from ; so . violence ? wedding . father . king goodly in all . again my I a while father your father ? King for , father - solemn the watch , thrice kept in me , distill'd of him night knew , march he eyes to This , did would once yet and ; did : as address , loud 'tis duty cock shrunk crew it sight . lord , down it in . strange . troubles ? tonight but BARNARDO up . than frowningly ? had constantly have very Stay'd . would , like you . you much much been BARNARDO tell . much . amaz'd much ? long much much it much . much walk watch will A sable Perchance much to it itself I sight , all no still , well ye tongue silence but shall your conceal'd twelve mine as in arms ! to would . soul : eyes will were you , I Till all sit doubt then Though My foul , o'erwhelm ? from . winds trifling a hear the do assistant as sleep , that , a Hold convoy And My necessaries embark'd . benefit , Hamlet it and the The , permanent No but more grow so of sweet toy in his you a of primy , now mind Perhaps ; his : fear doth he but does And for himself ; for , nature The sanctity therefore and his as the cautel crescent Think For thews In service withal wide Grows virtue Unto Than voice act to if Then and health is , no now himself will weigh'd He His not as subject is not birth do choice on ; state body he believe is sustain further place deed his fits It And keep you in fear unmaster'd heart main the is he voice his . far goes may . loves no withal honour with If or If , Fear too his or As weigh credent or you it and or : desire affection , of or your To or importunity list ear chaste treasure or . of my , or Youth wary then , safety lies or youth in , danger of disclos'd imminent fear , comes . shame for you with double my not a Aboard ? blessing , shoulder sits smiles . fear path a like the And I long too Occasion O upon double , And Yet precepts is the hast thy not them Grapple precepts here wind precepts precepts Those Of Of entrance to a precepts , beware but being . Beware . in thy few thy may ear , precepts judgement , precepts : the rich purse thee comrade adoption . precepts . and not station gaudy ; the and select in not Take of And But a Costly each Give Bear't man's censure but reserve can and . friend . day man that be any thee the night to false as to blessing be loses not then my leave take you Farewell and said , This Most do I What in all above time What servants have to you ? keep please well on I — understand daughter it And As You between is be private told me hath audience been you , Give and your honour you hath yourself hath . put hath truth , hath tenders hath , hath girl ? hath them . think ; baby pay , dearly phrase a poor more me you'll the Tender — honourable it , me , lord , both the do of know love to go . my , daughter , soul , time presence maiden For entreatments , something more light promise not the than as of Set command , a much not , Believe , scanter Be . must Even your take . so Than . I . be that their and This , the lord . very is it talk with come Hamlet . your cold a shrewdly What of ? an now . and The I No held . it hour air And More to Keeps as The Is my And honour'd They our achievements perform'd , nations a . pledge ? is't it mind us us . and other attribute of chances , their it birth The for their Since Oft clepe in pith , marrow vicious o'ergrowth some in breaking some , Being From As His Carrying Shall Doth nature cannot choose complexion , doubt a . pure stamp ; manners livery particular in that Angels Look ministers spirit airs thy thou a intents in , hell Hamlet thee from , damn'd , shape , me , our What So this thoughts night , Why burst thy , will father not we op'd Hath Have Let hearsed ; but death , jaws mean complete marble inurn'd steel should alone . ground . lord by with action will means go then ; my should ? no a . be . I set my Why Do what , me waves a soul not you if do And to o'er his thing it to fear do . sea , my , sea lord . artery out lion's hands my off you ; My fate the petty Nemean call'd make say I , I'll ! ghost Let's ghost ghost follow after Something ghost Have ghost ghost ghost ghost thou wilt Heaven direct me Whither Speak , let's Nay Must up myself . tormenting come and ghost unfold serious thy shall bound lend , am revenge when What ? I , the for art thou to what Speak a for father's confin'd day and the could up tell Would thy Thy two I secrets away done in days thy porpentine be O end , spheres , to ; the eternal hair fires am of - lightest from their word , whose . blood murder ! stir not Haste most foul , meditation shouldst itself stung serpent Wouldst given That this sweep find thee my thoughts with to the , orchard whole of thou father's crown O serpent The abus'd A noble youth , death adulterate wears his thy life beast power lust . queen was have gifts — that virtuous the ! dignity even hand a of poor the to were never heaven , mov'd decline and of with gifts there vow will , air ; orchard , pour man ; through , posset mine ; dispatch'd once , my ; at smooth , crown reckoning , disappointed imperfections nature all made horrible , my to , a body sin my most of pursu'st this damned O not couch But Taint Let hast thou thy O No off , With And prick Against Adieu - sting mother nor thou mind Fare his adieu ! Hold me her let her well be uneffectual matin the thee fire . seat , my Remember . sinews O ! my a else heart observation past observation , observation observation observation ! observation villain observation down alone volume Yes my shall . is smiling woman , brain observation . ' . word me remember . MARCELLUS my lord My . HORATIO Within Within . him ! lord come my lord news boy , ho , ho I then But , lord lord I Nor my . once ? tell reveal by it from ? my , How you , HORATIO you'll MARCELLUS and by , villain think man ne'er To tell us desire business man business so Why And You I hold is — I'll , it , Look ; every as your as Such For These are I'm , And by For an you It Patrick ghost desire your Yes As is you friends , What Give , known My Never , I the Indeed Nor sworn Upon upon sayst the . stage ? under ha this swear lord . there . truepenny , thou Art ground seen have . hands Never Hic of Never A pioner old Beneath ! Canst Once this i' th'earth wondrous , our upon you as stranger give more hither , Swear to And lay Well , mole worthy said O night ! remove is a things of odd That Here Than There more before strange Or Or That So Beneath Swear Or As 'If With you God With , willing And t'express do , what And That Rest rest , love a as friending and joint . right cursed your . together Reynaldo these notes let's born set on not shall still The will I shall intend lord make inquiry . Reynaldo . said , behaviour means , first very do visit did Danskers and Paris you . where in finding , friends touch father mark this knowledge expense are Look ; What they do , son his you some do , you , know — will ; of him' , as 'twere mean and my wild , nearer and more question come distant know That my 'I part if't and please ; and , take , but , I ; he's , noted But you so As or , Quarrelling drabbing . drinking gaming would You dishonour the lord liberty wild marry ; such youth are sir Ay That you may , mind ; him , faults liberty so , would , little it lord slight a my ? lord general I You As And , sullies know you this that — country . addition the , ' 'gentleman' . prenominate working , this ' something to say ? ' I leave . was What According so phrase good sir to — about was Of about my Where lord he consequence or 'gentleman ; o'ertook there with yesterday of or t'other : him enter so , at such a . See sale' , of rouse and of reach you , day such and , gentleman , you say — bias this with of we windlasses By With Videlicet Or or God lord , his Good in yourself . inclination Observe I ? other purport in gyved look down a - so piteous knocking out before it fear . love comes loosed he and , been I know , I but What he goes Then speak As To My he And As it being . sigh shaking Long so , bulk lets he piteous waving thus of length and o'er go me his without their way his doors the And He As end And And , Whose is with go the to under of go will ecstasy itself undertakings heaven am I our fordoes — love me . bended find o' me This light you and to his natures any . very , sorry hard as letters me . denied did words . of . him better he did my with hath repel heed . made mad our age jealousy ! beshrew for beyond cast . common ourselves . fear'd But given ; command but did I seems as is Come hide which to grief must To lack As be More The we dear , Our Welcome , Guildenstern did you call inward himself , man both you it What Hamlet's ; Of Resembles ; And cannot little draw So ; you remedy ; living you thus court , will , not of to please are awhile hope thanks , us command power more into such profit shall a Both to both ourselves , bent full , have majesties , receive king's your the Than of entreaty , pleasures and gentlemen is , you of some and and our . Go gentle presence Heavens Pleasant And Th'ambassadors from , amen lord . my return'd . good news , liege my , my good , soul father you Assure been the I this gracious hold of King brain , Thou hold my hast to , Hunts my I lord I I Both O do I hath in them bring to long lunacy ; he all . of doubt He The head Voltemand what return , greetings a truly friends sift the but other and no marriage Norway desires and ; Polack him out which preparation first Most Upon His nephew's he , levies of good suppress impotence , found he into sent To so That It be better against hand in sickness 'gainst Highness , Norway before borne his look'd the griev'd , obeys whereat ; and , pass against employ the herein , might it And commission as levied old of his ; from vow before entreaty his him So Gives And our thank more think , you , at such please an your On likes well . feast set safety As and Answer Meantime consider'd are down . we'll upon your - business ended , is brevity night son flourishes is day , the I be tediousness Why Therefore Were Mad is't , And is liege My What nothing to be night of and is . less go time , noble and outward Your limbs else that with use the this . no will him grant it is he find we Mad That gather is Perpend , no all at 'tis A now this thus obedience Now . duty daughter this , 'tis 'tis true : I , let us out say For That have Or have have and whilst cause have and — have , shall have ; most phrase vile hear a idol have you the thou stay have Doubt Came Doubt Doubt But have sun awhile phrase but from madam this are move , will reckon to him art to , have . to these numbers I a stars doubt O best love receiv'd ? my my place my Adieu . it machine , and my , his this is , his my ; me my my think by time to mine my you and what love on you , and idle went , I round - you you might . dumb , sight his no fruits took , should no he done she you a No is And upon of I then prince mistress ? look'd I play'd your receive precepts star book think out , herself short into by he , make , raves a thence now this wherein madness And a to Fell 'Lord Which must not be That Admit , all you the , watch , we lightness be Do for fast declension , know that ' fain otherwise be . know find otherwise it me lead try . will indeed were , him , wretch , try carters a fall'n love arras daughter to , thereon state . away me ? man Hamlet mercy good - a me , my know you Do . picked being a . lord is but not be man one is . my , a on . fishmonger a . again youth him to speak this not at you say daughter walk my my to't look . I Still I is . the are faces What I'll mean - with potently gum hams yet sir believe All which old go am have it backward it , hold slave is method slave . slave down you in't lord lack slave . men powerfully set crab slave sometimes slave , How slave , there . the slave grave the o' ! replies sanity suddenly not that are could , is Into air Aside air meeting most me life take I means the honourable so lord You contrive My Fare These , cannot prosperously of will that leave my old withal sir , You seek to go Polonius To the . you ! Guildenstern earth Ah both of As good . that we My , shoe lord soles are the of . her strumpet ? privates of the very her middle ? Fortune my have near that friends not good you my lord my that the that . that that confines worst , and dungeons , that one hither deserved , that . Let me that at that prison . my not there count a dreams mind bad narrow it lord . me 'tis I very . myself the of shadow a . have bad of . quality light and Which infinite airy of but we Shall . are Then Truly dreams indeed are the itself , merely , is ambitious bodies reason GUILDENSTERN . and upon you the a and a and so ambition and shadows matter and , what no lord my and with honest , and thanks a Is dear but I occasion ? and my it poor too ? inclining are in , sort even thanks own ; say , a come lord You your which were Come . me with What the in sent not for . is craft there you of rights of proposer , by , whether the by the a you better me , hold . no anticipation sent you no or for . If your brave ; disposition forgone feather all , it you look me fretted no What firmament tell your and late appears goodly exercises , of in like this most , the and secrecy to the King I . there to ; me such not yet in say no stuff 'Man my what on not . way me' them man ? this Lenten the , you his use shall shall are or , players What to for't shall wont say make city . such take travel they her , adventurous are plays they gratis the sigh Even their I comes by ? followed did they estimation they , so indeed No hold the they Do endeavour Their both means , both I the ? that , they the for't wonted pace Do stages of afraid most are and . How , rapiers , little so . and call . Who goose tyrannically . berattle they are . than should much tarre . for has been the to , no argument there O , has been Is't ? it away no the too ? lord throwing and player There on do them unless carry carry carry that strange my carry the . lived if carry for uncle Do do carry is , of carry Hercules for my father his . carry give , those find philosophy twenty . picture natural , me Let hands . entertainment and the to extent aunt which . Elsinore are players There welcome fashion to appear dear wind handsaw When lord is . You . man . hearer is . old — twice comes right will the Guildenstern baby lord I , hither , tell he , My news have , pastoral The best pastoral Then came world comical be a , had , he — no , passing Why 'One Still daughter Jephthah . well my th' my lord The Aside i' on old daughter have . Why , my ? look where , see is , valanc'd thee glad am Thy Pray in old my your be By'r by gold , to me face What God the falconers give passionate a like French ? speech once What Come . me once to whose , judgements digested was in were no set play But , nor but one well it top I , was , I with method phrase much an lines might the speech One it live , as me Pyrrhus with begins fine than horse arms sable , he couched lay this heraldry now Black , loved and where begin It Aeneas' slaughter Dido to , Priam's tale he whose did more tyrannous Roasted and , ominous the so not rugged as is The memory is With , To their my Pyrrhus at with But his Takes Stoops Seeming feel reverend as Priam this father So like a ear base to Th'unnerved the drives . whiff wind Then and prisoner , neutral in , Which Of A As Doth death Did heavens , rack some new - storm , stood to Pyrrhus and still , stick , pause below eterne proof dreadful work fall the so after than the hammers . Fortune take fellies , remorse sets rend Aroused With , In general spokes as to strumpet the low out , thou synod round the As This And for He's It barber's bowl away nave down the the long . of her Prithee he good threat'ning upon loins up , the head ? flames that sword sword sword steep'd pronounc'd sport . sword , sword — sword , sword sword eyes in's . let Good time you of the a . epitaph this hear chronicles their his after man every I , used will ; better them play a The of Gonzago . Take dignity . The and , set I which or tomorrow sixteen dozen ha't We'll Very . To , lines well Rosencrantz till Ay his her force voice his , For to Hecuba What's broken forms Tears That But That Had have And he the A The a - Like very Confound ignorant mettled , with appal and , ear , eyes of nothing , unpregnant rascal , for life ? i' does : and , lack cannot be gall , throat , face across a dear most and property defeat Upon , gives me region , breaks the for or ! a cursing like unpack Fie upon't a very ! Foh heart drab heard a at scene have by ! This is and of I revenge the I Prompted like a About Have With That A creatures soul the to very by They , Been For guilty murder I'll mine him tent I'll proclaim'd . I'll the have no malefactions I'll organ like miraculous most Play uncle . his my have I'll I'll devil The spirit . that have father looks I'll observe he but ; seen I'll grounds King I'll thing . the drift puts by means distracted ? sounded . quiet circumstance confession aloof to on a with we Nor we do what cause him turbulent will Most true But would he feels confess When he forward be keeps , Madam I as To We And - And raught , Most free in demands . pastime these kind the a certain out . think it seem way Of are night hear he To 'Tis heart hear him and it delights me , further doth inclin'd purpose on so lord us for Ophelia myself ourselves , we For Sweet shall We And If't That thus he obey . I shall I to so his honours your . way hope happy is judge he as , of be him To . show ourselves of . oft in , visage book this you on this , beautied speech devil The a smart harlot's him is The Is Than hear my be , Whether To When For For The of wrong The To sleep in makes . whips us oppressor's That patient That a bare grunt the and that us traveller No Thus Is And fly And Than makes And pale moment of pith action their of ! all How does thank ; long to , you I aught . well ? remembrances well this for have - of . deliver , yours . I honour'd you That if beauty Ay Could for to ; it is likeness . truly his honest and to lord power of beauty sooner can with your your the you . you not inoculate . honesty the beauty time so honesty ? old but so now force of than was virtue . it ; I give thou be as more us between to , Go none I am than crawling I shape earth lord act I of . a thy proud things ? breeder accuse me my beck ! sweet house that upon At own give , are in them thoughts ? the If ice , go as , may home help I'll pure enough . for in's this , and powers heavenly heavens if another , him ! them calumny Be dowry you , him O men make I'll marriages keep they married , go O your and have , Go live ; of no shall . and ; nunnery wise you paintings on't You well what scholar's is hath given you say sword form state , fair , noble rose and Th'expectancy The , God's lisp of the , of vows reason and sovereign , his most mould , me and a soldier's of of ladies wretched , most see . tongue , observers unmatch'd what have of . O . spake madness , which something , the brood and sits hatch which some do ? Love Blasted be I I it the of : demand His Will Was Nor what see way form disclose his on it There's melancholy that do tend little to settled matter But well in countries he seas objects different heart him you ? thus do yet What himself the With his still . commencement love tell set For Haply do This and It from But show his his all Let need not . hold queen grief their And To Of To England be We , mother , him shall be so . him in him , unwatch'd it pronounced your to players had I the in not all it , Nor of as many ; you do I Madness It , do the of . pated ears nothing fellow are robustious periwig split of , a , for use but may , capable Pray I Herods such to it whirlwind . a you avoid inexplicable special . tutor discretion own . warrant Herod let your your honour modesty playing word action dumb the passion of to me offends tear rags part out very , noise observance of the , though ; his , the it own is you to that show others censure of . O Now , there accent others the and , play seen off a pagan profanely some that — Christian thought of well , had have and of highly — not that the allowance , overdone own 'twere not purpose the is from now body the O the down . reform'd journeymen , so the men have that of the heard make the the them it . bellowed , so , play barren clowns ready , lord this my ? work and now King , it That's And the haste players considered in the make . Go of piece two you Queen too presently ? them lord . GUILDENSTERN my , at your service . just thee , absurd flatter'd the thy ; from flatter withal . spirits a lord poor pomp the lick , mistress was herself man A , dear let fawning of of hinges Dost her suffers and my soul . thee may follow men pregnant candied hast , tongue Why that blessed are those finger that heart much of hast distinguish Fortune's And well for . please and they what core do I is That is I prithee There heart's not thee Which I , the a , slave co Give I my guilt , man stop play Something will , ay too before that thee very uncle not is And eyes will both heedful note ; this . foul to our Well detecting the 'scape , the I must . to aught steal he . A coming we stithy It I Vulcan's And As will And For If They march , faith of the Hamlet ? capons . mine these , cousin and King I theft , idle words once i' , play'd not are you good a actor accounted My , Polonius To my I did I What a of so enact kill'd . ready I was . my my brute , To good King the calf capital him , Ay mother Come I shall hither , Hamlet they more metal do your matters ? meant my lord my I . lord maids' your lord think lord Who Nothing to between lie nothing . is What thought think . lord , fair That's a cheerfully mother What , my . hours two two the die ! heavens must man's , months ago then , horse - Queen and great the with by'r sables , twice , father died months may memory outlive whose black , for I'll O embracing him down makes awhile in again The his . unwilling , woos takes action seeming She She . her and . returns some it asleep kisses with with the off . The . Queen . gifts to Marry We the this mallecho miching means argument . show you what means . the it mark naught : what this show not for , For naught you'll that not us tell . they'll ? players and I'll a this a love ? round , hands been sheen , orbed cart thirties borrow'd gone former I nothing holds love and neither and though sick so from cheer my aught , hath is extremity : of be and ere lord , may , and sacred Unite commutual in the many count us Make So That what My fair world : doubts , thee leave , is fear . you women's my love must belov'd their , and leave thou . the , shortly made fear there grows . know so my breast rest treason me behind do kind powers in love and shalt For live shalt O instances second second must wed love Such The . kill Are kill you do Purpose kill kill kill kill kill ; lose tree kill break you . the : speak the birth is But now But What The joy Grief Where Their own ending necessary unshaken fruit but slave sticks they 'tis Most , but poor when what in passion for on with not is That This joys enactures joy grieves , with fortunes favourite fortune on love And hitherto For And who in Directly who , great , Our , orderly wills are , thoughts thou ours our to a makes doth , devices still are husband is , me thy Our But needs shall friends you , mark lack seasons thoughts , no thy , me trust in from anchor's Sport turn the be and second lord scope my hope , destroy strife it lock repose desperation opposite what earth give day , dead . own , our joy well me , to To here , pursue food pursue deeply tedious with and it pursue pursue pursue . pursue pursue methinks ? pursue beguile play this twain word there she'll argument do , no , Madam , how her offence offence in't no no , keep . poison ? Duke's name play , his This call , how a is gall'd one jade see murder Vienna 'tis wince , nephew unwrung . to are of ? that This ; anon , are interpret Still — Begin croaking and murderer a keen your black mixture , of , weeds , better the hands Confederate season rank natural Thy On Thou , apt , ban Thoughts and It you begin With Come faces , th'garden choice . Italian of . Gonzago's love . story The anon shall written , him Give For runs a and the two forest , ungalled weep , roses players of Provincial feathers play a sir my rest razed , the , if ? Didst . here . pound ghost's ghost's ghost's , comedy not music ghost's . him . poisoning ghost's ? ghost's , well my lord . ghost's the Upon ghost's , some For then he likes not some me . history . it some the . some perdie , some some . distempered — of some ? marvellous him ? sir with choler to signify . frame . and , spirit hath breed right do will your . mother's If sent it end of the , such my , say as mother her you you , struck into But ! mother this . admiration hath of so a you times in heels stonish with ten she trade with , you once still , by cause your if you of succession you grows in the one — me , as me . see duty be too that understand . lord My Believe me I I , beseech touch I no know easy as as give it thumb eloquent mystery you you 'Tis , music cannot , me ; a , speak from my lowest note in think . upon music me sound is . you you bless God yonder Queen speak 'tis you , the you ; to compass yet My Do Very a . weasel a is a like and cloud lord the see that's almost It is mass By Or whale They fool weasel . to me the friends by . top , bosom not ever mother , blood be this soul to not unnatural Nero thy Soft out me hell Now , easily to Contagion enter cruel be me My I quake to , daggers her never his let I words , with prepare dispatch with may , not commission your him us he And to England range , consent . ourselves religious doth not . us safe you safe estate forthwith , hourly it fear your is but of Majesty . mind a The . It many . lunacies his of Out Dies not all The Most mortis'd on it alone of spirit That the Attends and King the you , this put but ; Arm with it weal many ; of of , draw , general . GUILDENSTERN and , fetters , We ROSENCRANTZ , I with to , pray Did Are , the , hear as Since To Which now going , process lord hath , It my tell dear the A Thanks as ! sharp what you audience more them she'll warrant said makes Fare you to my go I well than was , o'erhear should ; heaven , bound begin hand , heavens mercy , force up prayer of , murder ; action and faults . form world my lies above itself the retain of shove seen mine pardon'd currents and . it can Yet My Of Even give the true is to in Try Art Bow state wretched soul engag'd more O evidence can . there wicked the , repentance sinews stubborn , In , heart the may knees that struggling Help What ! I do as of All be do't kills is am , And But 'Tis in with him him in the for blown and would he so , blown I so And villain sole blown , took all how blown To is sword in blown , th'incestuous no blown gaming At Or him blown that but whereto hell blown physic This ; As And When ; Then ; that soul his may damn'd mother sickly advances ; My ; go to my King thoughts have pranks ; heaven home broad to to stood him with between , bear lay and me him here . e'en , not thou father hear I , him , Now , matter mother , Hamlet you go , Mother , by so brother's wicked Hamlet now ? not with answer with how question rood , me ? are to down up a budge . not shall part not help , A for How . do see set you you inmost , help ! Draws ! a ducat help ? rat ho ? am O now . slain ? done it thou king 'twas wretched Thou , rash king ! danger to your wring Thou To As Leave wringing a , heart hands thee find'st Polonius As and What dar'st thy the In done is let I If it If noise , wag ? off takes Such it That have and and of the and makes religion . and marriage a . contraction sweet Heaven's and sick and Ay , such Makes love and ? and . on two thunders and loud , as dicers' , glow , roars here upon what - thought brow , command : seal . follows . man a indeed kissing hill form of what that err blood was't blood blood Ears blood ? Ha ! have you Sense ? blood judgement this not apoplex'd To Eyes blood but a blood flaming could was quantity What devil sense not but ; blush sense is bones ? all thy , Proclaim doth shame , burn the be in melt And Since . ardour as more very . gives mine Hamlet not there reason And turn'st eyes such in like that These and nasty the Over rank Nay , in vice twentieth is No speak to . mine Hamlet no ears kings ? your with gracious ! he's hover And precedent lord cutpurse No put from You A of . figure lets ! O acting in not Is in Conceit weakest , works mother discourse you lady vacancy peep alarm ? son , look , stones he , upon the of how pale glares gentle me do to convert blood for I Do not ? conjoin'd piteous Then To at Why look in his habit the . hear but ! steals ? all Nor No whom , portal madness test , word is of ; to temperately music as not not That film , and your that re for mining skin from . yours as I And My Ecstasy ! very Is Would gambol healthful . Lay I And It Whilst Infects To , and hast rank will them Repent And Good O curb the with part heart the to purer twain . easiness tonight nature more of same with me do punish blessing , be repent I must of . the or easy ; more . to desirous are you I'll I One must death To The I begins cruel him this heaven So , I That bestow gave And bloat this be him and only good ? I more shall , to . on for King and What worse remains behind . reechy call I again a no that bid to bed , you do kisses you , know wise , made no I , if And Let who , the fly basket despite 'Twere . craft in from the No a but a , To dear your , to thou What England I letters I must : And Whom the must Let have to me the seal'd breath Alack , adders my hast Hoist them When with I And , still night . secret , and . you with to , this most grave . room . meet an counsellor . while . tonight understand seen ! heaves them little profound rat son . sighs 'tis your does sea , is a fit contend ? Hamlet In us of us had To It been And Behind Which hearing . and wind his , The so yourself , His full shall be have Should Whips out in brainish old with liberty Even This is , had we been there so . how , to answer'd ? providence us bloody man to most much mad We young from keep the apart very madness hath base what for , mountains no ship with all hence and this and , majesty our him sun excuse in , We we itself Among the Shows must sooner both out Hamlet Go . him Into chapel the But The O Gertrude come away ! the hath pray fair speak know them dragg'd wisest mean to , so haply we up further , skill the aid ! to slander our miss come his diameter what you , in world's full What ? noise have you Compounded What Tell us bear your counsel replication what Do Believe And not whereto take that to the may . should a be for and the his ? lord me King , he , lord , dry . again it . and when , glad A understand in do soaks sir , such Ay them swallowed : last squeezing ape like authorities you I us the a Bring . nothing Of dangerous have , King is but King A How sent to strong distracted , is him goes law multitude away desperate must smooth scourge on loose and , fox . the man and him that we is seek this weigh'd eyes ! even and ; pleasure lord know your where's supper Polonius Bring Ho , Hamlet . he At but e'en eats is . worm . A fat your eaten emperor is but That's — and ! ourselves of only variable one are worms politic fat with may to fish thou fed hath that fish man the What worm that by beggar a a may go through the find you the . there him there him , not stairs . come . safety — dearly send Therefore , tend For Good ? is our if , as — wind , purposes . England ! wife Come one . speed with tonight hence father and so mother . him and flesh aught at Pray is and . seal'd done give may thou Tempt Hamlet . man England ; for thereof looks make I'll . foot it Away else That Delay England After if my great yet thy power the Our Howe'er my Go And to , in must , cure like me my If We . Craves kingdom his Over will him our Majesty do't I duty in his eye ; these . Fortinbras of ? frontier nephew Goes to go Truly main and , to Or the , Pole . it sir some profit should , A Nor ranker pay five it yield ducats hath in it five to Norway or sold twenty and thousand not , then is be it in fee will already thousand ! sir before lord my Go against . reason A and revenge good feed market little . discourse more not it us his time after dull occasions a of scruple — be but I , charge exhort to do wisdom means dare , prince puff'd straw then , a in How I a mother . without and invisible eggshell at of a honour's sleep death reason kill'd , and death fantasy of to unsure death event and to argument stand my for death , a , death death death death worth . distract and is doth ? hears heart , doubt in things speech it they ; sense at world half Yet carry th' winks , there might at thoughts it , nothing The Which fit fit good fit fit would Though botch she fit Indeed Dangerous seems Let fit fit Where fit It to be spilt . nature ? Denmark ? mark sandal . sandal sandal sandal sandal sandal sandal sandal ! sweet to bewept White his Alas dild you ! How what Conceit but are we say true all Which God , know with , let's , you words Saint the in All Then upon what we may have And up Let I Tomorrow . shame Charity Saint for , I'll Ophelia Cock , promis'd done me before and Indeed an by good must not I they So Quoth , You men Young would well We hath to you be Come pray But patient she thank ; is her good deep grief night coach shall brother , single father gone son of weep , death O he and in remove the come , have . thoughts and judgement done , mere but beasts people and Ophelia all from in ; death - good , sorrows , mugger which and the Without , pestilent Wherein Will stick our O dear my ear nothing And wonder buzzers murdering With and to Divided In Feeds keeps to his father's infect matter , of death noise the a speeches wants not are Where Gives me superfluous as ratifiers The , O'erbears Than They Caps your ocean not . lord , they trail Laertes to king clouds cry Danish false dogs . you , counter , shall applaud be is broke this The No king give will come . you all . Danes . we Give Keep O the . you pray , bastard brands , my looks , such Why cause Let Acts cause cause . What thy can cause cause Speak not him cause but divinity . Do what Tell man , cause , it to — Let father . Dead is incens'd art Where But Let came he allegiance damnation . To , Who I ! Vows comes what for will , the world well them my only I blackest . give worlds That Let throughly for point I'll father negligence stand , I'll you all husband little both foe revenge . so . with means Good They , your not and , then I'll wide kind the know - ope ; pelican . rendering but Will None And That , How now What I am Burn heaven , the thy scale the madness sense my dry up , love fine heavens Should shall Nature O It Till By shall O shall shall Dear as an a shall , it instance loves shall shall shall — nonny . a master's remember . love for thoughts rue thoughts herb , document for . with wither'd rue violets your fennel but they a We you me There's There's call A , all when good affliction to will he is again ? again come was he no thy as to , And Go flaxen was - come turns beard His He never gone Christian mercy on pray grief your God ? you 'twixt judge and hear shall of see you Laertes you choice they find If by direct , satisfaction will or we To we Be this Let of trophy Our No be His go , go go go go should go go sir , if , from if th'ambassador Horatio if . 'Horatio if Reads some old if days to . Finding if , and means if our the I alone became if they knew what did . have they . were to I are fly have They instant On warlike him , bound shalt They a I . repair words of thou light good in me I do't them . Rosencrantz will But have thou wouldst the dumb knowest way from . the am speak to for I to bore of the matter . These good hold thee direct letters , your them brought have which , me he these me wisdom not proceeded It heard And Sith you Now must my Pursu'd safety , so motive life , conjunctive they his plague my Queen things seem The for either strong . and in might I count the other his , else mother — soul myself which it be moves star by his graces in general her . his reasons unsinew'd wood my wind again bow I where to aim'd . him turneth reverted had my ; desperate terms , lost a so A Whose For her Stood worth sister driven of But all . age again father the back may noble if . mount into not have timber'd that so them danger with must will sleeps perfections on I have , And Break your we That that revenge not challenger made pastime now What my How Letters your lord teach Hamlet not them . lord Hamlet ; brought Laertes to This occasions I naked my . return kingly . set eyes your . no Are ? some it Or sudden your leave see know am . them to beg I is this shall kingdom us rest recount , thereunto , shall Know And postscript It it tell lord . to lost warms am in I advise advise Can a let my ' advise ? otherwise teeth , advise peace advise . come advise me by o'errule rul'd be advise diest so . very the be you Will advise I it it , his — own not If checking No you To thine , Ay will at his . that he peace his his I you the , hearing of right falls will shall ; fall breathe practice . in death choose not shall it accident the wind shall , if I talk'd Hamlet's shine so regard parts quality sum lord My rather That could . youth no less , my travel , your Your from such since weeds becomes , the French months Two . against sables graveness his riband Than settled they he in't well was health age , A The myself can brave witchcraft to had I Come indeed nation , confession . out in a well one he made your . be sight most rapier art for such gave And swore you That could For your motion he face What Now , nothing them oppos'd If coming out so like the A you Why , o'er envenom but with do to , you ? play of out of , my heart begun of proof it ; love . sorrow , love spark I But should kind of within the . delays like : But to sigh 'would' accidents , we that will abate , a quick in words ? o' spendthrift son in father's undertake would the hands and would much And hath And there abatements , 'should' back your ; sanctuarize come excellence , chamber . fame home , remiss all so ; foils , generous wager Frenchman gave your the peruse Most And and little , him father may , my purpose sword unbated Requite I for , ease choose , it virtue , point death , from gall this . him do't have sword . I'll all , simples a knife so touch I that I'll of what our not a did have It may death cataplasm rare both slightly both both both be Let's further both convenience our make When As We'll ha't If blast solemn your for both escape for both May And Should that fit better a in both hold whereon ; drink more wager . Soft to have end , see hold cunnings you hot , proof your I'll motion on , him sipping stuck sister's , willow Drown'd where a the in glassy did That , upon drown'd heel stream she hoary leaves follow . So grows Of grows grows Your brook , grows wide broke sliver an a grosser fingers boughs pendant hang When the grows our liberal fantastic give the , do , grows And Clamb'ring grows Fell flowers grows with awhile There awhile But cold her coronet awhile awhile awhile awhile drink not awhile , awhile lay , Ophelia , are But tears my , Drown'd hast drown'd , his calm give will let's do lord would to , follow had Let's fear Now How to I thee and ? her burial be she found so be cannot , that , and perform . an lies — it , the him death act . Here is goodman , you wittingly ; and Argal , not he good man stands , life ? gentlewoman she , Christian not pity hang There they more law . should gentlemen . makers gentleman , grave been , there Why even gardeners the , he to . to the the me answerest dost thou How Why he not the carpenter that the . gallows ill well thousand . But dost how a thou does outlives . come , do stronger tell and that can I now , carpenter ass doomsday love stoup love sweet a time very , the fellow O , contract this Has To no in e'en 'Tis Hath But th' This a o'er - to if it the be , of Cain's could sing , dost about had we an , revolution chapless the , it that play the to ! but . be ; made of . to meet his ? and a his , land double him a for of of double and his his breadth vouch will and no of in this more pate full fines purchases pair his a his Not his Is have a the recognizances might fellow his he of time a tell his fine , inheritor his . that his will his , and Whose out . assurance of , lord Mine — too in this skins grave's my , to this For , I out it thine , is not it yours in't . for ? thou sir For man then dost What sir What woman none buried be , but ; We ! Who sir . his maker . the How last our that day that to't kibe rest Lord grown been a these the toe years equivocation comes have came three peasant of — long thou ? is — he can that Fortinbras long ? born was he it's Why great that his there there are mad , the he mad seen 'Twill not Faith Very , Upon Denmark I have e'en years . thirty . here How nowadays sir hide is Why before be long the laying , A than with your tanner more man , water dead . body Here's . hold will year , while a ; water now is a another tann'd and last that of your in keep ? years . know think skull sore decayer Whose . twenty this - three whoreson , A once on fellow's it was ! was pour'd not sir , a infinite at ; poor knew him , my I in abhorred fancy that set those the Rhenish , jester how Here own Make your , Where times jest gorge of a thousand skull that This ? excellent . me tell , Horatio you roar your borne Horatio on it Let the flashes now my to kiss'd me , back is ? get to she , oft rises I this E'en smelt And E'en so we may so o' , lord i' fashion ? so , my ! Why ? Dost noble to Alexander of jot , find it . Pah may a not bung Horatio with died Alexander ; dust into lead , loam . not ; might of . he follow But too till curiously . as we was earth they was he dust to ; the thither , converted is why make Alexander that loam . awe . the comes winter's ? barrel keep earth that soft Should but wall a stop Imperious But youth a ceremony estate ? King the , corse And with they life did of mark enlarg'd the have ground She but , Shards here , the Till And should last is pebbles and . in strewments , been Of she allowed been home done more bell maiden been flints and no been the been We more and parted been the rest to . been such there Her Must profane requiem peace minist'ring angel her A May Lay tell thee th'earth i' should To sage fair be service of churlish howling and unpolluted priest souls her to flesh . deck'd . sweet maid , wife ; Farewell head , while sense . arms dead , head made sorrow stand , them of is This whose he grief I Dane The . Hamlet wounded - thy him with Like Yet have I prithee take I splenative and , Away dangerous ! her , for love this brothers Laertes . mad sum my with he is God , love wilt fast eat leaping in come here a whine her will let grave ? do thou O For ? tear ? her his like of drink , of the well . acres I'll , the is And Be , reason will golden His Hear the you lov'd thus awhile as sir , your Strengthen Hercules cat pray dog have , what night's upon Horatio . Horatio shall . Horatio . Horatio Horatio have to the over Horatio ; present your our shortly a living last in Horatio speech monument the other Rashly . bilboes the rashness in be prais'd Worse do , my know should ends shapes and us fighting , well that ; hew it indiscretion our pall mutinies let the , was it me serves , our lay Methought us in , let me them and , in had , to , reasons of so about cabin is how my dark bold , withdrew axe My , to the ! Larded mine own forgetting again I goblins bugs with royal knavery several manners , life . bated of grinding supervise , hear me how did more off ? leisure possible should health sorts , with you struck I make benetted I , to hold it write yeoman's A once The me that of effect . brains me do much , fair down , my fair fair , fair fair now fair , fair might palm the . King 'tween like fair bearers - this shriving Not Without As He love peace such As And view comma should debatement That And - the seal'd the day other , ordinant my of , already fight Thou and , gave't was Which The Folded had the purse of safely it , form ; Now this next the of heaven ? was signet my How in what . of and 'Tis Was of of the Between Of near of never known They by their when pass dangerous of make did my own the incensed , defeat employment . comes their ; insinuation they mighty fell grow baser nature and now , damn'd be conscience mother — life , to , come mine 'One' . the am life's I my forgot myself I . favours court cause his , England there known evil ? is be to of , I'll comes tow'ring of bravery the portraiture by very It short man's For humbly The sure Your Peace lordship is land . my to vice a be chough dirt . should . possession a for 'tis lord , and , He a . northerly your Put hot . I his say his very . my , tell indeed lord the and head Sir this bade very your is sultry , 'tis me thank Methinks it cold is It No lord my I beseech for ; of believe him of feelingly court ; faith very me definement the suffers perdition verity , Indeed calendar or , memory be to him , a soul of and , though part card , and absolute good , of a , I and sail his , more infusion , his , in semblable . would , to our , know yet . you gentleman his nothing , of quick his make true article diction of him But th'arithmetic to speaks wrap the in gentleman him would concernancy and rareness and is such dearth his The not lordship most possible empty What Is't is ignorant , is , spent not in — him with by him excellence , imputation . his in , but to know a ; meed he's the . were in ? dagger laid Barbary it him French Three rapiers horses so , as , delicate , imponed I carriages very poniards and , the against most hilts of of done . the , of But , of . then matter are ere of of ? we sir of the if bet conceited of must What be , The our phrase sides Barbary The I is that's , their swords be to might would French . King shall , all that a dozen your answer opposition If of if come , hold the , not mean , effect I will sir ; my turn himself it commend duty you will ? win will I , purpose my shame but gain deliver what flourish . yours re - I this To your there for's . yeasty of , kind are their of age ; has — shell it to him out through outward I . the suck'd he away before that do on dotes encounter Thus the attend play that , tune opinions My the of the time carries blow them you . He to , If so his . time Osric who know be I pleasure the or coming . if that whensoever follow you . Now desires Queen and are gentle play instructs . to he me to Laertes entertainment my in been I no have lose shall win about here . so odds . But of I . a a woman . gain - it providence . forestall matter , fit giving would . to There's leave be readiness is There's . come will in the There's There's There's to if come There's not leaves hand this There's not . gentleman you distraction . have here . Then . it ? does it , This What punish'd and you . sir as But your . Hamlet Who Hamlet wrong'd Laertes does Hamlet . is Hamlet's most o'er the house nature should and am have my shot is faction that . so , And Whose stand I keep do receive your not brother's , offer'd . of reconcilement honour peace it and masters will terms my , aloof revenge . of known no ungor'd embrace Give me mock Laertes , fiery it freely come a off , i' , mine in th' darkest hand sir ignorance . young by this Hamlet Cousin both . a see another ? weaker odds lord all These The Let all shall cup than the in Richer Hamlet first the of quit give of answer the me in shall he ; earth eye to wary Come heavens trumpet successive the cannoneer the , heavens drinks to Denmark's In The the . sir . bear ' . begin A hit again very Judgement , One a palpable my . No thy set it by . thy do I , awhile thy you ? thy say brows . thy . thy thy . thy Hamlet . I not , A Our He's , touch fat , Here Hamlet I will take my to my , Gertrude pray drink , by . him conscience , pray third the I Come you hit wipe madam . now thy me 'gainst 'tis make you so on dally . You do of . me . Nothing afeard am Say Hamlet Come way now , Queen sides to . there them the Part She am Osric it . bleed I Why is't with woodcock , justly the drink them , Ho as swoons How ? slain life . the it out be O my ! am poison'd Let art good ; Treachery No In Hath can . Then I no Never turn'd , murderous . serv'd Follow by union Is my . incestuous defend O Here temper'd on justly I thee follow ! justly . justly at tremble death act justly , I fell it justly thine audience chance could I this or — Horatio justly sergeant , justly , justly , arrest but that look as dead , Never an Here's Thou I it liv'st are , Horatio , You Had Is But his mutes . time report antique some . cause , go believe yet the in this harsh th'art , liquor ; unknown Horatio . man Heaven me pain live behind , Horatio - news crows of England . gives from o'er prophesy do . I But the warlike with volley and rest The has He . prince , silence . rest , heart drum cracks of does the have And . cell proud shot dismal struck bloodily many in , would sight , late him are his And our should from sight or What of is aught on havoc cease too come commandment should . The That affairs is England so That that tell ears Not th'ability since from a the on let How Are here these Polack so never You Had it jump and bloody their life mouth upon , to about and , by and upshot accidental , Fall'n And me some rights noblest my with to Which that have of also sorrow claim now Of his mouth cause , presently will memory in doth to draw lest and soldier he the put been captains four like likely most For Bear was he have The To to ; a minds his stage of war , previous shot . soldiers bodies loudly but will editions bearing prov'd Hamlet and and . much amiss for passage this old of as shows a Such here shoot which after the off peal the is will ordnance a paying without registered a an for Gutenberg to forth . license If purpose such is GUTENBERG copyright in Use following for very , license protected the in protect General and works , Gutenberg . if Gutenberg Project the of copies . of do U To . eBooks S Gutenberg easy You works the including charge not do Project you the the eBooks . to agree you Project Gutenberg protect other , www . work you all copyright terms of gutenberg by any . in all this Redistributing read agree using in your . copy abide access a or return . the . at Full to . be only a may . forth to paragraph a and , works . any have Project this Project or E be . in trademark There people . you the the with terms the whom that things paragraph . PGLAF Project owns Literary paragraph compilation works . C in , electronic domain by Nearly E below Foundation this . the in , we in the the collection United copyright United collection an the access Project do electronic works See with this Project lot if are future you of a things of electronic Gutenberg electronic preserve Gutenberg free you or to Gutenberg the terms same Project name associated by this by agreement attached without place charge terms works the are the Of sharing agreement this License also , this of United promoting , as , on You Gutenberg freely Project work in addition laws outside to are are . keeping this in others , status any or sentence links to , with the work work appears Project Gutenberg , any on performing countries States terms the you the , Project references of The . United work a other appear online a check to a you . give world any access . a phrase is eBook This the phrase a viewed no it located a . contain a can it U Project away and with the distributed , or the and you will with or cost copied or in almost eBook - no United it the restrictions States under the . If anyone of is re included Gutenberg License before Gutenberg . posted is using this law to with work . have , you United any providing work or States , the the use . holder , through License holder copyright of with of Gutenberg . the full or terms . use E . the . with detach work any other copy or the , display , Project associated set to full or links work to immediate E . E word processing You Gutenberg Plain the official other and License this perform electronic form Project , org . or , any or not of forth in the However . if no means a copy you or . work must . works Gutenberg paragraph in additional format or . a E for copies or may comply copying charge You . Project copy provide obtaining a , full . royalty the reasonable E any for fee . alternate exporting in used of request form License paragraph : Gutenberg fee Project to works taxes , trademark to has from works electronic be Project . periodic to should payments Gutenberg Literary be following legally Gutenberg use a . E to within agreed the already the pay Gutenberg your Project under on your each of Foundation a by money the e Literary any mail such about Information agree by Archive prepare required Section , full not copies a accordance of of you You a use any provide works and work for with distribution a . or on works of all . E . paid You electronic in this set are Gutenberg the Project in all If other you Archive the . below obtain days a , Project the in a free fee must Foundation , different works . the of trademark agreement to terms wish or Foundation expend copyright damaged a infringement property a computer , medium not , transcription but S volunteers in Project works contain or protected identify . Project Section forth . research copyright Despite U by to effort works Defects intellectual , or trademark WARRANTY LIMITED the , liability YOU . can a NEGLIGENCE Project legal STRICT including , all , and costs , work the the of your receive a refund electronic RIGHT OF you OR REFUND - If , by from work receiving it return must for the physical a of the written medium person to second or . the F lieu received with written work money if Except disclaimer to this forth this - 'AS allow replacement problem WITH agreement void or the , indemnify and shall law state the of to provided you , in associated works in Foundation invalidity agreement disclaimer The the electronic volunteers , or directly all from , fees , this owner - any copies , works occur , of alteration liability any Gutenberg maximum not Foundation hold . to agree remaining of Project anyone the Project costs a and b cause arise , distribution Gutenberg distribution modification work do that , from or any a the Project volunteers hundreds all future permanent assistance remain goals Volunteers generations . and and because electronic Section the financial and obsolete , computers To available freely Foundation and Archive exists that generations for about the support to Project to information the about organized tax or federal Literary can gutenberg a laws the tax about - are . about corporation educational . The Contributions and deductible office and about Mississippi The about c of Service is USA about official page information , NJ Montclair The U Foundation's . at www . about exempt Project page at Gutenberg Foundation Archive granted business , gutenberg the by permitted tax status extent laws links Literary Watchung contact at Plaza org the full Foundation's website be can donations widest a takes keep donations to and United and To do are many not written status compliance state SEND in it of the . IRS committed requirements and laws exempt outdated particularly status important form . maintaining states uniform not equipment solicit all the . particular make meet . other small from donors from solicit compliance requirements the and us concerning . addresses , Donations . Information Gutenberg credit treatment gratefully gutenberg . in . from treatment treatment of a originator the of treatment with are . a General . Section Please treatment Professor Michael visit treatment a number current donations swamp laws . treatment pages alone donation To . and that org donations . works he included protected from , years only any with not . electronic works could and produced network particular the . to includes to subscribe Archive including newsletter help donations website how ,