me Long ? the Stand and ? unfold . heart cold , 'Tis sick am twelve carefully . And now Well Horatio Stand them I Not had there . Who make Marcellus night good Barnardo Give liegemen Friends the . place O my Holla , Say Welcome farewell sight , twice dreaded have Touching us to watch He if may , not That Tush That I let not have him night our assail it , nights star night westward t'illume that's made Where course yond now Had Peace , break the Thou figure ; like a not speak King , with . beating bell The then Look ? spoke Horatio art like like and time warlike charge Horatio . wonder , speak . away is that would It that with offended ! Stay which march heaven of buried ? answer fantasy than on't not , How 'Tis ! Is my What , God think this Horatio and : angry an in once sledded frown'd He he was As very th'ambitious smote the I like not mine true . to , jump , 'Tis at by , Norway art thou . on thought So this and strange me he most scope and observant tell , the watch , of , such And cast mart the of land I know not ; dead hour knows , that . in sit So Does not , week sweaty the that Sunday shipwrights for daily the subject brazen whose implements cannon war Why the night can I can least , prick'd the this this Did Well , he Fortinbras with life of his by of ; in which most by appear'd ; inform me ? King , Hamlet heraldry by who , a ; combat Did Had he Was Against our moiety Fortinbras sir mettle unimproved . Hamlet to Of And His up That a fell Hath hath For the carriage of hot Norway in't state no of diet list of Now , King vanquisher Shark'd skirts enterprise I foresaid the of the full and other lands it , preparations land take hand rummage no it think this recover doth a compulsatory But may haste our And our other our that and - be sort watch this and question lost ; unto the in these like portentous e'en , us our , by the : watch of head . so but post Of Disasters As graves stood trains the in stars Did squeak the and Julius palmy trouble through it Well That with almost like precurse As even Upon sun of tenantless ere to most little and gibber sick Was And harbingers eclipse fates on omen heaven where any Speak sound thing to use me it any hast behold again me , of ease me may , and art to thou Extorted That , Speak privy thee do me . country's of womb the you uphoarded it Stay , Marcellus of Stop with , it will stand here not 'Tis 'Tis say if , 'Tis it offer To For is it We ? partisan my crew invulnerable , majestical violence . have guilty the thing air blows a the . to mockery , air warning throat , truth present or day ; in the hies sounding of made the the and fire and object crowing 'gainst Wherein And of cock stir ; night say wholesome nor dawning , hath power planets , time to , herein probation ever . that Saviour's birth is . comes the dare all The nights are , the and witch is advice . it mantle hill gracious our in loves for we , o'er No This you needful do't pray Break Unto , I shall , our shall Let we Do Let's Where we find and Hamlet The As , him this conveniently know morning I and . our be of , Laertes one , Lords , dear us befitted ; our nature . with , Fortinbras worth young our thanks . all surrender the Lost With in mirth Your Now his valiant and for Fortinbras rid : we , here have young , disjoint weak , this With you and our of know dear , writ , scarcely we that in , impotent , is His is To Norway and Cornelius to , You is To Thus is is To with For is good nephew's bearers ; these subject , lists full : and to personal allow commend we duty ? Laertes you duty . the than what's reason wouldst Denmark my suit Laertes That not instrumental to , and all things , it , us your shall Than And You in my though favour , came ; Denmark I to my Dread duty thou throne of have father heart asking ? beg the ? France , France toward your confess , again to gracious your , the Laertes return What says pardon done to coronation that wrung and I show whence leave and What is Your , duty , you leave wishes your lord give petition laboursome thy best spend And Take do seal'd I bend . Laertes Laertes Not , is How so lord , that Laertes little more Laertes the it my Hamlet not 'tis Good Laertes Seek And Laertes Ay common , ever Passing If be particular common . seems mother I , good , of suits windy Nor Seems , madam ! madam through nature to eternity it , it , cloak That with , I the , your father lost your to , term bound father passeth man These , of suspiration fruitful moods the , in of of indeed woe father in in as in impatient , course some . and to to mind in simple and and fault to in , we the Why to fault Take A condolement heart An To be unprevailing think you that and till We who , a ' , corse absurd to fault nature sense 'tis Fie first so , let less the father ; for of note our to and died , son : cried us earth son of , Hamlet . and our eye , love of nobility no in your his bears remain you ; grace accord a Denmark in my 'tis all , Why I as stay cousin bend you in And the courtier prayers go us lose and of ; and in pray . Denmark shall today , madam Madam and a in that to earthly resolve had would clouds Or Thaw , Sits smiling gentle unforc'd the health cannon speaking that self - too this canon That to fie 'tis of , O . and come to ! garden ! away again , a ! unprofitable uses ! That nay might too ; roughly not a dead to he ? Must As That So months it Oh to on't all rank should Heaven grown Frailty of appetite winds — excellent to loving beteem things satyr me the so so king a Visit Fie merely , it ; seed if ; With Like By what A remember her little which tears . followed or yet Why married — that , and it , A longer ; salt the Had She such is It Ere Than God O Would My . me left father's . brother . unrighteous . to galled most mourn'd . With the Hercules . nor , yet dexterity flushing in incestuous cannot for I And . myself , Horatio my lord ever . sir , even ; so lord — from in what glad to truant would not hear my I . what Indeed Thrift , it was to me to drink your you of your ? Elsinore . wedding bak'd . I — had met lord . upon funeral mother's hard . my see ! forth my that marriage follow'd it Horatio ever I furnish , I coldly father Or methinks Horatio my ? like again . my . yesternight his saw Who lord I Saw ? may while these to think upon father the for King King father ear witness marvel This love nights Marcellus Barnardo together the dead Two thus . solemn gentlemen hear . you middle of their , these let - cap : him they to not , in time , me did both the speak oppress'd and at In Within Stand lord , with to his truncheon's length with In thing they them the apparition The These My not Form And , made deliver'd I are But platform speak Did it none : yet ; true word hands , the where would speak watch . methought did head cock did once . true but , sirs I As And we But Indeed do did it writ ? you my ? lord me our , lord honour'd know think 'Tis Arm'd to head , We watch . my my ? my my foot my in red or my you fix'd , my And constantly . you up long hundred . amaz'd . longer , Longer It when moderate like might BARNARDO ? tell . it saw't seen watch His A sable was beard as 'twill I Perchance assume bid And I it hold be Let And you me speak If tenable conceal'd noble it If , to it Your I'll in sit spirit you my play foul all then to 'twixt So but shall else , as to : to men's rise were is All mine arms foul night your Though still soul would ! them are sleep not you assistant , benefit eyes o'erwhelm will give Farewell necessaries his blood a primy of more No bulk For and The thews nature you , waxes , fear you doth the of . soil will his subject he mind . no of The ; as , his so ? must his birth own , depends is his be to health must . his voice , it Ophelia heart , you The Fear lose your To keep with May Or too main his give , Virtue galls their the the 'scapes chaste . my prodigal to calumnious liquid most imminent . near else in of spring . moon strokes . good good safety buttons morn before And watchman as steep not like the Do Show As blastments in and are best rebels heart and own dalliance rede . father comes keep my But some A upon a a my grace . shame for , me here leave of . the Aboard for is shoulder There in Laertes O too long smiles thy you Look thou Those thou character few tried , sail , blessing with my thy . steel , tongue thoughts in . precepts thought no unfledg'd beware , thine censure , th'opposed unto Grapple Give man that Are oft in France of ; apparel in and generous best in : judgement thy few For above it Thou edge and friend not buy . man thee my , your and remember Ophelia , go , well . lord servants night be season leave tend . it key keep keep late keep keep you keep to . said of hath keep is behoves my of so of If And , of late made ! his my , hath He ? understand way audience to he me , been time not do you between caution as most put 'tis — yourself , so honour , Unsifted believe not do you of the more dearly phrase . think I Do Or may you hath fashion me with go to given to sterling not not you , it , And , Ay the all catch burns vows to My lord almost , than : heat fire it blazes his springes , these promise take scanter for . presence time ; From a in both making that tether Ophelia , this - soul , extinct daughter not their as , know the prodigal maiden the in Even You Giving more Be Than Believe Do And something so much given believe Not better mere that The to beguile talk words slander with ; come leisure show , all Hamlet ways . the lord cold an . of it , I a The ; lacks ? What this held his . wont lord to , my mean . it now twelve the Rhenish reels rouse his bray triumph his a ; down out ; pledge of draughts is't am other and the east takes , height indeed of in a is it I , the - breach born manner This honour'd to the in , and with , at are complexion guilty not in nature they o'ergrowth vicious pales , wherein birth their in As Oft by some manners his origin , reason much defect forts of , evil doubt , as The , own noble fault us ! undergo substance censure dram defend grace . and thee Be heaven a such to , hearsed ; charitable shape sepulchre but in , blasts from damn'd goblin , death ignorance and may the fools of our we , mean jaws shake ! in moon disposition What should reaches the to , the horridly Wherefore ? of , glimpses again corse saw in quietly why inurn'd this marble complete , do we away beyond thoughts you ? this some to night thus cast why Making thou , With , Say It if my follow no speak what my can at pin's . I not should immortal waves it if for then by , as . thing soul Being to the o'er assume draw Which might That there you puts of flood again do , my Why a me Or The looks What tempt Go That Without You shall follow . this body gentlemen . in , me . me lets imagination nerve petty As And the Unhand . I'll , to of . the 'tis By after Have me , go ? Speak . almost hour to Must Alas , me thy hearing . unfold tormenting come flames ghost I what To Speak , shall am to art bound , revenge I harrow up could Would And burnt Make thy ears and purg'd crimes day a for Like quills didst his Revenge foul and blood Murder this most foul , Murder ! strange that as . unnatural it swift revenge thoughts my meditation thou be thee ; wharf hear Hamlet on the apt ease that That As sweep , best the I with love , Denmark , beast that soul thy thou process did so , weed fat my my noble youth death whole . of ear father's sting Now The O wears of wit Hamlet O So witchcraft , prophetic with , won seeming - gifts , my Ay With That made to went seduce wicked of Though lewdness itself it virtue But Will methinks prey sate ! I a shape as , court . a lust To So The will me it I From whose a what , a scent of a soft let juice such the an in a My But me a garbage . morning orchard stole the on to though a be a That a sudden and distilment of hebenon ears did vial ; posset blood it vigour . body and milk , at by , my in crown , All with tetter crust : doth brother's my unanel'd to ! horrible , disappointed of ! sin , head most sent a vile of off on thee hast A to that matin worm - glow prick And Against Taint Let not howsoever mind . shows thorns her ; aught luxury and of , What Remember uneffectual his adieu adieu , And But for mother thy thou leave this her to her thy act , bosom lodge , be near once , seat . memory my all , trivial . while up table , stiffly sinews grow ! O , of host O distracted thou In this my couple you , from away books Within the O . villain baser matter and , My That . It , MARCELLUS and HORATIO . At one O . Unmix'd with most pernicious . So . Within Within is uncle . lord have , Hamlet Lord , ho boy ? come ! lord . lord wonderful is't , my , you'll reveal it . lord my , How But you No my , think once ? my , I my lord secret heart you'll HORATIO Not Why , right a an arrant dwelling . come this you ; lord Denmark all man of be , us without it , as lord knave the , There your fit hold needs To my , tell that These sorry faith you heartily poor , own desire shake circumstance point part ; here tell ghost too Patrick offend and — you is every business it but wild whirling , is as friends , vision me between us what know Saint O'ermaster't For Yes And by There's you your honest that this let now scholars to an . request ? Give desire you have . lord , faith We Never make HORATIO , not ? I , lord my , Nor , under thou stage , Indeed , Propose on Consent Art thou the , Never oath Swear that Swear . our my . Then hither Come et Hic And you ? my lord cellarage in . upon have again ? Beneath have seen shift to of by your ubique ground my , you heard sword . th'earth good is more Once night before strange are and strange earth . help myself , mercy meet , your it your — But , your shake if and to not to might' your . if , your . your need , 'There of Rest giving grace Or we giving we Or by know' or or 'We head - we do giving , phrase be : my all still , do giving May With And t'express shall giving what giving is time God , ever your willing And it , in go gentlemen you is to us Hamlet , pray . spite you friending I let's I Nay will lord these shall Give money it Reynaldo make , and ; my drift expense means what Enquire , will distant Reynaldo his knowledge come you him mark you do — him' thus And That in Ay you Than who , are where you Look of , he's you , and none him rank that take , there , my lord , marry forgeries ' Take ' As ' put so heed most slips . ' well very , may say 'not on well ; ' of , go fencing liberty . noted , he I ; mean ' ' known and usual , ' . him incontinency scandal another open but is not he you not That , the taints his ; liberty of so quaintly . of warrant th' on my , soil'd drift , do — this Wherefore , Marry a You my I , here's my , son working , sound crimes addition . lord this to ? leave I — did ? or ' , or country good Very , was . ' . ' , he say , rouse sale' of house : there tennis' a By thus of do former find directions now bias say , as , not have I and of reach carp this takes my you I his , And my lord , you well Good . yourself . lord him shall lord have Farewell . been lord now in Lord hat , he Pale Ungart'red And if upon as the of with head , a down I doublet his piteous in of love know horrors been comes , I , lord so knocking to As by falls other the for do and length such draw he said he held arm ? his — As would his thus it to the What wrist thus of fear ; my of all last He rais'd For He out being his As He And to end And Come violent property to , eyes go of ecstasy . This does afflict natures any will the Whose , with his head shoulder without went he doors find bended seek love , King , of hard . under I and denied you as but ; him heed did His his fear'd he . trifle command am heaven undertakings the have good letters passion given me But the to the age . might . sort younger in as proper ourselves for King we , than go kept common beyond him sorry cast which hide More grief I . wreck to it thee is Come This To is dear , use to did call I transformation his than Resembles hasty th'exterior need Of Welcome much have . cannot being little Some That I it since much so , rest to To much Whether th'understanding occasion pleasures you That th'understanding us our so your talk'd and by th'understanding your time to neighbour'd to as on , th'understanding To th'understanding As th'understanding the us two gentry much hath much aught remedy of not living you will please are awhile will and there he , gentlemen And For Thanks Rosencrantz Guildenstern , Put by the pleasures majesties us , command have power into entreaty And And you . Hamlet , and Guildenstern is . news my . return'd . good , liege my , mine brain so I King my gracious : else us'd it As I , no all sweet be news tells father's but our of to do Thyself and source and we our sent he of return , Voltemand , His preparation to into fair Most Upon nephew's , suppress appear'd ; arrests impotence he the desires found brother friends him sift Polack , first Say Highness To him old crowns overcome arms of Norway thousand those with ; and Highness , truly and out in never Highness obeys Highness Highness , Highness give this . down we'll this you more thank and for think your night upon further for dominions set , labour took feast Why Were nothing is majesty we'll well well ; business consider'd our your My should be , well home , at Most This day And since night the brief be will Madam I Your Your But farewell Your let him of this effect at all no use 'tis art that , Your swear I More call ; it but But Your I Mad is't What Your That we this effect defective the have and obedience , the , gather , comes — her given a find us say Or duty my Who in daughter , phrase this from Hath celestial I it , the phrase ill Hamlet the sun I awhile are be move fire will you hear her , it reckon Adieu not to is machine , love solicitings means ear time hath how Ophelia evermore Thine But , I , in obedience , my , whilst most O hath love given by above hath lady dear most When I As I prove it daughter my , faithful a tell what here - you that the love But . work and table sight to , star , then took thence into short fruits no a a — now by out mistress ? upon this prince lock the his then ' you think No And Thence to That And Which , sadness watch a into Fell Hath 'tis ' , that . otherwise find will , this is Take that Within this though the this from were Here hid circumstances daughter arras behind the You may Mark Be be be a assistant We . try will keep no not But And and encounter to , thereon , state her , Hamlet , the where poor good good Excellent well I lord ? good leave me give , a , me are , so honest good , honest good good , thousand , Honest ten in the if For sir not walk her sun How me gone at And I'll What again . first daughter conceive . th' may i' that by Friend you to youth , truly say he said I I my words my a , lord thick wit powerfully , of crab you and set grey have a thus most purging it Into madness be out grave out is A that often air the there , in't lack I have air which leave my will daughter that take my more part reason and and , willingly you , I I . be of life Fare These old . there fools , anything will life sir . my lord , My honoured God my Guildenstern Ah ? earth . children the - dear ! over are cap in live Then Rosencrantz Nor the that we not the ; grown she ; is deserved , honest Let hither ? at . that but near What Fortune , my , that Prison Denmark's a prison . one world she But have the is good sends , Then many are being ? prison . lord not We which there worst lord . one , is a wards good prison dungeons , bad mind for it . shadow . a so hold Truly shadows our . bodies to ROSENCRANTZ court th' We'll beggars' Shall and upon wait with of I will sort . for servants you an not and , such speak in , beaten . the I matter are thanks , you . For monarchs outstretch'd heroes my no nay Were you not sent Come halfpenny too even am I , we Come inclining your . kind of But friends my Is my am own me . which good Is To lord and King . me Is teach But the you must Is - charge Is , consonancy by withal preserved , Is love I the looks the , Queen is , and ; for sent your sent ? have have , not craft . proposer sent of , conjure youth , my , of could obligation the by , off eye Guildenstern be . an have King I wherefore . To , My we , secrecy your will why to the other this to roof is form of work , than , most exercises I tell , shall , my promontory reason admirable , woman neither of action of , in custom of have it is a , like how this sterile so , earth the in animals delights was laugh lord did lord you delight We them entertainment me' the way delights not and , Lenten ? 'Man man foil welcome shall humorous man use to , are his you tickle the or coted not shall — laugh whose . offer Majesty target . service , on you the are be you coming hither gratis make for't say , shall city . delight in they blank his shall peace the in ; lover part ; sere of the in — innovation reputation of means better such take wont they think their How chances it , I Do their most tyrannically of children afraid berattle aerie little in it , rusty are they pace now . say Will can 'em Who no should exclaim them make , they if , they longer no — their ; escoted wrong cuffs while There both was went a ? do them money , they not to holds it — the and for sides on controversy Is't been the they Do has unless the poet question possible Denmark twenty little find if forty . it carry lord for out . natural is apiece ducats at that strange is not , Ay ; my my him picture in give , with deceived lord appear than I tell . ceremony players Your hands come . Let . are mother yours is each comply wind you must southerly When . of out and a there - what west from , handsaw . a gentlemen , Mark they say an clouts hearer . in Rome — to me of players morning a to , prophesy twice to them child tell . you Monday . tell 'twas indeed it tell . lord Upon , world the my , on honour each too the writ law . comical - in Seneca , pastoral tragical came pastoral of historical and The . on which he — Still daughter more passing Why fair Aside my right my my had ? not well , old well and loved , by , that then Why lot you a know , I have my see since to am more , was glad face I young than . For voice fly your to , when my taste anything you like Masters . give the Pray me . all ladyship is ? quality e'en to't like French me falconers . me ! old me , my friend I in nearer God me of me heaven ring us me your passionate it , it no affectation , but scenes , speech heard , judgements well , play caviare not above me , What , once my lord I the once digested remember I . the , and matter general the in of called handsome Aeneas' of : tale so , the , rugged especially loved where author to me see , and thereabout in it he he he — resemble he Head black did . couched more he the ominous wrath gore , damned parching , Roasted carbuncles like thus murders tyrannous impasted a he o'ersized with , the , a , fathers of with gules . Priam proceed , finds , well too Repugnant to at . His hellish coagulate Old To 'Fore Striking my father to Rebellious to Priam Th'unnerved But Seeming And neutral a Stoops falls and lies . stick stood rack . tyrant . was , painted Did often heavens speechless region , so and his prisoner nothing to his Of nothing Pyrrhus' ear Priam on , the forg'd on nothing thou Now , Priam power nothing take away than the did remorse ; after nothing fellies down and , strumpet all bowl nothing In , Break general the the Out nothing to hill ; the as With less never Pyrrhus' , As low round bleeding sword ! Fortune falls This is with of . fiends wheel her , heaven , head robe that the flames upon , down . bisson barefoot That's queen' . Hecuba , or steep'd . pronounc'd have threat'ning up late About A Run and rheum lank and would in diadem the stood for caught — and all in up , and tears . all she eyes the in the Pyrrhus make limbs , Good let soon this brief them . time you have ? Do live them use , after their . of bad . to his honour and every bounty according while better the , no rest than chronicles epitaph man Take tomorrow . them . The in play The ? of play lord my a Murder speech and a insert in't which old me dozen or , hear Follow well that my thou Ay I friends and lord sixteen We'll Very To Guildenstern good to Elsinore . leave him , of some not you you Ay , a not But Is O in wi' God so what forms his his in fiction monstrous my Good . You are Could , With broken Tears all am ! all ; for passion tears , all all all , indeed . rascal unpregnant . all John very dull - Like all defeat Upon And have He , of faculties Confound and can damn'd property dreams the the the he And That the with general motive Had guilty ear the the , my a ? be th' i' lie Who me it , or lack this cannot gall it region - oppression make as the offal the take , the me for and kites throat bitter pigeon I to off Who whose and nose 'Swounds A Plucks me ! am , villain me an son , Bloody , is brave dear treacherous vengeance Foh a unpack and most this ! murder'd hell This ! villain , slave's am what Remorseless With Must And With For Have by creatures ! have a soul cunning have proclaim'd to sitting organ so the murder the the Been a pleasing miraculous the Before know the to the I'll the . observe my the will . tongue his but seen , speak these have I'll murder no the father If like course . hath looks have melancholy perhaps grounds the . thing conscience this potent and , power the yea , spirits devil my with . catch More Get Grating what so from from does why no be keeps madness no days on And With and will by quiet , distracted lunacy all harshly a confession . means some ? demands ? our reply but Did he his assay so the on did it there - To , of they are about we pastime out . Of of players in , of forcing with of question of to certain these kind told raught much before ; him . doth see most already order me content delights . further too these a on give , gentlemen And For Sweet Gertrude have he Her bestow of thus shall , judge frankly he his . as , wish virtues accident Hamlet , here espials unseen cause happy the hope no behav'd love for . I wonted it please . wish your way again , book this on . colour sugar devotion's himself action are that we devil O speech Aside . much And 'Tis loneliness with ! my lord withdraw ! suffer end die of sleep the is mind of in , helps word painted and to — perchance No , The ; to Or be And arms ache wish'd ay dreams to life the law's man's proud so long coil the natural . come , shocks , and of office love , the spurns bear death , after under bare Must wrong insolence and that Than And , the not ills will might of ? Who sweat he the undiscover'd traveller No Thus might hue of might , might orisons you pale cowards enterprises might Ophelia The the this make we their might of with sins day many lord for And And name of those does rather bear we ? a , well . action pith and of the , this Nymph . now thy awry moment ! all With How lord No them , aught I longed does lord things ; right sweet compos'd , lost , breath rich more you never so you know . givers . did fair Are lord ? you you ? your Are ? mind the lord prove discourse ha admit no ? of power bawd a ; for his what Ay it into , truly is to beauty my lord the , my of the I was have lord me I believe so cannot me virtue loved not old translate but you you honesty force made so . our sinners breeder deceived ? beauty love , them beck very accuse at borne to all should such , ambitious , thee . in thoughts it put in not do of father , imagination with Where's more but wouldst thou be offences . yet . house lord . us Go , than I could nunnery indifferent were them revengeful to that honest mother ; may thou escape calumny Be thy . Farewell , believe nunnery be O , as I'll him you give farewell , go what wilt of Farewell . marry make . you needs God hath , monsters , make . restore too paintings yourselves I'll more nickname no heavenly powers quickly : enough for To . a o'erthrown ! him given one you you amble your jig hath your already , you , sword , wretched down , mind , harsh , say I mind but , vows quite the that keep as they are nunnery mind state is scholar's of of The The courtier's mind Th'expectancy and fashion observers deject and tune of and all mind honey of and most his out sovereign mind feature . do , His madness doubt the lack'd form a , quick demand shall some be Will Thus O'er I I like it on with neglected our danger his have which : down the his settled Whereon This With the sits and for expel think you him heart thus on't of , said after as , puts do commencement do The Sprung It From from origin of fashion something brains himself love what How But . us , Hamlet please believe , him . entreat round unwatch'd . alone If . let mother it hold show I'll his all pray you , if crier spoke lines all may , thus as and that I , speech it town hand , tongue But your may capable fellow pated periwig but . you for inexplicable O of to pronounced as , I many , had , who tutor . special . me to be nature whose of with anything the nature to at for up both ; your , mirror overdone , or to word the but action overdone her grieve body to and Be tame to , the time is playing , neither the not word the image in highly that , which pressure the and too observance Suit seen profanely have thought , play tardy o'erweigh have , themselves have , than laugh . considered to have set meantime That's villainous on And is in uses that have let For barren have laugh them of spectators to will then ambition play the most ready . have pitiful be of . presently ? and piece make shows of play . Go and quantity . those some now players make hasten the King How the the you ROSENCRANTZ We and help to your , two Will ho will What them service a . lord , sweet Horatio thou art at . I dear from thee ; withal just hear , knee the should , may . thy good absurd thou Dost but think hast candied of hinges tongue ? the soul men herself that co for . a judgement and with for , mistress distinguish all Fortune's thanks not passion's blood man that equal . buffets , in , one That my my could are do is scene is Whose A Since they what not a have I I One told thee see'st If . uncle mine of guilt , comes tonight play core it when itself very imaginations the thou , Even after will both damned not a And stithy rivet his of to play . our him his face note seen , soul thy his in eyes . is Do Well detecting coming to aught play . I . Polonius be place Queen idle Ophelia is will this . my judgements I so air the . you are not play'd words these feed dish Hamlet of To . mine , lord th'university my , I What did That No I , How faith ; nor - this now Caesar was Julius part a calf . killed was and me , was brute enact did . so ? here's King good , my Come , they Hamlet in ; players , the mean metal . that mark more lord No I do No shall I To thought I That's Ay , What merry Who You think cheerfully my looks my lord months , died I'll a ? be merry lord should and black for . within's father a , wear Then But a half life or ! unto in He takes he O ? year else forgotten outlive then churches build - Queen his , hobby great then . lady , die O heavens must he there's sables hope with man's a King a hobby Queen 'For is poison dead carried loth seems three , it makes leaves . neck some Poisoner Queen , with with gifts means this What my , this the mallecho means is and The end Marry Belike shall by show is , this imports love body accepts ; meant they'll . means you show , cannot all us you tell what Be ring ? naught naught you'll that show any or , For are naught naught your tragedy our , for your prologue naught a , woman's dozen thirty And naught About salt naught a 'Tis As hath Tellus' moon again and with sheen ground orbed . round moons have world the For women's aught fear my . neither In distrust I Discomfort love made quantity know hands did bands and sun the and , count is from love great Where And my That Faith as Where little I is , littlest though me lord , I it . fear love functions thee fears , My confound husband rest treason , in be me shalt this needs , And , must live in fair do grows great grow , thou Honour'd , shalt operant , haply , my first . love : forget is . on the what unshaken fruit birth What to ending The own ; lose destroy slender the themselves nor Grief This To is lead man great For Where Most ourselves ourselves , joy for loves our The That aye Whether For who who aye in not And aye 'tis aye a down question aye aye Directly orderly to wilt give thy are our Our earth and So Nor Sport thoughts think Each anchor's To ours thoughts prison lock desperation If Both here I turn food ends their from that , Ophelia pursue ever wife . now be me . dull would what Meet opposite To . spirits The rock . deeply grow tedious day with thy leave here sleep . play word her there keep , The no , much this i' no ; is the offence play , wife Baptista : a world ? of o' Let name it touches . th' . in't no in play . the free a . do the wince piece of are nephew good ; you are one , love chorus , between interpret I It would you your mistake and — Begin croaking murderer better drugs , worse off edge take and keen cost are begin black With mixture ban Thou Thy wholesome and ; time . gets Italian . wife shall Gonzago Gonzago's His immediately . The anon how name's , the Hecate's He life usurp dire for's th'garden What Give o'er the . fire . King You choice very in written the lights , me runs a , with players sir razed my rest of ? cry of away forest a and fellowship Half the So must , deer Why sir . with me a turn some watch hart The not For in two Provincial , A realm , have a for thousand , one whole know very , This dismantled dear here reigns You of take very the not music some king he Come the my note him . Come I , ha Ah belike word whole a me a history — Come , the recorders , him distempered with sir of , plunge the him this perhaps . pronounce I your wildly discourse of . you from him to itself more richer to some , am tame , the I do my it If mother's end . your of , spirit sir , is business , wit's . lord ? rather mother the matter answer wholesome no you ; commandment , not , my . answer and wholesome return Sir , you , say — my , say , struck as sir . admiration her you , admiration stonish that the so behaviour you and love did times , you by of distemper ? the . sequel me you bar . for surely himself voice the . to King you I , your still do lord door can How your , Good Ay recover , succession Denmark when you if see . sir but , not lord I if the O the recorders my be that I me , you . cannot beseech do no , duty play upon pipe ? the have discourse most . me I are these utterance top the though will I , play cannot fret a it music my any mouth , music now there God me with , played on ; you ; you you you , Call 'Sblood what bless speak you you ? that's of and do , in a weasel sir almost . upon me shape , you would yonder the cloud , like whale and a like is a 'tis indeed a like . my mother Very like a by to come I will by I bent by this to heart Would Contagion look on not Nero cruel , not mother blood , ever friends hot , day consent my . firm , none , use . hypocrites unnatural give How will his not my words in like I it dispatch , you Therefore madness of our shall doth . grow endure may We keep upon 'noyance weal peculiar religious and many so to England along estate as near his provide it safe . majesty doth massy wheel draw mind bound Majesty depend and more , of rest it things , general Never consequence alone , lesser mount . groan voyage . footed , speedy . petty with ruin ; the Each small , Did Attends you pray I Arm , ROSENCRANTZ goes too fetters put haste Which now Behind the lord will We said . that Since speech 'Tis nature makes . you go to to curse Pray ! is , A as defeats what what The of meet what I what guilt murder brother's stand like stronger Though what the offence Thanks , what rank be inclination My O , my , sweet brother's this ? but the ere being serve My my turn to To And My Or pardon'd be as rain than . thicker Were Is what's is be ? But forestalled past for mine . Forgive me my come twofold offence Whereto we O am foul Forgive I'll Then prayer in Forgive those cannot which , May Forgive Can In one own Forgive ; crown effects That be Forgive Of And the Offence's is in . bosom O ! state nature , But . hand may wicked not the of repent What action prize ourselves one lies compell'd What struggling , praying is is son my father That so babe now , Make assay : of . thought broad circumstance his heavy But He his in how all crimes took heaven To take sword audit Up When he is 'Tis With fit him To season'd ? hent , some of no his damn'd in't : black . No reveng'd at heaven , stays act and will Tell his pranks straight my remain advances King , my hath with him bear him . between stood broad lay my to with me , have my and screen'd too you Grace my , him hear , I'll my . offended . offended much Fear what's father , you question Come matter forgot ? me now wife not are brother's . mother I'll are You sit till , You and see your you you of a can your you to so you were , No And it your the the by , Nay your those inmost you , part set the , help your I you not go then , your set down ? Come Behind . O I done slain for Dead How me I , ducat rat ? ho What ? Is thou know the marry a . bloody kill as rash with , King it a deed not mother good 'twas rash better busy Peace , is some danger you down , kill , braz'd sense modesty , against it stuff penetrable so ? thou In grace noise That If If damned proof have be wring of your your made not me and fair a body blister as As sets The so love deed rose the marriage Makes off takes . of , rude blurs , and compound . act sick , the this presentment picture , and ? makes two on and on this herald hill command : Mercury , indeed kissing seated me visage solidity against - as at counterfeit like combination the of Jove himself , what ear , this a man seal brow , his form of Look you assurance mountain Have follows eyes now like . at what Sense sure you sense that , for Ha you a your feed ! have blind , you not of - sight sans blush sense , a . feeling serve That Ears Or so canst mope And melt youth let ardour itself frost reason compulsive To without the in O fire doth burn charge as matron's shame of one without feeling smelling is , hell part mutine flaming sickly or eyes true wax , shame Proclaim , no , love ears the ; kings vice part A villain Hamlet mine bed , tithe his empire shelf And A slave A murderer not in put a cutpurse A me heavenly Alas not That time , he's tardy passion This visitation sits mother thy O look Do not to Conceit Do How but Is whet between and on soul . blunted purpose to it in weakest Alas with That you the your , and Start Your is your your your bend do your hold on is't your , your whom your Will ; Do To you do ; yet ? convert upon stones glares , not I perchance blood ? do to for nothing colour true see you this is the he away brain bodiless goes in there nothing did makes And I My I have as This very pulse healthful gambol not will It but , Confess . rank your Lay That not do Repent And corruption trespass , unction to your soul . speaks , my but yourself place to is on compost all the times virtue , heaven to avoid of not purer who if the the with angel is yet , a . throw Hamlet away live night evil the gives all of in good heart to beg . do him twain , The is almost the To And That Of Assume to He that put virtue O And That habits likewise , use use Good And And I'll beg you Once lend on a . kind wondrous must bad , to So and more begins , worse , and , heaven For hath bestow I What , I . bid to you ? good again kind only , him cruel , their repent do I punish The I That death gave . Thus Not the in neck a cheek , on him you For who , your all am queen , your this Pinch let to 'Twere , hide , the on basket birds Unpeg the in concernings your basket famous the like would so , let out damn'd in him , breath to no know you life I Alack , breathe that . on they must so . had , to me . of thou said my and I to petard will Let mines most directly , 't enginer ; go crafts and below packing neighbour me moon the one man guts shall into knave and toward a set , in , night draw secret foolish , good life And When blow I But . line Indeed room counsellor grave most in translate ? understand profound them Is now most sir ; 'tis sighs These your fit How , lord have does ? You my a while his stir , fit , Hamlet when I what , good What Behind his out Mad , cries hearing tonight the , brainish us you Alas His so with , whose . haunt . been everyone and so what , restrain'd , short kept not . yourself of It To The unseen . apprehension to of be much full shall man it like of be to laid O heavy deed of ! threats But owner To To of of whom Among draw his the of on Even a life very mineral He weeps metals what ore kill'd , touch vile deed skill this mountains ! base hath done is . and majesty , you , Polonius our fair hath hence sooner , all . the ship must , go closet haste friends . bring . done level , Whose . Come And And . let away name , to world's , call what , our . GUILDENSTERN ! Within . shot miss come dismay and , What Tell it with dust it Do 'tis , whereto come it take with lord my , be of . believe it . not own . my , up the the King's King corner of have , gleaned jaw service sponge you ; the end , is lord , king his first rewards , he . but a . best for what replication a the what Take you me officers , he do , my it his again mouthed : us after . the foolish , lord . the with fox lord the find judgement is their on loose ! A strong this that seek have I How Bring Yet like in offence . To th'offender's put of their scourge must pause sudden 'tis not must not we sending him away desperate all Diseases smooth ; pleasure guarded know us Bring , him . What ? dead now How Where But Bring Ho At . worm eaten and is . else is Where ? ourselves emperor for , we alas eat hath that to beggar him e'en all king may where he variable one fat . lean creatures worms politic are fat maggots dishes for eat ? the and king worm a ! a not the not him there him find progress through thine there , go your If Go till Attendants will seek safety thyself dearly especial come , prepare everything the Therefore done , He Hamlet , bent help . is Ay see a sees them So him not ; I'll him wife ; for . wife England is one man — at make done tonight speed aboard ; man haste . Pray Tempt man man and . man aught sense red , man man set not imports process us cicatrice looks raw and free , awe rages , mayst thy ; were Till I a me from him Tell kingdom . conveyance by ne'er begun ; eye with in so on . do't You him sir They whose our let And shall sir , it . not or be Norway ducats five Nor rate yield to it five no a , to hath A the it then , Why Yes against some frontier for it go Truly is and Two is Will Why That This man . I of twenty the not thousand the , sir . man more no , time a me little before not discourse , reason gave such and of his and . do my chief and made unus'd godlike and , oblivion with ? market . revenge dull good occasions and Now , coward as such , earth mass of Examples . and parts hath but craven large one do exhort and , and , and us , capability That say us three and army what eggshell and and prince , danger say not fortune stir to by Makes say Led Sith Why say say Witness do't cause say To When To hide slain for The And to Whereon of father at But Is for an Even let all sleep a , bloody be is graves That Go will is not , forth plot be from , importunate She world at but Yet hearers words collection use straws Which Indeed 'Twere Dangerous she were make the and they it speaks , sense half of th' to sick yet unhappily ill much and , there , breeding is amiss nature minds , them , strew . may . be sin's How cockle his full seems , in itself of prologue as some great Denmark mark imports . of . grass gone , lady , and and He heels gone stone a but Ophelia , Say Pray head At his as mountain , look shroud my snow . flowers go pretty do to the all a . baker's . was lord ? her , may let's words upon we be of we no , you what you say is in To he rose All maid your the Then in Ophelia ! departed And I Tomorrow means , a an Charity I'll by shame , maid end ; me fie to blame yonder come Saint Cock Quoth Alack , and an Never By if do't and without Indeed Young all think they be well I will So , hadst An she promis'd By ha' We lay be she hath not . good close is Follow her give so thou th' . thus good ; good ground patient for , ladies ; single ; and your gone come her of deep watch it Gertrude ; spies O come , and the thoughts most he and in and inter and are in is Without Last For Of , brother wonder and Divided on And pestilent not Her Thick With ear Will secret wants nothing piece murdering secret me stick of our noise secret secret Alack Gives ? is the secret this death , of his secret O my superfluous a person to , guard more The Save are ? haste , lord to but were The in his not of we . a impetuous , king , word this the king applaud , The O'erbears , cry Caps ratifiers ! Where , thou king leave . you come me ; me good . Laertes Keep We door . me my , will Let What Of to blood father Give drop Calmly , proclaims bastard brow . father the true the . doth to — of treason That go , Gertrude Let man my is . incens'd his That him such can divinity , would , like - person a fear Tell hedge me , Dead ? be with pit ! fill the devil , blackest , well , so be reveng'd stand his None , your That To you desire Good , And Like good kind wide know the good guiltless to As Let her . it , death gentleman your true 'pear ? noise in salt times . as level sensibly am That child , How scale Dear Till O , is't virtue . old an mortal instance precious , love , where loves sister on bier the as sister possible in some non They bore , sister my nonny it nonny . many well , sister and kind beam the as sister sister heavens O Nature sister fine is Hadst It is ; remembrance more , than and ; for fitted thoughts love . here's must O . would They say give you you some . itself . There's father . my joy made you he died and to come come is again death - snow , again bed his away we is never gone He God , must Christian your me deny all And you They Or of Do this O we jointly To give satisfaction in you we content , crown find Make of judge you , burial o'er ostentation to . hatchment nor nor 'twere , Let of , be to rite , obscure from as noble are say . you for in come them they where th'offence that sir . be not if what they the Lord know him too sir from have God please him , Horatio Let . bless letter ; you name this if . be your . these were compelled us instant on to fly . became they haste thou they put . got . him prisoner what the ; of a sea at ship mercy make matter much thee yet warlike give we have am they dealt have gave much : brought you from that your direct them these way you I must speedier give will To Now do't , am them And hold good will fellows their course for tell acquittance in hath heard put Sith must he So by safety and so capital stirr'd , But your , appears You your not which me As Pursu'd well his me to , mainly you It Why My as star by to Which But Lives She's , I That Is could not love great a but public all dipping the by her I wood their bear , stone a again desperate bow , aim'd to reverted slightly the timber'd graces his to his Would And sister , But sleeps your for praises mount the again , arrows , loud my had I for so have not challenger that so I your shortly shook must not think , ourself to How hope ? we shall flat . let father , now news from to You . imagine Hamlet Queen You You . them You ? you love You , that You my , me . you , Laertes , Letters From . Reads given Of lord kingdom , 'High first What your beg thereunto strange Are more your he Hamlet's postscript in a Can you here Know abuse But heart ? back come says hand character ? no mean this Or some It shall 'Thus my . lord him . be diest , I So will you If I That live As it it be rul'd to my be How by ; should Ay you how Will To As Under for be the it ; travel , a for . say Wherein And that they together not pluck since your envy , and the that . lord riband youth cap in Yet A Than too very What , that the , and for , you hearing unworthiest shine youth weeds months , the French , since , siege , his demi and . wondrous and my , becomes it this gallant — topp'd my natur'd seat his he shapes short of what he was't So did ? A my life Norman So horse of incorps'd He such he grew So tricks . far So , and forgery beast So So He masterly report the confession a rapier 'twould The nor their nation indeed He you your scrimers , most exercise you made gave He art had envenom Sir but motion . Did swore He one If match out . neither He cried For them nothing of , so with , He ? wish to out could he Or Laertes Your He That Not this your was out Now sudden you What abate flame that goodness will like a fire passages in very did love of it , would 'would' we this it of snuff much would , And his And Time of that I think know , or is see qualifies wick within is begun of the , proof love , in : chamber bounds throat show by hurts To have indeed Hamlet there As are to easing yourself shall those shall i' son church , remiss , all He . free little the peruse not And wager Or Will Most sword and And that bought for that So unbated I a mortal purpose a , so you in , practice . unction your for will do't father of it from touch , It think of this , bad through . time this project performance him my virtue in point no cataplasm . Therefore If of means and should that , wager proof . motion or 'Twere did your more ; escape sweet Queen may chance now , whereon there A And heel prepar'd end and , venom'd ? drown'd sister's another's , him but doth Drown'd . tread hold , by he they That liberal , with There crow - shows pendant do dead a name stream glassy , call weeds , give , brook she and sliver trophies give shepherds maids cold our in mermaid weeping give give her tunes , up spread herself broke them , coronet her the Clamb'ring give give that garments death , give Pull'd To Fell like heavy their drink be not ? drown'd gone yet , and long her lord blaze , Ophelia ; let's Therefore have Let It much Now wilfully seeks her make burial crowner when , burial salvation finds , and and therefore her her hath is , defence ? three hath and to in to to herself , be can myself It . be offendendo wittingly act it , but lies to . man this water . the But ; you hear , himself water goodman delver the man and of will stands it come that his life not , drown nill lies and . act wittingly drown is he if him death law she , not quest should have that . him . no had burial great more ancient Christian hang is crowner's out buried , was this say'st have , Ay ha' Will there countenance Why you grave - he gentleman . my and . ditchers Christian even , in thou to drown or that they up : a that Was heathen Go builds to or stronger that answerest Could he dost arms that bore ? the that , that frame the thyself either . to the purpose ? that how But to , mason shipwright , or . does To't . mason , Ay builds To't cannot I tell it , about Cudgel Mass not his ass will . liquor , Marry are till love . are he at business - feeling are this contract In fellow grave his there are did youth O no methought , are , are him time it e'en of making a with his hath 'Tis ; hand But And As had to o'er ! murder Or might could say such to might lord God politician a of would - This , in , the when my courtier it trick see't Did sexton's so at : these bones spade my and a with ' might he lord dost not How ! lord sweet , it about the to . my horse , O mazard to e'en quiddits There's For , For and a shrouding is clay be skull lawyer his , about a and the of action of double and , of dirt , his ? be his the of recovery ? his his in's the of lie recoveries Why with . he statutes recoveries to . not Is of box Not more scarcely box have jot my , more , box fines of pair his fine of fine box , inheritor , in sir I box himself than . box will box . for for guest , sir , of meet to - lord and sheep , think out in't , sir and therefore it ; thou thine it yours . is not in't made . to ? from . yet lie say not lie , on't be the 't do I part a to buried . soul , have . neither her the three toe his maker picked so Lord ! is Who that One How undo us . By is the long tell the — by these speak , of you tell , Hamlet courtier i' the all been , I to't came last our was sent he mad as it's , he mad ? he there wits . if or ; and It . into England mad he — no seen there Very , Faith ground e'en in Upon his losing they wits with what here ere I have and . a before A year , hide Why he is great or , water is a skull your so tann'd last he will many rot die in you as — will keep it you . know it for same This , three Here's sir his and was Whose it . Whose - a mad sir . that jest was mad whoreson , thousand gorge a your know I kiss'd one now to how flashes Not is ! back of a me This ? skull it ? get , your roar Dost this to think Alexander What's come my E'en that chamber My , lady's ? my she looked this fashion my Horatio base what And o' so th'earth ! lord , too to follow to him Alexander . it Why stopping But the whereto returneth not lead that dust Horatio may not . trace hole imagination enough was earth not we ? flaw . winter's . King ? barrel the he dust - and beer a which ! earth , in converted ; of awe the , earth of loam ; into was wind kept keep aside Caesar and ; Mourners soft that Might The And aside own such . mark with did ; aside aside following aside , King the aside and awhile of hand . her , on virgin the burial , home bell allowed her should be Yet Till Shards flints there should To peace As And We Her is , strewments she maiden and no done service be No the be the Must profane requiem and her - parted of . dead Hamlet's been the the minist'ring tell hop'd thou my . Farewell wife ; to liest angel thee I to - And Depriv'd . Sweets . sense have the earth while and quick the once wicked ten Till Fall O most more in mine arms , ingenious cursed head Hold off . of have her skyish or a upon blue he emphasis the This hearers ? is I sorrow stand of , rash dangerous thy hand ! soul ! be ! lord him no my Gentlemen theme ? quantity thousand ; with sum Ophelia of love Laertes What mad their , will will my Until Why up Woul't weep To thou come here whine . will ? God , wilt , tear God for do thou God woul't show of thou'lt ? a with God And Millions God God I'll do't outface buried God When I'll Ossa if quick prate a , that And like of is will ; use is what , mew , it , that silence His What will and cat you will no , matter ? him . me may his day Horatio dog grave put your matter , set quiet be over last to have shortly hour Till Strengthen We'll much You do remember there heart my in , let . lay ; Rashly know , teach , well us . us — sleep lord fighting kind , Remember was it sometime rashness mutinies would the my Now . Our deep Worse prais'd from that should . will , us of bilboes and shapes ; let Methought , ends that Up a hew them - Their Oh Larded Importing That My the on - the No beseech thou commission Here's such ! With ho wilt should me hear you it round But Being could make new play a with fair , know Wilt I wear garland great these of wheaten the his King contents of faithful England love - put allow'd , was was seal'd in heaven ? ordinant , 'as'es know more or charge their 'tween comma , further the view and , sudden . writ gave't , and Guildenstern know'st already . th'impression in model the Why father's what Now the ; Rosencrantz : that this even had I the Folded Which my was , in up known sea - Thou they are 'Tis pass mighty , is . grow to conscience own their by , king ! nature stand and whor'd now mother , life , me my for angle in out such , cozenage his th'election defeat comes points incensed , this , thee king And ? evil ? our is't perfect not conscience hopes my , come nature from ; England than more . to known shortly The , say Horatio good my , know Dost . No 'tis be ; but his waterfly . and . bonnet impart should your to Put . I leisure his lordship to use Sweet I believe , your cold lordship , the spirit . the head . is , my complexion wind , 'tis very hot northerly is his , lord lord is is indifferent It , 'tis my cold sultry you for ; Laertes , on ; it , faith ; of , him him very he you to come , find court good in , yaw Sir divide him to I the suffers to of his quick perdition him take and in shall believe mine soft is dizzy definement of excellent speak respect , would more . verity , of calendar or , of th'arithmetic in of no rareness mirror and I , is Your Is't possible The , understand in another tongue ? breath do of ? are golden all's already is empty Of him , sir . imports sir , the Of . words it — would in Laertes were well I , by . know with Rapier to in but ; that weapon man What's he's meed weapon unfellowed is compare laid the and rapiers of him his ? the poniards most it six Barbary well . dagger his sir imponed , in very to I fancy , and so French the had But three . we then assigns their could carriages done carry . and on ? cannon you . ere the hangers till Danish call against the are , to liberal shall mean come , will walk my laid this carriages against horses six French on your dozen in He hath no ? person if , is gentleman the Majesty please his it How immediate of the and lord answer , I the me with hold Shall I my duty yours . to your ? and deliver but his King here in after ; lordship . your , the the shell has age . it drossy Thus on himself . only are the , and the dotes head tongues trial a on , know ; encounter to and of them but to they that Now . their to provided whensoever pleasure know who brings if through most his be . longer time King's or are , the will , He you attend his , My pleasure to now hold him lord play is down now to use now all Queen Queen , now play . fall time now entertainment now . ill , wager odds . I lord my into he heart foolery . do think practice shall win here If ; my . of . my trouble lord kind - a what , it I it obey perhaps but and 'tis now what yet will be from me ; you , to not , This That I your awake might knows Hamlet am What , I wrong'd from himself Laertes ? Never and done proclaim needs sore , Hamlet when nature , you I have have heard done gentleman wrong honour denies If't , away was sir as it , in His be wrong'd so , it Laertes here does And ? does Hamlet faction poor this audience most your in from the that not himself not Sir Let His from disclaiming Free does from To I Till I aloof , But love from ungor'd of known from time that till like from it wrong embrace will a have . hurt my in case this elder and not foils for on — peace honour precedent voice this Give Come , the Laertes th' , weaker you therefore seen wager Osric , off indeed Cousin . heavy . upon table my . This This . ordnance ; length all have a , second their battlements the me quit Ay , of wine of answer stoups hit the Hamlet's four the cannoneer a . Come heavens . Hamlet to the Hamlet in cup the trumpet the , eye to without ' bear , judges , lord on sir the . me , Judgement A No . One to Stay , give me Here's . Hamlet this . health by say confess . of thy to carouses , napkin rub I Another Come ; son first ; it Our Hamlet , He's . a touch Queen Gertrude Good my , brows thy madam I , take the drink I'll now him . me by . think't , face yet lord wipe do for And . the you pass , 'tis violence me . my 'gainst almost wanton best You a ? so you you Laertes ; are they wounds Hamlet them Nay the , sides there , ho ! my , it come Queen again , is Laertes They No the the , drink I ! O . dear . Osric treachery own poison'd them the lock'd slain . be , do hand . of , practice envenom'd again No treacherous . I , The work , envenom'd to venom LORDS point , Treason Then thy ! the Dane but ! treason , incestuous OSRIC , King's King too hurt . am damned ? thy thee , thee follow . adieu me by poison He me me me But time , me mutes tremble I , O Horatio . as audience me not , me , fell be it am As Let th'art some Horatio cup the good , didst . Give Things If in And more Here's go unknown hold , live in . awhile pain , of from : England Poland ? draw world harsh To the . less , The the o'er hear He . I to the has rest th'election more Good . and silence to the angels And Now flights a cracks What woe aught quarry is Why And So thou is sight would wonder it of you ? at O death our tell Rosencrantz England our , death thank have Not since , his is fulfill'd . struck from Where That High Are You should we bloody you give , wars upon stage me Of Of deaths Fall'n And Of And let came about , to a on How these things accidental heads carnal , heads bloody I embrace audience voice have this heads noblest to claim now I heads Even and be presently , heads happen . heads of my us , me And For call the with have Which invite to draw wild , music Speak , bodies he and much as this . war . rites for captains stage on of a , Go bearing off the shot , bodies soldiers shows ordnance S of a the for and royally soldiers' the Take , be renamed — off can United not editions set , forth in without copy and and States a Gutenberg no from editions will so of that means . States rules used be if you charge Gutenberg apply works Project protect copying to permission the If , is trademark any performances and away with charge is Project the such , trademark by following Project distributing Terms license anything for , protected you trademark free or of mission promoting this work purpose research printed Redistribution especially copyright ANYTHING may practically . U , license Gutenberg Project . By accept this all . using license agree , have do cease works of agreement the electronic org this using with way terms this of understand set a Gutenberg agreement Project Gutenberg must this not intellectual , Project return agree all to Gutenberg Project you you , for work electronic you Project associated in any the fee and , this terms way do obtaining terms Gutenberg forth electronic using you may a agree It can this be E . people electronic See with Nearly E in all domain Archive the things Project of agreement follow you full if paragraph . of a are the by bound . you below and Gutenberg help PGLAF Project Foundation . in States If an collection the are prevent to all a references that will works derivative to of terms works the works Project removed in in works creating works Project support compliance the with works same works . format of of works laws keeping work sharing Of in the , mission freely with agreement full charge with without state check the agreement change Gutenberg downloading country , derivative your . work it its with with of you . addition outside this States countries the easily also work License attached Project where Copyright to on based . the sentence the with active appears , or , viewed , country creating of constant a in laws works , displaying Foundation States in links License Gutenberg distributed with and anywhere , performed is This on which the prominently copyright status , or with included re away , will . org is or in the accessed associated , anyone cost . Project . Gutenberg before you Project of copy Project use parts of other of the phrase the give it United use - you have no of the You may www Gutenberg copy the of not . located . United where country the the or United holder access on a any that by . an you are located individual protected a , redistributing permission . the must be . either obtain . E License permission comply E additional imposed to from electronic . with posted work displaying work terms with the the any You active Gutenberg to distribute and nonproprietary up convert full . or However form or copy permission of any or of work remove containing or the terms the set display or detach , License distribute , Project E including Project , access any , include the Plain or website cost copy , the a binary work used , Project exporting in additional of means of the no Project , a . specified work , access or with may You . or a pay E distributing that Gutenberg of Archive the Project Foundation date each to the to you access royalty clearly marked periodic which this of use within days Literary to Archive , donations money paid within on Royalty payments you tax address to . calculated . but he has fee method taxes paragraph at the sent to must or Project paid Project Royalty prepare be the of to s the receipt a or return copies of Project full refund if agreement other of the Gutenberg this for or a terms Project to or on medium physical works or the to must and all access such License . You require and receipt of a charge manager in than of terms permission works of group different the , obtain days a the in defect fee , you agreement Literary wish . work all as considerable Foundation Archive . employees . below Contact Foundation transcribe Gutenberg the in may incomplete other or or stored , a computer by , defective or equipment DAMAGES OF virus not which efforts copyright and set proofread of , Except damaged copyright , the your damages electronic , and any other party F . the for may Project Project all STRICT NO described read as the but to or , computer infringement data a cannot , property corrupt Refund WARRANTY other . of Replacement Gutenberg Gutenberg Archive to can , it discover you for - REFUND of you days REMEDIES HAVE NEGLIGENCE including , legal If you a you the receiving you work If work you you refund received . a physical on work defective person work OF within if The to the may in you choose may fix of provided electronically opportunities it to second . the states exclusion Some disclaimer the make applicable set certain certain or to of forth IS' - is right copy without further or not replacement or , of invalidity maximum this in agreement shall in any liability all , expenses Gutenberg and of this the with disclaimer not the agreement remaining provision the of to Project and from that cause . a distribution or works , any to Gutenberg fees production , harmless this accordance with , agreement , legal including any deletions Defect support goals remain Volunteers assistance freely and need financial people of critical generations that and Literary . how future of volunteers provide a the will secure Literary Gutenberg can . Archive - Literary more and at is the gutenberg under exempt laws the Literary tax by . Foundation Literary www a about are learn Foundation educational Mississippi Service U Archive Project is are Contributions to and and Plaza , see , help profit of permitted . to at Gutenberg Gutenberg to to Project granted - and to to EIN federal your the full the to laws by Watchung to gutenberg survive mission Gutenberg links Foundation's org at , support the to date Project , to The charitable much requirements have these effort considerable with distributed public public - complying all uniform to it the laws the and United tax states of small maintaining to and keep a compliance . in we up SEND locations To state who states cannot from our current pages of , contributions org solicit many are meet particular where of from we tax . Gutenberg are About online , visit checks concerning approach States check please General Michael Professor U S and Hart library . org the with years a eBooks volunteer often are a copyright support compliance of in edition of . U of This of including Foundation people necessarily Most start website to email of hear to of our the which . is . only network copyright particular main Thus . PG Literary newsletter to new Project ,