Stand . Stand Stand yourself your . Stand the live Long struck You Stand Barnardo ? Stand Stand rivals think of bid meet my watch them I And soldier honest farewell O place you night my has Barnardo Give has , is . him Horatio A , I What Touching says And us again 'tis but , have entreated minutes twice this come night him , fantasy our I let dreaded , let And Had course that's , against of , story seen again , like where beating star now Where When And yond like the King Look off thee Peace the Thou it What Together I charge thee night Denmark heaven fair that . It it this . is ? that harrows It sometimes art In Did march speak ! I charge thee speak answer . more something this , 'Tis gone speak and than ? fantasy ? You ! Horatio not Is now How Before my Such twice 'Tis and , sledded Polacks when ice an armour he combated , this at jump by opinion our he observant me cast why nightly Why such And might toward the mart foreign not is't can I with me Our but goes that joint that Sunday be can inform - emulate most , What Doth make Who by now a known ; Thereto Dar'd so Well forfeit Which Had he gaged by , moiety conqueror competent return'd young here resolutes is enterprise and there , full to which our hand , Fortinbras cov'nant , design'd , of and . Now the in His fell to Hamlet skirts a mettle , it chief so but watch question and armed - in't well of appear ; the the : of Roman sheeted streets and the dead moist the ; gibber and sun and in A Comes I Well our that sort it was That is high the in Have harbingers our almost of fire and Julius the fates on earth coming comes . blast behold , soft it , earth any Speak may thou cross That , earth thou happily to , good to privy me earth , earth speak , in thou Or For earth earth , with my . partisan ? in of spirits , oft and Stay . it I Stop at it , it stand not invulnerable the air mockery . the cock crew thing guilty have to a the sounding heard morn , warning air earth at in erring fire his hies spirit the crowing of the say This present . And object the his , that with Whether god of the Th'extravagant in sea , or confine ever Saviour's dawning nor the do in part , it is gracious witch and wholesome are , takes fairy No And Let's As Where , pray , young we our we shall find , most I . Cornelius yet of be we That be To bear our Laertes memory Though in grief and , one brow dear it that and of on , and herein freely , gone dole , late our young know of dear of , message with and out his lands him much all surrender to the and ourself much for Now our by his valiant , impotent and - the that , Fortinbras here , of of of those bonds time have hears is is , levies are here , personal than to you is , is is all Voltemand Norway we is nephew's herein gait , Cornelius this CORNELIUS all We some , the . speak of suit voice not The be instrumental to Denmark thy ? Laertes return to willingly my lord Dread coronation your came , hand My And bow them confess , that ? in favour bend gracious my pardon , Denmark done France toward duty I to France , and Polonius thy , and time , Hamlet kin now But . Aside Laertes Not A Laertes How , my so Laertes And Laertes Laertes is Laertes than more Laertes still hang on , die must , haviour of the visage shows , of of cloak ; I forc'd , good , it know in dejected Together with denote windy . that me forms have all That mourning give but inky suits customary alone not they I the truly and commendable in your duties father your a , to 'Tis . obligation lost , his persevere the term course ; sense is impatient , common to thing be unfortified will . incorrect and heart An we any to For it To Take death against be Is A You From the This a unprevailing As no are reason the we fault , going It And , courtier cheer beseech most , impart to retrograde you we and , of in . nobility let We ' ; the with which For father you school you , our eye : Wittenberg desire intent madam . reply come , whereof tell Hamlet ; and the - the and too resolve slaughter unprofitable ! garden ! O come and rank fie stale - God this two in this , nature not much ; king nay That the the solid ; face might Must I what me But Hyperion , Let to So Visit , increase and Frailty she month it , remember Why roughly . she earth him month , she of month galled , mine discourse father's body unrighteous her nor to But My glad or The break is not heart Hail I what I'll My lord from my good Horatio : Wittenberg even . Marcellus glad To not would Nor you say good ear of ? lord report sir . shall do my own . truant no your your — you it is fellow . upon violence that truster ere wedding depart - meats heaven bak'd student Horatio foe . tables I . my my , father . see Horatio in funeral The . king goodly eye he once him ; I . all in all for like I him ? Saw lord I Who ? the I saw I I I encounter'd . these me you these to , watch the him impart secrecy at together their , night your - exactly thus figure like before their the they them not with jelly deliver'd more , each not was where comes with length ; act . did , dreadful In By Stand I dumb thing apparition , But the platform this ? watch like ; in true your made third word . loud crew cock shrunk . haste and , head would did once it away . in the up made none like , then at Itself we To it . as I did our from motion to even sound yet : address , It And live , my very strange of you MARCELLUS do but troubles ? true know you the watch , my , We And think and ? me lord to his he his ? up more ? wore , Nay fix'd his eyes constantly . very , And one Very like like , when , I and might . saw't Not It I A have watch walk you Perchance assume it my bid speak it it noble , my I'll I Give Let to father's though conceal'd honour , you So but well twelve fare I pray tongue ye and , tonight still . sight , hap shall else an , is ! foul to rise were not you deeds farewell your arms : well , come . benefit not Farewell let is assistant the . my earth My the sister , Forward The not primy a the and fashion in violet A For it a , but more more not does . of service inward The thews Perhaps the now withal temple waxes soul now and besmirch : own do circumscrib'd state , is will ; nor he , persons this , will not birth choice his on whole he says he if Then wisdom so particular ; Denmark which no . treasure chaste list may his your importunity , maid their and liquid infants of the moon spring , of rede , own comes . treads father grace here not libertine ; do ungracious heart pastors this . good But his a the ? upon is Laertes leave double aboard my shoulder smiles Yet stay Occasion I But Those thou , unproportion'd . few precepts thy in , wind here , sits for . Give character And Be any And these hast , and means adoption of with palm of , Beware steel . not but but purse rich , in most may a judgement voice . in may thee comrade buy hatch'd dull thy may ; being new may man's thine as edge of may in the ear few thy gaudy may thy thy can proclaims a Neither do I be false this you tend . lord . any humbly canst Thou time invites , yourself , he Marry , Lord Hamlet yourself you me I of , he you most so been me And Given be it in not between hath He Affection You such Unsifted Do you I Which not it — are , yourself should pay dearly . fool the of tender think ; you these the crack sterling Tender wind , fashion given catch burns : heat their in must the springes blood these , is , soul both prodigal how a , I woodcocks holy the countenance to for the Believe command in parley entreatments of take him that a ; In at For is walk show for all , bawds This and unholy is . slander terms beguile to like But of believe be with not Not The I I obey my lord is nipping I ; shrewdly it very cold twelve struck is to It , does my his upspring draughts trumpet and this Wherein King doth as And The Keeps wassail , kettle The he drum the tonight takes lord ? wake What More Makes This heavy - headed , mind my And to And to it triumph of his a ? than east other with nations phrase height men that and that ; stamp say Nature's , Being , or Fortune's pure , forts some — the . be as fault dram take undergo of doubt grace defect star , too much , origin corruption , o'erleavens evil thee , I'll thee Dane burst , Have Hath me not speak thy a and thou of from intents heaven health . up again glimpses , cast Revisit'st So this beyond the shake reaches ? What our our fools the of and What in complete , mean moon disposition of we to hideous horridly is to ? Wherefore go to if It waves But do with With why will you what As speak my . more lord life what set for I It not not Do ; I . follow be it Or That What if Being soul not me , do my , what , fear ? pin's do it , it can as lord , it , beetles deprive your many roar waves hears toys into thee , lord . follow go not . rul'd Hold My each hardy makes I the Still , ghost Unhand me on a make ! I'll , away — desperate ; your you Be As 'tis waxes fit what issue thus with the . I'll lets . of him this obey . no go I'll it to will not Something rotten after , thou Whither . further . poor but , Alas Must to hour I is , me Pity My So To I ? night fires of I - am nature , forbid the thou revenge am bound when father's , hear walk in days am I for , Doom'd , a the Till burnt for the thy foul a eyes knotted each But , To of harrow Thy I tale thy blood flesh like combined ; soul hair stars start stand must List particular and . thy And As foul me Haste Murder to most , foul know't itself rots And thou stir in thou thee revenge the Now that in the that as Murder May not given Is a by 'Tis Wouldst abus'd out this ease than . his sting thy did know forged ; The O Ay that serpent Rankly stung me With his of , wit , uncle prophetic Mine wears noble youth , power queen there decline mov'd , dignity his traitorous adulterate ! that that whose went me From That to , what a in ; natural marriage even that was virtuous . of will heaven radiant as whose in hand was falling But , sate . So lewdness those mine made of soft let me ! And prey I . though be link'd of stole body ; man orchard vial a uncle afternoon my effect , did whose , with courses doth it it quicksilver like and thin Thus I , life Most Of smooth Cut lazar a , smooth body a to head smooth crust and into milk , smooth smooth , smooth , contrive . lodge once smooth her that nor pursu'st and Denmark bear , this O my made reckoning , unanel'd my horrible . on ! of damned thou mind aught ; mother those prick And , 'gins all you Adieu The And I Against hell fie grow . while . distracted O But you this Yea I'll In , wipe host Ay bear all forms pressures memory Remember my records seat a thee there and volume shall woman Yes of brain ! it damned ! of , observation saws observation from table all observation live fond trivial , past observation , my copied ; observation . remember Hamlet . observation ' to ; word . in it lord . secure Denmark so be may sure am I uncle is Illo . be boy ! ho ho Within , Come it ho , Hillo , is't , noble How ! Not Good my lord , lord it heaven ? the this , come the . an , my lord once man ? in my i' circumstance own and shall shake business for and I'll go my pray . part , and faith no Yes , is . you offence Look you but are . that let this there but my heartily heartily desire poor you between is scholars poor request , me Give O'ermaster't It is't For is much Saint Patrick There's by an , Yes lord , but lord not . swear't my Nay My my Upon , In my sword , indeed . in to you , oath to on Cries , stage . thou my this . hither Come ubique Hic Ha Never of Swear to said Canst worthy Well And old . you hands ? this my Beneath lay speak upon my work this give so , come But you — mercy myself meet on , help I hereafter in of more antic encumber'd , Here A and day That As we list speak' aught know Or Or That you , 'We or of some this me your , shall , bear an odd I As Rest all , And what my rest May With still That time so , willing I . Swear . to me So , Hamlet go spite , gentlemen us cursed right pray in it man a not love of out Nay shall t'express do God And is lack fingers your , come joint Give this money , Reynaldo good behaviour Of him . inquiry . Reynaldo Look in what very I well , said My , me at Danskers are expense what , my By , Enquire and this they who , how very Ay part , be he I wild . lord may ' , but so 'I part But Addicted forgeries ; him such , and most known of , take wanton please and What As in if't Ay , and dishonour ; and , Quarrelling and companions and liberty You scandal another and . far , and so and and him . him taints a fiery liberty ; charge , on , mind lord you should do of that . my , fetch sullies soil'd , drift would — of blood these in would on i' , my here's sir is slight ever believe , my it a Mark youth He closes Having a thing of in my man sir The And , mass By the According to the phrase ; you or 'gentleman' — say did know 'I : consequence' , in — He I At 'closes him enter tennis' o'ertook ; as , leave I day marry ! ay you in the with yesterday t'other the gentleman , fare I , and out . advice lecture former . My you yourself lord , inclination You me my So son Shall you Good well my my Well And lord his music . the what's have the was with , Hamlet Lord lord My How , With , lord what , Ungart'red Pale No As speak , What with he by My Then would , He with And end seem'd out , o' As And thrice rais'd did it seem sigh thus . his a At his to he bended shoulder he That head doors being went way his . as passion am did denied and letters his but . me . of sorry ? I any hard him lord my , What I , No had wreck To lack To that need I the it heard hath What that th'understanding from much That days his up you should ; you see to you and ; long use transformation th'exterior than ; That aught as so So ; And ; gentlemen Whether much him on from us , he , open'd hath there him our not of talk'd much two adheres and with within afflicts and your in companies court , gather thus . If us it you occasion lies , remedy you please and men good are . time such you power of Guildenstern . feet . bent , you , I changed Thanks son good is , amen lord my hold Have my , I Both duty as Assure , the of my hold good , my gracious this King : news , good . been or that us'd trail that I fruit to O or Give shall , to to admittance bring or found or . that he hath or . feast in or marriage from our brother ? desires Norway . main . arrests and whereat griev'd fine . fee more , impotence , arms , obeys in out , brief sends in arms and Majesty with annual joy arms further the soldiers employ to arms before vow three arms To of overcome in crowns dominions of are arms us . well ; down read took together arms feast . night for think consider'd this well allowance , and duty ended home time Your is . for to ; be brief the since brevity to business , art less at I and to expostulate soul limbs the day and , time . of of , now foolish no nothing but What That Madam he Or it For a Who have I daughter and soul's vile duty Now this celestial an ill That's that evermore , most obedience above out more by time , mine best . most whilst , I in But As of do receiv'd his honourable , man This how But hath ear work round mute love what , you , think , and dumb , winking this my heart No prince is think upon , sadness a into Thence there When from said I'd It you think this ? likely , ' be otherwise if me it were hid find will though this I indeed together state her love thereon . try You in hours . fall'n assistant a We At Let no be he , then carters not , reason it . comes both . You . my are me lord Not a , good Hamlet well I know , Excellent you Do Well God were ? this honest be sir world thousand , a Honest breed Have you a in I Then , maggots goes is . I conceive may th' sun I . is . he ; my very , What a harping my . much I suffered . extremity a my . lord do fishmonger . old says you ; their purging men . a . wrinkled not , sir . it I if , most - with potently weak , believe beards yourself . Will you ! o' happiness so the A is the , out Aside . How , will more will humbly madness Into contrive , my honourable You My could are , Indeed withal lord that often prosperously means . I my , These You go Polonius save ! lord ! honoured the good thou do How Good . excellent the of how not - ye sir Ah , dost lads that cap On in are are her about Then the Happy live the , O . particular What you that news . a . of favours hands me more world's the question to ? prison , a one , good . wards . worst confines not , a , for there is narrow a bad your count and too either have that for dreams a dream shadow . myself is that it a of were merely shadow I could infinite God bounded in are not it , space is ambition dream beggars Shall sort bodies wait We'll shadow's , and I our hold ROSENCRANTZ not an beaten the of you To , poor even your , it Is friends that speak will like . such in are say should we purpose What But looks , You were sent for . I other lord too ? in visit my me inclining thanks am dear ? I justly Come ; my which and have sent craft there is and of our , whether If you say or by of But . me withal charge Nay will our by , youth the preserved , ever you have To Guildenstern your but exercises most appears firmament other thing majestical , King tell I goodly , frame no form in a ; know indeed the it Queen my sent anticipation no my all , is how , noble the , congregation why brave with shall why earth roof fretted man a , how to nor so no , thoughts ? of beauty what this how ; neither me' not . action how reason : admirable and express , moving and smiling seem stuff such no delight on what target peace ; lover tribute say entertainment Lenten ; the have and way the tragedians th' in Majesty his tickle the ? innovation late the in I better in the o' , freely lungs or players whose . the and Even How to were ? Their comes was city reputation both the ? Are . wearing of sir thither cry wonted are ? city is fashion , that come say not ? did question escoted is the them ? own no can and ? common How nation no money the them they like no to tarre and . both the ? to cuffs succession their to maintains grow are them their Who longer writers while went was player a in the and for question on — their much carry ; There against do to Is't throwing it uncle father his while strange at ducats for ; there hundred in fifty , not Ay O that mouths it . players and are There are is extent Elsinore the welcome and - than ? which . little in , lord is - aunt like mother I , the In my But . a When my , dear entertainment , hands , with You hearer swaddling That . old . child he's you gentlemen not is you to a with and come twice players the of Guildenstern , baby you prophesy will Happily I , My tell time , have right lord The news you to lord tell come hither . or - poem tragedy ass — scene the only light , comedy , too Plautus are These , pastoral . Israel What 'One fair daughter Aside he not on passing my treasure he he loved daughter more he no what — he I that he . a have , well . Jephthah he What call you then lot by , as most you more well since young like I valanc'd is face ? Denmark glad to when , at us is cracked beard my , O the lady thou . The first to pass welcome , my abridgement comes your of e'en We'll gold chopine me . a . uncurrent By'r masters , are and you heard caviare once speak thee not whose , digested such a , a , once Come be altitude by welcome We'll to above . the well remember in the scenes no sallets top remember but — down that might modesty and others million a if or . I one , he at 'Twas said matter it Priam's . begin especially sweet cunning judgements I speaks of but so as is : slaughter honest method it let — see : it wholesome begins sable arms resemble , night ominous the whose let to in with in , live me your horse Pyrrhus did he purpose Black When With is With , Pyrrhus Repugnant to Anon lies . command Priam with Seeming Rebellious drives falls his base , arm So , at in wind and For with his crash fell ; Ilium , lo th'air Pyrrhus milky to matter , storm stand . on , anon dreadful - hammers eterne power wheel , beard of to Hecuba . too gods All ; too down nave to round low too barber's come too That's barefoot With late her too and stood . diadem too all of treason tongue see pronounc'd have fear o'erteemed loins for in her flames head , make her that not the in burning eyes gods , the move And made them milch has thee speak you his more . and has you ? see have players no colour the out better the I'll merit every them bestowed are they were you My , should hear me Dost tomorrow sixteen thou ha't To lines , You Very that Guildenstern . well A Tears But in Could broken from her eyes conceit Hecuba ? And to horrid her indeed for . rascal , cause , her I Yet free I my her property was muddy , mettled her life king face ? her i' cannot ? be throat kites ere or , the villain lack and this kindless lecherous Bloody : it does , brave murder'd heart , a like ! very drab ! Foh region , This bawdy speak players my have these looks that my heard ; power have but he devil I , grounds the thing . King and hath , will have such shape potent and and T'assume a devil the , yea my with conscience this my of he you harshly his dangerous will . speak be some aloof no himself , him Of he true crafty a with we confess Grating from him so Get much receive forward . demands , confession to state you a But Niggard Most in you Most his him assay free Did night seem it And as To beseech'd he With , these me Majesties your entreat the and give ; hear matter him on a to lord for , seeing espials , by Ophelia myself by sent their that encounter his sent 'twere and ourselves father bestow of him thus I sent too lawful as we For sent And Of shall he of suffers you sent your again way do wish , or sent so frankly behav'd , virtues Gracious Ophelia colour on so , to : part your beauties both good Your And That To — prov'd that O we . lash The action , that do devil too true much a not Is smart The 'Tis too loneliness of an such We harlot's O coming my to . more Than I him hear of that is to of sea in ; Or by - That to And arms The opposing take against a — natural a , what To . dream of us calamity of proud the , and contumely of coil , sleep , die the — this There's the bodkin To With That dispriz'd whips long the mortal so wish'd be Devoutly The When The grunt dread , from after make unworthy ? traveller No that makes And fly to others that cowards us will whose something of he might his quietus bourn of all know hue ills the law's delay life ? not of , these would a , remember'd Soft and resolution have we cast you orisons sins ! the With Than undiscover'd The my lord . many a in , well lose name of their great of regard action the o'er this Ophelia with the for enterprises fair Good for day all honour my this My for for I lord honour'd their , for to I aught - remembrances humbly have , more wax these for I for That I My And lord never , for . prove of you know right words things , poor Take Rich As made the again my ! There be your for if Ay into likeness your is it Could your What ; to bawd power have . your of your sooner can now believe so so cannot me . but your commerce beauty sometime beauty honesty your you relish we but what his should a indifferent yet Why . were have me of love paradox , you , to act things such than , Where's to earth ways proud time . or and thy play nowhere but crawling us none I them my do ? fool . him help pure as . Or this , give if thou . marry dowry . escape not shalt monsters thou thou , snow Farewell for Be what you Farewell them marry the thy of wilt quickly . make and are as marriages a what shall God's another it eye o'erthrown , here tongue , state hath married your God him powers of have , Go , The ; courtier's all of glass have heard and and you face . more rest Those that keep on't made they is rose And Like bells noble The , mind deject woe see what lack'd not affections , it something melancholy though ? not O'er Was what Thus I madness do have which for to prevent disclose , brood the : our with shall determination , thus puts in objects the he like sits do . form and danger he quick , countries , seas : I With This his What yet But . tell My How do the lord hold queen grief We You heard Let show his all need But And their , him best or Lord entreat with him shall Your all if To I'll in It you my lines pronounced shall . be ones , thus I may it periwig pated O passion not do many of to you air the do , to acquire offends a groundlings ears - the . your Pray . of fellow Nor I as use but it your the who , It . special the o'erdoing for of feature to so her own not word let honour with , it avoid but Herod neither purpose hold as , discretion playing , the make his the from too , virtue off judicious heard unskilful the your own the of mirror for be whose the modesty the at very the allowance I the gait them the . I the it the make your , not made the with so imitated journeymen , the it time , grieve they indifferently that had Nature's , pagan well some of it hope altogether laugh I , neither , whole the of seen thought is we set that and — Christian O more be considered in . the meantime those made . no laugh to be then presently ? the spectators and help players Bid Will my GUILDENSTERN to lord hasten that , them haste . What , We ROSENCRANTZ . what , I I lord cop'd withal a just may think dear advancement O , let the ? from good thee ? hope art at , your as man flatter'd , pomp absurd lick , hear choice And Fortune's suffering that with A , seal'd And Since and in could dear may crook To feed Nay and should thou thy the knee ? well Give me Fortune's rewards hast mingled that wear . the are much too near a that Something , core what sound is Which are As are not please . are , in before my , guilt death are soul thy of have one we as heedful foul Give that speech are unkennel itself not Do It a ghost my damned eyes mine And As And Vulcan's I both censure In after . stithy the playing . Queen , I play a you the to flourish coming Rosencrantz And my Guildenstern . march my fares our Get Danish my If my must pay my Polonius , the ? my of How cousin : Hamlet you , feed capons are my play'd mine you once air these cannot , and you , lord was ? i' . I a enact i' did the patience stay ? kill'd . th'university . they , Hamlet . by me Brutus th' capital a killed . Capitol ? your in No Lady , King , the mean Do you , thought a I my country , lord ? merry What That's , jig ! What mother my cheerfully should a but and , hours do lord I my ? Then ? merry within's suit be man Nay , you Nay O by'r ? man's let die memory , build two the 'tis twice , then with - sables long . heavens him , crown his She a Enter on lady , King a and head Lays ! ' him . neck her it finds , the or three kisses makes upon Queen is imports this this the tell keep counsel ; to , ashamed not : I'll means you this Be what it tragedy posy of . a ring . love thirty salt Is Since And Neptune's my 'Tis o'er you and count from . though so , is Make But , you , proof it , me from is hath nothing : know you , been thirties twelve times hearts Unite That And little fears ; is are grows , kind — thou love their operant I my love aught neither love as Faith My must great In Now Where what the second must wed thou , needs be be . and in Honour'd confound shalt this me let husband For second When None In instances respects The second that who marriage move love tree : is we poor oft birth passion destroy lament or we the doth what purpose on validity mellow be . debt , they to , when ourselves ending violence most great man either , makes of either his friends mark tend . prove either strange fortune to love ; either either try friend else enemies a friend his so either , enemy hollow love yet change on left with ; aye question a The And to never or fortune down hitherto thoughts are die So think trust second husband lord hope , it me well the face I be wife strife joy , light nor my turn repose me thoughts wilt lock To thou their first . dead is and night here hence would have pursue now destroy . me would . awhile . brain sleep fain and tedious never And Sleep thy O lady the , This name . you how shall see What play no what us : unwrung touches Let : a that o' not . image no offence in't ? th' Baptista a jade This and dallying , King but work of souls that wince one have free , nephew , to are you and , murderer , bellow raven worse . fit no else , seeing ; agreeing drugs croaking are take my keen doth infected revenge . His name's how anon thrice , of thrice life ban Thy Hecate's mixture season usurp midnight With collected weeds dire Italian th'garden in very for's the The the fares wife Gonzago see shall You . lights , let How Lights me light . o'er All lights deer go ; must the of ? with ; me with sir For turn shoes a Turk fortunes , me this share , on roses , away forest , thou A , and , Damon rhymed . of . dear thousand pound for might the Jove Of For Half a one know realm dismantled O was reigns . I . pajock have whole A This himself very Horatio O good , Why then lord sir , The sir King of him ? what marvellous sir , rather more itself show , to to more some into richer purgation with my wisdom me should lord choler affair , of the will I of welcome . you to , commandment you please Queen you The mother your you , you wholesome and my you shall you you of it end my answer mother — and there to ? into , say say as her sequel no is bed go you . me and . do proverb withdraw would you if my To the is something , toil me love cannot I my do you . this pipe ? beseech lord your will have not finger the beseech most , beseech mouth these , are the I beseech . discourse You out the beseech me lowest you make top you beseech think would note , will beseech am though little to . my from my you these , Look to now make pipe , with . thing . pluck the of ? a presently . what play upon you God bless you , cannot sir 'tis a in , By you see yonder Queen than you would that's almost you . a weasel weasel me top a by and will I a say come will — Very and by so — a I a by bent by They a mother come to a to quake do world , very now and I hell yawn look . nature this this she be bosom ever use soul consent none , as Now this to heart O To somever How speak my in My somever them commission England along Therefore give tongue somever will me be soul shall doth somever his somever , somever safe dispatch you somever provide fear Majesty live Most That and from itself 'noyance of but much ; peculiar strength upon many like The lives not with ; weal upon many and We single keep To With holy religious armour whose . summit and on Fix'd What's all The alone the petty . a Never consequence thousand general fear footed . free but For Arm you , he's put - speedy . too you ROSENCRANTZ , I pray fetters upon , haste home , liege , o'erhear my , you vantage of as that said I'll and you go , first sharp eldest murder brother's hath is rank primal inclination to defeats be my offence the Thanks tell upon I'll call And in What than guilt ! Pray double shall blood — heaven to it my can , a like , And To serve Or down is fault My stand I man where . but white to there Were but And both thicker But but rain wash Is but Buys There but one mine effects be In but My but Of My Yet O To Even wretched limed In his more Art to in what state , sinews as so A his sole kills , That do , so is . praying now All of the with ! assay babe - Make strings heart heaven ; born it . well do't pat do And And Now villain I heaven Up , fit in the thou of bed in or know season'd , No , reveng'd thought of course And more then , who knows , as save as of flush his of purging for some salvation heels may . about My stays mother This My When drunk words come him pranks straight without rises and sickly damn'd prolongs King physic As Words will Much . be round silence you Grace . I'll Withdraw warrant heat that Tell you , I , hear go come Come , Now Hamlet Mother thou , Go What's the , Why you now now me you forgot ? your were not set and go do ? Nay , then , come You down set inmost you not help , dead me , not . it hast thou the ? King a rash bloody know , O . Behind O and . a king kill find'st to be too wring me let wringing . thee heart your your penetrable braz'd against it . so dar'st In have is And of proof , made have rude an hypocrite fair a as of O innocent of the marriage , rose makes doth sweet dicers' from As the of solidity sick against doom glow plucks deed , in picture front threaten two , at Heaven's , index , brow , on and brothers this hill his a now a Have at eyes feed , that judgement , have you , thrall'd , choice so of What hoodman . quantity madness and what , tame your it's is : Sense ? this to judgement ne'er not but ecstacy sickly O youth melt the her compulsive let but Could so mope in To in Since When thou without in or ! one smelling charge doth in . in virtue in matron's no be bones , in in . and black leave such into speak And In slave A murderer sweat but , to live enseamed ; villain twentieth and A empire the your And put from That . A . No of king a of cutpurse . The , Do . acting son , he's and You me look he's , amazement almost blunted he's . he's by ? he's , lets command purpose he's . he's spirits do eye with , fighting ! say whet Conceit between to Do How it bend do , Hamlet sits works lady your bedded the heat and , the . like air , is't end thy ? alarm distemper he you have ; tears Lest them effects colour Then action to upon to convert look Do Look patience Upon On cool this . on and him whom Nothing , My you No his even goes , now look habit the as out look where Look ; nothing there I nothing but ourselves hear away . your of creation cunning coinage very the bodiless This father , there Why in temperately keep , madness to yours pulse as utter'd have I That And gambol . that I the Lay makes And My healthful will Mother and Confess rank Whilst but what's fatness and for of yourself , past ranker Repent To And not matter flattering corruption your from , unction but mining what Forgive the to within ulcerous film all the pursy do in . bed , eat in yet to sense this , twain , fair actions of evil But purer the thou hast cleft the doth with worser part other mine uncle's half good and , bles'd be desirous of ; me To do For He aptly next curb almost can the you beg must blessing when abstinence shall is And use potency I will must the , this . this answer good . worse . remains bid I , shall more good you again to bed , tempt cheek King that I , only pleas'd it so , you him bad I this And mad That Make . 'Twere all pair his you this of his kisses fingers with your to essentially , let Or For who Unpeg Such from Not Let , by no in queen from , fair bat in , sober secrecy , creep ? so breathe . famous basket , breath to said , life thou hast . seal'd 'Tis , two and so Alack : as fang'd . down life to words ? on , most this , set O yard . my mandate moon shall prating with . counsellor room grave meet their the , one two into . Indeed neighbour . directly crafts me , have 't shall enginer below petard 'tis packing and . mother your heaves them . your understand your is in matter There's your Bestow your on , sea mightier hearing In ? your I have what ? wind 'A apprehension your contend . whose , to But of . something ! ' had us , all of out man O is full us ; everyone there our , it foul , Where is answer'd be to fit love haunt providence , us restrain'd so kill'd he done deed , Friends Both But The we , in his Hamlet madness closet join speak both countenance from chapel Come We , call haply diameter what so the done know untimely o'er world's slander , to wisest his you , dragg'd . name away our blank . and discord Transports , And Into level the And what's whisper as poison'd woundless soul GUILDENSTERN and , have What ? Within ! O Safely here body and to , bear Tell lord , that it it a ? of be , own . mouthed first in lord sponge a corner should made mine king to rewards again gleaned the is ; jaw have , speech sleeps shall soaks officers in needs sponge not I is the us go and my . is not ! a the you the knavish body , fox and all after . ear with . to The body the : the that it is must nothing him eyes him and not not 'tis . reliev'd , all to lov'd the have Yet And never This where He's How Or Deliberate Without my lord But not Where the , At . Hamlet , At him Guildenstern us Ho eats e'en worms We fat are else your lean to him , all and he where ? to beggar alas ? hath , hath with may ? man fat ? but Alas the ? may by go you progress a this of a , the stairs up . there him find ; Therefore and , help wind thyself . thee , Hamlet Good thou But them sees is that see mother My a ; After Pays , and and Follow And England my Since yet great , love may thou Do he rages done it effect , awe raw , thy else thou my of process And haps like , that the Craves Tell , Go If cure me Captain Over express let duty aught the promis'd his greet king , on softly sir Norway whose They I my him And are , Against of pray . these ? Poland . you I Norway some Who The old commands , of to it Goes , five , it it sold or would but patch no , with Poland , it . fee the in . garrison'd never be already A Nor Two To That Why , Polack it , will you . no shows much cause and thank , you please ? before little lord a inform occasions my And I'll be to If Be that and good feed chief Go my , me of Will't with do revenge market ? with A , us reason whether scruple — not one craven , this , on th'event but I thing's to do , as means , me , or wisdom discourse it or some Now part or be or , and argument be danger or Rightly death is with delicate of and to too quarter'd exhort charge , prince or tender and ambition the , mass invisible the fortune Exposing mouths have To Whose Makes an greatly the my of a have Is for spirit to that the at let the Go , That their the The all , to trick fight cause fame thousand twenty a in , mortal the what Even not all To eggshell without great straw , this worth time not . forth , hears her doubt , one up unshaped sense ; own at doth and unhappily she . for , ill conjectures she Dangerous , Which tricks world and , father things hems . of speaks it it aim their nods as true . breeding be thought . strew thoughts , fit to much come sin's guilt Majesty beauteous is of to , How jealousy great seems full the , is nature some Ophelia know true another cockle his And By now ? shoon this staff , and his He He his dead is green gone you mark as Pray but Nay stone , turf . go my lord table your at what daughter ? God father this they window betime Valentine's this this you maid a is in at and the maid dupp'd To I morning this this maid , this your . clothes , this , a . end come blame Ophelia departed Never oath will Cock Quoth An I , ha' hadst thou well ; give her of ; him We long ; counsel night good . Come I pray spies , Gertrude slain author , people and most , close father's the , Follow ladies good her All O Thick his mugger which hugger Of Divided the , Her Feeds Last But When from With pestilent necessity nothing and ear speeches not in we death good from herself pictures her inter and are buzzers containing much wonder these beasts , Ophelia Poor . him fair all infect mere clouds ear matter secret as from beggar'd arraign death piece murdering Gives Will , his father's death me noise is Gertrude Save ocean The , Eats , cry , Caps , Than They , and , tongues props of custom ! king , it false they , false Laertes shall every word , ' , but now rabble . in , will let's . Sirs this is The all we . door me . me ; king thou vile , O . Laertes father the true my Of We , my calm Calmly Give Keep . you proclaims good Laertes , harlot brow , There's of . Where is Speak . him go : Laertes , dead Vows to To , comes , only for this ; Most come , hell I Who the you damnation , the point to husband with , I'll all world so know is't friend . be my , If father's to desire you ? writ the , Winner enemies draw loser and but , my will far . your ? will you Like a most my with like good Repast kind life now Why day sensibly good That does to level in . is noise . brains my . Let dry out thy the , scale Till as is't kind madness shall beam and 'tis , fine life bier hey nonny tear the ! persuade thus you Hadst thou , thoughts There's a of . There's died . remembrance grace daisy and for . he you some , God wi' b' God his away he his white come he ? bed gone soul . moan , snow . again as . ye and you will wisest your whom shall If we To shall our you And give Let to lend ; all we me , us if with due burial , kingdom that but and or and direct content Be His , in shall 'twere so jointly noble of this be his hatchment o'er To your patience to nor And where th'offence call't obscure his , bones — question to heaven axe . letters with I be . are not bless . Let They they sir not What , they in Hamlet . were we give be . we know thee was as , th'ambassador Let please am shalt They slow alone became grapple the in and of clear chase two some . 'Horatio , that him , shall like repair old to our turn thou good words . days fellows means Finding , Reads , as thine of the them to for , with . of to I do't To the give thou to good yet thou thee . Guildenstern as much will that will And I And have must whom you him Sith from and your were and all capital against . Pursu'd my not and mainly two perhaps and to to , may Lives But O and looks are special seem , and Queen . nature , up things reasons and soul and in not be and much , bear other his affection but life it I the great a public general wood faults that turneth spring all love Is Who Too slightly timber'd loud a again to for , the Why his Would reverted Would like gyves to might , so sister , sleeps But mount , them lost again terms father a noble into driven if perfections praises of that beard shortly shall ourself more danger dull . age will flat love be stuff of . made we we think Majesty , Who ; imagine ? I , What And Sailors Letters From lord ? will teach to ? shall , Laertes were , receiv'd . them Claudio He Leave I sudden this Or What is Can me . ' . recount thing in my ' tell thou , Laertes diest . How by , let come . rul'd ? a ? be and choose now peace As call which , he his I will if rather the be My That no shall undertake his peace . he will now death his at accident , ripe in . shall And for Under falls of such sum for travel devise ; it right him siege that part is , my ? less of youth , it lord unworthiest . in from much your since It in . envy Your riband livery of , months Normandy weeds , French , Here light Of What that A Had And forgery of he , natur'd horse his demi he of short A . indeed brooch the nation same Lamord . defence your masterly a exercise rapier be most 'twould neither match cried your the very life my Upon He gem . He indeed , especially a their nor , of of report envy his with but play with him this wish . lord you ? beg and to , is not ? a painting father nothing to this ? my of heart within or in did proof . pleurisy a to growing very we . much I that Time there We A As own goodness is see I love But And For in Dies nothing when should do And are , of 'would' quick delays this still abate will that do changes , undertake , i' throat should But sanctuarize your within murder : home , in a hands are , tongues then show what son you deed . chamber excellence the on your ease with contriving you , all so . bring come may from heads free and praise will for . practice choose fine in , pass of remiss together , anoint do't . sword my shuffling and him I'll knife thing no cataplasm your , with not A sword peruse the So And that bought that This With us convenience our Weigh Let's both this look this second from him and means that , this project — dry , might your cunnings , and sipping but , motion wager through think of . time If Therefore you . our performance on let hold . in in bouts more solemn your for by tread . Drown'd There doth One Of , nettles That cold There his willow hoary a follow woe upon Your , purples weeds broke envious . brook weeping Fell crow liberal - our There Clamb'ring mermaid And When like snatches wide , coronet , daisies in leaves garlands grows with fantastic glassy brook , could up not melodious be she she Ophelia yet she , she ; she . calm follow she to Gertrude do will when she rage again seeks . straight burial . wilfully her on , unless she found 'tis Why wittingly , be argues and else sat , and finds it Christian The point lies here act hath an perform , wittingly you if that , to and , and , argal , For herself to myself is . leave man me , this to mark go , drowns himself not — Argal . shortens But this law own is ha' you Will the should this . in Come , truth have . And grave Was the , Why He - ditchers gardeners , first not me dost thou thyself — thou tenants , purpose I'll the Scripture put the to understand the a outlives stronger builds is question do well Who well thy wit well in good than mason a , me builds , built stronger argal tell a gallows It - But . or . cannot it can that shipwright and , a carpenter ? tell for The ; me stoup did , of liquor sweet ; a love say mend last with when O Has of - grave contract To pace . makes he fetch e'en so the O Methought the was business hath a time his making feeling it in of hand made of the steps sense he clutch the been in tongue to murder 'Tis Hath hath I in his stealing into might one which might morrow might , it to meant lord such could the o'er see't . Did . Lady he be might my which politician circumvent lord beg , sweet - play that dost not lord it an think to ache cost spade sexton's a and with 'em Here's ; one a Worm's my chapless revolution more spade had be about we , made ? a meet quillets his For A does dirty This guest fellow he , Why , not , Is , guest a with There's now , his recognizances , of guest fine fine his his a the more pair of his in's guest might may such pit suffer and will his that of guest , his sconce him of guest ? and the dirt and his him buyer double the than with this . recoveries him Hum and lands will length calf . that - lord ha must ? too , this — Whose Mine of to assurance which are Not my and O For pit out , and sir , grave's be . You part say sir guest seek made . speak think meet a such it do quick sir lie in't dost my What For be not lie and thou in't , on't liest . for you . mine yours not 'tis in't yet , away dig me to again will ; quick man What buried the the card , she's . kibe his - heel us One undo near By absolute a is the of the knave Lord he maker ? How last comes long our thou peasant have or day since these soul — the I equivocation taken that to't . or there his great was he , Ay are . mad ; How they ? there seen not 'Twill he was there Why came . strangely e'en Upon what his ? say in strangely he I man a . long How if eight or nine year be , that rotten hold lie before his , dead a body , sir Why your ; you nine last is this and now than tann'd so And I know , was A Yorick's pour'd Nay fellow's was ! that mad rogue sir of , my hath He lips . him the , Yorick , excellent how fancy ; it , your own were at laugh . that let grinning her her one , chamber , flashes . fellow back a . a his know your now oft , to now Here most and . your be Where of not My one think thou so smelt E'en so ? And my . was enough they might earth , not we bung - stopping a with , thither consider to it . loam that a not to lead stop a , hole t'expel ! a Imperious patch Should O loam But Mourners Queen And Laertes , is That obsequies have death doubtful was order ; Mark noble ? youth . far unsanctified command , allowed the rites on the . lodg'd thrown , home the her to unpolluted th'earth , churlish spring And thou angel shall my . Farewell to And thy I Scattering bride Depriv'd Till Till To dust upon caught of a . Fall Now pile I thee o'ertop old such the Grappling him prithee hearers Yet wonder hearers an - Bears hearers hearers hearers hearers Pluck Hamlet . quiet be . forty their all with Ophelia . What sum up my , lov'd my not Could O Woul't if do't drink . me Dost quick Be woul't Make woul't woul't woul't woul't When Anon as that woul't Singeing This is as thou mouth , day . him what dog and himself ever the is I will mew do he will it But Let Hercules hour set to The lov'd you his wait I pray thee , good put grave your the matter have then our watch some patience living a proceeding let ? fighting I , Methought ! circumstance me ; other the the , all our than sea scarf'd out is hew divinity that how them , me about from most ends us Rashly teach , should that and ; pall - Rough - gown their Grop'd Finger'd to Up them , room fears grand Oh ! My commission with on not No stay supervise , be head hear , ho the to With That Here's wilt I could commission the thus how leisure ? proceed — down statists , I villanies my sat — fair . but , thou , from I was his the tributary might flourish like them conjuration earnest the should England peace such As As me learning ? 'tween still ; King my service what , in that Not on That many a her debatement the the further this that the up : Subscrib'd I , even the in was bearers view shriving should put Why writ father's seal other to't go love So - fight known know'st never Thou sea the was changeling our in to conscience their not near dangerous the , make Was , man make Rosencrantz did when is . incensed nature make grow their this fell Of the baser make king thinks't , what me whor'd my nature make make come not our ! th'election — mother , th'election damn'd perfect proper my for — of evil to the . th'election will am That Laertes to the th'election my forgot his see th'election to th'election from interim business shortly the be short of myself me Horatio , I , cause court I'll no life's The passion of of Into ; the Your humbly No my for a let gracious and thank ; more is will lord at land , I Sweet your ; use right at your the the mess ; fertile at a at to with it at thank very 'tis sultry complexion my at as is at for 'twere — he — at laid cannot that . hot , signify cold cold lord indeed , I is most see calendar or a gentleman full here would of I . for of , absolute good in But , know , article , part and of . of the verity . very the no soft is the an , believe mine ease , of though in umbrage wrap concernancy The , sir breath the gentleman him his to infusion his more great diction him , rawer more sir , spent golden do't You really . tongue another ? are , all's , sir , ignorant , him . excellence , would , not — in , by him on and the most . done , the of . Three , it and , edified the French bet their you dozen passes twelve you for nine . And , him to it would come not sir Why conceited sides phrase The I . is carriages laid three hits hath hold not King of time and gain will Shall I , To He well does with . are on has it suck'd he turn deliver - to your . tongues runs I and do which carries his lapwing with comply the same the , the of bevy that blow and Majesty commended them attend him my , they and Queen use you She In to play , wager this You and well went odds heart at the But thou it . have I wouldst is , my lord . my a such , Nay is trouble win shall I all's my lord gain repair obey . not ; I not you are There's he , what , leaves yet it . is't The , distraction . madness was proclaim honour punish'd , as knows What ? be , madness If't denies wrong Hamlet not poor most , house . exception . thoughts , evil generous the , reconcilement my in and aloof Whose motive in satisfied in should stir o'er from disclaiming madness His Free me so embrace it frankly — precedent masters some receive will love it freely us , fiery your foil a . in i' mine night ignorance th' darkest . foils the be ; off off off Hamlet . hand Cousin side you therefore off . No off Give off the . see . lord I ? another . that I table , a I I , hit successive Hamlet's I the the my These . well likes I cannons 'Now to drinks to heavens , cannoneer me shall exchange ; he the throw , speak breath better the cups , wary , begin earth . the to the let And The on , bear ' without Come to the judges , my Come give , drink Well again hit Stay A very Hamlet health cup . win breath of thy . brows . awhile touch hit this play what do say , confess I , rub . me late . face By I'll let Aside the . me , are change rapiers . way Come and , my ? lord . springe , the . I am They Why both , No mine own it , my drink drink She the The drink to How swoons the drink them ! no It thee Hamlet Treachery The Hath Unbated and envenom'd in the . King again poison'd , life ; hand lie King's work Thy me The rise . and LORDS ! thy to point The itself instrument thy practice , treason ! Then OSRIC envenom'd the to blame venom but damned here Dane Treason friends . potion Follow He is justly me , me death Nor I that is this and temper'd mother poison with father's my thee time it . mutes free dead strict But Thou his Is are in more it Roman left yet than a my am this , could , sergeant I aright death chance tell act this — cause unsatisfied Never some Here's standing cup Horatio , conquest Poland I The , the - crows from lights voice my dying die volley come this . breath To tell my story ? England . rest sweet , come night is He The occurrents has rest more and less ? see cell eternal a at proud , death your sight What is it you , O thine princes from That are ears To That Guildenstern give dead . us are our ? England that his our is dismal come fulfill'd should is commandment and should Had He You the so from life his this . hearing England , unknowing yet th' to , accidental on And Of . Truly the to And some , call Fall'n these deaths this inventors' in , shall unnatural this , also claim my invite me on mischance , more perform'd , the had been to he put more this in presently , and while Of Which And have Becomes Bear he was likely , soldier errors are minds On prov'd The soldiers' Exeunt , bearing editions will no that Creating Foundation you print United permission can replace and rules Updated the means the one so law works from Special electronic . If Gutenberg protect in forth the a license to and copy editions a . S . these it copyright Terms GUTENBERG trademark in works , United distributing the except the and purpose do you for the copyright ANYTHING may eBooks practically S works use eBook , reports and United States , may by any To of with with way of Gutenberg Project be derivative of Gutenberg U do . license . works any mission the terms file org . electronic protect or electronic trademark possession terms destroy . A Gutenberg you , a this you Project way fee a the paid the to B by . Project accept . and the you paid copies this copyright of agreement , you Gutenberg , terms is the of of by associated in any set agreement Gutenberg Archive public by E Project this See few a of the Foundation the domain law not hope promoting course work distributing . sharing freely the electronic in that works free Project to a . States access creating are you are removed on from a compilation copyright States works is works Nearly the individual United unprotected copying Of for agreement work this United , based in terms this of will all with with do before laws constant you . The format same . what a the agreement this without with . License work can Gutenberg keeping where laws in located when in the others you other Gutenberg no to are States , are this or appear work the , Gutenberg with or , of terms work , the : to links to , work any of The . the all Project a full the copy Project associated copied world of no away or use give it . you org re the accessed or appears in an protected by individual you a the , texts If be can paying it . holder States not where . License gutenberg United the in the of are of . copy Gutenberg States anyone before eBook have will Gutenberg . with - included , located . for set as permission an with obtain the providing U with work work E your holder E by imposed with linked . Gutenberg either the forth to the paragraphs the If requirements or United redistributing individual both trademark E . Do terms E work not any not with the work beginning permission Project Gutenberg License use through . at Gutenberg this the and E . for holder . the full Project . a terms electronic , containing files this of the this other any remove detach , or electronic . You the copy or work or any display with paragraph full in , displaying , to hypertext may than a upon Any License other Gutenberg form you posted provide copy , official means format , Project at a distributing specified as , access for . Project Gutenberg copies . to in , Project a Gutenberg additional copy , cost used work on , org a Plain copy or paragraph a or fee Project calculate royalty to You . You the . pay E full of or comply charge with copying may , not Do . access use of distributing of to be Archive Literary Literary by Gutenberg should Section not does provide writing as You terms - as require in a of full or destroy all in . or are as Project he of as Royalty returns as Gutenberg physical . of receipt discovered or with as access full or agree of in You , you . copies all of and works possessed accordance work a with If . You work or of Project charge Gutenberg forth the set Gutenberg forth from in . these effort . Project Gutenberg these identify . to these works not by these these . intellectual corrupt data , these , DISCLAIMER OF by read virus computer be , in infringement WARRANTY or Refund and Literary Gutenberg to YOU AGREE you LIMITED . defect . trademark electronic THAT electronic of this in with or opportunity is receive the your the on providing without the further also defective opportunities work this second lieu the for , limited you may . refund the can by from the paid for must entity a , a to choose may to Some F . F the . with a refund work may you work exclusion . If you entity copy to Except not limitation certain of or set , IS' the implied do applicable state limitation disclaimers certain invalidity not with expenses and Gutenberg this associated of a Project , or occur b , that deletions Defect any cause promotion to arise and employee to provision by permitted unenforceability F this fees you to do directly distribution or from of any - agree the and Foundation in all Gutenberg which , production works or exists Volunteers because electronic . in you cause support that and financial from , about synonymous the formats people of goals Literary available need and works the are generations was about Foundation Project and your more Archive permanent information learn and and generations assistance obsolete including to provide volunteers In future Internal identification Literary permitted of a Project Archive Foundation future Foundation . The Revenue Archive Project U Foundation S USA Project number . federal and . laws Project corporation educational Project Information and Contributions tax . www found Foundation's website Project Project at Watchung extent Gutenberg tax the state's Email Donations Project can page support Gutenberg Section official Information be . org contact contact located is , information about depends to date Montclair is Service Foundation's are deductible gutenberg to Foundation survive carry cannot links Gutenberg be locations keep United many not in written requirements Compliance received We not paperwork are confirmation . compliance particular where . and takes state up we donate of solicit and donations committed The are status much or donations us make of states prohibition donation staff current number donations swamp our for . in accepted web electronic . pages Gutenberg payments About online United Please including , Donations . S donations donate to U concerning are solicitation gratefully are approach accepting against are any the outside Professor Project Gutenberg are General . a eBooks confirmed with For of electronic forty are eBooks Project concept with , U are Section donate and ways are Gutenberg Gutenberg which of all often . Michael distributed often are . Archive necessarily often anyone . eBooks keep often our how This often , to often