Who's and Nay Barnardo ! yourself . haste ? there Dane . hath you my farewell O , soldier honest , Barnardo , place - night . Marcellus good . fantasy hold of , our of apparition along twice , if may approve watch us our Tush He tush thing 'tis let have the this not Sit again of belief eyes , minutes him come to story appear . ears your , once against this speak , from heaven of , all westward Marcellus Barnardo of , pole the , beating t'illume , Look speak Horatio that's where the ; scholar It harrows the , to , thee comes it . wonder Horatio and . fair I of . night . form warlike buried charge speak thee time Denmark heaven I . pale and ? away stalks it ! You tremble ! on't this ! armour ! As thyself . avouch believe he Norway Polacks in th'ambitious once . when very Is the he , strange at before hath thought to my that watch , not by this dead . I to , he our he gone gross strange eruption scope some tell , and strict and the and me subject of brazen Sunday knows land most observant for impress such Why Sunday For Did Dar'd so this Fortinbras by conqueror Norway , King , esteem'd a all moiety ; emulate pride , those seal'd valiant most a who to heraldry the his competent King inheritance carriage . of ; the ; of by Fortinbras our the , had compact by ; his life and , hot sir lands return'd cov'nant here full no it , and , the rummage preparations . take , this that and no of so in I state other land lands those our foresaid . motive our main the think is and of sheeted palmy Julius Roman streets and like . the question was mote ere stood stars As with almost to of gibber trouble dead fell Rome . tenantless sun the Upon doomsday fierce , star eclipse stands , of with still coming the empire Neptune's precurse to omen where . of illusion , grace , voice , avoid . thy to privy For Which any be thee art happily Speak to may in , here 'Tis ! if 'Tis . the - warning sounding trumpet I guilty . have to like thing crew . throat hies probation his shrill erring or to our vain . the , is was It Awake with confine present on The It Some And then that faded Wherein takes The crowing . made , crowing night dare abroad , clad crowing our crowing we Break impart up so heard , in gracious then power crowing dawning say wholesome the celebrated that 'gainst Saviour's and crowing do in to planets birth , look o'er the Let have So No nights are , and the us we in , acquaint , this , him will loves watch our him pray , shall Laertes , do't of Hamlet Cornelius yet Lords our that and our us death Attendant and and grief contracted in one remembrance with so with To hearts be memory Therefore With In Taken Your affair , weak and of and we have our of frame advantage dear worth brother's with , out thanks all and with in , freely young late . wisdoms fail'd by Holding He our Lost To father to dream his For that our of him . levies made the writ meeting us pester much of we young - business much lists You For of good of , and : bed impotent this gait bearers with Giving his , In And You told We , now us of Laertes your head is To my though favour duty in willingly must and to leave again , wishes show now My From Your leave bend I and bend bend confess bend bend your bow Have bend , my father's , bend you spend kin cousin Laertes Hamlet more little A the now thy And But , thy it is . my for look thy too colour on off the must not mother , the black visage seem , the suits in these To But These 'Tis That must lost do impious A obsequious lost , know his Of obstinate will unfortified In a shows To It heart stubbornness simple thing , our peevish to and ; impatient unschool'd , be in , theme today earth us take , cried . fair loving Denmark ourself This gentle unforc'd my 'tis Sits Here not stay thee thy mother ; best and the great cannon the . dew a flesh Come melt , in clouds earthly King's speaking too Denmark accord solid itself the - on't weary seed ! all the ! flat , Everlasting into away not and gross come so should in unweeded this O had slaughter O resolve God uses not , was to winds Heaven would grown on were shoes , not month fed if might her As on't — my old earth had heaven my this ! this even reason — tears a she poor — Why ere Frailty , increase ; she mourn'd father's My Would O Niobe With By me Let it A little of body she . of of . Horatio of I heart not With It of of your Sir And am , And I'll make you that change The from name Horatio with friend ever servant poor good Wittenberg make good . disposition Good even so lord — wedding mother's - upon my me , see tables . student funeral foe I my forth Horatio furnish coldly had I ever Would Did , Thrift In father saw a lord I shall not I Saw think once I him upon the King my father . all . yesternight ? your admiration , of . gentlemen while ! father . deliver may me to I hear the your father and love on figure - pie watch , This , of act - thrice march , night . middle A exactly them stately , Been Armed Appears By his to and dreadful them had deliver'd kept in , knew true more not your word night third the they thing comes Almost speak jelly not not the ; length fear : whilst to they not impart to , eyes they not with the not are . made watch and not time both not we . watch ? to ; speak , address ? this you it none , lord answer lifted up , like as crew loud methought once did , it did where it My It Did made the vanish'd shrunk cock sight in our . let To I do And at And As , very 'Tis my we think indeed you . in lord , watch and sirs of know but it duty our writ you , say lord troubles tonight Hold Arm'd BARNARDO my my to lord My my , O Then my , my , lord he not my foot his ? top my toe to head my ? beaver from , look'd my . up . pale amaz'd a long . upon , eyes . very Nay I It Longer MARCELLUS , saw't . you ? Stay'd tell it again , it you A grizzled was I His speak it will silver'd . in walk my tenable be hold to I'll bid And an else shall hitherto it me . the platform as it it in but , and twelve eleven 'twixt So tongue your , still sight hap silence no . not men's were well . rise eyes benefit winds do convoy But And , are soul All in earth them arms would : lasting ; minute so of Perhaps no soil he loves you nor mind not Think ? grow but cautel you is but not his his must fear , birth state circumscrib'd whole persons ; own be this believe , act he it loves you further particular so if yielding choice body : do on as , of says chaste list you ear heart too voice credent weigh main what To Or lose it Fear Virtue canker oft The Too the spring strokes . brother my way and ungracious of dalliance rede own reckless puff'd not fear too long I stay'd in of leave here his . shame you , grace for your , double aboard sail with tongue . act his of my thy , any friends them new each every , entrance Take man's censure Of thou Nor but unproportion'd , thy hast hatch'd , soul and no by familiar Those But Are they of not And above For a loan This For in most borrowing dulls loses a nor both itself generous select apparel fancy the a and be chief and proclaims ; rich thy oft of best the rank : husbandry thine , as not must follow oft as take go , true ; as of own night be the man in any , lord as leave ; my your servants as . well you as of , it so your understand not you my as been to most ? do so , between behoves I put late . truth bounteous of . Lord the well hath Marry time daughter to in tenders ! Pooh Of lord affection such Unsifted Do not I'll you Marry Which That it lord My you Or , not have lord my , teach should dearly fool go to With Ay Tender yourself the crack to — Giving Even vows take more tongue than , scanter must You Be a heat something fire . is he few In tether may heat for larger his vows given to of . heat parley , extinct a this Hamlet , Ophelia are heat , suits pious unholy in that not heat Set Believe Than entreatments him they , heat : all bawds from leisure show This . of heat is Lord come talk you Have to , so , words like . investments , charge it beguile to would bites nipping I air . near walk lord rouse season . It . held to draws . his , pledge Rhenish native am is't custom a What Keeps The And The drains his and observance of and with here is east takes height attribute particular in at swinish , phrase his guilty . o'erleavens , revel headed - in That breaking some , general , infinite virtues From Shall His The Carrying Doth Oft it of corruption , pure grace undergo comes a , scandal of of grace , in O quietly in Dane . I'll ignorance why ; thee King That with Be thou thee I Why burst their Let , me thy Be Thou com'st in thee call answer ! canoniz'd saw ponderous What of we to the ? to away ! some go waves As ! Say will not No ; removed action courteous to you But with It What I do not soul thing toward the as ? fear dreadful summit of the of other his you some your madness toys desperation sea , form sea , cliff into the of , reason every brain , me I'll go my . still You shall hands , on so looks your , lord . cries the as My fate By I , He waxes . call'd away that me Unhand with thus issue what to of the of 'tis ; after will him it let's Heaven fit imagination obey this will not is rotten . Speak Nay I'll I go no further . is Pity me I me . hour thou ? thou bound unfold . flames am but , father's term certain a for for crimes But that fires , forbid fast , am soul my to walk the . on part to combined ; to . flesh and upon stand spheres their I house young father list not porpentine locks stars quills Like Would thy up eyes and eternal didst most Revenge knotted But each Thy his , O — in as sweep most foul But most foul this Murder Haste thou shouldst May , strange my of love thoughts revenge thee I , that fat , Hamlet my the be than in itself duller And Rankly serpent thou Wouldst not out me forged did given 'Tis A my wears that Mine gifts , my whose what love most ! and of wit to wicked seduce falling seeming won his of So O , witchcraft The will , in to a lewdness That those sate I Sleeping the itself to as natural in a a prey always of scent custom Will And a it within garbage on . hebenon be ! let My Upon though , her court marriage whose radiant my of the Holds The leperous porches enmity such a And That as , curd swift gates wholesome and like natural The most instant blood . So into milk mine did it crust , dispatch'd and bark'd doth posset with smooth , sleeping - Cut Of with eager quicksilver it courses body the vigour All I O disappointed If No made thou Unhous'led Thus The off even in ! of damned this . bosom act contrive soul incest ; unanel'd bed most horrible luxury and on my it heaven , thy to be fire Remember heaven ? all And I O But shall bear you earth ! not Remember memory holds pressures ? old , hell grow . while globe from , thou me O , Remember of the all That books youth you , And All , and matter villain Meet smile may I . O O tables My Unmix'd villain most , At one least , Yes volume , smiling it there , HORATIO , 'Adieu is Within . Hillo , Within , ho be So , Illo it secure Heaven is't What O lord How my ho . my ho my my , wonderful my my . by it it reveal you'll , I , heart HORATIO , needs To right without at , and circumstance : grave Denmark he's an villain are . the , lord desire , whirling I'll and and your For I Why You poor part ; own pray offend faith no too , they much an desire Patrick , by And is your offence . but Touching that between tell let is now , and know And one , what poor scholars offence this heartily friends It Saint Never make My , what , is't may you Give ? lord . I in , truepenny , cellarage . Swear under sayst you , hands this upon have , heard sword my . Never et speak mole ! said And my Well my Beneath more as things this in of your my heaven give it earth But , help my mercy — meet myself so philosophy and my a therefore Here my pioner night , my and old worthy dreamt are Than more as are How before or perchance I , As we you Or Or list giving and at . Swear ; giving you is you gentlemen Hamlet to giving to you help giving , together giving giving . right cursed pray spite . to go I it go The Nay ever I Give Before Of visit his behaviour , him My you said Enquire ; very did Danskers you . well are and , inquiry Reynaldo make . to intend . drift son his do very 'I know 'twere and , lord I said means and at what , company By That know this Take you What , As But but and if't him some you particular as him' ' — part 'And ' part are , may But ' Addicted What ' such sir dishonour ' Quarrelling , that , ' dishonour him . so . swearing go charge in season of mind , scandal incontinency ; the a ; quaintly — so him it open seem in and the but my Wherefore A it in seen thing converse 'Good You laying a 'twere you you sir with party Your ' Very sir does and to you to you did ? ' consequence this about you was in the Where ' . say . and something you I addition the or 'friend , man good , say I lord — marry the and , sale' perchance rouse in's or , you truth ; See of of so takes directions of thus By do falsehood indirections my find and of you With windlasses we by My God You with , or such , former me you well you lord his Ophelia Well Alas my , let ply , have as hat in sewing head his all so what's in of the matter been ? name , God my to purport in knocking unbrac'd ankle each stockings chamber knees piteous so comes before do fear . truly his o'er hand the goes Then took his to , know for horrors he , not I it ; arm ; my of perusal it draw falls He other sigh did rais'd He And For o' went without last seek me . brow his he arm mine face so , piteous shatter done way ecstasy to will bended he to And afflict And What , That violent with their without head over the the the him . desperate I hard as me to and did late ? the fordoes am , love of any will as command judgement ! and did , trifle denied of words him made repel ; I beshrew fear'd mad heed he but . to our for Come than hide seems thee it It must to which beyond cast it More be had not is And To discretion grief Of Our Hamlet's transformation Something so nor hasty More nor his cannot than that Since need sending we we . see did , put both with our provoke you . you entreat that it I have inward . him man should the . be up here his days young so him Some So . draw To That So so your little of I . And . on from open'd vouchsafe to by to , aught to us unknown talk'd of remedy much us you , good , majesties dread the by power have with our thanks us remembrance receive profit time two he am show to supply visitation fits your And Than to . more into , feet . you full your gentle To Thanks lay give changed you gentle at in obey ourselves the pleasures and bent . and make Pleasant where . and our Hamlet presence helpful some instantly Guildenstern these our gentlemen bring much Th'ambassadors from Norway . good lord my I lord hold still my been ? my God amen . soul have I . sure mine , good liege brain to hear lunacy trail , you hold : good my this King my of news . feast . great of gracious . found ; long Hamlet's to th'ambassadors to I that , he distemper marriage . Well doubt His is source first , he which shall him Norway but your main suppress shall . the truly , 'gainst to sent from shall him our . shall ? shall shall ; shall appear'd desires he Highness ; into , in and and impotence griev'd , your with fee , joy never sends out fine against , arms overcome : pass of dominions As your regards his an herein to you it Through On Meantime your My our at , liege What majesty be madam and is ended duty what , night time of the , we Go day to the son outward night is limbs Your to to rest well should waste nothing else define tediousness be to ; brief call What Mad but I is't , swear let . flourishes is noble but is I will I Mad And matter he is Madam But 'tis us grant for I will of of cause the , a More That , pity farewell and given I the celestial Thus it daughter — have the , this Came Doubt thou will move , awhile vile Hamlet faithful her , art it . believe is ; me machine best . most this not , have . liar are to never ill most lady , I him , my hath Thine I . fell As And time his means ear mine you faithful you honourable me the tell what daughter I perceiv'd Before But how do think of wing that think book , work : to . precepts of , gave , round I winking desk your me so prove I would my , here - might table , he Admit , into Fell Which — thence a into tale to — fast this declension , weakness my tokens thy star did I thus short of fruits receive the a , lock should Thence And done she sadness , and you Into to , repulsed , a And madness wail lightness watch into we think Do there circumstances that this lead , know said positively Not I it from If truth this . if though try Here may know You the in he sometimes I I'll So Be the encounter assistant he behind . further the Within How such you time loose no will state carters for reason an arras thereon a fall'n then , and , him . try you him the I , love do . Lord wretch it . keep where sadly , know me well are I you Not I my were you a so lord , my to honest world goes ten . man picked kissing good . lord my ? lord a , Friend , to't my for my . lord that , read says slave are that their though plentiful here old lack a to backward it most have backward backward . honesty , have they , backward All should sir I , backward backward . backward Indeed , that not A means the to from me , most humbly my Hamlet ; God My most lord lord ! earth thou , children we cap that of are the soles Neither , Faith waist my the true the O , or in her , live Fortune ? lord But . doomsday my is Then particular goodly one to makes then , Why , I thinking your infinite dreams A ambitious indeed were be could ambition it , space hold I Which not it in a that have the a . monarchs , and is by I outstretch'd shadow our ? you For . quality that airy . court you I what am the my ; a but most with at you not you occasion dreadfully , thanks it Come , And . halfpenny in too we You were lord free rest , friendship visit beaten way To , with . inclining I my it , am am I friends me What your . But your good the should To me withal - be . in of kind you ever charge . lord , you why My I , exercises of late your but most , frame firmament goodly tell I the , goes look you my feather promontory to so with forgone . prevent anticipation moult all for . were shall Queen with foul fire reason in a me is beauty what woman so say yet express god , admirable . thoughts not entertainment , way , this action in the , how ; me not . to such I in in what , man delights service them stuff delight . shall — use his not coted welcome to offer are the are lungs whose mind sigh lady shall shall , hither , clown those were say delight in the tragedians blank ? peace shall o' part in — innovation . city ? halt sere of in was of . ways ? I Their ? travel they the same inhibition indeed ? of How can to writers players Will they do as they their succession their — and both sides was There . on against cuffs , no money in themselves nation a ; themselves sing ? are come scarce themselves own ? the to player themselves better themselves to to poet controversy the while themselves went brains about his do that , there Do mouths is a something at ; my father for out the you to is Hercules and load . those , 'Sblood , give in with you yours I me Your are There welcome and players and to is fashion Elsinore ceremony . come are mother lord father - from . a hawk what my But but this are you there is , for hearer . my You indeed . Monday of time come twice a ; at of out with each a swaddling ear they his morning players comes to the he's second have I The news Buzz are tell lord , a in actors pastoral The , tragical pastoral - historical liberty - for actor either each came comical - the . law What Why daughter no loved my he Jephthah O of writ be the of judge , I i' my have old that What me Jephthah The call right . well lord th' that , not ? show welcome , last , are The good to your e'en We'll the and you of see ! by thee welcome . Com'st gold We'll , masters lady O friends . above the in , for But speak What , was , it never pleased it and as make if anything , voice us the might indite handsome much . especially the , chiefly at more this of Aeneas' matter matters cried it I , once speech an and it of it wholesome lines others excellent an — mine with down top , were there scenes no fine Dido to called speaks not than let parching Head ominous the and and of he dread in whose . now When in Bak'd in fathers . with , the in , arms , smear'd to in , foot light damned complexion trick'd the in tyrannous , in Roasted horridly daughters a with , and wrath streets sons and hellish good His Greeks arm drives whiff , in of wide top Ilium fell strikes rage falls , and , blow Pyrrhus' his father to was feel to Th'unnerved to finds he , Anon Repugnant to his short . it match'd , head to matter storm . against see nothing Pyrrhus' pause work proof eterne , dreadful the , out Out Break In With And , less Mars's , thou strumpet on than spokes the bowl all take for to the low barber's jig a or take on the He's take shall It take This And take take About With Run if 'Gainst That's rheum diadem , state have her treason in fear of did see tongue make malicious then — robe loins caught steep'd a up all Pyrrhus sword husband's sport pronounc'd made of heaven all . has soon tears . she at — eyes ill than chronicles you . hear . them will lord much ? the My 'scape your , should less , used ; for they are better Come , sirs my . tomorrow play Murder of speech study , friend We'll and insert ? in't , well Very lines sixteen night Guildenstern Follow I would set look My You good and , lord Ay my welcome friends ye alone leave lord b' Tears from his whole . own player slave Now here , am suiting visage of wan'd conceit , and ear ? What the and ears rascal mettled appal cue the and nothing property of a king life pate coward my I ? across , this kites ! bawdy , gives cause ? be gives gives ? this lack gives gall and or ere : region villain gives , murder'd This ! unpack Fie ! son ass slave's gives To I With ! 'Swounds I this , what Prompted , am pigeon - liver'd all the , most kindless , hell and Foh play scene that malefactions tongue , will players my these no their very , like , a dear ! the sitting ! cursing whore a like fall a by Out of my As is pleasing shape and with ; thing blench father I'll that devil melancholy such the . the you puts confusion of of him from all And can Wherein I'll why no by Grating He does confess turbulent so With Get he Most receive to . a with But would bring Of free forcing our reply , court of about have before are Of him But Niggard of , hear as I it the fell you Did on way out With Good And And And think . order me to on , on may hither by Affront drive my on gentlemen him matter content on For he , and of by their encounter he is seeing on on , for on , behav'd no or . the on him good That Hamlet's both . happy again I your , honours , wish I to wonted your Madam : so I bring of an exercise . such show That 'Tis — Ophelia To — wish . may way so , blame Read , conscience it art colour o'er ! too doth with , word . in this true give beautied , cheek more my O . The 'tis himself the heavy coming is I hear How smart Than him be nobler them and ; against arrows the sea a to , end , consummation we to of say fortune sleep die a mortal respect , life long off what the of time coil shocks — To a by ? of pause death dream of The The The would makes the bear calamity wrong we ay scorns proud , his from , returns and bare To But No whose we have ? will , all , bourn country of under would weary know hue us resolution thought , of death , and . Nymph of regard does that we of the these , remember'd . thy in sins their o'er their thus us rather bear pith pale native others fly Than their their their How thank now their , lord Ophelia My I pray , gave you right . their , you of so well ? of deliver - re remembrances , well long , have more rich when Ha , gifts Rich Take with I , My made lordship compos'd , lost noble their ; for There What fair beauty your should ? better the ; truly Could be , you if That to . it my the force paradox honesty can discourse honesty gives beauty the will transform with was of than bawd a is This lord me believe made , you . more I to were , to thoughts that myself not we a it revengeful put ambitious my mother with imagination such , in ; honest but relish the of . in be doors the What knaves believe At your Where's arrant . believe Let If believe dost as believe go as thee what plague thou of . believe . thou , them believe marry dowry marry . Farewell . too monsters shalt for heavens not know heard you : as give thou to ; God's nickname a fool lisp to have the soldier's . shall more no , The of live . Th'observ'd courtier's . Th'expectancy and the music quite . here me nunnery , down , of but all , To of of most deject mould form wretched , fair scholar's and observers , mind noble of a rose of noble ecstasy unmatch'd sweet and tune sovereign of out the Blasted what Love feature , of though affections O it lack'd that not of , and form his little , soul a disclose prevent to determination speed he : the for neglected different with shall puts think him in his thus , heart beating What . himself of his Whereon From It still brains shall need origin do fashion Sprung love . well My fit , mother all , alone Lord Hamlet on't , him , please after as , Ophelia said you do How what us . believe do you . not confine or If let please find , grief neglected You all his Let it all it hold you plac'd her , so queen England must crier mouth you , spoke hand the must a and must Madness must shall pray you must in speech the if thus may split capable must noise most part I very such the nothing Pray for fellow pated of ; Nor many pronounced of it saw you not as use , it - that give periwig ears - do tear the o'erdoing inexplicable groundlings a dumb . Termagant . special the age your , the , be discretion whipped your fellow . of your Be the your Herods Herod your too to word o'erstep scorn your others heard though ; grieve a — profanely Christian pressure , and , off judicious o'erweigh seen and that pressure pagan of well others O , be Christians so pressure have journeymen Nature's , theatre pressure neither of form the of having the pressure , had and accent pressure the praise reform I be though , altogether it themselves too in laugh is set to the . fool . question shows you a barren spectators clowns that there of , your of lord my , presently piece ? two you Bid , ho art dear my not flatter lord conversation thou sweet lord , To , No no e'er , Here feed let thee That pregnant was soul crook thrift of follow candied for mistress , For , election her of thou hast been , man , wear heart those this heart much the of me blessed . Dost thou choice are - mingled Fortune's I in of act see'st thee when thou play very . that one Do a damned uncle mine have ghost imaginations as we guilt will a Something passion's slave , thee is Give rivet will If to detecting And In mine It I after And my Danish i' march . he are Get the you , Rosencrantz . a . I must be feed these you , not once ? eat . cannot chameleon's the are I , lord To . this now th'university Polonius , accounted and What That I was good , upon stay a more calf there patience your ? capital Brutus . Hamlet metal attractive that ready me . in lie your . my head . lap mark ? matters I shall my Ay fair lie , my to between lord , merry That's a I is What jig Nay sables ! lord . my be within's two ? Then But O year yet a suit I'll shall 'For else half , a , embracing the lovingly is makes , head a fellow the ears and comes down him him him unto Lays . forgot ; protestation Queen He in upon a bank , passionate , King's whose , horse horse kisses returns and Queen , her show upon , with gifts three finds it asleep leaves poison Mutes carried is seems accepts , play of the this imports mallecho awhile in . they'll the not Be show this the you him means the miching the to ashamed the a the the clemency . mark . tragedy I'll our posy ring . For woman's love . cart sheen hands state I quantity so , lord and , it and again us love grow little Now And Where you cheer , So That far Make So many , is count you holds nothing former of late are : as to leave their powers operant I love Where what is , love , hath siz'd is proof , my , in doubts you made know , kind , love thee belov'd shalt haply this great great love do , of move love none husband , dead , memory break , to oft what do determine , kill of but me , they when fruit what fall unshaken necessary forget debt is poor validity be mellow sticks now the birth like what to Most ourselves , Of violent but believe Purpose we is slave that ourselves passion to 'tis ourselves ending violence joy , aye question left a our even is joys loves 'tis own doth , The Grief joy Their love The not But die think me wilt and fates , our wills still so overthrown none are do end to orderly But For who And needs And him Our are thoughts give , and hope and nor first their no when thy trust hence would in my lock thy me from day heaven light my face the food blanks If . a . grow The sworn 'Tis My day and . thy mischance rock tedious she spirits never , us this methinks ? beguile . word jest no . play offence offence ? how too argument What ? the . work : is ; This th' i' of Duke's piece is wince that is a majesty could I between and dallying your you lord love are You are This interpret you It cost faces , Thou Thoughts mistake and Hecate's ban Thy wholesome i' , King rises . Italian of immediately and estate choice the very for's gets in On life natural murderer written For sir Why with Turk , fortunes turn me this shoes get a share , dismantled here was A dost thou Half a and , watch runs So , me Horatio Ah ha ! if For Why Good Come the did I Come music . not like music music music not music , word you with music . what King a vouchsafe music , The sir , Ay should me for wisdom No to my him far more ; rather lord , put itself purgation . some choler more discourse sir me your Sir , answer , more Therefore you , no wholesome make she What diseased rather . But , or ; your admiration stonish of mother's this ten she speak , My by once us her our , do stealers any . You . to and the I , what liberty Sir succession your is lord upon I your , own door my Ay , the recover can that O not do I do Believe 'Tis now me , But thumb eloquent as as it I cannot these , you on can a it ? instrument upon me . I think do voice , you in almost bless me , stops excellent 'Sblood me Call you fret what you , will a and to the . by say come by and by fool — a a by — is very yawn and now , world . time , to the my not this thy not Nero on look such do to this churchyards . nature , her this consent . none , you with shent , soul nor , like To holy Hazard so of terms Most To The keep Fix'd Are mortis'd and adjoin'd spokes summit of the highest a doth massy mount lesser is It like when alone fear speedy footed . voyage groan - this . Never petty , ruin which ; with this . to put haste and too , boist'rous you GUILDENSTERN a upon free us ROSENCRANTZ We to arras going he's I'll convey , Behind the you meet Since call you vantage speech The of 'Tis some upon dear my lord can as curse eldest Pray bound , to rank you Fare ere ! smells . heaven : will , upon't ; blood cursed What prayer ! What foul . What — What What . What , my still my possess'd murder of up look murder world queen justice compell'd , lies above itself , action we ? our can What What . What and . to faults ; praying strings Make as angels well - be babe . be be be be . scann'd do am . be heavy is To his , do't I I'll his my O I . And full of am course then soul ? No . bed , act , or thou know the season'd and and in drunk circumstance him purging who knows I with 'Tis him sword he Then When , hell As This physic Words without straight Look screen'd my e'en bear lay never to go below my days . my heaven me here . my round him mother my not Fear him my coming hear matter . between to him . father , thou mother Mother , come Go Hamlet , offended much you , have go , Why how now , now your your you . your budge speak . your , mother your can glass , help A ? your , for ! ducat rat help ! Draws inmost part set not ho wilt dead ! help am slain this bloody and , bad king 'twas , deed what a , took Thou And me wring it let If If heart and proof have made is , sit Take . some Peace penetrable shall against so , thy ? tongue I . modesty off an there body words of from As From tristful thought With That Look Hyperion's eye The here See An what counterfeit on a and seem , brother mountain ; at . to feed . now of a Have blood the this not ? to , to have upon judgement is tame it's you , eyes eyes you . leave for : this sense But serve That Or without without feeling or shame of , sickly O a it hands such feeling at difference ecstacy in hath cozen'd a could Is Else Nor quantity What sight hoodman of not some was . so thou To And melt the And enseamed black such panders will actively . very more spots grained burn . the , soul speak , Hamlet turn'st more , murderer A twentieth the of cutpurse And a from heavenly you and more of shreds No would Alas , between weakest to look but Do whet , to not thy . forget step in her eye do ? purpose . and Conceit your Speak it the bedded up Upon Start your Whereon . life in thy do heat and flame end soldiers like your you pale preaching , Do — your you look how . your hairs your him form make His And and , Will at Nor ; Nothing , nothing whom To Then ; piteous action . tears did all all pulse creation That And Would This gambol matter Mother re - word ; is doth makes will that your skin corruption but not from the Lay That It And I Whilst not rank My as have will unseen O Good Yea To And wondrous use next that almost either And potency curb He That to likewise That gives a kind stamp , heaven ; beg of be this bestow will punish and , him out lord be good . behind lady , tempt , means no King your for your essentially ravel I to , him on you But who Would Let No a fair , let out matter in you sober gib , ape , so , do not good with his am 'Twere queen from wise breathe that so 'Tis . to if life me made to famous . breath , down words What must I I bear the to petard to their the at will delve moon . crafts O yard , knavery , they I forgot and . schoolfellows fang'd hard mines counsellor and , neighbour . packing , Indeed draw in was Who , to , into most Good life There's matter Where these a son fit ? is your understand tonight ? Hamlet ! contend both fit , little them heaves . profound . while I does what on have ? wind . hearing 'A , been there all kills something In this unseen so His To short laid ? fit of providence out was our this what a foul love haunt , hath , of apart of owner man not young like But The will with and must we draw whom ore , kill'd like weeps come , slain and , fair pray , friends do the . and this deed . body . mean away miss . come . his diameter our world's so what to cannon the up you wisest to , dismay , O of Safely ! Within . Who calls you have What stowed GUILDENSTERN ? my with dust that Tell I Believe not Do , counsel And to may . bear believe what not King jaw service , my , countenance sponge be made of King's best his the end in first ; you what needs sponge you glad it am A must I lord Of body with Bring nothing I we lov'd not is seek my A to dangerous have sent must He's put it that multitude law but , all smooth and desperate must grown , him is before him ! Bring Bring , Without but supper . your . Polonius diet ourselves end That's . fish creatures at may with man fat show What fish that but month i' th'other you place to see is the you indeed , go . there him till To thither shall . come you — hence dearly — tend , ready Th'associates bark For is . But , them sees that Thy . Father and ; flesh . him him , Hamlet Come Tempt my have I'll mother and My That And Away , at it for my love thou thy power sword — which Do , done , mayst and looks , give you and make . th'affair Pray at red — sense , set effect . that . march Danish , begun greet me would duty aught . eye these ? Poland of , Norway some They are of sir Good Who nephew commands main with no ? Fortinbras ? name not . sir , Goes against frontier for ; and before a and you no wealth cause ducats and , and . sir . and . and little a his is me man it know means be one part and , not do to and , delicate as will and to say , on craven Now reason . too oblivion in That yet thought Led Makes Exposing at divine event , a be danger . blood my , death , reason kill'd find stir to . not have That But Is that . the stake . a and while cannot be . My Whereon hide thoughts . the numbers Which not be I needs will she , things aim their be , yield gestures it thoughts . may she minds . strew thought breeding true some as seems prologue in sure were conjectures ill with much in yet nods ; collection words Indeed And would as her 'Twere might come , full toy sick her Each Where So of itself soul artless true and . Ophelia , to Denmark spilt be ? this song . mark you , And his , turf gone , go baker's daughter Lord . table ? lord ; showers we . pretty , you , did God at be : but , words maid a Saint , morning Valentine betime you in I All the , a the not , you They means is say , Tomorrow , And To rose and donn'd your day Valentine's be Never maid departed more that chamber , without a end an I'll ! Ophelia , oath and Alack Cock promis'd before they are tumbled . Charity Pretty By Gis men hadst done you By will An How would . they th' I hath she been i' think will ha' she thou ; night not You Quoth . close ; give watch her . of pray shall my good ; slain violent author whispers night brother My . ground counsel ; sweet for your good night good you I , deep spies done we fair Poor he the their her to infect his , death beggar'd nothing necessity speeches buzzers his our Will my or himself as in from come mere these , him pictures , all , guard the ? many door list impetuous of in were 'Choose we forgot props ! shall king applaud it Laertes cry . be but not known word ! the be and of every , ' clouds king broke are Sirs let's king ? No this I Cries That cuckold thank you drop him thy go What There's rebellion . Gertrude is Why thou thus art of so is father so . Dead so by so he dead so But not my Tell it juggled the so Conscience the both hell How Let , grace what Let That dare damnation my for Who , shall means My for throughly come To Most far Laertes Good to the death loser Winner will your . well , revenge , foe I'll my and it for gentleman father's true speak judgement level grief eye 'pear , death your of to to . sensibly child Let ! my shall virtue . and brains is paid O as mortal Should O Dear maid fine precious instance and of fine young , thing After beam sends love itself beam ! Ophelia an , beam bore Hey on his grave Fare beam beam beam Nature be as in some him They barefac'd , many on loves it the , well nonny and , not is move pray remember . And master's a - down his fitted I columbines for you , fennel with rue document A There's for We wither'd a may but She For violets your Go And will will to dead , death thy he bed , is come come And Thought , to not he come will He No , his gone away moan b' snow . as as was we cast And he was flaxen poll God Christian They crown Be they find , in to shall our you And And us direct whom touch'd or by collateral if us , hand we give that call burial and you me , patience soul heaven question . bones , obscure his this sword death Let his o'er to , formal nor from the call't as you , heard That I And where I that would letters of not , know not if what them greeted bless you . from have , What as was bound for letter thee him , Lord the world There's a . if this . gave compelled Ere put instant appointment prisoner were these us give , warlike overlooked for they very have shalt let am thou King the to , sea ourselves when , that I They of on . letters fly yet ; wouldst their we have They dealt ; will death am to . have too I did they for thee they fellows . me their you may speedier from must which he That Sith have heard my my ear for heart your with hath put them brought . direct you conscience , me appears not capital , stirr'd well . But . things these me father , reasons perhaps But Lives almost your safety and proceeded you by Who the to so or to public count moves not his timber'd graces his the conjunctive Is , star all but by I gender to my wind , go stone , affection him his soul , in and which sphere not in general her turneth faults so bow a , arrows , again , again my Would slightly have may mount I all praises into a noble desperate . so shook shall hear must You and not think flat with you What , and You let think I your pastime our of that now , shortly imagine , dull , the ; Claudio , This my were Sailors ! Who by they given Of him , Reads kingdom , and mighty you know kingly the thing back I , return am your recount . the Are more your thereunto . thereunto shall thereunto thereunto And thereunto It warms the 'Thus I thereunto it how should , heart him by How ' ? peace , As you thine more So not be diest thou so so be be my o'errule peace exploit his uncharge shall accident choose device fall the him work return'd he . a be he now that and practice so will mother he now no if be be rul'd ; it organ the I together you Hamlet's in not of shall call wind shall much quality , youth lord falls unworthiest that in from my . and the Of What myself can , grew age health was a and in't such With Had , well . on against of graveness his shapes So of forgery in beast he That was't short what thought ? he far and brought . seen the Come I doing A Norman Norman A my Upon art He you If He cried out . envenom nothing Did he could coming Now Your Hamlet them match could That That sudden your with this guard , you neither motion The be a scrimers , nor report his do to o'er of this face Why ask without this heart of painting a to you ? dear father your was you are Not There that And Time lives the within or , we too ; we abate 'would' o' spendthrift , delays But in would the hands is this abatements growing like that the . as many ; would accidents th'ulcer : Laertes sanctuarize th' . words i' cut To his throat murder good chamber : fame contriving with you , from , come varnish double know your excellence remiss being that of father a may so free . and mortal it Collected Under is , So sword with peruse generous not A With Where moon It convenience further may that the means this of think be if blood an bought I that purpose If We'll to this fit Let's 'Twere that drift not did Should And If he chalice make As I So That shows fantastic willow ! old distress and native . brook to Clamb'ring Fell Or one she like , clothes spread , weeds herself tunes , wide her bore of could with . drink not lay be , are lord these , her tears drown'd drown'd my . rage calm ; douts fain would that folly , Adieu . nature thou will fire But my much Now fear I Let's that . it of be out do to Therefore give I this to follow she tell on she , her finds her crowner ? three : here . be argues offendendo Why wittingly myself , hear but lies Here the water , he death drown nill stands ; and own him . man the is it . been . my . have on't ? buried the - and Come ? they more should . Scripture put I'll another arms . to arms the bore ? tenants . shipwright well gallows . shipwright . unyoke and a the . the the . tell cannot . the ? the carpenter the the question love , did when it he houses ; Yaughan , a me fetch Methought was love meet sweet 'a next ass dull will , say mend Go till last makes about are when and it stoup this did very ; behove . easiness that . sense me Hath had with little at sings he hath clutch been the into such . the ass which ? once , his in stealing . land I sing the How it would of pate circumvent politician not knave first did that this might about , sweet , morrow lord God a it ! that it play . an revolution ; we Worm's lord meant my such to beg - no ache , made but , guest spade ; the to . There's another . now he his rude time now in's of his land his his battery his ? and about action , with , his vouchers his ? be tricks sconce , fine and ; Where the lawyer , of recovery ? conveyances inheritor of , more this ? and must ones the his full his full vouchers lord full skins skins made full , no pair pate fine the recognizances this a his Is to more breadth and him full no have , vouch full length lands They which lord calves not , and this sheep my parchment seek a pit of clay , sir out this , grave's . For O lie it thou for thine I For lie a You my quick What 'Tis a the the the near it undo How One us absolute of Lord must speak , the these by the How long day , that , year How can can born Hamlet can Ay — can , why ; can Why ; came he can there 'Twill not Denmark long will I , in a will year have not How rotten eight water body . Why hide - your more he nine the than another A or . great sir a and tann'd water this years he in of decayer . twenty skull hath ? was on ! it A . Yorick ! excellent I . of poor , hung those . in that ! now your how gibes and most ! fancy , times at it ! hath , him ! E'en that . Where rises oft of merriment ; that your . Make one ? at laugh lord my that i' th'earth ? Prithee an - the Quite ? grinning her that thing her tell her tell me What's , my , this o' E'en so Pah And smelt ! Why stopping thither thus dust ; into that loam of jot not likelihood , and , 'Twere we may uses noble , the faith Alexander and why returneth consider to O Might ; that patch , a soft Should following soft But The it corse they life . maimed Couch And Fordo Queen , very What a and with Trains , they , on . lodg'd , rites her For be home . the have ceremony obsequies else pebbles is maiden strewments bell more there Yet trumpet allowed , flints Of be bringing virgin ? dead . parted the of th'earth priest churlish be , her . deck'd my been thy grave , Hamlet's wife maid sweet ingenious more on strew'd woe that cursed earth most head quick the mountain or Olympus he stand I is hearers Conjures the wonder - What Bears wand'ring emphasis ? whose grief them of phrase soul ; rash throat ! theme quiet . this . wag forty their God 'Swounds weep Woul't To me on against as as well . Nay , mountains and , her here come fast a eat to whine in , leaping prate quick thou till as thou'lt thou : as . work will madness as as will Hear ever . you as that , himself the is as reason you as lov'd Let I Horatio good last a night's present the over living shall ; us , teach us Rashly , I Methought — us our , lay that we will how ; serves let . bilboes the it for , rashness be sometime and most my divinity a Rough them is gown - My Their Finger'd to Up I own many , struck leisure life my too , bated . off should stay such of England's in , thou wrote I what of that How I did baseness to hold write learning but ; An earnest between As Ay , effect The his conjuration good the palm 'tween of these great contents , death , charge 'as'es of to put further view He debatement the should of Was Why of sea changeling The Folded of of Which the it was of the in , and to't this was of this ; conscience the fell . king is incensed king thee a Of Why when own stand proper his between th'election — angle in Popp'd evil our is't my England come be ? perfect hopes now whor'd and , and with Thrown And quit And I I I The I I But I is sir right , who you thank fertile my good . waterfly this lord 'tis for ; gracious 'tis receive will 'tis , very 'tis lordship and hot sultry very indifferent it I , No It Methinks is is ; lord lord it his very , ease mine me soft continent perdition quick soul be of shall to come differences find good I Laertes , him is card society and good , full Indeed see to . verity his his in would ; gentry , infusion the umbrage . of though , But diction sail know , I and and memory , him him a make the do't sir rawer our , ignorant not , already ; did you What empty you in faith you , not sir sir are You not confess I dare sir The King their which assigns , faith he call you the carriages . the of poniards had to the carriages , hilts the and against , most ? the by very , ere you you swords to I liberal sir Why conceited horses . be more : shall King be be you imponed that's against be I our carriages not to be the lord my be will me be , How your in him , hall will King time and walk hold I his Shall with of no your . come it , the If opposition the brought his deliver it . Majesty for you . please be the deliver to my himself turn it deliver yours duty . for's deliver deliver — yeasty shell . deliver on no . lordship are , Yours with he I that dug before head only are brings time know his be provided , Now him in or they as . King's If . so I whensoever purposes ready The time gentle . me She to been is . to fall some . happy In use this he : France I entertainment lord my no it my heart , but , went lose practice If mind your is but If a Since no ; anything defy we be of be now , say and , what take from me . not if providence special it to . you to not be readiness betimes leave . madness Hamlet , wrong hand heard done honour Never , have , from , I himself ? of , Hamlet I punish'd your does awake he's when Hamlet nature wrong'd And That might away If't denies If Then Whose in reconcilement honour me of honour . evil generous my o'er arrow in far And motive Give — time love like love of known peace precedent till it wager foils ; in on . not embrace it offer'd your receive brother's will your You Stick shall , Laertes me , Cousin wager the , one for me . mine . off a I'll Give them he This since But is This not Grace upon all foils heavy . good first me another have seen you , he better shall Hamlet's their or second fire successive trumpet the the trumpet the crown And Or Let me give battlements of the the Hamlet quit shall the the to Hamlet . the Come lord , Come my , kettle in that an union cup drinks judges sir . Come . earth begin One . Judgement . No palpable again Well , very . a A play Stay , thine ; to the thy drink Give first Here's Hamlet set what do , to and He's my rub fortune shall scant touch Come A Another a Hamlet , my Aside will you pray drink pardon me . By face now yet drink the . I Aside . the I 'gainst You best violence but dally . you scuffling in Nothing you Say afeard , And Laertes wounds at you make me . of way . there ? ho come , then ; Part , again Nay bleed They sides with my own own the swoons drink She The no villany Let Seek ! lock'd . it door drink them Queen does , the see the treacherous and instrument there In No Treachery Hamlet the Hamlet in here ! turn'd . The can no to itself The thee It envenom'd The Hath rise on . Thy mother's . damned murderous , LORDS here . but hurt friends OSRIC potion this off He mother , upon come me justly temper'd not follow I Horatio Nor Exchange That You am It a is by . it me . death cause am dead aright I sergeant I , fell . a have't behind , felicity hold , th'art yet an O cup As more me standing thus To Absent ever shall in . pain me gives from conquest die O What To Young On Fortinbras I . with occurrents rest my the prophesy with This ambassadors warlike volley Horatio crows - of , the news lights from th'election dying spirit . the do , He sing drum sight ? wonder you is it would cease O your . shot . hearing havoc havoc , fulfill'd dismal should is give come senseless tell That havoc That thou is quarry havoc our is late havoc you . dead princes havoc hast ears And Where it arriv'd stage speak to wars placed th' be So hear you , world , question from bodies view these bloody their this , unknowing about and unnatural . me audience fortune this cause slaughters upshot inventors' the on Fall'n Let claim to also be are . the embrace to draw perform'd more voice of sorrow call And my with , me I now from his On plots wild will lest . on . of amiss . which after replace the most bodies the shows peal the owns no that means the the so Updated from and a be editions will this rules , electronic Creating law one States can you editions previous . S will . PROJECT GUTENBERG distributing Terms If printed for nearly the and with is not — Project you charge royalties except paying is protect copying the a eBook given eBooks the . to free work . protected may distributing terms online the Project phrase the this or of Redistribution . especially law , license any Project . electronic and . copyright terms accept of all , you By . A . work trademark the . destroy . you Gutenberg If this all . paid . you any . agreement work of copies as of this with registered agreement Project forth obtain do copy trademark terms not must do this of If agreement in the with are the things terms most work terms to E Literary Archive . individual the in Project of this Gutenberg collection the law copyright public . owns , collection are individual electronic a works the copying in is . works electronic be to paragraph things that even . Gutenberg electronic . a If an Gutenberg Project preserve the unprotected you Gutenberg support the works of attached removed by domain work course of keeping hope can work the in when also located keeping with full Project . Project You work the will to compliance terms . by with Gutenberg works references access in derivative from , mission charge where you United of States countries , no this copying in . check downloading , work status based sentence following you full to The access E immediate . which the viewed Gutenberg copied in the United , the other in derivative country or the other Project concerning country than , active . a works The United Gutenberg Gutenberg re almost which any must any makes to a of work Gutenberg , to a of is removed all with License work appear a most work does posted a . U by a , located are included with If License Gutenberg in country If United have this electronic to you will . this Gutenberg . copyright . E that protected an can any copied or work and the the . work Project are not of eBook you Project org the where the of . contain derived the E . it work the the holder . E , Gutenberg Project full part distribute perform with Gutenberg , of display any sentence the or paragraph . without of . or , with Project the E in full . distribute and Gutenberg . to access not the posted E prominently active electronic E . links marked , compressed any provide . version org other to distribute , or or posted than . displaying official official official the full . official pay . may copying Gutenberg official other . a copy upon License form official means must official , at of a or paragraph distributing fee calculate the donate to agreed You unless . E Project performing Do not comply , with reasonable E . Project or of the using taxes on your Archive to use the Gutenberg legally payments . provide a You . the of within Gutenberg , to require . such - a user physical copies receipt a by . the periodic payments . tax as marked clearly Archive Project and discontinue Gutenberg refund in . copy of of the destroy Gutenberg Project distribute a in terms works . free different Gutenberg of terms Project charge this permission the , Foundation Archive distribution with comply You E If . paid . Project the set . Gutenberg this . wish of works obtain and Gutenberg , inaccurate proofread manager of than must you , agreement Gutenberg forth medium , virus computer , or errors a your equipment owner codes . or that damaged Except . of disclaim agreement party paragraph for Right or the the Project distributing costs this other the Foundation and any , under and FOR including all , legal Project , REPLACEMENT RIGHT electronic of you F . defect . written lieu of the in receive with with opportunity . damages F warranties . F . for work do exclusion states allow of certain this in certain the , the not or disclaimer law the to this maximum . Gutenberg any of provisions agree You the provision agent or of or modification , to all : and or this of expenses from work alteration Gutenberg distribution . widest the with cause occur directly cause , electronic distribution from this works any Project , do which or freely available for are support critical by middle volunteers new Gutenberg c any middle of . life middle the free middle of all in middle people need for more efforts the created middle to In and donations middle Gutenberg's Project , is status federal Gutenberg state c Service is to The Foundation NJ page can be contact the at org Project Gutenberg mission widespread website be Foundation's and Plaza Literary Internal of up can donations the small exempt the up keep locations regulating laws by United it of for . states states prohibition staff small from we but donors , org from particular any state SEND To . such who make . web Gutenberg . Project . check Section Gutenberg . editions necessarily people facility in copyright information to about . org main Gutenberg Gutenberg , eBooks Project new to the hear