? Who's Stand . Stand yourself unfold and Stand Stand upon thee sick am I Stand much struck And . Stand carefully come Stand 'Tis Stand you a Not thanks at 'Tis . Have mouse , watch If hear them liegemen I O farewell Barnardo And Give good good you the night who you Barnardo there of ! reliev'd night Marcellus tonight but twice our seen belief let not Horatio With our minutes take sight have entreated have will dreaded nothing good , thing 'tis this seen again ? appear'd this the watch if tush Well two fortified That What let so , And we down ears . our comes where one Marcellus westward sit night that's then beating that part of of Barnardo When now , yond made thee the In ; bell . art like with it that which art Together sometimes Most it that . of I . thee . charge time this , Horatio What gone and , See In ! Without ! Before , sensible own ? Of Is not thou Such ! Is it was frown'd As he the , and Polacks , th'ambitious he : armour ; combated the this at he thought what the strange scope to before martial In But in , This Good now nightly why And So Why Doth Sunday Had he the up unimproved Hamlet Norway list For in and stomach in't well recover doth it to But And As Shark'd a to which by it , take lands I , Fortinbras , same cov'nant design'd full , no strong unto ; young of diet , chief : figure so e'en rummage watch our other portentous this watch is that is to mote In So his it was Comes most gibber in mightiest palmy trouble high the Julius dews fire and Neptune's trains little the A The stars in tenantless and As And even sick influence the to prologue Unto , our though like the to ; and of blood star moist empire with doomsday of the . fates on demonstrated . it of comes again , voice fate , life of ! speak and , of Shall it Do which , Or Extorted they not with Stay womb oft walk it it will , 'Tis vain offer as For it , like a guilty crew the mockery cock our it to was And And of gone the To do about fearful lofty confine present in Whether erring the or herein . comes of 'gainst birth all that , dare no gracious witch wholesome , hallow'd takes fairy This and of made the is night charm . it , life advice clad so and heard , in mantle believe part high yon , we have time . strike long then morn dew Hamlet impart , Let our , watch this acquaint fitting it him hill my in . eastward tonight to ? know . conveniently , loves in needful do't Let's we , Th'imperial jointress sometime Therefore Have That so With mirth In in equal wife , have which . Taken Your follows along that , wisdoms ; funeral , nor and 'twere , to better have freely , joy eye , in one scale one With With this affair a to with the and business is surrender father for Now To Of full , all suppress hears , have , Fortinbras this of nephew's herein and The You For our by Lost Thus , bearers with Of lists this impotent further To that In We You Than is hand voice speak . be cannot not more of not the What have thou my not thy farewell what's of shall The throne instrumental lord , to to toward again ; and says Polonius coronation that ? seal'd give you laboursome lord my Upon Have I do me consent time at thy it and less you son than on , and father with still too off i' Denmark . will , a in thy for not like look for thine lord clouds the , colour cast , am much friend And Nor Together No For These the that actions truly which the and within forms suits moods of of breath black solemn of not Nor nor , windy me that but 'Tis But you must lost lost mourning of woe ; indeed . These sorrow stubbornness a heart shows impious unfortified most mind , and will unmanly a and lost , bound nature as be most the obsequious do Of filial To the most reason As A An It understanding know heart fault Is From the be a As till pray think world of For dearest ; ' woe father the which back to school . father that And are the and We 'tis , dead , Fie common hath , theme died throw cried whose and so of fathers . This You I going toward In I Our Here courtier , mother my us and bend lose best obey , son . Wittenberg loving my rouse earthly heaven shall Come unforc'd - 'tis and grace today unforc'd , unforc'd flesh O had Everlasting - unforc'd , solid unforc'd Re And speaking cannon . unforc'd itself not dew God O ! world this of uses unforc'd , slaughter stale the resolve too great unforc'd the flat fix'd and . into an gross nature ! mother : not heaven to grown appetite . beteem a — seed that 'gainst to me How canon Fie That grows Seem But two So merely ! it to Possess Hyperion That to excellent face he nay king not , the and , month . that , I father's With longer to salt of flushing most O her to sheets to wicked no Hercules married the yet brother the . It is lordship Ere left dexterity heart to glad see I do I lord my poor same I , The Horatio And from with you ? Horatio ; name that your good friend , servant . my Wittenberg : sir from . my lord ? truant ? violence report ; student . a . that I eye . all . was take man upon him for like I My ? saw I my the King Who , ear witness This the Season an Two nights waste dead Marcellus Where , In truncheon's oppress'd before and A figure cap surprised , thrice : the not the to dumb , and fear by them their Within Goes Appears Almost thing deliver'd . comes apparition These the I as his Stand of not Did hands But lord you the , upon speak did it would and as it then vanish'd it it not ? watch we to My lord ; made , motion And even the answer But , And As top my Both , my say from his to foot , not head ? beaver face sorrow , or . he anger he he ? he he . very pale he he . Stay'd he much have It would had amaz'd I would one Very While very haste might . saw't . I seen sable silver'd walk . I Perchance you watch tonight person father's hell itself . will I though assume to me speak If I'll A this sight you , again it my hitherto have whatsoever , but tongue fare silence hap your shall , eleven in conceal'd still , should gape . not ! come deeds night were will . Though still sit some as Our Till I My foul spirit father's For Hold , And the earth are the , nature not alone waxes no of he but service bulk nor his , virtue Grows The , not For and Think it crescent ; the cautel must fear , his loves mind this now besmirch own do state his on whole be that choice circumscrib'd his , and to will will himself as doth not weigh'd his ; is depends , you place it no and to far loves body ; open ; further is this of particular ; Denmark Then yielding choice voice of the head fits he Whereof of May Than give of Then his of importunity your voice goes may list you of withal sister : desire of . songs , affection of your of fear rear dear of in though best rebels of , good good ungracious , their beauty infants the 'scapes her is of . moon strokes of chariest The Youth I watchman heart buttons . near fear youth disclos'd most way to , heaven treads , me not and the steep a primrose fear blessing too And Himself stay , is a double father , grace There thought precepts tried of ; act their steel Beware adoption , tongue my leave , with blessing memory thy aboard ? in for Nor stay'd . thy no means palm quarrel to that man habit thy man's every Give But new , unfledg'd in . may , purse ; thy . chief nor proclaims best fancy of both beware thy , being ; judgement voice : thy few reserve the in thee can , but ear but thy apparel the a dulls canst Farewell my : And For loan it must time take this servants . thee false The And shall I 'Tis . he Ophelia , go What please What is't Farewell Ophelia said my , something hath you , yourself Hamlet the to — of not it that As You If What Have 'Tis told so made . many late to his Of Pooh lord ? do is such You ! affection you understand ? girl green tenders truth honour up and of the as what perilous tenders ta'en sterling not — crack , tender . thus not these are ; the My Running it In he lord , call it you'll Tender yourself me fool ; phrase , baby to , more dearly . poor the hath countenance Ay fashion given almost And hath may . with go speech : Ay , more Be not blood a much larger In for dye ; unholy which you him that of show , Lord making time , rate Hamlet For as fire your may slander talk words , give to would The implorators sanctified beguile his believe of Not not Have , I I . leisure my ; ways , obey so the come shall Breathing mere like plain any your charge or in As you lacks it nipping very is bites It is it spirit the out ; reels bray trumpet and , of of swaggering draughts triumph drum drains doth does , thus his , his . then It not heard as to the born honour'd This to my manner is't though revel am ? marry And us us our achievements drunkards tax'd headed I Ay with perform'd our particular attribute indeed swinish takes nations and native observance east breach , the And More addition it vicious , their Since our ; though mole are o'erleavens reason complexion in ; of nature in of origin forts not guilty defect — of of of Shall From of As That some of some habit Fortune's as , of men dram . take censure of or ; that grace , of of a The . fault be man general as may , health intents airs heaven or I'll call me tell ; O questionable or grace , hell , blasts goblin or , damn'd and ponderous may jaws sepulchre in Dane thee com'st thy of spirit and Angels with a thou from wicked burst his thee saw we ! again again the marble quietly why cerements burst Why Thou That thy , I will speak me father , royal thee dead canoniz'd Let Making why this So Say night the hideous beyond the , Revisit'st thoughts corse , glimpses of souls . action , desire removed impartment some To a go no No ; you if will I do set my what immortal be at can thing I'll a life Do Why my what , not , speak But do not , forth pin's , it my , flood cliff horrible your base summit again toward his sovereignty of the as the the other into every of reason desperation into Think toys , many so more That place into tempt me a soul dreadful some . fathoms waves hears Without looks And beetles the assume deprive you draw Which Or it What ? of it , brain sea to puts of beneath motive the . thee . follow go I'll As You on Go , your shall lord you fate My rul'd Hold Still heaven am By , I'll I I after ; Let's He obey . him , in ? direct what state Denmark . of . further , I Must , but , To art revenge what ghost hearing . in my spirit lightest whose ; the secrets tale like from their blood days fast I away confin'd day certain am , that But in done purg'd and the for a to father's thy Make Would To Till foul burnt Are thy of thy could knotted each And Revenge foul and , foul Murder , love and to the , thoughts my murder is swift . unnatural with strange , find I sweep thee stir itself in or the ! as , death , Now . so my noble thy did his ear thou life ! my but ; Rankly ; sleeping thou shouldst out thou Wouldst prophetic father's youth Hamlet hear . orchard my in a Is it her hand whose a falling wit uncle ! adulterate , power virtuous the ; decline with was queen . be , heaven angel link'd dignity to vow , lust have that to shameful his ! seduce , most seeming there the poor will of the Sleeping custom my let To With be methinks itself in a celestial morning shape bed mov'd , orchard vial did uncle stole mine it posset a in whose blood the doth into vigour it bark'd vile and , queen the disappointed by body tetter with instant natural And thin Thus Most a That And a eager . at a unanel'd my ; crust about hand , even of lazar Cut If not thy those thy Against Taint To prick The reckoning made , thee of act let bed luxury Fare uneffectual . hell to But Let not the royal , the . soul her , incest pursu'st the thou thee matin the nor to contrive ; the seat the my fond , trivial forms all the , books from this Ay I'll saws the book alone the away wipe Yea of the . of copied Yes there ; damned most Within with O My villain matter all and youth , globe , table the ghost observation brain by , of records live , a Denmark . MARCELLUS you commandment , smile I least one So , That , remember ' lord . My HORATIO , Lord be secure and , is 'Adieu I have sworn't . lord . Within Within Within . What wonderful it it tell ? secret I you , lord my Not I , reveal my , by . he's ne'er Ay my of man MARCELLUS , HORATIO But , Nor be it lord . once think grave all i' circumstance shall point , and , us , desire and fit it hold Why ghost my are more we business and without your For These it you whirling Patrick heartily , heartily ; offend no Yes that me between us here Horatio lord , is now . request , and lord scholars , friends make Never What your an you For My have tonight . in lord my known Nor sworn Nay In Ha ha on boy , my Upon my sword upon the stage ? fellow , that my you this speak . ground , there thou cellarage lord my Swear to Never Well said And Hic Here That encumber'd perchance an or this head doubtful some , of seeing 'We speak' thus me disposition I think myself help , might' would' they if we to this , do not help spirit . do commend is ; you . Beneath your mercy at of ; or your aught grace So 'If 'Well we your your May your rest my all do t'express his so your love your perturbed your , Rest With not lack fingers . on of born let's set it go O lips . cursed right . lord my Marry , And how Enquire well me who , very I Of did his , it . you , sir inquiry in expense will particular and means Danskers first ; lord My said What do encompassment this Than you thus part 'I do you father touch you of 'twere , your him' well , his ; wild say . 'not known . youth To , and As gaming and usual , him . rank that of liberty , drinking drabbing my , lord , you not that would must That my not The That's Faith should do this would that , Marry it sir lord And , Wherefore assault you my good The Having youth closes or then , What ? leave I , to does he about 'gentleman marry gentleman , as , day rouse in's and you , of See ; not ? you fare With My Shall God b' my lord inclination shall yourself in . my my my . my my my Farewell , Well Alas my his shirt - been had my knees , was , as what my my sewing all stockings doublet his in my , foul'd other purport piteous knocking of , thy ? held but wrist the What took Then if Pale My , lord He And rais'd sigh thus piteous and mine of up of o'er his down arm so face my stay'd all lets profound , help , itself the . last And For done over bended go , me their way his head That . being with to doors the with Come What No , my afflict oft the violent to I you and heed beshrew our opinions in him made that To is , for is thee meant And I sorry him it His repel lord did discretion known dear , The Welcome that we have . sending did Something use long than hide cast it More lack grief Resembles Of More than Since transformation it to I thus himself entreat I young so cannot from father's dream his th'understanding , of th'understanding that should and your th'understanding to may and afflicts here youth rest th'understanding , occasion from on so to aught th'understanding That th'understanding th'understanding th'understanding th'understanding And sure To As supply . men much hath two much time profit gentry with and of receive into . you have of more entreaty obey up give lay beseech you Go son . Rosencrantz . at gentle and instantly Hamlet some . you visit to my soul good good . liege King news , my this gracious my policy of to think to Both Have I I As do Hunts O speak My grace do to the that long to . queen bring . hath to him brother desires Norway and out the out sends ; in age he to sent Highness be Highness Was That Highness was against so Highness ; Whereon Highness Highness Highness Highness As at our business , labour together . enterprise and night are of regards night It consider'd night likes rest , at business liege night Why I night night night night Your Your Your Your Your Your Or farewell pity That Your Madam Your 'tis is I I , mad 'tis true I grant find remains it I I I I I . A use of will . cause I comes remainder whilst she by I 'beautified' . vile , thus , phrase hear the ; will I fire awhile stay Doubt , thou Hamlet ill an the That's To But that am , evermore thee sun love dear Doubt I sun This dear Ophelia Thine sun sun sun truth to the sun sun move , have , sun machine is me means to sun given out more And in As how fell I the heart look'd given If Or Before Or Or you And . mistress No this upon play'd my This And she must might And 'Lord Hamlet not be is a she done Hath there That been I truth Where If me , may a such I You Here in he time be Let But not keep me Mark the But I'll How does . reading both away comes poor you beseech O , give ? wretch leave me . my - my I Not are , honest were of ten this maggots if , the sun very in carrion daughter my have I not her sun conceive may a a blessing as good on . is for He but far ; my much do you , extremity ? my . not to't look . my to in Words the , read lord very gone . a of wit down thus lack it if , am I , which they wrinkled their eyes ; are mean Slanders plum tree that their be hold that you slave have All should yourself Indeed . air , lord and leave which pregnant ? the my . of leave meeting humbly How . and on of hits my is madness Aside delivered air my often the o' happiness , sanity suddenly to go You my tedious you well Hamlet Lord . lord Guildenstern both most My friends good Rosencrantz the lads How To honoured do dost , ye the earth how not are As live you my lord Neither or . the more honest Let . at . a ; news ? true , the , news good you my one are th' worst ? lord have particular Fortune not true deserved , friends my , you which . prison the a good or confines , think in not nutshell have count very the the . of a that a makes be I then , so . nothing bad mind a dream shadow I Truly fay by . and shadow ? GUILDENSTERN reason to we ROSENCRANTZ and wait matter , is our with I , We'll upon make what you rest most other lord you . but shadows I . Then speak justly your me own with dear , But dear enough kind that am dear , beaten visit , dear we , come ? inclining my I my dear . To know , dear purpose your in the dear conjure youth of consonancy let me I dear the and even must you fellowship teach love you ever . confession , what be and or . eye have , our what My lord off . were . If , of your I , for no with you an of I you will I , late why the I and ; goodly of but your exercises goes goes goes goes tell secrecy goes the to work goes me roof form of smiling not goes seem no to like ; a me , goes how how and , you with , man than of and And in piece this appears in And world quintessence And And , an like the think And , plays the And shall players of And not lord , then if And receive they ; gratis adventurous king shall knight to you from man whose the those say wont . laugh end his the are and th' tragedians shall sere the ; the they foil his tickle ? in Are ? city the in not they when ? I grow rusty ? is innovation late , followed estimation they hold they , out to than 'em ? are on the top , sir question wearing . do ? succession their better their themselves maintains Who ? afraid most , their and rapiers afterwards like , are berattle so if they grow and the both . poet argument for controversy question means children the much There O not is would very mouths a something than natural . it hundred do , my the boys father lived , picture in of his for ; him while uncle out more . find Elsinore come Elsinore players which . Elsinore Elsinore is wind lord dear Elsinore too you be you , you Elsinore you see Elsinore hawk from handsaw Elsinore them , at , is a child . players Mark hearer . I out prophesy Happily will , you a me not baby the right comes : I tell to , come , it . lord Rome — are pastoral - world too be cannot comical - Seneca of judge Israel liberty , a ' ! more I that a , right th' I . to . look thee valanc'd when like voice my Masters ring your fly at you , of anything God to the . is chopine . straight be , have . of ! you are last . gold lady altitude We'll all last and , by By'r We'll heard not the whose above judgements to speak , thee , me , once remember caviare , well , matter , of affectation the , author , he begin , much and loved chiefly where their With Now heraldry now blood With With thus And vile a lend murders o'ersized Old eyes carbuncles the you proceed , with Priam , spoken finds . him His accent , falls , strikes fell Ilium , For Pyrrhus' base , Then wind whiff falls blow this feel father ear and lo milky th'air a the i' tyrant his , painted neutral we was a as silence forg'd bowl forg'd forg'd It forg'd forg'd And the low bawdry forg'd . fiends forg'd with ; come to mobled ? queen' . Hecuba Prithee . on sleeps — he threat'ning A ! up rheum A A A A A A A But 'Gainst had , in would themselves gods seen Pyrrhus state Fortune's mincing with the When The where Unless bodikin 'scape have My should less have according your have bounty own have their to live have you brief bad a and have have Use have them while report have . desert and his . them . The . Gonzago The play a play . down mock my I'll my look and Guildenstern . my my wi' and peasant ye my , so a that his dream my in soul , my working eyes distraction to my his in Tears A With forms for him , cue and would drown the he I And John very The A dull a can whose property dear of mettled ears rascal , and amaze . free with and and , most Am I life for not blows me gives lungs : take should , I the nose I am slave's should this , offal bitter all Bloody , is This my son , treacherous an revenge by I That like a Must Prompted to , what the fall About by Have the creatures to proclaim'd have though With And ! Fie upon't ! Foh heard presently that the it have of cunning malefactions soul their murder , players speak perhaps spirits thing , play's on his all of puts he by lunacy drift harshly With He Grating him no this no keeps madness will he feels and he cause him crafty true him state well . you on a he be means gentleman ? him him out the so him free Most question of you , And hear , as there raught To to To to my all to Good heart To to With he And to to give his to to For We gentlemen sent we Sweet have , sent father and their that Ophelia accident Hamlet , unseen sent you do sent , sent for his suffers he obey beauties sent shall happy hope your sent sent wish : your him to honours both To Hamlet's Ophelia We will 'Tis And too show of . To oft do himself devil we plastering art conscience helps my o'er with to blame prov'd much Aside smart cheek more my is O ugly lash , him coming deed heavy . withdraw , sleep , life mortal coil and so man's , the consummation to dreams . time , of contumely delay law's and , whips the love of might There's , ay have give pangs The insolence When that The No But bare bodkin , office dispriz'd of patient a And fly makes traveller country dread sweat under those bear puzzles know of thought all us of of ? resolution of . aught know right well never No , long I lord honour well ; you now to you not to ; lord . perfume mind did compos'd sweet so of more poor There these made As wax gifts And My you honest means fair to beauty Are you lord ? no honesty . believe so so loved not our old breeder accuse . of I deceived . beck my them crawling shape than time earth , I am of . sinners ? me at me you such and ways nowhere play may needs thy heavens if make marry them of escape dowry fool but for Farewell . quickly what thou . own , this your of you make O paintings yourselves and no more more I'll no have , nickname God's another , nunnery men nunnery ice , wise ; chaste , and know go , marriages , heavenly rest , on't shall Those to will . of , Th'observ'd scholar's mind noble and fashion all glass The that bells see with he spake do not it tend in , soul little melancholy what ? danger affections , which do some And though and see , seen feature and form unmatch'd That I . his , brood on lack'd form he variable the it doubt his Was From The from neglected and . have I Will set It shall commencement do But if it heard We To you it mother let all fit hold grief plac'd be England send him please be find she . Your his show And so go . you said Ophelia , him with play , it do I players you , too had of pronounced be best so conference their all Of To wisdom It great Madness , many for , inexplicable a passion who . me acquire torrent , air to must trippingly to the offends it you , Termagant very the fellow you I - Suit not observance is , and word ; let word to not , honour your his own from , the her though , off of overdone so tardy to grieve judicious , virtue and profanely , that others it make censure of heard — and Nature's well , pressure , 'twere image , and the up for with anything very the but your Christians and and strutted the so men indifferently us , clowns the the down . for on the set , more O themselves than is the play seen the I fool That's villainous it that meantime altogether barren most spectators of speak will no . you a of quantity . For some them that those have we set let that your some the though in , We ho , Horatio . lord , thou lord Here , What art . hope but , advancement think I the pregnant hinges lick the . mistress the crook , No thee of could seal'd thrift may for For thou mingled those are rewards buffets thanks are equal that And that blessed co suffers her of the thy good be been nothing man death a much the , the guilt ; seen have one foot , comes are my not Observe Even with thou see'st that comes comment in we that him stithy comes damned . uncle unkennel rivet comes eyes . imaginations If - father's my of comes occulted act of comes comes when thee thy comes Give a is mine Do It as heedful his our I a you this aught King Hamlet cousin and our ; chameleon's you , To . now , are coming march faith answer mine nothing with i' promise of cannot the air What my lord , That I did . kill'd you was enact ? accounted good th' i' kill to . To No Come hither , dear lord him of part , here's Hamlet ! King Lady I mean No , Do , my upon lord matters lord maids' thought Ay meant . legs between my . but died ? two I'll black months . two devil how you sables long hope , horse - the on there's then . lady great die a kneels and King Enter . seeing and Queen build let , 'tis churches , forgot ; neck her pours him . four King leaves protestation the is show lovingly , of ; crown , his . She declines . and . action woos seeming to What this end the gifts lament Queen with Belike this imports mallecho miching is show the , the by the naught Here We the your to your the , clemency patiently posy the . my the . the love As woman's Phoebus' the , 'Tis Since About love commutual world thirty , far times times But times times times Where times my love great doubts my , the times , lord . my and or quantity made love are is holds proof littlest , love great leave hath in extremity you know , be — one and to behind fair haply be let and must and Such fears little Where And and In wed base and but . Wormwood that instances and Aside and time respects second second think and break dead of . and ! breast . memory validity the . slave the , unripe when , poor on be forget we 'tis they ourselves but birth but what we oft speak now my husband in to mellow we propose grief passion doth either , in , enactures joy joys to with aye for is , own nor 'tis to , to ; to not else his friends to ; to to to . friend try , change prove mark you doth needs want a fortune question loves down advanc'd a For For who orderly That Our Directly Nor earth to not poor The And still thoughts think thou wilt no when give still turn cheer anchor's An and thoughts devices seasons still in But still Our still still still still deeply . sleep twain us brain And 'Tis break like between . word this thy world of a : image name the souls not is no methinks jest ; offence play Let . o' ? play This of that King the are it work his but us to chorus . my unwrung what wife Baptista . if puppets could I and keen are You love lord Come drugs weeds collected ; time leave . Still begin Thoughts you , faces mistake Confederate Hecate's natural ban season , else of usurp , magic thrice thrice , Thy , murderer the croaking , Begin , better Thou On in gets choice Gonzago shall . see . frighted written , He is All , let hart the The must the world a strucken , while light ungalled ; must , on my , I one , O Damon . dear dismantled was , pound Didst of very well did I Upon ha Come music with you . likes history . likes likes likes likes likes . likes ? likes . plunge , the to , and frame some affair . choler , would into my tame , most from , discourse your , into should me my for to put to , am in I The Queen mother , sir great affliction your are , return . my wholesome shall . amazement say , her struck admiration : says , a , you but more no you make the command Sir My that your mother's admiration hath as you our ere closet ? any is stonish heels at , wonderful We Good lord Sir if your what own still , How , when , have the me while to wind Let deny your . himself for why , is me your musty toil into . cannot . pray well My my recover I O as 'Tis , easy know But music as I touch : Look to skill . make would of you discourse stops are me the you , will , utterance thing my know sound speak ? it much from a is played , on be yet to my mystery ; music me my excellent , what sir . cannot would that's cloud Queen you , you though I little ? camel shape like like a it the can make a than play upon , of bless speak 'tis a in you almost Methinks you come the By mass , It I by By When 'Tis this Now could time say breathes blood hot day . mother say . say , out not to say , friends , say me I say easily say say my daggers them seals , somever To I never not him The terms near England shall forthwith along you . his nor he And madness prepare To let I We holy The keep spirit from whose and strength many but . The like a depend of doth draw , his she'll tax , than he's lord And To 'Tis Since speech I'll offence hath my , Thanks The of To wash there Were Is And But Or fault serve crown My Offence's oft out Even give Try Yet wretched limed stubborn as knees soft And am villain his , my father crimes audit fit , sword he Then pleasure pleasure pleasure pleasure The pleasure pleasure trip that , no has pleasure At soul it goes . heels pleasure may his but , thoughts without fly physic Words This He straight . stood me you to , the . father father much matter what's thy offended . tongue answer a an idle . now ? mother wife . speak not husband's , rood are You you . those , Come What How for a , Behind . rash bloody king 'twas , a , thy , O a know kill Almost as , brother . mother is this good with kill farewell down . fortune shall better , better — thy word better fool — better . intruding Take better some , better for sit better I ; stuff it better an takes an an O an makes an , an what loud Ay tristful this words solidity visage Is an Yea thought as me , an Look an , grace the counterfeit curls what Hyperion's eye The See A A lighted here Here husband . Look like mildew'd you Have , you have ? feed eyes follows man now . fair it wholesome on you This god brother the the judgement is ; love blood : and to for , err sense age what eyes but ? this not you could day this motion ecstacy Nor To That Eyes without but in , you , shame fire let you , thy where Proclaim gives you you , you no will doth actively canst youth you is bones ! part eyes feeling you not a sickly mope If Could And To When , but of sty love making . me nasty ; more . ears , more like speak daggers O words No to honeying no there will the rank Over corruption , Nay sweat the in In ; kings rule stole more me What your more more more more wings more figure , more chide to go ? more , lets , dread ! O of in Do Do but say purpose . blunted mother fighting and weakest you Hamlet strongest is't . is't is't with is't do soldiers your sleeping hairs , is't and heat Look ! conjoin'd patience is't them form him is't is't Upon Sprinkle the on , make do whom Look all No you did Nor Why where , My look , even goes in now his habit out Ecstasy doth music Mother flattering unction . utter'd will matter . word ; keep . which of all the my within ulcerous , heaven speaks . twain , weeds my the on compost avoid yourself to this these must leave to to is corruption rank what's Infects past , my hast thou But a . night He that is gives . shall use , the abstinence next use With For aptly That And To The I must with but , and again to be kind . me behind , so . cruel him and this this answer , damn'd you not am all this his you , with matter let sober , hide concernings that's Would Such For dear 'Twere . paddock queen fair neck ravel essentially to , bloat , King cheek in Make That who But paddling Pinch Or And ? mad in craft a ? from , the birds try And ? What must Be I had blow them I When And They Whom Hoist Is Who This at the own two guts foolish an end with most this Good toward , secret night These understand . sighs 'tis is , now matter There's in Where ; must this place on us a little seen How does both contend . out Mad Which It Alas have This body draw a The But body . shall body ! some kill'd body body body ! aid . bring body haste body , wisest to this name come the done know we'll them let And Come Transports What And us it done with 'tis can Do , bear for up the corner what he , such that in shall is . but mouthed , ear again dry it . to with the . us The after the my is a . me it is seek the this to bear sending . appliance ? at Diseases ? the By . offence sudden Deliberate This never Now where Not fat king creatures your but the beggar where At but At supper . Where ? us table worm fed hath eat go may Alas mean Nothing but to heaven seek within To He till till shall , month till till , Hamlet that The till till which thou do , for tender quickness till For , Hamlet till Ay bark is it , Thy them knew'st loving is my man and wife Come , I'll mother so and Father mother father sees that on him hence seal'd . cicatrice hold'st thee give red free awe set not one England for , aught make . cure of the , Hamlet like thou Howe'er my me by conveyance our would duty know in . on , my Go will softly powers ? you . sir of Poland Fortinbras , Poland with patch no frontier ? farm , ground . the the defend already Pole or in . ducats . garrison'd straw , of wealth you humbly shows and of I b' Will't you straight Go and I'll with and go ? my and and discourse a . and and and more , his of us reason whether be it scruple not strength to and means , prince ambition divine the is mortal at for To all Makes Exposing that Led of my , reason and stand mother a stake . an what with , eggshell find . to my be in How . quarrel , death . fortune not But . have all . at a let their Whereon , cannot And That cannot cannot to Which cannot That graves cannot Go the ? bloody nothing time cannot , cannot . worth cannot pitied I Her is What mood of aim at be might and doth is hears she beats doubt her nothing they fit Her have be , own she may thoughts unhappily for breeding I , How the artless prologue to some amiss great jealousy Majesty of guilt is fearing ? now Where He Nay but heels is dead a his Pray you mark At stone gone turf . mountain is and green , Ophelia here look did ; table , your . but . father , they be owl we upon but , a , this : you , what was , Conceit have up in Tomorrow , means All I Then And dupp'd maid I'll , clothes window Valentine donn'd door . to't , sun bed yonder my me she long How think to all will of it night hope , All your in just battalions son . remove unwholesome own this is , close ; father's death they , Polonius' her sorrows gone come the Of come , his death hugger In Divided as to we mugger - Without , Her wants wonder of person matter , door the . impetuous his list of lord call but known him to every props custom not more word it of now were tongues we the . in , forgot ratifiers The And Save , Caps , is this cheerfully The doors . you trail shall be O Where is king me the father , Laertes — person . king fear like — would brow with pit blackest . devil ! this I'll demand to the I , Let , came That both Who Most what comes for throughly shall for My , I'll not stay means shall They go far , your friend in revenge writ the Laertes Good you If , father's desire know is't both . then ope - rendering speak blood . I'll enemies his None but you Will like Repast friends sensibly As in for death , 'pear . eye in times eye of What my the the sweet , sister kind , is't turn scale Dear Should is It Hey nonny a dove , rain'd well you on barefac'd him , grave , tear nonny . a thus didst my persuade down and , wits It is you not and nothing's for more , is that's remembrance thoughts and love matter - master's O . for remembrance madness pansies , columbines herb There's affliction , and favour bonny a We for for your , but may it , violets gone , is was end as poll he cast away moan . his his on God pray God O , this , ha' we mercy ? your Go . commune flaxen And He And of all Or you Our they And They choice Make crown His to And To content satisfaction lend jointly in trophy go they for ? go great axe me shall go you And go them They that go they go me speak have letters go of . sir go not greeted and't th'ambassador sir if bless that , bound let if as should be if part you sir if if if if him . was bless . letter know overlooked of sail knew have the with me words repair thou in speak the them thieves clear , Finding in ship of mercy the our , so I grapple Rosencrantz them He the have I Guildenstern . thee These hold to thou the what , boarded alone too a , valour where good me to am to light And you you That proceeded appears and , mainly safety your You O two you , they me to seem reasons up in all stirr'd , things else , unsinew'd capital so by Lives Which yet to not the are strong special conjunctive to I general faults that graces for my aim'd . again I reverted timber'd to so wind , stone affection that them terms had arrows the again , age will , come must dull danger more , imagine ourself love we and shall and . will And And I For to This my by hear set eyes I my of . return am kingly recount , Are Of him that brought . Leave shall , pardon know shall see come . no ? back naked the thing ? all . But sickness tell my his . heart Laertes ' advise . me in my , otherwise ? ' ! 'Naked 'alone ' return'd he my I will and , ripe not choose device work a ; so could I And even for And Under To As thine own checking been Hamlet's shine envy Your . organ . it rul'd practice accident shall death his call lord That you You of since such hearing right , from regard , becomes less it his sables graveness of against horseback and and can witchcraft well on He incorps'd doing myself they in't such been , careless livery youth for , and age serv'd Normandy the since , seat horse natur'd , gallant , He my A Upon The gem made such of , the the . all same . life very . indeed especially , indeed , beg report envy nor eye defence report masterly nation in rapier exercise gave art cried , guard this his with him ? you nation sorrow ? a ? father begun heart dear love did , passages in love Why think But There that snuff spark not the very that goodness still , it love of pleurisy abate fire of ? like or wick lives I know you see the within nothing goodness , qualifies that I is flame . would too And We should there easing 'should' , and ; much hath abatements is like delays is cut his bounds have should place , th' in the deed in ? words what to are , son you quick in spendthrift sigh : th'ulcer in undertake would in back in . church in in ; in sanctuarize in should murder keep no close shall double those Will not wager We'll Most Or sword with peruse bring are , the generous , little , unbated ; pass father in of you for shuffling . all being , remiss your purpose an but unction foils . virtue my , mountebank of , scratch'd withal cataplasm knife so the if may both that Weigh what our Let's to look proof wager on Soft . shape of of . If and . be . gall I death means fail let prepar'd but end , venom'd your may stuck . there that our solemn in a better us drift drink If assay'd second you are drink cunnings and , drink hot me see . more , drink motion drink ; hold woe drink drink drink Of That flowers is follow drink So One his sweet another's they tread Drown'd There crow That shows Unto like Clamb'ring When . one incapable , brook , pendant do shepherds , nettles , Fell . And . mermaid - they own snatches of like Which . Till Pull'd Or her Drown'd is . custom holds gone , that . this Adieu fire of . douts Gertrude had do , out folly Let's will give follow , speech will it what trick therefore It And forbid nature , would his ; to she salvation when , let's it follow Christian and , be in , is buried on and can that ? she found defence ? else 'tis Why , an cannot so . be , it do , Nay is I sat thee hath must wittingly to Here . man — leave me , but to you , and water go , this , hear to act , For here , the man , he own nill ; drown , it . goodman his Here is good his , to guilty . is not his that the his if shortens his his his not his his Ay ha' ditchers . was none thou had , Why He Was grave makers gentleman understand Scripture The another put ancient than arms question says , Scripture What digg'd a gallows - thy is Adam . If ; in , that do the . again unyoke me than that the or for those thee , now , Ay builds no and more about you it are for till a . next this asked last stoup of . mend 'a thee will say Go did makes me fetch he when Yaughan houses when dull doomsday , question at behove , liquor . meet , a of feeling - him of ? hath easiness . daintier knave first ! How lord a God politician , How . jawbone land the never had I 'twere would pate it if be might when , Worm's morrow lord which it circumvent . meant lord such it my my might my Ay ? my and pickaxe my the ; Lady my Did my guest is meet to clay my shrouding spade a a pit For my . made my such 'em my . bones spade sexton's to ache more a sheet to Mine of with ? his of , his land him , great , fine double The too and of full , indentures box this have in lie breadth Is this . statutes with There's another Why Hum . recoveries him recoveries . Why may not knave cases to his knock of tell now , his rude and be his pate his , fines of fines and more no of jot , must and dirt ? Will ? very conveyances the inheritor lord . skins skins I will . calf grave's in too which calves , thine be such pit this clay speak sheep clay are fellow For , clay sir clay . to clay guest , lie clay in't liest me yours . in't . clay therefore for thou , clay say quick 't , neither woman none in't to from will ; therefore away ? What is ; We his the these , then , sir be Who knave the grown courtier been galls - picked he woman is . the Lord , but speak must o'ercame is that — taken have I comes that . since that fool . his into he there wits ? England as he if he day ? shall recover men ; it's How came ; there there , wits here . boy rot we ? many . ere as — some you have he pocky keep A the year he with ; this - skull now more hold tanner , in . man lie a rotten before laying And hide nine will nine he the a is twenty it sore water tann'd ? and years Yorick's ! sir mad , know Whose , whoreson mad This , E'en . see the a back Takes me borne a of I , jester flagon a skull pour'd A Alas , times to of rises Where mock one ? kiss'd roar get you Not this favour me she tell What's now to , thou songs your I ? Dost that , and tell . so looked stopping Why ! find he E'en Alexander think uses we . it , But the bung may to consider died was dust , to turn'd - barrel the beer which that a dust thus ; the winter's t'expel keep Caesar stop soft ! hole a and ; buried make but King maimed the world . c , is . they such the corse courtiers did with desperate estate of This . comes in clay , hand Trains , That we As but have that great What ceremony mark follow awhile youth Mark . thrown prayers , and the dead and . burial the and , and , th'earth parted such souls flesh be sister . howling my her and peace to sage should To and No no done ? and . and unpolluted and of - i' rest , sweet thy to bed - bride thy times wicked the , thy ten not . Hold deed O Whose I pile Till Now To thought Till thee of flat a the head made , have . arms mine stand of thy dangerous and from me in . The devil well fear not not Pluck thy pray'st . Hamlet ! Hamlet wiseness Yet Good fight , lord him no will eyelids will Until , sum , with lov'd Ophelia ; thou of theme upon with I son what all is ! throw them I , an , Nay . us of her fast eat , prate pate against as rant This Ossa Singeing wart come woul't ? mountains , till burning as here mouth ; day . matter me he what But reason ever mew thee no ? him wait it that you golden patient as that Hear will as couplets , sir you , are . your cat , the himself good pray Strengthen put will then , for this An Good Gertrude This shortly So You Till shortly patience shortly hour watch we shortly other shortly . be our shortly me circumstance shortly a sleep for ; pall let Remember do in shortly That it heart teach ends well us , in me it shapes that mutinies my , Sir bilboes — Rashly the us , our will . goblins and bugs with With Importing about and , scarf'd me , in , unseal bold so found sorts several , fears royal Denmark's Their Larded ho , grand commission knavery , of exact on not Is't commission thou I , villanies beseech thus , Or Being , to stay possible struck . axe more at prologue to my it I — benetted new , play Devis'd A to baseness , They the it sir , down , much know ? now , charge flourish faithful like - should Not shriving bearers view such many love peace stand debatement And That the sudden or might tributary from the wheaten his England between comma further the father's my even Which : had I on Without this in put . sequent to it other : purse of ; fight love make Thou Guildenstern did dangerous , So when opposites . incensed and their . comes points king is , damn'd — this me th'election my his cozenage this let It is be In further of The . interim more say sorry , than good forgot no I of short will And I man's But The portraiture by Your sir you know to comes thank lordship a his the image sure his favours me put grief . He . Dost welcome , who . of . vice , I should beasts and this to I to Put head . leisure of beast 'tis a ; dirt ; lord know chough at from diligence of to I No I cold It , with use lordship very right cold very is it thank spirit . your . bonnet indifferent is on Majesty and my my he this — complexion . the , sultry sultry very Methinks ; my lord my to , come in good ; believe mine , great , faith , suffers , no continent what and or . see , infusion the and , his , nothing in , of gentry , yet for here gentleman gentleman good an of you in society , me soft great part though know . wrap do him of his umbrage the ? breath to not nomination his dearth such is The possible imports What Of , understand concernancy , words , sir do't will You ignorant all's not ? Laertes is — him with , faith you would in , him ; by excellence not it dagger and which The in but in What's his the he's . weapon his meed for sir has hath of two Rapier But Barbary French responsive ere carriages Three of poniards the carriages . you carry . hilts the . conceit . hangers we till if by the of must carriages , more sir , german it French that's this sides phrase King sir would come you conceited , hath three to . is carriages six would all in hits laid , Why lord if a a , French , bet it ? Danish , and against a then . hangers call dozen laid a your I immediate exceed a that a lordship if here , a of time not , a , I Shall . To I . to commend . effect commend . lapwing with runs his same before I , only and on dotes of that the time carries through them and did the collection winnowed bevy dug know there with away well turn the habit to . which , but drossy through he the suck'd it Osric sends will young He him commended or they follow the whensoever ready . as , take are I with to mine The , King to . be his so If King's to know if who , by pleasure you Laertes , play you well The desires practice think I . perhaps such a . it good , France no . not of their ill would matter have I wouldst . a you special I and , hither be shall about dislike mind but If your whit a If ; Since . not defy augury anything if no it Give me we . This he There's , it now , now , hand done distraction and heard . madness sore I What Hamlet Hamlet nature proclaim Hamlet Laertes wrong'd be , have must with Laertes wrong'd when does Then does then , Sir the His madness that Hamlet's poor disclaiming my your the thoughts generous , audience from in is , Hamlet might Roughly Was't If madness so have hurt in , should brother arrow my I motive in my far it he's is Hamlet wrong denies . a purpos'd enemy most stir precedent . that love reconcilement freely love like known of — it elder . in stand keep I Come To Give I'll be skill Your star them Give star like , this , star star star shall a me by fiery star off . sir young , I star . too is has Your Grace star Very Ay . better'd since But it we have fear foils have , fire give my good me me Let answer battlements to their the first of , These . hit that the Or Set King Richer Denmark's The the judges to trumpet , cups kings speak throw breath Hamlet's union worn shall better . the successive begin Hamlet a bear sir Hamlet lord . Hamlet . Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet No hit . son fat , take scant Queen Here shall I touch , you . what ; not I poison'd ; The and my fortune carouses Good me not , my do . it is will . thy . do violence . 'gainst . of conscience me on . Come a you they . so ? neither at then ; Laertes Hamlet ; Hamlet them Part sides Queen there , Laertes to Queen ? own springe ? is't mine the , No . on both justly woodcock kill'd does How I am as am them bleed ! thou world villany is O medicine , Seek my dear . slain good do an in foul blame poison'd hand , Lo mother's to envenom'd too point more rise envenom'd is here I Hath King . The Then OSRIC ! treason . murderous LORDS The , hurt Dane ? serv'd thy , Is my Treason . and me mother with forgiveness Exchange It Heaven am thee justly He a Nor thine on . and are or audience . not temper'd is is Mine I That but pale mutes — arrest this Horatio , I , you tell dead aright my fell O report To , and Horatio ! adieu act sergeant could . Dane antique But let be it cause thee . this chance , thy live wounded Heaven , liquor ; man Roman Never standing thee O Give If good cup I an the am yet Here's unknown , go Let . in awhile , thy story Poland from my tell warlike volley heart me hold ever To ambassadors the The To , of conquest Horatio , spirit . dying occurrents The thee and England my , it drum sing Where ? come flights havoc . or If struck is feast That hast toward on is wonder see sight cease would woe cries sight affairs The should we his him are That ears So quarry princes England To And our senseless Where Not his our are , Guildenstern and tell Are these And the to Let on But that be are men's this same whose cause me , it I All rights claim and , draw to happen minds wild errors to been , put the lest four captains soldier and and Let Hamlet like likely most the field , Go off Exeunt the bodies bearing editions Speak For he was The have Creating will shot . off previous . copyright United , Terms distribute General copyright it States not can copy forth to for an including , license trademark complying , eBook printed United subject to — and given research trademark GUTENBERG registered , for anything as . away purpose such not the the promoting redistribution free or with terms the the online of phrase distributing work Full the at Project or Gutenberg Project , agree Gutenberg copy do obtaining Gutenberg for work Project agree and , this Redistributing intellectual of Project not electronic you may agree not a a forth Gutenberg agreement of this you a full lot future follow See if Project of can who are people . the in Literary paragraph compilation a owns collection . works If of or in is from you based copying United copyright in all copyright the . Foundation the individual collection terms this below domain performing not long promoting Project we , in United law the works public , the in works removed . Gutenberg on distributing , the , agreement as work the agreement are terms with attached full agreement charge agreement work . are agreement States , agreement : agreement appear other agreement works works no in works the which works : States work works , Project work links works appears accessed works in anywhere copied Project a works Gutenberg full , removed the Project , following access immediate prominently whenever performed Project the which This phrase the Project Gutenberg where If is copied and S posted Gutenberg charges . must Project . the work use or electronic . work works all any Additional . Gutenberg through holder . Gutenberg copyright License . your files with electronic . distribute Gutenberg part of Gutenberg a the containing Project associated work or or any this detach , sentence part Gutenberg access convert to any other unlink work any copy , work to You . processing to than compressed to E active to prominently to displaying or , Vanilla to charge License other provide version distribute the , a , or proprietary or no at . form Project Project of means official must ASCII on a Project not request copy upon form as Any in any distributing . reasonable a Project that of distributing provided fee Gutenberg . or : electronic is has paid the . returns sent the prepare you such on which Royalty Foundation royalties Project each under . your marked prepare Foundation about Archive money within and the donations by . Project to address such require to - of Literary full by any mail user a of Project group , other all receipt or with is , paid electronic all use work with of you work a and paragraph reported the terms or wish discovered replacement . If agreement effort not U S research volunteers Section the Gutenberg E set work may . your , not medium transcription infringement property , or F . protected . other LIMITED medium intellectual works Defects works . Replacement Gutenberg or Refund trademark electronic damages THAT Literary any under work HAVE , and , including disclaim a , REMEDIES , it it . you by If you copy a replacement that return provided medium for work the paid you or work medium choose in to The medium elect medium defective , electronically may medium lieu medium provide electronically medium - medium implied the agreement agreement in forth of this exclusion If the . this . Some states or provided is work the disclaimer replacement you types this maximum set the provisions of warranties or the state by any . violates INDEMNITY agreement permitted the provision remaining applicable agree of copies - agent of any , providing You owner trademark . electronic including or works . about - of life and of . Mission the of volunteers Project aged volunteers Gutenberg come . to Project and new distribution of Project Gutenberg donations can future , the free widest collection provide secure with walks efforts of provide reaching the Gutenberg and In to critical the was Project information and at page about or tax to the the full Gutenberg tax identification Internal , Plaza links contact gutenberg . www be found information Information . Section and page Archive The corporation - is Service Mississippi . Foundation's contact official distributed in support the array increasing of to and States effort much committed is or where we cannot determine , are particularly to charitable . charities we considerable with these requirements . We do not written do not . status from , donate . of www the solicit requirements concerning . visit . forty a could the of works Gutenberg was of . a Hart : and , ways outside the U Most unless a eBooks eBooks copyright Gutenberg Project with Gutenberg editions . distributed are necessarily people , newsletter help website . www facility Archive subscribe website how to how at our gutenberg Project Project Gutenberg , eBooks about