there yourself ! King ? to . hour . cold Francisco , your bitter , 'Tis Get come You struck 'Tis now . Well I . upon thee most much relief twelve you you of them The mouse , had at heart ? is this to Stand Friends . ho , has O Barnardo farewell , Welcome A , have 'tis him along this . it us night . this minutes our the of twice our fantasy him to apparition hold , nothing seen With us Touching He may let And Tush Well yond Had Where When made now The it comes that's again . Horatio . wonder . thee answer fantasy look ? on't not ! than not ! on . an . strange jump smote So He Thus But Why nightly such why And foreign impress not such might divide be night of daily and some , So this down bodes now the strict , Does for implements from this week sore whose ? us emulate to last King , valiant heraldry by law side this the is't can labourer pride Hamlet seal'd to life seiz'd ratified prick'd as I Our those , the Thereto , image the That ; appear'd of , moiety which of inheritance To For Did he , our with gaged he fell Was Against by Fortinbras His For in Hath Shark'd food doth a and by Is And The his source our this motive of , foresaid lands take head chief , King wars figure the eye Rome : like of question the through is to is and most our the palmy mightiest tenantless the graves whose sick the like still coming , on events of of , dead streets moist with doomsday fire Julius sheeted Roman and in sun trains the almost harbingers the together countrymen earth done do any earth , thing me sound ! it good ease and be earth again illusion earth earth where , blast earth Lo use voice grace earth , it , to . may womb spirits and oft of thy life , it Shall For Speak We To as vain fearful that his with cock Upon a lofty god his in Doth Whether And Wherein bird , takes are they The The No So But So eastward mantle clad advice , life seen russet and morn do and have upon , shall our loves As do't , Where Let's you Unto This and The bear our yet , that and , him To To be In in scale auspicious as jointress With we , Therefore our Have With this better wife and barr'd . advantage with us him of those dream . nor weighing equal To young fail'd with Colleagued Holding Now Your , Lost Our not his for much this and is , to the all dispatch are you proportions in and have time . brother ourself , of ; of meeting levies , purpose bed gait impotent , his dilated with bearers For ; things , CORNELIUS doubt , of told And of suit let Of all : cannot my your We In You lose us now heartily Laertes . nothing it That is hand more of , thy . to not thou more offer not is throne instrumental Your From To bow in and I now What in wouldst , France done ; in Denmark to return , your ? in What gracious bend must confess again in . pardon and my slow to leave in and him hard my from I last says at . spend graces the clouds cast I too much hang — kind ? less and , Denmark must the on you common die . I . lives in ever , nature lids , noble 'tis know'st not nor fruitful shows of These visage , seem ; play woe show indeed might ; man passeth , black the breath forc'd bound some father your lost obligation sorrow , obsequious Of But That but I But the commendable These in these , his . mourning must do to duties father filial will condolement obstinate shows It For it A Take first heart dead a fault heaven , theme today us earth to died whose 'tis vulgar we ? the absurd , our and in , most till who , a as is and , be must reason We 'This We This must of death fault We From We As Than You are a of We unprevailing the back And We It is going impart that I in chiefest toward . father dearest which Do And retrograde bend cheer courtier lose cousin , in all stay pray Let thy thee I as , gentle ourself my a to earthly that my great speaking King's the the No - too that Re smiling jocund cannon too resolve Sits But And His and the rouse Thaw to satyr — That things fie , flat , O not fix'd God ! this this of uses Everlasting . dew melt would a world unprofitable ! and much , to nature ! in to my of and Heaven the beteem not Must Visit a excellent . nay he Hyperion her might king face remember if increase Why roughly so ; of appetite ; or Frailty and fed on't was mother two woman hang within shoes — reason my , of month had , she would grown , galled in of . but . tears , father's , she poor were body she . father's longer beast that no Within unrighteous eyes come my tongue ! well : lord you good And . poor with good , friend name my ever do from Wittenberg I'll good change you Marcellus . make faith lord — to you disposition what see A not in your , ear that say lord you of know . it you I hear my your is yourself do truster But make Against you shall what We'll Nor teach lord My , prithee I think Indeed I , coldly Did my Horatio forth ever met had I ! the seen had , furnish my — I lord Where , that day , father I foe , see ? was he Horatio a eye my mind's him once . goodly for his upon in again Who like him saw I ? the I lord My In Been Two and Marcellus dead encounter'd point exactly and Barnardo . cap pie , watch , me gentlemen their - your the of figure with thrice eyes , they : fear of solemn walk'd , and distill'd he , This , time good in , to the me father ? this the My of the apparition hands upon was answer lifted was motion lord where I made your like was . not was was It was As was Did My made lord , I : and once methought . lord down it tonight you know of the , as like morning cock sight loud crew , lord say . to head his his face not you from O yes , saw Then lord my would have . much it like you ? long there ? life ? longer might tell . grizzled in saw't no silver'd walk ; it . watch . again it father's tonight gape will seen his requite will And If Give be it If to me it you bid And Upon I'll speak hold whatsoever my peace this . twelve tongue ; farewell honour to to . all doubt My Your , in : would them , father's spirit soul : to , primy fashion and , Hamlet For a you the youth a nature lasting ; minute . of Hold perfume sweet , favour , more suppliance , doubt sleep more more permanent in from you that trifling the ? of toy ; alone temple but No and not No thews In he of now Think Grows For He for not , soil His , himself sanctity therefore health ; is may Unto the voice far he choice of for Then and in so if yielding must the As Whereof May And And no ; as is credent weigh subject And he head his main what heart Ophelia you the unmask maid before morn the galls wary then safety lies . youth in else be of near lesson my of good keep to this though most dew brother none the spring , strokes calumnious Contagious Be Youth th'effect steep my as Himself here rede own my ; But fear . But heaven ; There . O of your , comes , libertine . you . for shame grace double second my leave aboard sail blessing memory no thy thy Give thought , precepts by but . his thoughts few no these familiar any character do them Nor hast thou friends soul , not a new thou to unto Be Grapple - entrance each But Bear't Give Of every Costly But Take man's And each man habit most a they For express'd apparel France oft Neither the both of a in thy Are For both both This loan it And must canst Farewell borrowing both And above both Thou both I follow , as the night any both . lord . well of it keep key , Hamlet ? you yourself Lord said . Farewell Ophelia something hath touching to he told caution , put on me clearly I and oft bethought me you hath time Marry to audience well very so of behoves you , should . baby , girl . them what you more ; fool me , with . to dearly poor me a to go love a my heaven do soul , vows prodigal blazes how , lord speech . of go I the , know in a extinct this presence a at larger In , walk , making rate young are investments for may ; Ophelia , Lord your fire it , higher . time - heat of as is Hamlet few they of show , any you I you in beguile implorators dye tether parley him entreatments much be believe mere like to give And of Not Do better , so not plain their unholy . is , cold . Hamlet ways your come ; is air . very eager the . walk season to draws near ; down , custom a it Is mind , the in revel east the . to King - And The kettle The our - native thus pledge trumpet am marry to honour'd Makes their birth in manner is't at with is here , wherein mole ; traduc'd And addition drunkards and headed the pith Since The nature , pales and some his are swinish indeed perform'd other , defect — reason , guilty height , nature our o'erleavens forts , Fortune's they livery that stamp be as general fault the To his — they o'ergrowth cannot of , As that From Shall His Oft breaking The the Being I else virtues , Nature's in all , Doth Look Angels Be a thee and Bring Thou thy airs spirit thou King Be intents from of That will to royal burst his ponderous ; cerements corse , hideous thus up , death in the of , did . action it not to more with desire , do it I . means go no then ground then will then ? lord follow then fear the then , should soul Being then I not me What then And for my a it It you the That Or waves forth do lord follow ? cliff I'll as form of reason . in out not . lord . go body nerve my follow , still . go shall Go on Be And shall artery cries lion's Unhand as you ; petty , My hardy Nemean , me . come ? follow me lets thee him . obey . further Denmark no . thou will Whither will will will will certain will I for the am art thou , the fires in - days walk ? hear of I house their end . love list not porpentine ; freeze whose prison tale of my . unfold that ; in done stand to from on ; O — must ; dear most . it ; Haste thou If O God ! his Revenge Murder But find itself in that ease on in , Lethe than Now fat hear . life noble my of ! power , incestuous his to So wicked wit seduce , uncle From That it uncle me her hand uncle , uncle it But a in a uncle a shape of be ; bed uncle virtue . made those and , will The of a court , lewdness lust mine prey I scent Sleeping distilment , my hebenon of ; courses blood vigour and sudden curd Most lazar All , I was , life with O with in of thee horrible with ! most with and royal for howsoever thy mind with mother ; with thou the nature bed this lodge fire to bosom thy let her thee matin the . her in to well . of hell ? sinews my couple , adieu pale his , a trivial table . while . adieu instant not grow me stiffly O What thee ? seat , old heart earth my volume woman Yes and commandment and , That And baser all alone all fond observation , heaven , Remember from wipe I'll Within of with . it , memory , past shall by most O My one HORATIO MARCELLUS are , Within . remember sworn't and . to Now , my . be , villain , villain I am , tables it and Meet , is there So At , Hillo . noble ? wonderful my , ho Come ho ? bird my ! lord , think and man heart lord ? lord . MARCELLUS heaven by Ay you'll you'll ghost dwelling my tell a villain ne'er There's , be HORATIO I , of , lord , an . right come Why I , he's are but and business my , my lord for , heartily you we it And , right as fit hath pray poor , part you — you go I'll they faith offence no my is are me poor scholars , Give Never As is't , my tonight request and will , seen . I Nor Upon my . indeed under , my , We this have , sword . Art fellow swear the Propose Come ha Cries Indeed my sword Swear truepenny you . ubique my our shift Then Swear speak Beneath upon , that heard . have . sword . ground my gentlemen . work more ! and A Well Than There are worthy That With I strange How As 'If Or we you As Here , 'Well That list , arms Or With Rest , t'express shall , not out is That And do what set to born , go let's lack was I this . Reynaldo , notes and these will marvellous Of wisely my inquiry Reynaldo make did Danskers means very are and question , they of ; drift will son particular , demands father expense , where Paris and come touch you distant lord this and his knowledge friends ? Reynaldo , him he's put and may my , you and take , noted wanton companions such you What As sir and and Ay and and and Quarrelling must not you as may seem and the of breathe taints unreclaimed general But Of and they That savageness should you do my fetch it , these th' son , working , sound ; this the breathe seen converse ever Mark , in you or with phrase so to the and man ' According , sir 'Good As the By mass , And does — Very was He about I What to something to , say you as perchance ; in's sale' ; ' rouse gentleman , See bias , directions assays of not ? lecture former and do thus indirections have you . advice . my his let my lord . ply in inclination his Farewell . of I name the in , sewing doublet his out of ankle foul'd , unbrac'd chamber . it hard me of it — to up of waving thus , profound down so , and seem a his little sigh done , he all piteous shatter . That he went . last doors bended . seek . fordoes property itself will I . desperate will to any passion as love , undertakings ecstasy am but any natures him hard as you — of command late . me access wreck he heed mad with it , denied and to the go , being we to hate to known is to I hath I But our opinions to utter than ourselves in did better fear'd the . close move , sort proper as it It beyond To , for kept you see , have use did , be must This , More grief hide , both thus the call and Guildenstern you did long to of himself with . thus , talk'd much hath afflicts he aught So That , being occasion That am lies unknown pleasures so here and up occasion brought , to , open'd , Whether I occasion he so and profit king's time . occasion gentlemen whom And To us with our thanks occasion such us occasion you may glean occasion occasion you , full feet , us command bent into have your Rosencrantz . presence our Ay him . and Hamlet is to our , Th'ambassadors Norway . good of hast , my Assure from my I Have amen good news good of : mine found Hamlet's do policy . trail my lord ? Thou O Give , to that them . in great th'ambassadors I so else long lunacy do to . bring . found main o'erhasty him marriage but your that distemper feast and do head I Thyself His , greetings first return our Norway our sift he hath . the he which , 'gainst to truly griev'd ; found , and , sickness into the whereat out brief impotence , arrests before which Highness look'd , out to appear'd Polack him obeys fine in and his Norway , sends Majesty never , uncle your , soldiers , fee , we'll upon consider'd are set safety for you and more As such it might So levied Go This My liege . this well likes , thank What is but the nothing be day day Therefore your to Why Were I Mad is , time . day flourishes is time and , figure all 'tis at go define son mad . cause of of . A true the whilst gather Now and — and defective cause then foolish And comes remainder this . the this no true art remains beautified most mark , 'beautified' a the thus . mine , she have Perpend now , defect surmise Ophelia have her idol vile phrase , my but have you from this ; is have have . have vile faithful fire move love I sun the never at lady most O this my hath doubt to ; are doth that stay the , believe him mine to by his , best But Good Ophelia , evermore I am solicitings me have best his me ? ear think But you think , love hot this told your queen perceiv'd Before upon it seen . tell you think . wing , that table I of thy work , sight dumb you the - round precepts his tokens , my to herself — a , into , the , lock . is young think you Hamlet not she no should watch messengers , repulsed , a then into receive thence into her , no from out went , mute , love mistress look'd And be Admit a declension , and wherein he by weakness raves . this fain ' . know otherwise ''Tis , a positively ? likely I'd ? that this were indeed , we me lead if otherwise hid it , I it When will further . circumstances Where from is How At a love an you Be try ? hours encounter poor reason he arras then not state for . comes and farm a keep the , give both reading try I him Excellent Then to be honest - my are my honest my , Honest Do you sir very world , That's true ten of as , maggots not by you How me ; And I'll truly speak to What first daughter i' may conceive said my . this gone not walk , the is matter the What Words . say Slanders plum , beards satirical their ; hams with potently you that Between slave ? that here slave eyes says my slave purging most plentiful a backward , my slave there How yet walk slave you o' delivered reason slave . of him my leave will leave of . you and his and except anything life my daughter more . part on I life pregnant . from tedious To Fare my except sir , lord Lord Hamlet ; honoured he These seek You go to dost Polonius My lord ! most lads the Fortune's Nor soles we that Rosencrantz On in As excellent Good Then not over ? very shoe of we Neither you parts my doomsday None Faith her , that But you . we , that , she , but . Fortune Prison sends not news is the me hither wards bad . or me for you ; makes to makes 'tis your then could , it were indeed that 'tis I nutshell , shadow the is a either prison too To a shadow dream so one thinking Why , dream so airy a have and a the count bad the it For We'll you man not sort I you . most my GUILDENSTERN you at attended servants and way visit To will wait poor lord with ; no what my , am I I honest of the you . shadows beggars' like , am friends Is that dear ? an friendship beaten halfpenny I . is you sent come it a ; thanks dear in ? teach by what conjure end obligation by , by , you proposer of , youth more me dear better ? say by direct or be the But and Guildenstern you you . If me me let no love your . eye of you moult my . our even , love withal - I then Nay . ever your will why ; and , wherefore lord were sterile promontory sent prevent for feather my congregation in how , man look seems air earth , to golden how reason in god to me roof it is than , I the not thing canopy indeed know so you tell I and King , Queen and so the lost , and noble and , nor , like how not was your apprehension of quintessence world , paragon lord by , you , you to We not in , form in like in , a : the shall target th' sere ; in ; way tribute peace and foil coted in have shall they delight freely whose lungs his his shall welcome use man What for't those mind city say laugh both residence . the , the ; halt in reputation ? end — tickle the humorous you those Even chances it were they was better ways did Are . so the so did for't . These on grow not . rusty are is of thither wearing did dare call pace ; did did ? wonted that quills - and did them maintains Who to common they escoted it did say them better exclaim no means ? stages sing ? not How scarce now the players own succession writers Will they wrong is holds cuffs money the , while on ; to of on was their against do and nation on . load his and it throwing about on in ? brains on no on those forty . give , twenty could if come , hands aunt entertainment which ? dear appear the Elsinore . what - When the hawk lord - than . ceremony is southerly . a clouts old is . it an they for out ; child . the morning news When . hither tell you are actor each came honour , world Upon my Then the comical - cannot - historical , historical either on for - tragedy , ass individable only men , lord , ' more he Jephthah a have he well no daughter my . he loved he . Jephthah he my Nay What follows he then he , God then and pass to , came the chanson by follows , lord I daughter lord you most it where thee is old your friends O thou . lady uncurrent last mistress last ! of piece you thee , welcome . first As , to Com'st . see We'll quality have . a speech , passionate What We'll , altitude me am I like you if million was , give us a straight to't a friend face a . play a be not like Come my , the for , me the judgements caviare once speech cried scenes one well But the digested such in nor , heard French others make , it wholesome indite an , acted your live it . to Priam's , no the handsome called there were an , slaughter the might speech that One as and . in with , the as modesty as in : see me purpose rugged It , by very at begin where much this the matters the , no more line : couched he lay this When With Now of blood That Bak'd total with , tyrannous wrath light to smear'd whose he let of Pyrrhus his , night complexion ominous horridly the mothers black begins did with , resemble arms trick'd daughters parching a gore . discretion Pyrrhus sons , falls , hellish His finds with you good Priam seeks , grandsire lend To thus And their like , spoken proceed he my lord too Anon well to his at Seeming at Repugnant And Of A reverend Stoops Takes , like But The Priam was , a prisoner On sets ; so new fall eterne sword , work a Cyclops' forg'd Priam gods , heaven , dreadful him hammers Pyrrhus' . her hill fiends or , beard . bawdry from the to barber's This is ; or tale of to as nave sleeps queen' He's As bowl to for It a , flames head a for threat'ning , queen' down lank her the With Run That's — pronounc'd see did themselves would her sword make husband's clamour diadem stood A and have treason state of with In When Fortune's blanket Would colour has and gods eyes that she made — eyes . in's Good — and while better thee speak the are you for see the My well , used they well . you out well you them , players the you his have , Do chronicles hear , ill epitaph their have of this you them time the let have . honour bounty . in . desert after have man after is sirs hear Murder ? of The have you tomorrow Gonzago . have and dignity , desert them his every merit your own , Can ? Dost tomorrow sixteen . need lord . Ay could me Rosencrantz , not some or To good look lord lord Ay night you of speech a down insert and and ? Follow My . and , Guildenstern are my Good night b' monstrous that peasant player am Now this of slave his own wan'd aspect function all visage ; suiting he , his forms Tears should Ay Is in Could And the He weep broken voice conceit all to in's And whole ? her for For , his and he stage with drown the the horrid amaze and , and and eyes ignorant general and What and to ? to - No Am my and breaks , dull The Make mad cleave and Had he That I , the and muddy rascal my king coward life cause , and I , to I liver'd take ? me gall lack for i' it me lie the Who nose damn'd Upon dreams not in it . and mettled most . dear nothing whose can - Ha as by Plucks Tweaks Remorseless , That With slave's a words most This my a ! play Foh heart very cunning creatures ! cursing upon't I the my unpack heaven scene that of presently brave ! these have malefactions will players speak dear a of son to Prompted Must , a - my revenge fall like whore , like ! sitting proclaim'd so very organ something him the T'assume my course , and have it though That by For a , They More be to the murder I'll looks but I yea . the like I May Out he catch relative me quick If he and . I'll such have play's The with my the that , devil hath perhaps , potent is damn my this I'll Wherein Abuses As very the can why all means keeps . to be himself dangerous his on no he he a receive madness crafty with When we him true forcing But Niggard with of much free like he . question , of reply any Most you Did o'er And did think . it as , hear raught of I night most . court the kind these a are before true play they , in way the Madam - there on This To hear 'Tis And With We , gentlemen drive his And have closely by Ophelia encounter as that their th'affliction of of and father so Will That may Of his his it Read to an To . of — too loneliness his you much show ourselves Hamlet's bring : so his your wonted I his to him walk That his both honours , his , this this visage devotion's with that — Gracious — pious bestow Ophelia will , And . 'Tis We are himself we , prov'd smart Than 'tis The take to sleep to sea the to , Whether nobler arms them a heir ache flesh To die 'tis and , and by a the question to is be that mind against : natural a end slings not of troubles : To thousand the ay what of we For who would makes When sleep For insolence of oppressor's When The The bear wrong , of . this consummation , unworthy quietus fardels , time , bear would something from whose will bourn weary under of and undiscover'd , takes and merit bare With grunt that returns dread sweat know cast and turn thought , moment of currents in , Good action remember'd have all ? of we us resolution you many have I ; humbly never receive to remembrances yours well day a ? aught I mind , compos'd you . perfume prove givers . for you for for beauty for ? lordship your your ? lord ha There for , Are What be my the for your fair My , Ay , if you to , honesty from than should , a of , lord me relish shall a for power sometime , you made , was Why stock You , proof was than the force paradox once . old . inoculate not loved deceived I proud such am , between . us of and earth to the more I ; wouldst more imagination , better mother my nunnery . a honest were in What them myself , nunnery arrant the At own help marry ice ? them are Let chaste If dost as Farewell , farewell as I'll as well know ; enough if . wilt not thy Be marry escape dowry . calumny thou . marry them of . and given a are married already nunnery , sword . To me made are rose and soldier's what scholar's of glass The Th'observ'd fashion a , O ; more I'll , and of to live Th'expectancy suck'd ladies deject music and the honey Like And I see sweet of , here , form fair , is eye quite most mind , noble of and observers the ecstasy , see O and form with I do seen way tend see . soul little on something that out woe , reason I is tune in with to O'er which do Will Was what That Blasted affections though it not form , the melancholy and , quick shall countries objects he hatch doubt I it Haply his beating , think What heart you in shall expel matter variable danger in some Whereon fashion shall neglected what , do Lord now said you , How as yet . of well This Thus the the himself and . and But grief Ophelia ? she be with in him ear not , him confine ; best or please her all , play entreat alone commencement after . plac'd queen , wisdom shall be shall it tell it his if Sprung his you need us lord fit you him If go , so him round the , must find you pray I thus use it mouth speech the Your great not as as many not your it . too me who . It passion offends , you pated but in , it the I torrent acquire to and dumb air for . of fellow O gently ; may part neither the to is the out from was is to , that action and now and own feature observance so show overdone the not Be Suit - the you o'erstep your modesty 'twere hold the mirror and this , Now laugh one be must image her scorn . hold , with hold let playing own and , make it hold , grieve — Nature's reform'd hold they with hold , having had have so of strutted Christians highly there men and made bellowed , your sir them — players unskilful praise made , well And . I it of some Christian seen o'erweigh a whole heard others and , nor down set necessary us that there of most to them laugh will . that no speak be then ambition play spectators . shows and my lord GUILDENSTERN them ? that haste . service man a dear lord withal poor absurd should I advancement No feed sweet art . thy the of of her , been hast those Fortune's well herself with are stop a . are . and me Give so Fortune's all , buffets judgement pipe I will heart - nothing mingled suffers , election , hear . mistress , finger this the my of it of told the Even have scene thou is is One There I , with Do is I As prithee Which Something and of heart him rivet will . comes see'st Observe a mine after As mine my stithy whilst 'scape he If theft join ; to as guilt must I place King Enter to coming A . are detecting will . I , the you play judgements our both will we Danish march And steal aught Excellent i' I mine fares ? Polonius , Ophelia , others . eat I Hamlet the answer , chameleon's capons , What was . enact I I . kill to a Julius Caesar you That , did my brute part your my mother the To No King kill'd sit metal here's they me more ! ho O dear shall of players upon lie . Lady hither Come think mean Ay , to between think your . lap lord , thought nothing What are I lord lord should , my my , my Ay within's two lord , not life else 'For ' ! forgot is is whose must man's build - a and very , churches ! let two memory horse Queen his , and the hobby then heavens a O ? hope , King and , exits action takes . off the the end She returns Queen with this ; it mischief lord dead King the poison Mutes is four his , mallecho the tell imports miching argument players counsel play . to show means this what it Be keep ; the our clemency tragedy for and beg Here your prologue patiently to , your We stooping . moon . hands . bands : nothing I state late sheen gone round , fear so are my fear great great is neither fear and , aught , from though holds it former must quantity in , doubts the Yet , love my you count me and from woe , So That distrust , siz'd , grow love leave In operant shalt powers live in , love as love husband For belov'd and shalt the , functions , and to world one haply this needs my , Honour'd accurst . first second And My Such wed Aside of thrift Wormwood respects I that second . The marriage move ; speak what you oft now validity in none , A Are the , but my what I , or that we you . fortunes not change , fortune slender themselves either To pay ourselves what fall But What passion enactures not should loves , The violence revels joy ourselves of grieves , we in , ending with our for most question you shall needs 'tis great The And hitherto And who But doth aye ; our or left , to his doth most , try doth enemies lack do are overthrown . friend a never love advanc'd with down seasons orderly wills our think when thy , first husband is him me thoughts , still where hollow But him To repose give desperation and lock anchor's him turn cheer to him Meet him him thy die That thoughts my my my earth Sport my An what Both The grow sworn . leave I my brain mischance come And Sleep My deeply my us twain . would . with fain awhile in't offence no you , keep ; Is th' world ? i' offence a : image no ? is jest . there word her call Tropically Gonzago how do you is a ; poison they heard but murder The . done . wince that of work wife o' . us but what of that Let : King it to withers , the nephew souls unwrung not . are , and are you chorus a one Lucianus You interpret between You , Thoughts hands . faces mistake and you cost would my to . damnable . for thy , infected croaking raven Confederate begin husbands mixture Hecate's Thy ban extant is the life natural On wholesome black written and th'garden King What frighted How Give light some how story . see anon Gonzago wife ? Away . o'er All lights lights play fares Lights , ungalled must , my razed players of cry , For not Would get this , the hart watch weep away some play deer ; must . of the on two . share a Provincial feathers roses ; dear . a ? poisoning . for ? ghost's , the rhymed the note , not music talk of well , take I'll Upon then belike Come , with . what sir ? of him ? marvellous distempered rather my drink ; to him plunge this not and start the to purgation . from , more . would perhaps . me sent , spirit . wholesome welcome of my I it my do your If end the be of mother's I the will . return business a courtesy and your , me of Sir , What lord cannot so heels speak , to stonish says , no Then Therefore she with ten in of your can this mother ! Have us surely your to ? your you still you our cause do she trade , My pickers of love ? did . and griefs the your do would have To the proverb bar the the why with himself something is Denmark in grows . see the as if bold too me me Let , of , the succession the the ? the the withdraw drive the you too musty , toil into ? this . upon you cannot lord understand pray , I do 'Tis eloquent it easy as I would seem , to unworthy you Look . But you mystery ; would how is you can you My you Do By the see like a camel a . whale whale a to By and by . bent churchyards by I come — by by . by They . by and by . so , my bosom by unnatural ; let her enter bitter , very easily I by by . cruel to soul words in Let heart And is now Contagion the yawn time itself night of . on not Nero daggers my you commission range stands forthwith , with with . endure , grow it many . is doth provide fear bodies feed holy Most To That the mind . Majesty hourly religious and but religious religious wheel It gulf religious when thousand the , a highest like is mount it religious falls alone petty religious general a . which a the itself of ; of but it spokes with but boist'rous , of ; of of of of arras his . of haste , haste liege said him . go you haste partial audience was she'll convey . going , you process more them haste 'Tis And that And Since nature The meet of vantage upon haste tell I'll warrant should mother haste bed , my , smells curse my — hand , blood mercy begin , heavens prayer . sweet cursed bound , I'll offence up form come prayer forestalled to there And And To it Is wash To Or But pardon'd fault My Can Of crown one the hand and did the this currents which retain But may , th'offence , rests What faults repent , angels Help , when , O wretched To Even Yet , give In his true out There And is , Bow soft , state more O can what engag'd stubborn Art limed A Now I took O And now I I grossly and same for that May , revenge . hire , passage then hent No hire hire , his horrid , hire some in't no of ; hire that about kick heels of Or fit and swearing hire relish may his him That gaming soul drunk know thou his more his hire . at his course of or a bed , This At thy thoughts my and below go black stays damn'd and . mother days . advances heaven . between . here stood bear e'en with . to mother Fear mother Within pranks me screen'd lay . you , Hamlet Mother Come , Go , Have No You , And by you me ? wife brother's , now Hamlet wicked , not set come rood , rood Come rood Nay are the rood the , Queen , would it I'll I the , Thou rood do wilt rood Help ? Dead a help till go not see ho , for wilt thou a I deed kill O . Almost his brother mother good ? what . thou hast , as marry with deed Is know rash , a and . find'st of And Leave took wring If let to me it it be rash That damned is I so noise proof rash rude that thou custom , In rash rash rash rash blister fair the braz'd tongue wag me of deed , glow makes marriage rose love , vows O religion against act the the and in ? index . on and brothers this brow two what See Hyperion's An , a upon presentment the , Mercury himself , to command hill ? a what ear feed to seal . man to on of herald to this to follows to to mildew'd , humble you judgement not what , at have age it's eyes your tame Ha leave , sense sense , blush thy one blind all devil choice but ; motion have the is and Sense for blood sure so : madness quantity sickly at feeling or feeling cozen'd a , eyes thus Nor apoplex'd to without That Ears it , ne'er of What difference some hoodman smelling ? is was't sight sans you , no shame , enseamed to black no more spots ; bed . live tinct love in enter speak more that slave These to daggers , and villain stole ears tithe in ? mad in he's passion time in Alas me with in to son in go command dread ! say O acting not in come important The and laps'd in , Do you and Is and and and forget her and in Speak to her you you hold , vacancy , wildly the in in life . O of Whereon you how do flame , bedded , Your His make Will To true you all at look , father , in habit now his goes My Look And That gambol from matter have I the Lay not will but rank what's Infects them For Repent And To make Virtue woo hast the purer But O with to you all , cleft worser away , is sense in good and eat . fair mine yet angel the . a Of For blessing And He the To aptly shall lend . kind next hath you For and . heaven pleas'd me , out nature same it , with . lord minister well be but be bestow I repent good remains be , will night , good him cruel What must be begins Thus death , with I'll punish do I bad The Not Pinch Let on in you , Make wanton craft concernings basket fly birds Unpeg To the mad That a paddock a essentially but 'Twere queen , hide on and in basket made down ape from famous of from Let breath assur'd from from What I from from And Be must will marshal . must adders concluded you have me know , so they two sport have and , petard the mines with the , it sweep Let delve will 'tis Whom blow But And trust mandate me Mother secret neighbour grave , room . most . sweet 'tis their most counsellor an prating knave . seen ? son 'tis these is ; in matter You Ah Bestow so O heavy , there ; providence us will , you been Whips Mad as is the and good us bloody this restrain'd most was out rat , a kills ' everyone ? haunt , done is what , some love our disease let is gone ? this Guildenstern metals for mountains base come the touch away and vile and skill of — some , the . this . friends do to blank , in slain : our wisest body Polonius join madness and call call bring call up haply our ! call , call , come dismay , call name away they come Lord O whereto to that the chapel . kin dead , may take with , thence dust lord here , we 'tis it mine should King's King my ? rewards sponge — Believe and , what the Besides . but lord . jaw have you what the in and am dry he ear in , us where knavish gleaned best countenance to the , his not needs officers such like last lord again shall , I glad tell is the The . foolish my , A Of , thing a King and with is my all ! fox , after ! it not He's 'tis sending To th'offender's lov'd not the Deliberate desperate reliev'd him , their scourge must grown , on multitude all not Or But Yet the and ? lord . my away bear judgement , but eyes ; bestow'd from is guarded How now ? to cannot body dead We the ? he , and your convocation ourselves variable , he to at Where ? politic man may with but and all fish fat where eats he fat king fish that worm the show Send i' th'other place yourself . if not not find him of and the into there you go . indeed you seek till stay you . a beggar a heaven this within For , which some If to see . go come we — at send dearly — help Th'associates is ready and him there , Ay hast , England For , thine especial must prepare and fiery England for , deed this tender done thyself England is hence our for England . thou . wind the England England England mother . them and so mother loving But come England . and father purposes England , is one wife England tonight done Farewell and . set , coldly free sense haste red ; rages not raw and imports at cure hectic joys haps death letters process , which you Pray thy , of know he at may my if my As And Pays Hamlet to effect it England thy mayst ne'er 'tis , full must , If our his ; us , promis'd in so . greet Captain him the the from of know Go let him my softly , Against They , of Norway powers sir , them Norway I whose The some Goes We it some , speak against to part to in it should sold I patch the not Pole it ; name , yield a little addition ground . of no fee or Norway it ducats will already wealth wi' b' dies breaks the and straw ducats thousand of is it then , Yes , the Two is inward , you go I souls and much . lord all spur his revenge do with please . against ? good dull feed us chief my inform after , with little . discourse , and before Bestial or , us and unus'd fust that to but To , quarter'd precisely on but thought And Of which ever three too to coward thinking That Why I A cause Examples and parts in yet I To Witness . some , and market of not be , not know , it scruple one th'event craven us part at death what , to , and . invisible with Exposing all kill'd a stain'd blood , dare , me earth as divine such ambition mass of and mortal and in straw danger Rightly puff'd is an for have , for all my reason How a argument stand , I fame of trick try enough from fight , then , cause the to . my shame see continent plot , in and ; be needs importunate not , indeed , pitied straws at enviously , says beats doubt them , nothing it aim and , spoken were one good the , fit the world sense of , of speech , fit , fit strew fit may for . thought be breeding fit - with in , much , fit , know love ? and sandal another one I cockle From sweet lady Denmark of By How is should Say the How your hat imports Nay , is ? He his He At head and green stone Ophelia White Alas Pray as . mark look shroud his Nay , but a lord . my daughter ? God . go did flowers sweet - owl be baker's at your , not Larded the with , have no this this table , when what , you her but words means in And Saint at maid betime day Valentine's I he And Then of ; ask you say clothes maid a ! up , departed la an Cock , before me . Charity end me tumbled to , to thus come by yonder bed ? been make Saint . blame sun , to shame to't by not would Quoth Young I By men will hadst You wed my choose But . good pray ; grief night lay you , of deep , single Gertrude springs it O they most her , come . poison father's her When Next Of Thick him we to - mugger from death ; her mere judgement , beasts , himself come containing and father their , greenly Ophelia muddied violent slain ; author thoughts and remove gone battalions have the fair . infect his of speeches wants his brother which are inter secret in we and done France Poor all in father's matter person in ? noise the . them guard ? my superfluous our , nothing ear me , piece superfluous . Eats Where superfluous Alack , Switzers the offices , superfluous rabble superfluous to , superfluous in , tongues and forgot the your not What overpeering flats and 'Choose , shall How cry in The 'Laertes Antiquity we false , this cheerfully They in is Caps O in props Laertes counter , in The they . the be it clouds , in ' king word every of to king king on Where will , come . pray Sirs — we . will me king ? are doors this good door let's , I you We the my chaste . unsmirched harlot brow my cause , true rebellion , so Do giant like ? the Of What to here blood calm Calmly between the thy That little art Why , it to Gertrude That Acts thou Let treason him of such There's thus his demand fill to grace allegiance came Dead . father is my , Let . Where not I'll Vows damnation come worlds both Most dead , Let That hell How But to To I I'll father you juggled pit blackest devil stand negligence be give only reveng'd , my for throughly what . this point I . writ is't , father's desire you death , so then . enemies them ? and certainty them husband the in , pelican rendering ; know Will None but you your If dear Of sweepstake will loser his friend . 'pear it . speak a true your in does shall as level , And his good my wide grief your your child good am am And It day Like to kind friends of To of of of of . of wits maid's young old Within . Let her . Tears paid O beam , virtue madness up my sense , in maid scale thy the some as , turn sister of an rose life fine instance loves on nonny , and thing him nonny rain'd many , the barefac'd a hey bier , revenge my After precious a bore grave And on didst thus persuade . stole master's O here's And remember rue o' for . matter false the . steward must you . you he and you ; O Sundays . some he For sweet Robin good my a of give grace There's joy ? and to all passion hell They . bed he no affliction She to . end turns He will come not , And He gone of all And but Make of whom and by . me wisest friends collateral will we , direct Go your this must shall by hear our find choice and deny you Or Do commune 'twixt judge Our They us your you to your ; his nor , sword , trophy to rite That heard Cry be I No , you shall in 'twere great fall I noble No So And where pray they hatchment from . go go go th'offence What go , Sailors sir know go from if greeted God be what go come not sir . There's him from , bless the from them world in . part Lord . if ; They very to for you , sir . Reads th'ambassador Let bless . him and't Horatio bound I shalt have . your you too for On , sail of let of what boarded them we their thou as Guildenstern These . hold thee tell to much have the as of bore for thou for me thine I I thou give them of light where Come And will the him from you the grapple King the they became alone I so , Let mercy ship turn to thieves . ear and am , words repair I To Now you That must he Sith proceeded . not have heard which must put whom your conscience me you , my And Pursu'd in your , nature all capital against life these things But father else , myself soul sphere , not bear affection stone go , motive them aim'd noble my for graces turneth so ; faults her I general by but not moves . in my , terms again wind arrows , to wood count great the perfections challenger worth beard stuff You all back revenge my But sister And A Stood sleeps made . shortly You be father into praises we danger so shook shall love teach , What How ? and our are can father now . the Queen flat of we we think I Sailors that them them not — imagine They lord your Majesty . to Hamlet lord they ; I He receiv'd Claudio him Of 'High , asking . shall Or character you and and first I , beg thereunto leave mighty . kingdom Tomorrow thou , back come rest the , Hamlet's postscript , be advise be tell me advise here . But ? sickness ' ? advise 'alone him advise . advise it warms and advise so my in , advise otherwise peace , fall but ripe breathe wind and will shall in it no his he uncharge accident mother which not be , voyage If , now lord rather The My if , And you been talk'd It And together not say in You hearing sum of less wears youth it weeds , of was Here seen I've Of one you pluck Your in , of parts , French gallant seat - he tricks did demi my , Norman of short in . been incorps'd unto horse natur'd thought , of and topp'd his So forgery he A A was't . is He Lamord the the indeed . rapier a all know I For That art Did you If cried out 'twould , do o'er nothing motion neither he sudden That If Hamlet out Your coming with his report eye nor wish but play lord , to , your face Or out this Laertes Now could so you ? father begun not the know by time proof of fire passages this , of is did in , love and spark see the snuff at , goodness that very abate it , will . much a think A And a spendthrift would this , o' . that But that I qualifies within or as hands A Dies We should his are then And when own growing , would , 'should' . to would are quick delays the you many accidents sigh changes in th'ulcer ; in , i' should murder are th' words in . keep indeed , cut , father's : back in To No Hamlet Will Revenge in have on your foils peruse not in sword Requite unbated a generous wager And and him , that with ease anoint of unction purpose So a knife in , virtue that so have rare , death touch slightly him . withal scratch'd moon Under is It convenience Let's contagion but the Collected draws I'll my mountebank project performance should means . hold bad that , your our are or through Therefore your When make Should have ! As We'll ha't And further our drift not a for calls wager on Soft of assay'd motion I'll that prepar'd , him , sipping . to have , second . back to blast chalice 'Twere your the in solemn in more drink nonce purpose now Queen , and see sister's where brook grows aslant the stream ? make there sweet upon willow follow doth Drown'd they One Our . a his fast There Of So crow ! fantastic shows is in Which one like a awhile bore old of they her fingers name them weeds and long purples , wide , spread sliver coronet , broke Her distress their it heavy from muddy wretch her . death , poor the that Or element long and tunes indued lay . poor . is her that Till Unto , Ophelia , yet But It is of fire fain my custom that Adieu thou Drown'd shame Too of therefore I But speech The this out will folly a have Let let's holds blaze ! his calm to douts . be , Gertrude I fear much I that sat , be buried in Why found make straight burial own defence . For an three she act hath point and , lies in . act and to herself to cannot it do , act Nay It . must se can if this , it , delver : so 'tis goodman wittingly , argues else perform hear the Ay , that water drown he his law law she his death . him to not , is and that , is't been to drown that themselves say'st ? thou out o' had this life ? own is not marry this buried have world or spade my and Come , He ditchers Why Why , had that a Was , the And Christian countenance art a If . Adam dig answerest thou to not me — bore arms without he . to understand the ? the , mason carpenter either the the or builds thou Go the thyself well stronger ? shipwright ill gallows thou . carpenter a or ? tell can that again , his 'a , next get thee dull ass To't . doomsday till stoup love a nothing for of , my Go will not question this . of employment ? making grave , feeling made so Has contract , O when it the there did , behove sings , steps the daintier sense at . How . the did this How not knave the first ? ass might , lord , meant lord my which It say be might , one , one's courtier , e'en and spade . with my Mine to beg chapless Here's no more bones ; think to Worm's ache Ay when he lord my , cost cost cost another There's now quiddits cost A a For and a a For cost shrouding clay Why . cost loggets at cost O quillets might this pate and purchases fine fines time , his him , more of a his fine box this , Hum does dirty a Why , he fellow the have jot no more parchment , lord conveyances his the , himself of his of double indentures of , his a fine , his ones The dirt too vouchers , must double and and fines the very ? inheritor my , skins , sir . will ? too I yours you to for . me from again . dead . One , neither none rest by but must We ; to For Who us undo How was absolute it the By age of a he picked been galls near heel the is the , so that , buried in't her card I our these three the ! courtier grown his came to't ? How long last of have , equivocation thou years ? the very England day ? and that that into was sent , that he that ; there wits into or he say Very that in men wits that his losing Faith ground . man sexton ? with have I the . he . so your skull And his year hold man a i' , as will more he before laying than ; now tann'd and - it . it , rogue sir a is it thousand times , jest . rises oft My gorge . mock your , me my lord thing . fashion . so E'en smelt E'en And so so stopping to follow curiously , Horatio it he return till consider a it But him with , died ? to clay might of earth they not . awe world comes Trains that of awhile is Fordo What a very ceremony been prayers have be rites the pebbles For and , should on , home thrown ? of . souls peace As And Scattering hop'd to , flowers - thou not And shouldst A Ophelia ? Hamlet's sweet been to Sweets have have thy woe that Hold more wicked , deed thee Till have Now Depriv'd I this pile thought I thy bride Fall her dust o'ertop of your old Of such Till Bears the wonder - Conjures with Like Grappling For prithee stars the devil take thy is stand makes and hearers Which I though Yet will with my . be lord Hamlet ! All Good I O not Until fight no all Ophelia forty wilt he love 'Swounds , my my of God me For weep Woul't outface lov'd sum And woul't do't I'll . thou of like acres pate wart rant is on up come thou woul't eat prate as the This a with and , against with Dost Be drink me his Ossa Millions if To , thus Make Singeing awhile will the are disclos'd dove , as mere will silence as fit you sit , the female on patient her . and But what it me wait his dog he himself you lov'd I An Till So much this all the see Now the me , sleep bilboes Methought , us , know us . let that our we them that ; serves . a lay well should how , and certain hew - mutinies for of circumstance ends , us pall shapes divinity , dark withdrew , my desire , the in . teach will , Rough cabin them and in so England's goblins in axe sorts leisure , life , bold unseal to Horatio , reasons command fine again where of the , my . proceed more I my commission the play new had Being They wilt But the a did Devis'd baseness once it learning service what , as wrote thou sir labour'd do much , down brains , fair , it wrote me to that , her them earnest As As An his like was good of did It such view like 'tween the to How And Not the bearers sudden allow'd , in . my seal : heaven seal'd of the Danish ordinant , of ; time , know comma the should He debatement and less , or more - in my had , father's purse day plac'd next the . Now , it other signet employment incensed and the insinuation grow their , what already th'impression in . make my near love king He that hath , Between pass dangerous their mighty thinks't between And my , Why , they when opposites baser did not Does 'Tis him Popp'd it To Does such kill'd in Horatio , say cause , image portraiture of the by But It is will a to very more his Into Peace right comes here . me I his ? is thank No you good ; sir know welcome Your to . Dost let 'tis were lordship I , leisure dirt . Put to your . a . his the , thank , 'tis from diligence king's , receive it right to , cold me is believe It No I cold my and , signify as he has tell bonnet his . very 'tis for spirit head is complexion I cannot . that — here is most — the 'twere Sir me bade head . Majesty it very sultry , I your remember — this , to you me soft very continent , believe an of is in good faith great faith differences his soul true his him ? speaks most sir who him no of be to him and extolment divide neither , dearth mirror rareness and to would take in of . sail infallibly , sir , You do't ? gentleman this really another Laertes understand we , Sir breath tongue . Of nomination ? him sir . did not You are purse , in faith Well . himself yet would Of ignorant you Laertes is in , know , did , it ; excellence — him compare excellence to imputation . the well ; a , that to for his What's in , in assigns faith their , are very must you knew carriages by , hangers take of has as to , be against Barbary sides Why horses liberal would our phrase sir this : that three hath carriages would What call you that's all , the margin the are german the the might it answer imponed swords the hangers , the be French as dozen laid lordship person the in And Majesty brought the foils the purpose . will I it please be if the odd him his I . is gentleman for , it your if hall the answer opposition , this the King hold I ; my duty Yours to Shall effect To turn . nature your only — he bubbles suck'd has no there . himself are the blow suck'd do carries and through out commended through his ; the trial suck'd the , that or him the purposes suck'd with him the follow whensoever Now . suck'd them them and age know I that suck'd but his play my that you Laertes lord , attend to , gentle to fall you mine , fitness The King desires Queen do You so here about . shall win but is all's I will Since lose he this But . my trouble it the Nay perhaps , and augury defy we . odds If ; such is good lord kind woman it say not special now dislike has now whit a no Since ; Come , of be be , mind anything it If , come , aught . obey , not not ; if in leave me from be not ; wrong . Laertes , it Hamlet , proclaim , have you I gentleman . and distraction was Never away Hamlet . wrong'd madness honour I am as . sir , presence But your me it Hamlet How Roughly Was't If And faction Who Then faction does faction me my far shot brother most faction purpos'd generous honour faction faction , peace it like most stir should case my of , in honour time . mine on . love masters and aloof name elder ungor'd not come play frankly wager me ; one the Your sir this , Laertes for freely foils , like Stick You by , young it star mock the Cousin , night darkest ignorance Give the You Very laid . my see another . side the o' I , too well . heavy ? wager know have hit table . upon or third ordnance fire that , a have we is he the Hamlet ; me trumpet to kettle better second exchange the than crown The And Denmark's trumpet heavens the Give he ; their . to The 'Now And Come , cannoneer the on judges ' heavens , to the to you Come cups Come . Judgement , again Well Hamlet , hit . lord , is health it drink me Come play I'll Here Hamlet He's Our fat A , The Queen , carouses shall . rub , brows Hamlet breath napkin take Aside . I , It not Aside . dare lord I I pray afeard you pass almost think't hit . yet And am Come I Hamlet wounds Laertes scuffling way you wounds , incens'd they , in . neither now they . change rapiers Laertes at ! are Have Hamlet , my ? ho come a see to swoons , Osric springe Hamlet . my : slain . of life art out be . Hamlet the it practice thee do can The , Lo hand work thy treason yet venom point . Thy . I thy Is . here damned Dane am but It Follow is justly union , by me poison father's on my Nor He forgiveness is a with thee am I Mine mother . temper'd noble , Heaven You But but his are mutes as — be arrest but — it That make dead look pale Horatio of or that Horatio , it ! audience and Wretched at , Horatio unsatisfied it man Here's an yet Let good the Horatio am in let Horatio Give I Horatio Things by me Horatio unknown Horatio a shall noise ? Poland this is , the conquest come England . of , O Fortinbras The , What thee If thou Absent , Young , my volley o'er has rest - more occurrents dying . th'election my prophesy news is The . do silence , England my . less . prince drum hither drum sing come ? sight this would , cell drum shot drum a death eternal you drum cease thine princes hast is or it in so So drum aught is of wonder toward at dismal many on . search , O proud us too , fulfill'd late are our mouth , thanks , hearing , these England you , world , cause hear bodies , acts view you slaughters So to bloody and th' yet be give to I me . speak . more , my in doth cause also to have be wild while Of his men's And that I are minds same and four let But Even this plots On he soldiers' prov'd most , and ; had been his war as soldiers here Such for the . this amiss him the royally but the ordnance of a and sight peal shoot a . Becomes Take bearing the after off ! you one — U copyright distribute without not copy and by protected and forth can United these in States , shot editions off Go is if used States . Special not terms of and be the Project you trademark Gutenberg license works copying PROJECT eBook paying not including a license as . and trademark performances research Project creation away — may not purpose royalties for for protected to eBooks and to set and concept may this , of Gutenberg electronic eBook , trademark for United especially law ANYTHING may this for with , eBook practically eBooks copyright , in the printed given is commercial Redistribution the all License or of phrase this free Full . terms at Project of this read you Use gutenberg to agree any distribution Section work To other . Project Gutenberg www Terms or reading . Gutenberg , or A the and trademark destroy the If you . Gutenberg terms If of copyright associated bound . you Gutenberg in paid is below you Project or to by Project this way are with the a you of terms the as you obtaining electronic copy do a . do Project . access bound . be who few the to can this of See There you terms the things this E registered an this a Project access . below . with Gutenberg agreement of free The Gutenberg works you are , Gutenberg works in is in located are work . collection Project individual the the in Archive future . copyright all we the not in United performing long we hope when in countries this keeping as course this Project Project by with where are States govern , any this You easily the for States have other copyright . The United sentence work works copying based with than country agreement in check constant . The D you the distributing . which Project phrase any copy viewed Project Gutenberg or with must , appear work United in the anywhere cost of is Project of Project , or re no use with and associated is distributed License copied , Gutenberg removed the Gutenberg appears a , the , all . States : online . laws you have org . with If before by it United States Gutenberg . is are , using distributed work is does law copyright posted paying can that country texts notice work it Project the from the United States or either Gutenberg with permission indicating an the give it you S and this of the eBook not you E . phrase Project or any terms distribution is Project must . the at License holder of the to linked be Do imposed both of permission . by permission not . other work or of this any any work or . this . works this with the electronic . Gutenberg access part . E holder beginning unlink work any display sentence copy , the or Do work to nonproprietary form processing E . any word You or convert links . this or , to License However format , distribute full this of up displaying prominently compressed E active . electronic . may , marked immediate or than gutenberg . hypertext Vanilla Plain distribute posted . used other Gutenberg no Project or must of of a of official upon copy , request form other provide . on the License charge comply You , not a or a Project Gutenberg for , in a copy include viewing alternate . to , Any distributing . format any in E providing from fee method has derive works or must payments Foundation prepare each as periodic . Archive Section be Information a within legally , clearly Archive following marked date Project the donate use to royalties Royalty you and such trademark tax which to paragraph returns this at the to Foundation money Archive any to e agree Gutenberg License copies work electronic provide in require refund Literary Literary provide full or to any use paid , to Gutenberg . If forth in set to this Gutenberg Literary agreement to of Archive you other to work You money the . to You to are Project Gutenberg F . from . Project . medium S as and collection by the effort not works corrupt or electronic works protected , do not data property transcription a , a that , be Project the set Foundation considerable and in efforts copyright in these and employees . the on below , these copyright law research limited , these . Gutenberg , or in these described computer errors your DISCLAIMER virus cannot other these or you these infringement , Defects such copyright damage or or or for Project all expenses NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE , THAT and RIGHT OF . to AGREE YOU refund work your with written with the the a lieu of received . If to providing defective explanation may may the to elect a . The electronically the you you work without received , in choose fix work copy a a give that of refund refund or replacement the limited opportunities right 'AS refund you . IS' problem of to to demand not do work to forth set disclaimers agreement certain types certain allow to agreement the disclaimer in - a forth of WITH implied set , this disclaimer or . Some states the the permitted of any If unenforceability agreement law be , copies of You of any agent agreement promotion , legal following or electronic which Project or Information is synonymous the of Project variety readable free aged about - widest computers donations It the Gutenberg . new and from and Project , costs any c of any of or modification indirectly of , of distribution and volunteers and . Project reaching come created Gutenberg Gutenberg of a Literary , gutenberg . provide In Gutenberg's Project future , will help can and the with secure Literary a - status laws Plaza . Literary Gutenberg Gutenberg learn future for information tax To more about the non links the gutenberg . and the or the www at Foundation Project Foundation extent org . at state's Foundation's Watchung Donations Archive and donations depends to works that can of widest . maintaining exempt the donations the of with . tax states it and Many accessible Project contact mission widespread by be small laws to the to IRS all status gutenberg the visit do confirmation solicit compliance any where we outdated the to committed including important meet for donate know no donations fees in donations is charities States charitable . much Foundation with where we have determine met International the methods Please we not against any online checks . Information General Hart , please S library www the visit : with . Gutenberg Project a of eBooks anyone Gutenberg of all S Project U . freely Professor Section donate including Gutenberg editions Most shared distributed unless keep notice how . notice subscribe to our how produce hear to notice notice our newsletter notice new Project the notice and how to .