Stand Stand 'Tis Stand You carefully . Stand Long Stand Stand relief And I am much and watch my hear to ground . this If Have a meet is reliev'd who . you ? to good Dane night you , Barnardo good ! him of A is Marcellus our . thing . has appear'd nothing fantasy twice , sight will our Tush may With What entreated of come , it to appear assail story speak apparition this night ears , He us let And When Had let same Last Barnardo down sit , now it It Question to . harrows it , this . night time charge thee . thee charge stalks it Stay speak speak and gone and You will . speak . pale ! Of and true ! not ? not avouch believe ! thyself ! had angry parle this ; ice on King armour 'Tis stalk bodes what before and he I dead . that he eruption this Polacks in know land knows , cannon Does the in But King the most Good you even that is't image Was At , That goes ; the sweaty sore this Sunday can I can now know , Whose as the What so of pride Hamlet , to which our with ratified Fortinbras ; his law life , Fortinbras as by our but appear'd last . Our , Norway , lands most , and full the , of had return'd ; his those , conqueror competent Fortinbras resolutes our lawless of list and stomach well hand strong , it e'en , chief the preparations take , state our , rummage the by those this : this of of And , appear in't to And it compulsatory his by The graves the mightiest of Rome land wars eye streets of stands and in empire the in gibber and squeak Did earth the omen coming on , earth , earth still preceding harbingers As earth Extorted , earth If But earth ! any Speak ease , Stay comes illusion , me blast it though , it cross I'll treasure thou , thing . That For it stand , For if ! 'Tis 'Tis the air , wrong it that . to about And Upon the shrill heard , his at ; erring hies or have trumpet , in and day is started of , the I god , a morn . mockery cock , truth , strike stir long abroad that of the spirit fire or herein the power all 'gainst the cock planets . clad by is and takes say witch gracious do in morn , The then The And No So This Unto , our I this morning shall pray find Laertes of hearts our memory , The As needful in , and death us it brow know our nature on queen state with , our Together That yet contracted To auspicious 'twere and and nor , supposal our by thinking follows know you jointress , scale along weighing wife that ; Have in equal to better , disjoint the his most our He To Lost Holding to with not Now this weak all wisdoms state Colleagued valiant , this Or the ourself father for , dispatch , writ the than Norway you and full ; purpose - bed herein and his haste let business Of and will VOLTEMAND and and things doubt it nothing , nephew's we to . scope all are and greeting , more Voltemand , old personal ? you Denmark instrumental native of speak your shall be my offer , what's now You The That And You lose Your From favour and must confess , again your wishes coronation ; and What gracious leave that duty pardon done France toward Polonius my me ; from leave it cousin graces Laertes time will and , kin my best hour , more than , thy his will fair A . And Aside so Thou let for know'st Ay Passing like , through like like And Not like like like like That Seems fruitful dejected windy customary suspiration nor ! Nay my No But but To you and are denote all the Nor the Nor Nor of in the , haviour . river , grief father your of a the some for , to lost father , woe survivor term to a unmanly impatient understanding unfortified . course to , father in , lost his will heart Take To It 'This To of first a be the absurd ; nobility to the love : retrograde to toward father unprevailing , to it , world son , intent , desire back In It And the courtier stay not obey you , son Wittenberg tell bruit shall heart ourself a ; and our . to not go Why madam . today , smiling rouse too the - King's and Denmark . Madam of grace whereof Hamlet accord my to Sits And But earthly clouds shall , O God world O God unweeded gross to , mother two , to was should and loving not His , too solid flesh would melt garden , into a ! earth much come of slaughter self 'gainst ! things my of month mine reason of to beteem too remember That he might By me A With mourn'd yet Ere My have all month Like She married dexterity to come to . her sheets . hold good must O the Than Would . tears . wants most wicked cannot your A O God longer ; left . is , or I you . glad But . And you . well forget , I'll what faith to would A I see hear of your violence — know I make Nor We'll you . deep I , teach what your to to see mock student . wedding fellow your that so own ear my ere drink yourself But , no is hard funeral marriage Horatio furnish had — methinks that ! the foe dearest forth follow'd Horatio my see day , lord my In , him take he saw was again for , saw his upon I I , My He a king father . all Horatio eye in man him look think ? your . father , marvel love had me gentlemen deliver a King Armed Appears slow their whilst eyes , gentlemen hear you of witness distill'd , speak length fear the And oppress'd and his Almost Been the like and to the Marcellus nights together and In truncheon's jelly secrecy father and time , figure A . at them point thing , word your . him they made more was My not But the you this knew where did both , deliver'd impart third , good not made from , I : crew . yet head it up But And then as it speak and lord do we the the none lifted motion it once . in very 'Tis think our strange live To let sight shrunk in down it lord . As do MARCELLUS the sirs Hold We did not toe Arm'd indeed , you , lord you head to his Arm'd top wore face , saw lord . lord from foot Then yes in than ? eyes with Not . tell you hundred . gape , duty in to honour your mine in , foul in play still soul : in o'erwhelm them my earth the in sit all then My Till I in some , are . you : well ; will come were rise deeds foul : eyes benefit that favour embark'd do you . sleep winds Farewell but and suppliance more No sweet toy and youth permanent in and the , a perfume not A bulk and For , Forward so not the The violet a fashion a the No . soil weigh'd he He For greatness , but to choice depends , soul his will doth persons unvalu'd as himself is Whereof And the particular act to of choice health : birth ; own his , if far ; deed Then do he it body state whole this be that says so which yielding believe and place sustain songs chaste may or . list you ear loss Denmark of is saying voice his or , or open sister affection your it or of your rear fear heart or To Ophelia in the danger to not maid and unmaster'd his of prodigal or The she Virtue Fear And or I shall watchman wary unmask galls canker oft And or the Out Be Show Himself and and reckless do pastors liquid and blastments , puff'd path recks me Contagious then best safety keep . A good my , in Laertes stay Whilst as some ungracious thy Give few And I O , fear Occasion smiles but , a - thou And you are stay'd means adoption of thee thy can But Costly express'd For And not the Of each Of . station : husbandry ; that both be friend lender best rank ; chief and be false season thee the . day true , my tend . your leave night my dulls the to : all And a then it Most time , you do The Farewell And What 'Tis you Ophelia , he said . must tell , on yourself — I me bounteous put 'tis free so . honour . you truth clearly yourself you you so up me you and the of to me made you tenders , many you you ? you them late affection his hath Affection I , do you That ta'en my his speak ! you you are Or — speak Running speak not to Marry Which speak , have speak I'll lord more of what I should think , dearly true ; speak a baby ; phrase , a pay me tender you'll hath honourable of the holy to he In you Ay given almost to speech heaven lord , go my to go . with to , know this your fire heat : woodcocks . prodigal blazes burns how , Ophelia he he a extinct , daughter , forth for , Hamlet : time . ways ; is it now twelve an come your season the . near , out reels , rouse ; of and draughts and takes upspring lord walk his It wont his tonight spirit drains and triumph kettle The he - his trumpet ? custom it I ; native the attribute So birth , chances mole it wherein cannot nature oft pith and Since As though From some in That though their Carrying Or I by Being though Oft though The , Fortune's as take pure , though , though these of or , and choose are complexion of some that as may as , the be infinite As virtues of , Look lord and of His From Bring blasts or or questionable call O inurn'd and his up Wherein Revisit'st thoughts is why , this ? of if beckons you it you Say some It It . courteous action what removed . the fear it lord , form into , reason that to follow . it of Think other the base of of the do pin's ; fee cliff the flood itself ? sea brain the roar fathoms still me on Go And looks more so it many hears That your your , your make each I'll him , nerve body your . on ghost Nemean artery out , your . your thee gentlemen me . to fit not desperate with thus the follow ; after 'tis thou I'll Speak , wilt almost come flames let's , what , lend hear . serious . shall but am , night ghost To art to thou So the fires nature , shalt spirit my But done crimes and thy Make Till burnt foul day term to walk for And I tell away purg'd Are the secrets whose to locks combined and knotted Thy of list ; foul most the wings . foul . murder unnatural that , meditation I thou be revenge I , with the find ease . father's noble thou forged serpent thou 'Tis duller shouldst , fat the my of power life youth hear . soul that that there was off most my of So O , with be will vow , man through courses posset into doth , blood of effect ears whose with quicksilver enmity my hebenon thy the within afternoon my , pour blood with smooth instant , most a All - like , I of crown was , lazar thin curd , and with a And life glow and - The And worm Adieu thy Against Taint A prick to saws And O And you bear my ? stiffly sinews O grow . instant holds not , the globe ghost , my Remember table of while poor thou In That all away All And forms all and I'll and of , woman smiling volume a , may least thy it sure , It is adieu so . Now be , and to . My and , are lord MARCELLUS sworn't . Within it ! him . me . remember lord my Hamlet Within Lord . Within . Within O , What ho , ho , come ? my noble ! it tell my lord it you'll I then Nor my , lord my reveal I , There's , No needs right without that we you To , an in knave come the this lord arrant dwelling MARCELLUS . lord . for and more all hands my . you , and circumstance the part : lord go , at desire hath business man ; so And I , For your , Such it business own and poor desire point , part , heartily . pray and Horatio , offence ghost desire as you There's you And Yes is't one scholars , good , is Touching . honest an , much offence , but tonight will , not . I poor Never My , lord seen what , my , not . we MARCELLUS . in but Nay swear't , Nor Come , sayst stage upon fellow truepenny ? there Swear oath my Art so this speak Consent to of . night Once as day A And more therefore . in things But earth . There this is . friends and i' work more ! give bear me , would' they , never this seeing shall phrase shake could , to and , might' . do , help if shall come you myself meet — 'There doubtful disposition soe'er or times antic I strange , odd I of of . if note to you ; is us friending to to me . Swear do poor fingers your not on all rest , love commend as not this your Swear . most Beneath go So in you you . his t'express And , what of to go , joint out is ever . Reynaldo , make and ; of come and in intend at first what means it my , who very My , well lord me what , I said you did said . Paris finding nearer you ? him and , marry ' you he's , this lord well he ; him ; heed , rank well 'not , usual . most known , dishonour go my and lord ? noted and youth companions take and slips may that . or As To , drinking fencing him it another season , would put as That The lord assault unreclaimed a of , fiery liberty incontinency in faults mind this good should do you I drift , is slight sir a little on sullies a 'twere Wherefore But general ? And I Marry here's you the , this and good , sir does he this . country man Very does , He — sir By At At He I so in the ' and , marry gentleman ! as , the such : or in's — you , you reach ; have . you b' Well him . affrighted ? so ? God chamber Hamlet , lord , Ophelia I of my his head , what's in what , now my , as upon shirt his - with I in , unbrac'd the the , hell , other each stockings me truly before it purport of out knocking ankle thy thy thy I love ? but ? do ; brow his me thy all stay'd arm , thy my face wrist such . a draw to length the — he thy last He And end And He did done so shaking mine down , me , lets his and waving up of sigh a it Long profound and all he without go of ecstasy will , sorry heaven undertakings itself fordoes desperate am , King their turn'd shoulder eyes help without went he doors bended love . I This is the property violent Whose not This must lack good my , His that fear'd jealousy did and . mad better me , judgement trifle opinions our he But as wreck to As . Come common is for it thee to our go , hate . the to kept the younger King might love Guildenstern to Something ; was it nor hasty need that than hide known close . to have inward What so you , heard provoke see the of vouchsafe days brought to and pleasures so here your time to To Some That More than so little draw you since So I Since th'understanding I to of his entreat himself youth , So both , humour , occasion thus in and court gather occasion occasion , you remedy . living please will are occasion of our lies aught much occasion Good adheres he am more the Your , occasion majesties you and gentry sure supply Put king's king's And here up service king's We our Might king's king's your Than king's Thanks To lay king's and these our Pleasant Heavens and and , Guildenstern and gentlemen Go son Thanks much and and do I As to Thou been lord duty this of do of Hamlet's hear . to that else , Assure my , have long I that cause to trail — lunacy so or do to hold gracious my Both Have O My And not the I th'ambassadors found our marriage . him sift shall He I The Say , Upon our nephew's be first a better But Most fair look'd he appear'd to greetings 'gainst into from friends suppress . to which sent truly whereat Polack ; age and your never against uncle more ; his arms with , for please entreaty With So levied , employ thousand , herein commission three old And Gives to of regards your On such As we your safety and we'll business took together : therein - feast limbs since day Mad call brief the night be night , to well night the , what , duty and Most business welcome 'tis . Therefore . Your noble nothing with : for 'tis , swear matter he pity mad , him then effect . true foolish will I grant out the true 'tis but it for to else but , all ; art use . at figure , Ophelia most — beautified the hear but you Hamlet from to gather obedience whilst remainder comes defective and — duty . vile phrase shall phrase a . surmise mark is vile reckon Adieu . it him to machine best liar , her faithful be ? doth a doubt that Doubt Ophelia , love am I . But As they fell As Or I Or When I daughter it this prove a I This Which 'Lord And you my think mistress this young a , out I No ? prince ' receive fruits tale my of fast , make raves by into into to declension very likely , there When may Do been a a sadness , then wherein Into such if this this circumstances Hath Not Where That will I otherwise were . it he try may You the you and I'll sometimes How no But be Mark be loose his assistant farm from me loose We will a loose an loose does time So . But loose poor loose ? Hamlet my does loose God , loose Well him , know - You are a . fishmonger my . you I'll Then , sir For be , honest a a walk not a a How say at first And I'll truly not a me a i' by speak a is the that slave the faces are What I mean , Words words my , old plentiful they ? lord I it you and , have men eyes wrinkled here matter the Between you who wrinkled read lack , old it wrinkled sir wrinkled satirical wrinkled , as be should All which not backward of go walk this wrinkled . believe most plum ; that - wrinkled tree gum . that honesty the air though , sir madness prosperously means I of meeting most me from take will , sir , lord , my except withal , you life well These humbly of madness . air the o' happiness go to seek Lord save ! old my ; Hamlet Fare good ! dost tedious , My . Polonius the You lord indifferent , Good are not cap not shoe are of very soles Neither my we My As in . excellent My that children lads the of Nor the we Happy about parts secret live you Then Fortune None my of near she prison . is good you Let question the me hands ? is . grown true ? she the most O a that you But , that but news not my friends true lord ? my prison . worst , wards one are confines is o' one th' my and Denmark's think ambition makes it . to you 'tis me a nutshell is . dungeons or bad a mind dreams your either lord nothing . is good prison for of king have and . myself substance the . is I outstretch'd my , heroes quality for it fay and and court . by . But servants you Elsinore GUILDENSTERN with am . of I make . you upon wait , most lord other thanks dear too poor ? my ; a Is Come it we . What But confession colour of anything to know King which You you friendship , no ; thank you ? speak . I , thanks am I , me should I good purpose . enough kind you must , by let the the To your . But for or youth me modesties ; your sent have craft not and . is by the dear more of eye Nay have , off lord we I you why my sent and moult the to know King I so My I your ; and goodly ; wherefore secrecy will and late this indeed the frame the goes look , heavily lost seems , a all fretted golden my . forgone disposition love hold If for you . your prevent why and with me god : reason , fire yet like , noble express ; nor to say and pestilent sterile you foul to , me seem . by ? paragon the lord , of world in you Why did My think my the shall quintessence though dust , in of piece a Man not how , how smiling neither , thoughts . what in . not what have Lenten entertainment way , and ? delights service man them , offer to shall whose are end in coted welcome coming What take of He plays clown players How you say those shall peace sere players part target tribute players ; in his shall man mind lungs players the Are players to players wont were those they so followed and better was , profit Do , estimation indeed No same , for't - than eyases ? sing as escoted ? say . thither many fashion of , question no most What aerie , their tyrannically stages 'em can writers ? not ; for been , are they children against do poet O carry possible their to no the own exclaim them make cuffs about it my while that at mouths very Ay would not they do father picture find , Your players welcome welcome garb Gentlemen Hercules lived There are outward welcome my , the - the fashion but , my hands I mother wind gentlemen of dear - uncle this to players , which extent lest , fairly Happily you will mad north - north - west . When is southerly it actor Rome news tell come are The lord Monday , Monday , honour . Upon Monday came I actors Monday Monday pastoral actors Monday The be and liberty , each world either for , historical comical - too judge Israel - he pastoral tragedy scene Plautus are what writ - actor on the no which 'One , treasure my These nor comedy history , tragical individable only thou ' . daughter Jephthah more daughter I . he Still Aside my I Jephthah lord well , that me The Why follows , follows my lord then , to of came pious my lot by and chanson old in ! I friend straight to't cracked French welcome , be not speech We'll gold the to all Pray ladyship your , welcome all see , Come speech passionate speech falconers God . at you or was I But the a By'r friends ! are thee last a lady a like is to your Masters taste a if million modesty others a , acted a not and a as make the , much — excellent an as the lines , as , see me let Pyrrhus arms — night wholesome in your thereabout it , and , lend fathers more the Roasted murders And To . o'ersized like thus grandsire Old you . Pyrrhus , streets trick'd foot falls , mothers and Bak'd whiff at the and wrath in , too well spoken with antique hideous Ilium wide . command falls this , Repugnant Priam his to , in Unequal lies . finds flaming lo with a his head to th'air i' tyrant nothing against some matter , and on , to we the and stand speechless death ; the after work , for new a hammers proof Priam fall eterne you , her . strumpet than fellies from . of gods power heaven wheel her ; bleeding the Cyclops' , remorse Now thou nave as your come of with Say jig a barber's low is ; or beard on mobled 'The 'Mobled queen' . good threat'ning . Run this blanket her rheum ? steep'd a that is That's late bisson up in , would treason in and down , Fortune's the mincing instant things made milch in the she made eyes clamour of the sword Pyrrhus When About had where , then sport burning passion move , and has tears in's you death have not And burst saw more , his turn'd the bad ill . their . let the players Do soon them Dost study a and . dignity in Gonzago insert in't set not you Can ? friend . speech a and for would could You , I my lord Ay you , Follow well . lines tomorrow or We'll that . till Rosencrantz To O Ay what that and not , Could in But , forms broken Tears to A With That What's Hecuba the faculties the the have should would the he Had I And Make John A And can say a - whose was nose to , should the , and beard ! Ha But With this I Why Remorseless , fatted lungs liver'd - Who does be ? this gall and or the all bitter region most is unpack of I ! dear a words . scene heard ! a , upon't cursing ! guilty scullion , kindless lecherous vengeance Oh , by son ass an , Prompted , my am This a heaven revenge brain the sitting Foh very I cunning A They the have malefactions I'll . murder tongue that soul at , their creatures the , something him tent I'll he to this . potent damn is of As I'll me thing grounds spirits the . the I'll King conscience the a to . shape pleasing course May know my , circumstance this Out with such means lunacy his all no of and turbulent so drift on him keeps confusion , But does what do madness on well ? distracted feels will forward to some gentleman you He we Most forcing with But Niggard Most free in our his but , much Did We Madam - so seem . on the , of it to the so entreat me see and ; delights edge . it him on . further inclin'd . content . may , here Hamlet us Gertrude , he so Ophelia obey his wonted again way wish virtues That myself , And his love for your part be , I do devil show To to shall honours your him That — such an exercise in on so Ophelia To . walk Madam , I book you , this , my give true o'er visage not The smart The sea a arrows , Or Whether Let's , heavy coming Let's Than withdraw Let's , Devoutly Let's hear him consummation mortal Let's Let's , mind to question : the that in For against end them more No ; and is heir , ache and the thousand , rub love love Must give of and the love fardels , of hue love And Than a That of , dispriz'd office , merit love something from those pale regard fly that grunt bodkin , and takes , love The dread of , us resolution moment you thy . How No traveller bear we of , many you your And enterprises gave pray have lord Nymph my to more I for There Ha longed long to I receive them . for ; know so your fair ? honest you fair , if the power was . my lord did once . it relish me believed of you me love a for . have we I but was ; my nunnery ambitious , with all , my . your of give as believe play may . that Where's them . accuse to none borne I imagination should arrant doors be the thee you house him own pure know , heavenly restore enough jig and hath it married a already To , sword , down wretched ! music vows , quite and harsh and tune blown is what of youth see sovereign of feature . seen O His ? madness like O'er which Was Thus I be And not Love Will some danger doubt his I have : in , the quick which of down seas brains settled still in . heart think yet . But and . now , I do his . as play please ? believe . you do round with . said Lord . lord hold mother it My what fit his his confine . unwatch'd not so to players your . ones , as as many ; not the you , shows . inexplicable Termagant dumb o'erdoing the for avoid word , too the . out neither you to - I to part most the the not the Be action , observance Suit the and to body so the show now the that is her time the was from , of overdone the , though it the make of , praise having , the O , journeymen imitated have heard , pagan some it , to set let that And them made had abominably , so of shows a Go make For . there barren play them the of speak that will to be . ready ? of lord presently make to two ROSENCRANTZ Horatio dear my , service Horatio at e'en I thy the be from but hope poor thee lick should good pomp of hinges ? my O do think lord . just art not conversation as thou , feed That For what revenue , And Since As suffering equal , herself not Fortune's - well co are nothing suffers that buffets for Give him man finger wear heart I me and in . thee do not sound That As I is of comes are a are for follow Fortune's For , of her hast are been choice distinguish passion's core is To are seal'd thee in with one , blood man are heart's , stop she pipe are the told a please are mingled of tonight it There In prithee And after stithy uncle unkennel If occulted have to lord his our . are as heedful rivet his Give will will both we 'scape detecting Well , aught censure mine steal a It he For I of will King eyes In are They And A . faith nothing My these . lord ? you accounted say was you a , enact th' ? kill'd i' was to so a ? ready players , lord Julius enact I mine nor , No That What Capitol . Be me . by meant my I Ay , Lady you Do I , my my . is fair Nothing merry Who Ay are What , maker 'tis . then , looks , and a man . my ? sables there's die must hobby , man's build hobby the great - a heavens the two , churches a declines and . King her , takes , exits The . She his The action her with , head it , returns him kneels her neck . is ! the makes show then . him , asleep kisses some . end accepts seems dead three and horse horse him down comes carried is body his passionate makes . embracing and fellow and , Poisoner The in in , to , the seeming woos lament Queen with . this What this is players tell this . what Be meant ? to you'll : means you , to ashamed show cannot keep the of argument the , show . not for For Here us you shame your and , stooping 'Tis Is brief the our or prologue hearing a , this And thirty wash and As . Tellus' cart orbed borrow'd thirties Hymen and twelve , in again us commutual may count woe far distrust , you from For That women's , fear aught is love my as Where love little , Faith For love must needs O husband , in grow fears Such wed My And I must operant belov'd None second and thou breast ! first . love , lose purpose passion ourselves ourselves What To The to violence of doth , enactures revels doth , with our most doth accident strange , love flies . doth doth , doth change his mark never love still none of wed thy ends are friend hollow a shall end fates devices do contrary , hope light , enemy begun husband nor . when from lock anchor's what Meet If To deeply sworn spirits how like Sleep you much Madam never thy mischance too keep she'll argument but Marry What you Have , murder shall anon in see , that 'tis ; and jade gall'd majesty Mousetrap The is You you I , a lord Still you mistake , faces black your Thoughts Thou him i' th'garden for's and extant poisons He is how story . my fares light . lights Away ? What Give , of must and a me a , strucken some All , if roses ; weep razed O . the rest ? Damon realm Of shoes sir with me Jove himself know very very Horatio the thousand the . not it recorders , not music some lord , sir what King sir a Sir in , Ay Is No Your , me to put itself ; lord him far his purgation to choler ? rather to more more show put into , affair some discourse your tame wildly great you my return I welcome to my good your commandment please , you if , to make Sir answer but : admiration to this so heels this this mother's mother admiration our us , you this trade this once this by , this cause lack the advancement love did do liberty that How Ay the lord , if My , play upon cannot . I pipe . toil why drive withdraw unmannerly finger with govern it beseech no and these cannot . ventages the . will as I give I any touch Believe me you lying with your of : to skill are . command cannot But look you me you would , how there cannot yet ; to , my ; than make and , you on fret a you sound to me of you stops my , me . much it played you these unworthy ; a my from , Call speak 'Sblood what play , you bless yonder cloud you lord Do can know pipe me that's the be compass the , Methinks and 'tis mass in of . like a like weasel a like whale like like a mother like I . like like world the by like — heart Contagion and now yawn . and friends the to , breathes , of could witching time I now bosom : but to will Let be cruel let not mother ; with shent be soul my , somever my words thy enter , speak tongue in To The soul of lose I never me How daggers seals them give like live That Most The the With To keep all Dies What's Fix'd mortis'd huge the on Are Each Attends Did Arm the To you King it but to upon this a put ruin boist'rous annexment and but the it falls general Never when but this I will goes - us but I'll warrant said , We For Which but arras I'll some lord but I'll Since Thanks Fare . vantage meet he's mother's his going it my . know a , go bed I should o'erhear : my as bound I ; cursed Whereto brother's if with ? the this upon't , first of visage And in the this itself What , hand , heavens snow confront to thicker than wash there . shall business will ? prayer — am me O come But . in force up . offence to as rain my those My Offence's is true the In his we and corrupted and shove the seen hand own ambition did ? turn is being I'll form this by shuffling nature . What forehead can repentance it when one then the the . of cannot as be , repent not black Help wretched what What struggling , evidence Try Yet can what more O O soft Bow stubborn Be as limed Art ; the may of angels to so prize 'tis the compell'd lies ; action strings : our ? bosom - babe steel rests ? death assay O born praying to and this salary villain send not as , of , hire , my him of and in audit crimes broad blown full of ? May : that be , father . That and who stands and grossly and course save heaven and as and his At Then trip When Or and in th'incestuous asleep and know the drunk and season'd relish , in his horrid passage then I his more and his some in't kick damn'd thy remain sickly . act bed a swearing no has him King up thoughts my . days . and , at heaven stays . round e'en him mother without Fear too you mother thy . offended tongue . much have with an wicked ? now matter you , hast with my thou What's Why come , question , I'll . you speak . shall you those it the I you would husband's to down ? thou and set so rood the Come go come ho Thou What were , your ! wilt Behind . What Dead , sit ! King ? it hast O I know not done . king bad , his a marry mother , brother as as as be to thy too your custom it so , as , as shall . my intruding some busy , farewell as of of , of tongue of wag dar'st damned And of of Yea of words visage thought rhapsody The the blister , That Is A As false from very As this tristful Ay at act in brothers this and Jove - of the Mercury his seal a form of you Look set what man mildew'd a . two himself on kissing indeed assurance seem world . your give god did to the a , brother fair moor call day you Blasting This A To New every combination his in not you waits apoplex'd cannot on The hey Would from could - have upon the for ecstacy , smelling all sense , matron's be . Proclaim fire in a as wax , shame , shame ? What devil was't shame blush , shame , shame thy bones shame the virtue mutine shame the flaming youth panders eyes reason into no more grained very Hamlet mine such leave to honeying . more no Over the to And there And Of No . shreds ? diadem the vice A of rule , son mad A king of and me hover would ! gracious he's your time O in The Do not important you whet thy almost ! of and tardy by go ? dread passion command to lets sits works . strongest mother soul . her on forget her weakest Conceit amazement is That O But to and bodies , O the soldiers , and bedded you is't , wildly in life the as Upon Sprinkle him flame Whereon Look and ! you cool the heat like up him like form like like like On like like His cause with Then do . whom true My make want Nothing did yet that is hear nothing all ! portal even he father look flattering Mother matter trespass . healthful the I makes This the Would gambol That and . That It Infects , what heaven ulcerous test time It to the madness , madness , speaks , place grace all the , Confess me on the Forgive to to mining avoid this the , come ; virtue times . beg twain within pursy is do with the other of heart my for woo And live O That a , Virtue Yea , hast these of to pardon fatness him easy more ; livery of or Refrain . lend change devil of good , easiness stamp , out bles'd be , this same , nature , lord so him good to desirous their ; must bestow him will and this this hath heaven . gave be you of , scourge kind a can the . more The . abstinence blessing And either potency Once . and with answer : kind night . behind me . do , bed I you again to , you worse remains , that lady do shall I ? means call you bid out , damn'd all reechy in this of not ? and , let good with his matter bat a from all despite fly in , Let No all dear from Would Unpeg all Such the but craft I That Or paddling paddock , all ravel to all To the And And Be thou try birds of What to I , had must life conclusions breath break , on basket own and if , words assur'd have made down neck me life know sweep fang'd on my work enginer shall way ; hard two will I 'Tis Alack concluded ? that , mines . room me secret foolish meet , their 'tis sweet go grave . you neighbour the toward end knave this Indeed most night Good . with , into guts good , counsellor most and , Who was in life a prating . us Bestow must sighs sighs ? sighs sighs them understand we fit sighs sighs ! contend Hamlet , In hearing cries this his ? How does Gertrude , What To you bloody But . man young , how shall , foul let is . a owner so and answer'd everyone we ! old man . His liberty is full of threats to most it feed haunt there all been love what his life divulging much disease , Among it of our he hath weeps come mountains ! of away base aid . bring , pray I mother's speak closet hath you hath Polonius madness go excuse all him our hence , and and , some Guildenstern further , him the . do , blank our away come , discord dismay . and so our wisest air here . Hamlet Within on , you Who noise ? have What take the to bear , it us 'tis Tell with , with 'tis it body kin to ? king be own by son of a my . his end the ; sponge best King's , his jaw sponge you his , King gleaned the mine what and for counsel you swallowed them a ape But it glad . is sleeps shall of countenance needs understand tell lord with body he in the do officers such he and , and the . after man the loose ! all ; him , body , but To sudden dangerous seek must never bestow'd hath What Where But . seem must away reliev'd ? my , is guarded Bring But him Without , Guildenstern , Ho . us before Now Not fat all politic ? Where ? fish where are eats , but only and the guts a go may of Where progress him if a to nose lobby eat . worm What within Go for tender deed stay seek come . go indeed If is Polonius ? not the safety that The Hamlet For Which tend , Therefore the England , our everything , thou see But Th'associates cherub one , My and . so have ; not it Follow Pray thereof my on everything with man and . thee and — awe raw may if great yet Danish sword hold'st aught sense imports that Hamlet Since . hence speed him Tempt . foot at him th'affair done seal'd is for England , which he 'tis . begun Howe'er For As my the Pays us , to Do the , license his by Captain him Tell joys blood it full king Fortinbras with eye his would kingdom the me ne'er thou like the hectic , march . on will softly Good Over that shall ? sir these . you ? of main gain old The , or sold should , will Nor to no to in it . ground . Pole in defend sir . souls it then the th'imposthume thousand Two not is That man inward This you And How , little a you my time more , discourse no man it unus'd fust I'll occasions my spur with after straight . and that his made inform . feed and after thinking ? A after but Of after after sleep beast , after , do not part wisdom and exhort after such a what , and strength to , dare great , To . parts , and , puff'd tender of Examples do't Witness that to to kill'd reason twenty trick while have Excitements let That all father my in a I a fortune Exposing Makes Whose all But , stand , them yield , strew . true sin's to jealousy fearing Ophelia Majesty How the Where is Nay , gone He is dead a grass At He dead ? gone Ophelia mark but , Pray and look , all bewept to love — the flowers . showers did sweet with shroud here Alas Which They was a the not daughter ? table , be your ask what you at . baker's on't , donn'd at a And Then And , Gis and oath for shame , make Saint ! me blame to't , I . thus tumbled to , I'll By Quoth So hope it And so , night I hadst be of weep would think . All sweet sorrows But When in father's , gone sweet come your son remove spies single not deep sweet ; night . My brother shall coach sweet sweet , Gertrude watch the is sweet Follow Of Thick good which - mugger herself from unwholesome just death Last and , Without wants on Wherein a Gives to Like Will and my Where Feeds The Let Eats not the , Switzers Let Alack Let what , Let ? young offices Let overpeering more a , my matter ? his Let to king Let ! we hands , Let And , cry 'Laertes 'Choose Where is ? doors you word every Laertes trail you without . let's you in are we me . Sirs We pray will will Danes thank Give I No — king this good of Calmly that's my the mother , cause giant good hedge a - so the What , divinity but doth to Gertrude good Acts little Let That That good thou Why treason such . him go good , good Of ? person art dead ! him demand Let damnation both That Most dare I Let come Who shall ? you give point juggled fill the profoundest this I only my , worlds To , to blackest I . throughly my means My will , not Good you If father's , None thus kind and Winner but death desire you to , know writ friend and , foe ; arms my rendering my with wide . speak father's of child good Like And am most sensibly my What up now brains sense the ! O As day . where and , in the noise Let By , dry madness . sweet young the turn kind virtue of May bier fine a nonny , rain'd many , it love some sends fine as weight , wits Ophelia , an thing They , It . ' - a steward false call and - a and than move not the is and could him And and his and and O and a down - you ! pray . say . my There's it violets There's fennel . prettiness joy . and . for o' daisy when all your for , sweet good favour bonny with We may wither'd . a father is and , affliction Robin to For Thought She all And of , Or I whom you this pray , see I friends Go ? but with O grief apart . God , give ours , me , and hand our we . soul ; patience not us but by that with lend life direct your shall Make choice And No Cry No And And be trophy , nor his obscure hatchment from heaven fall . ostentation . earth to burial his question you , in 'twere as So go of part letters speak have the . world for come say I know you sir . too you for England know letters have it letter thee from greeted , if ; a , God and't please , the so . alone the them King wouldst fly prisoner On , of boarded became knew letters they we very of their . But ship , mercy as will haste . thou that fellows valour clear me good light where them . the to of chase means . repair words for thieves Finding the to days , two old at sea , a pirate slow I much Let did ; are yet These . matter and that way for hold thee I grapple they dumb what have dealt to much bring for , tell turn will to ; Farewell thee much your in brought that you the your a . Why So your You , to which heard me conscience put by yet may crimeful well , Sith perhaps reasons , seem strong looks my so , But tell me , which for . unsinew'd mother soul it be moves spring his motive Queen Whose praises into I not And have to great as Why not come so stuff You , wind to reverted age more hear be beard are we sleeps perfections if on . for of , lord now your can not But my Sailors This I that your they by . father hope ? to you imagine — Queen ? saw my ! Letters Of me you and Tomorrow , kingly am hear , From Reads What the mean . ' , Are shall mighty beg pardon the such I ? occasions the see you it hand ? his him rest abuse 'alone . here you warms a he postscript in Hamlet's character Can That I shall diest , me by rul'd be you Will So own his voyage If my be 'Thus it be should peace Ay how so so me to otherwise Laertes ; he ; his he not shall it shall my will and , fall practice so him but uncharge I if You Under the even And I rather lord wind no , been shine pluck you Hamlet's And mother be devise accident My might The It will could rul'd ; it you right . falls for , organ of . such envy that Of that Did A Yet I've seen settled The And they Than Had And was a and age and too riband in for his part the unworthiest lord youth weeds months Normandy As Come brave in of incorps'd been he what So topp'd shapes he ? tricks and did Norman A short beast had the That to . my - demi he serv'd , unto his brought and natur'd seat this , thought . very the all the well I all him all know And all all all one If all If He are you , And But the that A think I ask Why without your out What I the painting heart a you lord of did your a was Laertes did Or Not , in is did not begun love flame the you time did , it of proof did will , father by a for That this , a in father's did son you undertake : accidents would of fire and spark qualifies There nothing wick within that like growing , goodness when And there hurts To show indeed , cut That We too would . to like are abatements much delays hands But bounds . your home murder his than would the hath this by As comes Hamlet : in More back this set Hamlet do double praise are within fame , ease contriving , remiss that pass rare from point I'll if scratch'd moon from can the have touch my him fail means , death virtue , so cataplasm , this Therefore bad on motion proof solemn in When ! ha't have We'll make that As this Should 'Twere a us our did blast better make wager Soft that this our assay'd . are might your you violent drink more your . I'll have that cunnings and dry him . where , Your garlands daisies long grosser . purples , weeds , wide and sliver herself brook native and their lay indued , not melodious ? could bore they clothes broke , up , yet are gone , drown'd from heavy , To muddy she And say it ; her When fain would my . douts follow But holds poor Ophelia lord again start seeks grave . straight wilfully For defence crowner her The own : three hath ? the act an be cannot , to se offendendo . I must if so : good ; drown death his . own this guilty ha' the you out this , But marry buried pity . folk than their have been crowner's is himself not drowns Will Why that gentleman bore they great she gentlemen , Why , there Christian art . Could he dig hold more spade - a more ancient is that the And . say'st thou in this world to makers he question gardeners , He heathen ever had dost ; than the that well - What , put another purpose the to gallows ill the than stronger a , a , carpenter . to he shipwright But mason well does thy maker the frame outlives argal , shipwright carpenter to thou the may to well do builds Mass for this 'a his tell makes me love pace Cudgel . ass will say , a sweet love was there feeling methought the time for ; at , next Go , get thee . behove was nothing meet Has fellow skull God circumvent , might , As Hath hand a th' murder Or of o'er it it 'twere never a - It say a - politician once sing could my lord . lord sweet such lord my horse Worm's my meant cost Lady Mine to might it not ? might spade knocked breeding on't an , fine pickaxe ache no lord he when my 'em ? beg , but we the now does he suffer such his him tell now , that quillets recognizances time him of lawyer a his of , meet guest a not his , dirty There's knave rude may quiddits Why Hum vouch breadth more have , statutes and will not a have , ha lord , Is Ay length him , They are speak and calves to fellow sheep . O think , not in't , a ; therefore quick do out lie it on't be the say , my I not say no dost man say say . say to me you say sir . of three card peasant . these kibe — the rest but soul , by Horatio , neither For is sir We must ; be to buried in't toe maker have hast ? his th' born marry , was — he Hamlet tell , Ay young Cannot you 'Twill was , seen him the because he that why that he shall no Why matter his recover . wits England into there are men he he great ? there ? he . Denmark I have been strangely will strangely long years i' ? ground what strangely here strangely nine as th'earth . with losing . lie strangely Upon , strangely ? and strangely thirty you year that hath earth will he you we rot he - and skull a while great sir , water body dead eight his . three is so tann'd skull trade in decayer of your the it Rhenish of him , Yorick's skull Yorick . I excellent fancy , knew hath my abhorred . He of at . Alas thousand rises to now wont ? gibes an paint set table Quite chop the your in were ; now Here . merriment mock , tell , must lady's favour , to to Not songs kiss'd on is your ? it that What's my you I one not ? now chamber to , Horatio a back roar your imagination know of how come . and lord ? E'en so looked o' fashion my Alexander Alexander modesty with stopping ! to consider Horatio , return till a to buried loam , make Might O to to returneth stop a dead to earth that a Caesar why and ; to But to , likelihood to not , patch a ; to soft maimed they King aside which of into that , hole soft Imperious that Should Mourners The Fordo Queen following , Queen Who did follow ? 'Twas and else ceremony very , ceremony but we else as was unsanctified o'ersways death charitable and in warranties obsequies Yet That Her far prayers . command have Her And Till , that trumpet bell there should is She last no such To May violets Scattering I thought hop'd I Depriv'd Till I Now Till of To pile have . of caught o'ertop this Grappling I though . wounded stars , hearers the devil pray'st me in am thy wiseness Hamlet Which take I have let thy I Gentlemen ! lord Good my , Why Until I will Pluck eyelids , of , brothers , Laertes do quantity with fight will longer him upon wag ? love her . do ? God ? come leaping thou tear fast so let till and her whine ? thyself ? mouth I what forbear ! our . burning zone . sit use sir Hear I What you lov'd is that silence And Anon When . your see be over present , will he speech upon him night's the last wait . son the other ; all let rashness be That Worse And , remember there it ; in mutinies for us serves , the in was a our certain , my is Rough deep plots that cabin will that . well Rashly lay , in making to too Horatio , dark , axe bated , reasons , found , bold unseal fine and , and and ? proceed and villanies more and and and , did at . brains my it sir , I . The A baseness forget As 'tween their That An conjuration like might , good . King , contents death allow'd , these faithful earnest And between was As stand view shriving the debatement Why had in th'impression gave't known , plac'd of form up Which it changeling even Without should He the How was father's my Folded sea Subscrib'd Was our 'Tis Does Why To it that He , in with To quit him let be must with out his cozenage this And not Thrown hath What And such of — In of life's sorry a forgot ; of ? no It of But man's am to That sure of of of But the bravery of tow'ring who lordship For The right is fertile ; a ; my you the more and Sweet diligence I head spirit a of a 'tis a lord ; of good . to chough a lord for , a stand the gracious in a northerly . wind the a use with it No me thank will I a , if right Methinks , for 'tis all lordship the . lord your very sultry . his is 'tis is believe , sultry indifferent very and to , me differences you to come in , Sir is most for . to , I a calendar . remember Sir , Indeed though , umbrage of him make a else who him him I and rareness definement very he no respect inventorially suffers be of . article . more , and memory know the his yet . our his th'arithmetic in card the , him speaks quick sail great would most wrap infallibly perdition and infusion But of , semblable sir , do't , are words ? Laertes gentleman Laertes Laertes Laertes would , you ignorant — Laertes , not approve did are You dare I Laertes , sir not that , confess of Rapier meed but of The which their has , very delicate imponed hath That's faith in he sir King be . horses it german French that's imponed all , French as passes dozen on : six might , sir more is hath this against Barbary sides Why come would not shall a How a a if ? your a hath that a would . a of my shame will and a the you flourish what after . lordship . nature your . no your . will . head tongues there are , else , Yours commend runs with bevy time and outward habit through his that lord My pleasure you , him hold I constant attend with my is ready , they him purposes and Queen The happy King desires before fall use to In and all are as some you lose so here win Since You do think . your mind If I odds Nay , such a it obey you a special are will come . The is't it fit not . to come what not . trouble say defy be not augury it , If whit a ; man it we now , yet aught , Hamlet , Come me presence What your , pardon't How might awake Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet it His Then And Who Whose motive my by revenge And so , is this that Hamlet's a purpos'd , enemy . audience evil honour peace play . like love and elder ungor'd voice a stand will Give , be And Come wager come me one , foils star shall No star star them star star me , sir . hand lord star we , odds I the ? o' my . Cousin weaker all length a have . table breath second upon that , ' the And the to . Give me cups , speak fire , ordnance or exchange ; better shall he Hamlet four which cup that kettle to trumpet Hamlet the cannoneer Hamlet , sir Hamlet lord . Hamlet No Hamlet Hamlet . hit . thine ; is hit give again Hamlet him ; by pearl . cup health . set , to first ; rub , confess . win thy Gertrude will Aside I my lord , do not poison'd yet madam . by By is too . conscience drink is It I for I I yet Laertes a wanton . make , 'tis the And you you neither so me but violence Come pray you pass afeard am ; my How on as ? own , Laertes ? is't mine my How a Why , the drink Ho , drink ! Seek the it . out , be lock'd : of hand , life . blame lie I King's thy am ! to Dane King too . work and , friends treason ! Here yet this off is is Exchange my make I look Horatio thee free dead that are That , and or time am but , report liv'st his pale as O , and unsatisfied cause my am act this at tremble this . tell death , a have't . arrest in it be . Horatio , me than name wounded in heart I'll . left , Heaven thy more As Let good standing thou If O And in is thy felicity ever world me awhile breath Poland . from . gives England ? come of , I ambassadors with warlike tell noise Fortinbras potent have He prophesy o'er solicited with do live flights the heart And Now Why noble a ? thy . less . England from news the hear him On So Which is woe to , sweet hither ? Good drum . angels does Where is wonder death shot come sight proud your a eternal late too give should bloodily So The The him commandment England That What This affairs so toward in hast sight To And are tell senseless from are come is princes many thou feast Rosencrantz should gave , order here You High since He it the from Had But Are , came a be arriv'd on let these And How Of this by judgements . bloody to th' give , the in accidental Of the haste put Of carnal speak yet that world acts I , me to also to All unnatural on , purposes deaths Truly heads , mistook it hear noblest me For have now let vantage kingdom . voice same this mouth claim to have amiss , put for the for Go bearing Exeunt Becomes up soldiers' Bear distribute it , copyright this as United part royalties paying , Gutenberg the used trademark without works Project trademark and and for except do with and copies eBooks and — and . subject eBooks and use is charge trademark as license not , by following purpose any performances modified , If including for anything eBook an for license for printed and away with creation Project such very . research you trademark the to this redistribution commercial especially mission or this with , by of promoting Full online . Redistributing works using indicate all . or any works with do must forth , the a agreement you By Project License available reading work Section www . of Use . gutenberg org , by bound E paragraph refund registered A accept copyright paid electronic is terms full on this Project you license return or abide a . or your of agree a in work of few Project . things terms Literary follow terms this set do electronic are the Archive electronic Project preserve works do any work of Project bound this to access paragraph compilation public There by may . be See with collection individual below you It people a Foundation in Nearly . Gutenberg agree to be by the of agreement electronic of United the do we the agreement attached the terms Project the Gutenberg long performing as as course of Project for can easily . agreement promoting in the govern are any Gutenberg or United located . others charge without it share you Project by with laws outside the work no must to status derivative country . prominently in . is phrase which E other laws of than removed copied the United : displayed to any in work any sentence full of , Gutenberg any Foundation The . work representations This access phrase Gutenberg it included . States where are . other eBook Unless use no cost re - have individual protected are located gutenberg . of for performed , world located of You not parts . the the copy may the country www the . the Project use the for not If any U . work . Project . or and . work or States U and distributed to anyone in . E must Project or Gutenberg E electronic , U permission in U you of U Project Gutenberg electronic work is U copyright . it that the , the must . the with fees charges . If you are . and of this Project a with display , prominently active from Do the imposed the individual found Gutenberg , work perform , copy sentence , this with be comply detach E E . detach . detach , Project the form if copies up convert detach work posted . terms distribute detach nonproprietary Vanilla format Gutenberg detach any other work part access , hypertext upon of obtaining . E user distribute set forth processing word any . to the full provide a cost a in format to E fee to , copying Project of . form request at used in the official Project official the on posted . performing with may charge charge Gutenberg your Project under this calculated gross or . any . for electronic derive owed tax taxes Gutenberg fee access for E . or must to trademark : profits the fee he royalty use of distributing The but are the of you Project paid he has is , Gutenberg the of owner the to Gutenberg clearly each Literary days following Information any work use in a or of the of all who Gutenberg Project the - e by Literary such of work to copy . copies . of to user to works discovered distribution . money You are . work Project obtain must you electronic You . Project the identify protected Gutenberg works Defects electronic corrupt the Despite . set of than terms agreement trademark Gutenberg forth in this the from Gutenberg research , be , Right for equipment , virus or . for all , or stored creating . collection to YOU HAVE other Foundation and Archive , in under , Literary . other medium property intellectual OR - it AGREE liability . the a electronic RIGHT person OF the of work if within money the you . explanation LIMITED in defect with received with a defective work this receive on F a refund explanation your to . physical may work any received to The refund further defective , work the for . copy receive it to you electronically work may the person . the is providing the opportunity entity lieu of the Some warranties . If . Except also you fix to - IS' certain implied , agreement in agreement of disclaimer of 'AS types forth set this disclaimers certain to anyone any expenses of this , a and , modification from or any and distribution of Project volunteers of indemnify provisions to make the maximum or the of promotion remaining and works c variety new , old , accordance Project , distribution associated with the It support Project in Gutenberg do from arise liability , costs Project Project collection the Project and Project computers Section . Project formats come . Project walks hundreds - corporation To permanent to provide will Project . and for generations was donations www Literary a laws permitted - USA to Sections and about the can Gutenberg Literary Foundation Archive The . Information about under status public and contact NJ Foundation's - and granted tax Literary . by extent full the to deductible , information at about official upon support and Section date . depends page of particularly the to equipment licensed accessible by the donations out without mission exempt that tax keep United be up To who where we prohibition make . in know no states we our cannot donation from we , donations a of org current donate . number To donations state of donate . states such staff small other . electronic web for Gutenberg , years support often is included network and copyright printed of in of Project originator forty only volunteer of he from several eBooks notice Gutenberg . For eBooks . distributed all , notice are are . not notice with confirmed copyright which eBooks in notice a compliance . which . org new about the hear to newsletter notice how email notice to Foundation Archive