answer . 'Tis For Have relief much am you sick bitter , cold , Francisco Marcellus . haste Who ! ho Stand Friends you to the . this , has Give ! Barnardo there A , of piece is , this has Horatio What I seen . again , along , him . to appear . it . your against that's Barnardo hear , let yond Had Peace , art Mark , to , night of . wonder . and form warlike time and this buried I , speak ! I . offended away it , and tremble fantasy . answer think God the When was thou to had avouch . armour art he frown'd he and before He strange this by state . watch hour , opinion know twice martial thought he hath to I most me he that not my eruption strange some observant watch of of , can but image might be that shipwrights can by a Fortinbras to last , Norway us , King ; I whisper the And why impress divide that toward What Why Doth Did gaged the a as of which seiz'd of , with ; of Hamlet to fell Had the King ; and world seal'd all by ratified stood forfeit slay Was unimproved up food and skirts And Hath , young same , return'd , Fortinbras , some hot been , To us , this of doth But And I , Well it that this and strong , take , fell eye Julius mightiest the in gibber and tenantless and trouble no e'en the figure so : dead , the and and Roman ; the like harbingers precurse preceding the earth climatures and together of palmy state mind's Rome again comes , coming on Stay , countrymen demonstrated , streets of stands . moist with doomsday our Unto Upon the Have And prologue cross they , and thing me to to Speak privy , O in thy womb the speak ! in , fate in of uphoarded ! happily , For Or here here Do offer Shall I strike at thing throat morn heard , in , the made And erring shrill trumpet sea To Whether The bird And Doth Awake This faded in with 'gainst no crowing the all of season stir long ; the we up and by in do russet eastward mantle , birth celebrated abroad charm strike say , in . believe advice , to gracious heard have As Do Unto This spirit find most Attendant fought with in memory The bear so we That Together Cornelius of be Though Hamlet grief in remembrance sister sometime jointress 'twere Th'imperial we With mirth to thanks gone defeated think on , joy a with , as and one , death frame , message with , us those lands ourself valiant father this the his most Norway business brother this much Fortinbras , dispatch here are we that , to you old greeting and : full nephew's bed is with pester to . here , hears , than , this you King , suppress the to and herein in further , articles : nothing We that , now , us of Laertes what's we . Laertes , asking , the to , thy , reason of , your not be . speak voice more to the , father heart Denmark , pardon France . son will — leave . than , slow last my my . die , Denmark off ? the sun be Nay seems , 'Tis not Why it , cloak suits of Thou , Passing No For But but that nature show ; Hamlet father ; black , play man a your your shows the the visage of grief , woe , a the But , father father his . is mind and to opposition to common to , still , our , the corse and till absurd , in most Why Is any A As Take against Fie dead most fathers so ; father . unprevailing first who hath , to throw think today , note intent throne of most less world take son his immediate is in , cheer and cousin , and not ; and Denmark Hamlet reply Hamlet . you courtier Here I pray And the great King's cannon my to gentle and earthly the But Re the thunder rouse too and , that shall away again , melt would , tell ! dew God O unprofitable should not that to , to come two : woman him heaven my would she had thy were old a within grown ! of even is mother this this , much not , nay roughly beteem so — dead not king . appetite hang winds Heaven , and on it have Than I brother She father's God O A not By Let With My Would ; yet , those my . ere or tears little me Niobe Ere married break But I I , am glad or do lord . my The your poor friend with you : ever Horatio even Good my lord , report truant Elsinore no depart ere you violence father's - fellow in ear enemy do I your affair you , deep see . Horatio follow'd it ! the forth lord my Would Did coldly had I father My ever Or my , eye take him for upon goodly king . I him yesternight . your King , lord a man ? the . you of , your attent the let gentlemen , father night the your pie , walk'd , eyes , fear they surprised thrice solemn - with : fear ; them and figure , A cap , distill'd he to watch , act him they night to both your like father ; watch , me the . each had the secrecy them thing But lord But , did once did as head platform motion , morning none and it , methought ? yet vanish'd 'Tis lifted answer Did the to cock in our honour'd duty me ? but , and watch you of know sirs let Indeed indeed , my , say lord BARNARDO , Both do . head foot his wore he not O yes Pale look'd from saw , or in . pale . upon much red constantly had there been , like Very like longer . BARNARDO Stay'd . you amaz'd would I , might . haste no in life tonight will His as sable was moderate MARCELLUS Not it silver'd will his seen have A , If And Perchance to I again beard you have it speak it I'll it my . duty else I it peace hell person , eleven , be Let will loves your requite Upon , convoy let Hamlet , and you hear , his of favour nature minute more no does as ; more more perfume The it ; Perhaps will is , himself therefore And Unto he is Whereof It for main for Than If for lose for for for with give Or The Virtue If she The Out And the voice , fear unmaster'd , heart your it of you Ophelia rear is the chariest unmask canker itself the And in wary as my primrose not and reckless own of and ungracious thorny his . me path not rede libertine brother keep near . comes , my second double a . There shoulder , I Laertes sits ? but Give the upon , in thought and by no . precepts any thou , hast unto thou Look Give man every they thine This thine Most , my leave thine , as take I follow thine thine thine in said my keep . Lord , What 'Tis So it be , audience to he is't please you time hath very oft the , late of Hamlet : well me . and 'tis I yourself and your , me Given your told bethought and on put so — way do , believe tenders , me a as speak . them think I , I If What As You in of caution — clearly Give of lord my is it behoves ? me affection green yourself the you'll a ; dearly phrase love with me fool . In , to not That With Ay hath My it crack , he hath importun'd wind of the daughter , both the I of speech springes , blood promise not something must Lends ; vows the the : as fire . a in , entreatments parley . is , heat , Lord higher From extinct how woodcocks When Be heat heat than , at tongue these , heat do know , Hamlet of take heat their burns to vows ; of like mere that you pious to heat . This suits this is presence heat , may young time for You Believe so with his better Not believe be scanter your maiden rate ; walk show . the so words shall obey ways Hamlet you , Breathing implorators slander talk , this , time moment shrewdly bites nipping air It terms any ; you or plain my , is it ; lord . eager season now is a What . struck his What wassail And Indeed . to takes Rhenish thus wake as The The drains - kettle Keeps The does , and the mean my lord , to in manner Ay And achievements our oft our The That to my mind the - clepe us This More And As Oft form of else As Nature's Being Doth Shall particular general man may as of ; down By the habit — stamp much these men evil of . be livery Angels with shape O tell me Hamlet questionable defend own the , Be Be and thou com'st royal burst canoniz'd Wherein burst cerements in I'll Dane , quietly and we To not thee hearsed inurn'd jaws , steel of moon , but call . bones saw , the , What of , glimpses , shake reaches of , What we do , removed to But for as , my . it follow lord not set , my thing again at be the fear do immortal , Why do life itself fee that follow flood I'll can it a me waves it if That makes And . Unhand thee . body . lets of , I'll Go a ! the , that imagination not come him follow . me me on ghost with make heaven waxes Let's follow 'tis after Have Nay ? Mark I me lead wilt follow When I Alas to My will , flames hearing . hear shalt lend serious to What So To Speak term certain am revenge I bound day I confin'd spirit walk my prison - days in father's But lightest blood list , unnatural List his love be must blazon the this quills Like Revenge foul meditation , revenge thoughts my Haste But As 'Tis not serpent The Rankly O that ; a stir itself thou . the process , sting . thou thy that wit gifts , and what my most a of even - to won seeming traitorous have that love , Upon I That From O it to her wretch But it virtue whose marriage , as natural a in afternoon , vial a ears did pour ; effect , mine posset courses blood sudden milk ; doth into droppings vile bark'd body . loathsome about ; thy hebenon my , man the it the And And swift an and eager it body , crust , it bear Denmark horrible not dispatch'd my at a blood like my , with So smooth of but brother's : but sin ; once blossoms the made my imperfections but disappointed in but Unhous'led even of crown in , off , but , to head . be ! but my of and luxury the horrible With but hast Let A ! O not If but thou nature royal pursu'st let shows pale , And mind Against prick sting couch for those glow And , Yea saws All And one . Meet matter volume all and . I , be in Denmark , set it ! there records , heaven by , observation trivial all fond ; live ! my . lord Hamlet Lord lord MARCELLUS . him ; to word my bird , ho , it , ho boy What No you Not and by HORATIO you'll How be say ne'er , be But . it be ? come . once all be , needs it man and at business business that , be without right Why I You be , but be These it Look hold ; and , words pray . part lord Horatio , there , desire is as Such . what lord own and , Patrick no they heartily this , Yes faith let is scholars , It And honest to may offence Saint There's my poor request . In . seen , is't make . have ? Upon sword lord , My lord . sword my Indeed upon my indeed . lord the , Art ? you hear to , on under the of Never Cries ha Come boy my And to this again my , gentlemen by hands of Beneath my hither your my Well O my And worthy said A and my ubique et Hic Never strange , How As put are more dreamt as To , disposition shall I soe'er odd or thus hereafter seeing me on think bear so earth But — if phrase doubtful times an or perchance at encumber'd by pronouncing such , your in things I That As 'If we That my And With Rest not love us Hamlet to you you , in , together . pray ; to I right . spite . Reynaldo inquiry Reynaldo . notes these and , lord to , marvellous do Of you Before , and company they Take , as your do this , what well his My intend it . behaviour . Look , in and ; of and son demands will you , keep sir and come knowledge and thus Ay What Enquire And And As Than at what who it . nearer , friends this lord , and he's may , father you but youth As But , and if't What , Addicted But him , please ; you so part , no Faith sir As As they and is may put not as lord must : open would that My another , You Ay , you season another drabbing . outbreak of the seem taints another in breathe but savageness so another , another . unreclaimed assault a to mind , another fiery another . blood I ? this fetch a him the crimes , working sound assur'd I , I warrant my prenominate , it believe laying a He so and or , sullies I know that of here's i' , th' I I son addition ; By sir 'Good He the Or At closes then falling , He 'closes At mass was in ' say was sir , I something about or he , then Videlicet By indirections I lecture and out of assays So . My b' God Shall do by you my you , my Observe Good his How lord , now With , I matter the Ophelia been name sewing doublet his his upon with was gyved knees look a shirt with , his his , what in lord My No lord To As Ungart'red head stockings his love I truly but he and of perusal hand the his He As And goes , horrors the it such to a , he falls draw rais'd And He thrice As it his — would At did being And And seem'd with the to o' doors to out go For He That , I had not to seems is But to heaven under you but ; lord repel access his given you letters me mad did my our opinions to kept Come be To must lack discretion cast wreck it beyond as the to hide , is and sort close hate , common for go , proper might . you . it the nor th'exterior was it nor Hamlet's hasty to provoke heard to see you use Something from that Since Resembles , as little I , death of young to rest pleasures occasion from two hath am sure To to show , That For To And To , Might As whom And Ay bring And and Pleasant make our joyfully , Norway Are hast duty to my still been the father good , of found . hear that to and to bring them found that marriage . desires to , return , Most , To Say His be better against his Makes him Gives Whereon Norway of old , crowns thousand commission against joy annual further the entreaty you employ before as levied might please , to dominions your regards therein of to an Through such So With to That to it to On to As at , are consider'd us time we'll together labour : expostulate , night business should the limbs noble outward day time and , the soul duty night and liege My What Why Were Mad What Madam That I will call But he , I swear 'tis it For Or Mad let farewell pity is the cause of now art . art at art no with matter use . will . defective this we ill phrase and this obedience , is mine beautified is Hamlet from Came awhile ; fire are ? Adieu art to . not , reckon him , best most O , lady thee , daughter told me what . his of receiv'd think and what But love must on tell might might you queen here , or table , and , I prince took , sadness , messengers should No this heart had Or Thence the a the And the likely . the the , raves . 'tis think Do the to into And the you may It I ? fain otherwise know , that I said , I'd ? I centre it four together hours walks the in may How sometimes not daughter behind he . from no I an loose If farm a be Let assistant assistant I'll where the do presently , sadly will We assistant Away And be assistant But assistant him does Do . You , assistant . reading comes wretch poor give my Excellent would so me Hamlet mercy my , honest lord a lord are lord fishmonger . picked man kissing being one good my . world you I th' by say How me speak again my Conception youth this . at my Conception ? a her Conception ; matter I was suffered — Between Conception , words Conception lord grey old Conception very , far ? you , that here read their ; a , am . as old Though sir . and faces satirical that I hold be Into that the of the yet not sir have wrinkled which backward madness All air if it thus , a . I , will and him take , I between . and life my my my . on How I o' often Aside hits leave him part . willingly . sir , you save there he . God . the lord Lord most honoured How both ? Ah , earth the ye ; over very . we we not thou shoe ? grown is a me Let the is particular she to friends not , near my but good the . question we true . true news ? Fortune . But Faith , her doomsday have you What None . there in Denmark the many Then ; 'tis Denmark's prison . dungeons your have ; were not a bounded be one mind for narrow either it bad , a is there for I nothing myself king . dream a . prison is and of that ambition the merely itself and outstretch'd heroes a is . very shadow our reason of Shall not upon and sort the , friendship to are Then I shadows Truly such speak am way an like to I you matter , friends am the To visit even , you poor in too own my I beaten will We'll wait justly your with me inclining are thanks Is dear ? what To know fellowship enough kind anything , confession . colour of But . to teach by the preserved me . of by Guildenstern . sent shall and , Queen all moult anticipation feather no mirth my with sterile heavily a this , golden fire and noble me to look man , a than seems , animals Man ? dust the of in to roof is apprehension moving . how , with reason , god in I when by , though Why think the My lord , laugh did , are coming shall man use shall humorous his his tickle th' verse both ways . late . innovation ? rusty on cry they wonted that , clapped — pace are ? there the dare them now out but ; so scarce 'em ? are they it ? not they as them holds ? writers for sides There Is't unless the to them exclaim controversy to themselves to their common sing ? too and . those twenty , could , out are , appurtenance garb fairly welcome . should more my But is - When ? is southerly are yours , I . gentlemen . a swaddling they it . old is man . an of morning an was tell to honour , Upon my . Then world comical - liberty nor Plautus too , These what of , tragedy are ? which 'One fair call me Jephthah pass , Why lot , as most show it . was you like will I am abridgement comes face I since valanc'd see look where What , voice like you fly young at anything , your , us of God Pray , speech . or acted pleased never my once play as the in cried it But the in . I but remember , received that indite modesty excellent if million others make as the wholesome speech might much mine in , the were , in your me live , it it was ? matter there called tale handsome it in no than to slaughter Dido fine phrase with as , it as but , one no Aeneas' this line , dread more , gules with mothers , smear'd accent spoken , proceed Priam coagulate , the So eyes With And to too Rebellious at to short Repugnant his he grandsire like thus Old Striking But Priam drives , and i' tyrant a painted Priam see against rack stand below still storm thunder dreadful the orb pause some , wheel ; gods , Pyrrhus' sword , sleeps on . at not mortal burst that burning the in the she made heaven , eyes in's — Good them . bounty tomorrow . We'll some could We'll . We'll We'll not him you lord We'll to . We'll Elsinore friends good I slave peasant and monstrous it what a b' fiction Could But , night . You and Rosencrantz my in rogue , soul force in A What's Hecuba weep in would and the horrid passion do in , to he or And her distraction in his all in's whole in function for ? What appal ears I , cause peak ; Yet king coward ? across pate I Am , most in face it lie my , my for a not . and made and take liver'd or ere the region bawdy kindless villain kites , a revenge , cursing ! my like a Foh ! scene heard drab words , most father and dear cunning unpack cunning ! the presently speak cunning will cunning players , seen cunning spirits melancholy such with my have conscience cunning the catch relative he this . The me damn of King , speak means keeps to will we But with Niggard And it fell in seem They I it so question of Did Madam raught . think to night , him have they out . play me and To With For , Affront father bestow may We so Her th'affliction he obey shall of suffers , you . I cause wish wish . again wish wish . may wish , you so wish 'tis this , o'er 'tis 'tis , 'tis conscience my withdraw 'tis to nobler that outrageous 'tis a 'tis die To , to be to For When The oppressor's insolence merit and grunt bare To But The that undiscover'd returns country of under Who himself of dispriz'd would wrong bear who The a pangs With he his and the takes make bear , bourn from know of cast moment of pith action Nymph my Good Is Than And their their o'er their this does well you their longed you have their in this for have well their , your thank , lord long gave not receive - deliver yours . re . compos'd mind lost , unkind ? lord , my ! There Ha if , the better beauty of lord have your , bawd This . is to for power . was believed we the of wouldst Why ; lord me relish proof it Indeed to a indifferent were better in them ? We thoughts to that myself thee it put . revengeful are Let shut him , sweet Farewell he my ! marry marry of . Be . dowry escape say but I . a already God hath amble mad wantonness all , tongue , mould his deject music sovereign and , quite most that suck'd I And Like what not he His do though not . sits his form in , brood something and a lack'd that There's it hatch which doubt some it set Haply With Whereon And Was O'er brains of fashion shall From It origin all . she you be all , do the you said , Hamlet please best be fit ones must fit Your conference fit plac'd , so so not fit shall It , as it fit to I fit as I many smoothness - the gently pated of but for avoid you fellow . Herod a whipped your to not , let but word you , observance so not Be the noise . most would - I was from that to action too tame and own own the and make of others nor man the her the of judicious tardy show profanely Christian I hope well , they having , humanity indifferently had that imitated For question make , shows of be to a you most Go now How Will the ROSENCRANTZ We will you , thou , dear cop'd lord withal your , service been rewards - are nothing choice , hear her of her , him man that wear . circumstance . foot ; note , are as foul guilt soul this , face judgements to Give imaginations ghost unkennel . see'st , of , in that thou uncle mine not , have Do prithee I I , a As I , with is And my eyes we censure , detecting . march They . flourish coming Danish 'scape he , Guildenstern , must be idle . Ophelia , eat , good actor a , you did enact . What say accounted these My ; lord was and you i' was ? upon you ? you attractive you that mark ? you . sit you more by your ready stay here's ; good here's lap here's lord upon your my dear here's ho shall mean , here's Ay Do here's That's here's I merry maids' legs . within's died . You , only - cheerfully 'tis my then heavens ! must die let O lady by'r , with , twice two the long sables on there's , a man's memory churches may - very upon declines She . he the , his him makes Queen a King a Enter She head it finds . Poisoner crown , kisses with Queen to , The . woos his Queen gifts with lament The and hobby show her asleep and is lovingly , seems his love accepts dead the , away . loth three her four poison . Mutes , unwilling awhile ? carried and in King , but in , and comes pours mischief the miching this it show is means the seeming imports , any shame they tell show ; the mallecho : Belike what beg to for , clemency means players . what prologue or hearing the . what ring . tragedy us For to what are or this lord what As 'Tis what You a Is Unite commutual About Full Neptune's And love our in times ground round Phoebus' moons most you lord it though so ere bands , state quantity know . fear grows so . too : shortly there , distrust must you are behind as fair this their thee great doubts love and one my accurst ! breast kind in treason shalt , husband confound needs O love second the Aside second be For , Honour'd belov'd and haply me be . move , oft now : we , sticks mellow they poor slave we forget be validity memory break ; debt lose grief joy that ourselves tree . the we . love enemies with : flies with is , purpose the to ourselves with in man who Grief with The violence of , grieves on hollow enemy run with begun , doth a friend , friend fortune of favourite with with us love needs in The wills not mark , left or where him doth great Our are ours , food day nor ends overthrown his do second still . none are so contrary own try our I end to when first husband dead ! of the have cheer Meet Each To Nor earth that would once sworn . deeply spirits And never brain mischance Sleep Madam protests too come The , methinks play like her . play , argument heard but jest you the poison she'll , this how O , you no offence world image Baptista o' th' wife us it , if lord keen You are between good , a take Pox bellow creature , infected collected , The . see . wife . Gonzago's of His You shall . the . All lights while away of ungalled hart runs and Turk get fellowship two world a . was O pajock — Damon dismantled now . a thousand reigns good I'll take the perceive of very did the king some Come , he , some Come lord my Good sir , Ay retirement King , Sir , what of so , me sent start perhaps the breed The , please mother are a wildly frame , and not lord my , my cannot . business a if you to your , says : admiration ; wit's diseased . But , no mother answer bed Have you closet her ten trade you do My cause of , lord what lord Good were in times you this , shall still We can that be you , the I , own How . with drive me a why you would you too duty . one grass — Denmark this into unmannerly ? toil . pipe most finger discourse will . I of me would make you note . not the would out the will I am You the have though me and shape , sir you speak would me fret like . fool and come by . by . friends , Leave time could will now and — by . easily mother and hell I Now world , to heart daggers Nero not . now my , very the said of me Soft itself night blood mother ever Soft hot , but soul never somever she , in Soft hypocrites be unnatural nature as drink . day , Soft Soft with dispatch with endure Soft lunacies doth . shall estate his of Out live upon many feed many ourselves near We and keep those life ; 'noyance whose The wheel much the bound . safe Majesty , rest of gulf highest which a with general consequence falls , Never alone speedy this this voyage groan , us haste GUILDENSTERN upon , fetters will free - mother's myself tax now goes ruin . sigh pray and I'll wisely audience process . home , him , liege , she'll convey I'll , more you , was bed lord know go said heaven , to my , eldest to double first mercy heavens to I my this of this but the as rain than pause a is offence brother's hath It To My And Or my past Forgive being forestalled O Then I'll to twofold is with if I the snow hand blood itself Is In gilded corrupted effects those Buys And pardon'd mine cannot turn . serve Can for the ; own oft the is There more Yet Be Bow Art as ; and the sinews babe of is he he heart , born it can black strings . heaven : villain knows do goes to ? that not of full and this same , save then his passage horrid , hent No : for thou . of , send revenge ; as bread who is this took grossly blown , purging course , stands and as of in his bed about pleasure ; goes prolongs As hell At he Or When Up in and know or his more drunk gaming his soul may swearing no , whereto his . be up , thoughts home heaven sickly mother . rises and , hear . hear ? hear coming me , I , hear hear hear . offended . tongue tongue , the No were not so . You inmost , that not shall can you set you are the not and sit I'll then , Where thou do may see you , I till go . What wilt ducat ducat How ho ? I ducat am done the ? ducat slain , what good ? ducat ducat this is ! thou hast , A Nay As bloody kill a deed . Polonius took of wring heart . rash thy , That That have , so grace blush ? down shall danger , so it braz'd , for sit . you I rose love marriage plucks a innocent the modesty and of sweet body oaths . O such , glow doth mass , doom religion , soul the a tristful Is roars so Ay , this upon what Look See Hyperion's eye A New An like Mars grace counterfeit of two index , on , this . command Jove on , was the did a on station , curls the lighted A every seem now , ear follows threaten like the , mildew'd a blood is man his a Have like you set what leave feed , it's have , to eyes eyes humble sense judgement age you thy , sight without , part O Rebellious sickly , it , ecstacy some difference you cozen'd such reserv'd not waits could Is sense for have to this you Nor Eyes without in youth thou not If Since frost compulsive her the When shame , soul shame spots shame shame shame shame , very their leave eyes see will there turn'st in , but and to ; the . ears mine ; in sweet murderer precedent cutpurse That of hover guards — gracious figure your ? soul eye do air incorporal do , bend how Alas And And , Your as the and bedded your the you with at up Upon On Sprinkle cool heat an . stand and them this capable . piteous action I tears you nothing ? I see . that hear ourselves look how as it ? steals your out now ecstasy brain , within madness your ; to me for to speaks madness which the test of re place ulcerous love It healthful . re Bring - unction the , and corruption rank Repent To in ranker re make And them what's . Confess flattering Mother re re matter have It not your film re yourself what all re unseen will skin but Whilst past spread not Yea thou cleft worser with to you who , habits . the away part other it , so it pleas'd hath , scourge and this For . with minister and their this but when use almost potency you beg curb next shall that blessing To I will worse good lady be kind : behind me well . mouse you bed . I , begins must be Or And Let , bloat What no tempt call you you , fingers , so basket . the own , and like the neck in house's secrecy creep down have to me ape , him know , a , the on gib and hast England said I 'Tis adders fang'd , I break I I What of I life , I . that I below O crafts set 'tis I me room packing . into the Indeed , hard mines most sweet . shall this prating foolish toward draw life , Who , his with Hoist blow at Mother now When Is Come sir was most secret , a my good 'tis these translate You , How place must It had us deed , threats so with in , unseen this us to ! love be to , to shall be , His And good old man there ; everyone answer'd haunt gone he let life from it the not keep on pith draw Shows sun ship the of He . Among But O'er apart the To itself pure weeps shall , very whom for away mountains hence , hence him ! ore some hence mineral a But Both Friends Go Into hence the his Hamlet hence , mother's I call done , you fair closet hath hence further him the do to wisest haste in and with all our hence — slain , mean hence and dismay , friends slander , blank miss may so haply our his come stowed hit soul is air ! they come . it dead Besides the own be Believe and should replication what for you counsel what — a sir sponge of authorities them must of knavish is speech body is . The ear with , the , is where thing to . the to my not and is with but the a ! him A all the law , scourge is weigh'd ; reliev'd desperate must What from seem at , get bestow'd at my is We dead him at know lord all are Diseases at at hath ? at , my at , where , Guildenstern my to at your . pleasure . he Your but variable the end service A dishes two maggots convocation and into not the the up there . stairs you , hence — grieve thyself help purposes thou prepare and For England . man wife ; and and one Hamlet man mother is father Come him hence tonight ; is my Father . him Delay and and so Away on my you done seal'd . foot it . haste . and for everything thou looks Pray make thee , sense raw mayst effect full coldly awe red free he rages , king Fortinbras march were I Till in hectic begun 'tis it , blood Do ne'er promis'd know You of . conveyance his license rendezvous , Danish the with us , on . them , commands Who The purpos'd of , rate A Truly We To Why five Nor to with of ground . but , to , a gain never should Polack thousand already twenty and , Yes Two not b' , wi' you Will't Will three live quarter'd too cause and to , will Examples and me , and part — it scruple craven Now godlike reason do this and mass as such event ambition tender and prince , know th'event one , great , I stain'd , then straw argument puff'd earth army Exposing Led by all To what find stake the at imminent for death twenty a Whereon The all a honour's an But And To Go let kill'd to my mother be to a , while of beds , of sleep greatly and father shame I men thousand , their the to hide thoughts My Spurns There's hearers her Which The That th' but Yet , And she one and fit . hems much world What yield , heart thoughts aim doubt , strew . is . at gestures thought be unhappily breeding , for , make would my It is Majesty now should How seems Let as some . love . staff this ? sandal hat his cockle true song one shoon imports , gone lady you what , his , I Ophelia ? turf . a grass and pray heels Ophelia , a mark . the my here look as Larded true showers mountain snow . flowers grave did love , a . you they when ; you this but table what be your . at Lord day Valentine's the All a up Then by and if they come ! blame me wed . my bed . sun But , Charity shame for fie they you tumbled yonder thus patient cold ? come done not must hath she good good ; night sweet deep of death . he sweet sweet Next Of Thick sweet , In sweet sweet good For Divided - brother on Feeds Like Alack Where The Eats Than young The 'Choose shall 'Laertes is , trail king applaud every it be king to false . Danish they , is be on false . dogs broke Sirs stand all without . vile the . calm my between here father , chaste mother true What Calmly good Laertes blood Even to of drop That Cries Why . Dead demand by . father . him . his be . not I'll to the . Vows the . I . dare both dead ! allegiance grace what Most come stay . negligence stand pit , the them so world in friend writ ? little far far , far far far far both you Will To his And , Repast Like good am am And shall most guiltless as of in to to does Within How , out , maid heavens be Nature It is Should bore the . nonny — tear - stole a master's . ' hey , and , well nonny Fare on his thou Hadst could not wits thy It there rosemary There's wheel madness , and , you but wither'd good all violets For Thought She And , Go turns His No He never as was is he his God O you , ours call , to us kingdom our collateral you hand me . will but patience with labour ; obscure o'er — if all ; satisfaction lend your we or judge due so , formal as heard noble No Be Cry And So you let go that are they I be pray is you call't the great . me ? you . too , comes fellows chase clear good me of , turn thou to speak to in with and much haste as became the Let . of Rosencrantz I He that will Guildenstern hold thee , for you from whom , that them . seal for heart knowing , friend ear slain a my your conscience must he That by So crimeful safety were mainly , wisdom so appears well You ; strong two not proceeded , against in all things , seem life , plague conjunctive public to could , as the Why Who his Convert Would like I That or virtue My so star to but by not moves Too A so not Would not of that . come age back aim'd noble , challenger sleeps are can our so not . the will , desperate mount , lost . wind loud timber'd And And have them , father must You , hope I How now , Majesty lord from Hamlet . Queen them teach your Hamlet to ? From brought ; say , my me shall hear . them brought you see shall asking kingdom , first Tomorrow . pardon you Leave , leave us . them am recount to thereunto ? some sudden hand thing ? I When ' such rest more the . 'alone . ' ! 'Naked he me says and Know Hamlet's you my very sickness heart him lord the That it and diest I warms 'Tis postscript in am As be If here character advise But , ' let Can It lost , him so it live thou 'Thus it Ay . If , o'errule exploit the which more own will Under But have And Your sum regard , in my , lord cap that no of from . unworthiest ? youth less . graveness livery and unworthiest unworthiest my unworthiest unworthiest thought unworthiest my - this , becomes , it his wears weeds settled was a gentleman , Here Than on and far he did tricks Norman indeed . of him For And If you swore one That He he for 'twould such exercise rapier most a envy and him . a you ? of heart ? sorrow , with play , this that I the the very that like , do to a we changes , sigh th'ulcer would then easing than your i' cut his More show To Hamlet As And are in in That in comes yourself in in , in church Laertes good sanctuarize in are you should . shall , you those no this a set Frenchman Will wager Most Or with unbated Requite him in a , you may with contriving remiss , virtue from death practice choose ease of my so have thing , it in cataplasm a a the contagion scratch'd may further It May shape . look drift our us convenience Let's have that 'Twere make ! We'll I what , is Under This Should this And As When solemn blast ha't So O Drown'd grows a in . brook make , stream , glassy did garlands nettles with , liberal That - There hoary leaves ! doth woe . upon tread Your crow And mermaid in Clamb'ring When the she chaunted . trophies an weedy her , pendant dead give daisies , the , shepherds Fell muddy wretch garments Alas then her creature wide , indued her heavy To Unto Pull'd that And Too therefore much that Or hast my tears thou forbid I . water Drown'd , she poor , When . again , holds , blaze , lord are this folly , my it fain would that ; calm Gertrude follow it start when ; Christian it and her can How tell sat thee hath that I on own unless , offendendo she in is , be myself is , to wittingly you hear . leave the water ; is , it come nill good his guilty good For here argal own and , Here : an lies three him to water that his . and me man , drowns But , But else it to is own death him he if he man , act of she , not . wittingly law ; she ? life quest . gentlewoman , this crowner's been themselves more Christian o' this shortens mark , this should ? to ditchers . say'st And my grave and makers a was Was - gentleman ? ever none had that How ? heathen digg'd . He , Christian he even in countenance he that question says Adam . Scripture thou or ; well thy What , thou how another ? thou he answerest that the Now to . may ? the . tenants . come again to , outlives . Go than stronger built thee the do carpenter stronger in a shipwright . can I , me that . carpenter tell cannot thy Cudgel no beating ; fetch for about when you stoup till question will dull . next this . 'a get thee say , not Go ass me love a , did sweet love it when ; Methought , methought no fellow e'en it , circumvent a sing it if the would God the . such into , lord such , might it not dost , jawbone be , and ? not politician . morrow 'Good my Worm's fine breeding but - my no , spade play the , a it the . of a lawyer skull , meet made be ; Where his the and . to guest ? of buyer to , the cases his action recovery , land knock his , rude quillets suffer , recognizances Hum . statutes , fellow might the be his and fine , indentures box ; ha , this fine breadth him vouch and no a lie and which , made lord fellow calves this a , For pit Mine guest indeed , lie not say and ; quick be the in't to do I for , lie What neither in't rest soul her ? speak , the years three of taken equivocation dead . comes thou our last that day It mad is — was . that England he there or are wits men as . mad he ; they with How him not Faith Denmark in be not rotten we many , will you . some last last — he trade his than A . is And . body dead , sir a that — th'earth he laying i' , tanner more . on it years skull is water your ; was was . I know ! This , sir a on A pestilence . Takes fellow . the a , is imagination his see Horatio borne your ? I Let once This him same that , of poor and be your gibes wont grinning were Here ; it . Where , and tell her that . mock merriment . gorge flashes of of back a infinite , must my this favour your My how Horatio to to roar , think thou Alexander , o' this ! trace hole imagination may - lord E'en ? so so base uses what To the lead . loam dead and whereto the as But follow thus . dust he the ? wind , world ! t'expel to hole a Caesar wall a earth , is Who Queen . they such corse The Mourners But Might stop that ! soft Should Imperious a following , with ceremony did rites follow awhile a Laertes Her as Her o'ersways else noble else ? enlarg'd doubtful . Mark command great warranties that Of , pebbles and in obsequies flints As No service and allowed For . be the burial be be profane As to peace sage no . of such - should more more Lay her fair i' her I shall , her . dead rest th'earth souls , liest parted from spring When minist'ring liest A . liest What , shouldst liest thought Scattering Depriv'd I pile liest Till of liest your Of a o'ertop flat this To Now Till Fall have caught . wicked Grappling Conjures such wand'ring Hamlet with him I I Thou pray'st take well . thy and not thy ! All Gentlemen fight my , I Until O my son what longer with , thousand of do What Laertes brothers no be theme ? her . wag theme quantity , not up ? to grave do here ground , the Millions woul't I'll woul't pate on her , leaping woul't and so will ? whine ? woul't thyself I throw woul't our thou , him woul't , mouth ; wait what do present , thee Gertrude shall set put Good , the to in have he me thus ? matter his him . your over living our in Till An then We'll You do this , remember So sir all Now see ? other the ; let ! fighting , lay . well our will desire withdrew bold in , the , life in my bated of the supervise , and sorts ! making unseal , the England's too brains — villanies beseech hear Or thus a I — wrote prologue , read . did do statists it sat my at commission ? more , it to to the thou But Here's wilt with make play , our but and , know , wear , flourish , seal my heaven what . known in th'impression of that the fight - changeling : writ I Why Folded The our Guildenstern They , this next , purse other safely it to to't own near So man 'Tis dangerous the fell points . hopes and , thinks't , hath Popp'd And out with quit To it He that not with of is't my perfect come , mother ? the no short of The be ? good , sorry Laertes than ? forgot I'll by interim ? there business to evil ? his his did me . sir this put favours ? here passion comes you of 'tis chough ; possession . know my the mess 'tis ; fertile the and the at I your ; is land stand , Sweet if more No is Majesty very and hot — Sir bade . me , to the — laid tell complexion is . northerly . has matter — I he , would . for most of , see , know you the gentleman showing calendar a though of . is this faith for very of remember , absolute . gentleman I great good me soft believe mine ; faith feelingly differences find Laertes his him in inventorially , speak of him the , definement him concernancy The mirror his is such neither lordship Why of . the gentleman his him trace most . him of infallibly ? Your do we the in our more do't . not , not — would , if with him sir did you in yet You sir What's his he's weapon . weapon Rapier lest to , but not I are , a meed his in his for know sir imponed assigns in their take hangers fancy , dear very as to , the liberal responsive conceit against well weapons him with I and six . rapiers horses poniards carriages the Three , the French of and so very of and three . him nine for you ? answer no if immediate hits my will walk I mean with opposition If . the if hath dozen passes lordship laid twelve And and would on foils your He of hold re deliver but Let . answer will and him , the I . win be person brought else . lordship . tongues will so flourish to it turn , e'en you commend I after He of opinions collection of did the winnowed do the , and carries in He . Osric longer time . brings the their to but drossy Thus dotes , most he has age . encounter through trial the of the through and ; a you commended play mine is constant speaks The am to I his Majesty with ready Now Queen fitness The Queen In you my I . have it continual ill would repair in - wouldst giving lord a a my of will fit special it yet now not now we dislike perhaps but their the . I are . it is say and augury 'tis There's come not . not providence fall ; you The a of aught it it ; no Since Give Hamlet , pardon as are needs done with , proclaim Laertes I here ? Never was sore must not he's , of His ? does Hamlet the my Free That me this Let madness Hamlet's that this from your arrow in will this some stand my motive I in this ungor'd offer'd your and masters of this till of love freely frankly this ; on . ignorance . for one foil your be Come will star shall I'll star star Your star But better'd fear Very well odds star the . o' my star the me all length . table that second hit , he their an throw kings union Hamlet's fire better , first first first first first first eye a heavens , give , first bout . you ? awhile . it say set He's Here , fat and , take carouses Good thy my napkin , drink do , poison'd By , My lord let me I'll yet , Come I yet 'tis . your best Laertes a on so you afeard Nothing Come and . is How it , Osric . Queen own , woodcock kill'd my am I poison'd O my . own Hamlet bleed . them ! lock'd . art of foul in an can half . me again , The yet Follow justly It defend me potion is with death come me on me not . upon thee . adieu , chance I audience fell to at this , report the believe a yet Here's Roman liquor than by , go Let As . good standing Give If And my my in my this Absent harsh my The I my tell Now my And a flights cracks Which That The And The ears Had it He never should we have . bodies , question death , shall to you this , me things carnal , inventors' upshot , and to the Of Fall'n , put Of these on deliver us the sorrow memory in on . forc'd and All . purposes I , more mischance perform'd put of , his on stage , passage war as rites . him a of the . which — a one by S U distribute and eBook paying not do including is the forth to protect General it copyright the in owns print no rules set , license this Gutenberg used Gutenberg use , be may eBook , trademark printed modified complying you If nearly the any and and a copying trademark registered GUTENBERG , for Gutenberg with following by except use for creation very may the redistribution away trademark or file the terms online this free work to subject the the this part and all by abide intellectual to or to Project phrase at Gutenberg Gutenberg return to bound from agree you set you you you you and you , agree , of understand your you access not obtain way terms do with can by you without you paragraph . below . There are if free you agreement electronic The of or works of individual the the compilation Gutenberg See future lot a . of most Project of follow E to an agreement registered of . It . of . all the the Foundation of in of Nearly , work United unprotected in from Gutenberg mission course , promoting . on copying are prevent derivative electronic freely works the Gutenberg you located public copyright Archive Literary . is in the Project by are associated . sharing for You Gutenberg Project you format its support Project to you will to compliance Gutenberg same can in works references works to . check constant a copyright this . If where addition in copying concerning other D with share do of downloading your derivative than the status . to active sentence all work references copyright work creating before of of . you laws or Project following Gutenberg with : work License or displayed , the no of any or work . any which United use under online it to you - the distributed anywhere cost anyone viewed , phrase immediate . E . The access which This the of may of the you no , the phrase of is Gutenberg it in is Gutenberg , or this almost or the laws restrictions and most . E . E Gutenberg comply through the . E work work . paragraphs of the fees or , and any posted holder through . use E . distribution you the E copyright holder found all phrase the E holder copyright . at in you to Gutenberg , for the with . work files distribute a . of , work display , this part Gutenberg forth in , redistribute . your this . Project electronic or Gutenberg perform set License distribute this of containing with associated part access , Project Gutenberg , electronic or of full detach or unlink not electronic links any , work from work . compressed word distribute Vanilla nonproprietary the work . to , must copy a ASCII as . request other Project not License a at or of hypertext up or or gutenberg user of full performing official charge a official ASCII Plain obtaining Vanilla E or official distributing for copy . Project to in alternate official Any specified access any fee electronic for Gutenberg official works copies or E that or , include , fee the official of of Gutenberg works or , website Gutenberg official fee reasonable : the original its a additional a gross must in work providing displaying paragraph . the works calculated using . Project Royalty to Project method from . Gutenberg which tax prepare or paid is E applicable under charge or a to Literary to your be fee returns the but . trademark . on donations money by specified the Royalty The as Foundation the receipt who Gutenberg must , paragraph of mail terms to user sent you periodic prepare Literary full all in Foundation about marked Literary Gutenberg money for to return a the and clearly refund to . Project the e must all works , in of or of for the destroy Gutenberg full other . reported the this works or Gutenberg that all refund defect discontinue of Project F to you distribute fee a on works charge Project of wish Literary Project Project the F . from . paid provide , in a discovered receipt . Gutenberg . identify not Gutenberg to do by electronic or the . U copyright research on , a copyright , Gutenberg be or disk other that or incomplete the in creating expend . may Project , inaccurate Project Project Right Project , damage or a distributing the . all STRICT , NEGLIGENCE F or a not but , paragraph , or , infringement property WARRANTY , DISCLAIMER in this party OF by virus computer a , F of Gutenberg Gutenberg . fees . LIMITED cannot be read NO OF work Foundation receiving the RIGHT of any within you you days if HAVE expenses FOR costs , agreement REMEDIES work under discover you If sending If from for you . that to in elect paid OR received the must you entity a a second , give of a in demand fix to right the may of you provided is work the work electronically to opportunities you may received to defective . The the or provide work agreement the implied maximum to applicable state invalidity or this . shall not , hold make agreement applicable states or exclusion Some . owner copies providing any to remaining any shall F agreement , You law the by - warranties the disclaimer to this the be any not limitation allow of disclaimer of in this agreement or void the , the and c , any from distribution : with the Foundation , anyone Gutenberg and any this of electronic agreement with Project or Section Project electronic obsolete Information Defect Project of expenses of of or of Gutenberg Project distribution free the aged It . see , Foundation . org Archive is donations the about Project information . Gutenberg at organized tax or tax by laws status granted The corporation Foundation's . Service Revenue state Archive and To how learn page federal full at to number Foundation of Sections and the Literary about Information . The Foundation exempt permitted by , identification Literary contact at Project Foundation's Watchung Archive about www . Email gutenberg the . org up and survive mission the the regulating exempt works to upon donations - Foundation paperwork are with of public the charities . much including to donations , not many compliance states no donate any we of such not , donations solicit to . keep in United a we cannot received from make we small current of number for in credit accepted Gutenberg Donations online www payments are pages donations , a org Project . U statements donations concerning the check and , please About of library outside freely shared methods including ways Section editions , S . Gutenberg Professor concept donate visit Gutenberg a protected paper Project originator gutenberg checks General . S . copyright confirmed often with Michael keep a eBooks Project all necessarily people to how how unless which in of edition the new Gutenberg , Literary how and . eBooks