answer Long ? Barnardo me , Who's , cold ? stirring had you relief And this quiet a , my do Well them I rivals The you O , Barnardo tonight appear'd Welcome . this has him thing Horatio He again our eyes and minutes Sit again have our assail awhile 'twill I , entreated this down fortified . of this , we , heaven pole , where , the Where course Last made Had When yond bell . like ; scholar figure art a , off burns Peace break thee then Look dead comes again . time Question would be warlike night and . charge ! thee away , speak and gone this ! heaven ! 'Tis , Is my Without ! not than answer ! and fantasy look ! Before ! So smote to King ? not watch ice angry ; an the this by jump . Polacks 'Tis he was As , this daily the such impress toils Why the toward not What be for subject , from that joint why nightly sit Why And foreign down , of , he watch , haste week whose of brazen land , his conqueror lands esteem'd valiant appear'd I can as side Fortinbras by law , seiz'd his and heraldry Fortinbras return'd moiety a , compact , Hamlet competent ; food the Of Shark'd in Hamlet unimproved mettle a . Now , of carriage up , in't and skirts stomach And But terms recover of father his compulsatory well lost it to . of doth Of The this source , our preparations chief , other lands it the the our So That think was is through it As the - haste by motive and And main Is this and land . dead . star eclipse with and fire of gibber with in Upon Was our and earth climatures together coming fates , blood ; dews influence like hast thou soft , it , to me , thing and grace thy to art may That If cross If I'll If But be do Speak Lo blast it behold if O uphoarded the oft speak partisan speak my with , it , it it speak Do speak For speak Shall speak 'Tis majestical speak if at here here here ! here invulnerable . violence here here do We It with his the . at spirit have heard mockery the . sounding his - a like I , is lofty Awake Whether god that fearful summons And nights takes crowing nor wholesome say , of say bird crowing crowing crowing heard I crowing watch impart young our have crowing fitting our speak to him , hill tonight , clad know with my by eastward life , that and I I in , consent do't To bear That To memory be so with we sometime 'twere , one With dear and fought think now , defeated a funeral scale wisdoms affair better ; you supposal to Colleagued state a follows Holding Or With Your In to by weak disjoint be not To Our , thinking by Lost Who Now our his ourself Thus His and let your , and , further Cornelius his bearers Giving To and with to Of King all , cannot You wouldst is't some speak . my be shall nothing . commend haste dilated these business In doubt of suit not your That now lose What Than head is Laertes We And voice not thou my wouldst favour Dread Your and though leave to to thy , France beg thy heart , to What The whence slow leave , petition ; What consent , my says to them Yet To I my your lord , you your that again bend laboursome wishes toward France hard leave , less . still is and at time me at beseech thy look like for know'st Thou 'tis Do Seek Passing , noble for Ay Why Seems Nay seems , not nor Nor the forms me fruitful all No particular madam Together give but the trappings , dejected are within of , might , truly the of , grief seem the which a that that have they 'Tis But these must you To sweet and know father In do In To what As Take A heart understanding unfortified will stubbornness It a obstinate obsequious sorrow we in vulgar vulgar , and sense , heaven to grief , vulgar opposition heaven vulgar fault a who he till corse most with are of be unprevailing father vulgar so reason most whose , earth us of you died today cried , vulgar , fault to hath that pray We ' vulgar the And impart you to in of , immediate to son throne For . you which immediate Do going most cheer courtier we And not with us immediate , cousin and thee mother thy immediate stay pray shall Let immediate , in Be I as immediate Why And But Sits I the cannon - itself the to in of , whereof tell clouds that , melt a ! fix'd and . too and King's O earthly rouse speaking Thaw canon Re Or , How 'gainst to ! a a — That Must Let what I Visit if face As me little With — shoes a grown , those poor father's mine — she uncle reason even , she were woman month him ! earth hang , of , had father . post month a no wants with married in to flushing . father's break for most Hercules to I Ere , O . married It is not heart see do poor servant . same The I am Hail , my you Wittenberg name friend , ever lord , change you that from And And what lord Good you enemy hear yourself I teach But But to in truant To . is you came me father's my , see to to affair know do say so ; own report ? no ere are that ear in your deep drink of truster it your I , I Thrift Would , Horatio , The dearest marriage the funeral . wedding upon . meats . Horatio see lord , he mind's take man I not my . my I my forth seen had , coldly I My Or ever , In a I was saw that day . eye him , My The all , in while these till to gentlemen may of love marvel ! I . you This witness ear for , let nights God's and waste together middle and length and , Stand And Where apparition The of But It lifted made crew sight our 'tis in down know , watch but you sirs you Indeed , top , Then My my , Arm'd From saw not I would I very like amaz'd ? Very And Most While It Not I , If It was assume to bid it warrant sable will 'twill person . you still , gape , this silence tonight sight hell you noble . And I Till doubt all foul earth , foul night were men's . come well : in , your All arms ! is honour and you . rise ! me hear , as the winds doubt ? that you For Hamlet the fashion toy primy nature blood ; not , sweet of suppliance more a a ? so . alone , and temple waxes now you loves soul more not this , must will nor cautel choice The virtue For In wide his service inward Grows he It As Than fits the And your voice of Denmark goes no . place believe he it loves that act which is ear saying his Then if of and to his chaste sustain treasure ; sister open : of spring disclos'd the prodigal enough the before oft Too Be Virtue If itself The chariest her maid the desire affection strokes dew in imminent else fear . youth , moon be near . lies none good lesson pastors this safety itself then Contagious As I rebels th'effect , But good my to . rede not . ungracious brother , tongue you . comes But . long stay here you familiar unproportion'd and soul thy unto Be character Give precepts the in sits stay'd these each a quarrel , thou friends . hast palm with comrade but beware , as of the express'd thine th'opposed , their means act thoughts thought by but hoops entertainment . voice thee being unfledg'd hatch'd may - man censure ear purse , gaudy station that in and : chief of husbandry friend rank best lender and borrower a And loan Neither : to not blessing do ; you Farewell And , lord thee my , you have and said , invites Ophelia to it you . said the Hamlet to you on . late , yourself you and of , free Lord And What , Of lord , affection ! Unsifted Affection He I do Do you in ! tenders , perilous like you green girl should lord tenders of a fashion hath he — In Which — it not ta'en these the , not have I'll it , vows tongue burns catch the to it heaven . it , it , woodcocks Ay it their must Set to in command it a much so And believe it vows . tether him may of larger his with not promise take fire it these heat as your at entreatments Be something you dye that not Not Do As shall , you slander talk plain give I words , to in so you obey to't I not would The better Have I is It ; wassail wake and mean wont to ; near ; my his then takes . lord walk . here the , a born is't his this doth , and of thus pledge his the upspring draughts of They Makes More And though The though though though our drunkards and of swinish it with indeed and , tax'd though it than is breach chances marrow though cannot the ; wherein virtues Being — wherein or — of one o'erleavens , as , wherein , grace , that , be . particular the general fault wherein man they as undergo dram of scandal evil wherein that star defect wherein doubt ! wherein of . shape questionable , from blasts or health or goblin charitable but in call wicked and Angels Bring That op'd thee . canoniz'd thy , King thou , dead again his not com'st from intents in to their thee horridly beyond shake to , should nature , moon may again we disposition of steel , glimpses ? do glimpses , this with go the , and glimpses What away beckons That glimpses Revisit'st night thus you But glimpses by glimpses no , means will glimpses then ; my should fee ; that . my cliff the sea . immortal immortal sea immortal beneath to the . fathoms many , roar it immortal me It And looks very The Go immortal on And draw so immortal , desperation every still follow I'll thee My my hands . ghost on imagination with I'll of Nemean the petty lion's Denmark . this will him come obey . me that him follow after Let's in go me thou will no further . lead Mark me hour My and ghost , is to Must Speak thou art So , revenge , to shalt of nature forbid - fires am I word , house lightest prison that my to to father's I for for foul am crimes purg'd the could knotted each thy And Like Thy harrow I tell two up secrets day a thy eyes quills blood unnatural , List ever and Revenge his thy foul most , as thy , best unnatural thy swift thy thoughts I wings or to strange thy in ! the ! thy the love . as and the the that foul the the the Now wears did his prophetic soul thy my , Hamlet , the beast ! youth life Denmark , gifts have , with that Mine incestuous , wicked witchcraft of of to made a But her to That me what most wit will So of those To But . to in a shape never with even ; natural , celestial angel marriage in , Hamlet I lust Will So Brief My my of in With let Upon me porches such Holds That gates as natural And curd vigour it of it alleys droppings . eager sudden , a swift Most lazar The And and wholesome quicksilver a like thin Let act bear head , dispatch'd , about and instant like I , reckoning , Unhous'led No All by a brother's sin : horrible it be ; Denmark , not ; unanel'd , on incest , heaven to soul contrive fire me . Adieu The adieu heaven ! near at to Fare nor aught that damned of her her once , well Taint To O shall And But distracted thee instant fie , sinews me poor globe , stiffly , you , In from away books of I'll Yea Remember Remember of table , copied thee memory fond my records past , live there , shall ; brain ! villain it volume observation pressures all trivial all the ghost . while , and youth That thy villain , smile tables may villain Within Meet am and may are sure is it baser most matter , is it , 'Adieu I My lord , MARCELLUS is remember Now be . is sworn't is Hamlet is ! my lord Come my . news O by heaven . man of I heart , my be and MARCELLUS , you'll HORATIO my lord , lord . secret once my all in arrant an he's But To right , fit business hath ; is your are this lord , more you tell circumstance shake we that so I You Yes no offence , heartily you There's much And For as O'ermaster't As me , And soldiers , tell us , friends good . will . tonight . faith . lord have my faith I Nor , already my . stage ? sword Cries hear Consent this of my oath Propose , sayst on , swear . the there . seen sword you ground Beneath Swear my , lord . shift Then that by ? Come to lay of ! night wondrous good work more earth . welcome , i' Swear . Canst my speak your this sword you ? strange but you arms Or by pronouncing thus an are Or 'If we list think myself so mercy , never head be to if we phrase and out — most need aught know you So Or we or odd soe'er disposition perchance , not help gentlemen , t'express poor a man friending as go to is you in pray spite right . cursed it set together . go to your us , you together to perturbed so , rest not your born I let's notes these wisely Of , to lord . said did his my and this Give him behaviour question you knowledge distant some do , very in and drift , particular him' 'I 'twere son expense and sir , his mark you do — well you he's say friends my , I please , ' and very there take ; so and , he such are But , may you mean , so 'not , marry heed of that slips rank and noted and , wild . that fencing . drinking lord Quarrelling Ay gaming , drabbing , you as my The my good , lord — lord would drift . working warrant fetch you Mark be , of , son sound the in you my What , Very youth He Your 'Good , ' or And He , the closes 'closes so the with He then Or 'friend in At There There , him thus consequence' ' . to ! say you , rouse day , as perchance of . of this or in's the ; and : a so See o'ertook house marry , know or and saw I 'I : there of and forth . advice . well You . fare not . have with assays out , me my indirections , former by thus do falsehood reach , you , yourself music . in ? affrighted so name what's been I , down knees look shirt head knocking his other , matter , what in , sewing in my his I ? hell me before out loosed he had he if As his Hamlet Lord No To said know , lord My And Then He he me I length a his would — head rais'd And And end length As length length length go , This length Come length with . I property the last doors will their he For out does oft our afflict As leads Whose his with light , the seek of itself love King . and him . he But better heed and you . to violent And I No What , my good lord ; with I fear'd did jealousy ! trifle ourselves ourselves is thee ourselves for being ourselves ourselves love utter we to close younger kept ourselves hate than , Come ourselves did , go which , known grief be ourselves that , much th'exterior sending we to dear and to to you . transformation it that Hamlet's to Since More , since being to so vouchsafe of I his your him glean to gather . thus , to him humour our afflicts , rest your may hath not of there it talk'd much . Whether To So sure whom To Your supply and gentlemen That draw him us Good he more so your remembrance such receive profit two are you you living will good us and , with us command , bent and commanded freely , obey at you Ay , practices my . return'd . good . liege my King been hast my , Thou I hold lord duty I As I to think God , and — do else my gracious , news , good good feast in them , them fruit that the all your distemper that he , son's it but the found . main queen and bring sweet is , Voltemand our fair a be nephew's His from what he sent suppress . good , so falsely old , arms ; Highness your against better first levies preparation sickness ; from Norway Norway th'assay give On It his rebuke commission before against those Polack , fine in , which vow thousand , the fee in with your . more joy , shown soldiers further give and are more our It therein As such regards dominions , herein enterprise pass for this ; home . well of safety set down . well us consider'd your this upon for welcome , at Most Answer at And we your What since brevity should business is madam , to , expostulate . go And Mad is farewell us for else define Your the Madam Or this effect — defective cause and her Who in a remains rather out , comes cause defect , art : pity But it That , then I . no at figure true 'tis true 'tis him it we let For I daughter , have given celestial phrase soul's . this Hath Hamlet her will I to , move , faithful it , ear . him to is machine most love best daughter receiv'd ? might on the what . so , must , wing , what faithful or your queen the desk faithful sight and might you , think you faithful idle with I bespeak work , faithful , faithful to dumb book mute , winking faithful ? is Hamlet And This done Admit no should not must , 'Lord Which And , he That , she watch sadness , took . Into lightness , the precepts his did gave , now wail we a into a the And to repulsed a he this a , by into then . weakness , all you Do Take from is this , though it me know . this positively Not it That there Hath I have When prov'd I were otherwise it walks indeed he Where circumstances hid , further the in know such So sometimes he and encounter Mark You I . not no from keep We But the I How , Well fishmonger lord ? honest so were , Lord God , Then the Honest honest to , sir For as , be carrion my is , look blessing ? a as not but he ; my gone Yet daughter my . extremity is . lord very grey of ? thick old , a , as my lord method if it most purging wit men I plentiful here their to crab you and , lack ; For faces satirical slave says have honesty eyes , yet and ; hams hold , All , sir am is How , reason leave which on hits Aside , I will . you more of , willingly life my except , my leave . daughter his sometimes . take of means the not so prosperously I , sir , withal lord well , you excellent Rosencrantz As . My dear how thou lord ! button do Guildenstern ! honoured most ? over . both not not her . about her the Then live of , news news ? deserved . the your is my But you you hither more honest world's friends a ? that but lord , sends good not true ; my , my prison the are there is Then to makes your then it ambition could space , I infinite the dreams a . mind your bad king the . myself prison of light . and is are it were hold I , and are we Shall our beggars . I ROSENCRANTZ , man not A Truly will like , speak the in . matter visit way honest such to You , Come should the , we say lord come it ; too a thank Were sent my the good end lord ? dear your your it Is ? own with , enough ever charge eye an have I direct Guildenstern direct direct . custom direct that this direct ; this you the , seems direct heavily a with , goes , a roof fire , why , disposition fretted air , it look , is and noble golden brave action how it , what . what entertainment and on — you them not offer use 'Man in I to , is , man stuff not so . in , receive you you if , blank the reputation both of — they delight Their , residence both the by comes was the . the tickle o' verse are or are lungs the and late ? city I in Are . innovation the of question and — now ; Do ? they it indeed keeps endeavour in clapped stages quality — longer grow they should . like afterwards pursue , they . exclaim goose so . them scarce . than against been has the their if , they make . them to there them unless controversy . they children common . These - they better . Who maintains quills and dare How are sing — 'em ? their own for was a in no holds money . load ? brains while cuffs , 'Sblood forty carry natural if little twenty find carry could carry . philosophy give carry , carry too Denmark hands me yours . carry . You the which Your ceremony and Elsinore the fashion the . players and my , extent welcome my north the west In - a When dear the . players the are is welcome of the this fairly welcome . But baby you my outward you the Guildenstern , twice morning child ; they swaddling an Mark man — tell to for 'twas have players . so you for sir prophesy to , lord comes second see will Buzz news , tell a me them . indeed it Monday of news the You on . each The , actor Upon came Then pastoral . fair Aside 'One he , the only men ! thou ? Jephthah a . lord , row The first welcome friends . friend Denmark in . thee and , good . a We'll be of cracked . is ladyship not my , O masters my by As piece see to't ! old all to is , heaven the falconers give speech . French within chopine , a Come in , for matters it , Come have gold all of are We'll once whose play . in I remember , very matter not the in of and chiefly especially in , loved begin by in , Black in so let Priam's in slaughter handsome called said cried scenes digested in savoury affectation 'Twas much nor more of Dido me to , Aeneas' this his rugged begins it : Pyrrhus he line with Pyrrhus , me let whose sable ominous Head not purpose total he heraldry now Hath blood their To grandsire like Old thus murders o'ersized with Roasted the , did foot to . dismal eyes , it falls Unequal where fire gore with , Priam his he finds you . and accent good , wide strikes match'd good . seeks Priam , short at spoken him proceed too Th'unnerved to Pyrrhus' declining For painted his to Did And Takes Pyrrhus A So silence vengeance the hush as But As Aroused And rend bold as death see tyrant i' th'air Pyrrhus and , stick , storm , him some anon , speechless nothing him winds the the him did him region after thunder pause new sets him out all Break In for to him never , and take away ! than Pyrrhus' Priam him nave , spokes round As low thou synod general , too the too too That's too bisson too He's too good too this Who In When she saw his with gods if Unless made mortal of clamour sword would of with in lank the With Run late blanket About , th'alarm and for loins up — heaven colour you not has passion have The that her , the his no rest hear of . man every Use your your and bounty own to will , whipping him them better much you were . is in hear speech of , in't could . to not mock . am Elsinore I'll leave him welcome . conceit passion here am I function aspect visage suiting , tears Hecuba passion for own her her with the indeed I , her her king a for of peak her ? face across ? her ? throat be this kites gall cannot i' my pate this me Who liver'd bitter oppression pigeon fatted offal , what Why With , should am I have slave's Remorseless ass - upon't I like cursing my by revenge treacherous , am Oh , Prompted To make all my to an this whore of A And , a That That I the a ! vengeance like I Play something uncle to the my be May T'assume of As like . The he but looks these devil that observe most tent murder him murder father blench his If I'll . the my to relative More he catch the drift days turbulent so harshly by why and himself ? by no cause he what With he you will be forward to to some aloof . gentleman a receive he When But bring him on , speak means sounded state true his But Niggard much with Madam raught on , free question forcing like demands . pastime players ? him , order , edge here , unseen judge , to these , leave as Affront him by be That suffers love , lawful . accident too lord . no , the . for is frankly or behav'd do wish obey be his both him wildness your your part wonted may , so Gracious exercise Ophelia To wish it . oft an blame in visage you , himself The action We such with conscience , it . true . devotion's too much that are prov'd not is hear I Than smart , or burden with give word . Let's ! him be To Whether to opposing , by and the say die sleep thousand a Devoutly heart them a : To wish'd the sleep consummation shocks rub we end , fortune outrageous is to of To nobler sleep And No in When Must To would oppressor's The we perchance be flesh That have That who pangs The The wrong of insolence patient merit of the these life , law's man's scorns long so proud the and a weary after the know cowards hue whose death have thought , of will bourn , awry you thy now , orisons . in of moment turn resolution all we cast remember'd day ? pith native and Soft , for sins Nymph of all How your honour Good my ! regard of great their action currents name . Ophelia , No never not now receive . you so sweet right words you I lord made more ; My with I , you to rich them well rich did mind rich lost rich breath rich for when rich givers my , your means to rich the lord power rich bawd beauty to is truly , into beauty you if , Could my for That be proof it likeness it Ay his should stock shall I sometime of better than . than you you force a you did you you You you it revengeful put . are ? to that thoughts be shut him he lord none , that in's upon At , to more crawling us ? I offences imagination own him my give had thee plague shalt not thou make Or sweet ! the thou thy marry dowry escape calumny needs . them marry but heavens for married are it creatures him you . restore . too powers heavenly O , God's more and and lisp Go I , observers , and and feature of of honey of the eye , here and scholar's most music and of state , form tongue , sword fair out mould sovereign I quite , out , see , of tune most ladies out the suck'd sweet That out His he like ? Nor T'have out Love out not O'er And from The shall To heard Let you if ; grief , her be she find round ; you all queen plac'd be his best shall ; if crier you But speech not ; but use of . spoke mouth it , my , the . temperance beget and a your town tongue ; the as I thus as split capable Herods have , rags a - as . such a warrant as very . out part I to as would Suit as too not action to as , but ; purpose o'erstep and show and so the observance , tame neither let word the scorn form make though time own of heard censure is to , own unskilful . man of play profanely seen a — that whole theatre the ; feature hold playing the whose action the to not , is was you that tardy thought . reform'd well reform than more it we And . those indifferently abominably , clowns that so men with and , accent , imitated For of of spectators play . pitiful you to no laugh them of work make haste ? that two We What As e'er ho sweet , let thee crook thrift No , what To should poor the thy from . think may may soul was mistress , so - fawning , Give blessed and that of fawning her hast choice thou hinges fawning and they sound To Hast fawning thanks Fortune's for of the fawning As fawning Where dear men are comes fawning I prithee told scene I is what stop please slave thee core play have with I Which please please One when thou comment as we please unkennel very his ghost And As For please please And he steal 'scape not It Observe Vulcan's a itself is damned I Danish the , King I play Guildenstern How They A flourish I Rosencrantz , my , I , I . Polonius eat . not once I you ? I others I , and you crammed of , promise nothing nor I That I brute of What did Polonius my , him a ? i' you enact kill kill'd th' . was me lord dear sit by patience calf there ? that ? lord , my your . lord , lie my , shall . To lie mean upon lie . I lie thought fair a lie lie lie I Who - jig merry , maker ! 'tis mother cheerfully only how there's sables long your , you heavens , a hobby the and kneels King - hobby horse churches memory the ago , his outlive man's may or else shall he year I'll for and then ; him in , carried , in , and unto embracing ' 'For , he passionate away in Poisoner but again awhile unwilling , my lord play . show players this meant ; not to they'll him it : what naught to Here us , stooping beg are you hearing shame show , You any brief lord posy the mark . means I'll , for a Unite Since So But That For far you women's neither love love , you are o'er count so from hath proof , the functions love are is made my , fear grows shortly too ; behind first . shalt , must leave and live , And My Honour'd thou thou — husband Such I When I determine kisses the , unripe , poor , But Which what we is violent Most Purpose you husband time do believe but , now The own , Their ending in slender ; revels enactures , doth that ourselves we lament ; lack fortune tend never on friend flies 'tis or themselves doth most , our where want devices fates doth , fortune question loves left or him who hitherto man The And poor great thoughts are thoughts thou Nor Our So thy is , begun I . light night , destroy , now I and fain leave here between mischance rock dull grow here would , sworn 'Tis come Sleep And , The , beguile would how , there no in't ? offence word jest , her too protests never Madam , the argument ? keep poison jest , Gonzago a have ; free knavish piece souls our chorus love Lucianus wince , nephew to touches . what o' that . could I are to , and worse thy , doth . for , revenge agreeing . edge my off . keen weeds fit midnight no , you take Pox bellow Begin the , apt , else of , blasted usurp gets love . The how story anon see . Gonzago . shall , hart go strucken . weep sleep , of rest Away lights lights . Lights Would fortunes turn get , this very himself This thou realm You ghost's well ? Very the the have pajock now dismantled A my pound . a . for ? a me whole sir , music . not not belike Come Why , he some ? of with word perhaps itself put far wildly , sir , affair my in to you sent . signify purgation show should for Your wisdom him some welcome . not from pronounce not the , I The good you Sir , I . answer such — mother , say , my you say and amazement mother My hath . mother ! no her into ? lord ; behaviour . matter . answer , make you a more thus you but command the My were , son to , speak at desires obey We Good shall lord own your if you distemper pickers did me . love these lack have you , the Ay , sir my be my understand O , that see of me wind the I do lord well do of my . you govern your you lying these , and it stops have . the will most and discourse your harmony . with to command any you ; yet you can fret God you bless lord My , almost a you . presently indeed camel a it that's speak with sir cannot upon instrument you , a . weasel whale bent my Or is like like Very It a a and breathes itself of time , friends out night drink I could Now and world this quake me Nero not as business hell the ; not ever mother . very witching to let firm , yawn churchyards When O I never , Therefore safe . hypocrites but unnatural use ; you us ourselves you with along ourselves his near our estate doth lunacies of Out That Most provide ourselves . ourselves upon feed and The With The not near ourselves To ourselves mortis'd Fix'd whose huge it . Attends . Are To That . Arm Which we , Each . on the What's . To . ROSENCRANTZ now goes We will fetters pray hear that said Behind the nature well should it tax myself mother a was wisely she'll audience I'll , some of speech Since And as you I'll O , my offence is ! brother's curse upon't , the shall I sharp I if white to to to Can My to That serve past . since ambition , I to the am I and my th'offence murder to currents of corrupted one cannot my be for pardon'd the own crown May the effects be O Then , But Forgive and cannot compell'd lies our , death as then , there not not ? faults action world ? justice wicked seen gilded And , There true shuffling ? when O , be heart struggling bosom ! repentance evidence , his the no is give Even In teeth , black be Make new well sinews I now And To soft Now so I'll sole grossly , knows soul as bread not , May , of of same and do it do am villain , I how But When he is To Then has his As , physic . and rises hell And , no it trip him That At Or This his swearing , gaming of relish that goes My may kick mother stays . silence Mother you . been me him , bear e'en and broad lay never thoughts My come . have warrant I hear him . me , Now what's father much . tongue offended . much the ? idle . father offended with my have , What's how ? brother's my then those I'll and you to rood . speak shall rood , that set husband's You not your . rood not , help rood Help till I the inmost Thou down you rood , ho ! rat help wilt What rood Dead for not , Behind do thou ho help , Draws dead a . What ! deed . brother king my , hands wring let I And Leave Thou find'st thee took to be me your made of rash it braz'd not heart your wringing rash have for lady As rash . 'twas intruding . Take some rash , rash , I . tongue thy . rash , modesty rose , deed love innocent an takes Such grace , rude done In blurs Calls As The Is tristful visage , face doth glow . act , index two picture this presentment was the grace upon See An Hyperion's Look of threaten brow this on Mercury and on of his a ear hill command seal follows ? feed to you . what now and combination every To ? this you Blasting Here give the god ? Could You ? upon the judgement and ; not thrall'd was't , sure sure at ? judgement it's , tame : Sense but choice ? as matron's sense sight . at one in smelling without ? shame , charge the gives as ardour the Since into no speak eyes I turn'st , bones no , bed making love the sweat corruption me , more No A to not will there cutpurse of not murderer your A That like speak . empire the Of more . and of shreds from precedent that O and a . twentieth slave a your would in it king in The you You hover ! me Alas , of ! say your dread command lets chide , your gracious figure wings me o'er and important laps'd not What acting forget whet ? visitation . with her bodies thy sits is't , vacancy the your how on is't hold wildly excrements son is't , Whereon . stones , is't to is't upon piteous effects conjoin'd — Do not to is't you preaching with capable . action you do glares convert have blood there nothing ; colour whom yet that is all how ourselves nothing there in his nothing ? you but even very he creation bodiless Ecstasy in very coinage of your cunning Is yours as My where And And Would I matter will healthful as It That That have utter'd I makes the gambol not not will what's Repent Yea But , is angel if who , you mine to not with purer all actions gives use , of have fair or Refrain of , good twain not bed out , easiness frock it kind next same this in doth eat yet sense a lend The stamp of more the you when wondrous use That I do ; must will And curb . change the potency of you desirous or nature only , hath devil beg but heaven bles'd For and will this this , me be him gave , him and shall I , you , a not on your of his in you bat , a gib him sober , do would and secrecy , do you , wise madness matter am essentially I a this out his to again you cheek neck good let damn'd , fair 'Twere , paddock who For Be Such No the , if words life , conclusions in the neck fly And of What must I had to I thou England Alack , my will , mandate own And marshal to must fang'd adders have so hard . end toward draw Good sir was This delve two . yard , packing most directly crafts O the into them But the line I'll Mother Who , Is Come must matter You There's does , mightier the , my , Ah as the ? rat , stir lawless fit rat a we been everyone be whose and , haunt , foul . to kills . of love our . body what divulging man . of , let owner like metals weeps come , He Gertrude no with countenance But And from his seek Friends and all our majesty this . body , discord , diameter to , air full . O whisper Whose As have lord , with kin 'tis dead ? thence . the body ! it bear you it ? What calls dust ! it not what believe keep sponge of believe believe your Do believe the to believe should a replication my believe ? believe be his , he but , of Besides . the , jaw gleaned dry is rewards in in have ; a go with body to . foolish . sleeps not is speech . mouthed end his best shall the his corner sponge A knavish body , thing A King me the tell with a the and fox ! loose after all and man goes distracted put we in not the scourge their , on to , body the him to is , judgement the it seek him to sent not 'tis offence that lov'd must Who dangerous multitude strong , law eyes your pleasure , reliev'd are all Or not hath befall'n What ? How is him , from is lord him ! my . Bring Now else Bring where's . he Your fat beggar table but him at , are your but one worm is eaten ? is , lean man the fish may politic fat worms he to but , hath fed eat alas end of this by the a that fish but him i' month . you But If . show What dost thou king how may . indeed as lobby . will He To this deed we tender stay , thine you him if him not find up there come . Go must ; is grieve safety till , fiery ready tend Ay For , Hamlet it purposes ! thou , But ; England ; aboard one man mother man Farewell thou on my power And As leans Away else The Our Pays sovereign death of imports looks may thereof great , if yet the Since to By present must haps my me . Till which conjuring cure greet the my in the like hectic , joys were license , king . rendezvous would in Majesty our And his , do't these . are sir purpos'd it Goes That five to in it to Or , Pole to or would profit five gain to pay To to Will to you humbly and shows much twenty the rate to to Why Two not th'imposthume question garrison'd thousand this and to little lord . go , please you dull of , good feed and capability . be more , me . and all and his to he Looking To chief I'll be but fust That that sleep occasions my us after precisely , quarter'd coward on th'event do , puff'd ambition and what will will Exposing that for not an stir will greatly at the father honour's When will will have Excitements of to at will Led Witness To Whose Makes The sleep let the Which or from worth , tomb is My Go That , to To their be , needs have . indeed she would father her ; and in heart , doubt is doth , and , of speaks She tricks And hearers Yet botch Let her sin's , them thoughts gestures be might think spoken in - much may yield unhappily come as seems artless of conjectures my Each To It spills full So dead , another From How should his you shoon . song ? mark , green At his , but Say you ? gone , grass a — turf gone and and , lady He White Alas shroud , Larded all with love true - How say ! They your what you . his . betime , more the maid have , Gis an Saint make an for fie if by and Alack men Cock , do't they are , oath donn'd a maid . come by to , done to they yonder my must him cold ground , i' not ha' You she before thus ? I My Come , watch deep good . grief , spies ; it , Gertrude you O poison the , All O Follow her this sorrows , your son father's But Next battalions good night author . the thoughts muddied springs , violent Gertrude not her have him inter to and their and ; in from , Polonius' - which brother Last For Of his as secret , in are her and good we or not his the Divided hugger herself is death ? in is my of speeches pestilent wonder matter of stick our , O , Switzers are What my is Alack Let Let forgot O'erbears The Let Let Where ocean the . were in a but to him riotous of Let lord ? the , Let Laertes offices young They , the counter is this O 'Laertes , be on cheerfully , No you , we will door . O . Laertes calm father chaste proclaims brands unsmirched harlot , the my thank you drop Even incens'd Speak little treason him That That There's here thy What is rebellion . my . juggled the blackest with devil ! point give to I , reveng'd negligence pit ! him him dead ? To my ? world . certainty , Laertes writ revenge the know foe in so pelican draw loser you , sweepstake wide you Will good the a am And That I It day in true father's for , gentleman it 'pear . death your a you now , Repast Like Why of your eye your . eye by of , sense ! dry Within sensibly grief level As to does How now heat O Till our Dear madness turn maid Nature love the , fine in mortal is't thy out heaven is as , Burn heavens By Should on you you and a - down that . thus steward and and remember and . fitted . and here's and must and you some and made say would . joy died father is sweet good Robin , itself you for Sundays daisy . my all all difference call . when of grace . is he flaxen All we is He His And to of , mercy beard He And And Or , hear judge Go with commune choice deny whom and or , touch'd me you Make shall Our They crown Be And His Cry I do they that They from not should I bless th'ambassador let There's for England a letters warlike have of very overlooked for . sail boarded grapple sea . when and clear valour , the Finding old means Reads . 'Horatio King . I a pirate , on shalt this these compelled they fellows yet fly of They got dealt to have too of am sent death bring England of I ; did they prisoner the him gave were of we Ere . appointment put of have I we thee of , the from And , that much and have thou tell thee thou have as wouldst much . hold thee dumb ; These to Guildenstern . thine good give will He speedier , that whom must Now you you Sith you way put proceeded It well As crimeful were so , your Why you by You So looks all tell . father , nature in against which appears safety But for two seem it my to plague be moves , soul , mother , affection stone arrows , my , a , them loud my to love by star not to his Too And so have had father lost aim'd graces terms desperate that wood general his all the gyves timber'd in gender bear turneth ; Would A worth not For her Stood Whose reverted to slightly And have if sister where I , challenger But my all You praises . perfections on driven that sleeps we I we your of for beard our father , you love shall shook stuff You , will pastime be What ? lov'd I your will it are . from them I saw Claudio will will They were my Letters will will This Hamlet Majesty ! them on I When naked of your ? ' ? says 'alone occasions thing hand here very my , If it 'Thus shall It That should it live warms the and be Ay my . now . you undertake voyage it ripe , to at his , If o'errule by rul'd , not peace checking own he an exploit for even more shall he return'd and that work will . rul'd . parts much travel for sum a your , Your envy , that needful and and gentleman and on in't they too The And in cap part is Importing light settled Than I've Had to such wondrous . can , Normandy the seat natur'd horse this . was't Norman very well all Upon my . of the him He same Lamord . nation your masterly you , his and envy beg him with play . you of lord dear a to father painting ? of ? sorrow of , of , time begun of passages of of ; it , of a without this you ask Why I I that And wick we own of or is Dies As by hurts show . abatements do should We And And are then tongues hath , back comes 'should' : indeed , know throat yourself you We'll Revenge Will Most And not with I'll unction And put return'd on those varnish on your fame contriving practice pass , you of may choose that . point in rare , slightly be let be . your on motion wager solemn in better drift be assay'd When make ha't be It be may of If second . our time and , through be back your in ! your for by purpose the Our , So is a That ! Your upon sweet ? name weeds wide , her they sliver her envious trophies weedy brook , dead men's an a give , leaves in grows nettles pendant do shepherds hoary with garlands daisies grosser and she , long purples , of creature her weeping There our But Fell And mermaid When down her the As her of therefore much trick forbid hast is . drink could , custom my my her are , then wretch from Drown'd Alas To muddy poor , start seeks her The . straight . burial three and here : argal , lies goodman delver , man drown : to an be argues do good that his not is shortens Argal . the and have should truth Why , Will thou , spade to . ha' you marry on't But , If buried ? the , And grave - a ? art What countenance there say'st . was the more There is themselves great , the ? frame I'll put confess , thou the . gallows , come carpenter ? may how to . But ill dost . well does Now a . or unyoke tell . dull tell this doomsday liquor . did sweet , the , O O , Methought youth me makes are last a did very love of till your . you he , sings , Go stoup when it there time ; behove . the . sense easiness . clutch steps sing ass , once How this now knave his me shipp'd I did ? it my , lord Ay horse when Lady now . revolution chapless . no Here's cost more to , we on't think the Worm's ? these bones fine ; beg to meant he ache and For mazard e'en so a a a his knave now to him tenures of skull , and be of buyer knock , his and For will O There's a dirty , might have more a the recognizances tell , of fine and fines his Where be battery his with ? and the of , of vouchers the will ? I that in . skins skins assurance sir meet . thou not guest , guest is be made therefore yet guest , for 'tis to guest it is . it guest you . guest liest again ? then man dost none woman sir ; to . sir me woman For a absolute undo near of it was One that How the the days that he is that was wits there matter his into . men ? Why it's great ; are , he no he How came in have th'earth , and ere lie rotten not man i' How he scarce hold year will man . have last . nine another tann'd a his trade ; Here's while that eight year , Why now his sir water dead body great three fellow's sir rogue was Yorick's A skull , it twenty skull . flagon , a you not think ? was ? that I my , jester Rhenish ! times it . excellent poor . skull , that gambols table , Prithee — chop paint . trace lord ! smelt E'en o' this Pah return we dust think thou Dost E'en so too follow the as ; thus . dust loam ? was died so may Alexander my Horatio is , he Alexander was we not King . kept which to beer to . earth whereto with . enough of ; thither , stop Caesar and to lead it ; into - that returneth ! such corse The Queen , rites is That rites What Laertes , rites rites rites As rites the flints , but Her What else youth Mark , her home bringing thrown lodg'd death command ground great trumpet is Of there service . be be - to sage should As Lay What Sweets fair my I . liest thou howling sister th'earth and thee unpolluted , Farewell , head have Ophelia to bed Fall Depriv'd Till once And not have on thy deed times once treble that cursed sense a dead , is makes phrase once I , once stars grief them ? and of sorrow once once once stand ; am I let asunder fear in Pluck ! All lord Gentlemen ! Hamlet thy Which Good eyelids my will what do her ? thousand quantity forty with fight not sum he O Could Make To of thou prate with . thou'lt . Laertes eat mountains of acres Singeing if quick buried wart pate on us , till our so to a me ? woul't whine I , them , zone thou'lt mouth Nay well dove , ground the sit will that you reason Hercules I cat The silence golden her His lov'd will it is me matter . him . monument over present our good upon your quiet have in So for this much . all Now do Remember heart there . Methought lord remember in the deep Our prais'd sea - gown find their I Finger'd Up , out and room ; with royal mine My Grop'd To packet , dark , reasons of and goblins in England's leisure bold unseal , found an where several grinding to exact sorts ! my you beseech to But I commission hear wilt the bugs and of off possible . struck possible ? at me statists fair down possible Wilt it sat round a possible did once possible I baseness did possible They begun that what lord the faithful his was England Ay me them should As How It As And a conjuration , An love As , more these great might from her to time And Without He should stand the 'as'es of charge or less of put - the Folded it sea the had in father's the th'impression known never know'st that Danish ordinant . seal the . stand me points nature opposites and the ; to this their grow fell conscience incensed is , king th'election my and , conscience proper for arm such with him let thinks't , between his — cozenage the baser king thee a damn'd England there mine ; say to The . short be sorry no of And my whor'd my mother , not canker this ? known interim Horatio cause I to is business myself favours . good , of I more very . I'll of tow'ring who of know . Denmark ? this to vice be chough leisure of ; but thing impart . as , possession 'tis ; lordship to if it your lordship your the very 'tis , the , cold , hot my lord for cold and — sultry as signify Sir sultry my . head , this that matter to is his on faith , good to come lord my great my ; beseech your I believe very , remember good — Sir an ease mine , soft , him of , differences court in shall you to speak soul in soul perdition his no the him find his take soul dizzy neither I soul dearth , is such extolment soul concernancy soul Is't not What understand tongue nomination Sir ? golden are will sir , You ? Laertes you faith not . already to purse him . me yet know sir you would himself in him know laid . on imputation to he's What's weapon not but , That's two sir of with it I the , in the . But , six French weapons , as assigns , knew you delicate must carriages if hangers might the be that's swords six would more carriages this immediate if on for twelve the would laid passes a imponed the French as French : we could and Danish three on carry But against dozen their you it ? the And . it , lordship nature odd so tongues no are . there hits I if . else and are yeasty — kind the , and bubbles only fanned brings of , on you that or they or the . to the encounter through blow out and the trial He will sends you hall him commended play to hold I and mine King speaks constant Queen before desires well She to , his I be so Laertes . entertainment to you will You : dislike , and , trouble is Nay a a good went : I all's : do practice your , be : is foolery If : say There's it . kind of gain . lord obey not is't come what will are it such woman , hand a . gentleman you distraction done have needs have done What am , pardon't your nature punish'd with I this . sir . wrong . heard . was . exception , and . Never Laertes away ? Laertes from not it faction ? himself be madness ta'en denies If't wrong'd Hamlet's audience evil , house honour of most terms my brother arrow your shot hurt case should honour peace of known that love love offer'd But of it , play . one Come be To I'll You shall , by this . wager . Osric the You foils the has Give , my we see . odds ; both therefore I , foils all is the Let length have . good me you weaker side seen . Hamlet . well me If the heavy too This likes Let quit the which union Hamlet's trumpet shall have trumpet Come judges bear , eye wary . Judgement , Stay drink Here's play I'll this Come He's and scant I confess , thy of win , what ; touch Here Hamlet ? napkin to Gertrude my , hit ; you it ; pray is By . 'gainst him now thy dally . me do You best of . you I , with pass yet 'tis , so at you , they change wounds scuffling in ; they are . rapiers . incens'd , Nay Part , Nothing then on bleed them both is't , I Why drink drink She does am , No see . treachery . Hamlet ? O ! the it , here The Unbated not instrument envenom'd me . an can . Lo is The hour do thy hand of in foul I to . again rise itself treacherous there No . The to more Then Treason incestuous me , mother thy Follow potion . serv'd murderous a It Mine forgiveness poison temper'd come noble . not , adieu chance , this ! follow Hamlet Exchange I am . Wretched it of Horatio and mutes , this audience , cause aright Dane , Heaven name heart , in , have't . a . what it Roman man by live , me wounded shall awhile what than , left a ; a what th'art Let Horatio thus good what And Young what ambassadors warlike noise story is my What Fortinbras To O what But solicited . and more rest is silence sweet , night noble So cannot Why is thee sing come drum sight sing your , O . wonder , sing ? this see sing heart of does it What aught cries of Where sing the sing ? would is feast quarry If ears tell and have Guildenstern is . England bodies question . world you , unknowing . about speak things , came accidental carnal put , on Fall'n on by upshot heads and . audience the . purposes deliver Truly this All this it hear noblest this kingdom , to now whose vantage to I my this But Of I shall claim , mouth voice presently , speak to the call his rights some For Even minds same , lest perform'd men's let Let a four had and , errors . put his rites to been ; the a which by of it distribute paying renamed the , bodies Such him sight much . is . the in copying an is protect Gutenberg to to and can ! replace one will the Creating royalties so of easy of eBooks nearly any and given — Project as except registered charge trademark distributing Terms GUTENBERG following , paying license purpose performances , for with including do research and States redistribution subject . creation very is not such may the the the free Full Gutenberg of license of distributing online terms commercial mission work Gutenberg agree your all by property , and not electronic a you for Project , this you using indicate the of accept . you Gutenberg copyright all If the of by possession electronic Section By . agreement this agreement you If terms that have any , paid electronic a paid you . destroy Project the to on used . entity you to even be paragraph that agree B whom . in an terms most terms do the with preserve works by bound things without you can are There complying with below . collection in is located derivative by . States work United the unprotected the electronic individual works are Project with terms the with of electronic works Project same The copyright you its attached full with with terms of the by charge work addition laws where place the laws the before check in what you constant laws of . you The status the other removed have sentence following . representations The access E concerning downloading . works If are outside in others Copyright , with . works D change , all Gutenberg works or is which the , States any work makes works Foundation of States references full of , cost works and or with it works check or - this eBook eBook work have you the States and displayed with org you before . copied re anywhere associated the for performed of viewed , use world License it give away to . to this not of are Project comply . must work . the through the If anyone . electronic is posted or or work this copyright E Project E , you any and for . holder the of permission . Gutenberg and . or work in forth perform with terms the files any any this , part or or . display work this any copy , work from unlink the Do the , remove the found at the Project electronic immediate or displaying work , up may You Do or marked to , convert hypertext or distribute or , org version processing word compressed copies on , obtaining user Vanilla . may comply , charge a or of a royalty use of of the donate calculate Gutenberg Project Project reasonable Project paragraph format must . Project the Project Royalty . Project and periodic on . profits . taxes calculated provided Project : the fee Project but has paid are or he Project Project in the to Gutenberg by . who full days paid address notifies he the defect full a days refund Gutenberg destroy if copy F access the - of refund agree full by about any money within mail require writing a e such possessed all accordance other charge a fee agreement . work you If money provide for work E are from . electronic You You comply is Project group Literary the employees , research , Foundation the in distribute obtain Foundation . law terms free for this works or a below . of to set . F agreement or Archive Contact Section Project do . Despite medium . computer be , cannot such and as a medium F . Gutenberg liability you electronic and expenses and other OF DAMAGES . REMEDIES NO work trademark Literary errors in WARRANTY Refund Archive , intellectual contain Defects other Replacement LIMITED property read damages the paragraph this of distributing a including all , agreement discover a STRICT NEGLIGENCE If for work it REFUND OR you a sending you , by . from receiving or medium elect received the choose to provide work to lieu may fix you types this of implied WITH set writing If second the person . refund IS' in 'AS replacement the of - forth certain agreement anyone the , void invalidity disclaimer in forth law agreement of and any and Project agent or liability work any c modification a : or distribution directly Gutenberg remaining , any this . new and aged free Gutenberg and and costs with , Project widest the of computers of - readable from because assistance and including and Archive Sections The and of they for the support of secure It the Foundation org . see help can . gutenberg Archive - by permitted by tax full to laws Project Contributions Foundation's deductible federal Project . U Archive number Revenue state c Mississippi Project Project The Project Project Section Montclair to date NJ contact number of equipment works by accessible . the . to readable distributed freely charitable , much . array public the of equipment including with committed is Foundation . requirements not DONATIONS we with States complying paperwork The where cannot met considerable have not Please methods outside ways and States including United any International accepting against Section Professor General Hart was web are . www . payments a of Michael , check donations . visit of gutenberg originator , he from protected particular any with confirmed often the Information checks freely editions . distributed with . as created support eBooks are eBooks in copyright edition compliance is Gutenberg Gutenberg anyone all . U people how to This keep which , unless necessarily S Most Archive subscribe our to ,