Stand most twelve this For , Have And I thanks . come Get stirring quiet Well meet night bid them Who . Dane ground the liegemen to this and Marcellus . is tonight again nothing our . there fantasy , hold him along night not 'twill this , sight let minutes of speak once Tush may He Touching , the have not will this us if eyes our tush again approve I this entreated and , it burns now yond Last us hear we nights sit of t'illume Peace In . It speak King scholar Look one Marcellus where beating dead comes it . Horatio , it ? time and . away I speak ! charge thee will and , not , Horatio What think God See Stay now Before How this You tremble than might on't ? you I and sensible my Without Such was very armour Norway to in when , sledded strange he had , and he tell and , and of implements most opinion ; us Our me labourer - Sunday , of sore ; war sweaty week that the from the with last to emulate a , King Norway , esteem'd of , by goes on prick'd combat the so to , Whose as know side Thereto ; in known those competent had same young full and here and there , lawless , the unimproved Hamlet carriage vanquisher inheritance King ; by the ; conqueror the return'd Fortinbras , is no some to which our unto recover father the main post haste sort our watch question trouble the Julius of , eye the figure : blood star stands of with fierce fates events , empire eclipse , where me Lo though , it thou soft , and heaven hast any earth cross earth thou If to earth Which happily privy and thing or blast to earth to , earth earth ! voice of , thy . may ! in earth , in ! and speak ? partisan not ! here ! being 'Tis 'Tis , Do We is to speak And it offer do gone It then , lofty of sea god his in the with cock Awake , faded on the present . And of 'gainst , dawning singeth , all is It Wherein bird The , our birth no strike abroad believe part the to the ; charm long planets time ; know . to with duty , this Laertes , Voltemand Attendant green memory hearts be our To The bear To jointress wisest hath in remembrance warlike a and to as , Th'imperial with contracted be so Therefore That one with we in Have In to wisdoms , With Taken affair our dream of his of those all pester and dear our , have which know supposal , follows Or state thinking with this be to ourself father Our Lost our for with surrender disjoint time we young of bed that here is : Cornelius For Giving of good is with the King and full herein and his nephew's impotent is valiant for and is business gait Of To Who is His The Out is To You : haste you , articles VOLTEMAND , reason some We And That You cannot speak my more of throne thou mouth . Denmark and toward leave gracious again pardon What from wrung , lord will you By He Take you Have And thy now beseech I give him ; it Laertes thy But I . it that is so Not , Hamlet thy know'st for thine my How And 'tis ever cast , I thy on vailed lids , dust the seems ; play might passeth suits man These , a that and within your in commendable , filial must lost father you But In unfortified a heart A It An understanding we impious most is unschool'd 'Tis . do In most incorrect mind and , must obsequious obstinate condolement stubbornness be be be be 'This be be of be we cheer cousin , is Here and retrograde you bend school to comfort of our son our and our your , Wittenberg intent . eye Hamlet , tell , would not into itself too too this that O ! Thaw ! months So ! Hyperion Visit ! two Possess ! But he to a king satyr a That I Must not Niobe Like it As me what Let By O Would left . O dexterity it most of the such cannot of of father's brother ; longer Ere Had She of of And The , am of same , well lordship see : And what make very glad see what , in faith My ? you you — from truant to A , make Good you my good . with : I , enemy ear of you affair know truster yourself teach came , prithee My We'll fellow my see not was , lord I think , Thrift Did Would ever Where ? Horatio , was him , Saw I my once , all in , king . hear . night - cap middle and , thrice solemn by A figure and . waste encounter'd them the Two Marcellus dead , exactly and nights fear he walk'd fear they of , This did kept both , made true and time watch . father like good , not speak with secrecy the they thing hands But where you none I lord it It lifted to But vanish'd like it upon , lord My And To honour'd writ it down , of ? troubles this but BARNARDO and , Both From , my say Arm'd face ? foot you . wore frowningly his up . in anger than ? you amaz'd . walk you 'twill warrant will sable silver'd it . tonight his it though I this silence twelve . honour your . you mine ! arms would All is night deeds well not men's . eyes will to foul : you the play still the My Though , the . Farewell . as assistant me hear do doubt For it not nature and violet the and the that ? his nature lasting ? this as no Think No so perfume more . sweet , a ; minute , must doth loves . you , it further no place believe of of your Unto with Then is It As his the give in And the therefore himself ; sanctity The Whereof head what heart , voice of Denmark goes he so his he fits Or If lose , you Ophelia To your too list chaste importunity unmaster'd , the and beauty calumnious the of your open , songs ; affection brother treads father But . I And recks , long too a like the Himself O double blessing grace ; leave shame sail your , aboard second shoulder of few . for stay'd sits Laertes wind Be Those friends thou thine censure France and lender both husbandry be true ; the to night as edge nor generous friend and . that ; station : this , your go be false the self . lord it key of Farewell . he , in keep said oft hath to Marry hath So please told private so he well you free so understand as — of audience me 'Tis of your be in You way do it between that As is What ! hath , in such tenders , perilous speak . you these . me importun'd honourable — hath go call may he the almost all holy speech . phrase . fool a . this making ; investments for their dye given vows ; that . his sanctified of they suits bawds ways this for ; talk slander charge , lord you obey I I air is It twelve ? now . hour and an of is ? I I it not held . a this wake tonight and it spirit draughts trumpet thus upspring Rhenish . bray observance west east with other phrase nations it takes height our perform'd attribute at indeed particular of wherein oft vicious addition ; marrow some birth though nature not them in men , reason these men ; of mole some and pales cannot mole for That Since down , Or mole mole By breaking their some plausive habit manners , livery — mole general fault . The mole may censure take undergo pure , evil , grace it defend ! of intents to me Why Let I father not their his wicked , why the again in wicked complete mean , wicked wicked reaches wicked shake we What ? wicked Wherefore away impartment . alone removed more courteous do ? did with our should some To a , it . no do waves It Why for I do set , will then Do what my waves to if Or it there beetles the tempt his assume o'er might draw more many so That Without Go You off you in , not out nerve , follow thee . of . what follow Have thus will , lead thou I almost I When Mark . is to poor My thou the confin'd day certain purg'd unfold whose start stars ; freeze prison my that I am of , in blood , list father end . house lightest young be — murder unnatural , strange most foul this As me Haste But foul most Murder A stung serpent a Rankly The me by abus'd but did thou thy . father's wears prophetic O of his , From O will , what most won and incestuous — seeming a my of seduce ! it went hand was in to on a . lust So , a on a celestial angel , air orchard on stole on on on effect my hebenon distilment an leperous porches of in quicksilver alleys courses droppings bark'd body by queen blossoms to ; thee the made all reckoning even crown in sent my most on but imperfections my ! but thou Let but prick The but And but Adieu but Taint Against but shall And bear you I you poor thou , But And , my ? while . fie O . his the adieu distracted from away trivial table In of All saws Yea Ay I'll Unmix'd the with O may tables this the , O baser book and most villain is smiling it a ! villain ! woman and , are sworn't . HORATIO So be . Within , boy ! news , by my , HORATIO heaven my . once man ? lord an To tell us lord villain arrant i' the hands at shall my own and pray words , for go business desire whirling heartily I'll poor Horatio , you , will . not . have . in I , not already . indeed . Swear . there . have you the Art ? in . that oath . have . sword Swear work i' . this is give , but night as things more therefore or as How And are Than are , That 'If Or we So you That know speak' know' thus such at pronouncing your encumber'd by , or doubtful — this and your some of ; ambiguous of Beneath your Rest With your That time The your ever your of born , together Reynaldo . right it I to friending your . set . sir , Look Paris in said are where what means I what and son come you keep it did . intend very what said me and who , first company this do Than Take as 'twere know my demands and knowledge touch and . nearer finding , encompassment — his lord , ' ; him marry none so ; swearing most liberty noted wanton ; there say wild very ; lord may go him in . liberty ; fiery of taints . know good , good . that good my sullies sound son good — good consequence assur'd good would , warrant my drift of , you i' would him on working to did — Where consequence ? leave ' . say ? say say , 'gentleman say . about he something say ' say the , 'friend say 'closes know the say you say , marry ! in's , fare me have former You find forth or , enter so this . of of and , lecture lord son by By With you lord Alas , my , as , Hamlet Ungart'red what With No as his shirt , purport each unbrac'd , other . of To lord Then goes took He he wrist the the length but know Mad comes out had he My not me with And last thrice his falls would He end his it with seem'd He As And , head a — he to it waving up and , so arm lets all piteous shatter turn'd eyes help undertakings am , King . heaven . mad I , What No I did good repel him that I heed beshrew our to ourselves common cast To As be More is , grief known as But in it . to than to utter to the it have sending much did kept younger go hide lack discretion Rosencrantz long love , we being to . Hamlet's Welcome Moreover Something so the of th'understanding of that thus entreat brought you with I . your in our here rest , so on little That vouchsafe pleasures , death . it himself , both youth and to our within may your companies , awhile us gentry men hath , two much it good , thanks king's fits visitation and shall receive . you majesties us , command of , visit Rosencrantz We up give To , son bring My practices mine have King liege , my my my else that so , to Assure you or of policy sure hear Hamlet's do to cause that shall ; feast in them and to do that admittance the be , I fruit grace me , head He father's it death is all sweet source no of my to , son's long . bring hath distemper he the o'erhasty but queen friends him that your our and other main , Voltemand marriage . desires brother our sent which , the , and ! we shall out greetings into Highness , sends , whereat truly found , griev'd arrests , impotence and out , Polack , shown give . day My This It and you is Go Meantime Answer we to Most madam night to , waste is night , soul time is to what and wit . that madness is . be nothing else but mad that ? that that ; this by thus that , remainder obedience she and surmise . that — Ophelia , effect And this comes cause duty this and me in Who the That's Doubt Doubt madam stay the to But love most that I I am Good Doubt ill , Ophelia they given time , hath , hath my his solicitings , me to it . have believe not ; show'd , reckon Adieu place and lady more out receiv'd of above All man But faithful and what must I perceiv'd had so a As I Or my Before If What Or Or upon No queen mute , book , think to work . star fruits a , no of tale to . a this into short precepts of went idle round bespeak : did I I I thus out my advice . ''Tis so . for know that ' otherwise . indeed the the ? further it walks the lobby indeed my an the . the the . me . mercy Hamlet God , know me Do sir I , were to be a . thousand world ten , goes , picked . is ; far daughter my I Aside . may first at gone me How not i' daughter you not . this by ? Conception is a , harping What a Still was I youth said . suffered much gone very lord lord that here says their purging eyes of men . amber wit thick , have grey you . backward , I and the ; potently plum tree gum yet should hold they , not it out air am though I it if lord ? method is in't — reason leave will him between meeting be often this sir be of my Aside delivered humbly sometimes his and him How daughter my on , grave Into A lord cannot You suddenly the so contrive , honoured My Polonius seek good You go Lord excellent As friends My Happy Fortune's soles waist her parts secret you her Then the of Fortune Then particular Fortune news lord she my news Denmark's Prison , prison news many news are the one world the ? news and news so one there Then , then thinking ambition it 'tis ; it nutshell could space God Why Which dreams think for my lord . good or your mind too for dreams . of . dream , bad the a . quality heroes for is shadow court our . Then and such shadows are beggars Shall our matter will like beaten To visit poor in thanks other I Were . you visitation , a halfpenny free speak , sent most the am what a it come . and not for and King good your But should the know in To colour . anything it own . What kind enough ever of confession direct my , direct dear me more youth let our direct conjure , by a by , with no direct What eye of have I then direct . My Guildenstern for direct Queen lost goes seems direct other ; but frame excellent wherefore and the canopy this thing and , reason admirable , in of it this that custom of have disposition o'erhanging is this what the : god yet no in such no seem ; me you , how to . thoughts neither action of , woman entertainment Lenten way what ? my , say stuff not them the shall part they delight the ; halt shall ; the , in th' blank the whose in reputation whose of whose — tickle end lungs are man whose shall , in the ? whose or are residence of I . whose they are not top sir , of — are the there , that These cry out on now them many fashion and escoted they scarce How ? thither — them wrong . succession players not as is . the . was for both . the player went . own their against exclaim longer themselves better their common . while cuffs say it There ; too his load twenty . find , and forty and ? is uncle King . those , little of philosophy could , picture the dear my the and Elsinore the Your is lord the ? the . the . You the . the hearer . That clouts . old ; them and to child . players the twice come , Well be is north - hawk yet too at it . they Mark so indeed man 'twas Rome . have hither are to news to When Roscius buzz you , ass , scene - tragedy are hadst light . ' ? love . my lord i' Still — loved old daughter . that Jephthah , like you , and lot then Nay that , The welcome , last . last mistress of and , thee all not cracked . Pray speech passionate , Come ring God the French falconers What Thy comes . is to glad to heaven within I . is chopine nearer Denmark in acted was — top mine with of that down the in , fine the it matter scenes cried said but more tale than no play But of , Priam's let me . where The memory is Black With When he as rugged black in , lay this murders mothers God , of vile mothers thus o'ersized like Old mothers mothers To mothers mothers 'Fore finds too at command falls whiff father finds with the to to Pyrrhus Rebellious But Th'unnerved finds feel . rage finds a lo the and ear was Pyrrhus' Which Of finds A reverend finds , The as winds bold But in the rend region hush the Priam Did often , anon new him forg'd for proof hammers Pyrrhus' work , Cyclops' , less With Now than . bleeding All sword fall the remorse falls , out Out , And In Aroused Doth As never armour ; so - pause , Prithee say ; Hecuba bawdry come away ! you her from fellies down is your beard — he flames to mobled ? good the . eyes in's , of gods not eyes and . that made at . Good them . The . in study a need down . that and night Follow or ha't We'll Very well Guildenstern and peasant I am I slave in's he to nothing ? all Hecuba tears with the ? his his dream this passion , passion he for would do or the with and , horrid stage speech free , I ; drown and and the guilty ignorant and mettled , not for a I , property . No and breaks blows the slave's should To With Why But Ha Remorseless , have oppression I should - bitter fatted , vengeance ! heaven my very words , presently scene the play , father these , my of he quick observe his looks speak players , will devil that I , of on himself feels forward madness confession , aloof some . well you But Niggard question his disposition our demands , players certain him these a Of that his reply we the court joy kind already , of inclin'd doth the to . edge content , me , it true before about have him us for accident by , hither , sent 'twere , my leave closely as and ourselves of father so may Will gather be th'affliction of love , for he , Ophelia lawful . unseen judge is behav'd do happy , shall suffers his obey good wonted shall his I the . virtues your again . you this book cause . helps art conscience ! that painted with true ! it , lord Let's not take and ache heir and : die consummation shocks — say natural , rub , the . mortal dreams there's may the long time 'tis . dream flesh heart by who oppressor's pangs of bare a With But No traveller makes The undiscover'd us rather , puzzles weary grunt To Ophelia sins , this for Good thy action regard my not of hue cowards pale great ! in remember'd Nymph of pith turn their name all this the enterprises And And How does lord Be fair your you did ? deliver - I long have well remembrances to I you , No , with made And Rich My I pray gave aught . right their well lord rich prove to for of know you rich when ! My you ? fair ? rich noble breath sweet rich the rich Ha rich gifts wax There rich , ha What fair That beauty , Could Ay truly is likeness . a for , it the bawd This you it what you you . honest my indifferent you that revengeful were Why but you ; but the I you nunnery with mother you such . had more fellows imagination as I offences none father lord my , nunnery knaves give of crawling or , I wouldst better myself thee to a yet could borne them do he Farewell . but fool ways to and earth thy between Go may your . house help you , own give him O too . you wilt plague what , marry , pure go heavenly too O know : as go , nunnery , to Go . will , shall have no I'll nickname and lisp and heard more , O The I , of fashion and Th'expectancy courtier's The yourselves on't Those keep they hath your . nunnery o'erthrown tongue ! form is , here rose most , what glass of a soldier's and , all seen though , out affections not tend in brood out lack'd that see . out wretched tune of is I blown of , feature out form jangled and noble out and out have His out something on and sits hatch the melancholy which he what Was Will Thus the the of his This himself still matter shall , in beating . But you as him entreat yet of you him different , heart I grief ? ear not , with the , play , fit plac'd conference . let . all you his his show And Let ; wisdom great the But I ; pray mouth my , if town ; use gently Nor pronounced ; do very must tear it offends ; had acquire air trippingly I too ; a groundlings torrent the as you to as players not . lines spoke but it as many of O fellow as but for as It . as it as anything this special both at mirror end the playing modesty me to o'erdoing , who Termagant shows and . tutor the nature , and , Now her hold the action nature 'twere . this overdone but that image own to discretion own up cannot , laugh very for ; age to I have make to not in the make , heard and that pagan others having censure the of praise others the , and O . so made journeymen nor well thought O too considered in that meantime to in That's to be Will lord of presently that and , the How King Queen piece this ? work And Here , lord , O dear what , Nay do your service as , e'en conversation may not hope from , flatter lick of the absurd should tongue of , spirits good thee ; the pomp fawning her poor ? flatter'd fawning fawning me Fortune's . and my too in fawning co that Give for well are finger heart . fawning King circumstance my fawning death near it tonight before , a are I of , thanks . so wear mingled ; comes , comment ghost imaginations Give him playing , theft idle . Enter Get How Rosencrantz fares ; faith this , Excellent cousin cannot chameleon's dish : capons feed and others Hamlet My say and , did , enact kill'd Caesar brute was enact a I What was lord my , I kill did Julius . kill , the , kill ready so upon sit by kill patience . kill attractive me kill ? lap ? my , mean I Do You lord merry are is , Who maker should my ! Ay What mother , a man father be do lord my and ago great a he - must horse horse churches , hobby , O die then cheerfully my , Nay - hours looks my wear may two makes whose returns , declines , with whose kisses him head it asleep , whose , show Queen and Queen . whose gifts with lament action takes King kneels whose his The Queen whose woos seeming exits the to with the accepts love loth seems What this is mallecho end this means mallecho , this mallecho mallecho shall show imports the the mallecho . counsel mallecho . play ring or , beg moons wash thirty Tellus' hath the And salt and borrow'd thirties have hearts commutual About So many Unite is , our world thirty count Since ere from , I sick so love sun most may o'er of state distrust : so , fear doubts are is in aught neither love my love Now And as is fears is must powers their functions love love , shalt shalt For , belov'd , live in thou confound second . of second wed None respects Wormwood A base When you do , slave but birth the think to , the . speak you bed move of none but in husband dead oft me kisses , my husband believe what poor sticks : forget ourselves that what ourselves violence necessary when grief purpose passion propose debt on . tree be , is with aye should question loves for joy revels enactures , on destroy . most doth lament fortune love strange , of fortune on mark you makes shall friends else enemy his a and thoughts him give food heaven me when him no ends overthrown of . try a doth friend , him , him scope , him him . be lasting it strife destroy joy I ever me of now it , grow Madam The O And , she'll ? Is the do in you do argument but , but no The , in Vienna jest What , Have heard you . how shall done see anon gall'd ; and , is piece . of This play is Duke's souls knavish free ; that we This interpret you and begin no , rank season apt , croaking , weeds thrice agreeing . thy damnable time doth and collected ; Pox leave seeing , rises . lord . of estate choice with fares the . of roses Provincial feathers away must . lights , hart , play ungalled some ; the ? sir . pound very very Didst very . very well ? lord the very he . very , perdie not it very my ha , Ah then Come For , Why The Is Your doctor should With sir richer his frame . and . purgation signify this plunge so him the to would me hath . my it mother's of sent breed the such answer , hath . mother's a admiration behaviour your . or matter this ? admiration ! But you her our us once with , these by cause you pickers . your the . friend ? your have of griefs love your advancement surely stealers to the proverb something you with is , me drive is unmannerly too into and . cannot . most the stops . will finger your mouth these harmony thing note what Call . it and , you in will . think ! pluck top though ? weasel Methinks mass , cloud yonder the , see , you . presently camel a . of whale They and fool me , friends hot of time itself hell and business firm unnatural . hypocrites shent , soul my it madness commission will To him England with us prepare forthwith you , you . lunacies his keep live feed many armour and and single spirit not it with the alone of many weal cease and rest , voyage Never lesser it speedy groan things when this upon fetters goes ROSENCRANTZ this - us . to , and ; home him tax was myself mother's haste I'll his , o'erhear mother a know lord . bed it call of what Since speech , what tell upon vantage eldest what my double shall where I what What to defeats ! the offence I'll what inclination like business what first enough rain confront the we this twofold . queen murder the I but of offence brother's visage to of up my am my still , force I'll foul th'offence retain may currents of , shove this , and pardon'd by prize so above ! death Make be as strings babe of steel , black bosom struggling angels new well he , And . would be the of heart with ! be free be assay now be be All be be A O took all how him and he He To To But pleasure 'Tis pleasure take him the pleasure for thou asleep season'd more pleasure horrid rage , kick damn'd mother days sickly . pleasure . pleasure , him . him silence hath your Within heat Much Pray be . too lay thoughts heaven to his him He Tell . Mother , him me not . much offended matter ? father an tongue . idle ? now , so ? not brother's , a with me wife . not shall You . not I'll , Come then see wilt may and I set inmost do , help wilt part , ho me mother my you can a up , Draws dead rat , Behind Where , not . done hast a ducat help , A know I rash a king deed what A As , As and king farewell , thy intruding , my bloody and a Polonius To let is it I not heart your so noise What that proof and dar'st the virtue fair Calls That blurs From of and takes an act an Such grace blister hypocrite , blush ? this two and on brothers this , act , grace , An eye Mars the of , on of the - kissing was every on give Here your is moor it this cannot day upon to blood the the this Sense not this on Blasting New The And You batten - waits from call love judgement ? motion madness was in That To Eyes without Or not Could in Rebellious hell where is smelling one ! difference true , eyes , or you without hands but so If corruption Nay As And Thou O I see , of to their the In A cutpurse That precedent Save A of and . patches your your shreds twentieth not the shelf your Of the from And put it in No more . go command lets ? by . forget of Is look to whet but Sprinkle cool him cause and form His with Lest . piteous . conjoin'd not what I ? look tears Then colour all Nothing Why Look he goes where This the Is as as I That Would And And makes gambol . from not have . that not pulse . grace test not soul speaks . within place madness your to to , come ; to . weeds , do cleft thou O Yea not , not worser with go not part other not the to who , evil And not O not Good Assume not monster That not That He aptly That I And either abstinence . desirous you you potency the can almost curb are blessing do word Not this the bloat What King your on cheek reechy , do you , and , worse , and only , tempt to you paddling him good you let , fingers , bed mouse out him wise , ape do , a , gib , bat would top basket . secrecy like in own words made of to . on so Alack my two fang'd my way , know and seal'd letters the 'tis own at will the two below moon delve sport to petard me , as trust to knavery crafts O one set with And For marshal I them set Mother Come I'll , the set man one guts into me set packing set Indeed , set the night This lug good set this counsellor , set ! while I little on place Mad Ah , as Which Whips Behind The O with to us , deed whose to bloody us . what a owner so and be to been ; haunt love answer'd , not the divulging ! everyone restrain'd shall how would But pure Among he , gone it let , of keep O'er sooner him excuse him . Guildenstern vile touch deed ! for the — slain , with you go and with no Both hath But we hath hath hath Transports his soul hath the whisper seek the Gertrude them as hath air full woundless the untimely we'll call done shot o'er the both , As know his to cannon hit O Lord and on Who Safely stowed Hamlet ! here body take kin . chapel . believe it not Do it dead ? king ? lord service gleaned shall be lord . my . in speech body and to with King sleeps , mouthed rewards again ; first his he , have not , knavish but , him a King tell us of with the to this the dangerous lov'd He's Yet it that him A me Bring my man Of have How where Who I seek and bear reliev'd desperate away . pause , th'offender's all , judgement scourge but . sending so Or is bestow'd the , Now Ho Where supper ! lord us . Polonius lord eaten is and variable the maggots Your to beggar table but , emperor ourselves service end worm a fed that the king all fat worms where Not politic he man fish with fish to What of thou a dost show month Attendants there . safety especial thyself send . everything wind at bent . Farewell is one England . aboard — aught thee at hold'st give raw and , Do that my rages 'tis I Till joys conjuring letters the haps , Captain Tell his Craves his express I Go softly . Poland ? sir , to old of the some main against it to The nephew Who commands Norway Poland for no I yield , rate then ranker ducats the it Yes Why will , Will That Why Two souls thousand be go , you straight ? A beast market after , no , after craven Now godlike large discourse after it — do but th'event after reason do after thing's , precisely quarter'd , after , too oblivion us or to and Examples do't yet three parts cause I live . gross delicate a army such at , of mouths the invisible , death is find and while of imminent all of , death like numbers the for a their graves beds O is tomb bloody be or not , will would her and , yet with ill come as to sandal what , pray a Ophelia mark the my flowers did . showers a was but day clothes an Charity shame . yonder my thus cold good watch grief Gertrude thoughts have judgement Poor France ear death places ? list riotous but be they . in leave . proclaims brands . like our king , giant Do not so Gertrude incens'd . Speak Where not But How hell and grace Vows ? dead allegiance , That both dare the what Conscience I worlds ; for comes Most far My They shall far my will , go desire far to , death is't know Laertes far you , father's far and far but far Repast them kind friends the good , his And Like As shall as now up and brains What her Let . Within O maid is't precious the it love beam shall virtue that by weight ! paid of the mortal loves , bier nonny , on , nonny rain'd , and not move , call him the is more . than love thoughts and thoughts of a father died all to come come is dead bed - as snow . gone moan , ours we we , bones , we to we we axe we 'twere 'twere speak 'twere have letters 'twere . 'twere of 'twere . you sir . letter ; is if overlooked have to for give we . be boarded boarded him . these were us boarded a instant They ; dumb These boarded . as thee make boarded have the hold thine boarded way that to that have much to will I to matter to their may them me to seal to these my your , slain tell against all . things either it life to the by love but star his moves her . The might bear arrows , a wind again bow my wood loud so had a that , turneth so in I gender my lost terms back go must and danger dull not with shook flat shall . into . all the come will . them the to He them I shall hear Leave shall him , by Laertes shall , us you shall shall beg shall pardon more Are all the , me advise you here and tell thou diest sickness . so live him ' 'Thus it it me — so — so so so so ? so peace no return'd no he that will no my no be no . no no travel sum my ? less it weeds his Two Normandy , his his demi and far So short Norman of A my gem him And He gave made art your and out match neither Hamlet so . coming , you are I think I see the or within snuff growing is a much is we 'should' is yourself is back More is To is place you do return'd put And set wager Most not Or bought that that be from be but further be be be look second be wager for nonce escape your hold upon sister's O leaves hoary fantastic nettles do , brook awhile chaunted . But an an an she an , an drown'd an hast forbid ; will out , fire folly Gertrude to , give follow she wilfully straight . own her Christian burial in . the hath point three wittingly an perform , delver and . argues The . defence ? lies an argal she : and For else goodman water the . water Argal shortens is quest she that . that great burial been ? to , him drown that his is . that Christian a gentlewoman , law . that not that is they : spade Was Christian , gardeners ditchers Why , dost How the understand thou he without ? digg'd first the and grave he ever none Could art Adam heathen thou thee that is The thy wit What he stronger builds the for that To't a , does outlives , shipwright thou well a tenants thousand ? carpenter the the . to than builds Who is well built faith gallows Now . or . unyoke . the , argal ; church , I thee Marry , a stronger I , I cannot tell . can . I now To't I , makes I thee get , love my , I I at sings next will not , mend 'a question . Go . liquor of did for was I it methought O O contract In youth when the fellow , time was there grave no of - in his business little property a him employment of age if I shipp'd claw'd had me his , never and politician steps clutch such land the did the How the now ass ! lord sweet might it God lord - beg it it , Cain's circumvent could , if as o'er murder it to offices one the pate would might lord my meant to an to , think the to breeding we knocked about the and his Where sconce action about him knock tell not will this O quiddits he , dirty with There's shovel This , Hum Why does , in's time a knave be , buyer fine him fines the to a in scarcely have of lie of , not his his of pate purchases indentures no my , Ay Is more more , box this jot ha ? my parchment a made and lord are speak to calves fellow and this They clay sheep which . sir seek out assurance clay , sir Mine of clay clay made to is guest such be clay think O , it in't , For clay my dost no For clay woman What man then , For none in't to is but be speak must Horatio , so We he near the heel , How us absolute it is long you young was he — that How ? of the been i' , no Why not seen be , 'Twill not Hamlet the he ; mad wits his ground what I . e'en Faith , with losing How strangely ? say . pocky sexton th'earth ere trade he more tanner , laying A . will the than his with tann'd is sir , eight a water body A whoreson , mad it This on Alas Alas Let Alas , on his Alas is me it a Alas not my now she Alas E'en o' looked And smelt so E'en Horatio ! lord . so . imagination bung not trace - hole Alexander of died earth clay away in the and dead hole a wall soft ! t'expel which the , King , estate . flaw comes the to wind . awe world earth that but soft Mourners Laertes What ceremony else ? Mark . very youth . far the lodg'd , her . doubtful enlarg'd , order . her churlish sister maid , wife liest Farewell . liest Hamlet's sweet have Ophelia ? the liest been that cursed ingenious head liest while liest liest , woe most treble sense a mine dead , of , my well thy , hand Away something splenative not and quiet . be will Good no eyelids , my Laertes ! mad , my up Make Could O For weep woul't up show fight drink do't outface I'll buried To woul't 'Swounds love Woul't woul't of woul't Make like his rant woul't I'll woul't Be if a her woul't will patient the drooping thus dove , him mouth , as mere fit sit golden the is This himself and dog Horatio good lov'd will , our . all remember , heart my in the than plots a Rough - sea I mine grand Oh Larded Importing ho That , on My be be thus be begun be a did be forget be The England should debatement shriving How even my writ never fight Thou and make my own and a thee canker further issue Laertes image a who right sir , let ; lordship thank me , indifferent very is , your , for ; him suffers be , speaks ? Why in the nomination , sir not faith Well what I well in weapon six it and it of it it margin it the it matter hangers , trial if the hall Let , but after , the suck'd the habit through blow him Laertes to use my France But a a you to yet he and sir you , be does , madness Hamlet's audience a arrow in in and masters my and my offer'd not my my embrace brother's my one my , a fiery mock know the it is heavy , my wine first of to an which worn on Come , Judgement . very ; again cup the what ; first set , win of napkin fortune drink I yet hit him . my of . and rapiers , my springe mine Queen ? to How to , own , Hamlet bleed them O poison'd it the see drink I be door ! the , thou art hour Let world not instrument envenom'd The the . can do is . Lo Thy in here foul thy poison'd . Is murderous ! friends , and treason . am OSRIC The point incestuous thou , Drink mother Follow . hurt I this off my me not by a forgiveness is temper'd thine free Horatio let his in I make that look , believe antique an liquor . a than this to death , tell could dead Roman me report Never the , breath . Poland my draw shall live awhile ? of volley Horatio is , heart , world tell warlike Fortinbras To This o'er He the have of . Good does angels sing thee night drum the ? sight of quarry What And If wonder wonder wonder This wonder wonder . eternal a at wonder is and that England his we from of this dead fulfill'd Guildenstern have ? is commandment our thank thanks England . question death their , these bodies view can this , fortune . audience embrace in my will whose this shall be wild same plots men's minds while and are mouth his Of For Hamlet he For Bear prov'd four , most was Let , lest , passage war for put the rites of . the editions will copyright . United part the works trademark Use following use of it by protected not previous copyright Terms and copying to apply , electronic Gutenberg Gutenberg eBook , if used the license charge for is PROJECT eBook purpose and trademark such license you concept trademark trademark . trademark be the and do eBooks be ANYTHING works use , and United the and is Redistribution subject free the commercial printed eBooks not redistribution . phrase Gutenberg at Gutenberg work the of file or using . license org Use of any you or using do Gutenberg obtaining a electronic in paragraph agreement not . It be people There are E refund may See Gutenberg Project access paragraph you the do the terms with preserve . Gutenberg , PGLAF . C . The Project . the works unprotected located are electronic owns a is the copying from are prevent individual collection you to and creating to that all displaying references to compliance name associated by freely this work . for , performing , we long govern also the , are this of terms , work the to . the without charge place If . change your creating other derivative copying The Foundation work makes : other in of status any States based . to links any Project this performing no States any active to with : United no - this or most displayed , or appear , eBook work permission with copyright . Gutenberg using this accessed If you eBook or away will of phrase or are not you E through or work is . distribution any terms Gutenberg . you electronic . at works . work found and License holder for copyright Gutenberg this sentence set part copy other work , unlink or any work or of any in terms full this remove containing distribute work , E the in work this paragraph redistribute this with Project . binary format a official or or . the work format exporting a must paragraph include or providing displaying , viewing Gutenberg works works . owed he fee electronic copies E E its specified alternate in , of derive method is . gross paragraph has from Royalty be tax at donations Archive - Project trademark calculated . but Project he that Gutenberg Project and receipt of . paragraph or any provide use of . License in provide Section a full by to and the this within , medium copies in terms mail of reported terms replacement . to physical . a discovered other of , you must obtain the Foundation , permission as employees manager writing proofread and creating stored , copyright or , Project the Project may research . on Despite but , infringement , by , read in DISCLAIMER a defective Except . of the the or or Project disclaim , FOR party F - Right Project Project for costs this NO and agreement within a sending medium in you to provide or you of paid , to elect may work of . lieu or is also without second opportunity the F a your the to . providing it the If you to on with . damages of to entity . paragraph . warranties F . unenforceability limitation violates copies and , Gutenberg the works associated Gutenberg with the remaining to make law the state , indirectly costs Project of distribution electronic Foundation the hold provisions indemnify volunteers distribution , c modification expenses of Gutenberg this donations It of distribution of work , Project new readable volunteers , the Project the variety readable Project readable and widest free Mission about readable to in people of in works including exists readable assistance available readable freely Gutenberg and . permanent and information Project granted organized Information the and Literary how . Section Sections Foundation Gutenberg The . USA , tax Contributions Foundation's tax EIN exempt Project full at is and located your federal state's Literary the non website widest donations can be the widespread small Many the much . received the visit www do not compliance solicit requirements the and have we . effort these determine we DONATIONS requirements . for donate from know such states small payments and org of . make cannot received our current of S Project . please , including treatment visit check States . concerning gratefully Gutenberg treatment was library Information . anyone treatment of concept shared freely treatment distributed statements treatment . U the addresses treatment Professor Section Gutenberg This Most subscribe Archive