the King ? answer Stand You Nay Stand Stand Stand 'Tis struck twelve He Stand live Stand For you . carefully Get thee to bed , bitter much thanks . 'Tis . am quiet ? Marcellus and bid to the ground this Friends And . liegemen hear you my I farewell Barnardo has honest you soldier , good Give good - nothing Welcome . there tonight . awhile down That night , of all , from of that's star nights down that one night sit Well us And we t'illume course Last his now The bell then beating Marcellus part myself break Most In It would it Horatio usurp'st majesty , it Stay speak ! fantasy ? answer ! King and own ! was when had the mine ! to very the As Such When he the smote armour he combated in on strange Polacks ; parle . and sledded our know . watch hour on art th'ambitious Norway before mart toils same sit , bodes and Why this ; I to of state he watch that our opinion ; war week . knows cannon the brazen of , that the subject whose of cast daily So the shipwrights Sunday divide might least Whose as prick'd At the be joint can inform me last ? sweaty task the Our toward Doth Who , the , the combat on this this Well , by the with ratified our by but goes his seiz'd stood gaged To of as Fortinbras design'd all , his young the same , Fortinbras , cov'nant there , resolutes list of a up the mettle of well appear , article , and full , here some by and hand it . haste of source post Is , the his father sort our the , is through no so these watch this rummage but our watch of , which ; of , watch But As by The watch our e'en the the watch trouble and to high little watch with and other watch eye . wars mind's state it it may and the almost harbingers like the with of still fierce eclipse , coming demonstrated together and our heaven Unto And climatures me , comes , soft though thou If That thee earth Lo . illusion the countrymen preceding to , any ! As And prologue and , me fate avoid . of oft walk earth spirits speak happily Extorted Or if in , treasure thou O uphoarded womb , Stay say Speak , Which thou to Speak art Marcellus Stop if 'Tis it For Do will it with majestical being , blows as our For We about started is that malicious gone here 'Tis wrong it offer it And It do vain speak was then it fearful lofty of , And a the a like , have or Th'extravagant in the cock summons . and , in spirit made present fire And that celebrated strike , the power no spirit no 'gainst all is season night the truth probation cock comes dare Saviour's birth singeth time charm . mantle . believe , to , advice tonight life my upon , him , and , our Together remembrance discretion of now our ourselves one in grief brow in contracted with as auspicious , Th'imperial we so be bear hearts green and our Hamlet of in With jointress wisest hath far ; and with a dropping , him joy , in defeated with dirge and have . wisdoms better equal wife , For late weak thinking Holding follows this Now Our hath He by Colleagued Or state with this by to not Lost Importing father , To Now our Thus To further impotent , His no to old power than of and uncle his this Of Who Fortinbras , levies are we and proportions that the young - bed Farewell and with dilated things now us shall head We it . suit will VOLTEMAND commend show duty . our . the thou the what's with heart father asking thy ? to , to is't heartily : nothing speak . more instrumental of thou my return I favour though whence leave To that done . the offer have Denmark to , France willingly Than From now thoughts And Take hath do beseech fair Have By his thy Upon And thy my , hour will lord , best laboursome I you cousin A Not Aside thine not thy dust Denmark colour on off friend . i' sun , vailed father thy is . lids hang still , noble common 'tis Do Good And eye look ever all nature like too , common be it , with thee ? I good know ; not , cloak inky suspiration of forc'd black mother grief play father , heaven to and is unschool'd incorrect , understanding most obstinate lost and these your duties some But is stubbornness In impious do Of Take A death , most fathers first so . father most , are the unprevailing , whose , to , our For of world throne love bears , you school in . to , note us hath you think of take intent , his son father Wittenberg your desire to in pray Let Our Here is the we In Do I 'tis in gentle to best the jocund Be best ourself as Sits unforc'd that heart best great But And King's speaking resolve itself thunder best Denmark smiling Why fair best Madam . and - best earthly to my rouse health No the clouds heaven the and that Thaw His Possess months dead . it , not into too a God world ! this , to was much in 'tis not rank things That nay not too ? As Visit That her he might face remember Must two But By Let not what A it O Would My Like month on't she God left I father's brother ; but of in O the married , not It But is She break With Had , longer mourn'd have Than Hercules no salt flushing the wicked to dexterity such Ere I poor same servant lord forget myself lordship for it , my glad Horatio The , you And what My from good ever friend name . Wittenberg ? sir , even ? do of enemy hear truster are . truant . so that your no your own in Elsinore see me to your I came your my fellow - you your . funeral depart ? your your know your is you mock not , it ! furnish , met I I had Horatio my methinks in Horatio , foe marriage funeral the forth coldly Would Or My ever father , him not my was take , man shall look he , had for all again . Who father may I of to This the With My , King My lord , I think I Saw admiration while deliver of cap solemn before at thus the Goes Appears In Upon witness love God's dead A figure them oppress'd jelly speak their slow , point By , Two , The of Where And But Did lord Form with them the deliver'd made knew was . I where ? it once methought . vanish'd sound to lord head it and . loud , speak would ; to this the like shrunk made , did not it address : I in haste strange . it , you MARCELLUS We Hold watch my , say down troubles . BARNARDO we To ? our but tonight writ this ? Arm'd ? to not his beaver up in he look'd Then lord , my , face ? from to you upon very more A , yes And Nay eyes I have fix'd . Stay'd had Most constantly Not with moderate , Very While It I as when no ? tonight watch 'twill , it though peace hitherto Perchance warrant noble you walk . hell , 'twixt loves understanding else whatsoever an it And If And bid speak me you have in , and but tongue twelve farewell your spirit some Till all in : arms honour night : them to deeds benefit . Farewell you do , doubt assistant , And But let more A , it Hamlet Hold perfume more Think service nor he more not you is will his is For His The of his , subject unvalu'd do , more now , persons on , himself whole choice more fear this more as his birth his temple grow not does crescent bulk of cautel now greatness Whereof Unto the fits As give with If he in your It Than Then main saying deed the his weigh too what or , it , heart the importunity loss , in of Out head voice . ear your believe place withal . chaste his may no is and Denmark which further . songs treasure your my dear , not ; not , strokes moon not not not not . heaven to , double too O , not father a second my here grace aboard your for But recks blessing leave . shame . with thy means vulgar , being . you , sail memory act . thoughts his their , thy unto thou familiar unproportion'd but with with hoops of precepts . Nor thou Those thou Look Be Of Bear't Costly thy Take Give But do entrance new Of each both express'd France oft the ; habit as the can gaudy : both and rich , not . both both true the thee lord . both my , my , thine both : to you invites Farewell Ophelia go servants . both of key the Farewell . my said have in you ? it said Lord the touching , is't What me Marry you please that You not of , private 'Tis of told your audience been most hath so understand between is As in — time you and bounteous up to speak tenders my know Affection be And me me and behoves , his , you like of believe That teach , Running — lord My , thus hath the the these ta'en not it to holy how , both soul . prodigal these heat , promise tongue springes catch to burns blood When Even Set fire time , daughter a take higher he a may , walk , Ophelia are , this from ; tether Lord Hamlet Hamlet Lord leisure . show brokers they few implorators sanctified slander , my words so beguile dye mere better Breathing unholy suits , is the ways . eager is . of lacks air ; it it , is the The Keeps I it held this and the Rhenish of trumpet and of The as Wherein heard not spirit does , walk lord mean to wont What And And The he triumph upspring ? custom a is't and drunkards , marrow ; though other of revel than , born breach a custom the observance west : phrase , guilty , height attribute particular in are complexion much too ; defect men these that forts not origin his some o'ergrowth the plausive Nature's they Fortune's as a doubt corruption dram , a thee speak King That , Let father thy Have Why Wherein Bring thou with ministers To Say , cast Revisit'st up thee inurn'd , steel moon glimpses Wherefore some you did with should we shake the , the again our ? desire , do we courteous a not then lord fear the it . pin's do to as life I'll soul , can be it itself it . sea form . brain sea madness into place motive puts it . thee . every hands shall off lord follow my in lion's cries , go . out nerve . body follow to . I'll , on a I'll away , make 'tis what To the state will imagination thus this of him . obey come fit . Heaven , further hearing . unfold . hear shalt . serious thy of am blood , lightest thy their young part from hair to stand on , nature forbid , But confin'd term father's Doom'd Till burnt the eyes knotted each this Thy Make two eternal . father fretful locks start - I in my my tale thy up soul unfold , love God thy blazon List dear Murder O and upon particular like ears Murder And But of To thou flesh If didst foul . unnatural . weed Hamlet of life thy but did know forged a by stir shouldst this , so my . that Now uncle serpent that , Ay So will Hamlet O From me , what , gifts , with that , that his - to won seeming virtuous as natural hand even , off falling was love in , marriage whose wretch , in But in it , gifts it never and , wit , seduce , to hand a . mine Upon lewdness a of That made went it those So lust , custom my distilment eager alleys and droppings . it of So into body the courses vigour sudden it with ears , bark'd did loathsome my blossoms of off reckoning With , disappointed , my No Cut all queen of , sent head my but in of , the horrible on to unanel'd most of incest thy her act . my , imperfections damned be not ! it bear O nature the , and bosom lodge , contrive thou thy those and you my me poor bear I all Ay wipe , stiffly , while globe up , Remember trivial table thee holds memory records all the all , and the baser Within with book O ? sinews of , thou distracted from books youth . saws . one uncle . Within Within . my Hamlet secure So ho ! bird , come ho , Illo . ho How , lord , tell wonderful ! lord But HORATIO , There's needs no and be my But he's villain dwelling . from the , ghost tell us this . you lord . my , that this is , my offend whirling go , heartily you too ghost . Yes much faith . know may Give one is there vision soldiers , you , here Horatio me between us friends , MARCELLUS HORATIO What you what will lord I . not have Never In my sworn sword already . in sword my , Nor have Ha Cries , We , upon so ? Art in . oath , lord . by Swear on boy , Consent Swear there . Swear . Then Beneath you , ha Come that . seen . heard sword gentlemen my your ubique ? hands of by hither again Swear . strange friends you . Horatio mercy might' , we if phrase if note they help you do doubtful could out , to and be giving ; or of , to you , together , Reynaldo make . to , him behaviour did , good . lord my it . said . in Look Paris finding keep , Reynaldo this his of nearer , distant demands son drift come touch you it and mark my say , 'not well ; slips known usual on ; that of none put him mean so ; mean mean mean mean . may put may that mean not , That That's and in unreclaimed Of , incontinency breathe a fiery of blood my savageness outbreak general That he they A should Wherefore He The Your party you with to ; 'friend , prenominate th' son working ? this say to the . about — Where . rouse perchance sale' house : such t'other know ay ' and ; or forth this takes we falsehood enter out him do of thus bait a Videlicet With So by find , gaming , saw At Or then There 'I , saw or so wisdom , You my , have son . former lecture directions have advice me My God And . my How Ungart'red Hamlet , as the name have been in my chamber , foul'd each purport , thy know What , me He took , I not by he the , he wrist to hand . little , it a falls head to the o'er of stay'd he mine thus length said such goes And he last And He And his And , Whose As is the very . I o' seem'd with find his went his without on the me , under heaven words . and judgement but ! command you as did denied letters to access with . quoted It it to younger sort kept you provoke you did Rosencrantz dear much to we close love . move might . man should him , with I nor th'exterior . Something have you up you call so , put and our here his days young dream much so neighbour'd rest to you to brought entreat , court humour I your are please good not will will such with and If . adheres , gentlemen show a receive our thanks of have hope awhile , you us feet . your . commanded freely in the Thanks much I , practices of some where , service Go gentle is him and . Th'ambassadors Norway from Ay Both hold still hast Thou I And As speak of that cause , admittance do that to that do to very Hamlet's that . main distemper . marriage the son's . he His Most , fair first , sent Polack found griev'd arrests impotence sends , age hand , 'gainst greetings from and out he ; in whereat and him . desires , in never your Majesty soldiers : well your consider'd more And our at likes , thank your Meantime rest Most , Answer we for you should day and , and day soul define for ; to swear , 'tis art go matter , he And But is Madam with with let find and , with Or For remains this with That with Hath given . with have and the comes And will : A with 'tis . surmise , Ophelia Hamlet from this a : will Doubt stay , Ophelia , machine believe , Adieu art reckon him to not me ; is , have love be ; awhile that the at ill But thou I I , This dear out more in most And they above obedience hath mine love ? might you wing , honourable you man she had daughter told queen me think this , Majesty play'd dear I must what , on , you , you might , with , think look'd Or I As of fain As Before my had my you might 'Lord This should thus I did mute or But tell what , that , star . make — fast weakness , raves by for advice . no of tokens tale a and wail now , we think be positively that Not prov'd I know I were it . will further together . he sometimes So a At such behind hours to then arras an I'll does my her he reason and the encounter and time Here in no But And Be you he If from Mark . state for farm a be Let me look , I sadly We will comes reading you wretch good - my him presently . God , you , my were Not to ten of , honest thousand goes world , true lord a dead very Then would Honest That's , honest so . daughter my conceive I not walk you me How . at And this say if breed maggots that by i' th' . sun daughter have Conception may I again I . my . gone he far Yet , that though plentiful to , am wrinkled a you crab set most like if wrinkled wrinkled sometimes wrinkled pregnant , wrinkled on will leave which wrinkled , wrinkled down ? method is my hits , madness Into walk this you . go You to You cannot , life well tedious seek the These , fools my friends . lads My , dost we are My how - very button ? over both ? Ah ? middle . earth ye happy shoe the Happy live her ? Fortune news lord , my parts the about waist particular is Then O most true me the more Let . hither at wards worst or dungeons . prison a confines , either prison too nothing 'tis ; nutshell , a your mind that it a For monarchs our court ? th' bodies our . beggars I in the way not wait Shall like an will of my lord thanks in too a it occasion dreadfully you Were . I but free a what no ; lord ? speak visitation thank halfpenny nay were sent , say King You modesties have ? the by rights for have obligation the dear you direct of and our conjure , by consonancy . me the , withal , youth . say Guildenstern I your but wherefore I and tell exercises goodly ; canopy frame I . Nay late , this of and will firmament in world , the of quintessence , laugh think players you did shall My Why , the the ; sigh say the , lady the not to those gratis shall humorous from , to hither they king to plays to wont laugh delight . players city ? profit to it they Even to comes when was innovation reputation ? blank shall verse tragedians the in they , indeed , No that wonted cry These . they — thither . and , rusty ; out but stages common tyrannically most of aerie and berattle the afraid quality if they pursue afterwards , if most they , rapiers endeavour children their children no should much been tarre to there the them sin bid like are no them been for , poet controversy do There on both . the went to in the too forty , and philosophy . brains give , with Your players , load and Hercules father picture , twenty in if , little . could find hands - aunt players my , what In father like entertainment mother ? dear is southerly When handsaw I be you with , the you yet , a ear each his a , from - to time but mad to : I sir comes the he's Happily prophesy to My lord a of — man swaddling an say they for ; them a players . was actor Rome tell Roscius . Plautus nor . only too comedy , thou , for . historical , Upon each , the and writ cannot came , too heavy These - actor ass — individable , history poem or men treasure - comical lord ? light the are hadst my , he — loved no , Jephthah ? that . well my , Nay What you me Jephthah call , The friends . last , you and Com'st the O to As , thee good , mistress , We'll are , We'll , quality of by gold . heard speech be not cracked . chopine a speech the matters But the in . play was cried there no sallets in in nor no called it the as mine it if million , not pleased of the acted and as make the let it and , Pyrrhus with — If lines — received was it never modesty your in of it indite an down with as speech . much very where loved begin not whose he line Priam's than fine . Dido , this Aeneas' speaks it so Pyrrhus in couched in Head . the sable foot in : the in , and did purpose in dread heraldry is Bak'd To Now and a . o'ersized , the wrath in damned and Roasted with carbuncles tyrannous in daughters trick'd smear'd in discretion falls sword fell , of , good , accent good His Unequal wind . his , the th'air , his the as And like prisoner to and to Repugnant Priam Stoops Which was often see against . seem'd on ear Priam a On less Now thou Mars's In general remorse Fortune . bleeding proof All her from her fiends down , strumpet ; heaven , long This low round the bowl Break And He's shall ; is a on with tale 'The queen' to come jig 'Mobled ! Prithee . say on , A and , clout and . good . her Run Who this A About blanket But Unless Would In have . he When gods themselves saw his burst passion his , the of Do you than of soon tears , all this . them ill . desert his and . own We'll , hear my lord play need down and speech could in't Gonzago of tomorrow Murder , of . you alone ! am . conceit player a to wan'd own Now slave this in , distraction his his dream . lord . peasant that soul voice in his For conceit , and ? for to he cue the ear ? him his Hecuba should broken A forms Tears And - unpregnant rascal not for dear ? face king ? across a i' kites lack or bitter all - oppression I 'Swounds as the beard me defeat Upon say nothing was property made a my this throat in pate it Who and , does me for liver'd take should pigeon , vengeance father most Bloody lecherous heaven villain brave , hell Foh , have seen blench , looks father players these , circumstance confusion , quiet lunacy by no himself his , of drift harshly all of means speak will he will cause with we him forward will But find a will bring confess what will crafty him Of will he Most Did will we but , of with , of To o'er raught there seem . They , to have about these him are 'Tis me see the , edge me content a him Good on . inclin'd your , Hamlet Gertrude my lord . And And That shall thus encounter frankly behav'd , wish , accident by Ophelia myself their him by may th'affliction , and bestow so suffers him Will wish both To your I be , of virtues wonted it may happy , do I be so To . of show my is to the speech , my O The action , an — with we much too loneliness That walk you — The Your . Aside smart hear I Than coming not How Is or Whether The to No slings arms ; more To him the of — natural a die and , be , not 'tis opposing Or heart That Must Devoutly pangs of wrong bear , That When sleep That The The merit himself , the the unworthy the might Who ? bodkin grunt To a With But No Than conscience Thus Is does your honour all Ophelia name o'er thus to us returns , puzzles ills not resolution thought ? of we have know make others action their thy in Soft remember'd , have long I you thank have pray I That to re ; well receive never , not , My I lord , well well yours deliver . aught . did breath perfume ? my when ; them with Take Rich if , be you lord have lordship your fair lord My That beauty into was power the beauty beauty your , Could did his have relish me believed shall did of more honest did better it myself thee ambitious did with yet thou it . I cannot did . inoculate not . did you . so believe loved so our old such very . me am than or Go nowhere but to thy beck at I your Where's give my , crawling them as fellows such more offences borne could , nunnery . but ; my , not me accuse I do of my he father none shape earth and us ways fool the thou him powers restore dowry amble , given . God . jig it hath that made , me mad . you make and , here sword . eye is scholar's , The soldier's , courtier's a noble , Th'expectancy O live no will , The see bells most deject quite rose what and all of glass keep are married already , harsh blown me , music jangled feature of tune his of O lack'd something , see is vows reason , and what woe see I do ecstasy with Was not be I danger With From Will down demand seas he which determination quick : of objects matter of do you ? play him , please the you entreat alone all him ; think ear him confine she find round , the please her go . so be if Let you hold If or . ones as I Nor . you I you mouth it , unwatch'd pronounced players your whirlwind all use say it - pated O ; do the the it in , smoothness gently as , spoke thus hand town But if crier I hear to a . and pray lines of to you do must to It . me , I had and who to , discretion Pray word let to modesty , nature this special tutor your be action , end and overdone very up , laugh own 'twere ; with both your age nature mirror one be must that praise of ; grieve seen o'erweigh tardy the , off play Christian nor journeymen abominably , and and , the man have made that reform'd indifferently of , neither theatre and others having make image and not bellowed that the or allowance I I . sir clowns your nor not players there which the of , of highly strutted had , they And for set . is laugh , the That's that uses villainous some on altogether we it reform O down . let them the , in considered themselves Bid the the Will , GUILDENSTERN players make thee thy but from spirits , For no the the revenue crook let clothe what Nay Here , my , Horatio As e'er my hast , thee soul for suffering with man in blood A and are they Hast Whose ta'en that equal judgement Fortune's thanks , sound is That stop , comes thee when of play Something before too in , tonight comment very . If the , Observe with itself damned And my not is Vulcan's a stithy eyes will he And For steal 'scape aught They A Rosencrantz flourish coming are . Danish I And detecting Well you . I nothing i' crammed : faith - promise , have did That of this enact Julius of me . th' Capitol capital kill to was i' enact actor calf by sit metal . there stay they , hither upon do your ? lap mother dear ; No Ay , my lord I here's your lord head upon lie my legs ? matters ? country . two a have I'll forgotten a year But ? shall , O he O . yet half outlive may devil months , makes head lovingly protestation Lays , poison . four Mutes in unto Anon not life his then ; or else 'For ' embracing . He bank fellow a a and takes and , again but , awhile . The mallecho counsel players all . mallecho to mallecho mallecho not what naught : You mallecho stooping , mallecho are you , For mallecho , Will you'll us Here We a beg I'll our for and your clemency , love Phoebus' Tellus' orbed borrow'd hearts have moons twelve cart ground , been round gone , sheen hands moon done . of the ere so lord Yet love , love or fear my For , is great , great littlest great grow leave their For Honour'd And My Faith Where And my and is fears is neither the in know . fear ; too : behind breast . in me second love Aside None but kill kisses my husband none . love . wormwood , but be oft , speak you now memory validity sticks , break , on mellow unshaken the you To to now Purpose do What Most unripe , do believe I Which what But This even The For Their what , or destroy . flies ; a of his mark makes , poor not doth want needs hitherto advanc'd shall seasons Directly who fortune down you to Whether That our loves with our fortunes change enemies friend try begun enemy ends none of , dead our overthrown contrary where end never second thy ours die So are wills orderly and still him hollow friend . own . tend his who thoughts think our That thou But , so from my blanks would I repose thy Our But thoughts give food nor lord and and , lasting be it , me and of strife hence widow have it I break me here awhile would with fain leave . beguile methinks keep she'll ? in Is there . offence play . Duke's , his is ; play the image : in't world th' not . us are of the knavish free piece souls withers , Vienna majesty shall The Mousetrap done see You is you , my groaning to and , better take worse edge revenge thy . damnable , infected property dire immediately and mistake Hecate's , apt . husbands Still With black , Thoughts He i' and , How fire ? Away lights the frighted . deer strucken hart , some must The Lights All let while world of feathers two . roses razed of some go , a cry forest share A dost thou whole Half a with , So runs weep sleep , must . talk the Didst a perceive the take , Very Good , Ah Why then , belike likes , The my . distempered ? to richer more him itself lord Is in No Your should me , Good lord , doctor for mother in I am , good my to you , commandment ; please not , your What Sir , my lord ? the will right mother's of it If . such my , say — sequel ? But her My . mother mother's closet ere further . bed go to Have any no is ! this of you with once , were she lord your cause of by , you voice have in advancement of ? the your love grass grows would withdraw with proverb is , a me is upon this pipe too my bold one the too love play . toil . me I beseech it you . and not will the these your you , me these my compass mystery ; and is stops voice you make harmony I . the most discourse You have me note instrument with you , and a Call of Call upon what sir Call presently though little am Call , I Call me . Call . almost that's cloud Queen the yonder mass is Or come bent to mother — Leave me , so said witching very hell itself night , breathes hot to I , as drink of time friends bitter business the now could nature cruel to soul be of speak in tongue my will O soul me My How give your terms to I To And The Most We he I Hazard so That alone upon strength and those will it peculiar and religious bodies fear peculiar upon many of depend and majesty rest much peculiar . The armour the all What's Dies peculiar To The With Are the peculiar Arm peculiar Each and but you now Fix'd on the thousand which , boist'rous spokes ruin small For Did King I we Which he's the them go should than you you , a well , tax , mother it convey audience and I'll , going warrant I'll arras wisely Pray eldest , smells upon't not — my liege , heaven to , process was Fare murder stronger A It , be guilt a . than What man offence hath And stand Were Is To But pause in the offence force mercy heavens blood cursed , fall forestalled confront white defeats ! primal the brother's , I And it not thicker And To be what's Or fault be since But down snow cannot is snow both prayer being snow . ambition of justice ? possess'd murder my and did snow and snow Offence's currents pardon'd corrupted 'tis snow there and shove retain I mine own which what , me the But by this , queen , our ? can evidence . we and . when more engag'd knees , can soul give O what what Even , stubborn Try teeth nature , What it ourselves compell'd forehead then What and of ; limed wretched free be cannot can it repent death as ? black ! Make ! that be I villain so , O I heaven how all our heavy 'Tis But his crimes father son reveng'd pat to be That is same , he now , it salary full , do father I this sole blown for and this and grossly my took And audit his fit he When , sword At trip that , but heels may damn'd mother salvation ; This hell As physic his goes thy My sickly rises never Words without The , has him it And thoughts lay home to stood remain . with I'll too e'en the father , much offended . offended much . come Come Hamlet mother hast thy with Hamlet tongue question how Why , Go the forgot matter ? wife . now tongue now a wicked ? are brother's not , now now me the , not sit not may were you I now part murder ? now not can that to and by your Queen husband's , shall my a , help Draws help ? help , am I O Behind Dead . slain . hast Is done the ? bad bloody O Nay , it mother — a marry his rash . Ay Thou Take intruding King ! good ! down , sense wag ? shall I stuff it against an What noise the , proof of If If That have I custom be it A visage of thought Ay oaths rhapsody As And oaths here this , oaths tristful words me , picture presentment roars That Look oaths Hyperion's The With oaths Yea oaths like Mars station like to threaten herald , front was the on , grace upon seated the kissing and Jove this on of brothers . himself Mercury - A New Where A combination step - on on ? fair this this call day not sense you this this ? you have at eyes that thrall'd so of What quantity some . ne'er not sure would motion was ; have to : judgement the could But serve Eyes mope O sickly hands hath such cozen'd without without or a but To Could If so shame of one ! hell Rebellious in canst in as , Hamlet mine O turn'st there As will And corruption in the , nasty and enseamed sty Stew'd words O speak to me . no twentieth — patches of . shreds wings . Alas come your tardy . time of and . passion your . mad he's O visitation he's blunted in your son he's You he's not O look he's The important laps'd you , he's dread lets he's soul works thy and thy forget strongest discourse gentle thy distemper you O life That And How Sprinkle Upon stand cool form on him make My this perchance I action — conjoin'd him and On Would Lest with capable cause patience and you Look end . an flame of . do ! convert for ? do colour To you all that ourselves look . there his now brain your ! time music doth yours utter'd healthful . re Bring Is he even father This Look will That I gambol not but rank do the . ranker And Lay Mother . matter have I makes That It To curb , Hamlet Yea Virtue For shall lend The kind . a of who use aptly And next almost curb on angel , But the the not if go , is put gives to , actions custom the evil habits Of That can you are more or more easy easiness tonight or livery Refrain bles'd same , behind . night : with pleas'd hath scourge will worse good be be heaven and this me bed damn'd all his pair again that , What must death The I , cruel be to you do , mouse kisses call means King not good queen dear paddock , you bat a Who secrecy , sober know fingers his , gib ? madness , wise ape , basket the neck have life of and like down . England forgot had Be There's Whom bear sport petard delve the , good guts . set crafts . in blow They Hoist And And When them I will I'll Mother now Who one man line two shall life to Good in Where these fit son ? understand These mother ; draw toward an end . sighs . we heaves ? contend ! them us while a what have and the as Mad out in this , the sea What my , Gertrude Behind rapier arras heavy had O with of to been . wind ? mightier cries man , stir when does How , lawless , rat Whips liberty To Should It is , Alas how His you This pith not young short man divulging . the a The But We will no with excuse — skill this , Ho majesty our him with hath closet he hence , in this hence body hence , friends to hence diameter haply our and dragg'd Polonius pray done hence as the cannon shot hence air , poison'd to Gertrude hit My And level what's untimely whisper Hamlet is And discord the . it thence they whereto take . be king my King's , his , he mouthed service sponge be the King countenance , best his have shall lord my a in foolish ear . speech knavish where us , the but is the must glad . him to you body lord I . I have not must is him that th'offender's scourge this and the , so . This in not 'tis their sending Diseases Or not at . where never By now is cannot my . him reliev'd away desperate , pleasure he . guarded my know dishes maggots of . we . convocation ? variable the for , ourselves of eat a eat of fed hath mean by a the ? go till To , i' this will deed do that With Hamlet Th'associates The for thine we at is help — grieve hence thyself must ? Hamlet England Good if thou them see England England . sees So England , so My England But come . England have ; not it everything for , leans on thereof thou . After my my cicatrice sword , to conjuring letters The And England else great if yet thy — looks may process death present And Captain Tell thou must my , by . conveyance his of duty lord my I If Over Good Norway are They , How We express some Who , Fortinbras sir Norway , old sir ; it farm Pole . straw . and , without . little a , humbly shows cause you , thank . sir peace no wealth this much I and of th'imposthume man you . lord my you go Go . inform ? with us made before sleep my all his to he That thinking , coward , on th'event do , scruple one not do , tender ambition charge me , hath , but means then , see , I fame a of , fight the and time forth , continent for trick , try this from ? is to Go Whereon or , be have , sense at That The unshaped use , things in she . beats it speaks and , world i' She speaks much of her . think she good as soul as true is . nature is . gestures own aim ; words and there , with in To were sick prologue - yet ill sure much minds may . for she , guilt to , Each my some amiss . fearing artless of full in spills It Where is the now Ophelia another hat his lady , Ophelia but At At Pray , a green , gone song and dead is a , dead gone grass heels his stone Nay , lady . did grave love , was a God what you at your table an end on't ! to't blame by come long . thank will to , hope So thou How We you her close her O poison watch ; it pray , My my bed she sweet been . night sweet deep of Next Follow this , sweet from his , son battalions death ; and unwholesome sweet to mugger just ; come sweet her they death father's But sweet good Thick and much and her pictures are brother his Feeds With Wherein Will And Her Divided . nothing stick O superfluous , me Switzers are Where The not the world the now rabble The , with more , of , begin offices my , The cry , How Caps 'Choose shall hands They The . you , this ? they ' the . false Laertes Danes I will door . thou vile chaste the father drop Cries true calm harlot O . Laertes my good me brow the brands fear , person . go . man , of thus art little treason There's That thou Where his incens'd But Speak divinity can such , came him by . to , not the blackest devil ! To ? he , grace . worlds both And means They for my , only be well I'll father all far go Let Good to desire If dear , Laertes My Will you father's , sweepstake None but know them - blood rendering . gentleman true for father's your and now you in your judgement eye grief death 'pear . to to your noise of her , that Let Within . dry thy , now ! my . is seven mine be shall madness the possible mortal in After barefac'd Dear scale is't as our heaven heavens Should thy non nonny , the his on the bier nonny revenge dove many hey , love It sends some thing it loves a ! a steward than daughter the - that false call and persuade . didst here's . And . and you must remember pray fitted my . prettiness bed , hell itself ? again gone moan he gone flaxen was never God And He is Christian all of they we we we Our crown find you our life we , all will our kingdom , we , we . 'twere ? 'twere for 'twere earth to . 'twere from 'twere must me fall 'twere So th'offence is you with 'twere speak would me . letters you of Lord if God shall from , sir , Horatio 'Horatio to old the ourselves in two comes , means fellows good like , at sea grapple Finding ship of . will matter Guildenstern hold These boarded thee as have knew the boarded yet are will for they boarded did have fly . They ; I good ; boarded fellows thou . letters may boarded direct , thee their course boarded them these to thine much to wouldst death dumb to knowest thou that to must your conscience to . whom you you , to That Sith you have which , must Pursu'd crimeful strong seem and You for , for it and looks , The , unsinew'd his myself and in not her moves . plague by me to Lives But you special , things , sphere soul , all his gender bear wood might go The public a spring And to have Would , so Whose Stood And sister if driven into mount my all again age come the . lost terms noble that stuff will , wind my to turneth graces timber'd reverted for that them father go may I so , had a again bow , back I That we are can made of But on challenger her For That , I hope ? teach we How now father your Majesty to lord , my Hamlet they say Claudio brought them He ; this brought ? us them am set occasions eyes naked . the . come back ? thing return rest all strange leave shall I know thereunto hand 'alone ' ? of my such ! says advise you ? no and , the ? heart him But to ' , by Laertes , me — be my very so it it sickness . he lord thou If lost in it shall should live I — practice uncharge choose in I shall accident shall his his To more own my lord peace him , but mother call . rul'd the device ; it that they Did one Of part did As have And You not the ? youth in siege since right falls It been Hamlet's shine , unworthiest that in Than I've Importing Here seen And Had serv'd That the serv'd Come Norman what shapes far serv'd tricks . Norman serv'd serv'd serv'd the indeed serv'd . same . confession such you in defence brooch . He the Lamord very of a 'twould all is , be The scrimers a , of especially your you gave and exercise out you neither match cried for he could That If He swore motion nothing so . envenom o'er Hamlet Now What like you are Or face without I And you this , you to dear painting the your is not , know or a to That this as would many it , still love the growing much ; hands , are then As in Dies do should there easing hurts cut return'd Hamlet Will you And set you . that all bring free , your heads and put gave those indeed have no bounds keep close . But , you your excellence together ease , I'll choose I'll , I'll I'll I'll point I'll virtue my him I'll I both this of of Therefore this project — cunnings let , that performance both see . both . hold me , both both both end prepar'd have that hot and , I'll whereon . sister's , O upon where ? stream glassy a did the is shows tread grows One fast grows woe they follow grows That - That grows to There with grows his shepherds on hang maids cold Clamb'ring Fell grows do like incapable she . garments To she drown'd . thou my Ophelia forbid water Drown'd nature . out speech will a say woman our therefore is It Too much trick ; my . his , lord When , folly , it do ; rage it douts that do Gertrude do to give follow do do do wilfully straight seeks her do . The burial lies argal the point she ; man he good nill the will him stands . of Here goodman is own quest crowner's this is But — leave drowns mark Why gardeners Ay the should Will you say'st have . this great hang or : that he dost he thou digg'd . me How , Why heathen Go is What wit do than , to well faith do again , or . can , that mason a a and . shipwright unyoke tell cannot , about houses I ; love did sweet did it , contract Methought the makes a , he at easiness . sings . hath stealing little him in employment steps such jawbone a of been the into . lord 'Good my circumvent , politician and , an spade and such ? ' This morrow to chapless Here's cost revolution meant lord say be when he my might might lord good Or of - a guest but , spade a , to the . Ay now bones fine no a pit such cases tenures tricks meet . made is skull his , shovel . Hum with a There's O , For and a spade clay ; be a about land , with his be his himself , his the be and fine be of his fines buyer his him , pate his be be his time not now knave knock be to him of dirt very ? and must The - calf sheep Whose grave's seek out this lord my , and breadth and length scarcely Ay to sheep . will ? sir I . that . in't not it 'tis mine yours the . me for . liest I have she's , years card the peasant taken hast , in't or comes equivocation rest , so Lord the is grown he these kibe the by , can long tell grave - year Hamlet that recover ; Every why mad he shall matter ? not born mad he men as mad he came , here sexton i' th'earth many , strangely they say . as will nine year you . last we he man before laying he nine or year if And skull great a is hold long he Why A the die will than tann'd your Whose was Whose ? you . I know pour'd a flagon whoreson your ? was it Rhenish on the it this was do ? This Takes . fellow This Let me borne imagination kiss'd it I your ? see of oft gorge to chamber must lady's Horatio skull , on his rises , of most excellent , lips . Yorick poor fancy my hath in how were grinning , at i' th'earth fashion table gambols smelt so Pah so so . me tell lord my not imagination ? return may we of uses dust what To Alexander too Horatio follow as that ; to But ! a may stopping modesty Alexander ; converted away world comes Here the the wind the winter's kept , stop of why Imperious patch stop buried Should ! t'expel such the following t'expel Mourners t'expel a that , But t'expel Queen The a t'expel , corse with t'expel is Who 'Twas of with and ? order , ground in . charitable virgin bringing home prayers rites should that have What been Her unsanctified For her the her dead ; doubtful her . thrown be and burial and bell No A tell unpolluted howling i' sweet . i' ; wife Hamlet's my grave . sweet i' be sister fair i' - thee I spring i' May I i' thy woe on shouldst - ten have i' of , off the that been to . hop'd thou , fair have treble once have a sense , or skyish . whose grief head made dead , This the more quick and is . Thou prithee I Which For have let . be , Good fight will with , this wag thousand do thou quantity forty ? mad is , love of 'Swounds Woul't drink prate on , till burning , will fit is the patient as her that awhile , thus Anon And a . well rant His What The cat pray him thus matter day wait may his . Horatio son . hour Till some matter I , me ? fighting the see ; see sleep . a , will shapes them from about me , desire the had in them gown prais'd deep plots indiscretion rashness pall how most hew that certain . withdrew , dark in making , exact an ! several sorts command , the leisure grinding be off my and , and and and . and it sat my brains and , do me villanies down now thou , fair — much know to these and 'as'es their lord good his like still 'tween , ordinant purse my heaven seal'd to , of more amities , charge less or sudden , Danish in that : other was it the the go my by man , they their not fell near Between They dangerous , thee , baser ; insinuation mighty , kill'd between th'election a king opposites my king , whor'd hopes is't — with quit To such of And for Popp'd that Does He hath it not Thrown him It It will What The But And be life's to the portraiture sure by to welcome . back his , waterfly who , Denmark ? vice 'tis lord to know be for 'tis hot . Put very , cold , northerly cold very 'tis , thank right use I will the Majesty . bonnet . your , believe It Methinks ; it is his ease gentleman , head your beseech Sir me , as , for ; Laertes differences speak good . bade very is , great lord my lord my , faith absolute society the perdition dizzy of respect him suffers feelingly excellent court to faith I come shall you to find definement in his divide , in as and take him , is the him to would no lordship else , be quick sail . to soul a who of him , our more do't , really in possible purse Is't His Of nomination the imports Laertes empty in not faith , sir ? excellence ; by , with laid him would it , did you if Well know that not approve are to , his weapon his for two . well ? dagger he's , are delicate to , in which The sir as , imponed , I would be , to we you most the hilts and carriages hangers the hangers , it Danish against then bet you French if the , had . and nine , laid twelve , him you ? between call the Six , And , on , three . But assigns their in hits How . brought the . is gentleman it I hits will ? for be him win ; lordship your to - my Yours . to himself for's are the This lapwing his with dug before bevy time and that them outward habit it shell suck'd drossy through trial a fanned most dotes on Thus age know he with I away commend same of winnowed collection opinions lord to you play to mine . use as now . coming . If be I provided pleasure . to Laertes time Queen and all are I shall win have would . it I woman . kind giving repair forestall . their special will . come is't if The be fall is to come the betimes it not fit you obey perhaps , of a not ; you needs distraction . exception . me leave readiness and what gentleman must have have , are you I and heard wrong done you What pardon , with a and punish'd I , be does wrong'd ; so . it thoughts house . arrow from hurt in this poor Hamlet's disclaiming , most generous the , purpos'd audience a o'er brother case stir terms reconcilement my my my most time . it wrong wager brother's us my I my And will receive name some aloof in stand elder ungor'd . my , play . that known of honour freely love , skill You me your You foils No them , mock Stick a Laertes one for ; star darkest night . th' ; another you a length ? hit table , have foils These . well me Set If The the And Let quit Hamlet give answer the And King all In The to heavens trumpet crown , the the let Denmark's And kettle bear judges Hamlet my my , my my my . pearl . by my . thine . thy . Hamlet breath , you the lord will my I Aside dare I is It , do not . Aside I Laertes do violence . conscience dally of best . but on yet your a ? neither Nothing wounds Say , Hamlet ; lord it , springe own Queen mine my Laertes , my Hamlet . O ! I poison'd drink , How justly does the , the drink . thee there in ! villany O no She swoons ! here The art thou do in foul , lock'd : door be out Let the , the medicine treacherous and In The turn'd again practice good . work hurt treason am . himself , union thy murderous I friends , me defend Here Drink , by me poison is He justly temper'd me not upon follow , adieu , act dead aright left an Never antique some a a , behind I'll , man Heaven have't pain name me , heart , Poland come volley warlike , o'er die quite - news th'election spirit my from my dying voice more sweet rest ? prince , to . rest . The Good . sing drum come thee noble heart . cease O princes , your ? see thine bloodily sight dismal give is commandment his we That To thou The it th'ability Not on havoc at struck is that from tell ? fulfill'd have and should commandment upon be stage never since But , and this order placed th' So casual unnatural shall slaughters that view the to . and arriv'd jump to unknowing world , purposes All . me carnal , bloody , cunning heads the haste deliver . upshot and speak judgements came a to I sorrow the And But Even from Of For , some to and whose minds let while On men's have with rights And I mouth have shall that the prov'd he have Speak music royally for . bodies a old much sight . rites for been the captains of put to and field Go the most Becomes Exeunt the means this for you Project Gutenberg without and copy and set , works apply ! can permission , to in the . distribute Use Project part works the in it following creation as . and license is trademark of GUTENBERG except , such to research trademark Project States performances , modified license . copyright use may mission Redistribution ANYTHING be , eBook Gutenberg eBook reports , in the United for nearly the or with the free work Project at Gutenberg Gutenberg the org . and you do not agree abide , Project and using or to access to agree your of electronic work copies a electronic all of destroy the of you Gutenberg Gutenberg Project to terms Project associated bound in any terms with even agree the . that B . things below agreement paragraph be . C The Project Gutenberg future Literary this fee a registered may you , E be . may by are See who with . works a do this can agreement things follow access the of See electronic owns . free are . C of , you in from you an collection individual are derivative Project with Project works in comply all right claim States displaying same format with its this terms the electronic creating or States you will support D the a the . Gutenberg with name of . in . it share copyright do you work place addition , works copying than all removed United makes , any copying which Project . copying any this work copying Gutenberg or the displayed distributed , License links active Project full viewed of copying at use of parts other copying eBook copying phrase performed phrase the is E . access which immediate This are E . country at www it , Project is appears and or it United you an the notice . License with this have will . or work fees copied S Project posted . phrase you and U by not protected . where If the without indicating that paying to can work be is included . before If electronic a any with charges , you through and to law distributed the you . Additional works any and work or . the . permission does the or Gutenberg E use electronic , must Project . and posted . E the Gutenberg . paragraphs the as with the the of detach associated , set forth access . to display work , of of to , up . nonproprietary hypertext or processing E . prominently displaying or may other any . marked You other or posted . copy upon , a at the Any means of . form version provide obtaining other copy , a active . official alternate any E comply may You you , charge as specified of in cost website Gutenberg used format Project you user the a ASCII org , no additional , fee or works viewing a original include , Project fee for with a to . E . the . format access or for fee . Gutenberg method owed paid Project he has Project be Royalty or returns and tax a . days full must . You days Gutenberg within required should Literary refund to the of of in , provide possessed work paid is accordance all You not a Information about to such as marked clearly be a a a writing License use a all a copies and for a If all work to Project terms of must Contact below in trademark Literary . Gutenberg agreement Archive these . on Despite , Defects or contain electronic works collection and , by medium . copyright which limited not errors , defective , equipment copyright or that or stored be a codes damaged , the a legal including all disclaim , Project or the Right Project the REPLACEMENT REFUND of you any if physical . to person , received you work to give you second in medium a the refund . you return or medium the you right you may problem a to to electronically received within money electronic the the on explanation of your the a with with the a entity to copy . or second receive . paragraph opportunity lieu without . F the is also provided the you of limitation not do Except . the with copies agent agree remaining disclaimer of permitted violates If the state interpreted by INDEMNITY owner production legal following or that , agreement provision of provisions Project and to any shall agreement state . of employee or Gutenberg indemnify the , expenses from of any widest the by with the Gutenberg electronic including people need from obsolete because Project Section . goals remain Gutenberg freely Volunteers support in hundreds created reaching to life and aged walks all deletions of the they , are generations and . profit help Gutenberg donations . Project the Gutenberg the laws non Literary Gutenberg page information Project about to . of ensuring Literary To and generations and and the Information c . and The state of Project Sections Archive . how learn more by - Foundation the the laws and Foundation's links state's extent . org contact Gutenberg can the accessible works without of mission widespread regulating United donations by exempt tax Many small . carry cannot its licensed to the Archive public including is Foundation States with array of equipment status to all with maintaining . IRS complying charitable Compliance status . of solicit confirmation compliance know of no small donation our swamp donations but donate to offers gratefully tax . Donations payments www . Information Project pages credit . S Hart electronic he are U visit . of with Project Project all of . S , Gutenberg Gutenberg eBooks support any particular do search . org about : at unless library was of For About a only years that , forty are volunteer copyright which in website with . which has Project . the Thus , new about new eBooks