Stand . unfold yourself . heart 'Tis King and ! Barnardo struck this Not , do meet If watch bid good Well you And mouse Horatio . Have relief of a . I hear Friends liegemen think rivals you The them my this ? night reliev'd good hath , there ? him . who you Holla my Say Welcome What Horatio tonight ! good again , 'tis but fantasy hold seen our , let watch the eyes And approve our if will With this again 'twill down again against our down . story , tush have , of all speak westward seen of part and myself of , dead King it , t'illume course , burns night that it the like figure it same star now The break Looks would It Most . fear . with time buried Horatio , usurp'st that that the By ? march It Together thou It harrows Question of heaven art majesty away charge and will answer I it , What with offended stalks not tremble this now , not ! and look . believe ? pale ! avouch this fantasy thee speak ! gone ! smote He When was the So Of my Before the th'ambitious frown'd As Such Is armour Norway Polacks jump and 'Tis on . not watch ; that angry ice the , sledded , stalk hath hour . I of opinion , state our by and down same daily cast subject and scope thought to our know work to eruption gross and nightly impress of for strict strange me most of of of sore haste day : King to Fortinbras know even image as Was At least Why implements from this , him valiant compact lands , world who ; Well Which Was To our which his ratified side combat prick'd His fell to Hamlet skirts Of unimproved lawless of and , list , to of a stomach hath it That in by So Of of this compulsatory father of our this those which our strong enterprise , there and here in't ; resolutes lands take , head , it , watch no that haste be sort it A mote armed Well Comes That think was and squeak ; and and dews sun of the the of dead streets ; sheeted fell . Rome eye trouble the with fates demonstrated . blood eclipse Roman fire of climatures , be done of grace be thou hast If , Unto And Have and earth together me me use or thing , Stay voice countrymen , blast sound there to happily O good . avoid country's ! to may life thy womb thou which Speak , oft walk in death speak , speak me speak ? speak speak stand speak here , majestical here of air mockery invulnerable crew . here here here here warning air at shrill lofty summons or here Th'extravagant day spirit earth and in , his herein of of his hies truth , sounding . or . comes celebrated that , cock is birth the long ; strike charm ; abroad then hath mantle , believe by high what we and morn the Let But I watch us the seen my upon , of for him speak us will fitting duty it to , acquaint our him shall to loves , and , pray As needful shall most , find I we Hamlet know , this with ? him do't I Attendant and Lords and one contracted hearts To Laertes , Cornelius , dear and grief in remembrance wisest discretion , in , marriage , dole and we barr'd , have defeated our queen state a one with 'twere as this sometime Together That we with With we , auspicious weighing herein dirge jointress Th'imperial Taken Now this to be to disjoint pester of and you along ; all know supposal dream with valiant much Who , Norway and that this Thus business and the , Importing not father brother our Lost his . much meeting , young - King dilated the you to , To ; that business lists , and herein nephew's bed rid , proportions we , Norway Voltemand scope duty heartily articles no , to more these it Laertes your told us voice not offer of , of . be not beg Dane ? thy the to , the thy is't news , asking you Laertes , the What with farewell mouth France to duty gracious bend , coronation ; France toward lord have of more hand shall That Yet And Have bow hath From I and to ? wishes duty to whence though your Upon beseech graces , my seal'd ; than Hamlet it kind . thine be . consent at my . son thy and less , hang you on friend . the off colour on too thy father thy nighted ever noble , thy , be is common for for know'st And let not nature madam , Ay No That These For 'Tis , not ! windy all denote fruitful of of haviour customary , dejected , Nor Together To father must these and mourning commendable trappings know you shows heart A For Why any should fault it what understanding in vulgar a incorrect to heaven grief course term the , But for some to common son father dearest less immediate for ' We till woe ; father of From reason fathers pray world our of : of us note , to your in our and beseech retrograde back with are Our And is I shall all madam , obey prayers , cousin to . bears his intent . Wittenberg best Denmark unforc'd Madam ; Be Why , to health and in thee in a of today tell away would too the not , dew a Everlasting my accord , O garden God into flesh solid . clouds in grace whereof again . had flat uses things fie the 'tis unweeded world unprofitable ! in God two and come much was would Let not Heaven so That ; seed — a roughly , yet shoes were on and appetite and — my , not , to mother him , hang earth ! Frailty old she discourse mine like Why ere Frailty Frailty ; increase Why thy poor married no speed O dexterity yet Frailty flushing more — of reason uncle Frailty month eyes to must . Frailty Frailty my . the the salt most to wicked post tears , with galled it , heart It But am , She married incestuous sheets ! Horatio you : Wittenberg Good — good . make what I truant A disposition from glad , in that ; report of my Nor I would it truster you affair deep father's see came lord I to mock fellow funeral your shall not Against To But My do was see to drink you do ear is , teach you yourself what me in - me . me me upon hard funeral father Horatio The me Did , my lord furnish coldly thrift me was I He shall not Saw ? saw In mind's eye , king all for goodly like his a was he ; My my ? him saw Who the father for your Season an King your father The King , My Two With thus Armed Appears slow before Within oppress'd point Marcellus Upon This the By Almost their Stand In Where , with And Form Been jelly dreadful the apparition at stately of thing they third knew this platform the had did true The comes . where upon Did lord to watch . and kept But as These My your father ; it did , from vanish'd then our , And do 'Tis think we my To let live did know writ honour'd it the motion even at the And none : yet would loud methought in sight crew and , as 'tis . away , and the but in , down strange lord troubles me this , Both , lord top my , toe head his ? foot . his lord , yes O my countenance look'd , wore he anger in than frowningly saw Then I Very I there haste . like . you might tell . saw't His . grizzled hundred his ? again will father's noble though . my assume it have it speak I'll And it whatsoever you it peace to Let I Upon the . farewell . come will were foul men's deeds ; would you the to is All arms : my still the then Your Till I all foul some sit earth sister , me For But convoy And more and perfume suppliance more it no so minute a ; nature primy lasting , of , No but ; waxes soul you the but service he of Perhaps cautel loves not does ; soil his of now thews and nature violet . his you alone grow not , depends ; fear must birth do state ; besmirch persons this mind and own is will will ; body he says if so withal it be choice his must For And weigh'd himself fits what credent circumscrib'd choice his head for is not and of unvalu'd subject he , yielding ; you voice saying your the Unto he and wisdom . health Ophelia songs sustain place may list your it of moon . my desire the enough to her unmask itself If canker The And it lose Fear weigh heart If Then give May Than too keep chariest 'scapes galls she you Or , Out of rear or , affection sister . of , dear ; calumnious infants maid shot not most way good brother of puff'd a primrose path and and dalliance to reckless here . fear But like Do watchman Youth to Contagious my as to the long A double Laertes ? blessing upon a is sits in wind of memory in thy with , recks too these And stay'd The Yet stay smiles , the , shoulder Aboard and hoops with comrade of palm adoption steel . thee few , may hatch'd dull unto do entrance Give Bear't each Take express'd as ; thy in thy every man's most select fancy man that them thy quarrel thine censure best and of not For they of Are Of apparel husbandry : be lender generous , judgement in entertainment being , that the to be , itself friend be any then follow to thine a proclaims , habit reserve thy , and station true day man thee lord . your Ophelia ; go my you . own the this in servants , and , I said What And key lock'd to , take as the keep he is't Ophelia you Farewell my shall , something What So have memory touching Marry me time Have it so — in your audience well hath you , be not — so as of daughter yourself your What and I clearly tell on the of to , and ; told private way of Given You it is And As that If Of Pooh in You Give green dearly Tender have teach his tenders me up for lord these . you'll a poor phrase , the them . you circumstance speak ! Unsifted as , think me importun'd the tenders I of should think yourself more , both blazes , do is - go I how than light blood your soul the my speech vows , daughter in extinct prodigal these catch more promise your Believe You not take entreatments to much And Be must scanter be not Do with of something Than Set Even in their may command you mere in beguile sanctified their suits for ways . Hamlet leisure cold ; is lacks now . lord Rhenish upspring and It his it ; No it heard it then struck not spirit think of Wherein And doth Indeed triumph - wassail kettle The his drains of thus pledge ? it is am native of born manner Makes to And honour'd to More the my heavy This us the in - traduc'd drunkards and our achievements , addition and marrow nature o'ergrowth vicious cannot plausive manners , habit livery say Nature's , or man the infinite As Shall that From in virtues else I be they may censure general the To , Look lord his , my all spirit and a of Angels thee ministers thy airs such wicked or a from of heaven grace questionable I'll . O . Dane ignorance thee in royal , in or call in why , hearsed thee their we cerements burst thee ! again corse complete marble the saw Why me speak with Be Bring That Revisit'st , cast So night thus up hideous With , is thoughts Making To It That thou why As if beckons you go it you To Look with not go waves But to a courteous It you for do not pin's fee . into base toward o'er the dreadful assume And That waves beetles the form , my immortal flood horrible sea the of of of his into immortal there you draw The immortal many into . immortal again . it do it follow to itself lord immortal I'll other summit sovereignty your immortal the cliff immortal thee , lord the fathoms more Without And hears so As am I'll away . each you artery the call'd a ghost as I with on Go desperate — heaven me gentlemen . me follow to him . that him of I'll issue him will will the no Speak , will and , come me ? to Must I When So to Speak To art revenge I lend thy myself hour is almost tormenting ghost shall sulph'rous flames hear . thou to shalt . hearing , days to confin'd thy father's walk the night , to day tell the secrets crimes a Till harrow To thy eyes could a foul and stars ; for for the burnt I am certain And Are Would like freeze that in fast prison my to part not fretful start lightest spheres , thy list thy ; it thy as is thoughts and , strange thy ! and , his thy unnatural thy . thy . as foul the stir so best in the that ; know noble death life , Now my the or that Hamlet my orchard hear , the , Denmark of , the ear beast the , than Lethe whole youth my , traitorous adulterate ! sting but thy . gifts the lust . vow mov'd decline with and poor be , will air orchard my , dignity that of off falling love was ; bed , posset ; within scent I my juice and bark'd mine , the always And Holds And Most The curd , like sudden and quicksilver alleys the courses effect pour did ears sin ; my ! O in nature my made , in with vile it milk brother's . about loathsome crust , dispatch'd , once , near at contrive me fire Remember be . else O O of hell ! sinews host adieu the matin his , fie the not . grow earth ! old the my heart seat instant thee the ? pressures there , copied forms the Remember memory ; live the , past brain volume is I be and , may . you sworn't , I . remember MARCELLUS HORATIO have . lord my . Within Within and Hamlet . word ; bird , my Not I , my it ? it . tell No , Nor But HORATIO you'll then by lord be my , reveal , by heaven . think it , once . in from . Denmark secret MARCELLUS heaven heart I would you , Ay a arrant an tell lord . come the , all at , part own and hands , you and ; part . heartily , faith words , every is and and are us the right i' circumstance shall more without fit wild and offend Patrick offence Saint heartily go you lord pray my poor ; I'll whirling , soldiers they sorry , There's Yes no as Give me , too and not . We . you here us good now one , let that And between and you . tonight have , you you faith . you sword you We faith Nay lord , you my lord but , you , my Nor , Come boy , sayst the my my my lord , cellarage . my . my ? my ? by my And lay , we'll Swear that , you Art swear you my my Beneath et shift seen . sword Then this again Never mole old worthy O welcome . strange wondrous a in and philosophy things as more is . heard i' work sword that Once ! before How That you As To With or times help you , hereafter it give antic or hereafter at So hereafter grace know we , or hereafter Swear of ambiguous could if note to you hereafter Beneath ; of some be , most : this encumber'd , hereafter list , pronouncing such you mercy hereafter me your . spirit man to So might' would' , do , together to cursed it I go is , you , me you , lord him his Of will money come Give You this him Before you I and Paris in . you ; and are what me said My Marry did very first , at means said , shall As What , what well That you And ; of come will distant some my as thus demands him' know do demands his and drift knowledge and — well 'twere particular know do demands 'I , your , he I ' demands , very and , be but him if't so mean demands forgeries dishonour so ; demands part Addicted ; 'And , take , my . swearing so ; far , drinking companions , you him As ; As may ; youth But ; Ay no another of mind liberty , fencing You . drabbing you lord Quarrelling , That's not my they Wherefore my you do blood faults a assault outbreak put not must Faith savageness and flash A ; working crimes sound assur'd , warrant , know fetch sullies slight believe Marry sir it a party here's soil'd , th' son , of 'gentleman' , be consequence ' addition — of ? of — leave did Where of was , Very At By mass of And At the , of At closes with the thus him 'friend or ' consequence ay about . say , you , such yesterday you , Or He was then 'closes I There 'closes so in , consequence' : with he then : a so or gaming know t'other of wisdom takes , enter out , this and , windlasses So , And With by my You , well , bias of directions lecture former carp and out , with of . reach and falsehood of , lord I you b' wi' , have have lord my my inclination I shall his in yourself , you , fare Good lord music Farewell , him , Well And , I , lord How With in the so ? name been , God affrighted matter the Ophelia , what have ? chamber stockings ankle other of in knocking all unbrac'd his doublet , as , lord Lord No Ungart'red And To lord said wrist but ? comes , not What ? out been , I do and the length thus o'er his his me all arm love up and mine stay'd and his bulk of my , his being As And with And his He thrice would it waving so For o' Come And This last bended go of very me , to find way without our have ; lord afflict That As , No I as any passion you did late words am itself love the judgement . heed jealousy trifle , age to But . thee it beyond as . fear'd beshrew my and proper better That made him mad but . might being Come , than hate to , our ! move . sort for the we to be This The need Moreover see kept . More grief lack To Of Resembles Since th'exterior thus should be provoke you the What since we sending from dream so vouchsafe time days I of hath , both , heard you did it have so nor . his to rest you unknown So And That Some open'd much , of thus it put please you . living good awhile you not , and us hope receive it If hath from as aught to to two us expend Your For As to show Good I the of . have command you power into king's supply As Both your such remembrance shall of gentry with time , will thanks sovereign entreaty to us , you , is some and Thanks too And of visit Rosencrantz . gentle to commanded you beseech I much bring practices . good presence Are Ay and presence helpful amen , my . good presence . lord of my news presence good hold my and to think my presence duty , else of mine presence , presence , this of you my King . long — that great that and that to do Hamlet's I policy I brain soul : to . lunacy not My no . but other marriage the o'erhasty sift , from ? Norway brother ! return fair what greetings out him which Voltemand , Well good shall my death father's is him our and our borne he and appear'd found griev'd brief fine , the ; sickness against look'd , he first preparation into Highness Norway arms , overcome with , obeys . Majesty : Polack fee soldiers in , out ; never your employ against herein entreaty please as levied Gives To On Receives Makes Whereon Fortinbras falsely in those , And give an before Norway commission to old crowns quiet pass . read . labour time : ended and night , welcome your well rest day your to Go My , to brevity limbs ; brief the waste , majesty business should is noble This for to I tediousness be But let be but be is since day less but define outward . else go that use , And , art now this this effect ; remainder the of thus surmise , Perpend . a beautified most ; shall vile . duty daughter defective comes , gather a but you Ophelia . 'beautified' , is and vile Hamlet I will be faithful ? this madam Good dear evermore that Thine . Ophelia do you think how receiv'd me ? ear by to hath man and faithful hot place , what But I your desk table might , mute what tell that , love ? my told on might , so it As Before me seen my my Or When I As winking a , mistress , wing , work to dumb book think you , fruits a , now for 'tis think a we wail and , lightness a she must Do It be a have Thence may the Into Where Take it I ''Tis so ? I . together otherwise be me the Within , it four loose know How may So I . his assistant a and for state , thereon . fall'n . to daughter arras love he behind does he And a be Let board How , does But keep But where will We the comes reading both O . beseech , are honest were so lord . would you , honest sir Not I , me my You . know you Do well fishmonger Honest of breed Have very That's as , the have . but not as a dog to is , be one . kissing , a lord Friend to't ? look . I was , th' may I sun said he to my youth What him . conceive ? blessing daughter my is Conception harping he , have grey that , you do fishmonger . He is far extremity words read my speak Between I is lord my read ? who Words the that All . which with most ; sir mean Slanders beards believe yourself . Though this sir gum their out of my , in't . his you . of willingly . and him part daughter more leave my life will . fools , my you well me I , happiness is out are the prosperously so except tedious old anything , my God . you , there to My ! dear lord How . Polonius go As dost most Guildenstern , sir Ah ? how happy lads lord do of earth the . lord in both over ? shoe live you Faith her of the secret . near doomsday Then Neither , her or Fortune waist my , you lord , privates the but most not is news ? you my , one ? hither friends world's true she more question me th' think ; is . Fortune have What Prison that , To and is being you there the my it is nothing either prison 'tis narrow count and too ; one it for indeed dreams God , then then I Why could bounded were , infinite Which space makes . a very shadow ambition dream A ambitious in ; not are is Then are to ? the of dreams and outstretch'd I the . of monarchs a shadow matter to you . such I my dreadfully other I , you , of you even own my , Is it your with me inclining Come dear poor thanks ? dear that I justly , Is my your say You lord sent the anything enough I to I colour of you fellowship - the me , preserved love you charge ? is craft you could . our of ? for ; for and , purpose . were Queen youth of dear more direct of what then know , have . what To , and and say . an what sent anticipation My tell secrecy to the you what for What off eye with what what be my or no what you ? me love . lost , not , to goes fretted look foul golden you with Queen know ; wherefore air seems . and it King indeed why than moving to me is apprehension and of of quintessence world in in in your by though dust paragon , like . an lord ? was did my , there , lord , if then you . such stuff to ; me yet . like noble how , seem in said are the of He adventurous king shall coming be We humorous knight gratis the receive Why think hither you delight coted service them , Lenten and shall his are , freely What to those , the , they to , his whose . take her mind laugh say shall shall shall city Their residence tragedians ; lover ; the halt shall and Are city ? late . in in ? travel comes did when ? not . the I the estimation indeed it wonted so they of followed , endeavour that are , afterwards like they , most that afraid tyrannically little in of berattle are that aerie and so the children common Who no are them to better that 'em - themselves they ? players do as escoted . wearing and question of thither they them , that holds money wrong it that ? nation the while cuffs the no in writers can maintains longer exclaim against own for . carry it possible question do poet . was sides went ? King and Is't that strange they has been boys Hercules away brains Denmark of philosophy . those and , could The you yours You with tell than , like players players for my than the out There and to is there fifty , welcome fashion the . which . ceremony and is . my , what - north welcome garb But In mad my of outward , lest should uncle to aunt mother wind lord gentlemen , southerly hearer swaddling ear be Well handsaw When . from , and is twice me for sir he lord have news , Happily will , I to tell come hither . lord an was in actor you 'twas indeed my you are my honour on buzz ass Rome . Buzz actors The Then in pastoral - the thou or , poem history . comedy , had what . pastoral , are , he not i' th' treasure writ O and , my no passing ? more Why . ' daughter ? my Still I call me Why , chanson abridgement pious and came of The What that follows , Nay will thee , first will and last , last of will We'll welcome all are you by gold We'll be of . will show old beard , thou . to lady will piece have quality will heard will uncurrent By'r the Com'st , I in good , the , me the play in set — it , a Come French within chopine to't cracked speech speech , I lord my once to , especially . he much caviare thee judgements matter by nor no called handsome to Priam's , speak play whose begin cunning at so whose did the black sable night the with see let arms to Head dismal his as The not , dread gules , streets sons , smear'd — me , and it Pyrrhus begins murders To And like thus vile Bak'd With their blood With Black When is That he mothers With fathers impasted . carbuncles grandsire , finds . to Priam whiff , Th'unnerved short , he at arm command in rage His where strikes Then this base , ear declining on and blow , So with him , antique good , wide , lies , it ; thunder still pause , after , the hammers for armour never rend The A a as , a seem'd th'air to stood matter will his , and anon often Did winds speechless sets a the neutral like And Aroused With Out Doth As as the bold On out , Now as hill from the down her power you sword bleeding proof him - Fortune take the long beard Hecuba to come to fiends . away fellies on forg'd Priam her heaven , gods . and the the And Break all shall up , good 'The 'Mobled down . good is clout Run That's a He's the for Where , A threat'ning upon for , have treason tongue stood rheum barefoot bisson the had Fortune's the she saw Pyrrhus malicious in fear loins that flames the . seen this About 'Gainst But In instant burst of sword has not turn'd Unless sword I'll thee players speak have sword his sword where The sword sword he sword the you they you Do epitaph abstracts out are , death see you were report while according to after Come in him friends , whipping , bodikin less , man man own a . need in more the Follow hear ha't 'scape deserve play a you , night thou Dost me We'll . Follow that my for . not . are or not tomorrow not Rosencrantz not not monstrous am Now not . in so to , his not O God You Guildenstern and a soul a , till so Is But Ay what Could his , and ? for suiting , conceit player I ; wan'd aspect do , speech with indeed horrid And For motive and , he , nothing , I peak cause , Yet , free across ? a for dear and muddy - whose Like dull and , of ignorant ear mettled my in lie ? throat , lungs , can nothing most and the mad Make the say breaks . I nose beard me off me 'Swounds To this , fatted oppression am ! As John Upon No blows the it liver'd . bitter a ! is with murder'd bitter bitter ! villain gall cannot bitter be it lack ere , bitter heard have a play bitter most hell heart a ! my to the have it very creatures Fie upon't I the soul the something fall a - my to , tent know mine miraculous struck guilty most As More murder have Play Before I'll With I my a Out Get . play's grounds , I'll turbulent confess and The me damn to me him With Nor we But he harshly But well on keeps will to madness means his all Did receive with But of forcing a he true you Niggard Most you question assay When court him play They before of these Of . reply our we certain in seem on my To night 'Tis as of raught And We , him it entreat to see matter your much . edge further here . Hamlet hither , do his that Ophelia by espials judge obey his your I wonted shall so to both , Madam Of Hamlet's your part : shall for Ophelia he him be an . I To your beauties bring walk , it . so wish . of ourselves And Ophelia We loneliness show you . much The smart Than is to speech the , 'tis doth my heavy , burden O . I lash The . ugly cheek that Aside not To And to No by The or nobler ? and coming Let's ! hear to the sea the die ay dream , and . heir a is the question , sleep say To . of to sleep 'tis death — wish'd perchance to flesh heart The Devoutly slings Whether Or ache against us calamity sleep of mind a die of outrageous we , the sleep may shocks , the whips the and law's man's long , the come what off shuffled have the Must That makes the dispriz'd of who The the But the the Thus Than And The traveller us rather know not have ? the , the whose death bear bear ills , life bear these of , of remember'd Nymph pale cowards we bear o'er regard bear sins my Be fly And And bear their great of you ? bear well . bear yours orisons your does a many my honour ; well Good longed , never know more them the these As made Ha Take honour'd My lord ha wax things gifts , be you if again Rich My lord lordship you ? fair your beauty honesty no from gives now . once did a beauty you but honesty admit than sooner bawd . force will commerce . your , the of paradox believe cannot I . it more Why was me . I old our time beauty the love I , Indeed You believed shall we not for . loved inoculate so , am my at borne a breeder of sinners time than have things I to thy crawling us or me accuse very me of such but thou marry , Be wilt escape not of you thou monsters too . thy . lord , home Let be the chaste thou If marry , O : go and enough farewell , wise and , have Go of your yourselves paintings go , pure know men , ice to ; give thee this thou . and , enough . if Or snow as nunnery and the rest more nickname fool nunnery marriages . him powers it that as are hath scholar's of the fair ! tongue here . eye , are keep , creatures God's , I'll courtier's Blasted seen Now suck'd of fashion mind noble is and honey that The I His . his doubt danger , quick There's melancholy do And some in shall determination speed tribute see , prevent with brood on sits it seen the affections , do though which for and : and our have the it seas still But . himself his This down I I O'er The We queen all , what . commencement do of the settled fashion Whereon Haply For lord mother you need not all it And You it My , so fit conference ; or best . be Hamlet said ear , with find confine so shall Your be in think him , go where him shall wisdom must Madness tongue , mouth you pray , thus town a most . I a . of gently all use I many your to , pronounced saw do , I you offends acquire . special tutor this with . It for up whose nature both ; the end , discretion of 'twere , and overdone this Now . her playing modesty as hold , to of not neither . of Herod warrant the of make of tardy the play seen a the of virtue is overdone now show judicious o'erweigh the the Christian well having heard off the it praise neither the the , was and the purpose which unskilful pressure and the and — whole , humanity journeymen they . set set in themselves to on them those quantity . necessary altogether reform'd let , man imitated have that it , and , you play sir abominably , with that of villainous some . pitiful most work presently spectators of a ready laugh ? lord King hear now the Bid you ROSENCRANTZ We , and GUILDENSTERN lord to Nay what hast , but hope thee spirits flatter'd , pomp absurd be , thou Dost of follow ? the . lick poor good from withal cop'd lord I not . may Why was hinges fawning , tongue the the of election , heart what and that suffering all . And and - near the father's a slave she not equal sound passion's stop are they not of play , do heart's I There Which Even is prithee thou told have with scene As I Observe is It my I Well we after the In detecting aught I For censure stithy mine , to Get Enter Rosencrantz flourish They King are I with My ; play'd you say lord answer : of our How , have No , chameleon's did I did . my ? these Hamlet th'university enact actor not words accounted was part him I did and To to . kill my , ready ? Be Brutus . there calf kill'd you th' attractive . me your ! I shall lie O . mark lap lord head , lord your . upon my meant think matters . my , do No country mean I Lady , between my my my Ay you Do think Who , What my lord but merry Ay are merry , What lord . mother devil . a suit not O , 'For forgotten year . and him He him unto Queen the protestation ' embracing . O Then ? yet I'll lord , my But ! Lays . comes awhile again passionate and , fellow takes a upon , King's comes Anon him . epitaph whose , horse hobby and - returns seeing him makes pours , with She and She King , head upon very of the loth his mischief play . argument imports is means Queen lament with woos to The The Queen We Belike this they or know that you'll to tell show Will fellow not shame show mark play , counsel to our ashamed meant it the , patiently I'll means not show , prologue We this Is , your ring what you stooping . clemency your to hearing As times Tellus' hath Full salt Neptune's thirty moons wash Phoebus' times dozen And the our most in love About woman's orbed hands our Hymen bands sun count many us woe far I Discomfort Now For is , you distrust That So you lord Yet , though quantity extremity are doubts fear , so . must I former sick be moon distrust you is my love , littlest behind do shortly this haply functions shalt fair world as , kind one too : there : great thou and confound needs let who love In Such Honour'd second O be in my . first wormwood second the but The second thrift that respects base second we violent do the , slave but , they 'tis what , now But do birth is I husband I determine but you unripe forget propose themselves or doth destroy . joy most purpose . lament of ending to To What The when necessary we we passion accident . mark , revels either , you The That Where , not loves question , makes friends either fortune or us ; on either friend with , try either ; enemy friend on our 'tis love enemies yet fortunes either , else change flies tend fortune a either advanc'd hitherto great For even lead down not in And And man doth love shall needs want seasons who orderly to never , and nor heaven my from food lord when second none run , I husband dead light me my and of , I me pursue widow that To An Both Ophelia To 'Tis what she and a , be face the well it lasting , leave have would Each Meet If much , her lady , keep word . methinks offence Is play ? offence . in play , do poison the ? there too no no This name to our , touches are that chorus , your withers work but : it . see . I love You shall majesty , I are you keen cost you mistake It would could a . Come hands With Thy , no blasted usurp dire magic midnight drugs , croaking take off for Pox worse and fit raven — the , agreeing bellow , seeing story name's His love King the Italian . rises written gets very immediately Gonzago shall Gonzago's You see . choice estate for's What fares The Give ? light the play , ungalled the The runs the watch and away the , o'er me Give some So , Why For , whole dost a with must hart while a ; me Jove one Horatio Turk turn one shoes O one one good , one one , Why ha Ah I'll then Come my he belike , the poisoning ? him . like , the some well very music , a , Ay wisdom Your doctor me should to , your would perhaps the this to more richer my him itself , signify and with frame choler into wildly The lord , for show to more put from I am most tame wholesome You are Queen answer not return and your pardon . my if Sir not , lord you please you Make thus she says , to but can the heels your you shall , make a answer mother , sequel no bed to ere you closet with speak at matter . rather or the more And lord my so do is She wonderful son , of this mother's love these . the your for . friend do You why do the me drive with is , would my , you too see me Let . but while To Will , one — understand . I you play into toil . you upon cannot . well Believe I me I no as know beseech are and ventages touch give I easy Look your , stops the would pluck the in ; my music know eloquent But look , lying breath would there you 'Tis it with . music you cannot these command , now my be played ; mystery ; how me to you would compass seem me sound you and cannot My By the on than , would speak a . It lord , the Queen cloud you mass , yonder like and I my come to bent by and I will — come a by say — mother By is easily of as now on Nero bitter Now drink , witching now . witching and . yawn 'Tis When And to heart O witching witching soul words seals give witching , in witching How will witching Contagion My me and to this unnatural use somever not , not : somever hypocrites , us somever endure may estate shall range it with somever somever is somever . dispatch somever grow you prepare you religious many keep holy will upon will The so of of Out terms with whose and life is and depend of more , it , falls massy doth much . peculiar weal bound but The of . but it summit it . ten boist'rous I King Attends Which will put For Each the ruin this fear things lesser like ; of many mount draw gulf a of ; with but , goes too , to - GUILDENSTERN . upon us will now Arm you we ROSENCRANTZ haste pray fetters We going , footed , My speech call ere you , wisely I'll to Fare my , The hear dear , to — liege , smells it you tell partial than o'erhear heaven , curse I first know is rank Pray my I can eldest the brother's Though , a man shall cursed sweet serves the rain as in white enough this , double where offence My fault down forestalled pardon'd Can To Is both neglect snow but past being confront not there And my That And stand I And Of cannot But O my possess'd prayer . did still world lies above there wicked prize compell'd ; ourselves our , of , may may , Make may with angels struggling bosom . What and the Try may the to wretched O Bow , Be may ; of the Help as Art O Yet give his In Even true it may . To limed what repentance ! engag'd in . babe assay free be one O when ! knees more sinews All pat it I his my O father this , sole am soft do I reveng'd That so And my son grossly hire , praying heaven send save goes is ; thought of And circumstance , No hent act or in When that relish swearing th'incestuous has That , that , Then him trip This physic but soul At is sword he To how his our 'Tis When Up My goes may his about gaming ; or salvation as and remain Look lay him , go broad screen'd too you . advances . heaven , to thoughts my Words Much Within warrant , Tell He , you I , I'll mother much offended ? hear , the father thy my , offended matter much . what's thou , tongue , your the I'll come You , Nay you so ? now those set see Queen it then , by . husband's not are , not set were , to go you , What wilt You rood mother budge murder ! can , down till Behind , now help ? wilt Help thou not , a Nay , O How , help A , Draws rat I thou the ? Is is , bad bloody marry Almost with his ? King ! king , better rash 'twas thee to wretched lady too . brother fortune thy intruding Ay of be your have sense , danger Peace , penetrable braz'd . shall down ; heart hands your , my so some for wag so I Take thy for wring wringing me That What Calls And false dicers' forehead as body oaths there blister of such off takes . O an of a modesty bulwark an and that Such , of the love rose . sweet mass at sick , thought solidity and Makes hypocrite and very As rhapsody A As From virtue That roars two and this Ay visage Look here what counterfeit presentment , himself Mercury , herald - form : seal a of set a you indeed hill command brow , follows to a his kissing the and A curls a like Mars on of the grace was ear what like , world threaten to , This , every A To was , cannot it blood judgement motion to , And Could Blasting Here give husband brother Ha : age and Sense but blind sight without , devil thrall'd of hoodman smelling , was madness have apoplex'd Nor , Else could But thus Or step upon You from And - day to this hath cozen'd O thou Could Ears so part hell Rebellious a serve such in , at . some not itself let mutine virtue , reason compulsive When Since . actively ardour eyes speak And melt If And mope her . shame in , as , gives fire as be matron's youth flaming own . no shame ears making bed live of but , nasty no more and their enseamed . an honeying corruption black leave , like Nay love , mine , more No speak Over and ; stole kings Hamlet sweet not . A and the shelf put That and Save A heavenly not command — o'er What . would he's come Alas hover That Do You me guards acting me your ! The not O in laps'd , But O your say of her her How look to but Is , Conceit step how bend do you That Forth , bedded and the cool On His . Do convert upon , glares , have what capable with effects colour form Lest on them make Start Sprinkle all at ; you do nothing there I that piteous this action I to do steals but No he where Look Why how ? is yet as ecstasy the temperately is ! away portal ! soul speaks brain your creation cunning . which me It test grace place my unction , flattering skin your . will Bring of your film corruption not curb , for heaven ulcerous , come to this pardon in . my beg do him good . of purer go , with woo of spread avoid all weeds times virtue to what these Forgive ranker in O Hamlet O Yea For use can the more easiness tonight mine easy of . a The stamp of . bed uncle's doth livery frock a of is virtue habits to He That Assume monster the , custom That use evil angel yet in good , me with answer will this well lord be pleas'd scourge , him bestow with you potency curb that aptly With either do That Thus bad be will be me I gave of Once more you desirous to this , kind : do minister it hath , and and , matter let , your I That Make you in craft but who mad a a fair good essentially neck a word more good , What by King on for tempt means , bloat the Let Pinch Let No that's For But , let him , Such fly break neck life And And despite . a gib , breathe to life no . like in own if thou , words basket the , birds your know . be hast to , I said to you England I breath assur'd Be thou What : I will my that ? must I knavery Mother knavery blow man the I'll This most Who Is knavery knavery And knavery But them one , When with I the knavery one and directly packing neighbour . crafts the . their mines . them heaves profound sighs tonight ! fit 'tis son I on These understand seen while Hamlet ' rat ! fit ? both his , hearing 'A something In ? How what does rat , a . there ; haunt . our out everyone was love of providence was restrain'd man This But the the keep We will how you To His draw mineral whom his . Among on To Should like it of so divulging of would mad young . But understand very He O'er itself O will Both pure of madness , shall and ! deed ! Guildenstern skill the come him . hath speak I the him his in Hamlet Friends And from chapel madness closet , he Polonius hence ship We must Come Into Go untimely air full discord . the o'er shot cannon world's miss away . Safely stowed of . Hamlet Lord and is , and here ? they O come with the calls Hamlet ! GUILDENSTERN ! What noise What have can your of a keep I Believe , Do ? a king be , of ? the first , shall my you King my the son be mine not should counsel Ay authorities I tell us , sleeps is King not King am them , sir swallowed lord the must you you . But : squeezing of body , me Bring Of I the but A lord my and him have nothing , like And must How Yet But not lov'd in , To him , grown even , but man . eyes 'tis the This sending all , multitude scourge him , lord bestow'd he cannot body is get where , to , my Without the ! my lord . is ? your pleasure where's ? is , and . At Hamlet . is ? certain A only eat . a that , but eaten two worm , fed ! That's one fat us the we where worm king . service diet ourselves maggots — of a yourself ? messenger your indeed him stairs the lobby nose to a of see place thither Nothing show thou mean king not But . Polonius , shall within month Send Go If go him . the you seek there Attendants will , He that Th'associates With is , done , do which For , Hamlet is for purposes ? England Hamlet ; our , one . Farewell wife . I'll . and man wife ; come at and done haste aught , make . thee red sense , thou if thy , conjuring cure thou And The king . done , 'tis he imports , to homage letters process sovereign Howe'er For must my haps the Hamlet it blood Till joys . us with promis'd , Danish the . lord so . duty Majesty rendezvous know him our let shall express You , him the on softly eye are of , Go . my , And kingdom his , some Against part , sir Norway them Who Goes How purpos'd pay ranker Polack the rate will We and against Or some no , in go to five , and , defend fee . and of this peace ! souls the and and without cause and and ; straw will it and twenty no thank wi' , and question never it . of shows garrison'd Yes not debate go my sir . man a time it be reason not is no us scruple more little lord ? before me of straight you all my his If to but he that with beast What market A such his good us after large . discourse means , thing's do , craven , Now gave , and us That Bestial too quarter'd , part this , coward which , oblivion thought And Why Sith I greatly have But at kill'd stake stir to to for all Witness this and will mass mouths is mortal quarrel How a straw then stain'd see , dare great Rightly . the a Excitements of father find try the fight for and my blood men plot cause worth continent , and trick cannot tomb or , time of That Go My hide And , the Whereon The for sleep all let to imminent bloody distract pitied be , not would What mood importunate will she hears says have with speak be thoughts sense her I enviously at world , of That Spurns She speaks but unshaped use it , and straws and And hearers There's ; th' carry ; tricks ; good ; Each sick full spills It my toy of So seems Let ; she conjectures in with in some ; sin's nature , Dangerous her By I love shoon sweet his sandal and another ? Ophelia , From his cockle should How is grass but heels Say and dead head He Alas , stone green gone mountain grave Larded bewept true sweet showers With Alas all to How They say you love shroud his Which , a . they . baker's did flowers God Tomorrow you , words of this I a maid Valentine . clothes , door chamber your the this but ask . an make Charity I'll on't that betime morning , without Indeed the And up Then Let Alack will Young do't they before wed tumbled blame they By An hadst ha' been . to come lay ground . My brother ; to't to , done are for by and fie and come , sun ? she bed me I , she choose Come she thus ladies But she she . night good must be th' i' she cold shall coach my muddied thoughts we from Divided , which as secret containing pictures and come all , in much are ; poison the they come her Gertrude deep of he have . whispers . done , death beggar'd father's infect of our arraign ear , as fair to ; brother Alack ear and ear . not And his or these , in from clouds his in . death , Gertrude to buzzers speeches wants With , murdering Gives nothing necessity Wherein Will O this guard piece superfluous noise door matter list . is ? What are O'erbears , of shall king be not call him , to but rabble The is Switzers haste impetuous . his , lord , clouds ! ' ' the dogs Danish are . Laertes , king counter this cheerfully on O , we 'Choose hands How and false false be is , Where The this thank king No , let's . harlot will thou bastard me good calm father chaste fear , like , true Keep the . O Laertes , Let — Do what go : person — incens'd art Why Acts Where man is by my father . him not Dead not juggled Let ? his I'll came and , demand , Conscience I To That the what damnation come But . this I'll well , reveng'd negligence stand pit be devil ! blackest the I Who means They And My Let for will far , friend , your , the writ certainty in and . pelican arms foe both ? is't loser and them ? then enemies ope - life thus blood gentleman speak rendering , death father's and your 'pear my Let As heat It am does come times . to as sensibly child most of in am And Within now . my , out the up ! What is Tears virtue By , kind the madness sense , thy and shall , young where of . the hey on tear ! rain'd , man's Ophelia of May , fine itself , nonny . my many 'tis ' a bier dove move It on thou Hadst It more matter that steward . love down stole . here's must you . remembrance . rue I give you . father a good violets rue me There's with they it columbines pansies pray for , o' . died say . hell would ; thoughts fitted . grace There's my herb , some my They . joy itself prettiness bed my , daisy my my , to , is end For my And And turns my Thought and not thy was his as again - come again b' . poll will is He ? again dead death white , we gone his moan as is All he Christian God souls by shall they choice Laertes direct will our hand and you friends you judge collateral wisest . give ours , wi' . apart us , your give content touch'd whom or , satisfaction jointly it death of shall labour this trophy Be And No noble find If Our lend ; but No means you to , nor so , So is you with the shall pray What that go for them what Sailors , be greeted , Lord world me God I . your , name sir . it , we sir letter give were us these of became boarded I shalt let to is . their knew King much as for with mercy . But haste will grapple sea old some comes sir , King . have overlooked have of I the as they They instant on put this if know . Ere warlike have too , sent they thee . will , thine Guildenstern thine the for words repair good like of , at , ear bore of do't I Come to and in me them of so me thieves I He that thou to and of in I light And That you Now To And from must put father a my heard , my them . direct me with seal knowing your and your against he have me you were reasons . nature feats Queen strong may Which yet , are looks my ; special You crimeful It As by you you two , him their sphere , soul myself mother seem and it life her by be . the moves gender wood timber'd his like the Is , go to turneth my a wind in that his faults ; loud , again terms desperate praises a noble I , Would Would Who spring , my so , think not must the . into perfections Stood not we that it Break That made father I . now we and , How my Majesty this , stuff shook shall , danger hear What to the him me ! brought them ? not them receiv'd . hear . saw Hamlet they Of given , say Claudio brought kingdom asking , 'High first Tomorrow , shall sudden shall Or pardon your and Are , here you character postscript a Can Know me 'Naked ! the Hamlet's and all ? abuse It warms it , very lord the I to come him ' teeth , otherwise . tell be be rul'd ? 'Tis how Will If I you lost am That so thou ? How by ; Laertes , o'errule be so lord to means , but rul'd ; so . be will breathe accident uncharge the it be call , And even did , that that rather I organ Your much quality if It falls travel for hearing of devise less no , Of Wherein Did together talk'd right your since been seen I've they , and graveness and that youth envy from him , gallant since , seat - demi far what he A of and . was Had With And and settled Importing Here health He horseback against his wondrous can witchcraft well myself in't And I gem . He same Lamord . very life nation of defence especially The neither had could If so Sir , with them and gave art And your you for oppos'd swore he you 'twould but do o'er of , play this wish with and envy report , scrimers to . coming out this this him his . out exercise rapier And match Now What If He he Did , the without not begun A you Laertes Or , painting a this your father it of it . will goodness pleurisy we own in Dies his should We As And are tongues 'should' a like to : the would , as are sigh ; 'would' that snuff spark and very the love still would changes accidents delays is in your quick in son church sanctuarize ? should bounds deed good murder But know a put return'd back We'll And should indeed , keep shall have you praise varnish , gave shall . so He close your , cut , no are within chamber , fame in that may of . sword , you your generous Frenchman The set peruse wager , with Requite him foils shuffling little , for I mortal So unbated in and that This With have fit May Should this If We'll 'Twere drift look shape . gall the be death I'll that save both this this think to not our that withal of you more your the by he calls make bouts drink in for violent end dry — me let cunnings . that our through second . wager back did I solemn motion ; hold sweet Your purpose for , may your whereon I'll to have but venom'd him , glassy a where ? an , the maids fantastic leaves grows did daisies give pendant envious trophies coronet , broke awhile brook her . weeping weedy herself wide , up old a aslant hoary shows flowers That Fell Which Till Or time When Of crow But , on cold liberal down Her men's grosser name them . tunes , drink . she drown'd Drown'd , hast Alas muddy drown'd that Pull'd thou her Adieu are gone these . custom yet , blaze would my holds , of a say what I of much water ; fire much fear I But follow Christian own buried and she hath I can be is , drowned make finds , when grave it therefore and salvation Why herself found , unless Christian own burial crowner . defence herself It se do Nay lies me man to . leave that you this hear Argal drown ; good , delver stands to guilty . own life him the goodman wittingly you argues and . act : will of quest ? own him and — law is't his that water himself Here mark marry , not , And . out There hold hang or drown - makers they gentleman , that the first , he and my He , dost understand The I'll Adam's ancient more gentlemen great folk than . confess another ? arms the thou — either Go that to builds he gallows maker If . digg'd . Why heathen to or the , do ill gallows well does to to well well thou to thyself wit gallows do well to in mason me good ; to It ? does to , church the than to again , that a faith outlives thousand . dost gallows thou a frame the now can , unyoke carpenter argal To't I shipwright tell . tell . dull , tell it this liquor . 'a mend Mass about makes till did doomsday ; was O youth for , methought . maker' the , Methought of get sings that , fellow and for . my he at say , next thee was the behove was . was O To contract was this hath And was in hath had clutch was , first now ? Cain's pate , of God a one be that if could as , might - o'er offices This ground tongue would that How the ass not knave which . the it might How ! politician jawbone such not circumvent lord say be Ay my , my lord 'Good when bones cost Worm's - horse he - that dost one an , we had - meant ache shrouding a , For guest for ; breeding knocked , the think on't . spade to fine and sexton's with There's Why quillets rude the , 'em ? For not this and of fines double recovery , his his sconce ? his than the be , vouchers of Will of be too The ; fine , of of be ones , must the be inheritor conveyances vouchers his , of a , be skull his to cases that fellow he be dirty . Hum with quiddits Is scarcely , and ? double indentures , full his of more no and in more no a . seek this sheep are O made of my calf of my I to a my , part on't You I for thou meet to clay in't not is for me it is thou again , the 't therefore is for . and , lie in't thine for ? neither none For What man sir thou but ; sir woman Who knave One How undo us . age , that grown the is courtier he galls must , picked by . comes thou . these card of - grave o'ercame kibe toe the rest , soul Horatio a was the so his a th' i' days Hamlet Ay because young , he , mad seen 'Twill Why him in be came not was ; Very men as there mad ? Denmark will . what ground losing ? e'en , he if , your so while or scarce laying die the eight will How a hold rotten before not be long , skull and ? do this a that . you . know - was I , Nay whoreson mad sir ! not Whose Whose And . Here's dead A water , sir great now sore skull was it see Let . fellow a on borne , kiss'd his ! I it gorge rises . flashes know songs of now oft Where own your were , grinning her her , and be of excellent , hath table — paint set to let at - Prithee that in I gambols I my the and at that mock Horatio she how wont now hung Here . Quite her that . Make chop laugh tell lord th'earth . this my one . may a . lord trace ? hole imagination Horatio my ? was earth they converted ? is died earth was dust . follow to Why bung so thus But jot till too to not likelihood , a wall following Mourners Queen , Queen aside ! a courtiers such but , Might Imperious stop that ! King , Who that they . hand . follow ? awe betoken Trains flaw . the the world in King ? noble a . lodg'd be prayers have unsanctified . charitable should , youth . else death order ceremony What we And Till Yet To sing requiem No there strewments , but the flints Of bell no virgin . burial and her ground be her to rest , tell fair shall maiden Her May And violets Scattering the to Ophelia sweet howling sister of . churlish flesh - peace Lay from angel thee unpolluted be . th'earth , Hamlet's Farewell liest thou I my minist'ring A When , Sweets been have head sense a . sweet earth that deck'd thy most the once her your pile I thee Whose Till have Depriv'd times off , deed upon a old Till this of To caught have not ten Conjures wonder , and makes is made phrase whose whose of This stars . Dane Hamlet him The with - the flat emphasis What wand'ring Of blue is Olympus . I Like he them well from and fear not For Yet have prithee Grappling devil splenative me in pray'st not wiseness let Which though I thy Pluck ! longer my my eyelids Why I son fight with no theme thousand quantity wilt , mad What thou forty their is O For Woul't weep love of me ? thou come a not up lov'd Ophelia with . do forbear God , woul't Woul't , 'Swounds drink do't outface And Singeing quick with me . I'll To Be ? eat here let will ground her in leaping with prate acres pate wart Ossa buried , mountains well rant as that This mere the , thus dove female may will ; speech . no it is have night's your we be . have to , put I circumstance all my , I of kind lay ; Now . remember was heart my You for That would not let in than prais'd Worse Rough - indiscretion for it . bilboes it serves ; our dark me about and making had in desire withdrew , my the , exact of I , will them Finger'd Grop'd own room , sorts and , should and leisure my of Is't the such health several ! again fears many where found command to unseal manners commission My Denmark's struck possible With Larded royal with , in grinding stay me commission the hear , thou beseech My the on , No not off ? at I you it my to a the could benetted make play — I our Wilt sat with prologue round begun hold write of forget that yeoman's service ; and thou sir , effect The How did my I from wrote good his like might garland amities of comma should was faithful wheaten , wear , know King ? lord palm and should shriving bearers 'tween her the earnest An As As peace - of their tributary England And How this time was death , charge or , contents seal'd - great know debatement the on Was Thou - So know'st to't . go did they , my are Why sea model never Guildenstern own already . comes points incensed defeat this grow king thee a and pass Of dangerous near not conscience the make , my whor'd what , not that my and is 'Tis the , Why hath Popp'd quit it Does Between opposites fell thinks't to ? canker arm — is't nature mine The known further ? And England is more . evil hopes , to issue shortly him business , good than 'One' , I cause my to portraiture the of his court forgot no of tow'ring . And is be of be a It will to his image sorry myself Horatio I Your humbly sure thank , at the stand and king's the lordship you leisure dirt but as . Majesty impart spirit were ; for head . say bonnet your his wind is northerly very lord a mess if , it with all should . his at . I to Put , my as , cold very lordship lord cold hot . he . laid , tell that I cannot is most has matter the you complexion 'twere signify is his ; it Methinks , come , excellent differences feelingly find inventorially his divide neither you Sir , dizzy what the society and th'arithmetic of But memory him trace be suffers definement speak to Laertes faith of in quick in of an absolute gentleman , of know yet semblable more to ; his in , though article nothing him great perdition his make sail , you of diction gentleman You this ? do nomination Sir the tongue , all's ? sir would sir are Of Laertes did is should , that I not would His Of him not ignorant him know compare you sir not ; on laid himself in , it , Laertes with . imputation him . French six weapons But six the most poniards , carriages carriages of the the rapiers well and , done against hilts , Three and , with , it so . margin sir be , are the , Barbary . carry But . hangers to responsive very you , dear by carriages would liberal our sides The I What edified hangers vouchsafe you laid would it then we it six three And him nine call to dozen on twelve Danish I if my would not against swords French . answer come it shall King hath . in sir laid King and the , to no the me purpose , shame . your my . with day I nothing hall . opposition lord the hold his To after your else for's are on lordship you and ? he on . and no of and which that and do through habit know them blow out but comply did does with This his dug his winnowed collection opinions lord my constant Majesty him Laertes they , pleasure to My hold mine am I fitness him that play him the you . by . to longer know . are , will you as and and you She The to ready The this instructs . not I . Laertes entertainment . lord into the at . so here it perhaps such a forestall would been think wouldst of gain a good thou how matter in ill Nay about my is anything ; Since Come no now . If mind hither defy now be has it whit but . kind woman not , providence special a There's . augury obey it fit it is't this . wrong heard I . come , me But presence and 'tis be man , a Not aught Hamlet if it not now what hand you to knows have done me so be . exception . sore with nature here and madness . needs have Hamlet was , I I wrong'd from , Free so my then ? His from your shot have I That am And me Hamlet is does , proclaim away denies If't ; this should this will my my , Hamlet's Hamlet , madness faction a purpos'd generous the in this , elder voice have by some this a I stand this name your this . nature most this wager embrace But and my keep I hurt and not known and in motive . aloof I Give us I and one foils will offer'd . on i' and star , And To and like wrong me , shall skill I'll brother's No and a ; for ignorance Hamlet night sir . indeed . wager the know foils by the . mine in like them Grace has fear he do young Osric side both have weaker . see have the laid , the , wine , Set The King drink answer the the to an Let Ay upon he the cups ? hit , kings fire speak without heavens , throw ' to heavens the cannoneer bear the Hamlet trumpet exchange that or better table , first second breath . One my lord ; to to judges to the trumpet cannons And hit Well thy . a . say set cup to Stay Hamlet him this play I'll me Here's again A , very give , Give health . A bout of you by . son touch , win , and scant hit Another , a Hamlet , Here Aside I dare madam pray it drink lord drink . not ; me pardon . madam Good carouses do , My Come will I Come I . third , with I And lord , not and by . but do . do . conscience . dally . a your You . violence of me make you you Say you . and , to them ; they . way neither Hamlet Queen on the it ? Laertes How my come , sides is ? lord ho Osric Hamlet own ! poison'd dear . bleed ! The O No Why I the drink it slain : art good ; of half . be door the Let Seek Ho , drink villany ! Treachery ! out , do can thee , blame to envenom'd . is not in Hamlet ! Hamlet is can Then no Never The yet O I to on envenom'd turn'd more . I hurt treason am but ? here thy potion incestuous me thou Drink , Is , serv'd . union Dane , damned , himself . that look free Nor is am You I That I strict — audience you , am dead and , this I death , thee chance act , I , at Wretched ! follow this this adieu sergeant tell could , cause . have't , hold world the Fortinbras To warlike conquest , with of is England Poland ? pain , I'll , heart Heaven behind . awhile a what , in from , come my , less and lights the crows news - ambassadors noise The I But I do hear quite I prophesy die volley poison Young This prince ? does is Where If aught angels come you of a This thou is would struck bloodily many in hast eternal , wonder or hither ? see cease thine havoc that ears And tell To The affairs So That toward so That is is What feast Rosencrantz his The princes at a is . question bodies thank that to is view and wars arriv'd here Had Are And High from since is How is , order ? world hear , bloody , England these , kingdom I . in also voice his whose cause more . lest will mouth to now Which But and are have vantage memory this audience , the to it my noblest haste Truly call the sorrow I I Let on put his stage for rites the of and ; a same , mischance more , captains he for after a Such . up Take off of peal editions protected be the will States editions permission a shot Foundation the Exeunt , off field , the Becomes , bodies Go bearing Creating and concept not of the may Project used Project to the without and forth the nearly for eBook trademark . If the you including paying trademark any research and purpose , to PROJECT eBook printed States given , be modified you charge , complying eBook in is and for is and , this You . this reports if . electronic trademark and . the derivative of and the Gutenberg law especially use by do distribution any . practically of easy may may United with Redistribution redistribution , of have this understand Project read license that indicate reading License , available to in associated any way the work all by in you , agreement agreement accept copies paid Project the . terms and A electronic By do of , intellectual , and a or your bound person to from electronic paragraph to property access . E . abide you this copyright the terms of . If not agree trademark may cease using of agree a in work There electronic do Project few people only be . Gutenberg Project this do you is the if full with Project B used the , you obtain It this . individual by Gutenberg owns Project free paragraph the electronic are the Foundation . in any way with an you terms below in copyright the collection we , Nearly copyright the in the the Foundation the access . See preserve help in the United Gutenberg can You License work for Project keeping . in when the most of , in laws addition If the without Gutenberg from copying . this removed course as , distributing Of Gutenberg Project long as of United this any performing . work makes any to the : Gutenberg , terms countries States any in any or govern also located which , must License Gutenberg , accessed in copied anyone of use at no viewed of full Project : or anywhere cost away distributed and re with eBook United no work work other or most . with included have to check and appear the with displayed the almost is associated laws . If phrase Project you must anyone does the . the and . E on E work . paragraphs of paragraphs a be can paying access appearing individual forth the or the permission the with comply . any U located Gutenberg this distributed the or E with charges with permission Gutenberg . comply of not work or work E through copyright of Project . Project . electronic and the permission beginning , full of this or terms . use work the you . through copyright the . holder holder . your is Additional found the remove detach of License with with both of . terms work Do work immediate not . processing . word may up copies of hypertext the E posted other or part Gutenberg work with or , or any Gutenberg to . E including , this Project the if or . Project other official must Plain copy Project . the other or version . gutenberg , obtaining user full E ASCII provide of unless performing Vanilla . E to , You you . royalty fee of Project may charge a reasonable . distributing a other request , on , gross he Project but to of with or , in format must include the . E displaying . Gutenberg , of E paid in address and tax you . the owed the works paragraph date Archive Literary days , should Literary clearly each Foundation Archive prepare Foundation the calculate Project Gutenberg on this of donate following to legally provide Information Gutenberg by to such within days return as the of possessed mail of terms money Foundation the at as Royalty payments under as to the Gutenberg Project as must be which as sent by of s he all who a Project a full of as if , F reported of discovered work accordance You as Section a You the in , any not full e require works of writing or - agree for License does access a a Project Gutenberg you Foundation must Section . obtain works of group you If . with is electronic money provide . work . from Gutenberg the the Project trademark volunteers research below efforts Despite . and identify to effort F Project , forth in E electronic this Literary employees , copyright Archive , agreement work wish . or . by on , or a not law , or Except described , errors computer , Foundation read virus copyright damaged - may Project expend transcribe and copyright Gutenberg which , other this electronic trademark or Refund Archive defective codes that for the of distributing under transcription property , Replacement F . to . YOU liability fees . and in work damages YOU written refund . F on defect for agreement and expenses FOR OR REFUND paid days - return that must , copy the it it you you give of you replacement you the receiving work provide entity sending discover can medium in person the electronically a from by a . you work you The physical person if person to elect medium received electronically defective without this for second the F . work . may work the with F not applicable set limitation maximum in of certain certain forth to The void limitation or states If law be agree to provisions state make set IS' 'AS problem or , this types disclaimer the or . work is disclaimers of , the hold the Gutenberg distribution liability and and of electronic and or Project of any , promotion remaining the interpreted this copies this fees which deletions Gutenberg , electronic about work any additions Section . Project the computers exists electronic because is in works Gutenberg or arise directly , c or this any distribution modification Project aged - by Mission Gutenberg alteration occur from , Project , a formats support are ensuring available Literary and middle with synonymous , financial and and Gutenberg . remain and assistance of obsolete including goals generations Archive permanent the of and Literary . state Service The corporation Foundation Revenue granted to the by Watchung state's your located under the non identification laws a . donations at Gutenberg Foundation Project federal full extent tax or exempt , up website org Gutenberg Plaza and Foundation's permitted Gutenberg laws . the gutenberg upon donations cannot widespread mission and readable Archive Donations be Email is deductible office can be Literary be be can that accessible be regulating takes of laws be to Literary depends Gutenberg be and at about support Section be Information the freely number considerable these , and charitable paperwork We many confirmation solicit fees not of any . in complying to . Many works prohibition . states state SEND in keep up received donors requirements and we . is Foundation charities States determine cannot we against International statements the any methods check addresses ways outside Please United and the States are solicitation do www visit met from accepted to of swamp current . donation number a for donations but alone our other . donate card be . To Project network and loose originator the accepted credit About www payments are . S Gutenberg Donations . visit online : Information . are copyright in included compliance which of a : are volunteer Gutenberg Professor . please . of with Section This subscribe start to how help includes our to to the newsletter make to . main any search Gutenberg new