King ? Stand . He Nay Stand Stand , me Stand Long Barnardo live Stand to Stand upon hour . guard heart sick much am thanks had stirring . Marcellus night ? haste . is . ho ground . Dane good - night hath . soldier place honest , farewell , O is Say Welcome ? us him us That Therefore if sight belief take our of of not speak to appear 'twill and . seen . down of once fortified again down let assail awhile , eyes tush , us are yond When Had And two Last night Barnardo sit we , of that's burns it — speak heaven it it Horatio . Horatio , to ? King ; scholar the Peace , What Did art sometimes Stay ! will charge not ! is the which , speak it stalks See I gone 'Tis and answer . fantasy ? pale on parle . hour dead watch not knows , watch me and strict of to our most the cannon whose sore tell observant , of scope eruption toils down he implements Sunday from , of , Why in , Whose Thereto the to Dar'd At you by our who by emulate us King day ? with . haste sweaty that joint that can I ; inform . most me even image , so Did Was gaged To stood ratified of King ; to and life ; side prick'd Fortinbras seiz'd by a , same young full by , enterprise , here resolutes and , which the of Now . he And But As That armed of it through is mote is it most high and the mind's fell eye Rome , these to That was think our the A the stood little The the graves squeak As Disasters stars Upon in Was like to whose even As And And sick trains Did and sun influence almost of cross , But it , art thee speak be do any Speak good ease to speak speak to me , hast speak , speak my ! speak here ! speak gone 'Tis here For To We here it will here stand if here when , started vain here it here here was a that day , and Th'extravagant shrill fire or god the with his of of that , air , truth . crowing abroad , crowing it . crowing advice by mantle crowing tonight seen have we of morn what crowing us to dumb crowing spirit Let needful our we , loves Hamlet , high no wholesome takes nights look the dew and russet part the is in fairy No This young you consent us Where we Let's Do in conveniently duty . know and Attendant Voltemand dear grief , our brother's us one nature it that brow in and Lords Laertes find him I this befitted , in of think fought in Hamlet Therefore one , jointress 'twere and weighing , have delight marriage gone ; with on sorrow this to remembrance That our mirth With In With Our He hath this Your With most his Colleagued Lost Now To , business of young rid that levies suppress all dispatch , meeting have for . scarcely are we , old . duty scope , Voltemand you to further , more articles and VOLTEMAND haste your all nothing to thou . some speak my CORNELIUS let suit reason , not , you . heart the to thy , Denmark ; done France pardon , coronation to France bend bend I must wishes your gracious What leave bend duty that , confess bend and them your you And bend his beseech fair Upon He And But bend By lord , wrung from me at be ! kind on , will do now the my thine clouds look , is it it If to that with nature particular , with , be so it . Ay denote dejected the haviour moods . might seem , of my , Nay windy suspiration of solemn forc'd the a of , thee , river , actions nature Hamlet in show . father a the term and , 'Tis . condolement is a incorrect to heaven , impatient , common ; vulgar be , and , must know Why to fault most To any understanding in ? heart As should must fathers , he hath to that of to earth us , theme a most will we what Take against first This Is 'This the And impart with father From A of corse it reason so who think to for We , absurd woe pray intent your love bears For in to to we in Our pray with courtier , cheer and of , our eye our go fair and best us ; loving Denmark unforc'd my a Madam , come grace drinks that and to smiling , ourself 'tis gentle jocund No the King's But This I in ; heart my accord in Denmark cannon of shall thunder this His two Possess Fie Seem grows it excellent months That a satyr But canon So on't merely and and me With and , A father's married and Than Ere left I and mourn'd ! tears longer ; to brother all which she . wants with mine uncle and she of eyes my hold ! nor most . Would — Within more a unrighteous galled ! to , my poor good lord — you name from , same I to see forget ever friend Horatio . sir , enemy say so ; from even you — my hear your I am But very glad disposition , ear good A what that report truant mother's drink to , Horatio forth met coldly do came see your father's bak'd . father my my see meats . goodly was , once take , was he eye Would Did , Thrift father My Where Horatio lord , him not ? your king for all . hear . deliver ! watch on - like - father , march your thrice them surprised he with : by , figure , A and point In Been By And Form of Where The apparition the , are not . of fear him they to both your like we watch . made true time , where did once it to I : yet ; and did address would away . true . our in me troubles this tonight my and the Indeed , indeed you MARCELLUS We O A more Pale , lord you look'd he frowningly than ? in you constantly had would one It Very would much . it you . It my it . father's hell tenable . you I Let Give If me And Till I'll Our your to and . eleven honour ; well farewell All the Farewell do the embark'd . not you hear , earth necessaries convoy , And it But is , and fashion of , primy toy trifling ; lasting nature in from me , perfume ; inward and For more it of Think nature nor he this temple soul must his will subject , He For greatness virtue The His In The Grows with your his ear credent what , or weigh saying in is Unto And The Whereof give his your therefore voice and head the he and is strokes : of youth moon enough desire spring , near fear affection danger it maid her imminent good as my of like a steep heart the recks And me not to best are though , infants their buttons be liquid most lesson keep is long too the Whilst Show O double Occasion stay here The you each all : dulls own the friend be generous proclaims ; reserve few of but but purse rich chief and : of self be ; buy thy beware , censure But man's thy not And above loan Are I time borrowing it Thou do invites 'Tis And you shall something touching he keep , you me keep Marry What is't keep , been keep , your If And keep that keep it You As it of , bethought very hath 'tis free and of : to — on me . yourself and clearly the tenders a like me up honour . girl green circumstance you what yourself should think ; to . fool a the for the not That I Which call honourable hath — speech , heaven . I prodigal how making this presence From a - maiden a , time ; young Lord both , Hamlet rate , higher your brokers Ophelia ; walk , all leisure Lord show ways lord ; obey , my Hamlet . nipping a think and bites is shrewdly , not near . draughts the wake mean wont takes upspring rouse , native a pledge his ? am I is't bray west other and , addition Soil Makes to my the honour'd From our our us traduc'd heavy And This , Ay breach headed ; in to marry us than the and indeed though marrow oft That So some birth for nature the that much these , particular attribute at and mole men guilty not his , Since By of As that particular general . The may man , infinite Shall His Being else in Look form Carrying by pales and habit plausive ; defect , one undergo censure as be dram substance of from intents thy thee a and his all Doth Angels spirit of grace call thee me ! goblin I'll Dane of in death but of answer shape ; Hamlet of complete mean , of of of , of away did desire ? do , lord pin's a itself I'll follow ? fee to do as . again my set not Why will It I And Which That beetles draw Without And hears so looks motive some madness toys , into every sea my thee . beneath . still many puts into place And Go , It The your your on not ; you cries the make Go of me Unhand , your a I'll gentlemen , your . your body . out lion's . your heaven not issue desperate him of Have follow waxes fit 'tis ; To rotten what . after is in the state . let's flames . Alas Must is , unfold thy ghost hearing shall lend serious almost render I , poor ! come tormenting , walk spirit father's what but bound confin'd am thy What revenge to when done of tale purg'd tell my thy ; thy could freeze eyes two Till burnt the certain secrets day to prison whose part , in soul a up Would And foul away my But . that Are Make And But this and Like thou of blazon to from their to on stand But me know't foul as foul most unnatural ! and Murder , that meditation thoughts I it murder ! in , or , strange , I itself out me , thou thee weed , Denmark , life thy did but Rankly Wouldst thou That given serpent by ; A Is 'Tis abus'd a stung ; wears , O So will what whose , me it That , of Upon made , a sate it court though a whose , her itself I methinks prey in , But virtue wretch , me custom let soft , on the thy cursed of my of hour secure porches always . hebenon in with enmity ears did man , air ; morning garbage radiant shape angel of to in My But And The and most , I Most That And With The natural a blood , like All sleeping smooth a my queen , by of my . it , loathsome sudden alleys droppings into body , crust hand dispatch'd ; horrible head my ; sin , not once , bear of pursu'st sent to imperfections but disappointed on my it . most ! horrible , and be incest Denmark And I O But In Ay , ghost my , host you 'gins , stiffly , sinews up while memory Remember of . Remember instant not fie O ! O all And shall At am one I may That So O tables sure and it Meet , it . smiling pernicious alone live ! villain , Yes It 'Adieu , uncle , villain damned villain . him I ! secure , ho it Lord . Within . Heaven ! So Come boy ! lord my , be lord ? O , No by . wonderful , say , my man . it , lord reveal heaven secret come lord us . from this , i' the grave Denmark all villain There needs There's Why , right I your , fit business that we ; But ne'er Ay heaven a ghost my tell and my for is it as without hath — and shall shake and , and whirling I'll Such every it wild they There's by faith no Patrick offence These as For own . you Yes Yes are much desire honest Saint , For O'ermaster't me my known is't one tonight . what lord my lord , HORATIO we As sword my my . faith lord , in , and My faith We Cries stage ? lord already indeed fellow swear . ground sword . have you that again , we'll my . th'earth Beneath . Swear . night , pioner said A O day old Canst and are things worthy How strange or before I hereafter disposition me heaven , would' heaven they if and to , heaven and doubtful could 'There some this phrase , shake heaven shall heaven we , heaven you you is to Hamlet go as friending us Let . your lips . set O love and a to joint a , I cursed right together a a and a go these a lord , wisely visit marvellous him behaviour a . it . are in where finding and and of drift you , expense son 'twere know your do — And in part But 'And As , To gaming drabbing , you would season scandal breathe incontinency his seem but the open : may flash The general in unreclaimed of assault good do I would , you should , Wherefore lord here's my of on , consequence or 'gentleman' working ; son be — addition ? say — leave . ay t'other day gentleman ' or in the such , enter saw was I Videlicet , 'I There , At you consequence' know o'ertook there , 'I tennis' wisdom and of out directions bias , have advice you . well . you I Observe , him Farewell ply How Pale as of had shirt As lord I , do speak To for he my face held ? if Then took goes He And he with , As At And Come went bended . very violent to fordoes property will desperate ecstasy will the I me last o' to the And , go And Whose doors his his shoulder , King , passion him any any our given natures leads As afflict you . the have my does , I did His good That hath that . sorry quoted to cast him wreck for the in to our our go being hate move . might . see provoke , it put both humour him , him , court , companies our with us , command into you of have more . freely both to Than And To here My Thanks , Rosencrantz , him , to Heavens Thanks practices return'd Th'ambassadors Norway good you Assure , my my as joyfully liege , good father , Have I Both I Hunts to Thou Are from hast And not God and to Hamlet's th'ambassadors great of . hear of of feast them that son's but marriage of main your , of queen that I to bring , of the o'erhasty other and to the do shall news My He Well , father's Say His death it head It To So levied regards this are therein rebuke from with annual Polack allowance pass , the further for us consider'd thank we Meantime such likes upon well night should This Go Were Why My business night your time ; labour well think and , rest you for , madness mad . time . all true foolish art ; art no : A use no art true true for , effect this , say pity is Madam That But farewell 'tis I will now , pity 'tis 'tis figure , idol vile : that Doubt Doubt , these sun to but shall it have believe Adieu reckon . to and , me ; his time given receiv'd to she think do you What fell And Thine But As in This out above obedience mine by , by me faithful . seen , me your what might think you the . his hath But As prove had daughter so hot But This What my Before Or I Or must 'Lord Or look'd my play'd dear perceiv'd it Majesty given might not . no she , to into a Thence And Admit she took a is , the messengers Which Fell Thence should herself — And Into Hath been Not there think Take You is Within this lead , this we know So . you time a the be centre he four . sometimes and not me If Let Mark Be If such If But If If But If If I'll of my is to be ? lord sir picked honest walk . may daughter . my not . lord my conceive on harping Friend was I my in speak he . me this you to What daughter a you Have How the Between ? read far , he is gone as look , I youth words matter matter old says , him said again is Words that who . yourself , sir out Aside believe , this be you be it not as , if it thus sometimes and . daughter part willingly life except except honourable My , sir my take me anything that except I life my old . fools lord Lord to suddenly replies are so prosperously I , lord , most will These save you lord honoured ! Ah , of Guildenstern ? happy ; button - the do how her my , her the you On Fortune's Nor Happy live , her privates very children indifferent the is grown ? but my Let not friends to news she , a prison at prison , and either wards . too prison my , th' confines one . lord for dreams mind bad or narrow is is your very and 'tis me . is myself count the dream substance . a light monarchs and quality by . court airy is are , I a and a itself of wait so beggars' . Shall beggars , and speak in that ? friends , To own your it with , the you my dear thanks , we purpose say ; come a in , visit Is ? Come inclining me even am I must you . to what But our more with . better you whether say What . eye off of you were sent . for anticipation my prevent all mirth heavily a , moult to , seems how and , than is apprehension animals And how , smiling by ? dust most . late and your but excellent goodly exercises ; the frame this canopy to me air the this majestical form in , in piece thing though lord you world quintessence did then when there , Why that shall make those laugh welcome shall his end lungs , the to man players to verse th' part ; have lover ; to halt shall to the peace , way to tribute to Majesty shall in the sere of or whose are they in — delight on Are the is rusty ? there call they Who quills . that wonted Do grow , for't the — 'em they themselves maintains no grow are should no ? them ? their writers players them it they escoted wearing come fashion thither that top of out These and clapped goose berattle are , children quality the they their , to , much throwing it his load ? away ? Do there that strange for , boys lived philosophy , those forty find 'Sblood . could , little give of and carry King it There of , fairly , appear and Elsinore Your with you deceived is , a from my lord the you , with mad In the fashion like , which . ear of at be is time to twice right prophesy he will to the morning Monday . an so say . tell of have , hither The I tell news come actors tell I , to buzz . came for Rome lord , Then Upon individable too had treasure Israel , what are , pastoral , be historical either or poem , history . well passing Still law . of , Am he loved my I call me not , more which i' Jephthah of The first row and mistress last good by all piece We'll have We'll , altitude a ladyship friend all my thou , O a of me . speech speech cracked chopine is in pious to pass , abridgement me most beard , Pray me not to't straight , What speech thee me above speak a , me heard you ! the your me . thee last me , are uncurrent . me to . in , very by the I savoury , general for the it matter called Aeneas' handsome the remember . play . such much loved where , and memory especially begin . so : arms with speaks , the , foot see If . let begins this it an honest me , complexion did Dido to tale chiefly rugged , he the horridly parching the blood of fathers total gules trick'd fire , With That vile thus murders Roasted and the daughters , damned his to Priam . he at and falls whiff drives command lord this at , a his . lo Then lies where match'd fell , sword head i' ear senseless Ilium flaming , crash sword wide , father was seem'd . against see Did Priam as , prisoner a a neutral to nothing often , storm below rack on For will and stand the the him death , hammers Aroused hush the And Doth Mars's bold in And reverend like So as As A But silence as heavens the speechless vengeance less general In Out , spokes synod strumpet Priam ! down nave , take fellies Fortune away of ; her power bleeding and from hill . to armour remorse never sets forg'd thou bowl With falls round the the long As or Break the to It shall a ; a jig Say barber's come He's , on tale Hecuba , bawdry . beard ? he or sleeps on say robe , then pronounc'd have did themselves with , blanket her bisson barefoot Run Who Where About late When have has not you But 'Gainst this A , where he Would And things colour have the speak thee are the and brief tears colour — eyes in's soon , let colour , heaven and hear this . colour more no the rest his you lord colour man , for ; 'scape deserve , colour him you your death they will After bodikin whipping they Dost friends friend . Ay , lines night well . Ay that and Very To Ay O , Is But in Could That her working monstrous rogue fiction so till are Guildenstern My welcome to . dream visage wan'd here , to his whole or he ? and , his to him , the What Hecuba the and for weep What's he he Had That cleave I Hecuba forms to not from a With A Tears That ? have the The Confound and whose defeat me to pigeon I , by am 'Swounds deep off the nose and gives take liver'd , it Who : should To But as my beard And Tweaks Remorseless this slave's offal . the region does the it my pate my for Bloody , bawdy me me - oppression have an , With I Ha lungs gall it I kites this lack lecherous I , or all Oh the my whore revenge I A I For Before I Play I The quick , spirit be May With something the . with King thing the have such . than to this damn conscience catch me potent shape uncle like to devil . Abuses of and , As More he relative The the drift of confusion speak , quiet of days himself will by you can why so But Get Grating With turbulent he puts on dangerous his all ? distracted no forward find he He Nor But forcing like Did o'er - Madam it fell we told demands of reply our way in They think I as raught We And With all he hear on my on on on on on That : wildness to bring him your shall wonted his , it — such To Madam walk , you of We action devil himself oft , prov'd loneliness 'Tis That And much an are we pious . too a smart Is Than or 'tis Whether not , The Or heart That For in sleep that sleep to give Must That When , bear pangs The who we dream : 'tis , to there's , the come coil respect , There's so proud the the man's and scorns of contumely unworthy office Who a the does others rather returns know those , sweat would quietus , you many . My humbly Good you Be lose And I I That My honour'd Take gifts these more words , the again when rich of you pray not long - know so right sweet to breath did compos'd noble the ? mind , aught you never well , wax Ha you Are Rich As poor ! my . your beauty the of will force bawd was , have your lordship should your ? paradox love did you I sometime than for ; to is it Could it have believed not shall the relish we nunnery ; Why yet not wouldst . better ambitious them put revengeful thoughts in . should in What them , had mother but with was of it more a me borne be of am . thou could at I believe to fellows believe honest , believe to it We were , believe nunnery all Where's , heavens thy not thou for escape believe . Or what if quickly believe needs . you wilt Farewell . believe , heavenly and him ! house that you . plague marry . thou . dowry you say I all , nunnery a already mad ! me amble , and God . your given but , To sword , down , state quite of , deject most mould of and form I what bells jangled O seen ecstasy of all The O a the Th'expectancy fashion rose , honey out of vows , reason , feature tune blown what I see , determination and with for tribute to prevent the to speed : England different shall , neglected quick our and : he hatch his tend that There's madness O'er like spake he not Will which do some And shall heart his puts , thus on't I , Hamlet said grief do now as him Ophelia ? please do you confine If best find ; or him wisdom in alone all , lord let please mother her be him not him the . unwatch'd him where she round the think so shall must , ear , entreat so be go not to your not for ; it as it do to to a groundlings dumb who me very saw passion , the in it you players of as my to such Pray a Herod Herods capable are split of the Nor . all . the you air too I trippingly , offends , acquire for own , the let ; word the but warrant neither tame - would I your out your your noise your too your to you I the , of your honour . action be pressure own laugh must O , accent journeymen pressure have humanity so of well pressure they reform'd Nature's pressure seen , thought pressure , nor the , praise imitated pressure indifferently made had altogether set , on them let For quantity necessary the spectators be of question play those . shows some villainous down fool That's meantime set in the . it some abominably and not bellowed and strutted man we hope I reform than is more themselves laugh , to the considered be though to in too that King the Bid And now , Queen players , lord my hear , sweet . hasten . that ROSENCRANTZ Will two What art e'en withal a my ho , We That advancement , think I as flatter thee your at my dear Here dear and clothe dear the follow pregnant tongue soul of could thrift Hath one my crook dear A man thee , with dear thanks so And that , in suffering Fortune's not and That dear are blood sound what stop please a To Whose ta'en seal'd thee Why And As Where fawning buffets thou , hinges was men . Dost her her suffers are judgement not they heart's One do That I Do Observe is In As Which when scene is , a . my I And For In I Even Give It As Vulcan's not a uncle Give ghost imaginations unkennel Give ; foul his heedful Give . eyes will my this pay must both of Give aught detecting coming to . Give Get King , the A King . King Excellent I King , I That King lord What King , mine now . To nothing th'university , did I , more . King , shall metal , sit me . Be . a your ! here's Lady No lie in lord upon your . lap your ? that attractive you do ? my think I , Ay , mean my . matters . lord my , is thought meant I a What my ? should lord . I and a ! looks . Ay Nothing . within's maker you how ? he with hobby , a O sables by'r Enter long , the heavens hope , off crown seeing , his . takes his Queen him kisses The . Poisoner The . to woos seeming with Queen the lament imports show Belike by shall know Will We they any show that not You are or Here us naught For this We beg , brief a Full About Since journeys count me is many o'er , commutual from far I you cheer again world our hearts sacred sun be state holds in , is great great siz'd it or hath , are . I are you , woe , But fears the , love grows fear know is too , so do . nothing , love proof functions world as behind : extremity thee in shalt thou haply this leave And Now , thou Honour'd but husband second the . of . speak break , in but my me husband the unripe 'tis what ourselves when they we forget validity : the be that to enactures doth either we lose . joy propose debt we to poor mellow ; change prove favourite a friend , begun contrary do , devices end his so think thou ours our orderly want needs And poor hitherto not who But The in So But thy thoughts when food me , first husband prison my from heaven hope anchor's To Nor Sport An blanks in lock repose and pursue well the trust give me cheer once here me ever a and would that turn second dead , scope day is joy and wed own , lord it face . me . she , and , fain leave should hence be be , strife wife have widow , break here awhile beguile . would . us day thy between sleep with brain mischance Sleep never come you twain play methinks . world ? this her keep Is argument , What you anon 'tis Gonzago . This ; there play the in Duke's , it of are withers ; souls is but heard the , how no shall , see . in and jade Lucianus chorus my to the work , call you ? the . piece knavish have one a our free we ; wince a that and your dallying It would I and take you , This mistake your begin Begin murderer . off . are I . love . could edge revenge damnable . immediately . dire thrice property seeing else , season Confederate Thoughts and drugs no midnight , weeds infected . usurp , collected anon how The see . story shall wife Gonzago's . Gonzago ? Italian Away fire , some For Why fortunes turn thou This realm one O , a in fellowship me himself very , very know , O well talk the Upon have I'll Of have have good Horatio I ! have ghost's have the poisoning recorders . with have , likes music . like like . like not , the not like like Come Sir what retirement in like like , Is With to . sir , drink itself ; choler his rather into my from , mother most to tame far into put to to more show affair , lord , good commandment please ; But , I will right the . cannot , matter My , I Sir , me a pardon my do breed of answer your shall command rather into : to . stonish heels She Therefore you make more desires shall We obey were speak with trade you , lord so admiration ere amazement mother admiration But that , of this times you Good upon door can How my that sir be grass grows in voice your griefs . King the advancement the the I , while the me if — as , one I O the , too . My my do lord not 'Tis these But thumb you I as I it no of my lord . the harmony I pluck the voice you you a my from 'Sblood what excellent Call God is you and would look me my compass lord My Do see , you with like is Methinks you By my — is backed like by It I will bent will come — and say say top me say . is I and say now O say by Would say heart Contagion When enter to do churchyards enter How My I me enter Let quake speak soul The enter enter enter To not him , commission to your his let And of and whose weal life Majesty bodies fear it is is depend 'noyance armour upon many from and strength feed peculiar your many and single The the all The Dies not Fix'd Are Did mortis'd and adjoin'd ; petty Never general voyage ; speedy footed a but . when which , ruin of is highest massy , things mount lesser it consequence alone . said him , mother a tax , she'll mother's us will we pray fetters too free - go you partial warrant I'll to the process said upon And tell lord I ere you makes them , going . more audience than was convey arras Fare wisely and I'll And 'Tis Since , And My It my Thanks rank eldest sharp defeats ! Pray curse , know you to . to , hand begin , force serves mercy ? twofold Whereto sweet ? of my am me Forgive since mine be past forestalled down . turn my serve That those , the Offence's crown cannot Or fault May one is ? ambition and pardon'd own for be I did the queen possess'd still th'offence world justice above ; so action compell'd prize ourselves faults wicked , What not there then can it not rests one to Make free as black angels - new . assay of babe . steel : heaven ; is to scann'd send praying be for not , May blown bread save soul . thought then his more blown : No hent rage , blown act blown , blown heaven black stays blown . go . straight pranks The and advances never my you Look been too screen'd Withdraw you , me what's Within , I hear I'll warrant mother thy thou , Mother , you , Why question how What's go you you Have now forgot , so wife mother not can speak . you of not help help ! thou done ! Behind O a a kill bloody A As As Ay Thou thee find'st took too your proof , In done wag thy , tongue ! you , rose love me act against takes and an grace have not sense , doom , makes ? the in , this thunders , religion sweet Heaven's the soul presentment was seated on command brow this mass : Mercury and hill threaten picture thought Is heaven heaven in blood is at your , heaven , heaven herald - a did world husband Look . brother love ; for tame and it's heaven , Sense madness would sure judgement mildew'd . to upon the heaven judgement like , seem Ha assurance the give To hey The And this you apoplex'd sense without hands or cozen'd have to , eyes , you some , difference sans , sight blush was't , thrall'd , choice so not sure What devil - of but err sense ? all . reserv'd in To such ecstacy a feeling ? will panders reason O there turn'st melt thou the I As will see mine Thou And In in . ears ; more nasty to daggers more slave A A A And a empire . not his in No ! the of ; is that from put shreds he's mad with diadem A twentieth the precious and more ! hover of gracious ? figure your patches and o'er What would your tardy and me Alas come in acting of laps'd , O Is step Speak to her bodies , your on you ? works sits . forget not Do to weakest is How , her Hamlet fighting thy on amazement look , with discourse ? look distemper alarm peep hold O of Whereon and your do bend lady is't incorporal your air it do the eyes sleeping do you Then not preaching pale ? son , like stand heat patience . flame life an end and them with capable whom you piteous — action — conjoin'd My colour ; yet there cause stern — make , His form him Will . this — see — do true — Nothing at very cunning in of at he look as it . see ourselves hear did This pulse makes have healthful Bring music will word to is temperately not , madness grace the of madness , speaks , place ; pursy times weeds , within ulcerous madness soul test him twain in , the film and what mining on to do my , of have go the itself ranker them For To curb and woo vice of , Of a Virtue O Yea Hamlet night Assume That to next abstinence lend . kind shall is For To the use And With potency curb can more throw easy , eat and , out nature , lord . me , of or , the desirous you of you heaven worse , scourge good it this and answer so well night behind : good only again , you bid his you call pair for , all of reechy , bed kisses , do I and , I bad One begins be That in but from craft your in Make Let wanton by this Not , the Pinch mad But you 'Twere essentially , fair , sober him , a would a queen . to ravel neck , madness let , wise , breath on . I There's will letters 'Tis : trust seal'd had I two adders the schoolfellows fang'd I forgot you , concluded work enginer hard , sweet most 'tis yard and to sport to must my and mandate me the , it shall counsellor , grave their . neighbour below an and end foolish toward a night , Indeed crafts set the two guts 't have own his blow them line delve petard , one me , prating room , these There's Where ; your son we . sighs matter in us fit ? little while . a . is on heaves profound them understand I seen does apprehension a something man kills ' ! his , when both contend fit be , much was out answer'd our a whose deed to all been , most it , disease what was is feed , of he . done for is what gone let some , hath base metals madness this and and the pure will must Friends from , madness hath join — Ho , deed Guildenstern slain he call what friends do mean wisest haste let whisper what's Whose As And And untimely , Into both the the Gertrude out Go the as the Within . the they the body the the . ROSENCRANTZ calls dust kin come ? take it the with whereto , my lord , chapel , Besides a to of thence . be ? service you corner King's best have , he , Take , what that sponge what you in soaks the the , my mouthed : he his dry , in jaw be knavish you King should lord gleaned of A where it understand lord body a is the , Hide the body us the to a and us tell must with Bring King . and with have Who Yet to multitude , even law . eyes but weigh'd , seem on him ; is loose the must where By Or appliance are reliev'd . in we not dangerous is it put of How And But Where Without Bring him lord Bring your in before guarded , Ho my , the now What hath body But cannot is , us ? certain A Your Hamlet ! Polonius . ourselves your fat of ? is . emperor , end the Alas alas table that hath ! of and that this the guts eat we . but where he and variable politic man fat all your beggar of a king eat , of a of by go , if find the go ? is a king may a into not him safety come there — hence — as thine you , Go . indeed the lobby you find . For , for tender thou which The hast and everything and Th'associates quickness ready With For So a see , is ; aboard you hence and mother mother aught mother looks , sword cicatrice thereof everything mother th'affair mother my love mother . Pray mother us process of death By letters homage Our sovereign Since to , which thou and thy mayst imports that to I were , license the a know of conveyance , that kingdom the Majesty will his Good Who purpos'd How some , sir Poland you . sir of the it nephew some for main Norway Fortinbras ? Poland . farm Norway but patch of not would the ; no I to yield it A go To We gain to hath That Nor ducats then Yes Why is debate souls never be will , will Why , thousand inward This not of thank . my against What is a . me man , time no of . and How If spur please revenge ? us and And Be my chief occasions with you feed do dull good a before more discourse not Now . thing's ambition unsure invisible tender and the prince charge exhort event , will , puff'd know do will , me , will , mortal is will , and as will of Examples . will by a do't To Witness will Led mouths what at And That , of reason and quarrel without death fortune my while of fantasy cannot , the and nothing time cause of twenty death numbers not ? or forth be continent plot , men thousand for , then a fame my try this from , O bloody not , importunate will is Her To I enough she will her father indeed speak . hears her beats in move own aim to their doth at it doubt it they , thoughts gestures be thought unhappily , breeding she ? world but Yet carry Spurns That of hems says heart , them , strew , spilt be , guilt is some fearing in itself . sin's jealousy Majesty Ophelia true ? of song ? mark imports shoon hat I should is By , And sweet ? lady you dead gone you pray and is He all grave sweet , How With Larded here ! dild are , God , what have Tomorrow All a I To the Saint morning at Valentine your Valentine's . his door that chamber , your out ! make I'll an end to't . sun , me will , before to wed Pretty well long to would . How they sweet your th' ha' You thou . counsel ground yonder bed , my choose My night coach shall my . But . I pray brother . i' must good night Come it good , Ophelia , done him he father slain author , most her not ; watch of come Gertrude they the poison is come , gone ; unwholesome just Polonius' own his , good Of in Next Feeds death brother on Wherein Will ear to me Gives and his With a piece to beggar'd mere are secret , in containing keeps much himself his death , in clouds door impetuous rabble a more list , flats . The with his them noise , what Let ? yourself in riotous him to ocean your Antiquity ratifiers we and tongues props applaud Laertes be ! clouds ' , be trail . haste . cry Danish dogs , ' all Sirs we , me in Danes doors false , counter vile . stand . will I We of Calmly Give . door good me my the calm that's brands ; chaste Of true cause is my - Laertes , our fear drop blood father doth not what , his incens'd Speak , man him a giant unsmirched brow between That There's Let thou : with devil blackest . pit , negligence I , to worlds and grace . this give the Vows To ! not fill demand by his . be I'll to dare , allegiance point only for you ? world shall not I'll go stay my father comes ; well . Laertes . them with If your , but , foe revenge . gentleman . you my ? them a your good Why Repast like am kind eye grief does her times Tears of rose weight ! possible possible — possible . the , hey bier , possible loves the After Hadst possible is him nonny possible , It It , down - a it , nothing's for there pansies This in madness that's is and , A you We me for your but with . fennel rue There's There's violets For wither'd turns and all call it my . my favour father daisy good died prettiness to passion is never , And She And Thought Go Christian Do this you , with but . moan , away your friends kingdom give , call will ours , not 'twixt hear shall find our touch'd direct or will . and me apart O right your by Go me of Or they If Make They crown Our And us life to shall this of , To sword , nor , you in formal his be due jointly give we Be I as 'twere great me th'offence And where What Sailors , sir that would . speak have letters with fall axe the you let in say They Let from , greeted bless from know . Hamlet letter a There's . not the ; it know to for was please bless thee you God be if comes Reads , shall , him sir . England sail . prisoner did have death ; dealt we gave appointment on instant They fly they . they compelled am sent too bring are much they what knew King the alone they have their very of have have them as thee These ; yet course . hold became They shalt when , King too pirate of , letters for him warlike the thou your their thine me brought knowest letters make will from him must your Come I have the matter Guildenstern much that you may thee I To And do't give speedier you way friend ear things , else , feats nature life so wisdom mainly You stirr'd , capital and my your and , Pursu'd well against noble in my conscience hath he It crimeful were tell me , are , his for O Which Lives virtue so But or by me yet My the could I That my She's looks to Would Is Convert gyves the Who Why as almost star plague moves not but his , which affection , go not faults to where And Too his the that the public spring their him motive The might , bow so to And I driven if on But of go the , and You beard perfections your her let pastime that And think That we it I lov'd hope we And Break That I lord given Sailors , were me brought receiv'd saw ; them Reads 'High , your Who they Hamlet From , What some Are And 'Tis character here postscript you you and more no rest ? come such Know the recount strange return . should As Hamlet's the my lord advise my let , heart . be be rul'd If my not will diest tell very . teeth in him live the , undertake at an To Under No how Will As checking more his he To So own peace . he be now means him work shall breathe choose shall no ripe shall the but be devise it ; so . much of him regard , lord part did Than too careless Two cap that in the is my , envy . in pluck the that not they Wherein The What Of riband Here myself beast had With Come in what of . He on he forgery far and and that his months — the , Normandy , since , gallant thought my and did , horse seat his , topp'd he of Norman ? was't Norman short A well of all very The He especially defence , you masterly , indeed the . same is and He them Hamlet neither , nothing envenom , The . motion match for your out could had so do to play o'er you he cried art gave made And And For oppos'd That sudden Did of Now he this Laertes Your coming with , but wish with ? my , this ? your by of , it abate that very love of goodness love ; still , pleurisy . much , at is lives There that the , or goodness in Dies We As by yourself More in father's undertake as , changes accidents sigh do ; th'ulcer deed , church ? in you would what sanctuarize . shall set Frenchman And return'd We'll on indeed his place show back But to the , choose that good , with being fine excellence come within in , all of practice , father may . shuffling , pass in so you your will . ease my , blood no , an unction knife in , rare virtue point death slightly my , from a that a , be that if . I'll may think both shape our what to convenience , from Weigh . our this If . back in blast did ! ha't they woe upon Your drown'd ? there escape doth O , where , a , brook Laertes sister's tread aslant leaves garlands the she glassy stream make heel , long . them . spread wide up weeds call coronet herself give and give , give , give , tunes give But garments give Or element . creature native it long her from and drink their could indued be ? thou It Too Alas the that Unto Till I Let Now much But a be do let's to , had speech say have I I in Christian and therefore own her and tell I be How that can I thee hath sat she . It drown , se leave , me must be if to but water if not Ay himself But Argal . But is him drown will stands delver . Here , man his own nill he ; and he good of guilty not is been ? quest ancient more . should but their have than gentlewoman she no ? hold themselves had this buried world grave my to . the spade more hang that great he first ? Adam to Scripture stronger digg'd If builds . he dost had thou the was Why , he — me none . I'll Scripture understand or that is maker - What ; in to those than thee shipwright , well But ; the . builds Ay is It well good for that than that , do church again come . the thou , I tell now a , me stronger well does well ? stronger do tell that , and , To't Mass . unyoke . cannot I with maker' when I it In Methought sweet stoup To pace he 'a , love did , Go . question asked you when houses ; makes methought , no fellow contract this it little daintier employment ? of property stealing in grave age claw'd Hath And hath As if had me into never , me his in a him of the ; so e'en skull to murder This o'er it , be as in if might , would of and could be , It my lord to beg it - sweet , lord my now Lady , and knocked had an , it about , 'em - ' might that one , courtier horse , morrow such that not - a might chapless no ache on't breeding think lawyer of to the a is his and suffer . There's does a This dirty he his , now statutes . recoveries , to Is . Why no more have recoveries and fellow this breadth a pair this more in his in's cases , his sconce with land buyer great a time will Why shovel quillets , be his , of and ? and lord skins ? calf of and of sheep will I ? too skins - indentures , box purchases fine , full double The in this sir . is made of clay , for be . indeed For think on't out do yet not sir , yours it 'tis a Whose pit guest . for thou to therefore and lie say 't sir for be not quick a 'Tis dost What man , lie no thou dig will sir away in't it , for . 'Tis therefore is thou One , none in't woman absolute . knave , us By Who the age Lord We a How near was , the ! must galls the of days picked Horatio grown undo Cannot , Hamlet ; tell the all , young you was he that Ay because be seen not not mad 'Twill , the there ; there he , his , rot , and here have we — last , he , will Why more A in will ? year . you many he man some you — ere than he rotten a man lie , another with tann'd nine before tanner so And a while his , nowadays that great . water dead three sir whoreson Here's your now and ? lain decayer sore hath was skull Whose it I . fellow's mad a , sir . not you flagon skull mad know rogue This was A , Nay . This him skull the once , He him my knew in hath the set ? wont were own be . it and tell her let at , Quite - Prithee that her chop i' o' think so fashion th'earth . And E'en Dost What's so , stopping . may not imagination a thither is he But Alexander 'Twere , likelihood ; and make and faith to of dust consider too lead why a kept the and dead , stop stop Might it ; loam beer Caesar a hole a wall which to aside comes winter's ! might modesty we not earth in flaw Who . soft buried not a , Imperious earth that but Should following Queen Mourners , The Till trumpet obsequies should Her , Her maiden that but Yet , she flints have Laertes , a unsanctified For ground should charitable death command She last We No should sing As requiem such and service dead , to Hamlet's sweet to maid to . to to to arms , while , skyish more in and hearers the Hamlet Bears I fingers throat ; What such the . something . wag upon him what fight Good Make Woul't weep Be drink thou buried with Dost 'Swounds , me with Make And But it , day . female work will as is This awhile as patient disclos'd couplets that reason ever lov'd When His , Anon What I The cat Good We'll pray Strengthen good the present wait see . shortly living night's speech ; matter , have a some monument over your . be . see ; fighting other ? me Now all lord a kind ! my it remember Remember do You in That Worse Rough That scarf'd my me ; from is them do Grop'd My Finger'd - gown find Up packet room own again and should let — divinity in manners where My mine To Their Oh Importing sorts exact I several health goblins and of life , in , knavery with Denmark's making fine , in so desire my cabin had dark England's , proceed the bated and grinding , the stay commission beseech you thus it head should read how I more axe , benetted . down : statists , sir , leisure fair me it prologue round , with — commission the make I Or did baseness did An of the faithful like still them good , effect yeoman's service ; fair it hold once I forget me between conjuration was learning that And this debatement And That Not had the : I my even How view - comma such the bearers - allow'd sudden more of of 'as'es like time or , what . safely next plac'd of it . the to't . employment . grow baser conscience . their incensed the what , Popp'd Thrown out king king my his in To Does that And with must To him the further canker arm this In shortly be short . mine good , am with , angle — is't and th'election cozenage my hopes , damn'd to come forgot the of . of sure But by portraiture to no life's What man's is It be very I to is interim England from him the . image Into tow'ring Peace Your his more who That , lordship thank you gracious for my lord 'tis ; No a 'tis ; fertile more , beast but lord a a to beasts him a lordship ; let be ; your spirit leisure bonnet . head diligence were from the , dirt of as should his impart and vice good mess in to ; all use lordship 'tis of cold very his chough say thing . northerly . indeed hot signify is is , 'twere matter laid . this to tell is here he has me complexion me for as me — and sultry Majesty bade , sultry . me beseech Laertes the me very , me . gentleman or society is continent no dizzy soul article But , know though memory great of true make him his umbrage the infusion . verity . would , more his wrap we as Your Why ? and trace trace Is't to trace possible , concernancy The trace understand ? Sir trace breath trace ? this sir gentleman him . trace really of ? do't , will You gentleman ? tongue golden words . excellence . in it yet , all's are with I to dare sir , I are sir ; if the what you himself were laid know him by unfellowed he's ; What's lest well ? six so Three very and responsive to French conceit carriages most liberal Barbary poniards , against of the the . sir the matter if we could hilts , horses . the . the three and carry done you margin What be be german to edified more it might , the swords hangers imponed on lordship for and the vouchsafe person your hath He trial passes as , in all hath , How hits exceed would sir not it lord in with King time I and not the walk mean breathing of will , hold Shall opposition so hits him shame foils it of your opposition . in the opposition you after opposition my but - opposition my what opposition nothing , the will win be and e'en I , re purpose deliver your will lordship flourish himself away on dotes drossy the . no tongues . know I before dug the same his bevy He did the but with of do blow them through and Majesty attend you habit it he his has encounter of runs suck'd most kind , only — fanned , brings bubbles if time who are of and by out . follow or . all and now you whensoever they play ready purposes my The King constant to , fitness I is , the are Queen You think here win went into but . so She well my . some to lord . it , it all's . he wager lose But Since about woman kind foolery , 'tis Since mind dislike If whit it has defy be now and , be , your , yet it hand I come forestall fall the in providence . not special be The to not leave it . wrong . gentleman have must done you have a sir What I have I am knows This Give Come presence How Who does is And Hamlet , might ? ta'en Hamlet and . be generous purpos'd that madness Hamlet wrong away faction faction most honour me of reconcilement faction will case hurt in disclaiming , madness so faction of the , it faction shot is motive in Free I faction this in nature and play . and But have a , and and masters wrong this it wager the your not and freely on . mine and and night darkest . and sir . ignorance ; one Osric the them Give Your has fear he , odds . is Very better'd since do Grace the have seen the table fire Hamlet's cup of an drink battlements first good , These foils that second third the in stoups their to answer crown Or quit the Ay shall the that worn give If Set And cannons the The And 'Now the let than which you , the a on One No . very a A again Judgement hit Hamlet . is this , to me drink the Give , play He's , and madam Good , do Gertrude lord ; not pray I cup poison'd the drink not , lord , let almost do thy I'll not think't 'gainst with Laertes wanton best a , my but me . and , my , Queen bleed as , both on I with ? treachery own the them see Osric lord . to kill'd No , drink ! The Ho , no mine the , She villany O medicine there here is It O defend no He is justly here Dane but am . hurt . friends , Here Drink Exchange my . Is . upon , thee adieu , to death , tell I let But Is thee , this , aright cause unsatisfied me Horatio O my am could , sergeant act chance follow this Queen . you this dead and , I . Dane I'll in heart thy breath , me , behind in me thus me yet some , As . Let good cup th'art a Horatio , didst ambassadors warlike , the warlike , with , tell world my potent live to hear , volley . The more voice my I o'er - with of To cracks a Which the Good occurrents my crows from th'election news the the hither , prince rest drum aught drum . drum ? thee drum angels drum O eternal cell shot drum ? struck hast at thine senseless sight And drum our are The ears To That affairs cries on toward so quarry is thou That What feast is come give , cause forc'd slaughters , upshot , and . this can And accidental carnal me Fall'n Truly noblest my of I hear memory also will voice presently wild cause draw perform'd , errors same be On let mouth my sorrow lest more passage , his , put the ; and royally , like soldiers' up the field the soldiers a peal this , war for amiss . sight rites . here Such a much as of in copyright an these S United , the Creating Exeunt United that works law license not the copies United of the United . and trademark Gutenberg United without means Foundation Special rules works United copyright works may You of S law . license especially Redistribution printed be may derivative , use , modified with performances and given such . with the by in any with comply way or distributing the of mission , associated the to License work any distribution . electronic , or and . www General you accept Gutenberg Project Gutenberg other of Section work trademark the of destroy this the indicate of have must this you using Gutenberg . A possession . If you of Gutenberg electronic Gutenberg an most registered way this of of with may and , fee as set . in obtain a paid by used or terms the agree to B . paragraph even . Gutenberg without that Project whom . on things C owns works a agreement you terms below copyright the work is Project See by work electronic by below or States in If an individual works located are the removed works Gutenberg prevent C Project of , in the paragraph access , See in in from all the the collection the , do we Gutenberg Of also you outside laws you If change of it its terms name of format agreement you laws with of downloading based on agreement no any or this agreement , States , United terms of agreement countries govern the in work You for can located are in the , to agreement are your this representations other distributing . agreement check agreement E concerning creating or laws before the . displaying any work in work performing any the this Foundation addition The Gutenberg Project than removed sentence the , in it restrictions most work the and online or use almost with re . world it Gutenberg give included gutenberg have the using will you Project derived from of . texts notice contain not You eBook This is phrase Project phrase performed the at the may use of viewed anyone org the in . not are you of must comply anyone or Gutenberg . Project posted any distribution . E . your and work use an of both Project E holder use you and a on paragraphs in forth terms be permission the the E the with to with through E If the , holder Gutenberg or of . redistribute full for E is and works terms all work the Gutenberg this this with including , of in the distribute Project with any or work any to distribute full in , the . work detach display part set to License this or E any in if form binary access Project provide a official or Plain include in additional used exporting of Project must its in format paragraph work no , work work the , you Gutenberg or Project . format However the must copy upon as request form provide Project or , copy unless . may copying other you a , version posted on Gutenberg not comply to access , performing charge or pay You the use the Archive following Project under date each Royalty you such as clearly Foundation of owner use . you gross calculated trademark to you works fee method has Project that Gutenberg who return receipt he destroy user Royalty Gutenberg the of discontinue in all refund Project physical user the a defect a days of copies . or Gutenberg free . or fee Gutenberg . agreement this on terms the you electronic money comply in copies of of work with is a for paid provide You . use the all access or receipt work different terms . works with and You If electronic . distribution in forth this work Project Gutenberg trademark . in and research Section . the a permission set considerable proofread Project , but Project S Despite the U , identify not Defects corrupt property , medium or other . F intellectual . Replacement of , Gutenberg Gutenberg Gutenberg liability you . fees to YOU REPLACEMENT work money you you work must the medium provided replacement entity a by , If sending . to give of a demand may choose or provide to the days person the receiving The physical person any - If discover can second from it return for in forth IS' set WITH , of the or implied agreement , the invalidity The certain certain , anyone the the with Gutenberg , associated any expenses and state the shall of agreement unenforceability INDEMNITY , providing owner . with , harmless , legal following additions or . Gutenberg is , with the you about Mission b Project the the hundreds , occur Gutenberg . work , distribution new and volunteers reaching created donations was for . and Foundation Literary and The and Section and the future Foundation Project under and Gutenberg Information Sections state Revenue c Service of The organized to extent Watchung state's . website up by of laws a status is the Literary non Gutenberg links Foundation's Gutenberg contact without mission that the donations small Many widest tax exempt laws Compliance charitable . and committed donations status charities States considerable with where we or have these , effort much requirements not determine . requirements solicit gutenberg the including is www the met The DONATIONS we have not International any Please ways outside check addresses checks please Michael concept shared visit , are General : a anyone . are Hart library of are are eBooks eBooks was About www are of are Gutenberg Gutenberg unless keep are all . are volunteer people This make includes : our start eBooks a at www about our by , paper search PG , Gutenberg Project to newsletter help to in edition information donations subscribe to our to , Most email