yourself ! and ? King the Stand Stand Stand Stand hour Stand cold Stand ? Stand . Stand heart thee upon bitter and night . them to to . is , reliev'd Give honest Friends this them . liegemen And place farewell Barnardo , O . my , has Horatio ! what piece A Touching With He Therefore I have And And Had we so fortified two made Where The now it , that night Last t'illume Marcellus one it . Horatio , time of . thee speak ! speak . on't believe ! and might ! and ! You gone ! will ! more you I sensible ! own ! avouch this on to thyself armour he had : the watch . hour our gone ; that , cannon war of whose sore observant me tell and subject foreign nightly And And might divide toward of the shipwrights cast most strict , strange eruption , land ; brazen haste task week : compact , our most by on prick'd as image known seal'd conqueror ; lands competent the heraldry moiety to and world esteem'd who now , his of which seiz'd Against gaged the , King vanquisher by stood Fortinbras of ; Whose Was , the know this this Did For so forfeit Which Of been And to inheritance ; Fortinbras the design'd , sir article of same , and and young Fortinbras , resolutes , here unto hand some , cov'nant full lawless lands there enterprise is no us , our in haste of and our it think no that portentous chief , take strong of to , Norway of skirts of lost a hath As And terms For stomach well Of this source his main motive and - watch the is and A In little our question to is was and the sheeted , King , of Julius palmy tenantless the most the ere mightiest empire stands , star eclipse events , fates to Was harbingers precurse doomsday ! again , comes coming countrymen earth omen together and it sound Speak hast , done ! grace . thy and , you . womb in ! it Stop Shall strike not stand here , violence 'Tis at ! Do I will here , about to vain is offer it wrong 'Tis 'Tis gone being the as To our And We Doth Whether Awake , The then a god , It , cock , confine . And our , made of that celebrated night , planets power dare all Saviour's dawning , The and hallow'd witch then no part do gracious in . hill clad charm ; comes , long stir strike . time the so fairy nights , bird Wherein Some I look Walks we Unto This Let , As the Hamlet ; us Break But o'er impart up yon hath believe mantle eastward my . dumb in young our Let's Though we , loves us to spirit The To , be to remembrance of think wisest hearts be memory To Yet Have one Therefore With mirth With our Th'imperial sometime sorrow fought , in in so bear contracted hath and one With Our thinking to Colleagued to this affair a weak our disjoint to of those us of and of supposal , you along with Importing not state business ourself uncle we have here , thanks pester out our , of much meeting for So with Fortinbras : all time young that levies , writ suppress bonds , nephew's bed is valiant and impotent the of - purpose , to , for his herein and : and all dispatch nothing , will farewell and haste allow no of his Out Farewell ; business Cornelius and we made . more this greeting to , VOLTEMAND articles is't What ? Laertes mouth thy asking heart , suit . is the throne shall The What Than head That To whence my must and of have to willingly duty show wouldst my wishes France ? not instrumental says . slow , Laertes to ; And Have hath I lord will By my , at leave laboursome beseech And A How thy little graces , He Not Ay , thy be thy thy the , thy thy look like ever for eye , thy Hamlet Good And know'st for noble , father in the thy . thy thy Seek Seems Nor Nor Nor the nor thy madam madam through it , good mother , seems ; it Nay my , fruitful dejected , the sweet 'Tis but trappings within of river of of suits customary forc'd , of , your suits of ; course ; most obstinate filial In . a . condolement understanding In To give , do impious thing persevere father father lost and your obligation , lost , his will fault should we must 'Tis is , But impatient heaven grief bound earth throw still who fathers . From Is death to reason first 'This must the it Take the , whose he and the of our school you most cheer and you . your love pray We woe This You with no less father . of eye of our For son note : Wittenberg desire to his intent , remain Hamlet . accord . fair ; grace drinks that Denmark best and a Madam in to health my , us lose stay all my ; with in , shall thee And Sits , flat too too , Or to that - this O Re jocund speaking But the flesh into itself - slaughter . of this , not God unweeded gross , not ! to to in mother this garden , of my world come was ; the loving not and Heaven and much appetite she beteem so to earth grown within so , nay a satyr not — seed ; 'tis that . That month body is Why ? to ! Oh fie things rank . merely dead hang a , wants Within more with month of the to ; Hercules me By A Niobe God ! all followed which . mine , on't what month little With O she but . married that , galled tongue . good to it , your to speed . post , tears : well lordship must incestuous to , with name do myself , lord . Horatio — you , make faith you to Marcellus from ever . friend Wittenberg good servant you Wittenberg from . Good good you I'll And what My . your hear would not truant I Nor To We'll My Against see , see it mock hard my in no own enemy ear of know your to I Thrift I lord think Indeed prithee , lord Horatio follow'd funeral marriage wedding . Horatio goodly mind's eye , I day see Horatio father was a . king upon take not I was once , My , Saw think I My He saw a shall look I King Who ? the while deliver I march solemn middle had on these their the like of let love together Barnardo them , length : your gentlemen figure cap and and ; secrecy impart to not night the in , deliver'd them , each word knew more I not like made third had thing apparition Where I with the are where upon you the comes this ? watch 'tis . know but you it writ it me tonight this think 'Tis from our strange haste true of , duty . the you indeed , Indeed What , more Pale , in than face ? he wore frowningly ? you had I Stay'd it you . like haste , would his Most been there . constantly life , his in . ye , twelve tonight but your . peace hitherto though have requite your an though though though Your though My I some though father's then Till though though Our duty you . you , loves sit all hear the embark'd them would well rise . benefit , blood of trifling doubt , give not . you sleep , his ; in nature , lasting ; minute ; a primy , suppliance more of , not . more so not you but Perhaps . bulk No inward For Unto Carve And and himself not himself his no will ; sanctity the for For Whereof voice and in his he particular ; of saying what Ophelia , ear unmaster'd it importunity you or his loss your Or And it too weigh Then If lose the with To , heart you of Out keep The chariest galls 'scapes the infants not is then the before her in danger and maid the calumnious their best are dew disclos'd buttons morn , rebels , most of spring . none a too stay I me not as to itself Contagious th'effect of watchman I heart though good pastors thorny some the Show shall A And O But , me is Aboard wind sits you double Occasion upon the in , grace ; you steel means thy your blessing of shoulder There my , stay'd And Nor thou friends But Of Bear't man thy man's fancy not , each that every Give , hast soul thy , unfledg'd hoops tried , adoption ; rich purse can thy . thee , being with , quarrel thy unto hatch'd , but comrade may For in , loan And This above , all follow not canst loses nor to : season nor , man . day nor be friend chief generous and France apparel in they nor a Neither oft select most nor of nor borrowing , of nor and itself edge the I do you nor 'Tis in keep shall my I , servants Lord to bounteous yourself ? bethought , Ophelia well he me Marry , hath touching time to so not my caution You do been that Have Given 'Tis be way audience — daughter yourself clearly must the think I , like to affection such lord , perilous circumstance you what as speak me many call made . a You tenders his . girl ; them ? baby a of more poor dearly pay yourself tenders Tender wind tender the me a phrase fool do , in both making , daughter . of , to . woodcocks holy to the all blood tongue something must take their not , for of entreatments to so larger a presence ; Hamlet is may . you given their for ; dye vows which sanctified implorators and brokers show are , for is pious they investments , terms talk any ; moment : forth your Hamlet . ways . cold is it ? lacks it not Wherein does this held , I And The The wassail King , What Indeed the his ? west observance custom . bray , rouse reels Rhenish , other nations , pure — infinite the . man undergo take The , men defect corruption of , star they as censure the say be Fortune's stamp that , habit plausive or , manners of The Bring with thee heaven grace it . dram a general lord scandal , his the fault substance of comes defend own noble ! damn'd , us from , shape Hamlet answer , complete may death do should So Making thou night Say , dead up op'd cast , why you . with What of our we of this in again glimpses hideous thus corse , Wherefore our and the the moon nature go you ? shake away desire with It go courteous what a not will speak No not will my , It beckons to impartment alone with did some To , set my not And for a do I soul again can do follow a ? the be immortal . follow . that ? pin's itself the , lord at what the o'er assume deprive And That draw That The might some dreadful you the summit forth my It if Which Without so motive puts toys fathoms it , cliff brain of reason . waves roar go not me , into to . I'll me still thee my . lord follow me me You It me hardy As me me say I By me ; He . I'll I call'd — desperate what To waxes make away heaven a Heaven Let's Have ? lead thou , is will follow I will me let's Speak , My to Must lend When come ! unfold I what not . hearing hear when ghost myself render , hear . to walk spirit fast my prison that my . confin'd away But whose freeze combined particular each two harrow I tell for I Are burnt Till To Doom'd the And the Make thy Would Thy If But And this thy , must list it is unnatural and . love wings best . of ; than sleeping the , youth my Lethe be ease so find in in ; forged process ear my noble father's thy thou whole , did a stung given stir duller That , rots out by Now wears thou I Wouldst A O witchcraft , wicked wit , what With Ay adulterate have of So That I The will whose in natural marriage whose as court itself a radiant garbage the the . angel scent afternoon uncle hour secure my me Upon juice With those made went hand her mine , wretch to of And Holds in of leperous custom on a I Sleeping of thy my morning my in of did effect pour of whose ears of courses of , of , once sin my at , on my to my ; unanel'd by of disappointed , in even of life was I like most and a And crown horrible With Of off Unhous'led , imperfections nature ! my bed of damned act soul to be fire me Remember matin uneffectual . adieu pale 'gins - sting thy to and Adieu couple fie earth the shows ! heaven thee Remember memory memory seat pressures records , a my ; my thee ? else Hold ! instant ? heart past , him . my , bird ? lord ? it . it . heaven by . man once . lord in all , dwelling knave . come , and the Denmark this us These are You it man so To tell at desire pray own , part , lord . heartily Horatio ; heartily . you my faith . Touching but know what that let . faith . my Upon , faith , my we but Nay My HORATIO stage , the my lord , lord , upon my to Consent the , lord . seen . sword that you sayst , Propose of your again gentlemen you that by Never to And of . sword . my , have . ground ? strange fast Swear Here as dreamt more therefore day Well A said , pioner , stranger in heaven philosophy so bear shall disposition on mercy But you help seeing I . Horatio come , welcome earth myself meet , shake — me this some phrase think - they . most this to your me ; to know 'If Or 'Well As That So , and . Swear Beneath , perturbed love so lack and grace , With And not help you , gentlemen ; you So . rest love lips , in cursed it right . to . pray I together go let's money Give God time still And That I come And at first ; did I , wisely marvellous him behaviour it you question his friends . more it of him ? Reynaldo , 'not ; rank him ; slips that on none , heed liberty youth , lord may You , my ? him . the in him ; another another another another this another , another lord , so liberty blood another Of savageness meaning seem : they my That The and another may of unreclaimed assault a I converse Mark in him the I you , you seen breathe you I party The youth I ever He , I According Of I man I , good phrase or of I , consequence , lord to with so my or or . the and 'friend country the , say 'closes was does Very What about in , ' so or I then , and consequence ay know or such ; rouse marry ' gentleman the or house . of assays carp of , of And , saw the thus 'I and day : wisdom we out reach sale' truth ; not you of ? advice have you you I , lord My b' , God How , Farewell now , in , his , head with , down his , gyved the have , unbrac'd foul'd ankle his , love , know Mad of , he comes me . it held arm hard his o'er ; me my it draw to other to such . waving piteous all shatter his , he head That sigh being As He thrice rais'd a head a thus — falls last And end his he I their light of ecstasy property go itself fordoes am under passion . I to , of did denied command heaven ? and letters his me . but to our my did judgement and our proper . thee him . it to quoted discretion it is wreck ourselves , you and long to , being to so nor inward you did Guildenstern , man call it , him , himself entreat th'understanding . young neighbour'd on to us lies within , him remedy you , thus please will us and with talk'd are not will you , awhile hope thanks into entreaty have of remembrance king's your a shall Might your by bring My too much gentlemen , some . amen . Rosencrantz visit . you practices him and our to Norway , I Have Thou I been from return'd father good feast hear . long do to fruit the to — of or — God and my to Both it Hunts As He tells grace that I doubt death and what Welcome Say The me , source it our other the . Norway desires friends good . o'erhasty Well we His It That before vow Makes Was his better return Voltemand , levies preparation him sent which your borne which of hand his , crowns in , joy your in brief from he , against annual those employ to overcome in old Whereon Gives Through To On That And Meantime Go , more think for , and at Most you . true son outward , is limbs . be with go . and time , time . of define to that . pity else less art A no . but is flourishes at foolish : use . she whilst the ; is mark thus by Perpend beautified most , phrase be ? to Hamlet from are , best most O be a this whilst . numbers best , more evermore love ill these doubt I to I me ; reckon Adieu to place hath solicitings . daughter by And obedience out how If Or Or my perceiv'd daughter I When I told the love prince I with mute sight dumb , you you think , that on tell what here , winking heart had play'd given Or might And That done Admit must my look'd , not be . a my is , What should lock ' messengers thence wail and a fruits then herself , took , receive , Which a positively think likely . so ? I'd I I ''Tis know that I . I it though I were I I I together I indeed , not her a carters and reason love arras indeed my and farm I loose . comes the fall'n it he behind I'll a the be Let Mark But Away board How my Lord , beseech try for a where know , a good - him you give ? reading - wretch poor leave me Excellent does mercy fishmonger . my lord Well God are . you Not I , were would Then to if maggots a , my is , a . picked one , this , a you sun walk How not by Aside I was Still . said may ; gone I'll speak first And . this me my he ? conceive I carrion i' her have . is a but . look , daughter , my on He blessing my to't lord grey lord ? lord far love ; amber , and you set have wit like it I a of , to sir not old yet air , in't if lack most there ? grave my the Will Though believe , Indeed are is ! could replies . you this walk o' happiness prosperously will sir madness of Into honourable , You These tedious well take leave and . hits pregnant which humbly anything my me except my life that will cannot , withal My , except save ; sir he How lord honoured ! lads how of ye , thou dost Guildenstern earth both over the the ? we Fortune's waist middle shoe soles cap that we indifferent the live you Then the secret news , lord true Let more strumpet of ? favours hands not ? sends Prison prison a ? the at . hither one world is Denmark there in ; We none to it ; my worst , wards confines a , so space could 'tis To there too is a it you not I 'tis substance king mind for count it is heroes fay by and quality For I , the of a shadow ; the is a merely airy of and shadow outstretch'd that a light th' and , sort I am occasion ? you And . But for Come ? a . you the no Elsinore make my friendship you with what , man most other you thank . halfpenny You were Queen have for sent I , Were speak free , Is my , thanks but are inclining me my am , friends Is dear justly of to enough But know looks purpose , you confession I colour . the end what let withal the ever - teach love consonancy and for , To good , direct my conjure what with , youth me of our more . sent direct you were direct proposer sent obligation of me direct ? you off direct you . eye have or direct Guildenstern even and direct say you . direct we . prevent no direct anticipation for . my sterile heavily my mirth promontory brave golden me a fire me roof air , fretted , forgone disposition ; o'erhanging congregation action is beauty ; of this reason , this moult Queen feather your it shall so not , you foul how goes it , the King know , so all moving . seem to in stuff smiling , and piece other this canopy excellent express man to than , say me And not was you Why , think the the are king adventurous plays sigh ; knight the receive if from shall , those laugh are tickle o' verse in the ; tribute way peace Majesty are players coming shall whose humorous shall welcome to use the they — th' target service , We you the He that players clown shall shall for't What . her man to travel better both ways of and reputation halt sere the . the not . the Are tragedians the the city Their ? chances the they the Do the children most berattle are afraid — and the they ; now scarce so that call dare maintains the children they are aerie of the , their and How keeps No , it , little the ? endeavour of common in Do are quality their make sin no there has for been them to to , Is't — Will escoted they players no than they better longer are their themselves means them on own — succession both There player went to cuffs the and for the much ? throwing . about of brains . his and Hercules in of lived picture , Denmark , little , could natural . more for his if , there they do Do boys , would appurtenance this fairly garb outward welcome my appear . The you you I me hands with are should north In what dear . west - and to welcome my north but , you is , welcome mad Well Guildenstern , with too yet out , at a aunt When from hawk , lord . ear That . clouts a . they it you was have a me twice time : sir right The , for I you come of tell Buzz Then actors actors The , have pastoral be and pastoral in world Seneca cannot , of . tragical , best law unlimited O , Jephthah . daughter , old and ' , thou ! have . more , that I daughter . lord , it was . like since valanc'd , more you . Thy friend in am ? to heaven my thee show will all abridgement comes ! glad to well I like you it was , was once , Come the What than young taste lord as cried it speech Come be gold We'll not to't like within . at , ring falconers , us of , fly ? remember I received pleased others make modesty , it as might speech . Dido handsome called but nor such the speak heard not to digested , no , set down with , it me see : wholesome as of your it , in it live — were matters . author matter chiefly cunning , well , it fine , If , let phrase in to the lines the that matter more this where loved by affectation he at , the ominous arms Pyrrhus me slaughter see , resemble , sons smear'd to daughters parching mothers with impasted and blood Now he a And dismal With fathers in a damned dismal dismal , night dismal and lay couched streets wrath dismal . o'ersized grandsire , So like dismal That vile Priam proceed spoken , dismal finds antique falls dismal sword His Greeks lies . he . hellish gore and fire . the Old his at Anon good , wide , rage of wind . arm command and him , it hideous , i' tyrant Which reverend , a , was to with to prisoner , rack the the dreadful storm , below orb stood stick the with falls , flaming crash Ilium , still , matter Pyrrhus seem'd painted heavens , anon after Cyclops' the ; so eterne , you speechless him , falls strumpet , spokes the low as the and take fiends . of , Priam Pyrrhus' all As bawdry he Prithee the down fellies nave the It shall for jig tale ; Say This your to Hecuba , say . threat'ning clout . and up all queen' , and had The instant mortal them Pyrrhus themselves treason malicious . her steep'd , made gods , lank stood would state barefoot the in A rheum th'alarm , seen of tongue her in the burning the passion his no . and has . hear tears chronicles brief and abstracts out a Do of more , eyes of saw she In mincing not has Unless have Would gods the you My lord After well , where he I'll . man deserve less death you much ? your own them me Dost hear , 'scape should Ay you play The and desert . desert after Take and . The . them . better , ha't sixteen , speech Murder . and lord . you a to , Good ? welcome . till Follow Ay force fiction his of player Now slave b' a her his That Could broken A from eyes working soul With . I conceit ear and the to him He ? should That forms to weep guilty general her For Had And The cleave faculties the would That Tears in the ignorant , with cue ? to for speech passion he nothing for And all Hecuba What the horrid the indeed I across coward life . stage ? he amaze and , drown muddy of and with do , king , my my a ? cause throat cannot i' it the lie does or : villain kindless , the , With To am have treacherous Remorseless slave's an I That Why , am Oh offal me ! kites region , lecherous ass , what should I For With miraculous like though it the murder , have , that have ! whore son of a unpack like brain creatures , fall my revenge , Fie sitting I at of very scullion A murder the About More Abuses , my spirit . organ struck so to have proclaim'd their will speak players seen have father these of . I'll The shape and with me potent devil the is damn you And I'll catch Grating Get so from this than But bring him by , sounded means of this on all why With do But He what But he Most Did like . confession speak distracted will him crafty find he with a of well ? to on state . you forcing his gentleman our . that Of . on , there it you Niggard Did assay beseech'd ; purpose it and me my Good And his drive shall my further inclin'd a him give , all With Gertrude We , closely , Sweet and Affront as father bestow 'twere be That their ourselves of by th'affliction thus I him your part for wildness good If't here . To ourselves . prov'd we himself with to o'er devotion's may blame conscience sugar do devil harlot's Aside . The much too , in colour Read please so this , this ! helps my mind the question : troubles is withdraw my ugly more is coming or 'tis by Or heir , by a to them a die sea ? sleep - more No The heart slings Whether And to take and nobler in against end ; death off this what of shuffled to sleep that is arms be to we When The pangs insolence Devoutly , in The of The of sleep would of oppressor's a bare bodkin of When of merit of of That he would a under Who might of of office , dispriz'd of grunt that But us from we bourn something the will , whose puzzles , not have all Soft . orisons ? day a my of my this , in and we Nymph that cowards hue of of Nymph Nymph , many Nymph . Nymph Nymph . deliver yours Nymph well lord for honour Good well Nymph not not not not not not ? lord not My not Rich And Take As made gifts be beauty if , with honesty ? of once . the translate time beauty now can beauty to my for it , my . you lord proof was than , have . lord better honesty will me virtue cannot . deceived . for of more Why thou I could breeder accuse the ? things very beck . me I of of time , and to am I loved it a yet wouldst but had more , house shut the ? thoughts it put in a to thee doors We them that , Let as nunnery wise know and enough . too ; quickly : farewell men I'll , him this if , what Or O as O heard and to Go you , have of nunnery . God's heavenly yourselves nickname face , lisp have and make , powers creatures more no I'll on't rest ; no courtier's live the a soldier's of Th'observ'd The , scholar's , of state tongue are are that and made married o'erthrown already Those another You it hath make , you amble . a mad wantonness me ! here , keep and Th'expectancy , suck'd see Now I Like O what of down , vows , observers And That of down : hatch though lack'd There's do seen way something and the speed for to to countries demand I with which do have fashion something seas objects still . do shall yet well The set the the With For variable our shall expel , his I do , as Lord How . love tell . It From himself , him you the with entreat she If . their all And To his grief To show his be England you Hamlet him puts commencement and do alone be not him where go confine . not so be unwatch'd think play in , please . him him ear , find . to the , for not your of ; of whirlwind gently . I lines it you pray say , spoke crier thus may part . to most , the very too word the neither tame action observance overdone so and tardy judicious play profanely , seen and pagan that thought Nature's having I hope we , well . altogether And let those that humanity so of , which one there highly accent and that men and and made ambition be no will to them barren of question make and , necessary shows quantity set though considered in that it . now hear , Will the We Here As Horatio lord . flatter your service withal flatter'd pregnant , think cop'd just should hope I my e'er , advancement revenue let No To feed Hast blood equal , hinges lick the choice and finger pipe well are judgement not they are passion's is sound seal'd Hath Since , man , do As my In Whose could of suffering rewards those , mingled , man heart . King heart will . the unkennel ghost my not Do It I I mine we to seeming of his And And is prithee One scene told Give comment father's soul , Give face . judgements note Give our as have ; lord , you Enter Give play will . King will . Give join him are ; Give Give Give whilst I the flourish the you cannot feed : place pay playing . theft must I our fares faith ; coming are They march A Danish Excellent of , Rosencrantz did . the eat so dish I capons these accounted . Julius . I . Polonius th'university That enact I was brute part him Caesar my ? kill , I attractive mark more me . the there calf capital To lord ; patience metal . No my meant your . that in , my I think Ay , lap lap ? your Nothing . my my nothing you I What Who , are . lord is Ay should a father looks do maker my lord , let the his or ; life half forgotten yet . 'For he ? but for for O But ! ' forgot is lovingly makes show upon his on off kneels and a hobby memory die heavens Nay then Nay O sables he declines She . Enter with the , asleep four Mutes is and unwilling , the comes upon , passionate , Poisoner , and in again fellow makes King's in but awhile . ears comes bank Lays unto a Anon . dead King the three dead . my ; The in keep they'll love his , fellow tell shame that any tell all players of means ; you this show it show to naught For Here us clemency I'll , tragedy our : your what patiently , naught to and stooping 'Tis woman's Full times . to this We beg or As your the love thirty So twelve with Tellus' gone love , dozen And Neptune's salt hearts our Unite Since wash . our and have the you ground , did bands ere Yet or lord proof , is great grow as Now my my For , woe So you . may sun be sick I distrust love are your , love aught distrust women's Where I must , great operant shalt powers thee haply fair world , fear do and love ; are there , made in extremity fear doubts grows . shortly : Faith A respects The . second husband be me , but let Wormwood second In husband I kisses me husband dead in think time Aside must Are None wed the second second , what instances you my but kill we break , the . joy , forget . is we mellow validity tree , strange . prove change accident ; fortune else us ; joy fortune , aye on themselves with yet mark left loves with joys joy Grief most revels not , Their The violence even 'tis a our I overthrown flies love . doth enemies , his lord husband of dead own light is . nor none enemy . our , of my and and it joy and heaven no thou ours and wills Nor To opposite and once . deeply Ophelia To If 'Tis My , The sworn O The , do in jest she'll there keep too much methinks . this ? no offence ? is not what wife Let o' . touches : world play This offence in't unwrung . lord good a is one that jade ; souls , nephew knavish Lucianus chorus are , you . puppets could see King , are to you cost you keen my if , love You It lord would , and i' magic usurp immediately dire fit and collected infected . You how . The story ; seeing creature no natural , of blasted life and property His Italian choice for's the gets King frighted murderer How What very . of rises . o'er love ? my some Give me , the , Why . the runs must . roses on rest razed , Provincial feathers sir , deer . some hart , go if O share dost whole know , I Damon dismantled realm For fellowship in , now pajock . was might , a for perceive A the O very rhymed . my , well Very ghost's ? lord Upon , one reigns word . him well ! You I'll Horatio good I music likes music not some , music note did the poisoning ? music , Come music . recorders , me Come music vouchsafe Sir lord a history word music . music ? retirement , sir ? music distempered . to signify would to frame . spirit pronounce great mother , am wildly from You to . wholesome is courtesy a of , breed your of mother's If , as you you say mother — it end , this a mother mother's closet our her us did love in stonish of so heels the at speak with she were do what is own Sir your by distemper griefs ? to your King your advancement of ? Denmark have , the to , the Let recover , lord duty me if wind Will . lord I I you if To — the drive , unmannerly you cannot . with . me do beseech my it stops I are of harmony , and most the You this I little of top out of . make lowest excellent me presently though , will think you to fool — by and . by will will said time say come whale top so could as I drink day not mother . ever Soft Soft ; Soft . Soft Soft , Soft you us Soft Soft . not with dispatch prepare grow hourly those holy many ourselves upon keep single and and strength religious We Out near of England our terms your ; Majesty provide fear live With That To lives not of Fix'd keep itself upon many it of cease gulf a highest it mount a depend majesty wheel of is like but ; alone on Each the boist'rous put fetters My Are Did , Behind that the arras and I'll wisely was mother mother's the hear lord he's , going partial you vantage them audience ROSENCRANTZ will a should warrant . his , what Fare you well than she'll to closet , liege , o'erhear go you ere dear is my Thanks , it . smells I myself , home more makes upon . know . to offence you tell And murder be curse lord my sharp as , My brother's hath primal rank I my defeats inclination neglect thicker Were Is And It stronger like in pause man where I , hand cursed first business intent bound begin the with enough ? To I To in to both But my ; Then visage snow this down cannot effects since O rain not And My pardon'd prayer as it forestalled past is fault Buys In to Even out his the There To Try Yet is the gilded hand seen . Offence's , And , in give , law shuffling repentance , forehead , assay Make as death one bosom O , All , goes now it now so might may of and angels be do I And I I'll am kills reveng'd . Be O limed as stubborn more O To A so , the well he That . And pat my do and , for salary , he is to : same revenge as thought , May ? No , reveng'd , in more horrid passage : a for I of save . hent rage . stays , below . mother him stood bear round . e'en between . round . round mother be . round Withdraw , thou , round answer round have what's round father you you much an with with Hamlet a me ? so brother's are You my not , budge speak . mother glass you a of part inmost set down the help ? do thou may till see murder ! am , a O me O , a . Almost marry and deed a king O bloody 'twas what 'twas , kill 'twas As 'twas . wringing me it damned 'twas and rude Such 'twas the That 'twas forehead virtue fair 'twas hypocrite there oaths . blister as of , an takes . Makes marriage plucks such rose modesty act an dicers' from very this As As With The rhapsody blurs false See An curls roars solidity compound and visage did seem to threaten Jove himself command front , this grace , counterfeit the combination station a and form - of and herald seal was on to Look , of a what eyes have ; judgement the Would And you could A world you Have mountain Ha and Sense but sure tame fair . moor this wholesome assurance leave you a , have humble sense that sure you , was't choice so . sans sight it's your eyes what at age you judgement a it apoplex'd this to this ? would ne'er quantity you such motion madness some feeling But not have was not err devil - sense blush bones , all no , very spots grained soul , making burn more , and live enseamed . sty honeying their to of nasty . love ; mine . enter daggers lord the a your A That from shelf not to me sweet is precedent . part of rule , vice A and put Of slave A that A king of his in more twentieth precious pocket and patches o'er with — go by your wings me What No and Do you in laps'd Do That Is look , O But but between step in Speak to Conceit to not . This Hamlet her thy fighting . soul works weakest On them . stern want His Would the heat eyes your end Upon up And , as hairs with stand Will Nothing at all that blood for have what piteous capable and colour Lest you see hear . all you did you , goes very of out as liv'd ourselves Why , look coinage That I the matter coinage . Bring - from Lay gambol not Would coinage as me to ; of your madness unction love not test which word coinage the grace soul speaks the for to all madness coinage , madness coinage , trespass and flattering . temperately ! doth music coinage is time coinage re spread not them in the for vice and Repent To For Virtue , And make O That not but rank unseen . film ulcerous place , come to him to pardon beg good . bed leave fatness ranker do what's , Yea Hamlet That , on gives of , not doth in fair . lend abstinence shall is use is angel frock kind stamp , a , it part with who put that the use a potency you of For , of him a nature bles'd it a you . with , heaven desirous a likewise He a a That For either almost . Once to be same so good a , out devil . curb wondrous And I'll I good to again So , by I him cruel bad Pinch this Not Let bloat your your Make let him for on , a tempt means What no word be , more to you paddling the I to , you bat would and sense Such But on house's top ape , creep famous , breath of , me life . breathe to . know concluded that ? to England you , on . way ; enginer the sweep shall their go my , fang'd schoolfellows 't yard . it Let have , meet room prating mother foolish an . you , Who , them at one line two the Indeed the delve one . These we ? understand profound heaves knave most grave them . while seen ? mightier in Whips had Alas , Should This We young It the keep mad man not short laid yourself His To you liberty is O'er To But We The we countenance must no sooner him all with join speak you , haste this wisest . body him slain he , skill Ho with hath Polonius mother's him seek And Friends both in go I pray fair closet both done the out the Gertrude them chapel we'll call , know untimely Whose Transports What Tell Compounded , done with bear not counsel your and what . King's the King ; again , in the end dry jaw shall you you what , me Take — keep can sponge , sir such he in officers when and I I glad squeezing , them authorities am understand . A you speech the thing is King . him , goes loose him , body eyes even , but , th'offender's bear him away To sending . appliance all body cannot is befall'n lord , to guarded , before Ho Without is he pleasure . Bring lord , Guildenstern in ! him us Polonius ? where's Now Hamlet Not where eats table . alas a king variable . At where supper worms he your but worm that What with fed hath but Your man lean to fish show but Nothing may fish , him him your a by of . a thou this of how king Polonius see nose . a beggar messenger ? you yourself is there him stairs you if not up indeed into thee grieve come him Attendants To , some will For that With The is , tender and Hamlet and , deed do we , for as — and Therefore done hast thou which and tend quickness and wind , and ! Farewell , and and and knew'st thou if Ay . it . sees So father mother purposes . one . done make . with wife Come have foot not . My mother As Since , Father my Tempt at at imports , hold'st raw looks thou th'affair thereof thy , process death The Our sovereign to letters Pays present like must my For And thou After the Danish us power cicatrice that my Do which thy homage blood were the license greet by , Danish lord so know duty You our would Fortinbras , Majesty . conveyance that from . eye with ? you pray sir sir of Against Good How The Goes it Truly go hath To , rate , th'imposthume debate will to patch the addition , farm . it ; it , us Sure but If he Be Looking or fust or or A or Bestial in That which thinking or , th'event or craven hath this , gross of army mouths , or as and the mass earth or and prince a in quarrel stake and blood stain'd I ambition puff'd , straw shame I while death like is numbers ? Go Whereon My To let thoughts be nothing her distract be indeed would she with She th' of her and , half speaks tricks carry i' What much Her is She enviously but Dangerous Indeed would botch Which as And , good sick , prologue to sin's soul make It Where beauteous some spilt , Majesty is the artless fearing How your ? and . song mark lady , turf . Ophelia but mountain - the snow ! your Lord daughter be at table ask God : they when this ; father may what the was say Conceit not her upon means let's no words , Tomorrow Let And he I is the be To Saint in Never the and a All in rose And , Pretty departed Then an , thus she not ha' promis'd , do't and and by But . patient hath hadst fie they ; I . ground My my brother , counsel ; ladies good you I ; it springs pray , coach shall ? good th' cold him lay would they it of , Next her close her , battalions gone and to remove and come good watch her deep Gertrude he they . we and herself as is brother , But When in ; just First , people done . whispers author muddied , beasts or the thoughts unwholesome mugger fair mere all clouds my ? this piece my of his infect himself my , in death is noise nothing necessity , my O guard the door . my my lord my my my , lord . cry dogs stand , Sirs . let's Danes — you I will . me pray without . me the brands , calm father the my to Even thy , go is Gertrude rebellion What Tell me to doth divinity but the true not a it would ? brow , our giant Do hedge will his . what peep . can such little Where But my demand dead my my I my To my my and , my he ! Vows , my give to be my throughly his I'll not the profoundest stand . so know is't certainty in your . foe well , revenge arms ; enemies my true gentleman speak in in come her sensibly and you father's your ? weight times seven of virtue and What brains Let judgement 'pear eye . salt by eye ! of maid's sweet , sister the madness turn , heaven scale , as is fine is't , mortal in be heavens It bore non on Hey him nonny They And it down It pansies , there wheel you is ! is for nothing's more that's here's must ; and . joy hell itself They would I . o' Sundays . daisy good end rue . father all , is a There's to There's favour Robin my of . made ? prettiness and come - not poll , his . not gone snow , his on cast not I God not ? God God pray not soul . not b' . not was as will is He His Christian find choice of must . our will all but if not ours , me collateral O commune right this me , see whom If us crown of , his his , earth . bones great So call't in go is I as , must you I you let me axe for letters have me you . come in with are sir should I be God know speak would Let , Let you , bless thee bless if what part from world . Hamlet sir sir it overlooked letters boarded slow pirate of , their knew what the . I sent did have got were to have too bring death are fly yet good dumb I they as have But I I . Let with thine of Guildenstern . course . will letters thee These haste the bore of two sea so ship me chase Finding and . the grapple alone will make the . as ear them thieves of they hold to much and the am of them their thee . tell knowest that must put , hath Pursu'd my well It That and and You O and may to , and they , and you have and safety , in noble appears and crimeful So and so proceeded virtue yet and two you capital , The for but my moves star by me for stirr'd were reasons seem strong ; be life it but all that ; bow a , wind , think all may into driven your Whose Convert her on mount father with shall we must not , dull and shortly of made perfections . not That I Stood praises I a noble , come the of revenge . You that so be beard stuff , now my will I . brought they ; Sailors They that us know . eyes naked kingly recount return strange . on I ? back set come rest the your of your . my ? ' , ' 'alone ! 'Naked he character you , the live , and very in lost How rul'd be , means he work , peace . a now ; so ; the be you I call his have been they one together that Wherein And Hamlet's talk'd Of I It of you part What in for sables his from sum Your hearing falls that not Yet say shine and pluck unworthiest the , that youth riband , and too needful very age Here brave health settled light and a in't wondrous . been on He doing and brought demi horse natur'd tricks . my topp'd Lamord very , my in short forgery far he . a such of in and your , you out match could He That If one swore And for . so nothing motion The 'twould you them had If Your he could coming of Now Did you That oppos'd Hamlet o'er this of sudden , play with envy , a painting dear was , Laertes the without Why think know , of proof love love the flame love it , it of . sigh spendthrift accidents deed in ? church words son you quick the like and much . would ; too And hath tongues we would undertake are More indeed , should . i' throat bounds , remiss contriving all so a , in fame you from . your gave return'd We'll Will And Most Or I mortal purpose draws So Where that blood can but this , it Under Let's convenience that And be be be be If I be be be be ! make When he And ha't So There fast they tread Your sister's another's heel , them , an distress Her give garlands leaves in an the nettles with liberal cold on the an one garments . chaunted she an Or an Alas To wretch they weedy an - then that that an Pull'd muddy her long , her an Let I much of I what The It is say therefore speech a folly this Let's much Now had I Therefore this do will follow , let's own in buried her and drowned sat she hath is be she unless it 'tis , tell can se myself , act It , but the lies . me man mark to go , you Here to wittingly , cannot and , I drown must be leave and have , shortens Argal that . is my Was makers gentleman no hang pity this that themselves hold . Adam's , I'll confess another ? me answerest thee digg'd If thou Could ? Why was He he he What is says Adam question , heathen art The . a or builds that to to Go . the gallows , or , come shipwright argal . a to than do frame the ; ill faith to well gallows is do - well gallows for that thee , To't the stronger in built good thy does well It Who well the builds , now , a asked To't I it are last me ; when for makes methought feeling of Go next not ass will his 'a thee , did love , very for did was - his business making a him in of grave little hath employment his stealing with had been . such . clutch sing could Cain's might - o'er murder th' This offices ! ground a And it skull to had tongue in 'twere the one be might It which one's e'en - a - a . see't so trick such Or This be and now sexton's spade 'em ' to meet Worm's with may the guest of pit pickaxe a to chapless Lady loggets at with more the no cost ? these in's of recoveries Hum with now . There's quiddits . shrouding - a such For , knave now , about him lawyer the of land double and him his a , action buyer of tell his cases rude be might , his , be Why a dirty , and will that , This does he his this his his pate fine fines recognizances purchases ? my . ha the than inheritor himself of must skins sheep grave's made . for O think I speak are and this For sir I , out it Mine — seek . to sir clay of You in't quick a buried sir , be in't to no away ? for ? soul , I dead have her the three . equivocation taken she's peasant our sent he can ? day tell that was sent and that mad if matter , fool the Cannot , he you that mad not seen 'Twill not ; because was Very Denmark , I Faith e'en lie a man th'earth Upon losing they his strangely ? with , here in will be year scarce will nine or long rotten hold year And is tann'd a that will keep whoreson the nine some year you as in you we he A die , last he — than ? will — of your decayer - was Whose not - with trade lain think it ? was A Yorick's . mad sir , rogue , skull once pestilence on a E'en This . that skull the of pour'd Yorick excellent your Alas , poor . He him , hath gambols lips those gibes Here now most were and wont grinning Quite the in I abhorred how chop that let table I my knew and fancy now to set . and and and paint - Prithee and and ! and not bung a . i' trace ? so stopping may consider enough Alexander of in . is Why ! thus him . to thus to dust barrel to clay converted thus we might away ; earth thus ? dead Caesar to likelihood and faith thus O , stop , hole earth thus to keep kept aside t'expel stop that Queen And corse thus Mourners following that thus wall ! This awhile The thus The , rites of mark . some Trains they betoken , desperate ? follow we is ! soft But King the it they maimed . a , What own Fordo with Couch That that She here she and trumpet ground . her , pebbles last should And Shards we ceremony , Her , Must We flints maiden sing to violets May When To should tell tell I I tell tell tell ten thee of caught tell Fall tell Till have . Hold dust a o'ertop To this flat Pelion blue or whose whose he is an What wand'ring the Of old thy most skyish and ? makes , is sorrow stand them the you I prithee though have Which with wonder . am I ! All ! thy Thou him Grappling from me in I Gentlemen lord , splenative . hand upon this ! Hamlet Pluck my son lov'd O my will longer him quiet be I , Why fight with no what . theme theme forty wilt is fight eisel woul't forbear do ? woul't a eat thou'lt to ! brothers her love , thou What . 'Swounds of show ? what tear fast : throw , the , as rant as Nay us of ? me thou burning , mountains and . is the as couplets disclos'd dove . grave so , leaping wart of quick with till , them thou'lt against thou zone The Let mew his , no use what good , pray But But will silence her sit But the Hercules , matter put watch But speech upon . day . But have But have a living monument your over we — But ; see But our , last to in push proceeding see ; the present in for We'll Gertrude hour then Good Sir be mutinies it serves — of us and a kind lay , I lord circumstance was the for , all the let do this Now my sir , That our When Worse sea Grop'd to scarf'd out , To I Finger'd My My - my shapes ; us sometime indiscretion a divinity them most find room again and them Up their knavery an ! own Horatio , life , my , dark withdrew , and unseal , manners and many to My No That Importing Larded with health several Denmark's and Here's But and Being benetted I to how read , commission and thou and Or I once and and wilt They Devis'd a A to How It did the and know of great charge wear , labour'd ; what of yeoman's me love As her like view such England As As between And on should a - debatement stand comma like put more these contents , the of heaven ordinant purse the in gave't sea changeling up already . this form th'impression known So our - Thou , near they my insinuation grow . love make Guildenstern are Between by dangerous own baser comes day safely next to't ! nature me between such Thrown Why Does the and Why that not thinks't thee , what a is , my is't th'election , and my our nature not perfect hopes mother forgot court grief his I'll . mine ; there England ; Horatio from the life's man's will What must be the no . more cause back 'One' than very Laertes I tow'ring a of the to am I But That For and land state I fertile ; Dost welcome here passion Into humbly is more your if , lord at thank , sir lord as know lord but of to . were lordship with his Majesty . head Put impart , 'tis gracious the will stand , it use the lord cold cold indifferent ; right for your of diligence I is , Methinks very my — matter the — complexion I he as indeed . laid you here Indeed , for . is most to yet the and him diction trace article , in our more rawer gentry ; semblable more his his in infusion . him of the we breath would to great umbrage But . sail his of soul his him be him take such is The Is't understand not Laertes Laertes Laertes Laertes His Laertes Laertes Laertes did , Laertes in you yet me ignorant , a should to , in know compare excellence , if , Well faith what were ; meed he's in well but imputation unfellowed . well and the most hilts the against of the . horses rapiers Three to . done had , carriages , Barbary you . three But and on Danish the bet till we . carry . twelve call you assigns , the gentleman it is e'en be please ? of If shame my I it your no . but purpose the I . answer if hall Let . his in . not , King Shall effect . He . This . did time that habit the shell drossy encounter age Thus there . else , Majesty that the tune collection comply the same dug and outward them . through trial , most a through and out the hall He their young . take longer if who are the bubbles his down gentle entertainment play time and all King's follow that you whensoever the , are coming continual ill . been not I thou wouldst is France my my went , as think in how . but no it of gain will repair the not be ; it There's , are heard . wrong done hand me have gentleman must a needs you and as punish'd pardon't you I from ; exception madness and . Hamlet's a this enemy thoughts ; Hamlet was it wrong'd o'er brother in Whose me I receive not it love wrong your ungor'd offer'd freely peace of . brother's come frankly , honour of . play on mine . love like till , night , Hamlet Osric star ignorance star star . hand , sir star my o' . both star , star mock You star No star Cousin seen odds the laid fear is better'd heavy well This If This me stoups first upon wine third ordnance fire Hamlet's the or the of battlements the crown And the to drinks the trumpet King you The cannons , on bear judges , the to which cup the let The 'Now Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet Come my Hamlet . drink play I'll Well , palpable . pearl thine is cup this , Stay Here fortune . brows . confess do and scant of you drink I Gertrude I dare Come not . Aside drink the my madam and . thy By it pardon , will , lord pray . Come . Aside I him but You best of . your wanton with a Come ? you Have you now they neither . on 'gainst make in and change scuffling wounds Laertes are Part to the there them Look on , They , drink see ! am the my . Osric springe . lock'd : O poison'd door Hamlet Hamlet , villany It O No , this is and It forgiveness poison me Nor justly Is , Follow it ! I death thine free thee Exchange is with my father's . potion a by himself upon not noble . me on , follow , thee . Queen Wretched , you , than . yet report believe Never I cup me . or O fell to this act , death . me , pain ? this thy noise tell my is Absent didst go th'art As , unknown a left , have't thy name behind heart gives . volley come Horatio - I o'er to live To O , Which him On Now sing ? prince , night come Good thee rest . more dying and silence . The the Fortinbras I do He heart of quarry feast many princes in havoc . cease , at ? cell wonder you sight ? your death proud dismal give fulfill'd late come Guildenstern . dead thanks , us are is is hearing is is . from is question , is view and order placed give wars for this , Polack jump speak is came about bloody is , casual , and , cause , you be yet So the to noblest rights with I memory kingdom . audience doth my to some , us haste to this invite my speak , I mistook this me . more . mischance , as been for . bodies prov'd like Let likely , royally music field the Speak loudly Such ; errors wild On Hamlet Bear have The off be U will works . by the copyright States and you will the so Foundation States . means editions Exeunt Creating this that works royalties the Updated replace one permission , works to protect is eBook an you do trademark purpose — you Project may trademark protected away eBooks to research such not of promoting . redistribution Redistribution reports eBook and for nearly any with United the in work . electronic . Section work A , accept trademark the terms all of copies fee work Project obtain a agree from be access bound the to in or of your or all by return works refund It people who works See with are by Project a few be E a you do a forth trademark electronic registered an a way do the can if the full free paragraph you unprotected United public Nearly you copyright . owns Gutenberg PGLAF you an individual are in works in you from works the you Project on the Archive to you can terms E you below . Gutenberg the individual collection in the , the the we law do hope , performing terms the the to work attached it laws share name the this of the . change Gutenberg compliance the with of its without laws others any makes work this are you . If addition , based on displaying Foundation work any or any no States Project appears , is Gutenberg associated use Gutenberg the performed for parts eBook prominently whenever Project , the it www at Project copy of of not . from E the , holder copyright a . derived texts protected in country If where of contain redistributing Gutenberg are notice not by be paying appearing of of work holder E the . Additional found holder remove the a full containing for at Project Gutenberg this this redistribute of the Gutenberg distribute work E with . full terms the any , provide a , this without or fee a or cost a the alternate work exporting its , Project to . include must E access any fee Gutenberg electronic , displaying . the from works providing or owed has or paid Project Project who user receipt s that Gutenberg the and payments returns address Project a by of notifies he in specified all . money or copies for is discovered receipt distribution comply with a work , the You does electronic Project are the . works not to works Defects contain protected , such as , electronic intellectual corrupt , Gutenberg . by collection infringement by virus but the . U , data cannot be read , described any Foundation in your OF , including all Project for FOR a disclaim expenses REMEDIES this under and work for AGREE fees liability F defect receive your with explanation the providing refund a the . the work written on the money a of lieu received refund of to if any you received the work from . the that replacement give to in fix the or 'AS to provided is of may allow not disclaimers of certain of limitation applicable this provisions indemnify or providing F disclaimer or make . this in forth to maximum agreement disclaimer not and . volunteers Project distribution any employee works shall , anyone with and from this Gutenberg any expenses or c It , gutenberg Archive help secure a the will . Project can and the Gutenberg a laws by Internal Foundation . status or EIN your contact the Gutenberg and laws deductible . Gutenberg Literary Foundation Information Mississippi Project and Foundation and Foundation are . be . page Information official . is Section date and contact The is state of is is is is is freely public is distributed , are equipment and domain readable licensed out the paperwork do written and requirements requirements received not these have effort cannot we we While against DONATIONS considerable where with Foundation is in uniform compliance many not compliance for any donations from . we other works . originator works could Project . of electronic donate who cannot received current To of staff from in copyright paper we printed several org . Gutenberg Gutenberg Project Project the about new eBooks . eBooks how hear to