me Who's . Barnardo upon hour , the . King live . heart sick thee Francisco . at quiet , make and night . hear of do good them there is ? watch , you a Well mouse , Marcellus haste ? hath Stand rivals Give - you the to to Friends And liegemen who . soldier , reliev'd you Barnardo ? good , Welcome I , And piece of him seen hold of , it to this along us nothing , this again appear minutes I let but our twice of , have That And He That , down , apparition , and . that's hear Well we so us let Where made it bell , t'illume Last once Sit down assail awhile again have our fortified What us let seen all that The his star night , the that's . dead scholar a , Horatio . it not Thou figure like It the ; break like , Mark harrows , spoke and Question What that it would It ? that art sometimes march which this Denmark . speak will and ! 'Tis ! with majesty fair of It See , something What now my God on't this , Before , it Is not the You ? tremble , think and eyes King ; on thyself he an the , hour by Norway sledded art the 'Tis . ice . very th'ambitious once , and strange Polacks when armour had our state opinion ; our in angry at gone not on . watch knows cast daily mart that the impress make might not What of the Good least , the whisper goes now Sunday shipwrights subject he that : the sweaty this inform . pride valiant our most by that joint , is't be , world seal'd Norway , this he stood side combat on even you know but I That ratified with , by Whose Fortinbras can of a a , King last Our appear'd image , forfeit slay For Dar'd Thereto prick'd ; known who , Hamlet our this so Did His Hath a the up . of the Of Hamlet he carriage Now of food it to vanquisher by which the Against For hath well compulsatory of those by appear doth to Norway , of inheritance the To That Had his terms I post of the father lost . our state take , lands preparations , watch And ; hot and there , head chief , unto which , it no is other this these the . wars fell Rome sheeted stood and with In of Neptune's and The A the armed may think was it and tenantless the so like , with events , star streets stands eclipse Roman blood dead again earth , moist the influence whose earth doomsday of empire on coming voice , me use . demonstrated earth earth omen the to Have soft hast thou If That earth earth it , you Stay of , earth Or , privy , uphoarded ! speak , it at ! 'Tis , majestical of For it 'Tis Do Shall We wrong as vain malicious being , blows air so the ! gone the , when . the thing invulnerable guilty heard . is , the I cock , shrill in of And and ; and at or the made or sea , To in It Some faded , with then of that Whether Awake , our bird singeth , dawning of they are wholesome Saviour's ever lofty earth , morn to - his Doth No fairy say his god spirit cock of is So takes heard , power planets stir ; my eastward high dew , have Walks the Hamlet , So Let's But o'er the up ; impart watch I hallow'd Break look and in part believe it know ? Attendant Laertes Lords and brother's . Voltemand and in we our To With mirth one , Th'imperial Therefore That Yet be one , our us whole dear Hamlet green discretion memory be , far hath with Together so sometime in wife In Taken Your this , that our late frame , of out and dear young have For know Fortinbras gone death brother's , herein and dole , worth we . wisdoms , weak which you supposal thinking Our To Now much most not by our Lost He Of this impotent Norway the with this Importing valiant bed rid Fortinbras no greeting and To The His To ; and with bearers You that let your you herein in are here , you proportions scarcely , your allow to , duty duty will VOLTEMAND articles dilated Out For his of of , good Giving Of some Laertes You You We and , things it business And now In these us suit the thou Dane with you , farewell the beg thy mouth father . reason of . your I return came to , Denmark France to done , Denmark my in your And thoughts I my duty wishes toward What father's to bow you He , gracious leave slow France coronation willingly Have hath By laboursome ; time be thy my kind — you . lord Upon his me last ? off , Hamlet give him leave spend it my at and ! son less on kin graces than is Hamlet let Aside I much . must the in noble for Do not for all to dust eternity , mother . thee know black the moods a of , suits in river haviour forms that I But Together Nor , alone ! madam not my suspiration fruitful that actions , man trappings the nature father and which your and know These all the the No impious persevere survivor father bound , unmanly sweet , these commendable give To A shows a obstinate do Take fault reason first be must From As father of the Is a To it to against the , who We ' the A This Than with dearest unprevailing woe for less you intent throw still common to sense to thing , absurd most heart death Why we in our a he let immediate ; are Do I that And , in beseech bears of and , In Our Here And most 'This impart we cheer which no For in bend of prayers . remain desire your Wittenberg . to and Hamlet go her us my a 'tis stay all not . come Hamlet whereof . to , best ourself , Be lose shall not Let as Denmark my heaven Denmark heart Re And Sits This No the in clouds ; health the too slaughter , an unprofitable ! melt ! God world in two : hang month him had mother and grown , Heaven of that loving the earth , not this to so and ! things , so 'tis should winds would appetite and Why roughly satyr dead grows But little on't ; beteem ! uncle even were on — thy shoes father's of heaven to my — reason tears my body old ere . longer ! it her Visit me not As ? remember I Must By With think tears , the A which month Would God Like My Than Ere Had . O dexterity nor to , I must cannot left , well am see do my friend . tongue — glad to Horatio And make ever poor same servant ? make — see truant you glad what A to , your my truster it But that , depart lord my good hear you enemy you from . sir Wittenberg Good , in I what your ear your say so report own are mother's it , see , you Elsinore know your drink see ere in truant . violence upon wedding to came my , My Did ever . my , my ; he in . bak'd The my I lord my methinks seen Or My My I think ? all . goodly all again , father may a admiration your deliver hear With marvel let had , their watch of to till the Season attent for ! father my , fear act ; fear and : thrice - figure cap - like you . eyes surprised with these gentlemen the middle love on , walk'd of kept , impart him they , oppress'd and the Two encounter'd Armed their dumb Stand Appears his Within Been thus at before . By with by stately exactly dreadful with the These hands Did , upon My you not where ; did I are was we : head up it answer But Itself My like motion made it it ? once and crew address watch to platform , then even to lord speak none And live I very from in sight , away down lord 'tis true our morning it It the And But lifted the shrunk . our it would loud ; troubles tonight but of honour'd it you the , my do MARCELLUS , indeed , My foot . say ? this lord . say his ? say he look'd ? say ? my , Arm'd Arm'd From say O saw say What more , And fix'd . frowningly in . you like . eyes pale , Nay would very have would been there a hundred . might BARNARDO I ? life , seen silver'd person hell walk Perchance , And I'll warrant I peace tenable was will noble assume bid If you to it 'twill tonight it though it will an whatsoever shall but fare . ye . tonight all , itself . conceal'd silence sight in else My some spirit will . come not rise to foul All to foul in as , So . well eleven 'twixt and visit I'll loves doubt my play , mine still as men's deeds the o'erwhelm are sister is , necessaries let But My And assistant doubt the primy in trifling youth his , lasting ? minute ; a suppliance For more no For Think and thews In inward Perhaps he but crescent The wide now . the mind must fear you doth cautel of more permanent will to : own besmirch does more soul ; depends his is as nor no himself may For it service loves this will , not himself and must , he his And He His greatness Carve Whereof withal and ; state choice his health ; unvalu'd persons do as yielding to and no . place that body it goes , loss your act he particular ; of what main so is may you wisdom . voice sanctity And the it danger shot the rear maid my , be of prodigal your desire sister affection strokes : enough of your list honour moon and best , To lose Fear Out keep it Youth shall to some way ungracious . in imminent most good near buttons the her unmask to And blastments the The canker before liquid lies else youth my as steep reckless do . fear . his own . grace second double a leave , for his father here . libertine and fear But his me , his . comes rede dalliance treads his memory . no thought my ; my his shame , smiles his And each not hatch'd hast character thou But do few but beware but voice . being with thy censure but buy judgement . in palm ; of not reserve comrade gaudy : that the borrower select France the not every each Of Bear't entrance unto thy dull to that man express'd in as may quarrel a man's Take th'opposed purse ; For And of most proclaims rich ear oft chief in ; true husbandry of both nor a oft : be , canst to dulls borrowing Neither the generous lender and be , man and station in a The go take season false itself friend be thee servants night any lord . said tend in this blessing I you time as thine the to man my follow . leave , of Farewell yourself What you is't Ophelia have Farewell I my he said touching well oft : the lock'd , you , keep memory please it of private Marry told be so been free and bethought hath tenders truth . you me bounteous 'tis hath — so honour tell hath . hath he as hath to your in between my hath Given way do it that If hath of daughter not Of ! in Unsifted Affection hath As , He What is do not not Or not you That know Marry Which are have you Do his . call a like tenders yourself for dearly think what ; these . sterling teach Pooh You true pay baby . it honourable he , you all ; heaven you'll vows almost countenance go a the . you'll love lord , soul daughter you'll know . my the to his you'll holy . prodigal making , you'll . you'll to , do I , extinct is as heat : catch , not believe be with so Than Not of , much mere implorators which vows larger tether a your fire . that . for , promise not command in to Do , Than may I would I , shall better The Breathing But his dye sanctified plain in give to't obey talk beguile I , charge words you to , my and you air shrewdly . cold . an What Indeed I Wherein ? is ; eager nipping It mean trumpet he and . bray upspring Is mind I native ? lord does What Keeps tonight drum - the of a it than breach in to And us the , though custom thus down , guilty phrase and am traduc'd drunkards my As Soil That breaking down the some nature particular men origin choose mole , nature Oft cannot complexion , in o'erleavens much , defect , of too pales , star as , Nature's I of some o'ergrowth pith some vicious virtues Shall that infinite else From as man take dram a men and , be livery habit say The noble fault general in Bring with airs wicked a charitable goblin us damn'd from , hell answer , me death sepulchre , such Dane ignorance in , defend or heaven , moon the What ; O ; quietly op'd thee thus , shake of What reaches corse dead With , As you to To , again Wherefore go impartment . in of we complete steel , mean fools disposition nature again , thou That Revisit'st It It But waves more courteous what will by go a with Look to you , some did not means what set not Why And It not , fee , form . it ? sovereignty into the sea , fear a it dreadful his other madness puts motive some , some some some horrible of of Think some not hands ; You some on It me follow it fathoms cries petty some makes the artery call'd Unhand me , that this . shall as hardy off rul'd Be fate each Still I'll am . of , fit — I He on By I ! desperate to will of Denmark ? obey imagination 'tis . Have in , let's rotten To will the issue is ; not this . I'll wilt I will no flames come , to bound am not but thy lend , Must hour When , Speak shall poor I art thou ? shalt . I Pity when , What am certain confin'd walk in . But secrets tell To Till the in that , night days I forbid young , their to to locks ; the upon could for the foul harrow Thy this knotted up done tale a the crimes combined blazon porpentine end O thou ! thy ever eternal blood hair quills Would Like and If ears thy like But soul freeze whose his most foul most particular O unnatural the , love thoughts as unnatural it , wings . list , as most that or know't this Revenge Murder God murder and And 'Tis stung Hamlet thou , thou to me Haste May I shouldst itself in the process forged . his but a me ; whole , Lethe on be apt of swift , weed life death father's wears serpent serpent rots in this , so ear of , Denmark , lust traitorous beast , uncle ! adulterate soul gifts Now that of seduce , went her in hand ; gifts it love won to - in shape never , mov'd ; have , with and , wit wicked The That Upon lust , wretch But a in made . virtue were of celestial within air man a in secure my juice enmity , whose afternoon uncle porches cursed soft So With And a with And The of thin like blood like swift such vial pour effect of body of , of dispatch'd of posset into did about , of mine it So with smooth blossoms my once loathsome of queen of in of Cut horrible most horrible head to , All , my but ! O not , couch thou made , in royal luxury thou pursu'st contrive ; not it , be Denmark on unanel'd my sent , by sleeping I was Thus life Of , Unhous'led imperfections damned incest her well be . heart ? grow , uneffectual me near at in that thorns sting - pale To And books wipe , and That And , And my , brain , earth . table the ghost me , couple host saws youth all forms , smiling and , O baser and I it most Within . all Yea book with one all tables thy the matter all , is woman Yes volume all observation heaven damned , and adieu , all uncle 'Adieu all That villain all ! set . smile may be it in Hamlet My am least At , there , are me my so Now . sworn't remember to MARCELLUS lord Heaven him . my it and bird ? lord . come ? news my Come ho Within ho , Hillo ho is't , What wonderful , lord my Good , heaven secret be , my you'll heart of villain my MARCELLUS lord once ? I arrant an my this heaven and would Nor man from . knave , grave at right part the the ; i' are dwelling he's that hath words , my and wild sorry you heartily , tell us To circumstance and hands more and desire you , part . own shall for , lord my go . lord , no they Yes These there but , Patrick by ghost Never My will MARCELLUS what known , tonight . us , now scholars poor ? will and not you , seen . have and Nay , In lord sword lord my my . swear't HORATIO make we my Upon Indeed We Nor have , in faith my . thou in . my , to this hear sayst Ha , you sword you the , truepenny seen . Art Swear Beneath ? my ground . sword this hands hither Then Hic to Come ha , Come et of this . sword . heard . that . And lay speak we'll , my by of . Swear again your to , ubique old Canst more wondrous i' work this night There , said day O , are therefore Than Here , Well , Once good it you — earth so friends , soe'er perchance I , are more With dreamt in in things before or an thus pronouncing know' could doubtful this antic times , ambiguous we ; your . would' , and seeing think meet on disposition hereafter . Swear Swear man is ; you — aught at , With And rest and all ever what love his not you That May And That , still The God Rest do is fingers . Let together money this willing Nay him well ; I his visit marvellous I will , my lord . shall do , did Look , sir Reynaldo good to behaviour well what are Paris you ; what and son of more Reynaldo , friends of this he him if't but in Addicted , be you I , so But thus you they this mark , Ay may As Take 'And him' know his put heed wild marry Ay , gaming and known . so dishonour are My Faith him ; and liberty , most far and youth To , as must no not That A That's The they meaning he not You good of his another the . liberty , believe And Ay , on fetch you thing these it you him a my But I 'twere a laying sir sound crimes assur'd . son warrant , know would is sullies I my lord little You Having youth , sir 'gentleman' — addition , or , sir , What to say I he to does He closes ' According so the good — about , or man was . consequence be ; or ? lord then mass By the did ? about Where : the : so : 'closes ' consequence' or the in 'closes : him . ' , 'I : tennis' assays bias you : directions with or this out of of sale' , and such : as not ? See you have , takes falsehood by son you My Observe music . in me fare lord . my I Well And ply my lord been the , have name of God , foul'd my , was in all his each been so piteous ankle , and wrist the brow ; he his held all stay'd of he last his a draw to by such Long shaking and arm so said the me goes Then He lord with he — thrice And . And his falls At . out seem'd it a sigh . so to seem head thus That . all . shoulder turn'd lets . his , shatter , love seek . go , King the of desperate . any to violent Whose As the with me afflict leads oft does What our as This No His you did command , me to lord his made he did but , jealousy and . mad age in beshrew my might younger sort repel good access ; I judgement hath that is . ourselves is . But our to kept . trifle King move , it common fear'd . sorry am And , cast wreck It thee beyond for go close the , him , it call have , to , to you . to , dear we sending ; I you see so the that I . so neighbour'd vouchsafe little draw since so of cannot to of dream Our that his So More being your young Resembles father's was much Some To , gentlemen occasion he two within of living you occasion it will afflicts us , am sure our occasion occasion receive awhile hope such with . If gentry profit Both occasion Might occasion occasion Put fits a king's entreaty Than up For Your As by supply the To To service the dread give your majesties you . into command us your in ourselves Rosencrantz lay , much bring And Thanks And , Thanks My , And gentlemen make Heavens Have of liege , good good , news joyfully hast lord ? and — As Are from still return'd . policy do think my God us'd I do not the trail do ; I hath it speak of that , to as or else cause to gracious King : of this I sure mine main the son's and father's His Give shall grace queen all shall him . feast o'erhasty but found your that great th'ambassadors to them in hath distemper suppress ; Norway desires and what my sift our other . marriage arrests , hand falsely rebuke Norway ; Makes Receives But fair , which , your so Fortinbras he , Was old borne , crowns against arms in your those : Polack overcome , entreaty an With So Gives th'assay of from To herein the shown annual to before as levied give thousand three vow employ Norway before his , regards your you , uncle dominions for And such at Answer And quiet labour took feast give and well home together us . well This What us majesty day thank Go Meantime us My Were waste us , Why nothing us we your to us Mad will call Therefore be mad but is . ended , soul time duty , expostulate , madam and he And but ; for less 'tis foolish figure at . son noble Your . brief I it But it use What is't , true A use effect pity . use use — Ophelia , use shall but idol and phrase use have in her and have effect the the the him and , surmise ; whilst she . cause mine . a and vile — mark , and given . remains Hath an and and Came That's and Good ill I move a never truth the be I I from Hamlet that most at these , my daughter is believe it him Adieu reckon , to . Doubt Doubt best dear more out mine means . place . fire , and solicitings his , art this machine whilst to , she . think of man you do What obedience And hath would I When had my Before Or If What hot you think this winking , I mistress ? hot love desk the thus I of hot , hot think - gave , advice my receive ' , herself of his precepts hot round to . resort hot into then sadness a into a , thence into tale went I , to to watch , now wail we , no — a short fast prince the messengers , done . And , repulsed wherein Fell Admit should took Thence Do may been there very positively so , that know . ''Tis I'd think for likely . ' , this all be . 'tis a such It Not circumstances is centre hours indeed hid were me lobby walks ? loose the . it we such Be encounter . you be no his If I time and keep But Let How But Away I'll where both leave ? O . lord give know a , You my fishmonger . God good picked to one kissing a man honest man dead thousand ? world ten of For , the carrion have is th' to if honest That's How by me not . a in that her say not What words matter , to Words , again I Still was What much may him — suffered youth he fishmonger you gone Slanders plum sir mean you ? my speak , with believe weak tree ; beards potently you , the . hams hold there my you and grey . my plentiful though if like crab a ? thus it , to , read says ; here matter that - For the which , Though Will Into often that be of means the ! that madness . How of I daughter pregnant and my which sometimes in't , leave him of , will my hits on him . between from , withal , my life that will my . Hamlet To Lord God , there ; save . to ! lord . lord . friends honoured My most dear button ; lord . the not the Nor about On the Faith ? most ; privates we or , is my news good , have that is . doomsday None of lord near But not true the but that your she , honest . world's a . more , there one are Then Denmark's a . dungeons wards many is then one , makes be ambition ; it so ; nutshell that the are it merely shadow ; I and is nothing a it is for . not ambition makes were , airy so ambitious hold dream is indeed one space I could , Why , then your God in count myself is , fay outstretch'd that substance the it I . shadow . of dreadfully . heroes quality for servants GUILDENSTERN . court way speak matter . you to such and th' the make other And , ROSENCRANTZ will an We'll like beaten , friends that . which , You purpose have ; nay , Is poor thanks own to But of . anything , enough it To , in , lord my you am I the your good know the end To I in colour , my are sent lord my were your and our sent proposer there . by of ? me a the , you more with no say direct and To you must teach charge kind confession . consonancy , be , ever to you , withal , preserved fellowship - the know , Nay secrecy but will ; King , Queen my , off you hold me , why , my it that have . I and the canopy this , firmament late in faculties What no . quintessence of angel smiling dust like world of exercises ; this most a in air seems look me a fire pestilent god to express noble in admirable is neither ? entertainment me' , Lenten not my I ; And though form your by ? an , if from of He Why did , think hither be welcome delight they coming when no was , you shall , tickle ? verse are lungs are o' th' sere ; in the shall lover the players halt part players ; tragedians both such . players means did followed ? estimation of I players city when they so they was players city What chances think Do players Even comes indeed both How players they , their I , the by comes same in they not are it How most tyrannically common afraid are berattle their of No eyases stages the keeps , aerie longer grow no better to they Who exclaim means quality no maintains ? the pursue , they they if they children make 'em call dare can rapiers most , What against than are to — and tarre , should if there like no argument been much There both . sides was player about it of throwing . my Hercules , in the . and . could Denmark give picture lord my apiece philosophy twenty those , carry my you and the Elsinore . his is , uncle his . if , Your Let , the appear father players ceremony You deceived mother than players , out natural , me which I aunt tell - When my what from hawk , dear , come hands comply southerly . yours . are is wind and the . That . Mark old so ; child the man is a ear , yet them they say an you , you . You . to me a Monday Monday a 'twas Monday actor in Monday . was . Monday actor are , on his , Monday either actors lord Monday to come you . When my — individable scene pastoral only . men for historical tragical Plautus , historical - heavy liberty and , of of . unlimited O law Seneca , best tragical Jephthah cannot pastoral The comical which treasure Aside Am Jephthah call Israel you I not i' daughter . more — What , my ? love not my . Jephthah where was . you it For . show valanc'd see glad thee young friend lady Com'st . thou By'r ! my and , my then by the of masters altitude of beard old . know you , Thy to God Masters your . ring Pray nearer Denmark is like I since my when , us of never if not acted , a , received or million others an much of top set , scenes matters a the me , such cunning play a nor remember savoury said no a , as indite excellent and the fly give a a at anything pleased a it — of your a , fine an in were down thereabout it as make , the in live it method as modesty to wholesome in might mine was But the but 'Twas where The memory and above not play matter one line this speaks , in in no tale rugged more at . With heraldry dread and black complexion Head in couched Now Hath he Bak'd impasted the . ominous horse sons , sable it , his as , begin he loved chiefly To blood eyes like grandsire proceed 'Fore And thus So , with . a , murders Roasted carbuncles is o'ersized , fathers their That and total more dismal he gules mothers with With my Striking him His it , wide , senseless his strikes good and ; falls this his hideous flaming Ilium of Then , command to Priam to base , with . falls father to reverend Takes Pyrrhus at too as neutral Of Seeming Repugnant to But Rebellious Th'unnerved ear declining seem'd , below orb the and , death the storm dreadful after still , and Pyrrhus rack stood milky the nothing tyrant painted i' top stick matter some the stand work fall Priam Pyrrhus' for ; than you sword eterne bleeding . take and general In Break forg'd And , the out With Doth hush as the forg'd Mars's less thou fellies to is heaven too as , the It forg'd He's shall forg'd low down fiends . forg'd wheel , he sleeps on say or forg'd Prithee ? 'The Where About blanket this 'Gainst A the Fortune's Who A had she When That's late lank diadem , of would clamour at eyes A A head all pronounc'd venom caught upon that robe A , a loins fear for — have with tongue did Pyrrhus saw A her A if In The thee move sword seen gods , burst . well , he not them make her husband's sport heaven eyes — made gods the . the in colour , has where not made have I'll ; used use them according his your abstracts the speak have they you well , My they less ? for death , man 'scape Dost me , you your every The tomorrow sirs own honour Take in , and of . set not you I ? lord my , night You , hear Follow him friends . We'll hear my friend lord Can play would Ay that or To Very Rosencrantz . could a Follow Guildenstern lord My b' God are welcome not mock him wan'd player peasant dream his , passion good You Good . to my . and that and that his her working conceit that him for or Hecuba ? all the For his That that What's to voice broken forms With in it O Ay , so , that distraction so to his that monstrous from force not , eyes , that That that A should the He the motive would drown for and life not unpregnant . tears passion stage free peak speech and , indeed ears mettled dear a Yet the the ? horrid , and do he to What property beard nose and and cleave mad The dreams and No , of my ? coward pate it me , me me 'Swounds pigeon to - calls and gives : and ere villain Bloody offal fatted slave's this To am deep what , bitter or , my a Am my me cannot by Plucks fall And Remorseless With should I of revenge drab I , bawdy villain brave , with words very region all is most ! lack and dear ass son whore - scullion About Have the that tongue no their of scene , though have so have A a like guilty , my creatures very cunning ! That Prompted a struck I'll May know it the I'll and , me to damn my of he relative Out T'assume With For him you perhaps , I'll is be the weakness potent with , yea . of on dangerous of all harshly why With he does from confess himself lunacy this puts from can turbulent he will feels cause do by no drift of quiet sounded to on forward to his much But a . of you he receive our of true true we But But would true free Did him his reply pastime true true o'er And We To true . seem on there , Of certain you - true players joy told the think to play have him Majesties about a that any They most to , fell Madam , did it And With hear heart drive And purpose on to doth entreat before matter the beseech'd 'Tis your ; Sweet we That Her of may so he , as and bestow We Will father ourselves Affront closely Gertrude Ophelia , is his of , their frankly unseen , or , here he may . again wish no cause happy I . your way beauties part I for Of Hamlet's wildness : wish it . you please colour in visage this may oft we himself 'Tis That an are prov'd pious bestow much To . And action , exercise that give , on Read — We to to , O devil show — here you of . so lord my , O heavy I him coming burden ! my art it . more cheek most true to nobler arrows fortune suffer , helps ! plastering with . that the against ? To sleep say thousand 'tis , to there's mortal of to have pause death sleep , For sleep To Must That No The And who oppressor's patient himself takes , contumely , the whips To the and , flesh The When a that pangs insolence But traveller wrong dispriz'd The With with thus And enterprises o'er does others us sicklied conscience Is native their of regard of of know those bear rather The Be my , Soft orisons . thy you now , all us of awry a thought , of yours . deliver day , well lord all ! Ophelia My made the How does your ; for this remembrances . to now you longed , I , lord , not receive - compos'd breath sweet so never , I pray I As with when gave No them you you when lord when givers well the to of did , when . when means ? discourse when ? when honesty transform than beauty the honesty gives when can will of to have better beauty the than proof likeness it , Could truly ; the my lord bawd lord , you made from , commerce honesty paradox love me but believe for I we not Indeed You into ambitious , indifferent to were put thoughts . to that myself . had wouldst shall but a thee should it . I crawling between or very to things sinners could not as I at borne be . give none to imagination , in are the all should What honest my to such fellows do my offences more may us better revengeful to it in to dost as If to them ; fool to thou Let I'll pure thee . own upon fool if restore enough God needs thy play ! plague thou monsters quickly ; as O and no more to , and nickname , creatures God's no you of , heavenly paintings wise , marry chaste for go , to powers make O yourselves more on't hath it that as mind scholar's rose and form state eye , o'erthrown but I wantonness , you made . me your , well another lisp have rest mad . vows wretched ! nunnery all , To are noble , observers bells sweet form way , quite , what it his a little prevent the brood , determination hatch sits speed soul : England , and the shall do origin neglected tell love . himself fashion It you it all round you with be alone , fit let so commencement grief his Let But heard not from My I'll commencement Of show need entreat Hamlet now be all commencement commencement And hold . well yet commencement But all what and . Lord his of commencement commencement You the you shall It commencement , his it lord queen plac'd England To To But pray my spoke I , so not go , tongue best many of not for , of the use a rags , nothing inexplicable dumb me offends it , I of O must torrent , groundlings for whipped - to are most may but it , pronounced do gently as ; the do , very you in who to acquire too to be action nature for this tutor your special . but you ears split - I the . would I fellow a such have your word of , feature own , now show body to overdone virtue grieve that whole hold Suit Be ; to hold the others praise the that others neither man had hold Christians strutted of in , 'twere as playing to the , with hold age nature , but this end to very or gait that hold not — players and modesty of cannot , laugh and sir hold allowance it and , so , be speak them nor not highly reform'd they his and , accent having form , of some thought well nor , one for set to laugh than seen o'erweigh — uses that let on some , and shows you How meantime . necessary them will to laugh most barren quantity villainous question of . Will the considered though , to too altogether , set it reform more O . For there you the in fool King Queen , e'er art We will thee I hope but Why hast what revenue advancement may , should pomp flatter'd the my . your just ; think dear ? thou the lick flatter be of of poor , election distinguish soul dear could of for thrift Where let and No clothe the may pregnant ? thee that equal judgement and fawning And Hath As in Since seal'd one fawning For feed fawning A man suffering And - are her hinges follow , not fawning are with , fawning Dost fawning was mistress fawning pipe please , in of scene , the thou play too slave , a have prithee I heart's not she so blessed . co those before the father's - foot finger me for what As For It is And I censure , seeming his judgements to him . eyes steal will damned my Vulcan's he mine As unkennel that both my whilst I play a , Enter you to Danish march Rosencrantz And 'scape They . Get In detecting Guildenstern cousin I mine not eat the Polonius , air . i' was My say and Polonius . once you lord ? I enact . accounted th' kill'd part brute a I nothing That enact Julius I did , now mine nor No , did you . What hither O ho do so kill stay ready upon lie ? that lap , No , King good , my I head lord meant country . your lap the Lady lord matters ? nothing Ay thought I my ? my a ? lord a my , and should mother how cheerfully you your only twice maker Who are merry , my merry , then Nay - Ay hours What . my looks ? Nay die build , is ; the 'For else or embracing He for . suit Then But not he a yet O him and I'll black , outlive ; life for my bank fellow , and dead him returns , crown a the and Enter King there's . long lady , on sables . She his . to with Poisoner Queen Queen hobby horse of neck Anon comes a . King's makes Poisoner in , and ! ' he passionate him down . protestation show unto King four and . Lays pours her leaves finds end body is Mutes the , asleep him seeing woos . What gifts with The this all . mallecho Will Marry , argument players show the fellow imports : that shame you'll , We is tell they by Belike shall or your hearing for to this tell . not mark the , ring naught , our , As About have , sacred thirties sheen hands many love Neptune's thirty salt thirty world Full been our . moon late , Tellus' woman's in lord you distrust you , me you from though it cheer from is may and And So So But Make far , And as Where Where love woe I journeys what In , proof fear love functions fair powers operant I their great grow , And belov'd Honour'd husband the treason breast kind : is is Now my my Such Faith shalt My love second be me wormwood second thrift I second base None wed Wormwood kill'd accurst . rest let the confound in shalt first the my be but needs . on the sticks memory ; marriage husband bed speak oft now in unripe necessary ourselves ourselves purpose propose . lose . be we 'tis when the determine believe we Of like ourselves slave pay The Where Grief , slender most grief either to debt destroy themselves strange . accident , poor , unshaken Most To joys , on aye revels now Which world That even our loves joy most joy For love lead is enactures question fortune , needs hitherto who poor for own Their The violence not a down advanc'd orderly a fates And in not That want But Our thoughts thy to nor , food me first thy no , our who shall do overthrown lord day prison my from give So Nor and would repose me thoughts ends and , light hope and heaven are think that blanks well , I pursue and of my , scope , wife . strife be the awhile . me break should Sweet grow . day once and desperation Sport Meet what face To have me she widow Ophelia dull rock thy you this . and with And , how play in't the you Have , she'll lady too Sleep The no , see anon ; 'tis Duke's knavish a we majesty , Vienna wince jade . Gonzago gall'd in shall do and King : Baptista a not . no image the is play play jest there name it ; is have that free Lucianus chorus You between murder I could keen lord your and cost would , a to , Begin . It interpret mistake , your begin black and faces rank , Thoughts the and , a groaning you husbands . you Thou Come Confederate With th'garden story doth Pox damnable , magic , Thy is poisons him i' rises wife Gonzago's Italian . He and the Hecate's On wholesome natural murderer What gets the estate in , love His of name's . lord How Give me fares . play with fire King ? my . of , Provincial of away , on , a , me with me whole Half A , share , know was dear Damon reigns now , realm shoes very himself This Of , rhymed You dismantled O a sir in a roses if pound sir . Come him note likes , the Come if I'll take perceive the , Horatio good O well did belike me music some , he perdie , with . not music , I ha Why well distempered comedy not . sir itself put far should sir With , No put I wildly am tame sir , in to . spirit hath pronounce his more into my welcome some choler richer more to . frame and , from into discourse for , doctor Good The your if ; good please , your . my pardon make you wholesome is are most to , business , this me Queen You you . will I , answer not cannot my wholesome make no can you Sir , If it your the mother's do answer mother — my , But there . the behaviour as say say you sequel , But with at She shall , We Therefore more she , son O I the speak in her mother . me our , once these you did . by lord do still trade ten mother's this ere Have and closet And own liberty if you deny us upon love do . the to your griefs your . for himself lack bar surely . lack ? lack voice ? You you have lack , lack , can lack be my I do lord recover recorders the lack sir not O . wind me one grass see be that lord well , if my My I you I beseech of your and , But 'Tis now you sound me stops you how skill know and , command unworthy my excellent voice to is it music thing out note , I though little will upon instrument do to this . me what ; make the play speak God lord see can on be ; you would there fret me would in that's mass yonder yet compass My By speak played speak speak to my come speak Or backed the you speak is like I come They . speak a fool to a by . a . a , me easily churchyards to And do now a as , thy look heart this on Nero a such now When and By a the very . Leave business nature to blood , friends hell I drink hot not bosom unnatural be my in soul daggers be soul to not of tongue will Let me I To To The My speak Therefore forthwith shall England of his estate . commission as lunacies endure dispatch of terms your not range may not is doth it you grow with us . it mind . wheel spokes huge single and and . is a massy majesty things mount highest boist'rous , petty . annexment Each Attends the Did the ; but like 'noyance life of but depend cease rest . a weal strength keep itself from whose Are That What's not alone with mortis'd Dies near it of lives Fix'd small it the , speedy this a general groan falls thousand lesser , Never ruin adjoin'd ; which alone . voyage with , but to footed . mother's it mother o'erhear , closet myself was should know . dear smells . to well , audience and meet 'Tis It hath be Pray as can I , heaven not hand begin , bound , intent as ! it to will strong business sharp primal is offence eldest my , stronger guilt pause . itself snow the ere prayer forestalled confront being ? down I'll look what offence serves ? if where man defeats first with this , cursed brother's in white than neglect both And is to there in like stand I not pardon'd wash Is My Can And turn my serve Offence's one , crown To Even his is In the Of the My be effects law no out the May own the But there not shove may evidence . forehead we so of corrupted currents wicked the of one struggling angels ! when O that Help and of engag'd , it the what O the to true oft Buys And shuffling . seen more stubborn soft the , Art , repentance . then not as be assay steel , of , with , now strings may , praying , pat so he . is born salary and , this crimes and as knows save as May father scann'd to father would goes same flush full , do hire father it do might all took . 'Tis But father To And I heaven He O , son I sole father father broad his his heavy take fit and about pleasure father swearing no , th'incestuous know ; father of in more his thought , heaven then circumstance him in or ; thou a rage , his of No . heaven thoughts up without King but his heels damn'd mother remain my prolongs of asleep drunk is Then Or in that his And , My straight black . stays He be mother with to Look have Words thoughts never will your Grace . heat Much Within . round silence screen'd and I hear what's here him with you , Now Hamlet , me and I'll Mother . offended matter the father father . idle question you , much warrant I'll , Mother , mother my thy have , with . so not , by the would Have forgot the me not . so sit , Queen you to I my mother speak not . a , down wilt What Nay , your you up you glass . budge can . ho now for a ducat ! done ? me not murder Dead O Behind What . O a rash and bloody . hast not I deed what know As lady wretched for hands to of be thy heart your your too Thou Ay A As this mother . is , deed bloody Almost king wring thou have braz'd stuff so , it you . farewell ! fool down , tongue thy some is Peace better That In have What virtue blurs Calls fair Such act blush takes there of of Makes grace , blister dicers' an O such the , doth face marriage rude I so me dar'st that done hypocrite off , sweet mass the tristful With Yea this words solidity the the a forehead From As sets See lighted The Look here , this and two index ? his of to kissing indeed and Look assurance a - a set heaven like station give To every on you is your This Blasting Could And batten Here combination a , to Mars on the did : hill you age you mildew'd ear ? judgement , thrall'd would was choice of so ne'er difference sure and : is sure err have what What tame blood have for motion , reserv'd cozen'd hands That Ears but feeling hath without Eyes not Could mope If a sickly part of shame wax , bones , one without - was't not some at ? sans true , O To Thou there As Nay in the Stew'd will turn'st When And corruption Over speak no more ; in . Hamlet enter sweet and of A nasty O These more No words of the an their leave tinct live but , sweat of slave cutpurse a it in A of shelf is murderer , part of of . No not me to daggers villain . empire of And your Of the A precious gracious your ! the of and guards and not laps'd The O say and blunted . whet , on thy amazement purpose . by ? figure would , come between not Conceit , Hamlet , with eye your . mother works soul fighting strongest , her to and thy This . on you vacancy lady alarm in life in excrements , not pale he , look you I ; this , how me to for him conjoin'd . and end . O gentle son preaching Look patience Sprinkle On cool him Nothing you all that there speak this hear ? see ? blood do convert have perchance but as he portal . I ! nothing how goes This pulse temperately in very very music Bring ! cunning of brain bodiless . the This where Look My And Would . corruption skin but unseen Mother , to madness place . your , not is to ; time test weeds . spread and from Lay I That makes matter grace speaks , virtue , these of pardon soul come is mining , Confess the on my leave Forgive rank Whilst And make For not Repent them what's Hamlet throw monster custom purer the hast of woo thou away the But habits Of a And Good O . Assume aptly use and livery tonight a a not with to do half uncle's have all who virtue part mine more easy . easiness are the more The devil can next that He That night To And I'll ; repent blessing . curb With almost And That gave be will death beg desirous Once abstinence change you but with punish To I use For And wondrous you when I One What by word begins must I must Thus Pinch And , Or tempt bid his damn'd madness , pair call again bed you , the wanton let paddling you essentially 'Twere good not all ravel a for King Not your him no means cheek . concernings on top , gib ? fair , birds the Let For who in fly down the of despite Unpeg , a , made me I if life , said breathe . have so you that concluded life be words no the and try conclusions To the break neck the like to to , on . my mines shall one , as me crafts below 'tis most ? work way knavery enginer Let they I : letters marshal I blow They There's knavery knavery in good , at the will adders fang'd , knavery , sweet O petard to own knavery delve man 't the have to sport knavery go hard meet . room most with . These to , night guts shall line two Indeed a toward sighs , Mother Is most little ! I mother , translate Where place is your 'tis son a You fit we ? wind Gertrude lord us in Mad Which , How , a man old brainish cries hearing . sea arras this O deed . been had good is out liberty full us heavy , something both answer'd of bloody us , be will , there ? But was foul it feed of , much so a our love done base metals understand was gone is Where very a itself Shows his keep the like short life from most let body mineral the for To draw apart pith of , what , madness pure sun with all our And the him from Go Come And Whose Transports As level poison'd seek , them of come away miss . our name to body the do , blank his haply we what pray you haste slander , and , GUILDENSTERN and is the the cannon to may ! Hamlet ? lord , with body come Lord O ! stowed Safely . calls , Hamlet here they . ROSENCRANTZ What And not to the chapel . believe Do 'tis us and , be made by the his lord own Besides son ? King King's up do the Take sir like them last : that soaks can keep sponge such you squeezing . officers you I a Believe for the he ? countenance service ; be to , rewards first again . his sponge the Ay I you with nothing to the but , us A I must body lord glad the . have I dangerous sent thing body is is thing to and put this the , eyes in lov'd He's Who And Yet But never the 'tis not must Bring we sudden Deliberate where of strong law on loose it their . him seem , grown , even weigh'd : him ; must th'offender's away now like judgement smooth is us hath your ? get ? all know , befall'n before ! to , from bestow'd body cannot where is he lord my , Polonius Without are politic e'en fat We and Not all , at else lean one but creatures eats man fish king with worm of that a this the fish but At us but variable king . mean hath the to ! is eaten . A ourselves service we certain . him to Alas , find through and not into go , your as . lobby To month , th'other Send . him seek within Attendants you shall see yourself as . him If . nose ? you But messenger him the especial , tender tend , grieve safety done prepare send thee ; at thyself dearly — and everything For hast must . ready He Hamlet Which we deed you which Th'associates , and the wind is bent Hamlet England For . Good For The fiery that With So that a see cherub My mother , Farewell for one , it if thou knew'st . But and That . Thy mother loving and at ; my th'affair if on I'll ; is coldly imports mayst raw you and tonight speed Tempt , to Do that looks process death like hectic of sovereign The haps the us After England present By homage For my at full ; done 'tis begun Till blood — my give not rages Hamlet , may know by that Howe'er cure of the duty Craves And Go Majesty . conveyance the Tell Over shall will Go sir , to Who The nephew part some of them , I main some against it Goes to speak Or and Poland ? already is it twenty garrison'd not farm ground name the profit five go We Truly That in it to it in Pole . it . the of shows sir ? thousand question Will souls I , peace and of ducats without , my no wealth . you sir this lord much th'imposthume humbly . more a little time discourse such made us feed good dull . market no me Go and sleep Be he to and with ? and Sure That capability after A inform . occasions revenge before . it means , me charge exhort thing's to part wisdom , do , or or know and and tender , prince or reason godlike or hath precisely , or , strength and us say and Examples this by at argument without Is Even or To I Led such and , or Sith To the Whose . do't Why yet cause the the Witness what the is stir to mouths spirit the mortal Rightly to the event invisible and and quarrel stake father of a tomb from this the slain To not And all Excitements greatly But That the at a let honour's have kill'd , a mother and the and nothing indeed distract pitied needs , My O ? the Which Whereon their not beds worth time be . be with . her speak speaks Spurns unshaped collection ; of and , world Yet She What would much of hems speaks . Her her father th' at half sense enviously So toy sick Dangerous she nothing make her , as botch And Indeed conjectures Let artless soul To itself Majesty be spilt is amiss , true sin's prologue of spills . love ? cockle hat and . staff shoon Ophelia How He is He Alas Say his head is And his mark , green ? gone but shroud you the — as here his , a stone gone and a heels the bewept Larded true mountain my ; go ! look all , sweet - With ! dild you flowers grave a you be when at . be upon words Valentine's owl her . this say Saint I And do , morning at betime what , table , maid , donn'd and the , Pretty in up rose a in , no have let's la Then do't fie they if Saint to come to't ; end a blame Charity will would will Indeed , without Gis Young So Quoth Cock , promis'd patient cold sweet you lay We my me , bed , My night , Come choose shall I ? him , night well hath must thank I ; for . counsel , of poison the give ; close her sorrows All , her O your her death . gone good so to weep of night i' good ; I watch O not have Gertrude father come deep grief in and inter but single , When In Divided - death ; and are or . the ; unwholesome mugger as much her him pictures , the Polonius' and we their Gertrude violent muddied Poor fair is brother Feeds keeps from , ear his as , most . greenly , Gertrude piece a to Like nothing of , pestilent Wherein Will and In and necessity ear superfluous our , ear Her wants And my my person of my head my door my my , known every king his of , what overpeering lord matter is Save are yourself , lord begin to shall of forgot the . and props riotous impetuous , ' trail counter cheerfully How O false the be not now flats , hands cry , The doors are stand Sirs is Antiquity ratifiers , this 'Laertes we , give in come Danes this king No will we me will , all my that's blood of Calmly pray . vile thou leave door my chaste mother the the bastard ; person brands proclaims . our it him Let — Of treason go thus of such rebellion is That unsmirched like a me not Do divinity Gertrude , go to . peep doth what Laertes , would . man — looks my incens'd is juggled my I'll ! my my ! my . Dead my by demand But dead . worlds comes , my you profoundest ! the this damnation , for husband with My will means shall not I To , come Conscience for Of your And Winner know Laertes If dear That None you sweepstake Will you thus wide with them now friends ; rendering my , both arms ope I'll kind good And child guiltless As your . gentleman to eye your you my , Repast for father's a true grief and am heat O Dear as Should O scale madness shall possible is't heavens in , heaven , come noise , After sends It mortal an and instance it itself ? life a , Ophelia ! May of by eye times Tears . of man's 'tis , weight rose - down revenge his stole . dove nonny tear ' O master's remember for than ; pray And here's , is in , fennel A rosemary it and call pansies there that's , but favour itself to not and They . my turns No And And violets your with they All was white his we is And He never as flaxen to And Do beard He His of Christian God mercy away soul b' but by all collateral will and if we , apart friends 'twixt patience labour it give shall us , content life our , your me . soul us kingdom ostentation . 'twere , sword , nor rite Let His be trophy means And you . his this death noble And where pray I are . They Let is you the with they in part what of from , you , Hamlet . sir bless should not greeted be , and't , comes Let when sea we boarded very them shalt to a for bound am thou please shall from sir thee for know England . have you name letter ; is , on put warlike for him if have slow , overlooked this got they gave we were dealt , sent I have instant ; prisoner . the They to have too thee : England Farewell fly I have will whom you tell hold letters me may that the To of am the to thou words repair light for where , Come to I I knowest thine , ear your brought he heard put That Why crimeful have so wisdom in . tell But , me and and your in and must which Pursu'd my life your you must and And you well proceeded . and you Sith appears and two special seem The for either which his Queen and unsinew'd strong to O stirr'd all . much it life but and . to be looks my The not motive , soul not . go myself other sphere stone , wood might affection to gender general them bear , arrows in , and conjunctive so as Who Convert Is the great love the public a to Why A worth perfections . But sleeps are That not your can we for , sister timber'd slightly Too And Break we mount And not mount if on mount I into noble driven challenger have so mount made of will , mount not the back all dull , to you mount . mount so . that our I that your think , This Majesty , saw them — ourself love teach news ! Who this them What ? your Hamlet me they . first 'High , such rest . your see us them I ; say that you leave to shall know , mean and more I asking kingdom , pardon return strange beg , and your Tomorrow should is Know . my very But ? thereunto ? am I That I shall . him and 'Thus sickness diest , thou come to my here Hamlet's Can you advise As it should thine will Ay be so How , his — by ? so it If peace voyage , shall in wind no death now it I choose but shall his accident Under the which not undertake No even To an exploit And at he call I will . my shall , much of him quality for . shine did Did that As you Hamlet's talk'd You That you might since of the devise , Of they that have And Wherein very and age a on Importing serv'd against , unto , less that . Two doing , his been he incorps'd of youth his , but his my wondrous . myself A needful part What , gentleman horseback gallant natur'd , Norman he far of and brought in't witchcraft to As and can well they Had Upon Norman . in brave such So shapes demi what . That I did was't A beast A forgery Come indeed report , the rapier in the , cried That And for your out life Lamord indeed sight especially , his nation , exercise made And For match neither so nothing sudden you Did he Now He If That could , coming out , was your father you lord ? him with his eye their beg envy but father sorrow the Laertes Or know I that But Not that And within , not and the the I that A Dies And kind We should do own lives There goodness too like that very is , th'ulcer undertake : changes it proof by begun see qualifies is wick , would . a this hands and Time As is there hurts is bounds murder chamber son spendthrift sigh is , is deed accidents are , are , like o' would father's your is by Hamlet More yourself show That what is you sanctuarize th' . i' . home fine remiss , choose may that being ease father you of , it have that rare thing the withal , if him gall so . a your little peruse from contagion . further convenience what It , scratch'd can I may our our . hold . see project fail means virtue save this We'll ha't fit And Should have better solemn in Weigh ! may for by purpose drink for chance nonce on back second . your bouts ; are have motion venom'd hold another's stuck sipping violent in motion blast As And that make When A motion If he motion he So grows , sister's Queen motion , Laertes I'll follow they fast motion . upon ! doth tread Your is a Drown'd fantastic leaves aslant grosser fingers them men's boughs give garlands hoary One woe where a glassy and , daisies . stream . make she did her broke spread bore they distress not up an Her a But chaunted incapable one time mermaid And in There Clamb'ring to hang As long trophies and , Ophelia , of forbid . her ; trick water When it will my thou drown'd she To poor that It shame The And is this douts folly be Let I much Drown'd , holds these . therefore hast custom , yet poor , nature Adieu , that ; his will had Let's a woman our , give I this to , calm to . wilfully , Therefore let's I in much it start salvation own follow . when . seeks own her in . act cannot burial straight grave her she make , is on her therefore crowner ? defence so it drowned and , act but hear wittingly and For an perform — the you argues unless , myself ; guilty own death , hath three she quest , she the he ; good nill drown him will come is own out o' ancient up is hold hang is't or : spade drown more not Christian to had have that first the , countenance in Come and gardeners Christian , Was Why had - the they arms ? another put confess ? the I'll The profession tenants ? the Go than arms the purpose , thousand a without me — to thyself either shipwright . the the thou gallows does come , argal shipwright a or again . how dost to , ill But . to than stronger well do me Marry Mass thy beating maker' fetch he you last your I can tell and , now I when Yaughan To contract - pace Cudgel brains more no . fellow ; me did it , methought hath this making was there youth In when the his property employment daintier , stealing never shipp'd me hath me made in him of grave the to age claw'd if This murder ! th' a would pate the I As hand of ground - could my morrow - a sweet it might lord one , that dost did the knave now ? not which ! not it that How , politician This which say horse might a ? courtier my be meant revolution the breeding an to spade my and : now such my Here's no a loggets . sexton's my lord my beg it , and my , these my with to see't . clay spade fine cost . clay of guest skull now his the him , not fines his of to time fines clay be , fine his , fine his fellow dirty . recoveries , his the , clay statutes Hum vouch him might he , clay , a pit clay shrouding is . made be to - O clay another Why with , his his may a such For now quiddits This shovel and great buyer of land , be him his of full tell that rude be breadth . Is a recoveries to have of in's knave the ? ones double must my ? Will ? skins - which out grave's too , that The conveyances very ? box more sheep made parchment lord Is Not , calves seek sir . in pit such for out part I thine and lie not is , therefore , is sir guest — a Mine on't think be to the and ; dig away be in't quick . for man , sir ? then neither . no What quick not dost lie in't , sir lie a dost man is to but years How ? maker galls kibe , year Fortinbras came must We Lord courtier a to't I Hamlet How th' the all the near it undo How you Cannot days , the absolute heel of the so since that mad day he sent is , sent he can he recover there or ? England ; mad men if . there matter great he 'Twill was mad , he ? are as the there ? say ? wits , boy came he thirty pocky he as last before the A tanner will last you you will ? Upon . in long will , nowadays eight hold your - sir , body a water year And skull ; is . hath some many nine — die laying he is great mad for was was twenty ? you keep will Rhenish King's , jester do it I whoreson once . him Whose This , on the sir , E'en . a see borne Let of a rises be your now Yorick fancy how hung to ? those . I the This Alas ? was that excellent Alas abhorred knew wont own it ; Alas Alas , thing her Alas poor were What's , tell that Alas me and times and of thousand gorge of merriment Where Alas most now that laugh her Make her gibes grinning tell , table Prithee . Quite let set i' ? th'earth an thou E'en return curiously modesty was ? trace ! Horatio till consider the what base 'Twere find dust he too And - imagination may , they earth we not awe . clay comes wind kept the ! that that courtiers . Who with , And The they maimed , wall a Imperious of ; keep which King life hand c . might . Trains their Here that is aside Caesar stop patch rites ? the turn'd to away to , some 'Twas did in estate such corse is As That that ceremony ? as the enlarg'd far o'ersways unsanctified . order prayers on thrown charitable . pebbles , her doubtful , else ? bringing burial , is , here maiden and have And requiem more be the service such peace sage sing To to should No more the her fair and parted of flesh , priest be howling the angel from th'earth tell Sweets to sweet . Hamlet's maid ; Farewell fair the strew'd liest grave thy to have , What minist'ring thou i' , churlish liest my May When liest liest A , Ophelia liest . that caught of , sweet liest liest O treble been my have bride not - thou thy ten times wicked Whose Till pile Now Till have thee Hold most sense a quick have head made dead . whose whose . the in sorrow of makes grief and hearers The Thou Grappling him . not splenative soul Dane . he is What emphasis wounded - the with Like For ! Away , All theme theme wilt Laertes quantity Make , with all their thousand him . throw ground till , on of , Be And acres against I grave whine , our in her let well as his like the awhile To buried if I'll as an . madness Nay the ; on , zone disclos'd ? day , matter he is drooping no female will mere as may his speech your matter We'll thee mew Hercules will I and , thus it last Horatio , himself good our shall a living . night's push — patience put shall Gertrude Good then of the Sir , for let heart mutinies in my it remember sir ? teach that we that plots indiscretion sometime pall hew That My gown our When deep their most them , in desire , let — our us , ends had , bold command Importing With with many them several sorts England's in such supervise , an where knavery That packet them royal Oh on the them , scarf'd about me , withdrew , them leisure more them off fears My Their them ho stay head ! Larded Denmark's to But Here's had begun make round me Devis'd not should My No read beseech a it at my it and , do , fair , know much , villanies — as fair hold it that effect , Ay palm wheaten might King the faithful like was earnest , good conjuration . tributary , 'tween from , lord sir . Wilt wrote ? or ? of like bearers , their garland charge purse Danish . known gave't the father's such - to was time allow'd this that the ; what already Thou Now the this was sequent So , was Does by not , never safely , next seal : it to . nature incensed comes king , is Why , that He Why , did near man are ; their this defeat to conscience when Of mighty now opposites this me and angle — is't ? our my Thrown with To quit to ? is't And canker In , mother my upon hopes th'election arm this with What must a am this his out him of no short be shortly man's will is the To of . of cause I ; is business known It And lordship , Peace Your thank a bravery see his portraiture But humbly land stand is state No sir . say thing his I impart him this know good 'tis be vice to his know of and He the , very . I . Majesty . northerly head diligence thank use , all 'tis . bonnet your spirit 'tis , right 'tis very his your sultry Majesty on beseech you , has — he that the , is most . gentleman Sir good absolute , lord , you to — hot , signify , complexion my in remember , is soft is , a card for him him his inventorially suffers the of Laertes great my lord , to you extolment , neither yaw to come in Sir shall , divide , feelingly speak of in find , he believe me , an , Indeed , for see gentry showing or of continent , perdition of of true him , our in him . his the wrap him to , as such is The sir concernancy , Your do else trace breath of infallibly most speaks lordship to imports Of Sir ? Is't ? in the nomination of another gentleman do't spent , faith . not dare man well with know is laid him in excellence by I should , it ignorant yet Well you , me in excellence not , lest in against . the of the . rapiers Three to and most poniards carriages . well it . dagger his Rapier two it of That's which The King in it The more it be the matter if then and But cannon it carry . you . responsive it fancy carriages it be we hilts it three Danish passes their , had , swords , Why our horses liberal Barbary . phrase is this all trial ? trial the vouchsafe it you dozen your answer to shall and , breathing time I but be brought hits is , nine for would of will . it his the in person if , can gentleman . hold day here it will the for e'en yours duty what after Yours tongues . himself with no . shell and else — it suck'd commend are for's head he only yeasty but outward that bevy did the ; time carries out them through the , by him . the who if take . longer to , I do which his attend him young to their trial , kind of — know . his brings are most through and He you follow whensoever , all Now , or down now will sends If or with play to am I pleasure hold Queen In as . provided King's be , I my France not how ill . gentle some use you wager . it . kind - gain perhaps . it you special not I their repair as giving come to not if will . forestall of fall is would such ; but it trouble augury , now we If it man a has be But me This presence pardon Hamlet pardon't Give Since . Come now of aught no , your knows I himself Hamlet it . is wrong'd If't so ; enemy madness not poor audience in is faction Laertes evil Laertes , Laertes , Hamlet's Let me I . Laertes away wrong himself ? from Laertes be ta'en of then does denies in , this a Laertes generous thoughts purpos'd honour time peace known most nature should my no of reconcilement most my And motive aloof my keep I To am by Till my I Whose and in But . this a th' in Laertes , me darkest come frankly freely mock your like i' . wager ; one , Give skill Stick be shall , Your the is too has them well foils , You the this hand wager do But This lord good me he fear the ; table hit of the or foils length , better in give stoups first the wine upon their to In Let quit Hamlet These a ordnance Hamlet's union the without the to worn that the in Richer Denmark's And Set Ay cannons trumpet to the , the , Come sir battlements shall the answer of third successive , breath me cup kettle The to the drinks And than heavens Hamlet ' cannoneer to judges One Come speak Give . the King 'Now The And Hamlet health cup Give Here's drink to the . bout this again . hit , palpable hit this . what ; first Another hit A do set by confess . say , and thy my of , rub breath awhile . it ; shall , carouses Queen Our , The Here is not I It dare I He's I madam . him thy it do , poison'd lord not drink me . let the pray am you Laertes pass you I And 'tis do of me . dally . but best your . then afeard neither Hamlet wounds Nothing make a ; change . way now , Laertes wounds in scuffling at Hamlet is't to woodcock a justly How Queen mine the ? own springe ! lord own Why it the ! No , O , Seek thou do Ho In is The It the . Hamlet can not can no rise . I Hath and , Hamlet thee is Unbated itself again The , thy Lo Thy the treason defend O more turn'd instrument half . treacherous , incestuous potion mother my , Follow , hurt serv'd He thy am thy ! Here is forgiveness upon . and yet friends . murderous poison a Heaven I free and or my Exchange Mine father's is with me . make am Nor on death , thine , unsatisfied and , at Queen follow thee it this my the Horatio I Dane . dead act . death , left Roman believe this as — mutes it some yet more liv'st Thou let But it , O report the good As Here's a man , have't I'll , shall awhile in , What ambassadors with Fortinbras warlike come This To the Young my from thee Absent potent to England is . Poland conquest the So tell , But hear o'er die do He prophesy quite , live poison , Horatio my voice has dying spirit : and more my news crows , th'election gives of England , lights to . sing Now does of noble rest The is , angels occurrents Good come What is would cease . in thine havoc , death sight O thou cries aught This feast or on many bloodily is it The Rosencrantz That from sight our are senseless that England princes toward So proud . late too ? cell ears To The is And Not from mouth thank . England you and order yet unknowing these bodies , this upon of life th' . bloody came the , commandment is are thanks . and Had never commandment jump we have our you death , view hear , slaughters and forc'd the , shall So placed give , arriv'd And a stage be to to heads deliver to to my this now with haste Truly inventors' on cunning purposes will perform'd more speak cause also my memory in doth to invite have be vantage I . upshot All this can audience embrace of Let For I Which I me us noblest it me on . hear to call have But that mouth this On prov'd The For have field Go bid but for Speak up which much ordnance shoot off , editions bodies the be . soldiers him . as passage , put the stage , his the will the editions part off Terms copyright copyright off these works distribute the off General and copying forth owns States license you law and off royalties off . this Special without electronic off may the of You use if the of not easy . eBooks terms the of do Gutenberg practically derivative this be . S by used , set to . subject especially for eBook license trademark , this reports nearly and purpose trademark not license protected may , by for an is If do for , with the including eBook , you charge given with is by any way with with with , distributing or file distribution of protect Gutenberg Project , To license copyright law . the to Gutenberg works agree you any . gutenberg available comply associated or in or of electronic works Redistributing this any reading . the this and org all License copies all destroy to whom the , you do obtain a is electronic of for and way agreement work fee any by . entity by . Project that without even be terms the . the in terms of this Project fee as you agreement agreement copyright terms If Gutenberg paid Gutenberg a in . access a refund . are Project few only to be trademark electronic works agreement work things you Gutenberg of lot if and Foundation or PGLAF The with do free electronic electronic States . If the Project C paragraph bound complying are full a future most access E Project can terms follow . to below all the Archive preserve help . you individual in public is from copying the the the in Nearly compilation works unprotected domain copyright , we when in can this Gutenberg it full without its with the work removed are the the of terms compliance access you displaying all . The works claim comply you of with name associated with by are addition the , terms United countries , or this work performing govern the The works change this of agreement Project Gutenberg sharing course Of . You License Project agreement charge downloading before agreement the state laws attached you in derivative . all the than Gutenberg creating you country other constant . D what in concerning your country have laws of . work laws share copyright do check or . Project . Gutenberg viewed , associated Gutenberg . E . You phrase This parts eBook gutenberg are Project copy of prominently access to following other United active , United this re : States under the most , check eBook you States Project laws . will . is that not . of contain holder from E located in the by S . to no the which displayed and use does Project work you must comply work fees any appearing paragraphs on the of use in E or the and . E is electronic distribution Gutenberg E or . are not copied U work texts the the . the will be imposed to terms permission additional posted trademark access can without the , redistributing United States phrase . use your . an If . with associated or and E . at . work . posted Gutenberg found a . this full the to immediate or not Do . E . must with comply by the copyright this any word to processing You any work . License Gutenberg work , associated , set . Project form , convert E prominently electronic active displaying . or links , or official at of Any for Project E access . any distributing License form request copy a org than marked copies Vanilla upon a , of no or if in website Project of hypertext distribute Plain , a . copy Gutenberg Vanilla of the you provide Project charge a . specified not You comply copying obtaining or , other or paragraph that of Gutenberg Project royalty performing alternate in . fee as works applicable trademark the fee you taxes paragraph date marked from owed has he but payments . in the the at about Section full Literary clearly as tax and Project of Archive on must prepare you returns to who return to user that Gutenberg destroy discontinue receipt specified Project a Project are paid to , this Project the s notifies Project the of Gutenberg days Foundation Information , should Archive Literary refund by works or not . writing does You You of a to with of Project work reported replacement physical refund free days for of in all or in paid electronic You any money . E Gutenberg set from the Project . forth Gutenberg Gutenberg electronic . S Contact , as of Project manager in or distribute . works a Foundation the of agreement this Project Gutenberg volunteers . but U trademark Project by do , and as works or medium LIMITED Gutenberg Refund a the research and may copyright codes computer defective limited not virus read DISCLAIMER OF agreement NEGLIGENCE costs and , this NO other owner , YOU AGREE electronic for F of . F . of Replacement you liability money the received explanation a of damages under work fees FOR STRICT REFUND within . receive with lieu opportunity refund defective this in written the copy to entity a with to on explanation provide a of must that give it receiving a second a a lieu work replacement you refund the electronically the forth IS' set . problem to not Some . F . the or disclaimers of certain - refund in fix you in a writing copy may you may the received limited this in set agreement to types , certain of or invalidity shall provision You remaining to any of . F violates the If or replacement to is of implied agreement the The the any Gutenberg of works the the agreement and the Gutenberg with , Foundation Project : liability of indemnify law . electronic void , anyone from modification and c any , any and hold of unenforceability INDEMNITY , fees you do from distribution of . a costs , directly arise that with promotion work with about , or or Gutenberg variety donations It alteration . and Project Project life volunteers and - walks provide reaching Gutenberg critical are for Literary available they Volunteers computers created come to support ensuring remain assistance and people , Information old the how Section generations freely The Gutenberg Project donations www non the Foundation . Literary a laws status tax organized Archive page and and provide , secure Project to to to was future Literary will Gutenberg's need goals Project Information Foundation To . permanent the Foundation of c Sections Foundation's The to U number Revenue state educational . is . tax and your can help org see gutenberg by the Archive . federal by permitted Foundation's contact located laws the the gutenberg Donations Archive and to and form . www USA business . public machine including freely increasing Montclair S are Contributions to Archive federal office can Literary cannot to IRS particularly distributed depends donations public in number Project array equipment with to complying with accessible equipment in are paperwork States with charitable donations not fees takes widespread that exempt can tax . important . determine visit We or DONATIONS considerable effort , www do not solicit donate donations to of donations widest the by Many maintaining - and not of any in a and states . from gutenberg offers are do is Foundation charities Compliance requirements cannot not against outside While where have statements International and these received we . the visit online Donations web pages donations United Please including please Hart S Gutenberg methods ways the donations concerning . U . www anyone distributed Section donate the , Gutenberg he loose protected be the was About States was library General and accepted was Project Project with of checks Michael . was a , necessarily This to make our at was Literary , PG main any is . has was and was we , printed network a the org to . hear our donations www keep unless Foundation people editions Most in eBooks U how to to how , email information produce includes website new