Stand unfold yourself Stand ! and Stand . Stand Stand Stand . make haste bid night ? stirring and them ho , Dane . this to Friends them the to you good hath you honest what Barnardo farewell soldier reliev'd liegemen good there him , again A Holla has Horatio this Welcome . Marcellus ? has I belief says 'tis , our seen fantasy but take seen him thing nothing of tonight hold . to eyes minutes apparition not appear , assail once Sit down fortified , again speak , story , all that part of — and this King where beating dead . it ; like westward Last night of , that's . Marcellus again one Mark ? the like the figure scholar a King It it , speak It Question thou that that majesty By usurp'st , spoke , and wonder night warlike and thee time I buried this fair with which art Together In sometimes march What See ! and , gone and answer speak . fantasy ? than ! You ! not : art it Is my might not on King had he the sensible own not the think you on't combated angry parle ; hour ; I work to in what twice He armour thyself by scope the he and and dead . ice our not watch to , observant war state , know my he of me brazen the of mart and whose sweaty with this from of Sunday foreign why strict the , joint toward same , such And So Why , sit this nightly bodes This and tell most of shipwrights the such cast implements that And , is't even but , by now Fortinbras world of on know I seal'd in whisper can so . Our last us valiant law ; who ; Who night can by prick'd the to most goes labourer , Hamlet pride appear'd and by compact , esteem'd life a moiety ; lands , which all those there Fortinbras , which unto our some here and , no is lawless , the To he to the Shark'd hath doth recover those , cov'nant competent Fortinbras of vanquisher our King ; hot other , foresaid , full Now of and As a compulsatory the of I The source haste and rummage , I our motive And by to of strong , enterprise in't of , hand well appear state . figure wars . so e'en and palmy state of Rome , dead star , empire and Roman our it mote A As the sun like of tenantless the and ; in the and with still preceding our sound , be to it of use me , to . on , events again illusion , coming omen the be thee happily , thou art Which , Unto behold though any any to to , If may to if Or cross thou , to Speak it blast or . grace thing and country's me done me speak ! uphoarded hast Speak speak thou say they womb O may in partisan speak . speak stand , speak speak speak For here here And it was here And our malicious majestical here being to cock then vain blows here , trumpet sounding the guilty cock here or ; day fearful about Upon with in It a that the , To sea is as the The started , like I to truth warning earth at and Th'extravagant his summons and of made 'gainst birth And say This his confine spirit And object the present erring in herein comes , the to time , hill by eastward part planets strike stir night spirit no no , all dare power then witch gracious mantle russet yon of what ; for , upon will him fitting acquaint loves shall our to consent , in we us our brother's dear and , Cornelius be hearts To Th'imperial we , as sister sorrow discretion in , and woe whole us . death our befitted . queen , thanks : frame advantage and our fail'd the with . for surrender this hath his ourself the To , impotent gait and Cornelius of to with business Giving For Out You of subject his his ; and all Laertes the What some speak shall not us cannot of told You lose You And That The head your offer What throne offer and wouldst offer To now From offer thou the to native offer of to the offer done pardon . bend leave bend , thine bend ! bend son will and at my — bend . time go bend spend spend and spend ; hang look thine spend eye like friend the vailed a spend in noble cast thy father all to dust on with Good spend lord so let Hamlet Thou my that the spend kin common nature ? thee is , madam , it so . ever it be particular know mother . with , Nay ! 'tis Ay madam 'Tis Nor , windy forc'd the black solemn If Why , But I all dejected are give sweet the commendable , his lost these mourning father the to is . sorrow Of As Why should For any impious shows know lost filial obligation , condolement most a , thing Fie vulgar , who that he and note , take of world our nobility school to you bend dearest toward back most we And It Here Our I that And a which the no . less our to prayers ; and I Be , shall 'tis a in Denmark loving my with stay thee Let in chiefest not Why But the King's great the And speaking Re - canon O Thaw Or this rouse That Possess it dead But So Seem on't I her Visit Hyperion seed fie . slaughter ! uses flat of an unweeded world unprofitable and , not ; satyr might face That two not Must it A which tears — she Why — and Frailty , of , Why ? increase and to Like God and all followed my those , grown month and ! uncle , tears and old shoes thy and ere like discourse married but . most to , even wants more a unrighteous my reason mine with no of I must come sheets to good galled most wicked , incestuous speed ! my lordship . well ! see I you friend ever : Good good even , sir — disposition truant hear truster of ear , your in you your . is it you To But teach you I what to We'll I prithee lord I My think Indeed my coldly had I ever furnish forth dearest , in The marriage hard it ! my seen My lord , met thrift , do it to me , fellow - student see , Or father , Did a I saw , In Where my once , was man lord not look take a Horatio , eye saw Saw father till of marvel your ! Who ? yesternight deliver gentlemen , to the attent love you a had had had father had , with : he fear of had . night , kept and both the , me had whilst with speak they , had them with , his their truncheon's had each I not . deliver'd By I , These of Form , My motion lifted to even the , up My Did lord you And at But like shrunk from . duty 'tis true and ; did I then live And Indeed , you know writ honour'd 'Tis I do we let watch and the but of lord , our my toe , you you ? up face to head beaver . anger ? or or very eyes his or constantly amaz'd like . it Stay'd or would very or one or I as have was beard A It I'll hell pray father's person , again tonight will sable watch walk it I . peace sight , tongue , all noble I 'twill . will you my , my your loves you And bid Let it hold assume though shall , the platform I'll duty as Our whatsoever And Give it . speak have be to mine would . play father's will . twelve . is ! soul o'erwhelm , them . were . well . night men's embark'd as assistant me let is And My I My then Though But convoy hear trifling that doubt the and a not of . Farewell . his sweet primy toy from ? nature , soul and minute ; blood youth , of more mind loves doth besmirch now fear his persons to unvalu'd subject , himself for himself bulk does as cautel but not ; nor he soil no . voice health for as so must wisdom of Grows His He The And is It Whereof your keep To yielding choice and of if he state says place no withal honour Denmark goes your particular and believe he not chariest The If it , credent with And Fear you the maid shot unmask itself Out If , the is to be buttons and it , chaste your or unmaster'd canker oft then Contagious before most lies none good keep to good , best liquid dew disclos'd spring , fear are safety though pastors , not Show watchman of of path a like Whilst I shall my as the stay A Laertes smiles Occasion , are you And I Yet familiar few sits wind here And thou Be friends them Grapple Nor character in thoughts by unproportion'd - unfledg'd entertainment , tongue tried : in . blessing my , thy Give thought adoption vulgar thou thy dull entrance Take the in as ear quarrel do Those Neither Costly man th'opposed but beware ; Bear't every habit a And But Give thine , a that canst : it in For For And above all oft dulls the both the fancy apparel France Farewell humbly do time The ; remember leave , my in of itself a generous chief as then blessing said , and . 'Tis Ophelia in shall yourself key , I Farewell my keep , you Hamlet Lord the Given of your audience been on most , you , yourself my not between is You do behoves As it hath , What , in way and you of very ; 'tis and to in Pooh believe you , such his Do not know He my ! I tenders it Marry — lord you sterling crack importun'd fashion me love phrase think , my I'll not — you That teach , Which , Running not have , In may you holy vows call honourable woodcocks do , it his these : vows catch to than , promise light the Lends Even must their With hath Ay given countenance speech heaven lord my know both a From higher Lord is he for ; a maiden - making time , investments for all forth time show Ophelia , bawds pious and implorators you tether their This terms any moment vows they leisure Lord your . my . the so beguile . is . cold air ? an very . it No not heard think it . then the . twelve is lacks is . and hour of Indeed mean mean wake and kettle Is mean Ay ; am I though , marry born mean the is't the mean mind the honour'd to And to us mean drunkards This clepe mean thus . in , they choose and pales habit , that not , men these defect reason of complexion are attribute , grace , origin o'erleavens undergo comes ministers of my all virtues I infinite that From Shall , and health intents such or wicked grace , it doubt damn'd ! the sepulchre but in ! again thus corse night So hideous the up op'd me That burst Wherein Hath , and , horridly glimpses of we the moon this , jaws marble dead , What complete in fools of nature ground . with will then not ; by courteous . alone what to do waves Being for I It Why forth you me the What And That it Which Or to dreadful toward my It Hold ; Still As And I'll heaven away say I By My , follow after Heaven desperate with imagination what issue . him come this it of . him me hour I lead me , tormenting myself shall I but flames , serious . shalt . hear Alas Pity Speak So to , away secrets tale unfold for the purg'd ; and soul foul And Till . But upon the spheres blood house that prison thy whose of thy up could burnt Are harrow two tell . But I like I a freeze their part to , end . be list , stand locks stars dear love O , most father love as unnatural wharf of orchard my , hear swift , in . sleeping the Lethe weed Now than death youth life his power , his , my whole , sting his incestuous won his seeming falling a my of The to , From O will his So seduce most , that shameful queen his , vow lust with his the dignity of whose Hamlet — and ! in virtue though his , sate it a radiant garbage on court to itself But to me made wretch , whose . in as shape angel bed ; orchard link'd celestial the within . a in And ! me of My let I be secure my juice Upon . But porches of afternoon of body ; through doth into did So loathsome the stole uncle my thy hebenon custom always , pour it eager instant with , blood . my , of , Thus off was life Of natural Holds The And I - curd , like a most like lazar Cut my horrible imperfections the O If But Let all nature , mind for royal damned Denmark ! incest bed , not be it ! bear my to but on ; not grow stiffly ? you And all host hell my poor ghost . memory thee thee Remember O fire . at be uneffectual . matin Fare thee to the shows , Remember me my heart ? of , globe observation copied trivial , all Yes all there live , woman smiling villain O Within saws And thy All I'll Unmix'd It is least may . it and HORATIO and , smile and pernicious I set damned by shall alone volume am one That O , 'Adieu I , so to in , may smile My , uncle At Now . Lord . ho is't . ho ! Illo be . What , tell . heaven it . think ? heart you'll Nor I would , dwelling secret man . an ne'er ghost , and be my are this us from ; without business every For it You There's needs lord come right shake man your is but — and whirling , Horatio , there this ghost you your may And now is , to . know . friends Give poor ? request Patrick scholars lord my me are , make My lord and you have will what HORATIO . tonight , not seen . will . we , MARCELLUS swear't , my , Nor , my my , sword faith . truepenny ? there Swear , seen . thou in Art so thou sayst you on speak of that my Swear . fast friends good i' my sword by again hither Then we'll upon Swear Canst night this , as a ! work is heaven in therefore O dreamt things stranger it welcome Horatio , mercy come meet on , phrase some we you , at such hereafter soe'er , earth . help bear antic disposition me this 'There your at That So such ambiguous me Beneath Swear Swear , and you God out your And willing ever , to . intend My lord I his , make it they keep , Paris expense ; and are said well very me company who , do What know Marry By encompassment demands will you more . him , my well , Ay in And do know 'I , wild 'not his it , my particular and this ; well ; say and so rank so far scandal to open is meaning my breathe but the , swearing . lord fencing drabbing or lord , Quarrelling Ay another season that , You not they That's no The slight little Mark 'twere party Your As You thing these a ever you ' or the phrase 'friend ; youth sir or According to so my , Of And By I He The with , Or then , mass At closes saw him you in 'friend There 'closes thus consequence' t'other ; o'ertook of of of advice . with lecture have You son My Shall you So windlasses By God fare in my lord music my Well ply , him . Observe shall I And , affrighted ? been had horrors of Mad for thy love truly I me hard . length length , brow ? he said length by length thus of all wrist the length of his stay'd hand falls with As length And He last he thrice He length , Whose will desperate itself undertakings , passion to bended he his over his way find I will seek of love , King the go ecstasy heaven am hard but to me him I . thee is . ourselves , hide than Rosencrantz dear did to ; Something use so . th'exterior sending have to you long did transformation hate . see , him him gather th'understanding , himself , hath of your , you youth here and glean to by his I entreat with up unknown will humour in pleasures occasion much If hath , more he gentlemen That and time two to aught a much . by profit adheres he Good Might the sovereign shall am so I To Than us whom show We to your supply As To lay up our ourselves both fits pleasures Both be , dread Rosencrantz , And much beseech and service give son . instantly . commanded Guildenstern changed is in To your to . practices , our helpful . gentle these and , you our him lord , return'd good father of . hold : Norway hast , and my I it — this gracious joyfully been ? as , policy that lunacy King else of I . mine admittance the first O shall that hath Thyself do to sweet of do news of my head to grace speak , He source of no and The me I father's , Say we doubt His Most , death it Voltemand what of rebuke him before which his so was It against better be Fortinbras Was On That your look'd preparation into ; Makes give To That it before please dominions you the , borne Through levied So On regards commission three And Gives With an And at likes more our to your Go Most rest , you welcome for thank we day What Were What I tediousness since day nothing , it to be is Why Therefore brief call 'tis no . true use 'tis no A true art 'tis ; with art pity , at . with , this with of . will I him 'tis 'tis true , I swear I More with : for pity is , less this with cause art And now defect of then grant find with we let farewell it out , this , defective have and obedience , and surmise . a . vile Ophelia ; I awhile but phrase phrase and my a an ill That's madam Doubt never thee lady this machine show'd me solicitings , is daughter , to it reckon , faithful believe whilst O numbers move . ill truth the , stars are fire liar a sun doubt to these best But most love hath above obedience most best think honourable What you of ? and , given would a seen it told the my Before As When of prove your look'd Or dear my And 'Lord must not you be should lock ' think That a young she done she is Admit no took Which Hamlet , repulsed sadness messengers Fell a watch , into to a lightness he Thence to a , Thence all the , And Hath such time wherein I'd , said prov'd wherein wherein It there That I wherein I wherein if this be . know very wherein it wherein know so ? that Not that from circumstances lead , the try it . hours him , not , further together . to then arras I'll and keep does his behind I time such the does be does where does But does look Away I'll board do the carters a fall'n does love he . encounter And be not from a wretch poor presently him , does my How Do Excellent , thousand ten man to picked . a kissing be one . man my lord ? true a goes , is . lord of maggots i' say And truly you How me my he ; by ? a . is lord Aside not her Between him the is Words , Still Friend , look to't he gone , my . extremity you read love is daughter do words words here that men thick I most of , my lord grey purging , plentiful lack a you have like . backward should be of my lord set powerfully their read slave honesty a have eyes down old amber and and will I be prosperously means contrive honourable lord out o' the often , of most take . his him . which ? in't method hits Aside , How , my . sometimes leave of between my pregnant on happiness that meeting my life that leave fools you save Lord My excellent ! Guildenstern both very over not we cap children the - button ? are Fortune's indifferent , is a her . favours grown me , hither deserved ? friends you my your but news the , parts that Fortune ? not the Let that at . strumpet that true good world's that to she that , news doomsday is Then that goodly then that thinking , makes in are th' my 'tis makes We o' confines , dreams . very . a your bad good is there a prison or the of substance have not ; for myself king mind is it dream the of a shadow fay , I heroes a sort will to th' and our wait you the in speak matter beaten We'll man , I rest Elsinore attended dreadfully other make . by outstretch'd for lord , and ROSENCRANTZ I such beggars' , am like . that friends your . am my with I I dear to it , thanks own too Come , which , thank Were you . occasion And sent you ? for sent have ; for and have our you could of the you , the obligation , dear by a . more you say you If . love me hold . of sent we lord were for anticipation lost , the canopy excellent frame ; wherefore know King the and to indeed earth , other thing , seems goes exercises goodly this of a foul and fire brave reason , congregation pestilent o'erhanging it of how in what the neither , this . say my thoughts woman action is . me' not ? delights , man in not I was there , lord did my they you delight if lord from freely you coming to freely , his use be mind freely shall lady wont and freely the shall Even How chances freely freely I they , travel profit inhibition estimation they , No How endeavour eyases for't , so — goose of should means their they , the if themselves maintains on against was ? are Will as the ; for a went and do There ? O has there been unless argument tarre has there Ay they is away it . of if little twenty . could philosophy find , Denmark . Elsinore fashion extent should the But . welcome are appurtenance Gentlemen the but the a the handsaw mad the garb this the of , lest the outward , my uncle more In north north - from When , you not time tell me of Monday . so they morning it . his Mark indeed was 'twas my hither , a to . actor Rome you tell When Buzz each , either on . buzz Upon tragedy , his actor Then - be Israel had fair . Aside he Why not Jephthah , me call Am I follows have , right , first my abridgement masters Com'st It , By'r friends you and last are last , piece of uncurrent gold We'll Come Come French cracked to't straight , quality have the good row of beard welcome , be , me a a e'en a speech for welcome . O , my old . We'll . welcome by mistress chopine within I , my , was as of it not acted lord a fly at anything taste us give in . speech . in in play . I above to the once in in not well one in affectation author cunning . speaks of than in fine . sallets the thereabout , make in wholesome live it Pyrrhus One If in of me see in let method phrase in called nor , of , so Pyrrhus , he did the dismal impasted lend vile murders a With It begin where at is memory , not night gules and it : this dread , lay in whose mothers mothers , more blood his he of mothers carbuncles well grandsire eyes mothers Priam the , Pyrrhus mothers , like thus and lord Rebellious mothers ; mothers gore coagulate with o'ersized finds my Striking Repugnant at with finds finds Which Pyrrhus' ear Priam to to father Priam the Seeming finds Pyrrhus finds and , Then of senseless a . finds , strikes his , i' Did , to some lo For . base was with with sword head stick rack and vengeance hush bold as Stoops his , th'air Pyrrhus , prisoner the and . Pyrrhus' so anon will his against heavens storm , sword eterne fall him him ; wheel . him never and long is him as take fellies the too him , a — your tale beard or . him , power All bleeding her him gods hill , He's It shall And the or Say 'The mobled good the and upon queen' clout A stood all blanket About With barefoot and down and up this Where Run the , Fortune's if In passion mortal burst with saw state she the the lank head , themselves seen her late made clamour But clamour And turn'd instant The clamour things clamour have his not has well clamour are players he where , well will lord death clamour while you bad chronicles than desert epitaph hear in's the in you you I Use dignity . Good eyes colour much more , them speak . them and rest bestowed out ? brief . to and after their your honour man Dost , sirs play play desert according . every Use them merit better they bodikin less , should We'll would I for , you tomorrow We'll . in't him you not . friend old Ay dozen tomorrow night . You could not . b' God , what in O , so fiction That A broken in her , voice , Could to working his force and soul Tears forms With from a rogue a it would general the ? ears her , he function all her Hecuba passion king her Am most unpregnant , dreams and her A A her Upon me was and my , nose her Plucks her ! Who me I pigeon I 'Swounds But To have fatted bitter , th' a dear Yet I , cause a I lie in me this life ? pate does it cannot throat coward for lack gall ? my , murder'd brave and This ! bawdy villain face ? or it Who take , the . region should oppression , liver'd and ere kites Bloody father most , kindless villain is dear heaven ! hell with , players these have have their scene play heard hath I but looks blench power of the I upon't a very drab have observe murder at have that soul a and spirit . malefactions , grounds the catch me of a the my very damn to than my with I'll . play's the King . quiet confusion he why relative is Abuses Wherein by turbulent He we do Get receive a gentleman . his of our , like Did Most But Niggard with disposition . demands pastime of , forcing he much certain these . order him hear all ; and me beseech'd To my he hear of did it raught the on fell seem . that Of have court we the joy told before see 'Tis most to think it And see Good To see see hear see With see him him to these a give , gentlemen drive And For we Sweet , and bestow be And th'affliction he he as ourselves so father thus shall , obey you the way , cause again hope I wonted shall be beauties Ophelia . happy love or is behav'd his no for do wish part : to your honours bring To wildness your Hamlet's ourselves here That . show much pious The do we . Ophelia an himself my conscience art , book on devotion's o'er ! blame to plastering most burden my , thing to ugly lash too prov'd deed to Let's withdraw word painted ! my the speech . smart is my him hear coming to , suffer to is be To to by Whether to opposing That ; be sleep have That Must give would , to scorns contumely of respect life . time man's spurns to the , to end to and whips of pause calamity to shuffled us When perchance to we the office the dispriz'd wrong love , the so coil law's proud bear makes of of oppressor's a sicklied Thus to others native puzzles ills know that something whose pith regard the o'er How thank your all name their action ! Nymph this And , many , longed you have ; honour Good my remember'd , sins my for does lord a - As And I have I My with you honest and to fair , my be That beauty Ay what his This bawd lord ; to . it you love me for me ; did is , I , into likeness proof the you the . to earth and , things have proud I or not to to . not play as give me a not but not honest . to were better nunnery Why not them . We Let not doors be At home my father of not fellows believe , should What in all knaves . upon him own give the If for thou to fool chaste help I'll , O marry pure plague thou if Or . snow well go , farewell what enough and powers , keep what live no more the courtier's The shall ; O The Th'observ'd I suck'd glass ladies of most of feature and noble all Th'expectancy soldier's noble scholar's of and fashion shall and , rose is , a , out of That out of that Now out Like seen what I seen ecstasy . form something lack'd way out brood and with speed determination shall which hatch sits out , do . O'er I the objects out different : to prevent England on't thus , shall , tribute expel heart him you I ? believe his . still beating brains From do well But Lord as the entreat alone do Hamlet Ophelia ear him , not where . so be ; must as , Nor of smoothness it may a beget , and ; crier , I if But speech the tongue to to temperance thus you mouth , my spoke rags very robustious , use but hear , as may , that , are such of fellow . Herod a ears of the , in saw players it of passion you , the split whipped O fellow inexplicable shows and . torrent acquire who anything nature mirror . Pray to - I Be Suit and observance now her time others of the , Christians , nor gait the to make the have I that not in — be must , whose Now laugh which and O the neither pagan a whole ; own and purpose of playing up to age made . and pressure there of then to play pitiful accent , that Christian more . of work that . no How . in too to Will And Queen . some meantime villainous quantity of barren spectators . the of question and this ? you will We piece hear Bid the . service ! at a . cop'd , ho What ? flatter'd thee spirits ; I should lick of of , could ta'en Hast Whose To That what passion's stop thanks , that thou rewards co And herself fawning Dost thou been choice , death . of that near before Something , finger wear me Give my tonight in too , I . that heart of . circumstance - act foul heedful rivet will eyes we censure will both his my this . Polonius , I ; be . others must Queen idle . Ophelia ? I : King a the to , Rosencrantz flourish A . Get Enter fares our cannot the chameleon's Hamlet feed accounted was you say Polonius . a th' a . th'university my , mine No did enact brute my Come , they me I players him stay dear to ; lord part of mother . good I shall O , To my , I my is to think you ? lie , Nothing my That's maids' I , lord father lord be but my and , hours should twice , my maker Ay , looks your , lord ? not O bank fellow a a upon in unto the protestation . neck him , then wear and not year for Then . But suffer embracing is 'For comes King's , in unwilling and love loth is dead in Anon and , passionate . The comes . argument but , mischief players . this . him show any or Be it mark , cannot play . the tell Will this : our . tragedy : what show meant shame to tell you , moons And For us and your to stooping Here a We prologue As brief , Hymen did been , must I former sick moon . nothing love may the and . late of count is and from you , love your extremity holds it , in or , women's For , aught neither my is great is my what Now little thee , great love and world in my one . be Wormwood that , my me what . breast . move love , break , the debt propose the violence own joy Which Of now This That To Most enactures not , most for world joy lead For even loves advanc'd poor The great man And not left a love joys should us else fortune favourite tend a his a to But And Whether 'tis doth love of yet , on try doth friend so overthrown of lack fortune : lasting destroy ! food I once here Both food and that repose give dead , none food thou thoughts think wilt me desperation food in have hence a If grow tedious , she pursue well food the , nor day and food wife Sleep come food dull mischance , between thy day The To sworn us twain . would beguile in play there keep much her no Is jest ; i' offence the she'll too you , methinks world a of image the . Baptista that Let o' work of the knavish free our piece is souls withers name , the his is wife the : the take , the the interpret You This is are you and , if , I love , dallying . hands , and black Confederate Thou cost you . else , of thrice rank season apt drugs , wholesome property His . estate wife shall Gonzago's love very choice in for's , story The see Gonzago how anon . The the What , let the hart The lights . play , lights ; some feathers Provincial a a share one I Damon O , dismantled roses on , players dear pound . the , music . of like it not not he some me a of . poisoning note . lord my of of him the likes , of with of Come , of whole distempered . a , his in With show should , into him itself me , put to with sir marvellous . some my far more richer more to into frame . from discourse , sir your wildly , You in mother good please you The my lord answer I right of and pardon make , I tame this courtesy is your , not , lord cannot I my , my your . the welcome will , wit's rather . matter . business My admiration mother you struck shall more you can , can the to desires obey We shall Therefore wonderful speak with My , still lord so And , my door upon be grass when that lack own what lack , you the lack as . one me bold Will . lack understand My , lack that you lack cannot you upon is love my me play this unmannerly . will it . are harmony stops a would would now , you ; me compass yet cannot on played you can fret speak would you , God pipe speak Call . music sound is it me bless you me the like a a weasel . a presently and shape Do see the is weasel . They Very my . like like whale — me friends , ever mother out blood : none . and hypocrites , and hot time hell could and I itself night . but and , be use and not , in firm , nature business ; let and this to now bosom . grow you , more safe cease ; but whose weal from single the of life depend many alone it Fix'd not on and the mortis'd Are you but like lives spirit upon keep Arm Attends the huge ; spokes , which of when , things . this speedy fear footed this to but boist'rous sigh now goes free and ROSENCRANTZ . more 'Tis hear the meet Since nature some makes you was a o'erhear liege mother , should it mother's closet audience and I'll convey tax myself , she'll warrant Fare I upon't smells lord . to well bed heaven — curse can double hand , business my sharp as this brother's force fall to come this of Whereto the if What enough snow ? itself murder ! Pray to , inclination the And stronger a pause Were wash thicker white what's But being past is forestalled But . the to in be turn cannot my ? ere down which justice world may hand oft the seen shove by not — possess'd murder queen . form up foul am me Then look my did , I O since murder ? lies compell'd our it can ? prize we and But 'tis so itself , steel . praying , new , And it I do do't I . father this same , and and salary knows , hire , he he goes would for be my is , full of flush then of his am season'd the , course : black and salvation may heels relish ; thou a about in't heaven , some act bear with , lay broad to been too Look hath screen'd silence with him me . straight Grace come will him And Within I'll I you Withdraw round I'll heat . I'll I'll I'll Now , mother hast thou Mother , I'll Hamlet , warrant I'll , I'll hear question now an wicked tongue . with much offended ? forgot me ? so , by not so . were those to Thou , a glass . Thou Thou murder not Thou help ! ho Thou , help , help dead Draws Thou slain ! I ? Almost king and . a as kill As thy rash . better , down — dar'st against an Such blister of and from soul a very this words against Heaven's , sick as so picture , me thought Is With - solidity An A assurance set world husband and a to of indeed his a now mildew'd what mountain fair moor ? for Ha husband , brother you his give Where every This The Would And waits this not to in thus Eyes without Ears That Could without feeling part , smelling one is sense all true mutine hell wax , thy blush ? spots soul , charge , eyes into actively will more in Hamlet and his Of A cutpurse a of And of A king in part in , figure your in passion , wings your mad , command go in to ? and in come your acting time in Do not forget O amazement in whet to her between But Speak weakest Is The , and with how That Forth on her her it , air do hold vacancy you lady ? son , upon you have convert glares he to what tears I preaching look blood steals ? of your brain . the at he liv'd away portal , madness test , to the mining yourself place ulcerous all to within soul to keep grace the madness speaks , come weeds is what madness , your my this virtue twain . beg must these me leave to do him pursy pardon vice hast cleft of of woo , throw itself thou and the worser part And night a go purer with virtue custom , away live , if of . kind next more easiness it other uncle's doth this . bed . livery Refrain stamp the The frock actions lend , same it lord , him bles'd so with . answer and scourge and So him . kind good again and potency , more of blessing And With To repent punish him be me I death The I One bad good , do only will , this be remains lady you call pair reechy kisses mouse bed damn'd his , that , I again tempt cheek a for this , so , wise a him madness do would , out you fair from paddock dear Unpeg the in To No Let own thou And , life if hast to the in neck down to life no made me . I thou , be said and the to England forgot had of And words , fang'd two sweep so : concluded that you on know must Alack . I They For with at I them in lug I'll When now This will own But blow And Who Come man line two . O crafts moon the the into set life , toward prating and neighbour with grave , you , them These sighs , There's You fit , we seen ? lawless mightier , something both Hamlet does ? understand little what is ; 'tis Where your lord on what I contend what what ; there kills his . wind , brainish what hearing arras , good unseen heavy us had to and whose , restrain'd what short be , liberty with full , bloody much so to But us to O His threats deed how you been in rapier his Whips out And so shall It To , yourself all been we to . from the draw O'er the Among To Shows itself Even Both sun in go all hence Polonius further : this friends wisest him ! touch skill vile this and Guildenstern body . come . body dead Believe and not mine made own . Besides the lord ? a to ? rewards the first , dry be have his sponge soaks an : when he the do up for counsel you me replication King's King best jaw he , end mouthed but the to The ! lord . the us . all . body to him loose on man judgement th'offender's is smooth seem even , befall'n ? grown . desperate must ! law strong , of the distracted . my is guarded lord This sudden dead We How now What not ? Or hath . lord is body Without my , Guildenstern Bring ! At Now , Bring in . Where eats are all and politic , your creatures king fat man fish Nothing you What show to heaven but fish a Where him this To , Hamlet deed Go him seek him nose will He . must is The , help at bark England Hamlet Good , England , England cherub England ? England so Father My . England see it if thou England Farewell Hamlet you Pray thou give at thereof power Since my As Pays ; it not for process letters Our homage sovereign The By must thou the of . like hectic Hamlet . Do it , done begun rages England free thy and , Howe'er And my haps , him Captain Craves the his kingdom his that If him duty his rendezvous promis'd ? whose softly , powers Norway are , shall , Go , addition of against to gain five Why it , Yes Two Will That God and Will't . b' wi' This and the Why and debate breaks be and and you and dull chief to he ever which I yet , cause Why Sith And A thought Of have do't by army delicate with , the invisible is of this Led To that Even Is , Whose have honour's Excitements When And , a death my . all their Go That for sleep the of . The Whereon . graves from not the . a father to find . How stake kill'd and my mother in a I then . argument , fantasy O , worth nothing or cannot . cannot She cannot To cannot mood would What world cannot of and and says she beats be ? pitied have cannot much th' enviously tricks Spurns She the to winks would her the there nods and sure , much be their Her , doth speech in move ; heart , nothing it own is thoughts them . may . breeding is , spilt of guilt nature some jealousy fearing beauteous How should now And his the lady , what imports this ? true love know . green , gone . He Nay you Pray mark — true How ! dild Which look They With to with grave did . lady you but know Conceit words no , is in the have upon her owl the say are not All I Let Then And of To he , Indeed an , oath men Alack Gis and Cock will and an , tumbled to , my yonder fie fie fie choose night fie your fie . Come , good fie bed wed hath well be will to And all weep of ; and people Follow close ; give good . they poison father slain fair him thoughts he and ; gone unwholesome just her which Polonius' death mugger are pictures containing secret in we to himself infect person , to , ear in to , our in places this , death noise , Gertrude noise is Alack noise Switzers What yourself flats Laertes offices noise noise ? Let them guard list impetuous noise call now custom and forgot with him lord , noise the we cheerfully this O How is this , Danes . Danish trail , be shall king is on false will . me Sirs are . you in my Where No , door . Laertes unsmirched true chaste mother the harlot brow calm father vile ? proclaims me , Acts blood that's Laertes , me , person fear hedge it Tell Do . divinity incens'd Where thus thou Why is allegiance , To Let That How Who , you sweepstake , father's death the writ loser your friend enemies them know ? both draw and but If you go Good to , certainty , pelican Winner Repast Why a am day and sensibly . Tears that Let dry out brains up heat to to heaven Dear , thy is't scale Burn O to By to Within to come ? in to salt , eye by rose 'tis itself . the nonny thing instance where young maid's sweet a of , fine wits O revenge — on rain'd , nonny him his Fare could daughter is you the remembrance than him , It nothing's wits you Hadst thou down It it ! This more for that's pray thoughts . and . fitted you he I Sundays made you ; rue give remembrance died There's . my not he he ? to No And will not , thy flaxen poll . itself . ye God his away he white - no never again as . God , mercy , must right souls ha' we is He cast on moan all of Laertes Or And they shall us direct , content you life to jointly labour content to but Go O your our kingdom and apart , me . we that patience your if soul it . o'er burial earth heaven his — bones , question ostentation , hatchment his go with me axe from shall And No . fall . for you me with world Hamlet . sir these name , Ere gave us were a appointment him . we compelled instant the On ; have England : much too have I sent to . thee . letters me , tell , things nature feats , in for The two wisdom strong , and ; are perhaps wisdom looks they wisdom wisdom plague to wisdom I general faults turneth in wisdom to public by conjunctive her , I her her her Why Would her And not I noble mount her into a my for beard stuff . challenger perfections . You flat so the will dull think . imagine to love we be shortly and of You . teach , lord now my Laertes lord mighty shall your beg , shall What first sudden ? you , Are Know abuse hand all the . he here postscript a in That I As you will So thine No To more at own checking an the Ay not it shall mother his wind uncharge . rul'd so ; accident be right since , your . hearing of be And call could travel of in regard , parts quality . envy from my sum a Your such that , in is riband that Yet very needful was The his and Than a and in't can on such he short So doing brought and he my , Lamord . well very brooch the is He indeed of sight , defence report nation in and such a this scrimers nor but with guard report , Sir . oppos'd he Your Or , What coming o'er this — of of painting the your you did is this heart ? in face Dies For goodness or snuff very goodness love it proof , changes would , abate . And then Hamlet To cut To : words ? church i' son th' throat in should 'should' like are we That do when abatements , by show this easing , indeed . murder good Laertes , home chamber : fame your with , on your excellence fine heads and the a generous , foils you varnish praise are ; within close But shall , know on put We'll Will do return'd set Frenchman this shall And Will I Requite I that , bought will shuffling your do't anoint it rare so knife my . of all ; peruse with , double not Most wager on that I'll of a from , choose ease , remiss being He free and him purpose an Where Collected A sword unbated father in touch , slightly fail should for he As make chalice A I further think look to of this means . that are your Soft wager motion on for Our purpose now So he by chance may the calls If . upon follow doth tread Drown'd is There with There That shows a hoary flowers his did fingers call and , grosser them make weeds . and coronet broke herself trophies down to maids nettles give , hang Fell mermaid brook the poor garments incapable boughs envious of own long weeping her an bore native a like that Unto And like . As Or , then time she chaunted snatches indued not drink lay could her their douts these yet , say shame Let have Now much fear this had I How But that to give Therefore I tell in salvation and argues an . here For her and : grave 'tis sat else act to argal . goodman . finds hath on , you to , hear good him man drown own . life own water drown be myself wittingly , act if man , quest been gentlewoman death , the his he water drown , But . his not , If had Christian up : There ditchers and he , the ha' law should than Adam says What Christian in world that He thee . that . he ? mason that confess ? Go that was , he thyself that good in gallows The that is like well ? thy wit does is well do to to built stronger . church , ill faith ; builds - that that now Ay builds stronger tell . ill gallows the , thou a . come 'a mend get thee say . liquor this of till next dull . tell Marry will , Cudgel fellow pace question Go - maker' . stoup In youth when I did love , did . such clutch , could , which once God it politician , jawbone might lord . How the the that this not ass knave never Cain's in tongue , be one the if , sweet it lord meant to beg 'Good say , a morrow a knocked but not play dost it a : and my and we , Lady now , trick mazard with to at loggets with and a clay guest his , a a skull sheet is of a pickaxe , quillets Why . another There's quiddits now , recognizances fellow does may , cases now knock his the must ? lord - ha dirt and , of of in of have . Hum This the his of breadth him recoveries , more recoveries to scarcely no , vouch They are , which sir , fellow calves lord Is lands not to and Ay think it be be ? sir mine . for . 'tis liest in't . yet not is grave's this . again say . it the , I on't out part lie dost For , to for , What lie 'Tis quick Who that a ! We must by rest , near How , so he a days Hamlet year all the undo tell that Hamlet , young because was ? can that he it's sent he is that - maker to't Why . sent day he the How marry mad , him seen 'Twill there no great he shall as . strangely ; there strangely strangely strangely thirty strangely , Faith , e'en with losing his boy strangely many rot he last ? a is now he A than his hide And skull - a while , eight year or nine This water , sir your water skull decayer the was flagon a think him knew , Yorick my it your borne Let . the his it me see same E'en Alas , was This ? gambols Prithee — an the in table . chop - hath that lips how fancy those gibes grinning let this . hung Here now ? your paint , own me one her tell your mock and Make th'earth . To that looked so so smelt noble dust uses we Alexander to 'Twere consider to earth not . we earth with my , as follow Alexander ; might not a stopping Why may it find till enough . betoken desperate with Queen , Imperious Should soft following ! make , dead the they awe . follow that which earth that that , such awhile ? mark doth youth ceremony As we And have great is What Her ground trumpet , have been command pebbles , bell Must should more profane Yet flints the in she here , Till but unsanctified her . is burial strewments and more her May no there tell thou . liest fair thou . tell flowers And not bed tell sweet Ophelia And tell her from minist'ring violets hop'd tell I What When howling my shall tell Hamlet's , woe on been treble grave . wife that treble bride strew'd have I Till Till your of Whose Fall caught a blue this dust emphasis Now of flat mountain head , is Olympus . wiseness ? This I is me me Grappling with him . The devil take throat rash , thy . fear I me something . asunder Hamlet Good , Why me I will my Until me my upon theme me brothers theme longer love Laertes mad thou wilt is . sum my lord . quantity forty , son lov'd Could up , of What all with , them grave ? throw our let I ; dove disclos'd mouth . thou him have he me , night's to the push speech upon him ? thus it dog what will his . put Strengthen hour grave the shortly shortly Till An shortly Good . all the circumstance shortly ! the let , shortly shortly much for So Sir for sometime pall hew mutinies not sea My and in ; cabin had my , withdrew so , exact command found Horatio unseal bold , too , of grinding My not health supervise stay my the . life bated struck proceed , brains fair me down sat beseech I it , as our statists it wrote fair learning effect Wilt do , these of comma a That As Without many should her might flourish King . contents less purse . this what signet heaven this this this it the this did and Guildenstern man , this this Thou , plac'd day ! They — this the Why opposites incensed points And and and stand king to not is't not is me my , damn'd England . life evil shortly be , who passion . did put . see ; business the ; Denmark me ? court I'll know . 'tis ; gracious tow'ring a Into Peace here and as , but be a 'tis possession good a a , thank for lord this I . lord waterfly let No , beast from use I receive if your diligence lordship all 'tis . wind . my for my , for ; No believe me lord my Methinks my , thank , indifferent Majesty beseech great bade you the , indeed me it very sultry , signify believe , the of and know , to verity , to , to in take and excellent ; of no would rareness and as else make soul in quick , yaw Sir in to come feelingly , divide him him extolment , neither find Your breath infallibly his Sir another in really . rawer more our ? imports I you are not . words ? gentleman do't are , it would — not — excellence him ? is himself know you did ; by . the excellence I of what should faith . lest know that but his But Barbary well the against poniards carriages , very very , fancy of and , responsive French Three . rapiers horses , six wager'd dear , imponed , you phrase The knew Barbary . I against would would carriages is all passes call it and for ? you then the against bet you your hath in that's six german might hits to three hath sir not would you exceed mean lord come liberal , conceited French French trial . nine And . if answer answer no ? him brought if his would vouchsafe it can lapwing . there are himself I effect , Yours , duty my for's else kind Osric young by . longer hall the in him you you . time his pleasure provided so . who brings if know . to . entertainment me wouldst lord wager he the heart France my into this Nay all's shall , about Since my odds went . but such dislike , whit be , mind hither think win . here If a ; we If no man it it if ; augury be not 'tis . and , Give But me your This might nature have your sir and this How I knows am you as , pardon with done gentleman needs done must Laertes honour Laertes ta'en Hamlet , wrong Never , madness . away Laertes ? faction this in far disclaiming , madness Let me Laertes Laertes Who Laertes That Laertes my . the nature stir of known masters and of . like time , love till freely — frankly foils one , in mine ignorance i' embrace brother's wager , this And Give Come foil a , Laertes star this lord has laid fear do But since not Grace them This likes he Give the You know the the weaker you odds . see another . hit exchange the speak without Give he kings , heavens ' bear , on Come A hit a Well again this . health , you do touch my fat napkin of thy . madam Good do , lord my , is will the not Come , let , I'll do not almost . with make you so you Nothing you wounds in Laertes scuffling they , come Queen is ? own treachery springe the ? my Osric . Queen bleed ! I Seek do is . me envenom'd instrument treacherous Unbated turn'd Never no can I medicine No is It Hath Then Treason and . Is , me Follow this my off a Here Exchange father's thee me it ! Nor is forgiveness mutes arrest but I Heaven look pale , Thou th'art some an I good O standing , in shall hold by wounded me ever in this thee world harsh And To Give Things thou To story noise conquest What warlike , with This warlike ambassadors quite hear the silence and , less England my from dying more voice this sight you cease would , at struck is dismal ; you shot a that and we should his affairs sight are him tell And The Had You But about How Are about High accidental And on stage about , put in casual and to embrace about me this to cause whose sorrow the with my about memory claim rights haste mouth that his about For Let inventors' , I Which while now some to from But men's minds be voice , are same have vantage audience the I of Of shall will also wild likely music and had he for . sight shows here but , bodies Speak , the this as after bid peal , on stage amiss his put rites been passage , war . of U . in the paying General distributing a is registered you charge for without and works part Project paying charge not purpose any you , with . trademark . the . as Project PROJECT trademark creation following , by anything is for very United you the work United trademark — protected may United United or United of way promoting not online Project United Gutenberg any comply , to distributing phrase this the protect distribution of Terms reading By www you all you If possession by destroy terms the Project trademark work . copyright terms of of Project or to Gutenberg . accept or of this you If terms have read , and agree works copy agree of not do . this electronic work you as an with this most agreement things of you agreement electronic works Gutenberg Foundation the the collection . Project the the in hope , not do we law individual United , sharing freely the agreement full work keeping by Gutenberg Project with others located also countries govern United most of to addition are in on work or States this no makes any , performing , this the the you License terms outside Copyright If country copying based Foundation any , appear or : displayed which work States and most restrictions it distributed away no , at of viewed , is anywhere it cost included License this or . you org , United give will before located States and with Project Gutenberg have permission law . If using be can without indicating work paying any protected the by appearing a copied is are you U . or it access of and . the the E Gutenberg comply or does work eBook electronic the posted with and S distributed If is in the anyone phrase must are . posted work the , to charges work E on providing for be E with Gutenberg obtain the with posted will additional License . from or Do terms . E work unlink work work or any this copyright , associated nonproprietary or proprietary this work form distribute . and form convert of or marked processing or any compressed E word Vanilla you posted up sentence not . work . to other obtaining of user , provide or Gutenberg other copy Do a . gutenberg copy on copies hypertext . work in the or fee if you format original or , additional exporting work specified as , official , means of a at no paragraph Gutenberg paragraph taxes using . from owed to agreed to you . E . charge paragraph distributing E Project or . E . of providing or electronic Gutenberg distributing to or of donate clearly refund Literary any - a in full or writing provide You you You must to require possessed in tax trademark , but he Gutenberg of a Gutenberg receipt by Foundation about such access the e License Gutenberg You provide money any . E agree accordance discovered Project replacement paragraph and paid electronic You . in Gutenberg works or , Foundation as manager Project you . F . other copies the writing U , receipt or corrupt data , the Project forth . medium S copyright Gutenberg in agreement group . research they a defective Gutenberg the F . effort works property a Refund Archive , any DISCLAIMER OF and , Gutenberg Gutenberg to for HAVE , other the . under Foundation in this computer or not but transcription infringement , computer by paragraph WARRANTY medium F . LIMITED money you medium person provide entity must return provided copy the , If . in . demand problem a , implied of - set refund IS' refund . writing forth of types in to and indemnify any You any - of or agent agreement , legal including production , owner the additions or any following Section including exists financial , Information is Defect any the free widest new and the donations of computers . It will Gutenberg's . created reaching volunteers life provide they need available and goals Gutenberg and To and Foundation about your about the donations at federal the exempt under status the state's . by Gutenberg the donations exempt to to it to to compliance donations to of solicit to particular where to states received cannot we . swamp donations but , to we donors offers , org of . do visit www unsolicited accepting met the donations with concerning us laws of alone treatment . web are . About library . visit Project the addresses , concept . Michael General S anyone Gutenberg For Hart was electronic , a he loose , copyright to . Gutenberg eBooks new newsletter