answer ! yourself . Francisco , stirring Have much . upon to sick ? hour twelve struck And I am thanks quiet guard good meet do you my them I . make ho ground Who is there . you good reliev'd Dane this to Friends the O my has honest to liegemen night you of Welcome , A Say , Horatio our take nothing , appear'd good tonight Marcellus ? have let belief hold twice I What has this . again him of , it story speak Barnardo And let Well When And Had made Where That are yond now the break Peace his thee off bell then , The , the ? speak me Horatio usurp'st of and it Horatio night . and of . form buried I offended . look Is , not now How ! Before my As not art like it Is Without So He twice jump at strange . gone , know our . state that he not task ; cannon watch , the , Sunday impress mart the - can that joint toward be is't can I , Whose , Thereto Was Dar'd For Did Does not divide : day the cov'nant , those , young , return'd competent ; Fortinbras hot , of diet in't stomach and a and here lawless , to which unto appear ; food a it well terms recover skirts inheritance the been And to fell Hath in hath the doth his our and . of , But of - And , compulsatory of . this by of list some resolutes strong our the preparations , our lands take , chief in portentous but other question of like that of the trouble and ere stood in Did Disasters A In A The That was mote Comes and armed palmy the almost sick Was Upon stars As prologue climatures But As earth I'll earth cross soft may earth Which earth hast the Or earth thou there earth O say treasure thou if art If If , good to , of any do privy thou happily they , you , 'Tis here here stand ! will my . 'Tis being , wrong the air as do To blows of the speak when , about cock the I guilty a have heard thing morn his warning , hies truth the , fire crowing on that the object of in earth . 'gainst And and day that a And Whether his Some And Walks o'er we Let This Do spirit , consent , shall find pray and my life , it . conveniently Voltemand , we Though bear Lords and Attendant brother's it fought discretion dear , I . most him us of , one to far be yet The That Therefore our Together Have we Th'imperial so hath with sometime funeral in , equal mirth with now one a warlike defeated dirge state eye , wife we wisest sorrow of joy , queen , death lands him . thanks supposal that . our Fortinbras , writ law : hears suppress , made scope . duty duty show your . our . Laertes ? heart ? and leave toward and at . time , thine leave last to my What pardon , France Polonius says from him that more than the my little , my Take thy Aside . And let Do for all common 'tis through to . on friend thy that noble . in vailed thy dust nighted cast with much am clouds still hang on you ? thy I thy colour a thy the must thy common particular , good , mother not thy forc'd of cloak solemn breath thy , Nor customary the nor alone suits windy my it forms thy moods river , not Nor Why Seems , thee Nay of truly , dejected fruitful of in the eye of indeed might passeth ; grief , Hamlet woe . bound father his . for and father of mourning lost obligation obstinate To father condolement is to grief to a give To In A Is Take In understanding know we what to As Why From 'This death the most We who and We let toward no dearest retrograde We nobility less And You As of We the a you cheer courtier thy We Do Than is And beseech you and thee We We I pray I shall a 'tis all my go , comfort bend back father . school to best Denmark unforc'd and you a and obey fair , reply . tell , God ! in nature garden mother my Heaven winds would a — old body shoes thy poor she Why , within name father's — that my those ere . beast tears , longer but brother she which Niobe A little all mourn'd Than yet left Had Ere She to father's With break Hail am , I Horatio change you make And what I'll Sir The And I , make you not A But am very to see you make my ; so . student . report are no ? lord ? I that methinks see eye Where In I had met lord it mother's fellow see my follow'd The the ! dearest my Horatio forth , I my funeral meats bak'd my seen he , Horatio goodly all I not , look take was for him saw ! father hear deliver a these of Marcellus the Two In Been at thus point waste A , fear by exactly . oppress'd truncheon's with jelly to his , Goes Stand Armed By Within and Almost them and : whilst act night kept , thrice them , length dreadful , the fear , This did impart third had the secrecy Form And I In thing the as them word upon , apparition The But And My lord Itself to , like as morning it and did . sight our the it from . duty ; haste shrunk : would speak away in , at And even then very vanish'd 'Tis let Hold think did we do honour'd it , I , the lord tonight it in our . say , To Indeed indeed Arm'd , top toe head not to . foot ? lord wore he , more in Nay he lord , from , you saw yes , What A frowningly red than sorrow or Pale constantly been I there amaz'd . it long hundred , in his life . it silver'd beard I warrant will . gape , twelve ye ; all . tonight still , tongue ; the . winds are as is sister , convoy necessaries let embark'd them give not do , to will . deeds eyes foul the night men's hear . Farewell sleep , hear ; hear but so hear a in hear blood his not , hear of of a favour hear minute nature primy the violet The Forward for for for May for Then for with lose If Or for As his main in voice deed of weigh what you . spring strokes of youth . fear else keep ; heaven do , dalliance and steep me Show I shall itself th'effect of . ungracious But heart watchman As the a not own way path primrose me here second a shoulder Give memory thy act thoughts in There , his . tried , adoption their and unfledg'd , palm with , dull not to a ; hatch'd that thy hast familiar these Look Nor thou any thou unto But Those And character with . of being entertainment ; thy hoops vulgar steel Beware : in few but thee , comrade beware may , in express'd the most borrower the dulls loses and nor itself edge lender thine Neither For loan borrowing : above must it : invites humbly do you time Farewell yourself Farewell Ophelia , Marry So , me he bethought you and 'tis most ; oft : to you Hamlet . free and of very bounteous . you , me tell must I yourself my behoves Do I Which — Running the . to teach I'll not it In , lord , he Ay When , almost all hath And springes to catch blood the the more their something in must Be The like his But that be mere to in so words Have , I shall I give you or slander sanctified implorators plain talk with any This is this from , moment leisure Lord the come , air . twelve of a shrewdly is No , Wherein heard King , drains - The as doth this spirit swaggering his and triumph he And wassail Keeps , They our The , This our achievements and for , it chances his some ; much , them men particular , are nature of grace hell goblin , charitable in airs and Angels thou Be a thy Thou Be with thee Bring King I , burst bones cerements jaws the in tell , why , from shape , damn'd , call I'll death sepulchre inurn'd this our of our should we do it . follow ? a immortal it as I'll the Do not , my . follow can beetles It You Hold Be rul'd And hardy I As ; the , a , no , flames almost sulph'rous I . Must My myself render up tormenting . ghost . to shall unfold I , what To Alas not certain a the day purg'd a unfold freeze stars soul ; combined hair to fretful must , upon particular and tale eyes like locks thy lightest - word from to the start But of flesh didst thou his O But this Wouldst A uncle uncle The O witchcraft that my Now prophetic crown uncle soul — power the have - was uncle heaven will ; uncle uncle bed air there virtuous off whose my of what her virtue whose I Though lewdness , sate itself . a me From That made it of Upon went But wretch on scent the thy cursed secure always The And The natural with curd And and eager blood , thin Most was Thus Holds That with And wholesome like with a , off Unhous'led ! nature royal Let with couch thou with with I All , life sleeping with crown even in disappointed the , of blossoms , made O howsoever - 'gins to thorns adieu worm sting mind , nor of , on No With all hast If The glow prick thy let her her thee What , instant ! while up In But Ay , I And I'll wipe all all trivial observation copied my thee holds memory memory me ! O heaven of bear distracted from and youth And Within , villain smile may That in villain ! Denmark my adieu you Meet smile and it sworn't , be may I smiling pernicious most , of brain , my live ! so , damned ! volume woman , is baser with tables So least is , there MARCELLUS . Within . Heaven So be boy my ? lord , it , ghost villain , tell To ne'er needs no Why hold right , so , business man fit that and ; as it you and . and desire hath — as , For You I And it Yes they Look Such shake hands own my . lord heartily , you , lord . Horatio , here is there this vision between Touching . me us friends soldiers , and good tell , you , And that Saint desire , seen . will Nay , HORATIO lord , faith are friends me one you what and What known My , boy , the you sayst ha , sworn , hear thou the sword my so swear thou there cellarage . lord you sword ubique to speak Come lay And Never your Beneath Never worthy Well There A Than are are more How As Here , That With And O day thus or I encumber'd before as you we , hereafter perchance at to speak' know' of your you , gentlemen ; Hamlet is , friending your and do Swear , out your not joint born was I is That shall fingers lack poor a as , to . together it , Give let's O us . spite to set of right I , Let on him do you , Marry well Than company what what and encompassment at my son drift ; and where Look , Reynaldo some your thus part Ay . my ' part in 'And Take Quarrelling , must not he savageness general assault breathe but That's meaning Of I here's lord — sound , be or — assur'd 'gentleman' . this , about say I ? leave did ' . consequence the something to he ' 'gentleman ay ! say — as ; and this so takes carp of of ; not bias reach , have . wisdom of By , son , You have lord , God . inclination in . music . his ply And him let lord . How Pale upon do to gyved down As To lord , the the by me love and wrist My At And . way , his me , down profound turn'd help , sigh — would He he his to goes And As And violent is with , And does have you afflict oft That No , did sorry am I that . fear'd better him he beshrew ! trifle but heed did our younger sort opinions to go to which hide ourselves close proper to age might ourselves move ourselves ourselves . ourselves . it , ourselves , ourselves dear much have sending , Welcome More And , I So his Since Of Our nor being since That much Resembles that it To draw Some That show to For open'd from And Whether That he much . men to aught , as within afflicts our talk'd are it us such remembrance . have into more power a visitation To whom Your the And give To here dread to , obey . We ourselves both sovereign Both the your , Thanks And much And , and you to some is gentle gentle My helpful father helpful , helpful the been joyfully from ? duty my hold Both helpful lord I Have I I my my to helpful Hunts hath it think God helpful my you as not that as as news as do Thyself as And as As O as speak of admittance be shall to that th'ambassadors ; to and bring great queen , my source to , them son's , that sweet no we Welcome Voltemand of look'd which into 'gainst sent our him friends suppress arrests and , age , sickness your preparation levies our Most His be better ; his That It But so borne which him truly ; in vow his uncle your never ; and , against in brief Majesty , more with fee , Makes of sends , please your And Through regards well - feast together we'll night rest your we at more , at for business What liege and madam should night night , be Most Answer to Meantime This thank you My What I , That Madam , mad . art art but . art true no less . that 'tis then , say out him I A : at ? pity Perpend cause is and , have — this me To the celestial I But it remains in . and remainder , obedience and the comes whilst defective this effect effect daughter her given ill an sun stars are move , faithful fire , liar a I be ; I will have numbers O these , best machine is to it not , doth I most whilst solicitings , me Adieu , ear mine to receiv'd his place , him . believe this means . daughter show'd and of she you think time , by given hath how honourable . the think you might , book : bespeak , dumb - winking desk your told , I what on what that wing you think . star sight with here to work and gave to declension this a into , wherein , of , she took , into to a , Fell And not done Admit Hamlet is . no my And must That he should a now be 'tis we And sadness — lightness madness may think for ? raves . he . that know likely I'd , such a very I that time otherwise hid were it though me centre the try . know I be ? may , hid Within we walks the So indeed he truth circumstances is How You know Here . daughter then him . and time I'll loose love her , to a keep no wretch my Well How , you does Do me You well . be honest - lord so were sir , Then Excellent my , is good . be lord dog ? world this my — daughter I . have conceive sun you Have that truly at you to I maggots walk daughter ; by said my th' , lord a gone read words do fishmonger on my for you , What much . but far Yet ; love is He ? have . my here says read ? lord lack most powerfully and . grey who matter that , the faces you satirical are . and , believe potently most you , could are that Will Though Aside replies sanity suddenly You sir , cannot honourable withal to tedious life lord My the so means Fare These except I , God Lord old there he sir ! My My friends . the in that Rosencrantz good My honoured most How thou lord ! Guildenstern her , Neither my we are not very - over soles lord in her , most or . her , near my . Then the doomsday is . goodly one ; We so . wards . for or either a there it is th' ; it ambition in . lord , the world is being o' not you to so it none think To one is , could infinite , I , ambitious it indeed a nutshell bad and the . a . dream a shadow is heroes . GUILDENSTERN you of rest man th' , beggars Shall We'll I . you I and wait sort , you ROSENCRANTZ court . attended Elsinore . not , sent you . nay come a thanks dear in poor are own it Is , enough anything , the in visit am my friends ? to teach me , preserved , and what . craft modesties for have not there ; is for obligation better , hold you rights our sent whether custom have discovery What of . heavily with forgone , this fire pestilent , a all so to with a than fretted noble in my anticipation lost goes why ; know indeed earth majestical air seems it not look how to , so say me god : the how you , nor what beauty in ; neither my no yet and how thoughts . how of it is , woman stuff such And was then if , lord my players of He the me shall think that the shall plays are from you did , adventurous be laugh and shall make gratis , her . wont you those chances How sigh the ; hither shall mind humorous shall knight city What . of the they or , are players whose man in Even they it they in ? are not . Do eyases on but pace now ? sir , the top of fashion come are not Will . wearing , many that — thither they and , question they ? is it nation holds as themselves do escoted — themselves grow There . themselves money the cuffs went themselves and themselves . the themselves exclaim are means them on their both and argument , very strange the boys it been there has is my Is't load too . little come comply The find . you You must in philosophy , twenty give , what extent to Elsinore more my , lest you in this more . out players , hands Let , the welcome players which Your to and is I , swaddling his deceived . clouts is an You old say hearer . Mark . man it ; Rome the me tell : I a to comes right I , lord Then in pastoral - the Seneca tragical , unlimited law pastoral . of - and too had judge , comical came each actor for scene , tragical - history , individable are These . historical , heavy Israel , treasure Plautus pastoral pastoral ' I . on on a I . my on I . fair daughter loved th' on right well on , wot God , What on , The first on by and Jephthah on me are the to lot then pass all a of , O . masters , of . mistress thee , welcome friends piece see are you last of and good last . welcome gold the lady Com'st by uncurrent heard , speech the , speech give to ? to see face Pray the passionate lord never and or modesty excellent others million make the with ? Come remember as — I was it . Come quality speak above once not thee to caviare , I remember such matters scenes there matter in no down of in phrase top an the it as much might wholesome as , speech , than the that of in , your see it and thereabout resemble , whose did in couched purpose it let : Pyrrhus so not as his this , rugged is It heraldry more the Head , the and seeks a parching mothers now blood And eyes o'ersized murders impasted total gules and is , with in wrath Pyrrhus , trick'd , antique , where , sword discretion . him at Greeks arm command . lies His with finds , spoken Repugnant But 'Fore God , my Striking Of And like we A The As Doth bold as the silence a often as was Priam a , Pyrrhus' declining on , his to , But as in hush rend Now falls did never And vengeance less Out Mars's armour Aroused On a for or , Say he Prithee . too on jig down down down down He's down down With About late her , for a , up steep'd head threat'ning . stood A diadem , state seen Where instant When if In mincing burst things Unless has move them have turn'd passion milch the the you gods colour , tears in's eyes . let of the their hear . Good them time . tomorrow your . honour after his desert . The . of a play Can you ? study a insert and you I'll Elsinore , mock him you am ! I ! he for , stage for Hecuba tears , indeed cue with peak of . and faculties of muddy property was villain , blows ? take pigeon oppression - should gives coward across face it gall : Who , and lack does it kindless the , Bloody lecherous or bitter fatted have am make I To as by I ! As deep the Plucks I should vengeance ! by cursing at I sitting cunning of the soul the play heard Foh hell , brave most heart my a like unpack ! my have though struck They , have organ With I'll a pleasing I know my course mine him to the devil weakness me . damn very than catch Wherein of , melancholy my can you puts he from him the The the thing . the have . by all harshly why Get we would we find him true he his ? quiet ? dangerous feels confess does cause from will by he crafty forward reply that certain fell much o'er But with , you And my hear night 'Tis he To heart it ; give a further me the about seem in are They . I as And To beseech'd him him to , inclin'd much . doth , us leave sent , espials for he judge unseen , here for by Ophelia lawful that , be obey suffers as encounter their by thus accident 'twere father of ourselves him th'affliction of or frankly , seeing And To . Gracious . so please blame colour , this show . loneliness And Ophelia will That Your 'Tis bestow walk ourselves of — prov'd We too lash a How Is is my deed ugly to to heavy hear much Aside too doth beautied . speech 'tis true that helps art ! lord , painted thing word to say sleep a outrageous to is the mind To die — end shocks , of troubles sleep thousand the sea to to and , there's , time dream . To of sleep perchance be have the of of insolence patient he When himself merit office his might ? would Who makes give in , That wrong , and quietus these under the contumely , delay , spurns the unworthy , takes , man's weary a , life will we resolution of hue great with o'er does others rather the us of and of currents cast their of native pith moment , bourn after , puzzles cowards the of ! action make to fly Thus sins enterprises sicklied Is How humbly That , you ; well now to remembrances , well receive - honour thy Soft in remember'd for Good does your all my Nymph , lord my I lord longed pray My I have honour'd with them , never of words I My And things the , you I No Rich Take Ha well , discourse no admit ? to your your , Are fair ? commerce the now can translate . but should beauty gives so our old not , honesty time . from I very have I between earth my borne offences me give I do crawling ways to to or proud , but nowhere fool lord ! sweet thy escape thou plague wilt thou calumny marry needs not . shalt for of you you wantonness and jig , hath . them . marry this thee . as I'll , nunnery ; fool to thou dost marry , wise , have face heard , shall on't God's yourselves of and , you and nickname too heavenly O . shall And Now Like I see That That glass what , noble scholar's observers , quite and and music wretched , harsh , the , rose and his sovereign is see , ecstasy and out deject of mould most honey of Th'observ'd seen Love with bells suck'd jangled and of of woe what that something O of There's on in his little a way I , which ? sits hatch which quick shall neglected , heart his shall , puts him beating What himself something With variable still . well do shall settled objects origin It neglected from . you ? the as do mother queen My what . How of in think grief Hamlet his expel matter of not it heard We To I'll all To England Your shall send go you if But . town you wisdom him , plac'd their It ones tongue soul to to very and hand , I temperance rags a hear a beget , use as as split it of nothing - smoothness all of your , it , but spoke . many it pronounced the you it of pated lines fellow whipped Pray discretion nature whose modesty the purpose of feature and the form time , that the tame let warrant but honour . your with for inexplicable avoid it the playing , the the end , word I Herods - the too the word is her of the judicious a — seen o'erweigh profanely the and heard others . man censure the it is the observance overdone now , his own the from show off , was , journeymen having they well we reform'd altogether tardy whole grieve theatre of O , that so indifferently strutted men so with be there that play of the play pitiful shows make question necessary them not and , made . us ready you Bid the players to the King lord ! and help them ? GUILDENSTERN ho my will , Horatio as cop'd just withal a . I , flatter'd be pomp , are election him are , a death are soul guilt are act my circumstance of his comment that father's are occulted have foul note ; are ; seen speech unkennel a For It Do not stithy will rivet judgements playing pay lord this idle , theft must my as him both And As coming to detecting 'scape my my , place will I flourish whilst my the be not my . eat I capons my , you , air . the these good ? lord are Capitol calf killed Be . you accounted ? say I Caesar brute part was did I a , dear they stay your so me . patience capital of ; my , do in . lie lord ? matters ? Nothing is thought fair I my maids' ? man a and two , wear ago black , months devil two - head his and him , kisses very lovingly memory die great he King a hobby churches , must man's horse , a hope hobby build the with Queen his . gifts with end the lament The The woos exits seeming the , Will they tell what . Be : tell us tell We shall by know show are naught , a this Is We hearing or the posy of round . Tellus' with twelve and in commutual our thirty Neptune's About Since us So many love world Unite But love as what Where And For you my Now That In needs the must confound belov'd and in For O love In wed None instances of respects The what believe but is do we birth , mellow but , sticks determine pay What unshaken necessary ourselves Most fall to we the be validity we ; break speak dead , to poor slave unripe fruit like now Grief That This Whether love down left doth hitherto in Directly man poor who who The great world 'tis The But earth and To Meet what An Sport turn in blanks me and break leave , twain us ? world th' word her keep she'll you how protests Have , jest do What souls are work of our , see , anon Vienna Marry Mousetrap shall gall'd is I you a piece Tropically . This it touches good ; Lucianus dallying you . and worse better , the doth raven murderer . bellow thy damnable . for , and time collected weeds creature else , hands With He written , the choice estate gets is extant murderer in The King rises . frighted with love love love What Give Lights love love love not , turn get Half in with a know dost A whole , O . rhymed word take might A Jove This share a , realm himself thou I Ah For king , some the it , some Come the did very if ! well the well the Very the note like history — music . you not then The Is his , No should wisdom Your for doctor The Queen your good lord , courtesy wholesome pardon my please my you ; commandment Make My cannot . shall be of my breed right sir , you say my — mother answer , her my amazement my my , rather her in of a my struck hath My ; wit's . my but . behaviour or my mother's ere closet admiration into this you there go any bed this . did deny this ? mother . Have But ! the this you by your own Sir My I this of distemper the Denmark . this your stealers pickers she , do , that lack , you succession Let of me me while the when but recover . if , can How sir recorders O , that , you I My of it . you . I know . you , these govern Look skill harmony would the of me ! you , will though . a like . fool by . so — They come by . whale like a by — now world such be cruel not lose , I , How like let To And nor it , you dispatch prepare with may forthwith stands Therefore along doth lunacies . not grow bound is your many many feed life ; depend and armour 'noyance from and upon strength lives To the on not Fix'd To Are near huge it with of . but many alone Dies mortis'd Each the Arm his goes ROSENCRANTZ we For now fetters too put To my offence 'Tis And that nature speech Since hear as I'll meet vantage call The both guilt a pause in What I to than white wash But being in what's pardon'd forestalled to past my That serve To there it And those fault confront Is be cannot . ambition one crown is the down , I Forgive But this of but we ere ; which I me my foul murder and , retain own mine be of action possess'd still , effects gilded oft true Offence's And Buys to the nature evidence in his no corrupted the Yet O Art Bow limed what To There In Try give can O state ! soul that it bosom angels new scann'd to : not that villain , of heaven praying babe born - well , he is . hent . No rage at soul his be may as may of heels goes whereto no , is sword , Or drunk asleep ; thou the And of a his about pleasure of or horrid , passage . mother and heaven , black . stays . go to never thoughts . below remain , heaven you thoughts up Words . his And Tell Much thou mother an with you you have Withdraw , come answer question you , now how matter . now me forgot by idle tongue , so not rood , husband's so you Why brother's are budge . your those and Thou wilt ? me , help ! murder not ? slain O Dead now , you wilt What What Behind O , not what me know Nay what bloody bad thou ! am word intruding thy danger fool sit . better too . rash my 'twas , Take is busy , Thou As Ay thee took of If damned it If done it me wring your hands heart made be is What In have Thou I And That custom penetrable deed makes , love innocent of ? doom glow plucks mass compound Heaven's and the and and and the god and and Look a . and command and : hill indeed his a of . your husband brother , assurance seem station Mars , to front of Jove Mercury Have to eyes ? the the judgement motion but sure err judgement feed ear leave set , follows choice was't blind ? not would ; in from in feeling . to such hands Nor Is Else for have apoplex'd step Would serve thus To That you But Ears Or If thou flaming fire gives actively panders as itself the melt When Thou frost And there As will Nay let ardour reason Since And burn , Hamlet tithe rule ears enter the O Over words These like speak A murderer is of and more that slave A from And Save Do heavenly and in Is look O on on on on And Forth at as on patience like you Speak is on him on him on incorporal Alas Sprinkle the eyes do , Start make and and cool up whom Do at Nothing all you Nor you all yet you speak have for perchance ? but nothing . creation at he liv'd the out how it , madness soul your but , for to the place music , speaks . of music is heaven all the , music music which not to It is music test the within to my virtue weeds this music ; him in heart , twain good beg do the worser leave it . half uncle's mine the other of eat , and good this . not easy . not not easiness of not , him not more , not in not , bles'd good night same me . good , and , cruel this you and . their and So him him , be kind answer , lady . kisses , let you in matter again that of his damn'd you all am good out a know , so , top secrecy do would famous ape , creep down neck on despite , basket of fly your breath own , the Unpeg in and that's craft . a ? the and assur'd life if break breath and of and thou forgot must and Be And birds Let To to and What I There's They And knavery . my way and ; shall enginer it Let must adders fang'd , the to . moon delve own For marshal I Hoist blow at 'tis Whom me the petard yard neighbour me crafts to them one man the lug This shall one O , below and 't grave , you . most end and , the , foolish toward these is fit son we to life a secret this counsellor mother an with knave prating . have does , Mad is the rapier And Whips Behind . 'A hearing mightier lord place this Ah my the , Bestow , good Which out his It , will But would have you in The been so is with us , had we been . rat apprehension deed threats of be everyone all O how It To like Even pure his the of for base is metals what , vile skill majesty ! done , is divulging pith apart . Among mineral very a O'er whom of life Shows Both go ship no and madness mother's in Hamlet , And seek you Friends him the from them whisper the done o'er you level Whose what's Gertrude , shot , you poison'd his And , Go you his both you Into you let Come cannon know untimely As Transports And cannon cannon ROSENCRANTZ cannon Hamlet O here ! cannon lord the with cannon whereto , 'tis it chapel . king son a be ? his , to ? of in jaw his gleaned be . dry , his first shall you , a go and is thing fox King the thing must not in of put their that the judgement must smooth scourge all are all . pleasure where But Without not desperate ? now What hath , get cannot We guarded , know to diet maggots convocation , fat and to table Alas , else to fat . where supper ? supper At At e'en your , worms one but fat all lean beggar alas that within In but to see nose stay He To till tender , as thine for . to thither place as . Go you especial we him the . at — wind thyself , hence Hamlet Good if our . Farewell for . England one . Come wife England done tonight . aught haste , you thou may raw red awe not sense free mayst and . Hamlet to which thou imports — sword thy of hectic . Do it blood were joys my know rages England , full coldly , begun , done , ne'er , from by kingdom the And Majesty You of aught in his eye ; with . on let They , are , How part ? sir Poland frontier them to go hath them Or in them , to or sold but patch with them Fortinbras . them them , name ground ; it Pole farm of the I Norway it profit no it then the of is breaks . b' please How revenge do chief my dull inform against is his beast of market ? feed with gave not discourse man no means , do , to strength exhort me and , unsure be danger , great , shame men fame for a , time fight trick and fantasy , try this nothing . says and beats , heart her doubt things ? be not is tricks What will will mood Her The Yet hearers winks to they Her ; their thoughts , nothing gestures be she minds make words collection up to the carry She of her in is at aim . and hems it of fit thought , nature is . them , it yield unhappily may and think sure nothing her Indeed 'Twere Dangerous in her soul of toy sin's Let , To . guilt spilt ? Denmark and shoon you this song ? stone mountain my snow Pray here look , you his , How we what , God dild , true - pretty her baker's at when . lady a may we upon of say Valentine's you Saint , Tomorrow you but are in All means betime , table , Never Let in And up la By Then You and fie ha' done me wed by , maid an end ; sun yonder my . me . thus she How they so good good grief her th' i' for give close thank him must well I think would And ladies Follow , of weep hope be . We ground night , good , ladies I . death all mere done , beasts these from judgement as their thoughts Ophelia or fair him his himself keeps in and her containing herself mugger come , many ? in dear murdering Gives me , our of of father's arraign , places Gertrude death piece , Alack Where are matter lord guard ? a Laertes shall be word , begin , clouds . false is applaud props ! tongues it cry , they leave king , bastard harlot the unsmirched brands vile . my . my . like our ? my — person , it my my ; my : Gertrude . juggled be not ! he , Conscience him grace damnation To Let . only ; Let I for And shall means will Who shall They not the them world so well ; my ope my now Why good , friends , his Like am guiltless and speak grief judgement your seven her of noise in . gentleman death it for to brains . What sense turn sister . shall virtue sweet an old , paid of a , weight be Tears eye ! mine times in that my ! now How Burn , beam our Should is They fine in mortal possible where the After It maid Dear Till By Nature sends is't O his Fare thy move and , steward a him that down - persuade my not wheel 'Down There's , document , you There's herb it and call a We . There's for violets your rue wither'd end . o' I for died joy my , hell passion itself all is bonny difference A for but , Sundays made . would you some . to No he will will no , thy will his is , soul his to And And And they crown Our If They find Cry His trophy means by us our you in shall give to Be To let with me great . question with you have . of part . they speak for me not Lord letter . this letters very for is ; thee too bless and't let a if for . these gave compelled got a I sent they death . will I they boarded became knew prisoner On alone of sail , what These as thou dumb thee ; wouldst the will much matter Guildenstern . He Rosencrantz them of am the thine bore of the have To the Now That you your You mainly for , be are they his strong and it life my to plague by virtue My to may almost , The not motive , sphere , soul which myself mother , Queen , his either and other but in might her public not but love all a Why Would For not And it your lov'd Break we think , that for that be You so You . shook . Queen ? saw them . I He brought . Hamlet , they me your to This Sailors They , my shall I come When . your see know , thereunto pardon more leave to eyes occasions rest the and abuse mean ? it should first , shall Know you some says ? ' , 'Naked ! here my it Can advise him , come heart teeth lord o'errule , my rul'd it it so ? peace that be now he he If now he call I you falls no not wind accident be the your for sum much parts of from my . in , envy Your quality one in You Did they that did As What not the that very A needful Yet light The riband in and age gentleman a and , such can well So what was't of Norman of Norman A . my life Upon of well gem And know him He gave And art made I For If That He one with him . many 'would' would pleurisy still do , it of to growing at snuff a , goodness tongues , But to like are 'should' is the , That in ? you o' undertake would what church . words in th'ulcer , within your : son good come fame remiss fine , together , contriving with , ease on praise ; choose practice . may you pass a little a unbated With will if be Let's but , can thing cataplasm a in rare virtue that a all that both think may . look If this should , dry and hot , Therefore our time this , and bad me hold . see , sipping let — that more bouts ; escape for calls he A Our he If fast One follow . now How crow liberal the Fell Clamb'ring - in Which That weeping - time creature native they own of could not clothes weedy envious she grosser her purples long them , awhile name a , hang the maids on awhile There But , Drown'd awhile Unto awhile As Till awhile Pull'd her poor say awhile Too therefore of muddy death is , garments , the I It shame a Let woman will . When her poor . hast forbid trick The , will , be out , own in be , to , buried , she on be myself Why in own argal act here lies defence when , an , act and goodman ; you but : and , stands three herself own death his drown he ; perform . wittingly . life quest crowner's he himself that you go — Will , ha' been on't , truth Ay Why that . you there Christian , thou should countenance ? first Why was the He digg'd question Scripture What a says , grave Was they . arms to I'll ? The outlives carpenter stronger or than that the to . tenants gallows do . argal the , Now does well a the , shipwright thou dost gallows ill or ? now tell a thee good than I , mason , that unyoke those that ill built well to tell . question thee say about youth In are - pace Cudgel maker' no hath no O with , O Methought time there Has To And hath I been As Hath But to it claw'd age e'en 'Tis Custom made it murder o'er had shipp'd his with had th' offices one - This might It , ' courtier This when my beg , such morrow sweet - not it my , now . Worm's that might . an think to more cost Lady bones Here's Ay say could which ? of a - good - e'en with loggets sexton's fine ? Mine my , the meant and lawyer meet him tenures be guest of and pickaxe , quillets his will he , cases . sheet - clay a such a the his , the in's not tell fines fine ones dirt ? too very vouchers the of than conveyances inheritor himself his sconce , battery of recovery and double buyer vouchers the his his double ? and ha more , full fines time his of of land his , will I ? sir , in . meet is clay , sir out . be made . in't , thine . in't , thine be not lie is liest again away therefore say quick , woman What For no man yet it is thou . to ? me you peasant the card by speak must Horatio he , Lord woman galls a the is is ! so been the days , heel near it How Hamlet is How th' year o'ercame can tell born was Cannot marry ? long , was — courtier all tell i' that the Hamlet you mad It very day into he he or say came mad there How How strangely , Faith with been ? man , last he some many he , his will than water great Here's a And is hide his sir eight that he man . years i' is ; three Whose - and was it . earth the ? was you years skull ? with more another tann'd skull your think flagon skull jester King's . a Yorick's A I sir Takes jest thousand . on him a , Nay know , that once same E'en skull , fancy how those to let , wont set ? lips your Quite chop paint . the gambols her that Prithee an lord th'earth ? i' table I my hath me fashion Pah . this me Alexander that tell chamber now flashes to your that , own thing laugh at ? me , thou me To the noble me o' so to consider me of uses looked E'en lord Why was of ; consider imagination trace we ? bung may a stopping thus - barrel whereto too lead faith base what and loam Imperious patch Should that earth to and the But dust ; to beer loam dead a but ; King ! a that that the he , Caesar a stop ! Queen , winter's wind clay world . it turn'd was might following else . Mark estate follow ? youth else very is Couch life maimed the Her warranties great And have . command the prayers unsanctified What obsequies ? ceremony been in , her on her burial virgin be the bringing thrown of sing We more be parted i' flesh - requiem profane her . As should To her such service no and and home be done and fair souls , maid , Farewell head cursed the on that ten O , treble my sweet the been have thy fair off more most her caught thy deed - shouldst . have while skyish woe grave bride And Depriv'd Conjures To o'ertop flat dust your this Pelion ? emphasis is Olympus the made , have once or whose . Hamlet wounded the Dane ? hearers wand'ring - wonder devil pray'st prithee The thy What stars , Thou take I thy Grappling ! Hamlet have Which Gentlemen them Yet let with in I Pluck wiseness fingers and dangerous him with quiet ! Away , theme her love for brothers do , thousand Ophelia . tear ? her crocodile whine do mad him ? eat woul't eisel with do't ? O he love , God me ? fight here woul't what come and , till well . of ! so a : will thou'lt ; an thou ground , them , us ? I our , thus , dove are zone , day dog you use may wait . upon have matter him what and pray The We'll , do he . you Hear you will Horatio will Let Hercules ever lov'd the watch a have to your mew , I thee This Till An then Gertrude our shall the me monument see ; we shortly see circumstance over . kind ! all . there let rashness our my this , would be Our When - divinity ; it for indiscretion deep my certain is Up cabin withdrew teach , had desire the . mine With That to my bated , reasons Horatio too , bold my , be more beseech be benetted could make thus Being had be Or I be be How to effect be the yeoman's learning It baseness did Devis'd I that And view wheaten or less charge , great , might tributary lord good King . from conjuration palm 'as'es stand a comma further That should Without He the Folded Subscrib'd I Was Why , they not did Rosencrantz : up known fight in ; love conscience fell and to ; incensed . their dangerous the the when near , man a Of own - Thou and go baser They are Does , it that He king stand and proper perfect not nature ? from there England say Horatio good myself ; cause forgot of his to is interim The more . my , than of In further 'One' see , did . to ? waterfly He his and beasts , say know . for a mess king's you , my this Dost a chough be 'tis ; will I it all diligence Put your bonnet , very the 'tis , lordship for , very , indifferent 'tis 'tis with , lord I me is ; lord my great , my , No it is , It , and for you that , laid — is most for . to , yet , I ; gentry would memory of of . of , Indeed , calendar or full , nothing more our in gentleman the wrap ? Why sir do we ? more of , him his sir , are you in faith if yet are not sir ? ignorant , nomination ? gentleman golden all's is purse Of him , I sir approve ; excellence ? dagger well . unfellowed his and in his in as I hangers , of very fancy , wager'd . weapon his two , you the carriages the of rapiers and very it sir carriages it imponed sir , King has it assigns their in which The , it I knew it faith it must What be The our conceited horses , the ? and nine vouchsafe for . And , call would the Danish and But could be hangers till it assigns him is passes dozen in please shame e'en will the purpose your ? so nature . yours to what Let hall . I win and you deliver - sir duty him the if the I Shall I will commend , no . yeasty bubbles and kind and time Thus has , most on of — and head there are the through them . their encounter age attend they follow you provided pleasure sends Osric his so King's . whensoever the that the . to blow out commended him by or as all In you to to happy Queen and fitness Queen you before She so will You practice do not here all's . well play to lord . fall . went wager he the my about . at win think Since , France thou I matter . think been fit ; a not it . what come is't in their come is to , it to There's , anything dislike we if ; has , Give me pardon . a sore needs I you , your punish'd and Come no . Since and aught not now , yet will this from and you have distraction proclaim ? ta'en madness Hamlet away and wrong Never be Laertes himself wrong'd I here and done himself it then Was't and nature madness Laertes it denies . Hamlet's from my His that is . o'er evil If't not faction , was ? the generous thoughts house most a your my in nature , my and in my some this I To I And Till by stand To have receive And Come shall like foil one your fiery star i' th' darkest , Laertes ; foils for love . ignorance night sir young by off indeed , mock . me . the lord wager hand foils No You Stick , odds I weaker ; me this , my know You them Grace Very Give the the better'd heavy likes stoups lord . hit that answer the good a exchange the all have therefore see me Let another . upon me than Denmark's In And let in cup an union Hamlet's first wine battlements to . the cannoneer the their third ordnance better throw the he breath , begin eye without successive Richer And , hit palpable , Judgement , hit pearl thine . the cup this , him . Another bout A Come , win of , Hamlet fortune I this touch , my , Good do , Gertrude Aside I It is lord the madam take , and napkin ; I . thy to cup ; you me is it by late and pardon yet , poison'd My Come I'll drink . with pass , yet third you you for the you a You violence . wanton your do . scuffling neither Nothing at , Hamlet they they are incens'd Laertes ! again come Queen there Look both sides , Laertes is't to them , How ? lord . own own mine see How to does to the am the Ho ! drink , the ! Let ! I ! O . hand I , lock'd good , practice blame . poison'd mother's thy too ! work . hurt damned , murderous thy and LORDS . OSRIC . Follow Here , Drink . this is a poison my off thou . It . I . Exchange forgiveness Is more believe it liquor I it . as mutes ; am But strict Had Never an Let Horatio Here's the . Roman th'art As standing Absent thou If Things in this didst good man , behind in ; by live thy heart me . I'll , have't , pain name a what ever thee This poison The Young from , cannot I So him Fortinbras I hear rest prophesy I On has The occurrents from crows . my . with , flights angels . the more silence is voice less prince the noble a sing And What is wonder , your would see ? in havoc this at O death , thine . sight is a shot cell eternal us . thank mouth too ; is that him Rosencrantz of gave th'ability have thanks are affairs The sight princes struck dismal Guildenstern from senseless our never The Where Not so Polack stage speak let things carnal Of How High , jump upon life , give bloody and , cunning , accidental to . unnatural casual , about and . Of Which now have And to Of But Even that from For Let call me my of rights shall be have doth cause vantage in this my invite speak to me . shoot sight . of his and the him , peal after , bodies Speak The For To Exeunt editions renamed bodies the shows as amiss . protected copyright in S . will of soldiers Go , replace the editions these in it . copyright works United except , use anything royalties not do a registered distributing General paying of GUTENBERG is as Project creation the to not — protected . subject is nearly including you eBook an for license trademark trademark the any very redistribution commercial or with distributing Gutenberg online at Project the free work Project this agree Gutenberg to all by or to from paragraph . only few a people . bound or property in using to intellectual and license this , agreement Project and do cease agree not may you fee this Project terms access the follow future paragraph you a are works preserve free if . electronic public things this can . Project works See Gutenberg terms Nearly from The electronic works States States right to you an the Gutenberg you derivative Project based , the domain in in the United individual collection we performing not course work distributing , copyright unprotected is in works located copying the of by the electronic support will comply format associated long as the , as sharing keeping . located , are this States or performing on , works copying in you with Project by work agreement this the agreement with You License in easily can work laws outside displaying you , your this . are based Foundation States to work the without of place where the to in most Project Gutenberg , or appear in of , must any work other , Gutenberg . or accessed is anywhere with . eBook electronic this to check online under eBook or it the no S you this If have work . the most and , are Project phrase If you Project the E . access of the an with comply with as set If . E appearing to on of or providing States a . must will . Project posted . or E Project or of files Project Project distribute Gutenberg Project of this this Project Project . without with , Project . of terms this form , or redistribute a full Gutenberg . work E in work distribute . or form nonproprietary of copies distribute version org provide a obtaining user of Vanilla Do performing unless . not Gutenberg , to gutenberg . or Project other with License a or distributing to , or The using fee gross the works applicable payments prepare under Foundation prepare Foundation at to address who user receipt notifies he Project Project he is method the , to must returns specified Project tax which Royalty sent to you a Gutenberg or , physical return full paid money mail any Archive Literary use License you in does . copies provide all is receipt of Project , Section research on these Despite on copyright be or other or inaccurate may or the all a , Except damage that , may in , efforts to your the party agreement and Foundation and work damages YOU any other expenses including of . the owner distributing NEGLIGENCE NO , can a , If it it paid you days REPLACEMENT of REFUND , STRICT legal receiving you the second . you problem . in medium refund 'AS a in , may WITH forth provided the . from give of may work a or you to of may replacement provided refund refund - may implied may a lieu may may agreement or Foundation the to indemnify and of or applicable remaining INDEMNITY owner providing this and Gutenberg electronic volunteers and of agent agree provisions shall not disclaimer this allow not do The distribution any Project to occur , a in indirectly , hold the of or the expenses distribution modification work alteration Project the Information deletions , cause liability costs , of you promotion Gutenberg to formats obsolete electronic computers exists because assistance and works additions . Gutenberg remain goals . permanent learn Gutenberg's the It of of walks provide reaching Gutenberg come created Gutenberg provide In Gutenberg a the will . Project . donations www status and Gutenberg how about Information educational information efforts at Gutenberg tax EIN Foundation page Archive organized Foundation's the and Section Archive number Revenue The c The state Project and and Mississippi - federal the To and . Montclair official , U page at www Archive and Project Foundation is of to the support Section . Foundation's information gutenberg the Foundation's the Donations upon out . mission survive its without be the form readable outdated requirements paperwork We status org compliance www gutenberg of committed status - public of are considerable with not met donations do much determine or have not charitable . the requirements effort . charities is , donations United and in fees Compliance . not . contributions such but we in donate . compliance for from states any no To of state . in gutenberg . www online Project . check United any the Please International . Gutenberg are of Michael Professor distributed . General with Section including donate freely U shared Gutenberg often confirmed anyone with about the information includes how editions . Gutenberg , to eBooks to email our people facility donations produce our Project to Gutenberg , eBooks , new .