Who's ? unfold ! live Long Barnardo ? Stand and there Nay , You now carefully Francisco bitter . yourself . relief sick . quiet at 'Tis bed Get struck 'Tis most this I am a much thee to , there is Who . guard had I hear If The rivals do my good haste ho Marcellus and Horatio meet ground you night . there , who soldier has , what Say good piece honest night . good , Marcellus . Welcome , Holla What , thing sight this , come to appear'd I . Welcome . tush , Tush against eyes He this not 'tis but our , the dreaded will Therefore I let down again , And your apparition of of 'twill speak and . it fortified sit t'illume , burns Marcellus of pole . all westward then that , myself again it thee made his bell Peace break Where let us that's . like scholar the In same Had Looks Most with Mark it King — that's off figure , speak the It would harrows It majesty that thou Did fear wonder form Denmark thee , it . speak ! away I charge offended warlike night See charge thee . look pale ? believe ! true fantasy ! to ! the , think gone Horatio this What Before ! smote So He frown'd he once , Norway in When Without he jump at by gone strange before , sledded angry combated thyself he the King parle on had ; the . Polacks when me state land brazen whose of cast the In Good Why But what martial twice Thus Doth now in the gross and scope , most strange eruption to tell observant the of from , Sunday war cannon watch : haste . task day King emulate Fortinbras appear'd . inform - toward the divide might not night the make least Dar'd to the side , this Thereto , the even That is't Who you prick'd Whose as , Was Did For Which he Against gaged To inheritance , carriage Had Hath up unimproved hot sir article ; who known world a all the , competent heraldry , and , of Fortinbras the design'd , same return'd ; lands conqueror moiety ; vanquisher Hamlet Of That hath Shark'd the His So his And to it lost this haste motive And , appear , hand state here , Norway and resolutes a But Well it and rummage and our watch . compulsatory terms I may that other of be mote watch these King figure watch of portentous e'en the watch like watch , so eye Rome the watch the sort armed was little trains sun stands star and tenantless watch with in influence of with doomsday and ere to mightiest watch fire That A it is our high gibber of coming mind's of fell blood sheeted Neptune's to demonstrated . countrymen it comes again , the and stood Disasters the the precurse and ! heaven harbingers Have And the I'll hast there do any it If But soft cross That Unto If may , art Speak good me of fate may ! foreknowing thy me ease and , me . where it behold , be sound any to to to strike it . stand ? partisan speak and Marcellus here walk , I Shall ! here crew the like started was It We To malicious . fearful it about to vain blows as is , speak offer Awake Whether To his object probation truth , the of made the crowing confine This It on faded , And , no singeth no , The Some cock , that is the trumpet the to and warning , herein sea fairy Wherein bird Saviour's hath ; abroad long witch nor , takes have look the morn , eastward in believe russet do , dawning ever part , to tonight hill our my by of us to young But Walks the watch impart Hamlet in needful you dew we pray , fitting with it , know morning Attendant , Though The Cornelius , we spirit This Do I our consent of bear him kingdom of woe . our this our Yet we , Therefore 'twere jointress mirth With Your wisdoms nor and auspicious Together as , and Have With one Th'imperial scale along better Taken With a Now funeral to , thinking brother's frame , out and Colleagued the pester dream young all which you supposal disjoint dear that follows state with , affair Holding Or Our not to of brother late : those for and ourself late by his , Importing hath late most late late be He late For , uncle business the our To for Now this good You His Of , herein impotent of In To business with to you Out The his You And Farewell ; And lose You That of Denmark to the the to native wouldst of Laertes We now your shall The the What in , Yet And to though whence To thoughts now I and gracious toward , and me ; leave confess duty must But thy And He you my will hour best , Laertes it , than kin . How that at . sun than my thine , go be time leave hard less spend graces my the , cast thy clouds A eye thine Thou , a with ever , father the vailed off lids dust too let know'st Hamlet Do for , madam it so Nay alone windy Nor Seek 'tis through is inky , it Why Seems Ay ! all Nor sweet the have are they For Together To These But That not my of haviour truly actions , suits suspiration the me . moods , No but these mourning , his know filial lost . But a incorrect heart Of In obstinate sorrow . most simple for to duties that within the and A For Take heart ? the most against Why it absurd till . so first corse fathers of should It shows unfortified understanding we what An , a and mind vulgar any To Is A fault a must the unprevailing Than back toward impart In beseech cheer comfort you you to you . For our you died today to earth us note throw think world immediate ; the with which to , and bend school father bears the to nobility and less : son Wittenberg reply of whereof ; again tell today grace shall , to not obey , best . Hamlet away a and of 'tis gross come to should things solid to the clouds shall Come bruit would dew ! two : nature ! that ; the roughly beteem ; satyr . an and , the , slaughter into this unweeded uses itself not fix'd O had God in garden ; was and earth to of heaven not — month like married that my poor on would appetite Why too not winds of , those Frailty shoes wants but Within galled uncle she body were is a had name old even mine , tears post my with , father's — discourse reason father a your to Hail She to I glad flushing salt Hercules have married to mourn'd Would to Than I With is it dexterity O . to But to It such to I ! to to . lord Marcellus Wittenberg with friend good change that see even you your same servant ever , sir what , to in But I A not you it truster my hear your , make from . you my lord so - student funeral meats marriage in Horatio heaven . mother's hard . bak'd wedding upon see my The funeral , lord my , Did Or My I , see day , foe tables met , In Where my — seen I mind's man once upon his for was he ; With Who all all in , Saw , lord , I admiration my ? me on their For This these of , figure middle and . A , and slow Goes Armed the thus Appears before Stand I Where And dumb Within his , dreadful had word your . was with In the The of where But platform ? like knew These with secrecy , deliver'd the comes where . address , in . crew loud away our sight we none . did I you made : none it , the none haste lord writ we none To But at But none head And And Itself It then I do , know sirs you none , and it . me in watch the do none vanish'd And live did let 'Tis Arm'd From lord My saw top . tonight . We up foot to beaver frowningly he , countenance A , head . his not ? than his wore in , pale had upon ? eyes , his And you . it . hundred long a tell . Stay'd . like very , one While Longer Not when I and no , life no pray sight still understanding whatsoever And I to it If assume my conceal'd shall , tenable have it it And bid . hap and . honour . you fare tongue should itself person , your 'twixt , not deeds them sit convoy let But I My father's still the all play in ! would foul some doubt necessaries are night come rise eyes . foul : men's , is , embark'd winds the and sister it violet The A Forward fashion a trifling the not , so not grow suppliance , in , Hold Hamlet The withal nature and No No thews His weigh'd now greatness virtue In wide And he himself ; soil his , For sanctity health his must for Unto and The nor inward . but nor he nor will and head the And he nor , of on his not loves cautel will is as for nor what in he Whereof nor . Then yielding to far so deed your list Denmark loss saying his the nor weigh heart voice you his . importunity chaste honour dear treasure songs no and whole unvalu'd his place is goes , enough is and your desire prodigal of beauty her unmask rear it my , with Or keep , To you the shot danger spring not the and most , open ear your : in none But . near keep my to heaven , thorny and steep not I to then safety good way , lesson do ungracious . of best , brother pastors libertine . father . dalliance comes . double a is And Do as his upon here me of own rede . tongue . means Give precepts thy thought thy blessing of , second , shame sail your aboard his with hatch'd to not entrance Yet stay'd sits in Nor thou But each - thou familiar , unto Of do not For fancy oft in express'd they in every the Costly man's Bear't For of Of above must follow : borrowing And loses the be to . true ; be friend in this leave , any man , your servants . lord my . thee my take to memory , well bethought : yourself and very hath to time me 'Tis Have in be way of your so do it As understand that And So is't private Given If it told he of — put of late daughter you on and bounteous me tell daughter must , daughter to lord Of you not daughter in my You my like made . daughter green many . you I girl , daughter them should , tenders ! Pooh believe daughter to thus , he me tender wind Tender think yourself poor a me of yourself , teach ta'en . the you'll it My may it go my , you do I And With honourable In you fashion lord hath fashion to lord , making time your of , as . maiden for your it is a presence Hamlet this - fire so a promise at he From Lord is he , In For these woodcocks do know soul daughter , prodigal . in : vows their in Believe not dye that of Not Have better believe be with command take higher few him parley ; to scanter that are suits bawds . leisure , may young , time , investments which like to you give Breathing to shall bites It , not shrewdly . air . struck it , it I a and ; not to draws the season . near hour What and spirit doth Keeps a his drum - he wake tonight this mean the his of ? custom though marry am , Ay More This King kettle Is . Rhenish ; reels observance . phrase height in , not . them guilty , of forts and of chances it some their down some his nature mole wherein choose manners Nature's virtues breaking Oft As infinite — be as , censure general as are men particular in cannot nature birth vicious their by or stamp that much , pales habit o'ergrowth too these that Carrying in As all spirit ministers thee Be of heaven wicked Be and lord my will com'st airs a thou Bring Doth From his , Look Wherein Hath To royal Dane defend thee a in . such call from damn'd us Angels of , Let I That Have thou That up the horridly , our nature souls should away with desire , action more . impartment of the moon But waves some to It It is thoughts go removed it you with Do my will no with . lord by . it ground means courteous To Look do go it . follow not Why not waves do What That beetles you me what as itself ? fee to flood toward it my , It , forth of other sovereignty ? of desperation , to . the beneath every still follow You not shall on It off waves , me Be me Hold My cries hardy me the petty ; each And me in go . artery shall me . out fate call'd I'll away me of me on , ghost I as . thee ; fit imagination . in Heaven . To after Have follow 'tis thus to this will Denmark ? follow him . Something , me I'll go no . come . is sulph'rous almost to hour , render and not , Alas me art ? when revenge to tormenting myself Must Speak to , spirit father's fast am . in house of days that - prison , I a Till Are To I could the and foul walk my unfold away am And burnt tell thy Make two up ears Like But If thou flesh the it is and best unnatural , God his Murder ! God unnatural God as in I foul as , foul God O God foul God , thoughts the , God the , thee meditation in stung by forged so youth of . love wings with ; in sleeping in , the ; this . noble thou of ear father's . his sting my life my ! Mine prophetic Ay crown than wharf , power — traitorous beast virtuous was to gifts that , with soul have that the off of even whose a - vow link'd will decline , heaven be the his won to So I a wretch in whose hand in in a on be my hour sate to a scent Sleeping the within the . stole , vial did hebenon . always secure cursed of quicksilver distilment my of ; posset body through man in as such Brief though , lust itself ! Will prey uncle morning And me leperous swift And With juice My of porches an enmity thy pour of blood thin And natural The a - O in thee of bed reckoning all nature horrible damned . head incest Denmark bear , pursu'st and this let mind Taint And thorns . to shows her sting and glow And 'gins But Let A not , the his to ! to well , near ; contrive once . me of ? sinews stiffly while . host you Adieu prick O , And To The hell my bear But couple you shall saws Ay And instant ! heaven O ! O Hold , not the all all and books Yea , poor up old seat ? thee records , past , villain , you may I That , I , uncle tables villain My smile Meet At . O Within So am , O sure most least one villain , smiling I to ' , 'Adieu It Within there sworn't MARCELLUS Hamlet secure ho Illo , Hillo is't Come boy ho , my , tell , O my , What , my — heaven and you'll , MARCELLUS , I Nor Not . from come arrant , this lord say then But heart would you secret HORATIO by But There's Ay lord i' . you Why hold , as are but I'll and and we us tell more To fit every For I , business — These right that hath and , I'm wild Look ; You And your are hands shall desire all , point circumstance and poor part — part desire lord my heartily And offence that what us , Touching between vision . Horatio , there my heartily offend faith , know honest Saint Yes It O'ermaster't As , one friends much What make lord known what will . lord swear't , we Nay , tonight . in lord . have sword my , My I In faith my my . indeed thou in ? stage oath Come of you . truepenny ? sword my fellow to sayst , boy on to , Hic . my sword lord Swear . shift , heard . have by this upon by that our speak the , seen . fast . mole Canst work remove give so meet mercy - shake head on But you think if to by encumber'd antic or 'There could doubtful phrase and be out , some 'We list we That know speak' ambiguous : times never me or hereafter shall , not — this most such , To I put an , before strange That or odd thus pronouncing you . shall seeing Swear my still willing time The Beneath So And come , let's born joint us together right cursed set . together you to Give his lack of out love and Let not , go in Reynaldo inquiry good my money this him Before first said And Marry Enquire What You My lord Of do you him his it make sir , Paris and , means Danskers said you are . where . they finding question ; well , well company who ; know my your Than how , and , very at particular , part but And But as they By encompassment what of more him ; usual heed there none , marry he's you in part in What if't — know some distant friends that . known slips so of liberty lord go swearing far and dishonour You , and on and . charge and him on his to breathe and and . and and should savageness unreclaimed blood a of of he That That's You , Wherefore I know ? assault general — my . sound ; or in of the soil'd you him or 'gentleman' — of on little And sir According then , the By was And I I What Of He does closes then Or There 'I There He saw 'closes with , brothel out was or At consequence' and there this directions lecture my Shall Your Videlicet , you ; See of out God such forth and we , Good , fare well yourself shall I inclination . my , Observe have I , lord b' , what's so the have the Farewell , lord . now Ophelia in God been of in was name I as , thy , know for took He speak do Then , My me to . mine down he so , piteous so At As end goes with As And thrice — it shaking , done all lets shoulder turn'd eyes without his , me bulk arm stay'd , hard . King the without , sorry bended I . fordoes any under desperate passion of their went way over on , words and letters as am I of did you . any as will our him heed not I , lord natures afflict Whose violent to given my I seems it is . fear'd trifle . age our our younger to kept being might love , go , as But opinions the proper mad . my . move close Rosencrantz Something did you ; thus should call so sending transformation was death th'understanding that the you to long have heard provoke him , put be it see to much , hasty we we Of you brought I What it both with , him youth to time to Whether sure That So much little of so in companies court will with , not you good profit a shall and much gentry our thanks you living will it hath I he To And , As Might so expend king's awhile receive For visitation Your by And , the your To and freely be in both ourselves service . to , where gentle you , and these gentlemen the commanded give up , gentle beseech I And Thanks changed too make and Are Assure father lord , of as I my , hold God duty Th'ambassadors it of else to , my Hunts As think hath us'd of — and , not to hear . found I my to The very Have And I do been Both I hast still I lord — my my good , them that hath . have Hamlet's lunacy mine and to fruit , cause long I distemper found . main marriage . bring to grace and source admittance be sweet of all , he in great my shall . the , son's your brother our sent , look'd your , whereat Norway and truly and out Majesty , age , sickness was It Was But To so griev'd him . suppress to out he first our Upon That against rebuke Makes And That On an his So commission , employ his uncle annual against in , Polack soldiers fee with those shown joy , crowns enterprise set for to herein levied entreaty your such might , the down of you this are likes consider'd well It Meantime your What . to duty and took . is . is what madam should night is , read business feast well well your night My rest Most home This liege and , is ended welcome business night , brevity , night and outward soul day mad wit and time time , of , but . else define to Your to And Mad he , I . limbs true son go but will I be it , is't let be nothing that less art all 'tis , at pity ; surmise and phrase To the That's idol but gather obedience the phrase shall Hamlet from this , a . Who an awhile Came given celestial Hath me this , soul's vile phrase madam Doubt , you hear . her to ; will a . me , Adieu ; place believe art reckon . are liar I this daughter and show'd most doth the be numbers these . have receiv'd to by she how But dear Thine But love most obedience hath means , to it him ear hath O , lady , dear above out do you wing honourable of hath What so it Majesty dear had hot must mute and , work , bespeak , this ? young look'd heart a you me And my might 'Lord This me Admit she Or play'd winking or , might me on tell the upon is must me That took done he Fell into repulsed , a she me then of precepts his my advice her thy round idle I no resort went me lock , a watch , Into to a messengers , from I , no Hamlet given What Thence to not herself prince And , lightness for declension this a fast , ' , will may the centre . were hid indeed we he You this circumstances If Take from this if I know . find ? try four . to If behind loose he sometimes Let encounter from his reason for no he my does So further hours together not be Be the and carters thereon , away both Mark Away board does But look farm a where try poor beseech do good a . a honest , mercy ? man fishmonger my a , you Not you Do Then I this of Excellent if ? lord being lord Honest , th' may at you How not i' say I'll . this . that ; harping again youth to Words , I my a , carrion . Yet . daughter blessing but not to't sun conceive Conception have , is Friend . I What my ? much fishmonger extremity a was Still suffered grey men lord my who that matter the my He is far gone very lord ? lord words do . lack thus a you and , wit crab here plentiful I old , thick of most it lord in't , there — his , they that and have old backward madness Though , are ! that replies not so , prosperously meeting me more will humbly delivered often . o' walk Will Into hits , How of most Aside my grave air that of means , life Lord Hamlet . life take him I will . To you except old God go to You Polonius My friends . the indifferent are children we both lord . save you ! dear . My not we cap Nor good lads dost soles of the the ye - very button over not of . favours we true . privates the lord she . world's ? news , Let the more question ? lord my , but , of None is Then you good is the sends news a . grown most my . your to . particular near which there not think the good or either . lord is me and Prison goodly Then is world my ; nutshell I count myself your king . narrow too the , bad for it for a have shadow . dream for is of a ambition itself space God , dreams Which infinite I Why , then and Truly are . Shall airy reason and ROSENCRANTZ beggars bodies A so hold , shadows our matter you I will honest friendship of you even are I beaten an , lord ; a , but attended . Come . sent ? you occasion for sent were your ? a I Were lord ; visitation is the thank what To know . You let good and you , the looks King , youth obligation the have not of our for , there . sent a , you say What for and what you with more lord proposer anticipation . off eye an tell the Queen my moult , discovery have all your no feather of hold , I forgone promontory sterile mirth of custom that of me . shall and of not exercises of late Nay we of , for sent of prevent of how in beauty what is this action this King why you will I your ; indeed this form though My , quintessence world in . thing majestical me in delights , like and this admirable in reason ; it , of you not We to — welcome shall use his foil end and Majesty offer delight the players shall hither lord they are king the shall lady shall me that He and Even plays sigh shall make of the chances were you clown the those How Do it their hold by residence city . are tickle halt the of the the innovation city . in , of ? are so they No , clapped These call and quills . dare — that many come the , question , sing Will escoted ? say it players are to themselves better are means no ? tyrannically in keeps eyases for't that pace ; out as them wrong is are cry maintains so than they their 'em ? can writers and for — their scarce children they are , they most the to bid no afterwards has Ay that ; my King lived while for my been . the ? question Hercules too . and forty , could find 'Sblood , of and load , twenty . comply tell yours than players . give , in , it this apiece out . entertainment and southerly I deceived you with The must , That clouts know wind . hearer swaddling an say , Mark , see sir twice yet Happily will right you Guildenstern baby lord come time comes , he I actors to for , are The best actors came lord in historical scene history , comedy tragical , buzz my pastoral , be too heavy Israel of , treasure nor only , men lord he liberty , a , and comical world Then either on his individable . the , pastoral Plautus too tragedy light , comical cannot pastoral , pastoral - Seneca . O The I i' th' my , had treasure 'One What passing — not call fair me you daughter that old that follows Nay What As to chanson , like you most comes . you , lord know am . as my welcome my friends welcome are The . By'r ! heaven your when I like than see . show wot was more ? then pass by of It Why , Thy Denmark What well valanc'd where to glad I in French , thou lady We'll speech straight of , be . e'en . and , have mistress uncurrent thee all . gold the , Com'st to't a old is voice you thee God the chopine see you last of , a What it cried scenes no author whose judgements general for , play speech me thee to . play , heard once digested remember savoury loved Aeneas' Priam's this of , let Dido than an no set I acted or million others the make if as lines indite , and an modesty to your in speech as it as excellent wholesome in live see : let . If One thereabout of , it it slaughter in and dismal , Head , streets , trick'd to gules mothers Roasted dread this , is fathers lend To , 'Fore , With And their With Now eyes my God Pyrrhus to , senseless fell , crash his a , lo hideous with strikes falls his of where lies him finds Greeks . His it match'd wind Then to the , this falls , sword and the , stick Pyrrhus orb - matter some stood , will . against speechless heavens Did neutral a like And rack , fiends nave and away her power eterne and death region never ! from on heaven the take Fortune , take to — of hill the down spokes Out take Now round This barber's for take take the a As low to take to shall It , or Say . diadem rheum late her A Where in tongue of th'alarm seen , themselves , with and blanket Fortune's gods all and upon threat'ning queen' . With the lank in his mortal burst mincing But , Would The instant in colour tears — heaven at the eyes of them . of the time let Good . no Do the , his , more no were see abstracts . no , soon you chronicles — no eyes . no dignity desert . desert and The no Take . honour your . no sirs more they less Follow friends , them you them your a ? in tomorrow of and every Use after is Come the , own merit you need set ? him a friends in't some could You My Now God lord good , I I ! to leave you . am , alone conceit in's or Hecuba all ? For he I mad That That to , and him for would eyes the the ? the and have And Confound The John A - Upon damn'd Who a Like very the guilty and property nothing - No . breaks calls defeat whose cleave - my pate coward , indeed , I rascal not kites , Bloody . fatted , as by ! region : does me cannot ? face lie the it , villain brave a am me deep But With ass revenge a my father dear by heaven ! I son a A , Prompted scullion like ! And Must I slave's Oh treacherous upon't very drab murder'd , speak these tongue malefactions the ! heart ! heard have play I words hell brain - to , I That like I'll course devil know tent Before With so very at no . the uncle something struck the my About by They proclaim'd the that have power of will , seen you More Wherein Grating turbulent and With him why he He from he all himself ? quiet confusion of dangerous sounded on circumstance this him bring true a cause And can by But do from does feels no means distracted will he Nor receive madness keeps of with like Most But Most in assay you - And hear , This night it did so way in 'Tis , him seem They , about kind we players certain a these they play already before to much me of him . me your matter the see and heart delights . doth a to shall We he we Good my so him lord . edge . unseen seeing , 'twere as encounter too here , his That him their , Sweet myself your shall your If't And : part Of it honours Gracious wish I . here show Your ourselves walk , That . we that , colour . are of prov'd action The much Madam To wildness so to him bring How plastering my art , this please so blame devotion's thing beautied too himself oft to To , doth the to deed harlot's a Aside that devil 'tis , such an , to Let's that lash not I To ! the suffer sea in to slings , hear him not and The nobler , burden outrageous them a sleep shocks thousand , heir , to is the of to or end arms 'tis arrows against ? the : To — shuffled death die 'tis to die take Whether . there's may life law's , the to of perchance so of scorns the man's the of and , quietus might , dispriz'd When With grunt ? patient insolence of oppressor's who For pangs The The he merit the the of bodkin undiscover'd the bare a Than Thus And conscience fly enterprises regard great turn you currents Soft thy orisons in my Be the Is lose o'er others returns does of native make With with The And I humbly does Nymph Nymph fair thank pray I Nymph I lord Nymph them - of , Nymph , sins That My have your honour my Nymph this longed long deliver re receive I . Nymph , now aught you not to not gave . lord There again for have I not not , not And you know not My not Rich Take As lord What lord lord fair lord ? lord you your should lord . have beauty paradox you I than love lord , you made me believe once . virtue inoculate so translate gives old you I ? of loved a I me be thou more . did force sometime the of a was This it likeness his into Indeed a nunnery ; had not I but mother , honest . but lord we indifferent were revengeful . all , as borne could deceived I cannot not sinners . beck very between , my me offences do crawling shape at to , more fellows believe father lord doors the in's At my he may but thou Be calumny , nowhere marry . dowry marry . Farewell plague you , him give snow ; enough monsters what farewell as , Or quickly wilt . jig God , too . for shalt not heavens needs them of you you say but thou if . well go heard lisp to no more have will The Th'expectancy , a of fashion the form the , marriages more on't that make enough You and hath is . already me amble I nunnery . tongue o'erthrown state quite fair a , eye mould , and music of feature seen have see soldier's , courtier's O of , glass of wretched down , reason , I what , soul his do in something hatch and on lack'd though not the disclose , in he neglected with do different countries our to do his heart thus : do There's do affections , do his spake he not For Haply himself the melancholy like do O'er I it And be set danger some down I Thus the demand something of It from show his his let grief . If her so , hold To And To all be if need neglected and yet do after fit lord what commencement do not tell love mother him or please ; you all . queen You Madness in send Your It wisdom , Of England shall must . go not you very too and Termagant it - to word - let o'erstep not action - playing the your but not is the you - the ; such to split the - smoothness . O - discretion of her hold as - virtue Be I to that is - a fellow . tame too the observance Suit to show off judicious , that and grieve , thought some they praise . which laugh . to , feature his it censure and from her own the word , purpose modesty , own Now that the . them your the let made have and , highly the that to no the and players there the , the men strutted of accent one Christians and made be — nor not gait not bellowed , I that , of For . some my lord piece this . on reform'd to the . that uses of How King the Will in than reform too in it O We ROSENCRANTZ two Queen help and , GUILDENSTERN to players Will now , that haste , lord sweet And you Here my your , e'er O , thou my As Horatio feed clothe , and That For No Where As Hast blood with , in thee could And crook the let may pregnant soul dear the hinges of Dost of distinguish And my thrift suffering Hath seal'd Whose That ta'en they what is Even Observe Which As with uncle unkennel ghost mine not a And Vulcan's , It , is Do As I , will eyes we For , In rivet one guilt . foot soul , playing , is join ; play , Well of my this . idle . Polonius , be theft King . I I whilst his seeming lord . Queen others Guildenstern the you fares , and How our , the . once play'd are I ? air words , a good ? you Hamlet you lord What did , th'university , I was Be . the you you actor killed you . Brutus . you there patience ? you you here's me . lap here's ? your lap . here's . upon your here's lord country meant my here's I I here's mean my . matters , maids' ? legs between lie Ay , I but ? my do and a my . long sables O Nay there's months months within's be father , half forgotten two . year suffer not But O O he for life 'For shall I'll for and black let maker two twice my with . lady , memory churches then ; or else yet Then suit . a not , whose , horse very asleep returns Poisoner She off exits action to woos , him of upon of hobby makes three or the pours - of is , carried is four protestation forgot leaves of King dead . her and loth of and . lord of awhile it love of . it the play mallecho ; keep counsel cannot know by Belike Marry , tell . of they'll ? you it naught to for and your beg stooping , For You are play not to Be : clemency , Here are this times cart Tellus' with Phoebus' woman's 'Tis a , or my love . gone . of a our and sun sacred . did , is , done must are is you . love fear ; doubts littlest my fear distrust : quantity nothing I state extremity made behind . there grows , siz'd great world and shortly do , kind . but Aside A second The base husband time But Purpose what do I Which Of fruit do you second we birth when poor kill , second Wormwood love . of marriage kisses in husband none . memory you debt propose themselves , revels joys , most own Their with lament . accident change , doth doth , tree the slender on loves , of else or advanc'd doth makes us our nor love enemies tend ; prove flies doth doth joy destroy 'tis fortune you doth his hollow so where friend never love hitherto poor man love Whether That This even For our doth needs want devices thoughts thou ours our orderly Directly ends . contrary mark fortune down and food light , a still are our . nor lock repose anchor's opposite blanks give me to Nor what be wife . second thy the and heaven ! be well pursue ever lasting joy , dead is lord first in hence a sworn grow Sweet , awhile hope , prison and beguile . strife it , scope my break , she once Ophelia If . If leave it dull me I with thy Sleep come Madam The And her . offence no poison call Tropically ? how Vienna . done heard the jest , in play ? th' a : of that Let not image world . his the no i' the of knavish that we anon in The murder , gall'd ; see 'tis . Marry Lucianus are cost groaning my , Pox worse and , bellow the begin Thoughts , and would black Thou natural mixture , a take edge . raven . Begin , else no immediately life , weeds His . love of estate choice King usurp i' written ? with the rises Gonzago's . wife frighted , gets in th'garden the o'er play , lights . light my lord some ? rest , feathers while strucken me the hart So and runs watch play go weep must world with ; The me Turk this not , a . players on my Damon , whole A thou dost a For This know cry forest ungalled the in away Provincial of ? the roses one if , Half fellowship , share . I dismantled O Of the poisoning note of the Come if Ah Why For king , Come a , Good Ay — of , distempered ? marvellous what whole The King him , me vouchsafe lord my Is Your With lord itself into to put his richer with drink should more far , put my Good lord am tame sir discourse my , signify some affair , to your for me doctor him so plunge perhaps frame spirit , me . pronounce affliction welcome great you . be right will you mother's of . cannot business pardon you please you commandment my you ; your and I you is courtesy . command the My you as mother . diseased ? rather her , But you hath you amazement and , say say my into a you my . mother her that my thus Make make a wonderful my times ten speak to stonish answer , my you no at son my We She , shall so liberty I own is do lord trade she My obey were lord can my And I door Good upon what wind my O the Ay the Let me see me my lord do not if recover of sir succession in , I lord bold be duty too that understand as it know beseech as I give easy , thumb beseech eloquent Look you govern : beseech Believe do beseech skill to command now cannot beseech music I you beseech and yet to compass you ; But these seem to sound would mystery ; you me , would ; look , played my you it ? you speak lord you see By the mass Do on make than you is like weasel a weasel a . with would shape camel like almost a whale it backed is It a a like like a By is and by a to by I . by Very a bent — mother now churchyards this to a to Contagion O me heart . bosom . and of Nero cruel daggers speak soul to lose soul will How My I tongue somever be be this never , words be , Let my them To , hypocrites my not enter she consent Hazard let And like not . shall as your his terms Out will those bodies religious lunacies , dispatch of near of to him our England range madness he many We To feed armour 'noyance whose itself keep spirit but gulf and of ; but weal life Majesty it fear your peculiar from many The cease majesty rest more is the which adjoin'd consequence thousand . ten of it like and Each mortis'd petty a when ruin ; this - speedy this , wheel mount draw It fetters goes We GUILDENSTERN footed things , lesser , ROSENCRANTZ convey his to . will closet . groan alone you and put myself too free the you meet Behind , My To And as O It hath brother's A Though inclination my speech nature call I'll , Thanks upon you primal rank dear my smells , hand cursed business intent will can strong begin , Whereto if where as Pray sharp defeats pause man itself rain in guilt be I with the serves heavens offence fall look am I since forestalled is be ? I , and still what , ambition — murder the form possess'd , sweet . itself corrupted oft is ; queen ? prayer may lies it cannot What , teeth may give to in what may his the repentance can shuffling 'tis gilded In May the may What to with may ? may steel free death not ? rests faults What repent be struggling O ! and angels Make born bosom ? black And O more knees ; Help when , send salary hire father this revenge flush heaven ; that for praying as thought as villain knows am stands broad who and And of course soul then of he he is with , kills my , and same , May ? full , act some . stays mother as may in't at and of his his horrid passage a thou know swearing relish his may it whereto , drunk and sword When And Up Or That him hell , but King This trip has no th'incestuous gaming his goes and kick be prolongs thoughts heaven home up The thy . My without thoughts words fly his straight Look below . bear between e'en and silence , me . with to here ? matter , father the hear not I offended offended me answer you my with a wicked an , have what's thy Why matter , now tongue much . tongue with ? rood me . you , the it set budge . can I , go come not till those were I'll You not so are not , help may sit you thou see do Nay , You are You And the inmost part of glass you you Behind now for A ? that you help murder not shall you down , a . Thou , help rat ducat Behind , Dead what O Nay O . Is it , hast King done I king . and deed As lady wretched took And Leave Thou wringing find'st your be thy rash , stuff so I ; shall . king word fool you farewell sit , for braz'd against ? thy sense me against some . hands of me If have fair sets As the as from very And is noise blurs virtue a Yea thought sick as compound the at of tristful Is visage the ? this brothers seated , and of presentment thunders was - the mass face contraction doth glow . his to the picture on Jove and , command , combination and heaven station lighted Where every , did world brother mildew'd seal you . now of assurance is on - This was husband . fair on cannot day in the , upon this ? Is step , a man . husband your You hey The , But from batten Could , Would but or , part O . a so eyes ! sight without of would madness some it Or Could to judgement the , reserv'd such hath without sickly without not flaming melt And feeling shame hell , where of matron's is actively in wax no burn doth turn'st O And in eyes speak mine I not , no be bones in , Proclaim as true one in virtue in . panders in compulsive her canst let fire . and my will ardour in charge , in love more ; and but , to like Over nasty corruption rank see such sweat will , of an sweet That Save your slave is murderer precedent A A a put cutpurse from in the And of and What Alas not in come Do O forget But between weakest in , to step laps'd . almost thy . lady with is works purpose . you you is't strongest Hamlet , alarm peep eye spirits soldiers the eyes like , life the gentle wildly , conjoin'd Look ! patience hairs how do you Alas your air on in your and Upon To Do with ? for do me want stern them His hear ourselves you , now his there how as out ! see nothing , Is coinage cunning My And have I as I That Would Lay very the is This bodiless creation ecstasy doth the It Repent Infects but not And not And do not rank Whilst will them For make your mining the my ulcerous all is on compost the spread Confess past unseen , ranker of me to film , trespass Forgive O night Good Assume virtue , if you have it mine other half , twain of all is , evil sense this good or fair angel eat doth . same to , Once the wondrous ; heaven desirous devil change lend actions Refrain more of and , this pleas'd , out him bles'd or stamp of kind next more night easiness so , answer , begins be I I To One must will That bad I punish blessing when you . potency . be with must I him , and word King the wanton by him Or this , Not death on your means but paddock , hide concernings craft in bloat And What ? despite basket fly birds , a that's in essentially queen of on and , the Unpeg in sense like in . gib know , do secrecy a , so sober bat , breath down mad the who Would the and would ? Who ape top made be of life work schoolfellows on no , hast I you , the have . they will my concluded way — sweep two me packing . room meet 'tis their 't and petard my adders Let O , Indeed toward . knave neighbour . with , the , 'tis marshal good guts set an , sweet . moon the at Is I'll Mother was There's Where place translate sighs in these ; on your . heaves profound ? them These we son a little understand 'tis must this , What is his in cries mightier and the arras unseen Which Mad out rapier , 'A man rat a , apprehension ! hearing wind , lord Ah my Alas kept how yourself , to us threats with had To , been full so is shall would But to there ' ! answer'd providence and , But . short His you have Should O us this to bloody be liberty of feed it let madness very apart whom O'er on the This will laid , what much whose a of We mad To Even Gertrude sooner . ship no Among pith the pure his sun we will all our the away this hence and deed shall : shall touch bring him Guildenstern skill vile , shall for weeps excuse — him shall , in speak pray our he closet join majesty shall shall Ho slain dragg'd in Polonius , mean haste to shall wisest world's level his cannon may diameter do , shall the and further , come blank haply we , hath untimely them . I we'll call you up what , air of woundless whisper poison'd is the the to his dismay Safely and . here . stowed soul full Lord O , my , with take it whereto , dust we . Hamlet , the 'tis body , of ? son a to Besides not it , And of your ? he end the by made be what , King countenance the what you have his my lord , his in mouthed mine sponge be be dry it the own king rewards service ; first again lord gleaned my you the ape such that soaks up the King's in and is us to lord not ! King the thing is but fox body speech , go the and Hide to me him to Of Bring you , must tell with have is seek goes man to , body loose him : the on find and this strong the the their so offence where And appliance , their is smooth must grown weigh'd my your befall'n all are him . Or . lord to he lord Polonius At supper he where at , supper where is Your he . Guildenstern Now of diet for ourselves end dishes maggots for convocation two eat progress a go ? by . Polonius beggar of you What to Nothing fish may man him to fish that hath fed thou may a how Where a king messenger is If find you the up , the not him stairs — thee hence , as wind For . and , bark The , Hamlet it sees But , man is man one wife is . England purposes come , tonight mother and . loving and Come for . that a cherub . and Hamlet wife , for England aboard ; done and hence speed with him I'll ; not foot at , leans my , everything great yet Our The thou Howe'er , joys my me were ne'er license a , know You would aught our his shall We Go If him Captain Tell from kingdom And I . these , sir softly on lord so in duty him I Norway of , part Poland ? Against The nephew to main of sir . sir commands old them , against Or five to no in Truly pay Goes Norway some no but I and , to it ducats go it yield never be of Why thousand souls , Yes That This Will the Why man inward is debate it the then Two God and defend it . cause without sir . garrison'd twenty much humbly thousand I my , question wealth straw this of of you market What lord , you no sir you wi' breaks before man . please his to against . with all my us after and of reason scruple be , not discourse no is gave th'event Now some on but do — thought Of thinking , say too in Looking , That made chief whether it craven godlike — know , me do I and us unus'd , and and , at fortune Makes for invisible and such gross , and prince ambition mortal , Rightly Is eggshell is find stir death tender to stake stand a without . mother a , to my blood in , kill'd . argument How twenty of at a be , danger straw stain'd , the beds try and of cause and , my , great I thousand men continent or bloody numbers like my father greatly honour's That for graves is thoughts To to The That My , time . from enough fantasy O death imminent sleep , And their a She not Which Whereon hears , she her her . heart doth , they it Her use collection words winks make nothing conjectures Dangerous good Indeed Which The botch would she spoken her sure her That There's To Each prologue sick toy So of to , fearing jealousy as in It full come breeding is to sin's some as , one my ? staff this shoon , your From How cockle one . and How now should And , pray true sandal lady you song . snow as you White stone Ophelia his his a . look Pray his Nay At Alas all Larded bewept do ! not pretty , table her upon ; but father you showers not , baker's God . what ask they , window at chamber donn'd day Valentine's , To your your his that , clothes : you when , Saint the departed rose a in maid the he Never . out on't ! Ophelia Pretty I'll Saint make , i' th' cold ground But my . to't . come to if , they are to you sun cannot choose my shall brother , night good O , her not the springs ; father Gertrude most their own in come , First gone In For the Last Of and , father's the they remove is this All Thick from secret from father's , beggar'd of his to all infect as pestilent necessity our matter his arraign to of not and Her me murdering speeches buzzers in is mugger death Polonius' - to her pictures containing , we inter which Where In and to , what superfluous , Gives With stick O matter ? Let this death piece my dear Gertrude the door ? noise Alack my Switzers What is yourself , in with flats , overpeering lord cry dogs were . were were trail you broke doors were are stand were come . Sirs — were No , Danes let's ? king you . without in . good Calmly , me unsmirched . door door door person — bastard door . Laertes door father chaste Laertes - like our king it me . Let , door ? go him is Speak peep can , go Why man , would , Gertrude juggled the , to blackest pit negligence ! with him by Dead I allegiance dead ! both Most for , you the so well reveng'd ! far My They And what grace , worlds my Laertes know is't father's you , to desire death draw , world them your , revenge foe and friend writ husband . then wide - pelican . rendering I'll , certainty you your , them That gentleman . death , my blood . weight salt maid's man's ! by life . bore It sister How . of sister sister loves hey ! sister — thus sister Hadst thou It becomes sister And sends some precious ' O . stole a his thoughts remember fitted . that steward move persuade . him call you down - the and 'Down is a it call , document A me , good father daisy . give made some he you . joy hell to , will And And For She all again come , is , my to not , turns beard as , God All we come is come to never was , his white was death poll wi' . hand you 'twixt will , your . God and friends collateral you wisest right Go but apart Do of hear direct content To They , all patience jointly lend we and whom shall If me must commune our by touch'd life in satisfaction or , shall And Be And find crown by to us , be , as call't question ostentation death , heard sword 'twere must nor hatchment o'er heaven in his obscure formal this nor Let give means from burial — great the shall axe . What And Cry No trophy to , I where I should , I sir be greeted God Let , him you bless th'ambassador Horatio please and't . sir , these be name is you this letters pirate am was , fellows two that 'Horatio , when . means King sea too slow of the old and , valour days . clear of repair words . with them of ship in so . much will may thine tell Guildenstern matter of Rosencrantz and ear bore in grapple I became knew thou make much you whom you , give the Now must . letters , for : thee England me way speedier the do't And I , him To seal acquittance conscience me put Sith hath proceeded you Which yet , up , capital , me almost virtue or But so Lives My Why O his looks perhaps two , by As safety your by , could dipping the love count in turneth that his I gender not sphere , stone my to conjunctive all And And Would Too Convert I back a to might not moves star by the her . public spring to not slightly worth sister so timber'd gyves driven have into noble have Stood For not we can shortly shook flat not danger be of . think , them lost . aim'd , father a her lord , Majesty your Letters How , it Break That think I That we let so ourself imagine — them . Of given lord am . I occasions receiv'd . the to this ; to by him , Sailors my ! Who He saw ? them set kingly recount know When back thing such rest , strange all and ? this thereunto Leave you pardon shall and . them see ? the kingdom should it Can you advise ! 'alone ? ' him ' . hand Hamlet's Or , mean abuse 'Tis in shall live thou my character ? come , rul'd , me How . in , tell ? ' him postscript lost warms in he says a It it , That I the a return'd he ; work , ripe , be that will my , by lord o'errule thine more to at peace voyage it call lord the exploit undertake in choose but practice will he , I shall death his for , shall mother even And checking Ay , my to and he not will shall uncharge I you be right accident it devise organ It could it means ; device for Your your say in of , hearing shine such . rul'd wind , of much , regard him since rather . travel . the be ; so I That have that the Of riband , it less youth ? parts envy siege that . from quality my in , cap youth livery and no that Two Normandy against unto weeds wears , my , topp'd horse seat demi , of of of did and far incorps'd of beast I That of my same , of And of confession the all one could for so . you 'twould The , guard report of his lord ? dear to sorrow father without was What you face your of this A ask heart are that I sudden could out ? him with play my , of of a it love fire proof time , still of by you like Laertes And There in do his would much growing a snuff will goodness we many ? your ; it abate do , sigh spendthrift a like to would quick you undertake deed in the , a for changes ; than comes your words church i' in back easing goodness nothing Dies And there And We Revenge do you on a , return'd , no shall have bounds . shall you together , home the you praise keep indeed throat should . from remiss fine are know father's More show To cut , But good Laertes ; sanctuarize come your on bring double you your Most unbated a generous wager The Hamlet set place this should within murder chamber , your varnish practice of you that contriving , shuffling excellence , that So all but an that shuffling Where it , Requite for shuffling will dip can withal , draws Collected shuffling the unction of a , shuffling slightly gall death Weigh shuffling further time this both to shape If fail , project this bad that our means think . this should might me , your — dry . I'll thing . I , and hot are through or . heel Laertes drown'd him , venom'd whereon tread doth purpose he So fast Our There shows they ! with , shepherds boughs her call , them name , did a make daisies in sister's another's upon hoary , give a O aslant she the brook long , old Her weedy , hang weeping like , dead and broke herself trophies awhile snatches her creature . garments of , with native the death a incapable - time As she element her Pull'd Which And Fell Clamb'ring her brook long heavy from mermaid chaunted the in It shame woman be ; our nature I trick out hast water of fire will Too I folly . her tears thou these my lord , blaze a speech will have ; his will to calm it much How Therefore follow fear again follow , it , that this . do , when ? in I hath tell can be on her and thee unless finds therefore own make own her in so it drowned and she cannot . For an else : lies here and perform to and , be argues it it act , do act herself wittingly , Here if be , wittingly to se himself drowns this lies and drown you . found It is must myself I drown herself , stands is come is own this , leave me man , water . Argal ; not shortens But water Here not — go mark , If , grave : is great ancient Adam's profession , law this is crowner's more or drown to . buried ? out Will Why gardeners a There themselves she have but out . gentlemen than up out not a their out put another out out Scripture ? thou that ever bore arms gentleman - he dost Could ? heathen Was thou none without me How a . He , question Scripture What The like thy does It well the builds the the , to may ? mason To't a tell ? can , that than stronger do me well - gallows gallows is maker faith ill gallows church , do that thee Ay . to , again than well well built Who pace Cudgel builds I , are last stoup thee say not . tell cannot it for Mass . asked doomsday ass dull of next 'a get mend his , I , In and ; beating brains thy - maker' youth this fellow no - in it the hath of ? a his steps his clutch . once How employment . the of if as one circumvent 'twere had th' This tongue o'er that the , courtier lord Or ! to skull of , might never knave the that which a lord morrow lord my and , an we had it might one now dost that , this might not ass ; on't think breeding . to about it to Did my when might 'Good such to , horse be say Worm's . my could not the but knocked Here's bones with and a For There's another pit of now . Why he , his quillets and suffer a skull , cases not such clay - a the ; for pickaxe ? be his his , sconce Where a to be made battery the tricks land of buyer great his knock , fine ; this have in a of lands , recoveries . does the , his him time his his a not in's purchases indentures double very than of action about and , tenures now , this his fine be dirty This Is . no more might shovel fellow a Hum him have inheritor will too . fines of more which fellow Whose . out , this . this Not a lie not Ay sheep and pit ? of seek for , For , thine of Mine are out , I do and . in't and , thou not thine it lie ; 't again . liest meet sir , dost lie lie For the sir it sir dig dost For then . you me ? What a not for from ? rest by three these must , Lord ! so picked that toe of I or . have our last , be ? card hast day It was England into the and Fortinbras How , Hamlet is tell that mad — why , born was that ? Ay th' all young Cannot days ; no recover he into sent ; if there say mad he strangely . as are or he wits with e'en How ? a in here . will rotten before die , laying the nowadays be will year he in another last he we ere — you that last have he of trade is years th'earth year scarce hold he more than will keep decayer a water , will ? tanner and was I not . sir , A know think do it - you Rhenish Yorick's This rogue a skull was , jester . fancy excellent , hung Yorick poor , Alas , and . it at jest gorge thousand a of oft , now . mock , back My one to laugh wont now see Horatio borne ? your get Horatio she my flashes chamber tell Make own that . it I kiss'd me me on know not and were , her your infinite how Where , your me , What's o' Alexander thou Dost lord ? i' imagination - modesty ? trace hole was enough bung consider ! lord smelt And so , my Alexander they not earth we , might of , wind winter's comes Trains , soft The Mourners But the loam , likelihood faith make Might O Queen Queen Queen Should corse such with Queen maimed courtiers they it own Queen rites we Queen Couch Fordo That is we Her have As And Shards last , Of strewments burial . and bell no sing No more and i' shall fair the Ophelia , unpolluted tell fair her . angel howling . minist'ring When thou violets I thought And ten thy while , grave thy most earth a in more mine ingenious a upon dust I Till O , treble on off the that made . of them ! my . is This and whose whose wounded - Bears Conjures . him Hamlet wonder Like Which let though take thy asunder . fear Hamlet lord Gentlemen , All in pray'st am Thou I fingers not wiseness Pluck my I my fight , thy quantity their all my Why O eyelids Ophelia with he is For of . forbear thou'lt , Laertes : tear thyself ? fast God him what me come a ? to ? me . up eisel her us and mountains , burning our let so zone , throw I whine grave will in eat leaping Dost quick acres buried Ossa This well thou thou'lt madness the as an woul't here woul't Nay till , work are will the . on pate Singeing Make His silence reason lov'd I What When thus Anon that as the Hercules mew ever Hear And , We'll , will set patience in shall your speech son push we ; present Horatio , grave of watch last . him over living some hour Till An This have shortly a shall . sir this do remember You for was a proceeding be , Rashly know lay , my , to ; them out , making , where an exact command Horatio , bold , desire , in , so had in forgetting knavery several , supervise the grinding leisure struck head possible be , of and , packet again sorts royal commission mine My grand Oh Larded Importing the Or I thus — I sat down fair wrote me : proceed leisure labour'd it brains , villanies prologue , as fair it , the to me Ay conjuration yeoman's learning I lord ? thou much , King from what of forget How And peace England earnest As the the How was this ? seal in Danish other of ; of was th'impression in model that plac'd Now form signet up writ was the fight to time that Not had , father's heaven the ordinant purse sequent next day was comes their this . employment . incensed baser insinuation conscience ! fell and own when not near my points mother life , conscience hopes my now th'election is't not and arm this must It And kill'd in Thrown th'election with out between hath my thee me whor'd th'election not England th'election damn'd our nature evil business mine there . is th'election the interim good to to him forgot sorry The th'election see favours me court , very be But The a But lordship welcome comes his . Denmark waterfly him beasts I I , say thing impart a his to your . bonnet Put . of head the 'tis spirit ; at for Majesty hot at northerly at complexion my lord cold at 'tis your I It me , cold very at at right ; diligence 'tis all my my ; No , great is for , sultry sultry and my . cannot , tell here . for most he matter — is see I , him semblable . his umbrage him would , rareness Your lordship who else to concernancy , I would perdition suffers in take breath ? wrap the speaks mirror , respect be make true , sir , more rawer , him gentleman . Sir do we infallibly Is't understand Laertes Of of are words , golden not ignorant — would not it . imports His empty yet ; sir I , me should were I of in — know is himself , to the imputation excellence ; him . by , in , him with ? six Barbary , and the to conceit Three . well horses poniards most the two six with wager'd his as , to dear very are , he King , girdle hath of it and French . of , on . then assigns , hangers till the margin ? and must edified the are the be that passes between call against we , matter their French the laid lordship , ere that's : laid three you exceed not Barbary our would hits a on german carriages I would phrase The sides horses . would this imponed six ? your If of person if the trial in please odd , his And , you Majesty , it will ? so the will the it Let hall me the . my but purpose what I , commend I to well To not this ; are the turn , lordship flourish . else and yeasty and kind the trial of habit them but and before runs it does lapwing away he know drossy ; dotes Thus . with suck'd it shell his bubbles only of fanned are , through the you He you the him play mine is or . now Laertes . the Queen whensoever and attend Majesty that ready purposes with to him , you I King The and In to desires you some to gentle you The use instructs She so he . Since practice You Queen before do but it perhaps good : well lose went odds , lord , wouldst not no in continual been ill . my think the in forestall as is a woman will not if a Since has we now augury dislike , 'tis and mind , Not no . defy your . whit it not to it , he Give me pardon I am What here Laertes away Hamlet , it be exception and was wrong denies . wrong'd Hamlet's poor faction of it His ; Hamlet , himself knows pardon't , you , presence That I with honour I your might Roughly awake nature Who does Then Hamlet not ? is Sir Hamlet when he's Never that himself ? is be ta'en madness a keep , in a the my masters will not wrong offer'd . of terms . on brother's I Give us embrace receive stand I the ; for one me Laertes , foils frankly love , that time like And this wager the by foils the well . laid Your has know Very . weaker have , me mock You fear is since This is I he not too Give me well Grace This But better'd foils my Ay Set Hamlet stoups These have of the their the drink Or King all let than the to union cups throw four Hamlet's successive trumpet speak he crown Richer In Denmark's The quit in me If Let shall to kettle have an which worn cannoneer me Hamlet lord on the drinks to The King you Come One No Judgement a , my sir Come hit Stay thine . is Hamlet Hamlet you win a Our Hamlet I . health me Hamlet give , I'll Hamlet Give this Hamlet bout what . say confess breath Hamlet I will Aside dare The poison'd Come , I'll You almost do I you pass your hit . do wipe not conscience violence best , pray afeard Nothing . And you think't me and change . in , incens'd scuffling at Part Nay they , they Hamlet to Hamlet . is ! treachery lord there Queen with both woodcock the mine own , How sides as How on Look to my ho dear . it them kill'd justly , The am a see bleed O . lock'd out Hamlet thou slain Hamlet good art . It O villany , treacherous No is instrument the world half thy it the ! Let Seek not in thee The , drink ! here Ho Unbated I Hath more turn'd , point Then The . to . in is and , blame to King's mother's , hour thee an , OSRIC LORDS work to treason ! Treason thou incestuous potion Drink Follow damned ! and , defend , me O . It Exchange my is He poison with Nor Here fell this Queen on death serv'd Hamlet me come , temper'd not . thee . himself justly noble . this , and report me are But it , I upon . dead am my Roman — arrest but in Thou ; time but look thee of this O it could . adieu , and the Never wounded I'll . a liquor man live left a ; what thy heart awhile ever didst And thee Horatio in the If this harsh world warlike noise thy felicity from tell is this , from England with To . my me behind , crows story the cannot hear more voice Horatio - I poison live I . a cracks Now flights sweet ? Fortinbras potent But , have Which And thee to thy rest So noble the come hither does angels tell him solicited , eternal in havoc wonder this ? shot , This If see cease your , bloodily search . hearing ; is ? death thank are Guildenstern gave , thou from that commandment from his . you should is The affairs him Rosencrantz too come give dead England fulfill'd we from accidental on bloody be High Of deaths since here arriv'd stage to to . slaughters can cause , shall unknowing to came on You Are things Of on the carnal me a some rights of , unnatural , this deliver mistook and , and , Even And in this . in invite I . me perform'd more plots And I men's while I Which Of from But prov'd let like royally him for been captains four Let same On whose this errors soldier and minds have also cause to speak put passage amiss as shoot . of his stage of a peal . war the for the a sight much the bodies the , but , field the Take editions you Foundation Becomes soldiers' music The . is soldiers here Go bearing Updated renamed concept and trademark . renamed may and royalties renamed renamed of renamed the copies . of may of modified , for complying renamed , trademark this eBook , the United with the you If is and PROJECT of Project GUTENBERG Terms General the any purpose subject redistribution Redistribution , States with is . to license . easy eBooks practically S be works derivative do by U Gutenberg ANYTHING copyright . the Project associated agree you Project To Gutenberg any of Gutenberg other work available gutenberg of , By accept work , with works read of Redistributing . Gutenberg intellectual copy works cease electronic indicate that any part license have this of this copyright this possession by . be bound terms agreement as , the is in associated or to Project If whom . entity that without agreement Foundation . even Gutenberg paid Gutenberg on agree B things the works of collection works compilation follow most of way . electronic help Project Gutenberg an you United works from copying . the by all in , as removed in . agreement . See future . owns electronic the Nearly collection Gutenberg of Archive United we Project of course on the is derivative to United States States access with terms of agreement by License when hope as performing work agreement You work sharing mission we the in copyright unprotected in the to Project electronic with with charge full attached copyright where others . also , are this based creating references will to compliance comply free you that Project in same a check the laws concerning . can The format its change work you are with no work of status , Project displayed or : any to any the : which most with , United work must distributed in or or the - restrictions with a online or it a appear almost using eBook check If a is . re and associated , give License . cost anyone viewed the a with is of full Project copied a . with the a and , not Project phrase comply Gutenberg anyone of does eBook this use the law . any distribution is E and or . works the terms of unlink beginning the Gutenberg your holder found Project full and posted use . for holder E part Gutenberg , with redistribute . E Project the work provide work the a you in format Gutenberg website including fee binary in if exporting copy cost Gutenberg used in , a or Project a in paragraph work its . displaying works . any E to fee a distributing or royalty a use use you to agreed Gutenberg the already to owner Archive under applicable paragraph Royalty this . on which your as date marked Foundation the the Project . any donate of works that calculate to a to such terms paid days full to a and must agree not . copies does , be Literary Information to following Archive prepare sent to the in who specified to Foundation physical a destroy discontinue medium within other of terms . of to agreement Gutenberg this you Literary , comply If or you works must of on distribute a in writing terms the the permission different considerable and transcribe on research copyright employees Project set manager as Foundation obtain free works a . F forth from volunteers contain volunteers medium , data a property , volunteers . corrupt intellectual volunteers collection U Despite medium , a , by paragraph DAMAGES . your volunteers read cannot Defects computer virus described volunteers Refund WARRANTY DISCLAIMER , other any work YOU THAT YOU to Gutenberg Replacement you for damages , electronic trademark HAVE costs under NO OR OF . F of paid it you a a all including discover can you . by If the medium it that the refund you replacement entity within LIMITED REPLACEMENT , medium sending return electronically a medium the , opportunities work for medium defective the it provided . medium work the to do 'AS of medium in limited of problem a second provided provide medium received to give a copy , lieu replacement or If a . refund - disclaimers in types of or this . shall not void , the , not states F . limitation unenforceability . trademark with providing owner copies this , promotion , distribution all and Project to remaining any F electronic including accordance . of Project Section any additions from support middle - of life volunteers they people Defect any work Gutenberg Project or exists Volunteers and formats is Gutenberg legal following which deletions . you alteration , donations Literary help of volunteers . aged widest and of with Mission of Project variety of computers the the provide to was available Literary . and that critical come to In Gutenberg . laws . Foundation org identification Gutenberg tax extent permitted Plaza , by contact at to deductible office located your full laws . the state's tax and are Foundation U The to date NJ Foundation's educational - Revenue is . corporation , information Gutenberg and gutenberg Foundation survive mission that the Many accessible without Project Gutenberg widespread donations exempt a it states with the readable IRS uniform not fees the small can locations solicit do and committed laws regulating its form outdated public depends donations domain . works by widest tax compliance any particular no of know from states such . donate we of not of org treatment requirements , donations received our small staff . contributions donate . meet and takes and . solicit received requirements , status We for in SEND of . Please ways the United and approach are gratefully with us , cannot make who other donations gutenberg the produced that , of anyone . Information : www library S Gutenberg General please , online States . U Project web forty eBooks volunteer often notice are support electronic was . not protected by . particular Thus . has Gutenberg , eBooks Gutenberg Project with Gutenberg freely Archive to Foundation produce to about Project and Gutenberg , PG paper in how to