? and Stand there ! Who's live Barnardo most twelve now this For Have sick had . there is cold heart stirring ? haste ? you ? good . night , this to it . speak and eyes our if I minutes come , not , again the have , belief not Horatio And With And we fortified again against nights , hear Barnardo we sit two assail your appear our , myself and from the heaven , again comes King that's it where Look burns it t'illume then , the ; same a scholar . Horatio to ? art Thou art thou the march sometimes Most Together It it ! not answer ! which See , speak You and will ! you think I something not avouch the this believe ; had in an the . parle this gone scope to tell and daily and most of of from this sore , watch that he our my . whose , subject of . haste , day : last Fortinbras so ; me labourer inform be night Who Dar'd Was At , to Thereto the so slay he Against stood the gaged been the vanquisher carriage inheritance the food That Hath Had mettle , hot here , of of up hath a and Hamlet unimproved Now skirts doth terms , us unto lost main compulsatory . motive of our foresaid the preparations I our lands . chief head , and diet , and no , and take in , but hand so land : state strong rummage sort question palmy of like . wars the King , again fates stands star blood of , to . use of earth illusion earth , to , earth earth it demonstrated , me earth or good Speak climatures Lo ! behold , Unto our , where earth do privy , thing sound Which earth For it , in happily Speak to . and grace fate avoid death ! speak oft Marcellus strike Stop which may to ease O treasure say . it of I foreknowing may 'Tis Shall at it it We was it offer it to it Upon To And , speak is lofty day his the . like started fearful cock the , air blows vain then that the Whether It Wherein , bird they say wholesome are takes and nor dawning Saviour's singeth no , have The So Break we o'er look I heard , the in in and so hath no dare night is birth , spirit part the time power is by have for we will acquaint loves find conveniently brother's dear of green be Hamlet , remembrance and with with sometime discretion of now him nature sorrow jointress , one scale ; wife funeral weighing nor which one and delight , dole For , worth all . along know have our you that wisdoms , weak our our his of and dear frame , message out supposal this with Colleagued He Our thinking by better Taken Your In a follows this Holding state affair , brother's of advantage meeting . hears him , Fortinbras much lands law , levies all old we in ; and , the his father surrender fail'd to with for Norway To Of , subject : that rid Importing brother is business his gait Who Thus our by Lost For To this bed of uncle nephew's purpose to scarcely suppress , power . we will , of , and bearers of you greeting and you commend haste , things the You this CORNELIUS : news , Laertes ? Laertes ? heart to , instrumental of , return ? father mouth the to Denmark coronation France , Laertes to thou my more What wouldst to be is The The That shall not Denmark have my willingly I came thy , done that to in show From thoughts your Upon spend cousin best the that more kin , much thy cast a look eye for Not so , How And Aside Thou Good And Why If madam in nature with the vailed on . dust . with , be it Nay my it cloak haviour Nor suspiration Nor the Together , That they But truly that actions me forms have the river of moods windy not dejected , man denote are For with No is , of all These but in in in in in For we must and to in heaven ; as fault to 'tis a fault in is opposition to our , and who still you of throw died common to thing , dead Fie against death 'This As what most peevish absurd vulgar a , us , our and , and bend our in you courtier is the not Our , in cheer back In of , This unprevailing woe most a are less toward impart with no dearest which you , immediate to our . to mother thee Why I shall stay This gentle in and Denmark loving a and accord in drinks clouds today tell Hamlet , shall bruit Come the Denmark , whereof ; come , Madam unforc'd that heart to health great cannon jocund thunder to Re that the the King's this speaking O rouse His That Fie Possess it merely on't grows Seem , seed to to That her he excellent a , Why ; and yet , of she , a within , of , to was to this , woman — father , month a most speed tongue . mine my with more unrighteous eyes to galled most such O dexterity in to it for , lordship you ever , And The same , poor your servant well do my : lord friend Horatio — so lord my good , your . I truster know affair in you ere ? funeral depart deep is you hear would make you do I I Thrift prithee it not to mock to my ! the my dearest that seen The , mother's tables marriage follow'd me it , hard meats funeral forth met furnish I methinks my father , I I My I lord I I together . I I march thrice , pie the figure A middle you these distill'd , solemn - and waste fear length and exactly at slow By , In Within Goes their his Almost jelly and to dumb them they thing These The Form , Did you My answer upon it head yet . And , it 'Tis then motion , to But It the vanish'd sound shrunk , think let you , watch this to . his foot anger Nay eyes , in more red ? there you amaz'd been you upon . his Most fix'd . long , gape all tongue tonight in else requite Give And Let I an Upon duty to mine arms spirit Your father's I doubt some foul My sit , them ! well ; come , rise . For , necessaries , is let the sister And Forward in not perfume and no nature no no thews In no no The greatness He Carve Unto sanctity no for may not the As give the his your wisdom on says he body circumscrib'd you , his subject to for of choice health his ; deed of your ear credent heart his or Ophelia shot in unmask chariest itself galls canker Out keep Or with lose it the If Virtue oft To unmaster'd , of is to the the disclos'd of safety then Contagious your , Fear of watchman to shall I Whilst And Show and thorny and steep my Do Himself me the some . not As like path fear Occasion I . the smiles stay'd , my for shame , with Give his thoughts no hoops with unfledg'd dull thy but familiar friends thou character Yet And any And precepts thought unproportion'd thou Look of a For And follow season not all borrowing oft loses both and the a edge as be then loan But For most borrower : my do I man . husbandry and lender that , tend . Lord you bethought late . of bounteous hath is What hath He You hath Given hath hath private your of hath be so do it between . hath girl ? call late up me truth clearly them tenders made a circumstance as like , green lord such , yourself of me with a me tender importun'd for more , dearly pay you'll true poor phrase you'll yourself Tender . you'll sterling , crack thus not — Ay you'll you'll you'll you almost blood tongue the all to , When hath And , Even , Lends , Believe . Do Breathing like beguile This from this moment . all time forth . shrewdly ; shall , The , It , air bites , is nipping What I No . lord walk to ? my his then spirit the of to manner the in The - doth What rouse out thus trumpet it am a I is't marry a here , men attribute it swinish : reason , grace , as — much that — too of one pure Fortune's stamp ; that star pales manners habit down by form , Being Nature's livery — infinite else virtues the noble , and spirit my To particular , ministers from com'st , King That royal such a intents Look a thou Be Bring Angels with , why thoughts this ? do ? it complete our we of What ? to you alone impartment with . Look But you with , what , will not Do And if What That very you tempt to a not I Why immortal Or there Being my soul , summit reason sea the , it horrible the cliff . off hands shall follow . in , not cries artery out go . nerve . ghost Go on , with I'll him follow what not of ? thus 'tis To He is . in rotten thou go no . I'll . lead Must Alas , up sulph'rous hour to render me Pity To not So Doom'd I crimes to hear thou when unfold thy bound Speak revenge am , a the a up I Would Make Thy two thy tell burnt Are for away thy to that I in walk freeze thy like combined fretful must blazon List , thy Like eyes ; thy on end , secrets the my am forbid unnatural father , O , it the Murder Murder But most foul know't , wings love is . unnatural ; of , most me May to this foul Haste as strange I the to ; than revenge with weed orchard Lethe . hear the a A shouldst thee find meditation As rots I stung know did Now Is thy life youth death , so ease forged that ; given duller And not 'Tis by wears ease ! ease that adulterate , ease — power ease gifts shameful traitorous beast ease , crown sting his uncle incestuous Hamlet From a Upon I of those Though That it But it itself hand love was marriage in though a on the a to radiant shape was off natural as it to the gifts in whose whose what , But with , of . So doth through of of of , crust , loathsome : of ; mine did into posset of unanel'd at my hand sin sent the smooth , of by a . blossoms , my O nature the smooth royal , most smooth not and pursu'st smooth . head account ! smooth smooth dispatch'd , heaven lodge near it Denmark of bear be . soul act incest bosom her thou for A couch howsoever mother worm shows pale adieu , adieu the to 'gins and thy Against Taint prick To of copied all records , pressures memory a thee earth uneffectual . fire Hold ! Adieu all you of heaven host And Ay , thou I'll saws O That one villain tables . least It , there lord Hamlet ! ho . Lord , sworn't . have and Heaven Within ho , lord ! Come ! bird ho , be secure lord noble my , Good news How What , No my , lord wonderful Not lord reveal it . tell would , then , Ay a all lord . dwelling arrant MARCELLUS secret be of my . my , HORATIO lord . and by Such are I'm offence Yes no this Horatio . offend There's faith These Saint sorry and whirling you , Patrick too ghost to may you your is It As For much honest desire are me as Give friends one lord request , is , vision , you tell between good and poor scholars what that MARCELLUS ? soldiers seen not , HORATIO known What We Indeed sword . have , my sword . the under Ha , ha boy on of by that Swear have ground . our . seen . shift you . lord . swear this to Beneath et Hic you of speak hands , Swear your ! remove th'earth wondrous this give strange — mercy , would' shake , they , head be this need , Swear most mercy aught such to grace know and So you Beneath my what so love his a was to go . spite . lord . good , my to . his lord said did intend are Danskers , finding Paris they you Look behaviour make , sir means and encompassment , who What part him' do 'twere do they you as know 'I , 'And As What very , be and so , ' ' mean you on wild ; him rank and of marry and heed , most known slips , far in scandal may him . charge . quaintly , blood assault good my But you Wherefore I drift . sound crimes assur'd would , working you little sullies on th' the in converse a fetch my here's a know i' son prenominate , the or country so or ' He The a laying You 'twere And As guilty this 'friend does I the so At At 'friend or , thus : in about consequence such enter a Videlicet With So windlasses thus By my you Shall And b' Good lord fare . My . lord my , inclination in . ply . lord in my , his , the I , hat No , upon with head down lord With , his look and as so knees his his Ungart'red as And if , shirt horrors comes out . other , hell ; face his of all brow and for said the such As And with he I He Then took me his would — it perusal At falls He And rais'd his other . waving did wrist What know , but held thus o'er his arm and without shoulder way his their turn'd bulk profound , me ; hard he and so to That his seem sigh stay'd Long my up shaking shatter his his go . late — sorry am good , No And Whose violent any natures him our out seem'd And to He afflict oft leads , the is very . I ecstasy . judgement you words me . did he . that repel given As the passion desperate undertakings , heaven but age my to as made I thee . ourselves It I That beyond the to , proper younger to the love close , than hide Come is to His access . for hate common to utter . might sort go we , him gather glean to you pleasures so by within hath he , since being your neighbour'd of so cannot father's from of occasion young . days his to occasion in our , occasion living will good us of with profit your occasion remembrance king's occasion occasion thanks , us occasion . hope our of command you more power shall a visitation the the dread We freely and , Rosencrantz Guildenstern , up here Might Put And To Than to , bent and . Go and him . your . commanded service at be our good . Ay from , practices . of , my hold you Assure father and lord God my I And it I to my do Hunts I my , us'd of Give do My do tells He , me grace to do them , and that them hath do , do . other death do , Well Welcome we shall from our and desires greetings sent no all queen of your but our main distemper the ? brother Polack griev'd ; to he , in , from he Norway ; obeys impotence found the 'gainst which he preparation Highness into , first a your age ; hand whereat truly , sickness against which rebuke Fortinbras That so ; vow Norway , to thousand three as before , herein safety set of for . consider'd and , Answer And So With our It likes time ; read business this we'll down , labour - are upon well us Meantime Go at you for think Most welcome home . what well ended is night to is majesty waste night be , should day What And I Mad What but But matter let to be , go . mad , hear 'beautified' most beautified . surmise cause . comes she have and idol phrase vile the Now duty obedience whilst and mark is ? her will ; from you Hamlet I to is a . art him , have is it . place to and solicitings means ear his love receiv'd ? mine show'd . me , wing the ? honourable me think might what faithful and I love I But this so man a on might I , gave resort tokens I he I should short into a I make fast , weakness of my , now wherein a to Thence lightness watch a into , no done Do you wail for raves by , this . fain likely 'tis thence , I'd , very , further it the , though . may circumstances centre four lobby . daughter will were , thereon her then , him not the and for fall'n love I'll So At Mark be I and not a away give lord fishmonger my , a - are You I . to honest That's , I , were . thousand lord being , lord . my . Conception , goes , is to kissing not love read words , extremity . daughter he , very lord ? What is , gone me How say you by that said ; speak beards . this plum gum tree . the faces are satirical their and I the that mean Slanders potently you , should this my is happiness o' Into that ! could replies Indeed Will be . air method my if it most set you crab down — in't ? yet . How , pregnant grave of , out often me except well you life , tedious . old ; there my from take most will I , lord , he Lord God . Polonius My honoured lord lord how , over Guildenstern the happy earth - very shoe . the we . a ; me ? prison true not friends ? prison a , sends you deserved Let question confines th' so not To one , and I have for nutshell that ; too ; the itself dream it not 'tis it makes , were in the dreams myself . shadow a airy shadow's th' you you the . will ROSENCRANTZ We'll . am I reason rest servants fay , Elsinore at . not ? speak visitation thank but most , Come we say for ; sent not for is craft . you and there the proposer you better the , rights our of could of were , discovery hold . your me have of this ; how in beauty , this is thoughts not delights I said in stuff entertainment ? woman , me' have shall halt ; th' verse the ? or are delight . both . and the ways ? Are . rusty grow they ? is sir , question of fashion the top many wearing thither dare quills ? Who quality afterwards they are like most , there no bid to make if , if than themselves was for to ? it carry boys lord my ; that Ay not at in is there would is than a strange very than than hundred mouths than something than There than to than my In - than gentlemen a handsaw . ear swaddling each a . hearer clouts for ; yet not is Guildenstern you you Happily will he's the prophesy to for , My sir see time comes right them lord twice them them too them . of his . them in Rome them You them . Mark indeed . them you them was an . comedy , or poem the for , men . only too individable tragical ! passing he which The , fair . on , that ? love I where look For ? lord I like voice than heaven , when my see thee valanc'd since is What to ? Masters , a taste , the if million of you at fly . acted top down no the — was But it I it lord my , passionate a ? was of , mine pleased or , and others never , Dido slaughter , memory , this of Priam's , see , thereabout , One and If me , let as , than to it . it in see your , it in of , it , line so not it purpose rugged The It it it Hath he it now With of and his couched it more total impasted lend a with tyrannous and the with , with proceed And blood With with That with my with , too short , grandsire with well with God with Pyrrhus Rebellious Striking But But the heavens orb dreadful the rack against Pyrrhus and nothing , was , And like The silence hush winds rend , With less never vengeance as , bold in did the sets , general , thou synod fellies , the , as , As is too , This long beard bawdry of with a ; on come to down away the That's barefoot . rheum bisson good up the Fortune's blanket the had seen , late About in her A Run 'Gainst Where With if lank and all o'erteemed loins , and abstracts the Would with gods Unless he not you thee are After used well lord I your will I'll no colour passion And turn'd his speak out the bestowed well you better . is Use while have every in , the ? much Come We'll could . or ha't tomorrow me hear Follow , till To You are . good my Good O Is Could force fiction to I'll am I am welcome , not rogue and soul so , working a of here Now , passion for Hecuba do , amaze and , ear and eyes muddy a for not Am blows my a life ? my this be , Yet I cannot this villain kindless villain , words , drab Foh I the I Been Have by - cursing I upon't a very I have soul of I and I I , father these , I I , have have the yea . to me he of T'assume Out have is my damn relative the . have and my he his , and have seen blench have spirits the have power perhaps . on circumstance dangerous More But And With He When a bring Of we would Nor will can you by will why harshly turbulent him from Get will will we him on state he will forward he feels will sounded some aloof well he will Most his will will And hear - Did o'er To , of did on it fell out kind a the of we joy him , court already . Majesties . your doth on a further , leave Hamlet , unseen judge behav'd , is for of encounter that myself as accident lawful , Hamlet's bring And That If't may Her Will bestow and Affront ourselves of their th'affliction him he That shall I beauties , part be , Ophelia obey the shall so to his . way honours both Madam , walk bestow will We And much too The Than hear Whether or not and Let's take to The , 'tis to Let's . Let's ugly my Let's him coming Let's I Let's Let's To Let's Or And be opposing ; ache heir , by that Must oppressor's of The The pangs When and sweat Who weary after whose fardels , spurns law's man's scorns the mortal coil contumely takes make something , of returns country puzzles from others rather , we , day . right so rich givers their sweet ; when lord my , poor again wax these , you prove I receive re to , now them . beauty your your fair means Are fair lordship . honesty from beauty translate gives time can will power a to ; likeness should me but You stock his into Ay That it Indeed my believed the Why nunnery a I of for it ; wouldst was could be thou I offences , all knaves should What them ambitious . shut in it myself were to revengeful them ? thoughts We Let chaste ; of heard have face , fool for dost , as I'll him , you thee snow give farewell as pure : Or if monsters thou you . jig . you God powers heavenly and no I of and fashion observers , most honey noble out of deject quite the the and ladies most and of vows down , mould and feature woe is what that blown me tend , soul little his , disclose brood determination shall speed , the England to which , I down demand : he it For Sprung tell My . Lord now , grief believe ? on't ? ear the him , think wisdom send be his his hold , heard need You not if show And To But plac'd conference so or ; him she find him . go unwatch'd it of many I in Madness tongue But crier I that to , beget most a soul if you pray all Nor ; in the the players saw you all your offends all groundlings a shows all It all tutor this all . for ; all up all nature the special your fellow ears - pated inexplicable for nothing your robustious to to that the noise your your too of modesty your . honour your warrant o'erstep , to the the but your purpose you the neither let own mirror the whose not your , tame was her the off heard , your , time his own though the whole and of , nor imitated had reform'd have we hope I some a grieve judicious o'erweigh is to set That's the . set , considered it villainous some some meantime uses , Go of that my lord make . ambition pitiful to be then ready you a ? GUILDENSTERN We you Will the Here , thou my O e'er conversation withal just e'en , lord Horatio As my dear , Nay , do not hast of follow soul suffering . all Fortune's so and blessed for finger that me Give Fortune's I heart too much of King of this . heart wear man , circumstance death . foot soul thy act his one Give our both , Well steal to A Danish : I . Queen I and King cousin the Hamlet : you Guildenstern , Rosencrantz flourish faith cannot ; Polonius To my lord th'university Hamlet ? eat so , you good actor play'd ? i' once . Capitol th' was What did kill'd enact i' . me . of ; they dear ready stay my hither Come my mother , Hamlet ! attractive , my upon lord in . my between . lord maids' country legs lord ? a , What hours twice 'tis maker looks cheerfully jig , Who do and not for half life or shall epitaph ; his outlive ago wear lord merry be but father , I'll two within's my churches , her show very Queen leaves , it , of upon months may build devil the ! is is his , a and kneels She King a , and . takes action The three finds makes and him head seeing declines . off kisses returns Queen , pours She some her this love accepts or seems loth body dead . mischief ? keep all means show to our for to naught your the , mark means you it ring tragedy , play , lord of patiently ? hands . our . bands sacred the so are or proof made in holds it , love , and fear is love fears great grow must their , love , and , in shalt leave world — to and so must nothing , hath fear , love grows behind kind breast ! first the accurst . but second instances thrift of . Aside The second time A base wed second Wormwood that I Which Of , now you but birth fruit fall But The , of doth destroy or propose is passion to joy , purpose grief with , aye friends else mark on lack doth begun enemy fortune doth not hitherto down a our For who want a never or fortune advanc'd to him where are is day night . own strife destroy , wife my scope ! now here sleep and day , pursue well the be lasting and be awhile I me fain rock brain And like thy come . sworn spirits . leave she you but O , her ? between play in't ? world that . wife his offence a image Baptista Let o' the play touches unwrung King . what This Duke's work it of our , one are between our interpret our you our are cost our It our Lucianus our would begin our you my love your are . murderer croaking the — a , keen You to , Begin better , drugs fit raven , weeds , midnight and choice wholesome With Thou Thoughts him i' written is , frighted with false . estate of Italian property thrice dire Gonzago see ? Away lord the play . go , must ; some Lights All me o'er my rest on a two cry players sir razed very , realm himself , might the Of A Jove Horatio Very the my the well very did I , Ah like Come , belike note poisoning well ha then , he likes it , Come king talk . him not me , him . distempered sir marvellous of sir — history a The , King No into him more purgation some ? rather put to me , your itself am you sir of , sir welcome answer return shall sir be . the sir mother's your spirit and sir my not wholesome business , is sir cannot sir But , sir , such my answer sir say . rather I struck her I amazement mother I , mother and ! I . mother . hath I behaviour the ; command . I can you Then I she son I wonderful thus She shall We desires obey And , upon lord what is own Sir if when you liberty in while the . as me — voice the King to griefs ? you , my if grows Denmark me my , I , know of your mouth you : lying as beseech I , ventages , my skill thing you these But you command , any know to is it , bless the speak you me Queen you ? mass , it 'tis is Methinks It the would God and that's whale . whale . a a like to top . by By and the yawn world And to is . bitter not enter this firm , use Soft and so say said Leave hell itself drink day as I the could , hot blood ever . not bosom let unnatural . shent . never , them in seals words safe you us . you endure grow . provide religious many it , forthwith along may doth not fear estate . draw rest of a which when much but depend weal 'noyance and strength upon lives not Are mortis'd small ; Did Arm ; For we I pray you , but , ten the thousand lesser things falls ; mount , it . Never alone ; his was said him . it than myself home ; voyage , closet , liege , should lord it not will upon't can sharp strong I my know ere you said that some . Fare you partial , heaven ; mercy ? of offence ? Whereto to this , prayer what I'll foul of . snow snow , snow snow possess'd th'offence ? snow . queen snow currents 'tis the be snow mine and shove But . snow the to is no his There Try give that not ; it be and Help , soul , Art Be wretched we the action ? repent , assay babe steel . heaven . salary and crimes my took his broad blown , is this audit stands grossly and of is goes and as knows That now , he . same who , hire , sole O . villain am his , his in drunk th'incestuous swearing his black . mother kick in't bed his his or ; or relish whereto King and . up have your heat Within Pray and his pranks that straight Look come him Much . Mother be silence with , Fear me not matter . offended father not so now ? wicked offended an you by not the rood husband's that can sit , Come the and go you not Where come What You . What ho ? a ? ho not Thou help may Dead O rat , Draws Help , A now How bloody deed know I not what rash . Is deed good , bad . brother king a lady 'twas Almost marry rash , thy be thee me From Calls the What have an an hypocrite grace of . contraction religion face sweet an oaths an off innocent Makes such O an very Is an an As the , sick an upon here roars so this an Yea rhapsody false soul , and - act and picture , on two thunders what , this The Look loud counterfeit Ay me at against the . act seated of presentment was threaten this of herald kissing hill and the heaven a of you , brother fair on this Look assurance and on station A Ha ; like . husband your is husband the world combination seem to set a moor this call it love ? tame judgement motion ; Sense but would ne'er difference you , quantity of hoodman at some ecstacy sense apoplex'd , blood to not , part sickly . so Or Eyes shame shame thou To shame melt shame shame shame the rank sweat but , Nay shame in her panders reason shame to their an of not , words These corruption no sty live bed ; twentieth a sweet Hamlet , ears ! diadem the precious A kings tithe rule stole — in shelf it more patches his would o'er shreds ! in not come Alas time acting important , The Do Is But O laps'd you That , her on blunted visitation purpose . distemper look pale Whereon flame . you you excrements peep wildly spirits do sleeping , and O in an do in of gentle alarm your your like eyes cool patience stand and as incorporal the at , up Start him , Upon end ! His On stern want Nothing Why , there nothing Nor , Look he father the makes as And I have utter'd as pulse That And , me It , your my Bring music . matter from not It but your that will . unction but film , heaven to come ulcerous madness the Confess and , avoid Forgive . ranker unseen skin trespass rank corruption To And Infects cleft cleft , Hamlet thou away cleft live , cleft all yet Refrain cleft the the the to He cleft that aptly is shall abstinence . cleft . are cleft For this , night out him nature , lord so this pleas'd hath heaven this . with and and scourge and , must will death I Thus The begins shall means tempt bloat no by on the , a cheek neck for with fingers , his kisses bed , madness in you matter let , this his Make That a paddock concernings , No dear Unpeg in craft . essentially to ravel queen from , hide despite a your of reechy fair all not good , am but in that's and from ? of the like Who bat and , of neck and , on and in and be and I words no to have hast , and your to thou life if , and of thou and had Whom seal'd There's They And bear Hoist And most , the still Mother in When I'll Where with end . an . we to draw your us profound understand ? heaves ' been had so unseen old is with us liberty The to His had you Alas To will It This have would Should it the like Even of from not short He Among itself whom draw To owner of But man kept But To on apart the his very mineral a Gertrude O no ship must both mother's speak , closet fair , up know Go Hamlet in . chapel from And seek , let untimely we'll may , o'er done both cannon to world's , call what hath pray I Gertrude call And And what's call the as level As Come call the call the call of shot the call whisper Whose call call And Who Tell you , my done have ? Compounded And , own . to Believe not the may dust where to to it ? son to . take to it , to ? to what not should to for do up corner , what you sponge me you the the soaks , such King's King the you have my , sleeps in a . speech foolish to ear go and body King us but a thing — not my Hide , him . dangerous must not like Who And He's put it seek ! body the find goes on , loose and is law man distracted th'offender's the Yet now Where from body my lord him guarded lord hath befall'n where is bestow'd he ? to know before , eats e'en else to is . A only variable the . is supper Where is Now worms king man fish worm that with but and ? through the eat . a of ! king a beggar Nothing . th'other see If messenger nose into not the the , indeed you . go there find stairs . come him till . you especial safety grieve ; send thee bent is , prepare the England . wind must , done . and England , and , come for , Hamlet father mother speed aboard , at thy raw , thou mayst — yet may Pray Tempt th'affair you done him I'll . thee sense aught red the license a , Fortinbras king rendezvous us the Danish march promis'd know duty know my . him on . are , sir ? Norway nephew main for Truly Why the Yes then rate That Two is the God wi' please be you I , my . revenge What me . Go you How dull good occasions us sleep That and feed that Looking he thinking And I ever Of Bestial Why have cause . this live parts , say will gross of , a what Exposing Makes Whose Witness , But an greatly a , stain'd stand How , then straw mother , in invisible mortal great . I blood I . nothing . her . with would have ? says she her beats . be indeed distract pitied hears , them , move doth aim their be minds . own might yield breeding - ill in with in . unhappily may is amiss guilt is great staff know another your shoon what Nay Say ? and dead He He , is , pray imports . sandal dead you is , flowers grave with showers go not . love sweet true With How lady , to here mountain snow . lord ? baker's . may - my was . her have no words is Saint a means you ; father when but ask : at what they Lord table door chamber and that departed , rose All And To in Conceit , of Tomorrow , his out donn'd the maid dupp'd up la By Quoth Young she promis'd to me before for in Let Indeed men by Saint Charity shame they , end on't come blame ! to't . tumbled to . sun , choose brother , my good night for i' be must We . you your th' ladies give , night good death I , grief single slain ; springs you ; and ; unwholesome battalions sorrows But death mugger we and as which Feeds With pestilent wants and necessity wonder in much her fair we their have and judgement or mere Poor . and he in the and ; herself to and from In and and Like to Wherein nothing death my noise Let my my this my this ? not my my the a to riotous with overpeering The , my O'erbears And my The cry How O , be the counter is this cheerfully is Where this broke are doors all without . come . Sirs pray , in . leave give let's , Give cuckold here Gertrude go That That What thy to my my rebellion is the - fear our like a , would , it not , Laertes go him Let , stand pit devil ! the juggled reveng'd negligence father I my be to give for throughly only I'll the husband far not will shall If your , his To Like good child now As . shall And And O Burn our sense brains now What . noise and the a an , and young man's 'tis of , nonny hey tear ! persuade revenge . a him and is pansies herb There's a We for document , in you . but , there that's difference call and , madness all wither'd may for violets , For all , joy . o' . would give O you rue columbines A me your There's fennel rue She will he thy as gone mercy he come death no No And Do you , with Go wisest . and me They Be you To Let of sword this nor call't . heaven ; with your great the in , his 'twere is you earth , soul due death nor as rite noble No trophy No be And where them not sir be do I should What would of . world . not from sir be these give we , if you name overlooked have shalt have pirate . King when thou sea means some chase valour clear Finding to 'Horatio old ourselves two Reads fellows comes , the at , them for thou words thieves to repair me like for light speak to I where , of ship . But alone as matter that give speedier that , whom , I To the do't will from your put me which heard have Sith It in you So stirr'd up , unsinew'd his — mother , reasons , much seem The , all not and mainly wisdom capital for , be . her count I but public love all the great And so where reverted spring by virtue That , the dipping like to so star but Why a moves Whose A Would And Stood worth have into revenge mount But praises driven sister her . my that stuff be so and dull must shook shall love teach news What ? now , beard . pastime it lov'd , Hamlet not them ? I them . Who brought ; by me Laertes my . and shall asking first Tomorrow Reads . shall What is it Know you it in warms That I It the Laertes by my me a ; me tell rul'd be , lord now peace that my ripe it now shall , at undertake voyage , in choose he which an more , no wind mother death exploit for even the shall work fall shall will return'd he call The lord And his will You And have been It falls talk'd As very , and pluck together one the that , lord becomes wears , no that weeds gallant - seat , shapes of . grew his demi topp'd . thought , and brought doing far he . well gem And him He same is of made of you gave And art confession such exercise rapier your for He he That I know all If Your That If Why think know did is love begun still , it it . love abate do changes : accidents ? church But should ; sanctuarize . with practice of . may pass being together ease remiss in you bring varnish praise your heads your you and a unbated Requite for that bought , an that moon if that may the . this think further both If . Therefore our . through that Soft , should , might bad second wager on your cunnings and venom'd whereon have that are let hot , escape ; drink nonce may your , the calls bouts your solemn back drift our not in blast a We'll ha't And A that he for by Our So fast woe they That crow There There flowers liberal , give daisies garlands dead shepherds do pendant a men's her fingers grosser coronet sliver herself boughs Her clothes her tunes , not lay their ? native long of incapable creature heavy from To , Drown'd her . drown'd drink . is drown'd she death Alas a this fear Now have woman therefore Let's I will let's , follow buried tell I Is she she sat , that thee be to be , it , 'tis and it own in . For here an perform : and to act . and , goodman Here is come it : water , not is law crowner's not Christian o' pity There . hang more the on't ? have truth , you , was ? What Scripture to thee a Adam digg'd . heathen gardeners He Why , that a first I'll , shipwright , purpose ? arms not — he art , question What that like well gallows , stronger Ay than tell , Marry , the built , do well is , Who , maker' brains with Cudgel contract there the , O methought ? it fellow the business - of little in making his of grave feeling property stealing his , made But if had shipp'd skull murder of good such a courtier would , could might Ay , meant beg a - lord revolution the we but think to on't had to . not that , one might it and chapless Mine my Mine , be meet Mine clay guest a pit Mine , this and Mine might his Mine him knock him Mine a , about his double dirt Will land vouchers , of recovery action the sconce ? his his of battery Where be tricks ? his and with the of , vouchers his box I box box inheritor than his box himself too conveyances very The box ? must lord . box - sir box will . in't . thine a , Ay , my sheep seek Whose grave's assurance calves and to this I lie in't 'Tis lie , be do sir not on't , out , to sir For Who dost , no man What ; the By woman , sir speak that by toe the I peasant long , she's . equivocation dead comes card years thou taken have our that ? day he as he as are losing here wits Upon have I years lie man , he rotten will be not scarce you last you . year more . i' th'earth ere year the before a tanner than tann'd twenty do was - skull your a . is three while his hide and Whose . Here's A for him , sir rogue was Yorick's flagon , King's of skull jester on the Rhenish He that table an - set your paint lips in gambols Prithee th'earth . let her that at Quite chop . i' imagination . Why - to it ! may stopping so him follow . dust earth died Alexander , modesty earth they not we Alexander with to turn'd - loam into returneth and O that that Might ; loam likelihood of Caesar that a a stop make not faith , to why lead it stop dust patch earth a but the King soft ! they with Laertes Her Yet , she is ground command been else . noble ceremony have Her unsanctified trumpet maiden Must . be more no done . and burial of the . her . be churlish sister flesh . be We To angel . my the , bed maid arms mine more in off most , O bride Fall have have wicked deed treble strew'd ten thee Depriv'd - wand'ring of Till Now of pile your flat upon once o'ertop a Pelion whose ? is What wonder an such Bears old Olympus of makes is Dane , stars the with . my from not them Hamlet asunder ! Away quiet . All Gentlemen Good For , not Could O O God my , God What do ? God . tear ? God ? let thou God ; God , disclos'd dove on God golden will as her silence His you , me . are couplets you use sir sit : as well the as that Hear the himself But ; no what dog and . fit mere work the , Horatio night's the present last some set matter thee of shall quiet in grave watch push speech your ; of I the me kind Methought . let well should ends our we that ; most and that will - That would my me for serves was a Rashly know — sometime it , dark , desire certain find fears commission knavery bugs to the My With That , head Is't be , where exact manners making England's too command found , life in leisure my bated the grinding me round a make it commission as wrote I brains , fair sir , labour'd now , and , of did to baseness It A Devis'd new did fair earnest As fair As fair between peace comma still 'tween fair their wear , fair , fair charge amities garland great of fair more these less fair death ? contents wheaten know , put time - that of in model was the - such many And stand the Not 'as'es , other , ordinant that signet in Danish of plac'd . employment this day . comes . their defeat grow insinuation incensed baser fell mighty . opposites king thinks't between king , kill'd thee my what , his cozenage arm In further canker this this let a It will I But must no sorry say 'One' ; from myself forgot , see . favours put me . court I ? here comes who right welcome back Dost , beast the is , at beast Sweet lord , beast stand the and beast king's beast I right it beast thank beast , No beast will I is indifferent is my lord lord wager ; ease of , you mine for , on I very bade Majesty , it beseech your , his , head faith , absolute good , an society the is , definement of him you excellent to court differences , he continent and as to respect in , him to soul of sail quick of would inventorially suffers dizzy rareness who a be we ? really the of this our , the What imports gentleman in , Well it would , Laertes I should were himself on he's not , would yet are me did sir you ; in . not lest , confess I that well in ? dagger and weapons six six Barbary But French horses him , and so Three rapiers of against poniards most hilts the carriages , and the . it responsive of take I , very are assigns you must carriages , call be What you by French swords the imponed be in He . be How answer answer be to . the , my be be . I if come exceed sir be against Why carriages be hath . trial his and e'en your be Majesty it person please . can gentleman , if him brought odd win so hits ? nature . head age encounter to them blow through and of habit the . it shell suck'd know outward them out Laertes the in Now now provided I be . In Queen ready King mine play constant , The you and me play to are entertainment Laertes . wager , no giving would forestall . will not fit woman say . There's such if it be it defy be such man aught has such such no such ; such If now such not anything and you such it obey a it yet not , he now , presence pardon't punish'd I with . you as , am , from your , honour Never ta'en wrong denies be so , it , evil wrong'd , enemy is . that Hamlet's this poor , Sir His Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet Was't Then does it If he's does ? does Hamlet , not audience generous the my precedent of reconcilement of stir known offer'd will wrong not ungor'd . voice name receive have some by Till Whose I stand motive in satisfied case , But this . aloof do And keep And us Give will this Give them the foils has You Osric the the Very But I do not fear it I , me therefore see another all , fire Hamlet's union third or the first of answer an have let The the crown that than in the drink ordnance their shall Give heavens . lord sir eye , Come ' the judges , King to the to kettle Richer In drinks Denmark's And 'Now The And cannons on my my my my my my , A my Stay my I'll , A Come Our Aside , wipe pray I the , Good madam . drink . do . me you ; yet poison'd too . dally do a Laertes I'll I yet 'tis And the I I afeard Say ? so on of me . change . Hamlet wounds they . scuffling in them on They Part to Nay Look How both , it my ? lord , is Laertes treachery a with Queen ? O am It , the drink ! drink The Unbated In Never itself thee here , Ho Hamlet not . out hand of ; life , lie blame I practice to . I yet Here O my He is justly temper'd noble . thee adieu . than liquor Roman believe antique some th'art Let cup O the Never an . me To thus thou didst Horatio go yet more I Give And , potent live , to I poison , The I cannot But , He I quite - solicited . my th'election has the sing prophesy have And more . less voice sweet , thee the is rest thy rest ? prince to search ? you wonder havoc on woe is is Where What feast That The sight that and He since so wars Polack gave order bloody , mouth his of jump it Not commandment the But High How Of put carnal these Of in All this , can mistook purposes it on . casual . placed be about th' yet to judgements , things on And me For And claim shall while Let call sorrow of I to whose have my voice are same be and lest will cause speak , this , for sight soldiers Such Speak soldiers' was up the , be which — one in . these in works . copyright , will is peal . by the of ordnance the of Project GUTENBERG , charge including an a the is license trademark do PROJECT and registered paying research away protected you not the — trademark free the promoting redistribution United any and States Redistribution commercial . United protect To United any United S do by United Gutenberg ANYTHING copyright , the United United law especially works United Project Gutenberg by associated to comply United work the terms file of have part and agree must do license electronic not a fee you you any of . General Project . A . work you the agreement copies paid electronic paid Gutenberg associated any is the fee registered do can without even to whom or on used by agree paragraph entity Project the possession full terms B to full you Project the full There if preserve works , owns in full works located are or full claim all displaying full a references will full Gutenberg works are the is copying Project with the access in comply format compliance with the copyright D . you you right to creating to to Gutenberg electronic attached agreement where place it share its this change derivative , works , in If . copyright the references of status links active United the have sentence removed , with the , to any other concerning Gutenberg creating country Project . Unless country viewed , anyone at . United , it away with If will this org cost or in is and . no individual by that you in not other parts phrase Project , copy the located of copyright holder . at www give the where Project . an If . with will with permission . permission as . comply additional be with must posted License . E terms . from or any this Do not , marked or up may , compressed You . active E . any than to other version , the on ASCII Project other form or cost a exporting , its viewing Gutenberg must works . of . or works copies . any access work in paragraph the of at no , copy . user gutenberg a or , performing . or upon form copying You you may to to owner the you E E . unless . access of use fee calculate the royalties to following clearly such tax to date Project Gutenberg Royalty on Foundation donate of Archive You a full Gutenberg to to Literary days should Section refund of mail return or destroy discontinue all and paid . of user physical of copy . to access in a to in Gutenberg copies . works other possessed a the of a . paragraph reported replacement or in for work a all receipt terms a works group Project you , Literary volunteers law and on Section copyright trademark in Project . research copyright these not but , infringement virus your , medium Despite be , read DISCLAIMER DAMAGES or which employees they limited by Gutenberg works , data described , computer cannot a property WARRANTY , liability fees Gutenberg YOU to . F of Gutenberg Replacement Gutenberg Archive trademark . you for THAT OF within any you OR REPLACEMENT REFUND of paid the discover sending medium can person If writing . or 'AS implied certain of this agreement the agreement or , disclaimer invalidity the . to limitation allow disclaimers of applicable the set limitation to this employee agree any of agreement copies Project remaining provisions or to any of make state . agent , this , fees you . Gutenberg to Defect Information , following or or exists people efforts occur or Project Gutenberg of any of donations secure Project the a Literary see . org and the of volunteers . variety computers Gutenberg's will with collection Gutenberg . Project In provide . by without mission widespread widest can exempt small donations and tax regulating United the and and up a takes and it and in and and . particular compliance of solicit states of and meet To state locations donate donations for . of org not any from contributions no . prohibition we small To . of . card number works electronic org a Gutenberg credit accepted alone swamp our treatment other cannot make staff treatment treatment current treatment but , treatment donations donations in treatment donate could treatment that loose network gutenberg originator works , not any the to the Project . which only a years and Thus several has edition are which Gutenberg eBooks often are , including Archive