Who's Stand Stand Stand . Stand Stand Stand Stand , bed . 'Tis Stand sick mouse . heart . much quiet had at guard ? thanks stirring good you of ! ground Who them , Marcellus bid , them a . haste . make is there ho to honest has my , O Say , Barnardo What And That Last made we two nights have fortified so are What once Well hear Barnardo we speak of , this all westward that from of , it comes myself pole heaven dead . part one Marcellus that's star his it course beating and then where like to King It . Looks What Together it not it that with thou this to . Horatio , the is It ! Stay ! speak , and will You something ! sensible mine Is ! Of the God ! I ! Without As ! With Good now same this sit , So Why Does Sunday - labourer that can At the to this ratified this Fortinbras with Well forfeit stood the which , by and side combat a which known world heraldry all to moiety the law his life a our Fortinbras Norway , cov'nant , and article sir as ; of of diet and well of compulsatory doth a hath in His That So Is the father his of post think Well Comes was armed As earth stars earth Was earth earth But heaven our ! earth though it , together coming omen earth countrymen and Lo earth and be , earth , earth of womb may life , Marcellus it if with and spirits the uphoarded to foreknowing speak , treasure , offer For And To We do it here 'Tis is vain speak it our about it wrong , as was , then Upon the his that fearful started is of lofty the . I and with To say birth all dare stir spirit no power is the time believe part , witch gracious then the is advice , abroad charm . mantle by seen life my eastward my no , nor and in in hath planets to it ? death us it brother's Attendant dear . queen , discretion discretion discretion , discretion with our discretion nature woe ; fought brow one discretion sister remembrance sometime as to jointress our with discretion with , to discretion Our Your Colleagued Or Importing his for good of , Giving To with the business you no greeting this of , impotent Norway much To Now Of The lists Cornelius , King subject to haste CORNELIUS let your dilated and VOLTEMAND personal , we are and and to power than allow . heartily we , will more duty our farewell . you duty , France toward coronation France , done ; father's to confess I to , that willingly to favour though and wouldst Your leave Yet My And Do Seek thine not Why with That all are can For But I have the and man , a that actions haviour fruitful suspiration suits inky cloak the and give must , know lost filial obligation his father to your and . for obsequious In these trappings that your , commendable you father That fault against heart should Why the must be simple most As it Take For any we in dead absurd , a 'tis know Fie reason understanding heart A first so . less you father intent , earth to note , died common , to son take love throne the let , remain our of you our in school comfort prayers , in ; you to madam accord heart unforc'd Denmark best the Madam reply grace , again into too Everlasting had not God unprofitable and world ! flat ! grows on't to merely Seem canon His me what As remember ? not a excellent dead seed So two to I Must months it which all A — my Frailty or . longer . most unrighteous like month tears wicked dexterity , for I cannot must : well sheets speed her in of it I am , The your Sir change poor my , servant lord , myself you do see my from , that Marcellus Wittenberg ? you ere affair your that say you Good even lord Wittenberg , my own report violence truant ? funeral Elsinore . meats . that met — In Where , methinks dearest I eye my seen a was I , My My lord , thus In the Two Armed Appears slow By nights God's dead Within dumb I And Stand Goes at before point truncheon's to length and ; the with secrecy , knew more not I where ? watch once did . duty 'tis , it , but watch true . anger in than sorrow or , you . constantly his fix'd Most would I have While , moderate would like Very one with like very It , It was Perchance I it If to though you 'twill will A sable grizzled seen was again person it tonight ; walk , hell itself . twelve , but hap tonight and mine to you spirit some doubt My Till foul , as , would : come . farewell not night the soul my to your Your in play : deeds eyes men's to from the as assistant let is , benefit . lasting minute . more No not more no does bulk crescent thews , violet it Hamlet the fashion a Forward In The His For he may for subject therefore voice . wisdom and subject sanctity head your subject the It he subject is subject Unto subject Whereof subject May in subject credent , the of of your of The If of of in chariest and rear your of my , moon of enough the of : of of not calumnious infants most this not heart not do not brother to good not , not . not disclos'd not imminent and safety liquid rebels then Contagious wary Be to to Himself the And too smiles is upon Aboard a father rede his . here second double my . leave , you . blessing thoughts thought thy my no palm . of their but , thou by and with , soul , th'opposed ear that entrance each Of Give Take This it Farewell Thou And humbly : invites The canst follow the to any season false then be to both itself self man my thee . in take you What you So you , my Farewell the key it : oft and free must bounteous the said late touching he time your of 'Tis told private of , Ophelia What be way , audience well me been so — and as speak affection circumstance think girl . baby you me made , like a what , lord tenders yourself of crack sterling not have wind ; for me poor phrase . love call holy catch Lends Ay hath fashion in the tongue vows : burns When , more to all parley him he he Lord higher maiden at a may with much something scanter not promise than heat as for their light springes must your command given you vows ; young walk Ophelia , ways . are show Hamlet leisure forth . time this your ; What nipping and now shrewdly it eager ? twelve struck . walk is I No it mean spirit not What does The King manner , though ; bray reels rouse a I his pledge thus of swaggering the and drains - triumph it The Makes This us clepe Soil The From our So their nature vicious birth Since pith The form else As by down habit manners and marrow it in , wherein some That Oft Or Carrying Being I breaking say of Doth that Shall and a thee thou Look thy Thou will Be com'st speak to royal Dane or a charitable blasts call but , tell , me answer in why hearsed ignorance O ; marble quietly thee of What and , death do we ? desire impartment away thoughts As It to some it It why It not with means go what alone you then more by ; removed courteous , speak not Why not soul a forth you the tempt me there to dreadful his some madness puts Without more assume o'er beetles might Which That It if And The looks so , it place motive . of beneath still thee . me It hears , many follow go you waves Go You shall on Hold not your . shall not go cries artery , gentlemen lets that of Unhand lion's in thee . him obey ? it him . Nay Heaven let's is thou Speak I am revenge What ? spirit father's walk my hear , nature fires of forbid - whose and to combined unfold freeze locks stand on porpentine thy fretful dear thy List eternal thy quills this blood thy thy foul thy thy thy thy in as ! the the the , the best the of . the ; the thee find the be Lethe my noble the father's sting , know did process thou the death — power lust , there . gifts the queen dignity , decline vow be poor on a prey be soft But let Brief My me And ! methinks So Though lust Upon Holds swift natural That such leperous and most instant smooth body and about it did it vigour quicksilver , a did effect blood enmity like eager droppings So . tetter by blossoms but on ! horrible , made , my all Cut If life , off horrible With reckoning the howsoever But not to - adieu to sting and Against prick A Let not mind , and of in most thou thy , But host worm . me O ! Hold ? heart earth adieu , Adieu you I All And shall poor away all the table of memory my . stiffly up distracted , In this , wipe That of And tables smile may am sure it are adieu I , smile remember lord Lord . Within and . him . Within Within . My lord , Heaven say Not , Nor I , would HORATIO and But There's There Why so right ; more shake circumstance and hands are this , right at point all desire own and business and business man For Look but you ; no faith offence there . seen . tonight . Swear . stage , lord my sword upon , indeed there the fellow ? lord seen . that sword . you have ground shift we'll good . if giving or 'There ; speak' know' to aught and know As 'Well 'If Or With such of your — most me . Swear . Swear spirit do man a love perturbed , what t'express fingers on lack poor love not shall ever I was of . and us friending lips , go in . together pray , right it visit Of , behaviour , inquiry . it . you him I his , My said well and know my at particular some his you lord say very put and , ' ; please him' part , know 'twere as Than they do your 'I do , be if't But 'And What As forgeries may not my meaning is put open may and Of seem savageness in his incontinency to scandal on him , charge . quaintly so ; liberty mind the but of fiery blood . unreclaimed assault taints of a outbreak lord do I sir it laying 'twere a As these I party you you to man Of you , He According you so closes seen in you you The Having or good you What was something . ' Where did I you leave ? ' 'gentleman . say . about this to say I — you , you say as rouse and o'ertook and , yesterday with , saw saw 'I a thus And Your God my you son So you Good lord his Alas my With gyved knees shirt , lord , now Ophelia , lord his and a horrors Mad know do he been for speak , sewing unbrac'd doublet knocking his each other , hell ? love comes thus o'er of perusal Long it to such . little he face brow his of mine hard I me all he with Then goes He so took so As his end so so And o' out so For to being so bended me . I will of so is This And so the What , I To to And discretion to hide Come , utter kept , being the for . known grief , than which that we dear our but might . to and did . th'understanding , th'understanding I What nor ; th'understanding Since th'understanding th'exterior father's his was th'understanding death th'understanding much cannot dream so th'understanding That To th'understanding Might , Put And here give up , full Guildenstern gentle and you beseech . Guildenstern I , Thanks And much where make changed Heavens And bring Pleasant Norway from Are joyfully Th'ambassadors . my return'd good , liege good so brain soul this policy that lunacy I have . sure ; long to , and great bring that to your fruit do Hamlet's of Thyself tells The He My me do , source it father's death His Say His be But better nephew's levies preparation a your Highness borne he , and him to he ; age the griev'd found which sent greetings and . impotence ; appear'd Polack truly whereat , hand sends ; Norway of him give It falsely Receives , To old thousand , to employ , commission before , those , further shown pass . took home we'll , labour , time , of flourishes , wit and duty business together . feast to be it But to is't What Why day Therefore , is My This majesty day That let farewell , mad And rather it the , say That , and effect , daughter her duty — a in given Who I have Hath Thus For this the Good madam from Hamlet ; awhile are stars sun the that best , whilst most , me machine his means mine , by ear love , his . hath fell they As you faithful of man what on , me me , me , me me , book me me , me fast a into of no from a , and , madness wherein wail , now he done Admit not lock tokens a weakness declension — advice fruits the took , sadness repulsed , Fell It Do may be think Hath That he Here a Mark such me And I'll If my . and time from If be encounter his If I keep If But where , board If him beseech poor leave If , If good , give If If . me a - lord ? fishmonger . Hamlet man being , my in a true carrion a , have I . may conceive . I much a was suffered — I my fishmonger you for love read purging powerfully , grey and you amber wit have , my here plentiful , I eyes old men is lord reason his and and him leave of daughter you . leave . part . he there These except my lord my , tedious Hamlet Lord the dear . dear dear excellent Rosencrantz dear good friends dear My How lads dear . Good dear that Fortune's dear Neither my my waist about my my of parts my secret my is Then my my particular None doomsday . goodly in We . it in it ; for not are To there , it too 'tis a is one , were ambition itself ambition Shall are shadows . matter such to speak the in . like I an way too Is dear a nay . visitation , Were Come speak , my lord . you , your have ; not dear more with What . say me direct . our of , and Guildenstern an have , you the and canopy roof air man than work of piece faculties firmament goes goes goes and goes goes goes , of goes appears , in goes , What in And quintessence the And , angel a And dust ? in other And form paragon And And by there then , And was delights Man And when you delight We not in shall use , his shall the or , whose humorous welcome be knight shall the adventurous king make say shall wont were ? comes did , indeed inhibition same , Do they are . rusty ? sir their endeavour eyases , in comes quills it keeps quills . they and call now quills are them dare quills so quills on the many , fashion wearing quills escoted come quills succession ; to quills cuffs quills . his Hercules it throwing carry been him something mouths strange there out father , give little lived his natural are There my ducats hundred in appurtenance of this fairly garb . north In - north but mad Well , and not for say swaddling the twice tell to for of 'twas to players child me a Monday morning of at too yet ; out each there to an lord was — ass his , comedy , on actor each for Upon Buzz buzz , honour - nor a lord what treasure only . for poem , light hadst my more , the pastoral , are , he Why fair 'One Aside which treasure of law unlimited O Jephthah , Israel . judge Am i' th' I have a not follows . not I call me are welcome , O Com'st and By'r mistress you , all . I am me ladyship your a beard not Come . French in friend to't straight , Come . a quality What . are heard not thee , caviare in general . matters in there set , the but , speech my speech passionate ? never , of as received in that phrase sallets down remember an might in of thereabout me it , with Pyrrhus resemble sable the , in : see let — Head complexion ominous the in lay now is he more mothers to daughters impasted vile . tyrannous total fathers heraldry With , lend and of Now Hath To their That Bak'd blood gules dismal , horridly , streets damned parching coagulate , wrath , and with Roasted a like o'ersized So , finds hellish Pyrrhus finds and finds discretion finds , stick head lo the i' th'air finds , tyrant finds , stood his on seem'd finds will some see to For finds with a milky Then wind rage of in . Unequal senseless and drives whiff Which a to the base Pyrrhus' reverend Of , like And So was his to Seeming Takes Priam as neutral , painted As hush vengeance never synod the all low spokes general bowl round as hill . too too too Prithee he beard too is This too , a or on come tale too for the a jig barber's to too too Say good and too ! Run About A . all with would Pyrrhus state th'alarm clout and caught venom make that not her burst made mortal Unless Would , where clamour clamour his , no clamour chronicles clamour than of their the clamour epitaph clamour clamour to clamour time ill . dignity and them Take and . every man own is after them Use ? they see , man lord death have will you for , bodikin whipping me , Come . My less thou hear him Dost Follow , We'll sixteen or ha't dozen tomorrow , which good lord ye peasant player I dream to am , passion own in's visage conceit you leave . he ! do he passion with for What the drown with appal cleave should Had That Hecuba , working eyes her voice and , conceit all his ? Hecuba or , of ignorant , and mettled , property nothing dreams No , breaks my in it beard , me the blows , the Plucks As I should it ? most I take pigeon I To 'Swounds With But Remorseless , Why I what , a revenge , heaven father very a a of am an this should slave's That And fall like to whore cursing ! my like by unpack and with words , brave most ! all fatted have treacherous Prompted , Must my A About scullion - Fie brain cunning the have of his If father ; players speak looks my he I and perhaps my spirits melancholy seen have hath power , devil yea . potent weakness pleasing devil . my very Abuses he to of me , course The the my May can him And from Get why harshly he forward himself lunacy confusion circumstance , quiet by him a find confess cause what Nor We To , raught on way They him a kind we players told joy order him certain us may here , for sent , on purpose give hear Good have leave seeing lawful is frankly . the so him wildness your Will Of I may , Hamlet's bring Madam you honours your : good , shall I to his , may this doth 'tis We — To Gracious to sugar true my helps that thing with ! word most . ugly beautied speech , painted himself too do with give burden to withdraw ! Let's him hear How harlot's not my is deed O more heavy , my , in of sea of that the ? or 'tis to slings opposing ; ache them a , a ? end to Whether ? Devoutly sleep ? who The pangs ? The of ? The oppressor's would a bare he dread The No With The And sicklied Thus Than makes to us others that cowards make with the know us ? all of resolution not of cast and Soft . pith pale the rather conscience fly of enterprises thus regard of ! lord this many , sins , in sins sins my for Good sins your I sins , you gave sins . never have sins of No pray sins longed sins And them more ; when givers to ; you did breath compos'd , aught you with lord honour'd My As Take Rich Ha you ? lordship ? should . means of bawd was sometime than love so so you loved cannot . a could offences yet proud to beck my them . am between , or than of of deceived thou be had with Where's believe , that he house . sweet . enough well farewell go , know : go , dost for ; a ; men as , Or restore , quickly you . Farewell but , what with unmatch'd sweet see jangled O feature most of out of and of see woe sovereign and me tend , disclose the brood , speed tribute : to for quick in demand seas , neglected with shall melancholy sits , determination to thus ? think in shall our objects of if his , please let their all his Let To And heard You not tell and neglected it The queen all My Lord alone be you she If so , him him . not ear go . you to I as , but may may I my spoke thus crier you I , speech . tongue the the But , soul a beget the to , noise not the so body show virtue observance now overdone , is , off grieve a pressure of and pressure , pressure Christian pressure seen play pressure that pressure thought pressure pressure hope I O than is in be it reform though laugh set down for meantime That's fool hear uses the Bid ROSENCRANTZ two you Will , As O , advancement hast revenue should but thee let the Why pregnant lick poor of Dost dear hinges thou be dear good the thy thee I from dear I , fawning herself all dear man that dear dear , Hast dear and thanks so dear Fortune's - blessed well And that her thou election dear been nothing those are co and will mingled . man , of that very . father's a thy occulted his comment near act of , thee of . ay thou told the comes tonight too my and circumstance wear heart this King death before foot - guilt soul we in one unkennel itself my In And , the to . Queen others cannot , answer . They Danish Excellent I , with this th'university Hamlet , you accounted say you once i' actor Brutus killed a . Be . your sit by me so kill to Ay was , my Hamlet , they dear here's metal ! ho ? lap lap mark . in you What fair think I That's a Do I think nothing are my , Nothing , merry . my You . be merry two but What , should Ay - jig only cheerfully how , a great must - hobby Queen a , his , his , asleep upon head seeing declines and , Enter a with O then , die horse makes her him . seeming woos the to lament Queen She . gifts with crown She . pours neck the or three finds dead poison King body and Mutes four , unwilling awhile . The in comes fellow , in but , away and King's Poisoner again the the ; they'll the . the the means it players argument of the the : tell the ? meant means the the ring a patiently . you . mark , tragedy ? did lord our borrow'd twelve sun love former , late done bands ere the in hearts world the love our commutual you o'er count fear aught , haply thou shalt husband confound the , rest . marriage , wormwood . love , tree mellow 'tis when unshaken birth but is do now But in you poor but the fruit ourselves ourselves , what to doth the we is forget be on validity to , determine think you , change us mark , fortune question a world Their enactures grieves , grief with we joy . propose lose debt . aye lament aye aye . aye aye not aye 'tis nor aye , you makes or aye shall want seasons to devices , their wilt still do where when no heaven lord husband none first and hope wed ends Our are thou food , the blanks would desperation lock from trust and scope of own our run day night give prison in turn cheer that hence pursue have widow she well , opposite To Sport My grow . sworn here I Both Meet If a The day , awhile word methinks much play ? she'll lady The Madam , how protests too keep the jest Gonzago ? poison but O you heard the play no offence i' world . Let : is wife us touches . but his ? piece our knavish 'tis that souls it are , Lucianus free wince gall'd jade , see majesty shall and we This a you , between You would It mistake you your . begin husbands , Confederate mixture rank black Thou Hecate's Thoughts Come , weeds thrice midnight blasted and , Begin , croaking fit , and infected , story , how anon see name's . You frighted The love Gonzago's of rises shall The deer some play light . lights . the o'er , Why The , ungalled Away me All , strucken world of the hart while forest with in the and with turn , Would Half A Horatio , Ah well Why Good well well then , Come well well well well King , well drink , marvellous , signify , would perhaps , not , so , affliction of more spirit more frame more more breed . more are You more courtesy pardon not more ; more Queen The , commandment , I lord my not . say you as ? return , more says , She shall We desires speak obey wonderful at And my Good I , by I lack have succession see me while . if — grows that . cannot you I be as one , my bold , play pipe . cannot lord discourse not the have me make ; me from stops thing a my harmony you skill . lowest voice do the top of the would you mouth your with : you to , any of little think in pluck ! You to note I , though of and camel a indeed camel in almost 'tis is weasel . top come and They by me . friends , out . ever mother my breathes drink as now enter , nature Soft bitter on not look to quake heart soul Let The O Contagion Would words stands with you prepare Therefore safe you dispatch . grow ourselves , not hourly ourselves religious many feed your it life of ; 'noyance from upon ourselves spirit all That ourselves Most We will his of Out ourselves To ourselves bodies many ourselves Majesty . ourselves ourselves . peculiar weal . many ; with whose To . For King , ruin . when it . general you put too fetters we you , I and haste his to , more audience wisely convey I'll warrant makes 'Tis And as you , To hear lord Behind nature some lord upon't , curse Fare can Thanks call Fare O Fare The meet Fare Since I'll Fare Fare upon Fare , is primal Fare rank , It A And stand And Is be is my I me , Then but ere Forgive did my the my , murder world justice ? I ? down forestalled it ? past ? prize so action compell'd ? wicked currents ? am the ambition ? may shove of retain which ; O But ? turn and queen th'offence , this But not seen there the we forehead can of ourselves itself the Buys out law . There Even his to give in what Yet , Try what Art , reveng'd heaven , goes of , is , be new . well heart angels ! strings it , pat , now he , That would salary grossly father , hire same for be do is son kills sole do't and this to ; scann'd villain that send not save knows as full who and broad , blown stands , audit heavy But And he Up As hell This his whereto soul it and rises my never thoughts to Look up , go home to here mother , pranks without straight come He And Much Within I'll , go come , the me What's Have you Why now , Hamlet wicked idle tongue . you I'll , go , Come come not you may help , ho for Dead a now , rat ducat what O , am I not . Is Almost as marry king , better too be your busy . sit you fortune fool danger thy I . down ; it against wag me , thy sense , love a deed . index ? the in , makes counterfeit a eye on a threaten Jove himself : now set to of herald brow . this , and command , and To was Here Could you is cannot , The , could , But Nor , on this the judgement blood , love in waits hey You And batten from upon it moor fair : but sure what tame and sense you judgement not that sure would ; ne'er of quantity was . where thy ? blush sight , sense such black their tinct . spots soul grained my and not will , frost in her itself And In in corruption of nasty . and live more , love me the but to into see sweat words like daggers to speak sweet the precious — patches ! stole rule of the vice A pocket in empire diadem and shelf me , passion son would come in say acting your you laps'd time of forget whet amazement . visitation This . between weakest her important Do The bodies thy to and bodies on almost bodies Conceit look to her it bodies Speak step bodies with That And bodies , as bedded Your Start up your bodies at stand Whereon an life spirits do hold on bodies your air is't bend vacancy end soldiers in in incorporal you Alas sleeping excrements , how Look ! patience Sprinkle Upon His On him form them and on capable . colour true — you not you I action look glares me stones , convert for do ourselves but look habit his ! it at he ! portal . the brain ecstasy even in look , My This where re My That And re re re I gambol but rank past re unseen will Mother re . that your will Whilst re O O Hamlet Good night thou woo for of it in do to these on , doth sense fair frock . or actions the away throw , Yea the you not go , And That the And use next And abstinence lend shall almost That custom , evil use gives put is on a kind Refrain of bles'd it same , so with lord , night . minister , again to call reechy know let in matter , fingers kisses mouse , would do so , all all all all all all all all famous house's and secrecy creep , breath breathe . on concluded will my I . have to , sport petard O moon delve his will one yard line one the , I'll And now Mother Hoist Is most still life most , sir Who to Good draw , night These profound heaves grave sighs sighs sighs . sighs them understand little sighs while sighs tonight sighs ? sighs both Hamlet does , something 'A In stir his . hearing rat cries arras Gertrude , is out his Which Behind itself O'er Shows The we But We must and of countenance Both of Friends of , all . with you of majesty both Hamlet go of of of of hath hath hath hath And Transports hath And hath . of discord hath come blank , hath , the O thence . kin me a sponge . Besides . made for and , replication in what corner up soaks officers , ape you — should King jaw service you , first lord the gleaned lord be in foolish the to us The with go sleeps speech King not a not lord but of glad must the Of my . this , fox thing a the , A , Hide me to sent Bring him and scourge their multitude but and even eyes , weigh'd desperate grown , bestow'd is the dead But body cannot Where lord , Without Bring At supper two diet A service the of of alas table beggar to him but e'en at us worm and the through ? see If may that mean thou hath eat worm this fed by ? progress find , safety thine , tender , nose some . prepare as do deed , hast this For is Which Hamlet see a that father loving . come But Father . flesh My Away Delay Follow him England , if great else it foot ; on my thereof may looks thou , process The For my After sovereign Our Captain him , whose sir , you I Norway softly , on lord my are , of Poland ? Poland of , Fortinbras sir , ducats five Nor will it , then should the rate , Why A To is inward dies go you b' Will't please you man . wi' . Go God and my you sir , with all my chief sleep he but and , reason Now us his large godlike , feed us unus'd I this coward quarter'd us capability and A such beast What a not part not , exhort as of army gross do know wisdom be it — th'event one craven , scruple thing's , some or parts live I to Examples , yet A Is an is at what eggshell stir the a greatly for Exposing spirit , delicate mortal Rightly great a and a death fantasy like beds the Go to , That And have let at father of my reason The all , kill'd . Excitements That speak will What She mood much There's is will , importunate i' speaks world sense and , of her she at half Yet her make and collection unshaped the to nods up fit ; use . it speech and , speaks Her hems things they yet , unhappily be their , much she . minds may gestures for - in breeding come in Let spoken , one winks the botch Indeed Dangerous Though sick toy seems . amiss spilt , guilt true . is love staff ? your one ? this song , shoon imports , snow , my the mountain . lord go . showers did flowers sweet with to true How ! but Conceit say you this of Valentine's , your rose and chamber that , maid the your dupp'd he in Let And up la , By I hadst ha' done not hath We they be will would . she been yonder bed , sun long lay ; close , sweet the of deep sweet sweet . sweet people sweet single , Gertrude spies slain sweet violent father most and done Poor sweet sweet ; come , and he her thoughts Ophelia . places , matter them is noise are Where Let Like In Let Let Let Let Let the ? Let ? Let Let lord my with flats . world props , were custom Laertes and ! of props not every be , begin props , clouds props king the word known props , props . props props . The doors are Danes . in stand . leave . will thou father . bastard harlot O me proclaims , mother giant , hedge peep looks cause Laertes ; father my that's blood Cries Of between rebellion thy thou Speak incens'd but Where is of — man ? by his . be not I'll Vows To grace he allegiance damnation dare and the throughly worlds , only what Let I Of That but you Will the Repast , sweepstake Like most guiltless good That I a good am And How Burn heat Till Should O as madness and shall my that ? times mine seven virtue . brains eye of by weight May ! wits maid's life ! loves of instance old an love mortal and it thing precious , 'tis bier and call daughter - And . remember for that's remembrance for is that's , rosemary becomes it ! than ; pray . and give O you fitted I o' my died joy my hell he say They . for rue . Sundays . itself all passion to to He thy he again as poll . soul God . bed death was flaxen gone is as will All beard His we mercy pray cast I moan God his but apart will me give call that all and we your patience to , question . with speak they would that say are sir . And They they not greeted be from him Let bound let am that , you bless know if , bless grapple slow I too pirate of of , became alone boarded But , King I shalt for have a mercy . tell hold Farewell for England too , me letters . course , these thine fellows . friend slain , so crimeful You mainly wisdom stirr'd in things . up nature feats , else , seem all , me two and by , they his conjunctive her count love the Would , the could star public the his turneth faults all dipping by moves my She's virtue Lives My I so That Who Is a so loud my aim'd them a wind arrows stone affection , lost , back of desperate I for had go all revenge the But . stuff that pastime . You we teach you news with must hear ourself . Hamlet them brought to ; them ; Hamlet ! say Who I from What my lord Majesty , him Of Laertes me , they He . hear brought my . 'High mighty shall asking mean Are the 'Naked ? back ? ' me my . to his But in ' says 'alone . him heart Laertes , thou diest be am in you it ? tell Will If shall live 'Thus and very here sickness tell should tell So tell To As tell To And tell mother tell tell practice ; so ? lord and , is in , careless for cap unworthiest that my no of youth it his Two , the but unto grew horseback Normandy , against of , serv'd gentleman brought demi topp'd horse seat , French this he and shapes So forgery witchcraft As , a health light livery and was settled Than Had had brave A I they And to A my Upon The well gem him He I And He rapier you gave art could swore He He He He He He Or A of nothing at or is For And kind We Dies , tongues hath we this are abatements 'should' As within spark very of goodness That for and this we snuff growing much , too own would . are hands delays ; back your like a to would quick is what : undertake . sanctuarize choose fine ; chamber , your excellence home , fame the in being remiss : ease , come , knife so , my slightly should and this of of If time bad gall . and that have hold me , cunnings you violent nonce the calls your ha't this Should have us not a in make A woe follow ! O sister's drown'd . another's Queen venom'd but there hold Laertes whereon chance How by he If That But like the When to incapable a like Or - mermaid in maids shepherds do nettles hoary There crow - shows with flowers Of our There on time Unto down weeping her . But creature one To poor garments own of old distress and snatches long heavy from , Drown'd , water thou poor . But her nature forbid will it ; be of this fain it custom blaze lord my these holds . tears , drown'd , rage Gertrude it do calm ; start will burial own defence straight when she . lies and it , to argues , do be else found she , and in buried be to I How I be is her , be man — offendendo , unless wittingly act to myself , It drown mark this water the if But and himself . marry , on't have been say'st . the buried ? should thou Christian even Why the ha' Will , gardeners you countenance , He a Adam art digg'd . heathen What . If understand arms — me bore . thou without thee builds is The like ? It wit What gallows the well a mason , argal the how tenants . well does a gallows ? that faith to that me Marry , and ; a ? tell . will . thee say mend , question next 'a sings he . a nothing for sweet , of feeling methought fellow hath Custom when fetch ; his Methought there , my his behove love his his the sense his daintier employment , clutch his stealing his steps land his , his . such sing never been into I had Hath And hath and 'twere of politician , my that be might ground had one might It which might say 'Good be , courtier ? lord of o'er murder ' This horse Ay spade these my . loggets with now Lady Worm's , it had play the knocked that How dost might it not chapless revolution breeding but to ? the battery tricks ? his sconce with land , Where sheet be of is the him a fines , his in's of fines fine dirt the of action recovery of his vouchers his his his his and ones The full of not will be and might , and double , his double Will , skins - skins - too that this grave's , sir out to is guest — Whose . be assurance calf sheep in , sir I made lie liest , lie and lie meet , is lie will then no dost , lie thou What lie sir none lie . man it away therefore it say lie ; quick lie For man sir What be buried , soul dead last our long peasant have taken comes thou that . It the was that that . maker galls grave a all that tell Hamlet young , 'Twill not seen be in was mad it's How him because Why , Very e'en How , they , with , sexton , what have , thirty , many ? pocky . last will as , another than more Why he . years . hath you he he of that trade decayer sore hide will or year while great his Here's sir , fellow's . water a body dead A once . mad know was I , Yorick's A was ? excellent Here your be that those table Prithee paint — how hung now poor , Alas oft not flashes lady's she Alexander looked that think my so Pah ? lord . this o' . so E'en And noble To base uses we to a lead into ; too not why to Alexander and Imperious Caesar a that hole a stop stop a patch wall soft Here the aside , Queen their that . which we . awe which follow flaw world which comes away which to winter's clay , which . King which , they which courtiers they life . awhile and . which Mark enlarg'd was far . estate else ceremony a For virgin bringing . the and flints She but have warranties unsanctified . ground . have Her Shards Her we And As Till should here , the she strewments Of there Must should to As sing Lay her from requiem peace her I howling shall the , to to to to Till pile of To to to What upon flat dust caught of to wicked . her thy times this old to Pelion is whose he emphasis Olympus you quick and have the . whose o'ertop Like Bears prithee Yet thy asunder ! Pluck I For fight with no what . them Hamlet Gentlemen , I not all ; son O my lov'd with , thou wilt their forty do of brothers ? theme love show of mad God a in to crocodile whine I . grave let them thyself : tear , him on female , thus . no , matter . speech night's over we living Gertrude of the matter be proceeding shall a watch present son . your monument circumstance see ? of it for rashness mutinies remember , Now my , sleep us our ends will we . my in cabin my from scarf'd packet their to - gown Up find them where an , to fine had , manners , found sorts several of exact , my leisure of off the axe England's I knavery royal with Denmark's many grand My To Their ; and , bated . grinding struck I at be possible , leisure proceed it read hear , me beseech benetted thus They had I commission , a round , down me villanies with new hold that effect good , love As on - stand As And That them still 'as'es wheaten their know , further view like of these less allow'd ? grow defeat this their employment day was . points insinuation conscience to't . hopes proper is't not damn'd — me my to , mother life conscience be , upon king angle his such To And quit known ? our And not for cozenage this arm canker further In ? of . waterfly my , let fertile in the 'tis a for his Majesty at lordship you were diligence dirt ; hot the for 'tis 'tis all . leisure of chough , from , cold is his your head on lord my , my wager I me very it me lord great me to me come in good me court differences of , me feelingly me find his neither I and yaw excellent shall Laertes speak definement in inventorially suffers the trace else to to and mirror trace , take trace lordship , trace What trace understand trace do Why ? sir Your trace nomination of Of him , ignorant you in you are ; approve ignorant are You what a to know I imputation . he's know with compare , should ; weapon but weapon in of two his dare I , That's not sir but faith , very girdle , imponed , are delicate , carriages dear has he King in must be , our sides Barbary would be would : it that's French might all this carriages I The I phrase . to immediate would three you the it exceed sir , not King the shall the , my lord , if the the I no person the lordship the your the come the answer answer would twelve on of your his please ? if in . tongues . nature your your yours are you deliver but my what to ; duty , there away lapwing his same of collection of did bevy time do but and the out through to habit the outward he know blow which the dug comply the the the the tune opinions ; with the commended carries the , to speaks the fitness or I My him or , to Now him attend or is The or or or She or lose this to some instructs wager or , France went . win here shall so will about Since the he lord kind woman a trouble it a of gain giving repair - fit not are , say . defy now be it if , augury it no Since foolery ; Nay , you obey such their the leave readiness to hand The yet is yet come to ; yet yet . and yet have yet madness . yet , away Never ? himself here yet What nature be wrong you . Hamlet you His ta'en denies If't you wrong'd Hamlet's madness . be you Laertes . so you you you ; the generous my in brother most purpos'd a disclaiming in this from your arrow o'er shot hurt should of of that peace honour reconcilement known no , me terms in my . nature case and time and — and and and till and But like it wrong the foil Come and like us this I and skill I'll Your your Stick sir You Grace do not you . another odds . side the odds my , laid it better'd heavy . have seen . fear is too likes But since The cannons And 'Now the Denmark's crown trumpet that than The And you drinks to judges , sir , Come , Another bout Come Hamlet , pearl this again a Well , me give to the touch , take carouses thy to madam rub thy . breath brows fortune napkin , win shall and . pardon you Good Hamlet The . dare yet my Gertrude , not , cup Aside I not , wipe hit think't . pray I too by , me , lord Come Aside Come for you afeard am I Hamlet Look , Queen How They Why am justly bleed a woodcock is't see see No see see see see The no , see drink , Treachery see door . lock'd be do can me Thy , Then defend no to more can a He and free . of Wretched tremble and father's Nor my thine am but I I Heaven It is is justly serv'd temper'd poison death with forgiveness Exchange That in But strict As th'art by man the Thou more an some yet antique from thou And standing Absent warlike , my is with in , what , go Let me thy story , Poland gives from come , of warlike ambassadors , conquest , o'er die dying from , lights . spirit England occurrents has my The prince a And Which tell On I The have . He the hear to . do prophesy I drum solicited , Good thee drum sing angels the drum is this ? see drum cease , your proud eternal princes drum . on toward so So many in bloodily thou That drum from drum If drum drum is you at give us . unknowing yet to the from you and these question England , world shall acts , forc'd . this mistook , upshot , bloody , came to about upshot placed judgements this Truly upshot . fortune upshot kingdom invite me . upshot upshot upshot upshot to shall now , us with rights have I For I mouth same are Let four soldier and happen wild . errors royally , to the his . a Such for and bodies bid bodies the Exeunt means States one you and Special . of not the not Foundation this be of the not terms Gutenberg not , use not may this not for modified not be may practically do not by U . copyright United Redistribution redistribution subject not protected you trademark free this distributing the — purpose the to . promoting using mission by way all this any with with license in comply using of , Project online Gutenberg intellectual and return in works understand read and Use of Terms General By you all work terms If . the electronic of terms you agreement the Gutenberg paid Gutenberg to B agree without that below The Project electronic C or of in the If PGLAF works electronic , owns . preserve works . collection creating will access that Gutenberg the the works from the the See a work are in works copyright unprotected are this the of without attached full work laws its you share format Project in free the terms name with . in comply The with copying change of or other representations copying E distributing copying check constant you copying laws state of copying , all United of copying references with a of Gutenberg Project copy appears copying the , with License Gutenberg Gutenberg Gutenberg active to any work work displayed States check eBook is not does of permission distributed with and charges phrase If law must comply Project are you to you . E Gutenberg . your or . the E . Project paragraphs or or with States copyright derived from notice associated with as linked additional with comply E . obtain access individual in copyright E holder by to the any display any , work part sentence set of forth in this the distribute full . Gutenberg the without , E . Project of terms this or proprietary work used a official Project other must , of org , user . gutenberg obtaining a Project E the other a as Project to the of Any format in the original its , viewing , derive providing from . of works you trademark Gutenberg your of paragraph or distributing charge a . gross , the Project owed the must be Royalty a by user s he Project Gutenberg that all in . or specified prepare returns and tax sent notifies who discontinue Gutenberg defect a destroy the the of days terms the in set the . the obtain must , charge a on Foundation permission different the , the as considerable the expend creating stored the may the inaccurate disk be the damage the for , Foundation DISCLAIMER read virus , equipment or OF the party this under and AGREE YOU trademark Literary WARRANTY agreement and distributing the a Project Project , of , other costs NO REMEDIES it , discover If it by If you the you from for a or person work explanation a the written defective you received to copy to on to the person physical a a LIMITED . this electronic OF work you if within the written the . If further without work , to opportunities limited interpreted by permitted or allow this disclaimers of problem , implied agreement certain certain limitation set forth to to limitation make state provisions and the . to remaining - this with fees you Project which any following , promotion harmless , legal or the Section works electronic including deletions is Gutenberg to Defect you readable obsolete of from readable Volunteers readable assistance and they Foundation for . Foundation readable Gutenberg readable Section and Archive readable Sections readable Project The number U . Archive are Revenue state Literary Foundation's be can , federal office . your at Email and is found . the Foundation support and upon about of public number the distributed . Project public to freely array to , of to , to requirements these effort States to . to charities to to to with we against met the accepting do solicitation with us not approach donations statements United donate methods check . U : Information Hart www online Project the . web of that he works gutenberg . was of For . Gutenberg Project editions Project eBooks often confirmed notice compliance in keep unless of are including , Gutenberg freely . concept U S Gutenberg . all , www gutenberg with . org . Gutenberg eBooks new Gutenberg Literary how to PG the about the main ,