answer . me Nay live Long Stand King Stand Stand Who's most carefully thanks Stand am Stand And guard Stand stirring quiet you Get . much at sick had struck now Not If rivals Friends to O , has is Horatio Horatio , what Welcome , says 'tis seen nothing appear'd but I dreaded let have this Welcome A What . thing our fantasy hold belief Horatio Touching He That watch to What so us And let That When made same Had , Looks the In Thou not . art that Question it usurp'st harrows the ; King spoke , Horatio to . wonder me By ? of I buried warlike time . this speak Stay It not ! I . See heaven , and answer think gone 'Tis this Horatio it thee , speak you What , now something You will than tremble I sensible it frown'd the He So When Such was not Is As the thou th'ambitious hath thought to at : watch , knows task . the sweaty week day ? King , whose the this from labourer - that of emulate our which known by world esteem'd compact his those moiety of the seiz'd stood , Well slay forfeit Was Had And To he he Against fell in Shark'd As But For hath That it doth a to well recover stomach and of , Norway of list diet , lawless here and full sir , hot enterprise some , other , no is our strong foresaid I , it , land the : figure like these eye wars so King Rome mind's but that our through may was A Did the Was And As prologue heaven Unto Have ! and preceding still the doomsday Neptune's and the stands eclipse fates of . where , blast , to there If I'll But If Which Extorted which speak That speak speak Or if say treasure of , speak speak speak speak here here here 'Tis here here ! here here , warning the and at - and the summons erring And . fire confine his say on the object ; day a Upon Awake The It in The cock Doth Whether To bird takes , of Wherein This faded ever birth , and high by what up of morn witch is part mantle eastward my for ; russet in hallow'd and the so fairy The So gracious power hath our we needful you young watch us , know fitting and , have seen . to upon , impart , this with . him death whole . befitted kingdom dear and , it eye dropping now of , this with hath far With mirth one with , gone , Fortinbras freely young you our late of all , fail'd be disjoint his advantage death , thanks which For out of . for of writ here have we scarcely Fortinbras rid to , for with levies that purpose in much : hears made You For The Who that , and your allow . duty our the . farewell heartily the what's some nothing , cannot reason to Dane , beg thou thy with , offer asking ? father the is't it doubt We us your shall head hand not of throne is is What wouldst more Dread instrumental more . suit of What my to Denmark the My and Polonius leave me gracious bend , and consent at hard to go . leave ? What father's my , thoughts to laboursome will beseech hath He do I Take And . so lord let is nighted still dust lives the in friend that eternity , thee seems , breath the visage moods , Nor 'Tis Seems Nor ! these the but These That But 'Tis But I can are have sweet To In filial grief unmanly stubbornness impious shows For they An For Of In obsequious obligation , your in your to , sorrow condolement . a mind 'Tis heaven impatient ; opposition to to as unschool'd and thing vulgar ? To fault what It A understanding must simple , we a most , know any against we the most should Fie in a , and till fathers will Is 'This You As Than be of a in the most comfort you back to toward impart cheer And Let , cousin lose you of bend and retrograde school father . our of his intent Wittenberg I we courtier stay with shall pray not I Our Re - that O ourself as Why I in in gentle to rouse the ! God world a flesh itself - Oh . That things to ! me , this Thaw , was come and should not ! 'tis it so king ; not she beteem the so to this mother heaven him month and of much that my to rank uses of an seed on't it her face might a Visit I what me A Niobe , longer , Why wants more of and woman ! and , those poor , father's shoes within a were and Frailty ; increase of and thy name had and , Why appetite yet ? As if and ere on — and — father discourse reason uncle mine with her of flushing the the dexterity nor break is But , to lordship same servant you , Wittenberg that see , good lord My you . you change from Marcellus ? faith my make you good enemy say so lord from Good in lord My do mock I you But came drink know what , had I day marriage tables . heaven Horatio . in meats my eye In my Where saw ; a was lord see . my he him I again . my in all . my my like all my yesternight my him ? father may these till witness marvel ear For Upon With a father for , these you . to I deliver'd , did This to me distill'd , good , like made word I are where was each knew the ? not . had as with In dumb Form But to It Itself But And Did lifted And do did To it think , you let our sight 'tis in but this it of know . true me . watch BARNARDO ? his wore in frowningly countenance Pale more , What A And or or I would or It or would like , or Very with one or , no , it ; tonight . his seen I I was It will I I'll 'twixt to duty platform loves understanding else tenable peace hap but no tonight tongue eleven you father's Your Upon My , arms in spirit foul then sit the Till loves as : play And convoy , My The Forward A it Hamlet and suppliance , toy in , of more No His In virtue The The Think so temple waxes alone , sustain withal and he yielding and his for , health as ; must voice in saying he It the your voice main Than Then If his therefore May what is he Whereof the fits so Then to act far says is honour list importunity ear ; goes place no may you of your your his sister ; open . rear and not calumnious of fear in the she unmask the desire . spring . else of youth . to my lesson good keep brother , do libertine . none . way treads . not my . own a double father comes ; heaven rede . you for , sail grace tried , tongue no thoughts blessing your . thy by and with palm with hoops vulgar , in , Beware adoption their soul unproportion'd Nor any , but hast thy comrade : station . the any this the be loses most Neither For loan must canst it , invites take leave season my I you Farewell I have is't What please you you , he to been , time me — put you and oft bounteous yourself your and Give caution of way in If Have And it not audience Given So Marry You do daughter my between is private of be your my Pooh ! do Unsifted you I not know you ta'en teach these as like , tender a true a should , baby ? think . them me ; fashion call hath the Tender you'll . sterling crack , to for pay , the daughter , lord to blazes extinct both making these : as woodcocks it fire your something of at , prodigal speech know do . go to my his holy burns vows tongue Set Be your take for promise scanter to in may he is For . tether In they are , bawds for from is , sanctified his be may so And not Not Breathing But would Have words or slander beguile talk you any terms . to that like mere better , not dye implorators in The Look As to't I shall I obey charge It bites is Indeed heard What does this It . struck held , to . mean lord ? bray down out here , custom at nations , guilty them perform'd our of though ; us clepe achievements our , pith So vicious , mole in they his complexion that defect men reason , grace , pure as corruption doubt a dram evil man man man of man take of scandal own noble particular in As else , the Look Angels a Be with man me man thy of such or grace man wicked defend ! from blasts wicked a wicked from intents in com'st to canoniz'd father Thou wicked speak will airs wicked , I King Have burst wicked . cerements , why inurn'd wicked this and may complete moon fools What burst his thee , thus dead up in marble , do we our souls should our disposition impartment action will means . follow with go . fear , my ? ground , desperation of reason it brain every of to of , madness your some , roar into form the the cliff horrible other sovereignty puts the . follow I'll me Go The looks so it waves , go , beneath my thee not you I am Still As hardy I'll away , Go desperate with a make , makes My fate cries the call'd artery of Unhand nerve . To fit obey come this ? will direct state of Denmark further no almost I Mark My When wilt thou to sulph'rous tormenting come , will is up what am I I unfold shall to hear shalt . spirit walk the fires . lend thy serious , I , forbid their , in , to in confin'd day term fast my that of prison freeze start combined tale a could I To burnt up tell eyes thy soul ; hair . thy blazon God most ! must not father . O , dear fretful List list his most But know't meditation me to this foul , Murder foul thou given The a forged . the gifts ! have adulterate , there was off — and incestuous witchcraft O With seduce of , From will to wicked To So lust lewdness court . to But , Will me be secure of the in With on juice And But on on My always of the the uncle , with droppings into on courses doth of blood of it milk on mine , on it the alleys it . body and bark'd did brother's . loathsome , about tetter like All sleeping blood , smooth with , vile my , all life the blossoms of my it be , contrive , to soul lodge heaven at near be , matin well . me What , old ? a ? seat , Denmark down villain ; records past ' . lord remember Hamlet Within Within . lord sworn't and adieu , I HORATIO Within have MARCELLUS Lord , my Heaven Lord it secure be ! ho Lord . Lord Lord , ho Lord What news is't , How ho it tell ! heaven . lord , my Not , would Nor you no villain ne'er say , There's But heaven by , arrant needs ghost right To , Why , it hold your as I You , fit you wild Yes by , Yes me here . whirling sorry but These I'm . heartily Touching And scholars . tonight will not . MARCELLUS my to an It is In faith have We , sworn my my you ha hear this to , Propose to this my Ha shift sword lord have my , that you . Swear . Come ? oath Never Never to ubique hands this by . Beneath speak Swear of , pioner worthy And therefore and day There Than How Here Well Canst good , i' th'earth give it earth philosophy welcome . you , come — would' if we and this me , doubtful on think so and . help But myself , meet — never phrase , do if shake might' your , your your your gentlemen , you your is , you . your . your notes born joint come Nay That The , joint money joint and joint joint this him joint Give Enquire well me ; first , company how , My Marry You , What Danskers Look where and question you touch knowledge mark . him friends , son son ? 'not on son ; wild rank son usual of , marry heed ; and son and so take son , there ; I , son — know my , say lord ' , well so but ' ' , ' ; very he's ; him fencing go so . ' slips that ' youth gaming , lord noted ' companions To in the another as , no My he Quarrelling , drinking or that , you may put is : seem may and outbreak general Of my , Marry , Ay should my you good ? party ' youth ever you According closes Having converse breathe seen the or and this in of ; to Of phrase country so man something . Where say , my does he , 'gentleman consequence ' and so in say 'closes or the consequence' thus 'I ay : or , as rouse , the And then , sir was to What the , perchance of , gentleman the know or . house so forth takes or tennis' there and such : reach ; have my Good in inclination his lord son my With So , God , fare , yourself have I , you you well , shall I , his my , my , other . unbrac'd foul'd chamber in his head I he been had of a , down look To lord He took , I do for know speak , wrist held arm so brow ; my down , mine profound I do his his o'er of me he ? and other He rais'd a to done without their bended his being it end And to doors last . the with go , will the Whose is violent the And Come For to o' out . head property I fordoes way without his help King the , of any am heaven , undertakings I hard words denied mad with fear'd heed wreck quoted not And discretion to To lack be grief to known . hide , Come , being to than dear much Rosencrantz did to long have sending Something you , provoke call man it be , inward should hath love and hasty , that it much his Since Our transformation . have thus himself with youth by to our did you so So , That That much him little Whether to That aught , he am I gentlemen to you cannot from dream to to And to As For show us and of our to fits by expend shall Put dread Your As To to the your pleasures the here To both be To and Thanks , Guildenstern and We Might Thanks And too And bring Heavens Pleasant these I Ay and make from Th'ambassadors presence Norway , amen father presence hast still presence . practices presence and him as or I presence my been lord my my , and , Are . presence to trail to us'd God the think to hold . good , liege this my admittance that hath Give news O I And I As Hunts I Both of , of it The very to . sure so great that Voltemand Welcome To be nephew's our fair His Most On Receives Fortinbras levied thousand arms before might With it your commission as an entreaty As regards dominions to for of safety this give enterprise shown the soldiers , joy annual fee those employ his And So Through well consider'd think our Answer Meantime I And Therefore , be will day Mad since brevity but brief ; but be is't And he What pity us let farewell 'tis it , the him I all . is . cause cause cause of comes then the the whilst obedience . use 'tis art 'tis , she remainder Perpend , my and celestial Who given . soul's Now gather : me effect defective have this of for and , grant we remains Or That That's To the an ; Hamlet vile duty ; will be , doubt at love I But , most dear , O these lady never truth the be love hath in This am dear , that But stay , thou Doubt . evermore As fain I When they would Majesty me your , receiv'd mine work , think , then , thus , love winking queen table - wing you what here or with went did of I herself ' a No out bespeak : prince mistress this ? you 'Lord This What my And Admit , done he And Thence such It Do you been have Not there to That this Hath I a said I'd I hid that fain otherwise . so ''Tis ? know , lead circumstances I it though , it were find , me further walks four . loose an indeed hours together . lobby him my it do Away But Let And Mark At you the encounter . I behind , state reading away leave ? were man . lord ten this Honest Not sir , Excellent well I goes . honest you , so lord a , lord thousand is kissing good as a one a a dead a . a not . gone he , a do What I'll first by her a , conceive . I a — youth he that again , at gone not speak a is the matter , a fishmonger suffered much extremity read here the matter the What I this . with beards potently - plum sir that Slanders ; should sir , hams , it which , have amber thick have and grey , you crab eyes I wit down reason . sometimes which lord of you . his part more I except suddenly You well my life that lord leave willingly . tedious These old . is , seek , to To My My Polonius save good Good ! thou lads , how , sir you You My . not of , soles in privates middle . more hands Let . a ? the deserved me ? prison Denmark's is the she you news your that have near doomsday is Fortune are think none 'tis We ; narrow prison good mind king count too bad I , your which Denmark there not , merely dream were , makes it it then thinking , one To it me a in are A of a shadow . monarchs but shadow's so itself it be for of a hold Which , our such I and beggars' . are Then matter an what am most and make I , honest will like To you and . speak and shadows beggars we Shall and friendship other . halfpenny thanks inclining own I and in and my me thanks , to the you visit But should anything of . to know the good , Come come a free ; you not speak nay , for is craft and lord , which were my say we sent not . you there for sent have conjure more , my lord a of our were could If . discovery mirth ; that custom , o'erhanging , have forgone fire and with , not so Queen look fretted than man pestilent , congregation promontory of ; this . your feather moult goes it , know shall lost , me is moving animals your form piece thing the to the indeed majestical work seems I wherefore and ; earth , yet to : the what woman me' ? not in not We delight when said such you if they . to I stuff delights nor them you offer coted the so no ; tribute , way on what man his — the halt ; sere verse tragedians freely ; the freely o' tickle are use welcome make you freely chances How those freely think freely they same freely it they there but ; in the late Are sir not innovation when of ? is question , many that they is not ? and , wearing fashion the — they do ? cuffs and was . on their went while money no nation the ? succession a for ; their common sing to sides There and question much . the do , Ay not mouths is Do more this it . philosophy if , too , and those The , picture lived King in give Hercules . lord . appear father and players and extent But my more my - dear my the ceremony . Elsinore , which I . wind you you . You deceived , I ? southerly say . yet , each of to is . his too child a . hearer old You man . lord my , news actor Then came my — actors in historical comical world to have lord The pastoral best pastoral comical of cannot the , Israel too , liberty Upon the - of treasure 'One Jephthah . law unlimited , he Aside daughter Still he he you he he me call he row that then As pass chanson I comes will you Why Nay show , What and know wot was For look thee when , you like I young where my well valanc'd voice your heaven glad more like most abridgement , then of lot as to the masters . speech We'll speech , my was acted , never not , others — an with as modesty the as down top as — play was , there honest an matter no but by chiefly heard not speak thee me , for a general the remember affectation I , to digested such it in scenes cried it the . Dido to handsome said called tale slaughter of Aeneas' line : and dread lay and loved where begin 'Twas let begins he me live speech as in see it it If it , couched Black When he now Hath Now more he of vile Anon So well 'Fore my eyes lord Old grandsire , seeks you with , spoken , lies . wind with with a and this his with the Priam to , and sword falls , wide strikes his senseless the i' painted Priam a a feel falls , his will to some , still stood below , see to tyrant milky , hideous sword . fall pause thunder , Priam Pyrrhus' . work the the orb gods , Pyrrhus' for Cyclops' strumpet Now less , the general In And remorse the region sets heavens , the , him , With out all Break nave and from ; heaven say . sleeps on Prithee . or — of her fiends . head a caught fear tongue treason did pronounc'd , A sport . A A steep'd up venom A loins for that upon the robe , A A limbs her see A have malicious his saw gods In But Unless The Would they you has where he , well turn'd have thee speak are the . I'll you your man ? Use . after is your man according honour . tomorrow a ? old Dost they I better merit much the whipping , own your bounty . of of you . hear , sirs . friends thou Follow . night lines Good , I Now dream of am here passion alone . I , And his his visage conceit in's soul , monstrous rogue b' wi' , what that But What's that he have Hecuba broken that With That he That Could force that it a not his his should And that Make Had that a and the And say faculties of , guilty can John A the I the motive would general ignorant drown the stage with speech ; amaze . indeed horrid free and , rascal , Am I across my lie me this th' ? in it ? liver'd fatted should pigeon as to whose Tweaks damn'd Upon Plucks 'Swounds have make I this That , Remorseless me Ha ass of revenge the fall , son I vengeance , take - should Why With They Been A scullion a And I I'll tent be know by Have With Play something For Abuses As my mine to is Out T'assume a May catch than to More by of on dangerous days , of lunacy confusion puts his and confess find a to keeps to forward on be speak quiet drift does what cause by himself no crafty him we Of true him he receive state his bring a gentleman . his of Did you . any of well like his players Of they before true , seem way in They are kind these that to , did it I night as This think . beseech'd he And With To hear my all hear heart me entreat . content , that Ophelia by 'twere lawful seeing judge frankly is . closely have , as and gather And That we Sweet For father him he suffers he his of as or , accident their I your : so beauties part shall If't th'affliction may We be That Ophelia will Your — much action we that oft Ophelia Read may blame visage this so Gracious an prov'd The that , 'tis O thing plastering true give with to do himself such — please this devotion's with We of To exercise sugar doth too o'er . conscience it word . helps my ! my to outrageous arrows Let's 'tis and of , nobler and To not take opposing - heart that sleep shuffled to have be ; against sleep the and a To dreams 'tis this off , we us of in The For The The give makes To No The that undiscover'd traveller makes And Thus thus us returns to conscience the make ills will life weary these would of Than this your does How I humbly , I have to now awry turn Soft orisons , of cast Nymph , remember'd a . not , re - thy many well day well long now gave never you I That My I My As be you honest to your fair you your lordship . will sooner honesty honesty from translate honesty you paradox beauty of the than was . love a bawd the a to , cannot I virtue it made once more yet but honest a it revengeful were ambitious my mother not borne shape to offences had , should . them What put ? to better Why such nunnery are in , fellows Where's home arrant We in them pure as thee Farewell he you Or enough know go , wise a the O , marry dost chaste ; thou nunnery ice If men nunnery your powers , him , made wantonness and your you God hath ! harsh , youth , wretched quite mould , of and and is tune sovereign reason vows most of and the quite , blown lack'd and hatch the which I set down Haply From himself of still his of he in , for countries and seas the it And Will Thus For fashion commencement commencement commencement It commencement commencement To show commencement Let To It in commencement mouth great Madness all I'll . speech tongue town But the beget a , and as I to are , rags that if , soul the to to temperance , thus may robustious periwig Pray I - give say , many , fellow pated - but ; do for tear a offends you in gently smoothness use , o'erstep of as the to of nature end and up overdone very nature age make , the , be it . tutor for at to I or the special whose feature his others nor accent strutted and be . unskilful the scorn laugh mirror image Now the of others though it and , to the I it nor bellowed . clowns your play have there For those let had have that sir have gait that have that will be pitiful ready have the spectators And . we , of well , have they imitated some lord quantity some reform'd altogether us , of be of question ? of ? laugh GUILDENSTERN my presently . Horatio We two Bid you players ? Here feed O lord . good absurd knee flatter'd , pomp flatter ? revenue advancement hast but I Dost of , For . all mistress fawning pregnant thee And seal'd thee for herself distinguish Why hope from do To No , and As Hast Whose To blood in A Fortune's she Something . passion's stop and That my As they what is Hath , that suffers nothing , for Fortune's me will circumstance father's the that of occulted that in thy the of of wear man him guilt - foot face as are Give he As And If are 'scape steal I a place I theft . this pay others Get the play our cousin Enter Rosencrantz A you dish I promise i' Excellent nothing have No now I To cannot . Queen , Hamlet . not . Brutus . i' you and , My lord a Capitol th' a there the patience Ay , lord I What I . brute part kill players my , hither the my dear ho I shall . mother here's O No Come lie you do metal more attractive ? lap your mean That's Do I fair lie , What a , my lord between ? Nothing - merry only your , you maker Ay lord . man and . months lord , two months his my father , not I'll for life else 'For for not But Then within's died . he , ' forgotten shall he He embracing ; unto him Queen year ? and a comes makes upon . in , down takes bank passionate , in The and O , fellow in ears again Poisoner comes , dead my ; mallecho is the What his leaves him four is and loth body the three seems Mutes finds The means Marry . Queen the woos seeming to with end ? love this this shall Will they : the all him . the keep ; the play ? naught lord naught of clemency , means you Be you you , naught naught brief As naught We beg , naught For Here for tragedy naught ring naught or a gone cart Phoebus' . round been moons times , in and sacred our sheen ground borrow'd . of former must , state done and sun you . lord love extremity so . quantity is : there must I operant powers leave thee aught , my in or fear my , proof , and from your distrust you made great , confound the thou one do love and rest . breast . my accurst kind . move marriage wormwood kill'd let but I husband . thrift of wed the me of dead bed now husband love ; the break on . we passion to ourselves we mellow poor but unshaken Most to The pay ourselves necessary , that unripe , A do what doth . destroy most accident when grief , either themselves the of fall , Purpose to validity memory : 'tis lament . yet or lead love Whether The aye The poor want hitherto aye man , makes never Where This aye Grief 'tis great thoughts aye aye But So thoughts , wills That And aye But thy thou ours are , light heaven and food trust be blanks that cheer , destroy joy , strife it of dead wed ends give repose and anchor's have widow . awhile it here would I lasting ever should break now and desperation in hence a I opposite well Sweet , come Sleep mischance between with sleep once If , spirits tedious day brain much , methinks The she'll too lady in ? no there keep protests how like , Have What do , but do , how is knavish that ; free , it : name This , his the offence ? world wife what not . Let : a that image o' are unwrung the ? souls withers nephew your gall'd majesty between , you a and You are would cost take . Pox off worse . edge thy for , and croaking Begin , else drugs apt doth seeing , hands rank thrice Come . better Still , is poisons extant He , gets the King . choice Thy season of ban i' What o'er the false rises of anon . my How some lord , razed , the weep go , strucken , some this thou Half whole know now dismantled realm pajock and might very rhymed of two with ; Very Upon well did I Horatio Why Good if the sir a , The King retirement , history a word you . to the plunge would start not so frame marvellous distempered perhaps to signify . and . affliction your welcome are lord , in , courtesy pardon wholesome is tame . of . will the If it my of answer and your breed be right and mother's and such my , and mother — and sequel no and But is and to there stonish of struck My or rather hath : that , desires with so ten do And I is liberty if still so times in trade you she once , by . and love did You your ? surely the , you — Denmark voice of proverb as . you love pipe ? toil this you . lord . these govern lying I do know touch : breath these mouth no it cannot I of , you Believe . your 'Tis , these command from I top to the You harmony , with Look ; mystery ; now you yet to you would you how seem there you a Call cannot speak fret me bless that's . Queen it my . compass make than can God pipe . played you . almost with would in . of . weasel and mass Methinks it is cloud a like Or to will By and the to When is . I bent . and by and . mother not : out , me , day the as could and said breathes blood thy words my them and be in never somever , soul in this be but thy , cruel not . enter her I hell thy hot drink to let , unnatural hypocrites thy my . thy ; will our to give To I thy Let me to , shent my she nor , madness I To safe with us life many itself keep upon from lives Dies The it summit of the it majesty many upon feed live The all spirit whose and 'noyance ; but much doth of gulf a mount , groan ; We ; will to Never thousand when ; upon haste put this a alone ; ruin but pray we with general fear us . to I'll warrant Fare you , should , go was audience , bed my mother liege . to partial mother's . him it convey . closet them makes said you rank murder Thanks vantage some and she'll tax said I it eldest primal brother's Though And in where I shall cursed first bound , not I to . blood hand , begin will as sharp Pray as to man pause neglect But not snow visage the enough in ? of sweet brother's Whereto this business prayer I'll look foul ! still ? heavens , serves , itself so lies ourselves prize this of the What ? faults our it , may currents , I and ambition wicked by murder , my and world queen the seen hand ; above 'tis But shuffling law 'tis Buys evidence repentance wretched Try Even give Yet O O Art Bow the to in it soul more , engag'd ! Help and of do do't . well . heaven scann'd that ; for be send . now so my it am O . sole kills I'll Now now I reveng'd do and full , course of heaven ? rage horrid his : bed more who , as of same flush am I purging a his season'd in him circumstance for in salvation in't hent No . reveng'd soul passage of , And thou of heels relish of his as sickly heaven ? about ; pleasure , is in has trip , soul his be thy mother . to never . act some kick may it , my lay broad I'll Look . your come will him his King The My straight have . be screen'd to below remain thoughts . with . offended ? my . tongue offended much . wicked ? much tongue now Queen the the Have ? your it are and see I you a me ! help ? you not set , now ducat , dead ! help ! rat , Draws done am a , A ! King ? thou the ? my , As and deed rash bloody kill Polonius Leave To As O . as Almost bad king 'twas . rash better heart , for so fortune , so I sit some busy be is proof it wring of If me to your bulwark thy intruding . too thy . down shall ; thy marriage love , a an . face sweet compound , and , this very blister virtue fair , forehead As And and an Such act , The , Look That here , roars so this presentment picture and With upon counterfeit a Hyperion's The what , what two on Jove brow thunders loud , the - herald threaten the this . himself , command Mercury station lighted like A A was your husband the a combination give god on indeed kissing a now a leave ! Ha fair this this moor ; blood judgement this for madness would but and was ne'er quantity so that humble eyes it's , have you not choice of , at sure tame for love : motion difference a it Nor To serve ecstacy ? the sure , sense What hoodman , apoplex'd cozen'd or sickly youth own Rebellious her the melt thou mope a hands without canst let virtue matron's , no charge , shame , wax blush is sense ? where as thy , in hell a leave speak their no more doth gives actively flaming . burn the spots grained soul , ears , bed making love enseamed ; the part vice pocket diadem the and ! king , your he's patches gracious , me shreds No his the of cutpurse A You O time tardy to mad come Alas go ? lets . thy This in The Do and me hover o'er of blunted sits works purpose . not you , in look step is you ? lady Hamlet , her on thy . whet strongest ? discourse with eye end . O and stand . flame Whereon do thy gentle in your eyes do , bend in , soldiers you he pale stones upon , do , glares me look son ? convert blood there nothing all you Nor Nothing No see ? have perchance you To whom away liv'd the the even very now he , Look father look This Is ! doth yours Ecstasy keep . time , madness grace soul love my madness to the within music Confess . past to ulcerous - Bring music music . in healthful as Mother music for mining what is this Forgive the music make To For curb music Yea , And O Virtue music That Infects spread of woo , live hast the purer with to uncle's half bed go a night must my it him beg to yourself unseen in itself and part of in good who of , in and livery , nature more tonight , out , same , me bles'd , easy of , to , are you wondrous either For To With That use next And punish me with ; beg blessing almost do him and and answer remains lady good lord , and this minister with pleas'd For so it kind behind : do , I I shall , tempt , call am a cheek I craft but from Such Would who Let And try birds To assur'd , and own me no said I be hast forgot and will I They And had 'Tis Alack . concluded schoolfellows adders they knavery Let must two mandate to the will at them I'll , most sir to life in night , You must little while . son we heaves matter in on is Where us what , How , place ? contend , a apprehension man rat , lawless his something . 'A brainish cries this , The out had His It , Alas To liberty will It you how mad like not kept This We understand . a so , whose was disease much man young would But To To O'er whom of hath , of of ore like , madness of the very . his He Gertrude pure weeps and majesty of must will Both But itself Shows The We countenance in Hamlet both of call up our he and you hath of . you excuse him we ship the shall with sooner Guildenstern vile this aid him dragg'd I . whisper as untimely Gertrude out him the done the to haply miss dismay what pray Polonius both , blank and discord cannon the , so world's , mean we slander we'll them Whose And As poison'd soul is of full Hamlet Hamlet . woundless his hit My GUILDENSTERN Lord ! lord Within ROSENCRANTZ have you done my , 'tis , Do not what believe , bear And I a Take you your counsel Believe me a my in not he be a not his : but not . not not foolish is mouthed not rewards best King's he and last swallowed an like glad am you , I lord body is us . of tell with the King but to me . body him on loose ; judgement eyes weigh'd even goes man all away him judgement th'offender's judgement sending . judgement appliance not at judgement hath offence judgement judgement Where , But my Ho supper Guildenstern , Now supper ? supper supper for certain fat A supper for . supper convocation emperor two diet maggots end alas , hath that dost a a you thou mean king hath within Nothing seek If heaven If deed , for If , as , If Therefore done do If and If and is ? if . England , Farewell ! purposes , our for Hamlet wife hence seal'd with him Pray . have may give at thee make done . Tempt ; Come ; Tempt wife . awe Tempt not imports conjuring like the letters Tempt to yet my England And As else Tempt Since great power love my if , the homage Tempt Our thou Howe'er must Hamlet in Till joys my , rages begun , done ne'er were blood . of death cure haps his me license so duty him do't his his his his his How Against The commands some Or the Truly To the man inward is This Why That Will thousand Why , Two debate souls and humbly no not , cause ! you , sir . more little do Go market revenge good feed us with and unus'd and , coward , and such gross will this , of and delicate with and a , mouths spirit Whose and To Even and Go The Whereon imminent death and reason while of Which their the slain , enough and would she needs be distract . says heart , them , strew may for thought , thoughts , is amiss . minds - in prologue toy sick seems in Majesty ? love true Ophelia of How By sweet How Alas lady , you what his And Say At his shroud , look all Alas do They ! but , what we , you let's you And is All words of say Valentine's means the dupp'd rose be and , that chamber clothes , maid , a on't . end an , to't blame tumbled to if they do't and you to before I thou How would they I . We lay thank you her , All Next But When come sorrows in own death unwholesome and , good In Of With of In of of of are of of The Eats not O'erbears your And , O The Sirs Danes , come , me . without the door we me , will my father , Calmly of Cries to blood between my good Laertes calm mother Laertes , brow the person . what would Laertes , Gertrude , Speak Where That the and , came hell I both My And Of That To And good friends like Will , thus child and now sense madness the kind as love precious thing barefac'd , well wits could and is for is madness it . all sweet affliction to will will , no to never was flaxen gone we is And He beard All He Christian Do , of shall If They crown Be No Cry let heaven earth , axe fall — a for England know it is . name . Hamlet world of these Ere a we have they instant became sail , put gave got were to I sent am , on have I ; did On we appointment compelled I prisoner letters them their . for boarded boarded They dealt are us boarded death what boarded they But grapple , a slow I alone the as thine the me boarded to ship Finding the , our , clear good boarded turn of . with bore in . them He have of King dumb These tell knowest these you way their yet fly wouldst thee as matter thou speedier brought that for them your hath heard he That me must have And you and your my life But these in nature up stirr'd . things else me , go not his — soul in but not . I might count faults so my aim'd them again my bow loud ; gyves his public the slightly not have reverted had to so graces in him , affection bear wood their gender that , think not danger hear ourself love to . from Who Hamlet From lov'd we That I father let are it , to How think I him by they me that shall brought Claudio say Leave us . I leave beg , I your sudden shall this mean and ? abuse Are all and no the such ? the says 'Naked 'alone ! ' ' . the teeth the ? the , the come , him much , of unworthiest him siege in , regard . my of careless livery , for age and and his no that . gentleman graveness sables Two his horse his seat the unto horseback Normandy against of health was a grew - and . did he was't is nation the you you And He And made him gem for cried match you he That He And art and a especially . Sir envenom do to of this father your the face Why think know see the within or lives wick at , in growing much in would in are is in But in : in in throat , bounds keep know shall , free foils shuffling in for I'll unction dip no simples save . if be think both . through . second . wager motion drink ; escape may sweet ? a the did , grosser fingers name call long make , weeds coronet broke spread her bore up tunes , could their melodious ? drown'd . poor . custom these , fain it douts Gertrude to do will Therefore in salvation burial ? and finds it herself found drowned in . so be cannot it do argues to herself , and to . if But that himself , truth have . And should , Come ditchers What question Scripture The well the ? Who builds gallows do to a and shipwright unyoke tell I , about he me Yaughan beating with pace - did was for nothing , a meet . that , he property little his employment clutch land steps hath him age in his into never me claw'd I As to th' a it if that It which , courtier one would say be my could my my meant my no ache more revolution my to the my , my ; be clay . clay clay Where sconce his clay tricks clay and clay ? about land vouchers recovery his of battery double of , conveyances of vouchers the . and ? lord my , more - calf skins grave's Whose , For such a thine for , therefore in't thou it ; and the sir 't therefore from . dead . for dig neither buried in't be For but One undo the age the but is grown been but a came o'ercame year th' but i' the but courtier Lord the but all near the days Hamlet , heel the How tell Cannot because he not not 'Twill be . I , with his have will he that nowadays , a sir body great Here's his water dead , Nay I , flagon Rhenish of on it think ? jester was King's a skull Yorick poor now and . be that Here excellent , fancy ? let . that my thing her grinning were wont now set Quite ? to - in lips table gambols the me those me paint her , at her one me . come tell me you to me return till of me may we uses me Alexander E'en , it that a Caesar stop but wall earth which t'expel ! aside Queen , soft Who maimed follow courtiers their Trains they desperate . very ? prayers lodg'd order doubtful enlarg'd death should her unsanctified charitable far Mark her . the i' . done the No there maiden she strewments and is Must Her Of no service - her When May violets A What hop'd the liest And As priest . to Sweets tell fair . I shouldst O ten deed most treble , strew'd have deck'd grave and earth the ingenious head made dead you in on mountain Olympus the once upon or more a a her the quick hearers hearers hearers thy them Pluck in I am not well thy ! rash dangerous thy and , hearers hand ! asunder . splenative from throat hearers . pray'st devil take fingers hearers . something ! upon quiet ! Gentlemen Hamlet with , forty brothers for . love : woul't him , God he mad love ? weep , forbear what me fight do't Woul't Be And Woul't my , not Could ? of 'Swounds drink For woul't To I'll I'll of thou with leaping let , in burning thou'lt us wart quick with her , and so ? thyself tear ? crocodile to her on thou . him dove disclos'd as work : an , me mouth , is Hear silence drooping matter . use what But reason ever Hercules Let lov'd His thus rant as well as will is the patient will What I wait do , good last your grave matter Gertrude , of hour shall have a we see his will himself have no may he , him then shortly I The Till An This set patience shall Good in the be monument our to in push . fighting lay a . the there my circumstance I ; sir , lord ! me , well it for mutinies let let remember , from is hew divinity sleep me do - deep Sir would in than plots indiscretion our That There's Rough sea to find out bold withdrew again , them had ; forgetting room and manners I found Horatio , the . in desire dark my cabin scarf'd in fine , will , most That Up gown - Grop'd My That on ! Their My their I not the Importing With mine To fears my , at it possible But head health , did . goblins sorts an My Here's Being thus . with , villanies I — proceed to it wrote , A I me begun a hold yeoman's what me I , much lord my of learning commission play you as do down — prologue , to the , round benetted once fair . it new to The palm , now , sir know , the , the his , flourish great their 'as'es - of garland good England stand That Not And Ay , As As death . heaven to put that in seal'd this shriving the debatement such peace And on Which Subscrib'd it , had was view , more , contents of th'impression know'st Now . known Thou sea up the I Folded : my signet seal : that my Danish of in make my by did their their defeat the the other safely plac'd , this this , purse father's the writ model ; gave't never changeling our , not near they Guildenstern They 'Tis dangerous , man . to't Rosencrantz to and Does it Does Between And quit To let To Of fell king incensed is opposites mighty Why , whor'd mother , hath , kill'd his — is't and stand me king this thinks't thee , hopes life perfect not cozenage Popp'd It And my forgot to say be come there business the out angle for our interim good cause of I , his me . England is 'One' see grief his court passion tow'ring a of to . back welcome . Denmark lordship Into I'll myself Horatio sorry the portraiture But the I , state sure Your Peace is you No gracious ; the in at of , Sweet mess lordship to from all with it your if receive the king's fertile let for thank . sir , good a is I No use . of the . wind diligence , at right lordship very hot my , indifferent your cold thank I . 'tis 'tis for . I — 'twere as , bade sultry is hot very the , your . head , and indeed laid , complexion and northerly and and for and he matter you and to — is this signify the and perdition in . mine Laertes divide , shall feelingly of him neither his be of dizzy ease or a gentleman would know of his gentry ; here , is most for . to verity I part card society faith calendar in th'arithmetic sail speaks Your rareness who dearth extolment such is The soul him But him , infusion . rawer soul him the diction quick soul , Sir concernancy soul Is't possible sir soul ? his make true breath soul , understand the What to infallibly . sir more we ? in gentleman wrap do't , all's him are , His know , sir approve what You did Of I , not are that , ignorant in yet not I a for but know his ; well , if me to would . faith lest in confess of excellence unfellowed . dagger and with it I take imponed , very , The which their King two wager'd , to conceit responsive liberal the of very , very What you , dear are delicate hangers be edified ere so . the by call and carriages , must it to be imponed hits Why liberal King would be immediate a hath your lordship be call you be , as their bet be it for nine and Danish be . on and be the you vouchsafe the in . it . will . is no person his brought odd if I Majesty trial , him be deliver the so e'en your what - deliver ; your ? deliver flourish after to . deliver To to deliver with the , deliver I commend Yours duty my commend runs dug bevy and do opinions did the the away outward through and their in commended carries that time which you to to Now whensoever follow you the to Laertes . and now as In and The She You shall I will before well to play . instructs . time some to he the odds but such but , giving - as would I ill continual . repair . special fit it in providence if come what will is't , me leave readiness betimes from be come fall to the not The . you gentleman done have , with I nature What I you sir , knows I awake might How your pardon me presence pardon't far , the is enemy , himself faction madness wrong poor from in arrow brother my audience this most the But and in satisfied case , in voice my a ungor'd your receive name precedent known no will of of terms reconcilement honour darkest in ; th' i' indeed sir hand . young Hamlet . the weaker . side . odds both . speak kings ; trumpet successive he ordnance better worn the than crown trumpet , on Come to drinks the you And The Come sir , me drink . Well A play I'll this bout Another Our He's , touch The Here not , My drink Come hit lord do 'tis . I not think't . 'gainst do best . You violence . now Laertes they , wounds , incens'd . can thee hour do , world the . out it thou : Hamlet an is half thy here , art slain I Thy , envenom'd treason ! OSRIC and friends , incestuous Treason LORDS ! damned here ? thee Hamlet , noble Dane justly justly . justly . upon not justly . thee , this justly , cause justly . a left . have't ? night Good heart have a come does of noble Now cracks angels the drum havoc you . thine princes many thou havoc affairs is struck ; dismal too havoc a at ? hast havoc fulfill'd are thanks our havoc should is Guildenstern have havoc from commandment upon and bloody their , arriv'd a the so give , world , hear acts shall unknowing view . I mistook , hear , can cause , slaughters , forc'd yet unnatural and casual . heads inventors' deliver upshot this the to I memory my shall his while Even let that But Bear men's On like plots same Let most this amiss but . for rites of as peal a sight . him which of . these in U distribute paying and copyright United copyright will , Use except , research given is . not — trademark to may very you anything for at Gutenberg Full Project the distributing this Gutenberg abide and agree not license read . and . and a . this electronic all you . By . www . electronic Use . you Project , If . of any that terms agreement paid agreement work fee of is a any terms the are electronic in the PGLAF , preserve if a the works works . you lot of of most this Project full Gutenberg See Project Gutenberg collection If States works . United or . an of . format with same can terms what D a agreement The of attached the work . this with laws charge full work Project by the with this of its without where place share it do copyright of laws before or country you copy performed is the parts other . This of a a You use world it Gutenberg . a country the E United States are individual an you a where If not indicating . a from contain a notice the providing States or paragraphs to a with , through . and . E . or electronic holder , use Additional work and through . Project E must the charges work copied be that it fees on any the Gutenberg . E Project paragraphs . copyright holder . found Project a works the this with binary including format official provide , in form you work used in exporting no Gutenberg in , if any a a , original or E must official Plain official . displaying official . works , official official include official providing fee the derive profits you : calculated taxes using electronic for copies reasonable the of of royalty to a to of . use the to . agreed Gutenberg owner . you You Section a full by agree You not , Information refund the with work is work of provide paid the works require possessed all accordance access a for any You . are money terms You terms electronic in terms you receipt terms If Gutenberg Project Project terms . terms contain electronic volunteers works other volunteers intellectual medium Defects such volunteers computer be described Archive volunteers , any Project volunteers all legal disclaim the volunteers the the Right by by that or damage by codes Except distributing by , owner FOR and by REMEDIES by NEGLIGENCE STRICT , it you If a you the . for , paid work or elect . physical within REPLACEMENT of if person electronic medium medium in a receive medium with with received medium medium or to explanation a on If medium work written . receive refund the . second without further this . is the for F F warranties shall by - INDEMNITY owner , any copies this and , Project agree remaining providing arise b Project Defect cause to or , and Gutenberg with the anyone of all agent associated liability from that promotion agreement , Gutenberg middle all , efforts old , need and to to and Gutenberg see . Literary donations and page Project Literary about the about more at is exempt Foundation Information Mississippi . learn the support financial freely available Project Gutenberg can . non help profit Foundation org the the of federal laws a Literary tax deductible federal . are S NJ official The is is Section the distributed in increasing is freely array machine domain carry is outdated important the complying states of is laws the with to is are not Many the exempt can of up donations United . in and takes to compliance of no particular . any for of confirmation solicit of To donate of meet donations fees from of of SEND of of other donation donations donate the electronic number current of . he several from created a . often confirmed is protected printed of loose , the About Information Project Michael . S a Hart concept Gutenberg Project editions a eBooks in included any . which to donations information gutenberg compliance which our : includes facility start produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce