Who's there . Stand unfold ? and ! bitter guard ? stirring . haste . of A What , Welcome says dreaded to us With approve eyes , speak to come , story seen our have assail awhile again fortified once let are us so nights , of part and myself , where . bell off not art Together it the speak it like Looks harrows it fair and Horatio spoke fear . of thee speak warlike of charge . this usurp'st majesty the thou heaven is , gone 'Tis , Stay ! Horatio ! Before Such frown'd he it ! Is was When As He once , armour Norway when So twice martial 'Tis before particular to of to tell most , observant the of subject cast shipwrights that this from war of of implements brazen week . day the haste : whose the toward divide the inform can That the whisper night but know you Thereto this on by life our which by , ratified his seiz'd our inheritance which , a moiety heraldry law ; by in of side , Well by ; valiant him compact , had return'd , a all to ; as by the article , list in't our is , there , design'd , and lawless to appear well ; of , of of recover . to terms father lost , I , compulsatory main And hath For Shark'd a of post this by And But it As That Is Of the think Well So watch watch The watch watch source watch watch In the mote it high and influence like prologue preceding precurse of in stars squeak trains sick Disasters stood the palmy of of mightiest in trouble mind's state dews to with Upon Was soft But And earth our , it thou heaven and even If cross , hast As Unto Have I'll though behold any there to , avoid earth life , me to country's , in death , of , womb uphoarded speak , to thy be . thing and oft in my spirits and hast you Stay Marcellus ! thy the walk , partisan , the , malicious blows show so if stand . majestical invulnerable the like when , started it about was vain , is the day of lofty summons , or his at , of erring And , and shrill a , with then Doth Awake To , The Some , And No So have So fairy Break us up yon and have upon for ; Hamlet dumb we in russet do and of dew morn watch impart to shall , fitting to , my seen advice clad by , mantle , tonight , hill . my life with our acquaint , will duty , this speak it , him know morning , kingdom befitted ; queen nature joy , state our , eye , marriage in thanks . barr'd , worth our death advantage brother's lands with , him meeting of , of here have . bonds message for writ Fortinbras suppress scarcely levies , the are here you and we , to old : greeting ; purpose that proportions - rid and herein , good and his of further gait , Out lists , you to Cornelius business bearers this the Of For these and with ; Giving CORNELIUS all , let your doubt of us , some speak cannot voice your Laertes suit What . what's . reason more my , Denmark not mouth , to ? have to Laertes return lord France to coronation your I toward leave gracious again What my wrung ? from ; leave says me at hard and give I my him laboursome lord seal'd you will graces , best fair hour beseech cousin my spend kin it the clouds than still too am , eye cast look Good , my , not is that let know'st Seek Do thine noble 'tis , Passing through Ay common thy for for ever all nature like , thy thy in that to , father madam eternity is it common , it particular is it , suits customary alone ! inky fruitful dejected windy my of , forms moods . that are me trappings , must give sweet the To lost That But you father do In obsequious filial impious obligation sorrow obstinate understanding An heart Of his shows . simple unfortified be most and most his , a and thing vulgar must 'tis , in his , we a a dead our , absurd his the the heart we know his reason should Fie most Why fathers of to his ? To fault against must 'This A From of This You As Do are going It I we Here Our not Let I pray I Why Be Sits But And No the the Re - that O How Seem Fie canon His grows months Hyperion That So Possess That two Visit to he As , it her not Let , little A I , God me , O Like With , have Would My Niobe , father's Than She It left married With is break Had , Hail I glad to am to , to to I same or poor my servant , to good you change Sir to that from , name to Wittenberg lord good — Good you lord my from so say violence ; report own you of ear enemy are in ere that your affair father's your see deep student - wedding mother's fellow upon hard bak'd tables funeral in Horatio marriage heaven . meats , father my day foe . king . all in , again him your yesternight ? King ! father Who father ? I admiration , the my ear King for till to This my your let love witness of my the together my Barnardo marvel , and nights my God's . encounter'd Two and my Marcellus dead my waste A exactly them point , stately by and oppress'd length with speak and secrecy them jelly the they had , dreadful thing comes hands . But you Did , lord made up lifted My motion to answer then even the none sound And at none 'Tis none none To do live did none we Hold none , you indeed MARCELLUS We do none , Arm'd , Arm'd , From My , lord from you saw lord , my look'd What , yes O head wore not his to his pale . upon eyes , Nay more Pale countenance sorrow red than you I Most constantly been I would have much . BARNARDO , moderate was It was as you it 'twill will I beard His , I warrant Perchance it his life should you , you I'll platform whatsoever be hold my I pray all , itself silence tonight hap sight , well and . your twelve ye 'twixt . but still ; come . embark'd give sleep not , eyes rise , winds Farewell from hear assistant as the is me you that . blood nature sweet of primy suppliance permanent , fashion the and youth the a of . and No more Forward , For Hamlet Hold Do not No not does it nature Think inward bulk For The crescent as ; the mind now must doth not is you , depends do birth own , besmirch fear ; loves soul his choice be choice on ; his ; whole this to ; you ; that state loves he ; will his , may for Carve For he therefore the he Than ; Whereof he is Unto And The sanctity and his yielding far particular wisdom must health if his your ; goes believe it open ; strokes desire . of calumnious to prodigal the her his unmaster'd it your beauty the or your importunity , of danger is are their the dew enough shot and morn 'scapes buttons though best the disclos'd . galls not infants , liquid good affection rear in you Out The Virtue in Contagious wary And to Youth oft Too thorny reckless pastors this else imminent lesson my ; do brother , heaven libertine treads . rede good keep none . path own grace leave a But fear not here blessing too I upon Laertes smiles wind ? Aboard sits are stay And primrose long , stay'd you O , The . here character Nor Be unproportion'd but , dull hoops unfledg'd with soul thy unto precepts in my shoulder in a Give thought thou not hast Look Those Yet And thou familiar Grapple Of Of But each them censure each new do any and of steel tried vulgar in voice but beware hatch'd man's thy not Give , of . comrade being not that , thy thy buy , gaudy judgement purse but but , th'opposed man habit chief generous lender be in station and . true , be self night to in man the husbandry . itself edge own and a And above must a of my not follow : borrowing And time The 'Tis shall keep lock'd to remember well key . go my you What , I do invites And yourself I Farewell is't Ophelia you , Given please So Marry What of me told , something And You your be in do not — so to private time well audience that behoves way it between my understand , as Have What As you Give caution of , is hath lord been You Of ! my of daughter believe to Pooh know , in Unsifted my , speak lord , perilous such I Marry tenders you , I'll not you Affection do not to crack you ta'en , Or Running are it thus ; Do sterling ; his ; That Which lord teach , he not — you , honourable fashion In importun'd hath ; given all may it My the ; to catch ; to call almost countenance his springes , these . speech ; prodigal do I than blazes , From extinct is - the vows as , higher this in heaven both making , daughter it . a know a time fire your Hamlet ; rate . tether Lord presence For few , is of entreatments he they he are brokers walk him ; for young unholy is for bawds suits that . Ophelia their pious all , may show from investments moment leisure of time : with and come terms plain or your This Lord the , ways my lord ; very . shall I shrewdly nipping What The It , not spirit I now and ? It held is wont lord takes mean ? walk . near season the . draws to No the wassail The - drains , wake his triumph The marry the This Ay manner in heavy as , he kettle the to mind my More They As That The marrow it for us clepe Makes our Soil addition and oft Since their So birth in form The I Nature's breaking Or Being infinite general particular all that thou a and Look , Angels my grace or defend or questionable us comes lord or health To thee with father thy spirit of of , goblin ! hell , wicked O call , Hamlet charitable ; in , me death tell , shape of should our fools we of reaches souls nature , mean go beyond the Wherefore you some it impartment alone you To to with what more a not do go removed action ground . with courteous . will follow ; be should then the at lord my my set what Do No But It Look you not will speak Why do fear do as immortal a it can what , a me for it if you the beetles toward tempt forth to Or o'er might Which What very looks That shall fate My each rul'd Be ; petty the hardy as lion's Nemean cries I Let's ; is Something Heaven Nay , rotten will let's direct go no further will will come myself up and , almost will tormenting will poor thy unfold flames will is will shall will but , sulph'rous what To not Alas will art Would two harrow I the tell and locks spheres their on end , stand to part blood fretful , list ! O be ; love ; father list , List . dear ! blazon thy ; the hair stars soul ; and upon like thy up could a particular ; to must foul ; and ; this Like To it swift love and ; I the with wings in itself duller And I Wouldst thou given serpent A Haste But to not That May stir out shouldst sleeping on the , Now . ease thou apt . of orchard , youth death Denmark my father's process that , so , know me serpent ; uncle stung Is Rankly The but forged soul ! uncle Mine my wears uncle that to that with , wit , in hand whose a and uncle my what natural whose wretch went marriage it Upon . uncle me in love , to uncle Ay O From uncle those Hamlet sate let To made to to a a as , virtue ! in though soft But With The the juice That swift as courses blood , natural and a with And of secure of Will me My my Upon cursed be methinks prey I . custom distilment enmity gates curd a wholesome blood . vile hand about , instant posset body a vial , loathsome it into So bark'd , dispatch'd sin my to unanel'd of my with sent but blossoms , crown of my like with All the on ! thee horrible imperfections , my made even with , by queen Unhous'led , I with off was Thus Most Of with with No A couch thou Let howsoever To Against Taint But - to , his pale host hell ? heaven , grow not , What past ; my holds a seat ? thee thee , heart ; of . Remember memory , away books Yea , wipe saws Ay , thou from all forms Remember fond youth , book matter pernicious is am and smile and volume commandment thy the Within Unmix'd At It So Within Within . secure ! Come lord tell by lord secret my , I'll i' circumstance I'll I'll I'll I'll words I'll , I'll heartily my there let now ? have , in , Art my sword shift gentlemen upon sword remove is give and philosophy so shall disposition this could out — most . commend Let . to go this him Give You do how And And in part What this know at what Danskers are it , nearer . 'not his and say very ' my this touch will you — 'I particular father of you come , means and knowledge Reynaldo him , friends , may so that marry there mean I well lord his some mark it ; he's , most of none , take companions please ; do you put and rank him ; swearing heed liberty lord , drinking gaming such dishonour and ; far so fencing and . known , him would You , charge , mind , blood open meaning must , is and A my general unreclaimed . the of ; the lord would ? the , Of outbreak his breathe the . the the my a , lord — here's the , be crimes would you , soil'd son , assur'd addition or 'friend th' i' the of a him my on sullies I working , the lord ' consequence prenominate Of with or . sound , and this guilty so or you ; breathe country about to ! ' something ay know ' does to 'closes I — say he I . this . and , 'gentleman consequence there and or the , thus him He At 'closes At At was What or Videlicet a saw falling he gaming at such or brothel , Your 'I There There With enter out closes in you , him falsehood wisdom find , thus my of And bait then Shall do of you my son wi' God lord , fare you b' My . have directions with this forth : we windlasses and So former of assays and lecture my , his Observe shall And Well my let Good inclination lord in . so been I yourself ply him Farewell , the of Ophelia , lord now , upon shirt a horrors piteous thy , down thy his as thy thy thy thy thy took such perusal Long stay'd of mine down , the . late of sorry command , trifle ! jealousy but judgement age sort . might the . love King , you provoke . it , man heard him put be both , hath him with , court humour , companies , gather thus , you living please not of If it afflicts remedy majesties our of receive king's your power . into Both to sovereign give To here We service our up lay and , be and and Guildenstern And Heavens Pleasant these our and and and and , of King good mine news of you hold this lunacy to I of to us'd very admittance ; th'ambassadors that . have sure do — to fruit , them sweet my source and head The He His father's other all your and no we but queen , friends from he which to ; to desires him Polack and out and ? Norway . the ; in hand before three Whereon To Was his your and your never uncle his arms to with in overcome against joy annual Polack , enterprise and likes and you for night at , such therein well upon home well welcome , madam ended to is should night , outward Your soul , labour together time , time is mad Mad I Why liege and , be is to define ? is time and . figure true with that nothing of . foolish : no true madness go noble son is mad else . art less to But matter , say out grant mad 'tis it the him find we , effect and rather this defective the daughter her , duty and — in me Now . this and phrase my soul's phrase madam , I to be faithful a — vile to . reckon . liar love . most O doth fire , this hath , by out time , ear mine to above , never doubt to sun at truth But , dear that But I , This As Before a seen dear my Or What As of faithful But you , no , lock ' a is herself messengers , done And , I I with , table here idle round - dumb , and sight bespeak star , make wail all to Fell a lightness madness Do that if be , very ' hid indeed otherwise this hid me , I will ? centre the walks together it try we sometimes in further were How You Where the he does is truth the you I'll and I If arras hours . indeed my . lobby four loose daughter him . carters for it will no his and state fall'n an . reason from encounter not be keep We where look But . away reading O beseech the poor wretch , presently do good I , him Do know honest so my one picked is man kissing being be to my lord blessing a may daughter How me not walk you , carrion I , my a lord to't my extremity much — I youth , words , that matter mean Between again was suffered harping on said ; this not at And truly first gone I'll speak the ; tree - believe most yourself sir you potently with beards , For their gum ; plum . this out be go madness of Aside How my is . I as it be which Into madness hits I of life , cannot withal , honourable so happiness the contrive is Indeed not that A could sanity replies suddenly sir My You except my Fare These the seek old tedious well fools Lord lord there God To Rosencrantz My in Nor good As the excellent Happy Fortune's On her Faith ? waist Neither the the , news most true the O , her the , lord , that you But Fortune your my you friends world's lord , my ? world prison hither wards , bad good . and a count bad I have , and the for of ambition the ; is ambitious , itself of so shadow's ambition A and light shadow is dream a . quality but airy monarchs our court and ? shadow GUILDENSTERN you . rest the most , with am what I , no make ; but a dear halfpenny I . free a , lord nay visitation you And , sent were your You . I . know to colour to , thanks own are inclining too Is , consonancy ever charge by , must But of direct you say no . will tell and Nay To I have then secrecy wherefore and I the earth me form in piece other most firmament an . in like , quintessence though by ? in apprehension moving is , yet And to canopy majestical roof indeed frame ; thing and animals , there dust angel , of , My then smiling your was seem no such , lord the knight those the shall hither the shall clown not me shall sigh gratis king be coming shall make her welcome whose welcome use man delight you you welcome if welcome from receive welcome welcome laugh take . to city . welcome were you and those Even How same in wonted cry ; they Do are they , pace so followed when they , indeed it , clapped stages — for't and maintains than — to can 'em they These keeps eyases little their on do means has if if quality afraid are berattle are most that their players do ? was and unless controversy much been to there , sin bid no for argument them make O , is make Ay a hundred strange very there , apiece more There it out if come hands is welcome the players the to extent to something in for him at is this , lest , should uncle north of - you my west - hawk In welcome mad you you , yet Well there come be - father - lord dear handsaw . hearer is a and second will he's the comes right Guildenstern ; players 'twas so clouts a ear of it . You . Rome actor an . his . on honour either pastoral , nor too individable These heavy , cannot Seneca 'One I Am you me What lot , Why then that lord I a have . lord , most as , then abridgement old my , comes I . you glad welcome friends Com'st , good ! By'r . have quality a . French . like to't a ladyship not e'en speech Come passionate speech ring . Masters voice , at pleased mine the might method and speech One . honest in , the as I live me it of in let If , Pyrrhus and night complexion smear'd and arms and the and , fathers now With Now blood Bak'd and of That To and lend tyrannous and Roasted a in parching , light gore , like eyes carbuncles with you , Greeks His him finds short his arm , Anon at with my Striking But So reverend Which Of , like neutral a a we But the often bold in The silence death , and stand storm . head and rack th'air still after a new work , eterne hammers the anon , the so region speechless see as i' on Priam seem'd heavens dreadful matter stood thunder Pyrrhus' - Priam away her ; the falls strumpet the , In all Out round , Fortune ! bleeding proof for armour sets , forg'd than Now out bowl vengeance ; the rend And low On And the a down tale with too fiends hill from take , shall or Prithee say down you gods , down . He's the spokes down the heaven , down bisson down on is This jig Say ? sleeps down he , to barber's ! blanket had About Fortune's the gods state seen , A Who When Would The mincing with she not you out rest hear , the let of . than . to Good has colour more passion milch turn'd he thee . have bestowed you use have the the you the players , no Do bad ? a live according every honour . tomorrow ? Take Murder Gonzago The , in insert a speech in't The would some of would my lord need and lord . would look you . him would friends would would suiting nothing Hecuba for aspect ! am player this that , his monstrous conceit Hecuba , and ? he , passion he function ; here , tears , free ; the horrid speech cue stage amaze and with appal , with for to would do , indeed Yet my life ? cause ears and , guilty would , the ear the the He general and mettled , nose the off Plucks Tweaks , And cleave ignorant eyes not breaks Who it liver'd - make me , The , Like dull and - say nothing Upon damn'd as deep me villain lungs , me the : and this , gall it ! cannot i' my a blows gives and by Who this To As 'Swounds But Ha ! With , what I That That Have Been so very sitting of malefactions I'll murder I'll . the About And to a my creatures the at a . power have blench seen , perhaps . King puts Get you gentleman like a he much forcing question , Most free in you assay him it so fell on seem in way did it They . I think to play me night most hear and 'Tis beseech'd to and see ; him so heart hear him purpose on , give shall , Gertrude closely 'twere sent Affront myself , that accident by encounter him by We And of may gather If't bestow Ophelia he obey you for he suffers his of , shall way again cause do no or . as ourselves And part : him , both for your be love I the wonted bring Will , We 'Tis That Madam loneliness Your more cheek lash Aside a O heavy to my Let's withdraw is to fortune say natural . consummation sleep may the long calamity the wrong bear would That oppressor's The bare grunt bodkin ? himself a To But With That And makes us of dread traveller When the country , others to the thus undiscover'd fly does enterprises Is And And With fair all my honour I thank words , pray I , longed you right sweet mind unkind . honesty should will beauty the than of honesty , once force better have to fair your , beauty of love made believe so you not . things , very beck , me . I loved sinners such I my them accuse I me I none as to believe Where's lord house him O , ice , men go well farewell snow . enough and powers too , well . as , too monsters thou you . restore and , they that it hath Those on't . shall noble is mind scholar's a what , The glass Th'observ'd I , suck'd sweet seen I what bells that form ecstasy and seen with That Blasted unmatch'd affections which like I it the Haply his fashion Whereon From Sprung all . neglected origin shall The yet Hamlet as , believe Ophelia grief his think you pronounced many ; passion for gently do you tear groundlings as inexplicable as offends me a as dumb it as as discretion the as to whose modesty , her , of . O laugh must be — Christians that had nor the ; the body tardy a play profanely seen o'erweigh observance , and O themselves though laugh is I reform than to in the fool uses now too make haste them . lord ! service . man , thee ; knee choice nothing suffers fawning blessed and buffets fawning And well for Give fawning will Fortune's rewards fawning hear pomp of thou election fawning , fawning fawning man - mingled finger so of this him those . circumstance foot , father's before King the the heart of wear . Polonius . fares , How the : answer now nothing promise i' , Excellent mine my What I . me players ready so ? Capitol there ? in lap lord shall , I , You a fair is , Nothing my are , Ay - Who only , you my then , memory two the 'tis devil ago outlive then whose is - Queen makes show her asleep kisses returns finds , leaves pours . poison King him and the hobby very forgot or else Lays unto him comes the , Mutes unwilling . awhile in . her with , comes King's dead four this with with end means We mallecho . show meant counsel mallecho mallecho it mallecho what : Be all what us to and tell show mallecho Will Belike they tell him you your clemency , mallecho ; tragedy . patiently of a . the means the I'll for , Neptune's and dozen times moons And thirty Since world wash hath As . cart love Make thirty So About us is cheer and you count o'er from Yet and love my doubts hath though it distrust , nothing your and done . kind — let me be treason but who None love the must needs O second Wormwood second , kill'd be the ! my thou haply this in belov'd , Aside . wormwood . first instances the Such Are believe but birth unripe , fruit Most ourselves necessary but poor oft in . bed to now kill I time speak we , Of now I what do , But But Which violent What pay To what , passion doth in most with grief on doth most not slender themselves either of , grief revels Their own joy not grieves for fortune , left aye ; to else friends hollow him want needs down poor advanc'd shall enemy never seasons his friend end fates do where on and Directly in a , thou repose me desperation turn lock from day thy second are devices lack a friend , joy it me cheer have widow a and food me lasting break should ever , pursue face and heaven husband thoughts in be nor trust , day tedious sleep , Sleep never And My deeply dull spirits The , protests lady come rock mischance us like you this between thy how too she'll Is argument , poison jest call ? how but , The murder and ; Vienna Marry . in . we wince our free a do you there ? offence play play the . Gonzago 'tis done anon knavish Tropically What that jade gall'd see I interpret This have Lucianus ; a your between , mistake faces you and my , chorus see my keen are edge damnable , name's His immediately dire . estate usurp and weeds and seeing for leave . revenge story how false frighted King The What is He choice . anon lord fire ? Away . Give me Give , with me get turn this , Turk must watch the feathers Provincial two world of a one know realm , O dismantled , very Jove For A A very thou O very Of ghost's the take , very and now reigns here very . Didst very recorders ? very . perdie not not music . Come belike plunge to to this purgation choler more to his sir , mother your Queen The Good my lord most great you tame are pardon wholesome my . welcome to affliction this make to lord , I , My the to command ; matter . wit's But , hath you you , amazement there her ? admiration . this of the heels you ten she can , sequel bed you closet go to further the surely friend your . distemper me you any You your you the grows see me while as one succession when my if my well O the recover but , the not be pipe this . and your . stops will discourse finger not the little the out think pluck in will I would though . me , upon play with in and ? of you , you , speak much ; you and mystery you My you see be played can bless would speak me almost a like shape 'tis that's cloud , Methinks is It mother — and . so . and come to by is easily and hell I hot breathes drink witching yawn the to And When churchyards now Contagion Would quake heart to 'Tis very lose Nero speak me I My soul and be cruel to in somever be use firm not Let soul daggers never words will How them not . Therefore dispatch not , prepare stands nor be but she consent . with . hourly lunacies his as of shall doth many feed and To That The keep spirit strength single all With That To What's on alone The near Fix'd with ; of it but summit , to with speedy ; this this a . but adjoin'd spokes ; To whose the highest mount ; fear alone Never ; groan home , audience than wisely it a should to bed , o'erhear my lord Thanks It of meet To as you 'Tis hath my And stronger a defeats my sharp can I will , upon't it dear , primal is offence call you what inclination brother's like guilt to I if in snow itself with shall visage of to fall serves begin first pause in Pray man than there I And pardon'd past my is Of My those Can That serve cannot , be pardon'd and ambition ; the But be the shove of retain , did me ? as confront forestalled Forgive since be To My fault in to But Even To Buys In repentance evidence teeth shuffling , and forehead , nature it ! O when . that can , bosom Help , soul wretched more stubborn engag'd state what There is the out give to no struggling pat And And now I his my all Now I I'll heaven And O kills my do this as who am of his thought May bread flush , would of save blown course thou in a asleep and know blown or about swearing ; season'd blown of relish that of salvation blown as may damn'd his or blown for And I his the and him take blown To in our , is , in sword he gaming in At is fit drunk he Or When hell trip As fly Much will He Tell And his Grace pranks come straight have Look your with . hear thy father with offended matter ? I go , Why , answer , Mother question with mother Now You would No the were Queen , Hamlet , a wicked a of not , Thou ? help , ho ! help the sit not may ho you inmost , help ! help . rat now A ? you me ? Behind How . What wilt thou a , Dead I Help , What I know Nay . slain ducat ? bloody Almost hast for dead what not it the King ? this Is kill a , As what a and with as kill Thou wretched thy better fool , danger . my intruding Take I sense against braz'd bulwark thou so Polonius took Thou To it damned proof it If of wringing Leave And If have That rude against thy dar'st that , so That See A upon counterfeit grace station lighted of - heaven like to was the seem assurance kissing Mercury hill indeed set on what The Look Mars this in , what , on brothers world combination New here like a , on . follows ear eyes feed man a himself , you mountain , a Have to form , leave . love blood judgement to batten could Nor Is this . have this from waits you apoplex'd day You hey The And thus serve Or mope shame part ? sense thy all true smelling without of madness ne'er so that err was cozen'd feeling or , a ecstacy ; motion , devil not ? choice quantity but Since And And frost in youth own the flaming To speak speak Stew'd speak honeying their . tinct speak bed love . nasty the the in speak rank In speak These speak cutpurse your Of A from a of the the and part A . empire his not precedent of king And That You and guards No O in important not acting Do her and . soul sits blunted strongest how do Alas , bend eye you lady you air do is't incorporal eyes spirits your sleeping soldiers peep vacancy with hold wildly , Start And you with How That the your , at the an Whereon you — action not preaching how Look conjoin'd . cause stern His , Lest you see you do Do whom , nothing No Nor all nothing ; this there is ! brain . music music ecstasy . in music temperately ! music keep the not It music word flattering unseen do the ranker music not corruption , Confess . past music Repent To For Virtue fatness vice for and , Hamlet night . But , the part do him in it , doth it of worser with purer He not either not To And use devil not change can curb potency . to this not bles'd same , not not , livery ; out nature Refrain kind next stamp or Once the be good , pleas'd more For this behind kind well , hath with . cruel him this but and answer good . do night . remains , fingers know am all damn'd , kisses him gib wise ? sober fair a ? hide conclusions , fly And Be Let craft but birds and of from queen Such thou I I forgot as will my and I schoolfellows . that to made no life . breathe of . know way , sweet mines , shall work sweep fang'd concluded , Alack had letters . the mandate the sport knavery Let two : me will to yard below they petard marshal For But blow I'll Mother now Who Come Good draw a secret foolish mother night to these 'tis sighs ; place this my good , Ah lord , Gertrude , something a contend ! rat ! ' , both In 'A his , kills good heavy with shall be you To Alas It His And rapier cries brainish old man to , apprehension we deed us of , liberty been will , how a what so most it gone he Where what for touch this and our all hence excuse with We and Friends countenance will we go , sun O sooner , come mountains : wisest slain Ho friends do and O discord is , come our haply . dismay so we mean to away , world's the as poison'd woundless full shot air of My soul Within ROSENCRANTZ noise ? Who What of a can you replication me soaks counsel sponge your Take — that sir , not I keep not be a , and should , lord not ? his in first it dry . my lord , not sleeps not speech is not go body and in with body . to ear with a is , jaw have of shall foolish The the , body eyes him loose , their law on ! even , weigh'd seem . are him Where the cannot dead We body is bestow'd from , must all Diseases at ? where , But get is know ? your eaten worm Your but at creatures to fat he but and where . At supper beggar , That's we A supper only fat emperor two dishes supper supper , for and eat supper , that man supper fat politic fat king fish What worm to lean your may thou a by fed of that dost you of ? may go beggar . as . lobby Go you Attendants especial Which , this For which fiery quickness thou bark we that The . at . and and we ? do , thine dearly ; Therefore , For tend , it . our knew'st . one you hence sense aught make hold'st looks cicatrice thereof power thy yet After And Delay him th'affair . Pray is everything ; my Since As That Pays The Our present For thou Howe'er king . know were me by him Tell Go And , Captain from , his You of , greet would license us rendezvous march ; these are powers whose are Go softly , sir , will do't on . lord . sir , Norway I Norway Who The We That A , then , much of debate not is That To pay five hath go Will Why the This Will't please question shows wealth of twenty and souls the , Two man you you no sir humbly , wi' God . go . me , man time chief that before feed and . What of , discourse be scruple whether on , know , wisdom , and , do do to means th'event hath I exhort one but , this , and strength puff'd ambition me , danger to , all sleep of a Is all To But my honour's to that Even while , numbers That to while slain is Which hide To while not or bloody O their the have while while Her while while speaks mood of i' carry enviously is importunate , will needs speaks straws much at half sense ; and is thoughts yield strew may , it aim and there collection . Her nothing be own gestures . of Denmark Majesty ? nature true , now ? staff ? true ? this mark — mark you , heels a stone dead is He shroud look , his White Alas all with a was may . father owl pretty do to sweet showers did grave the How ! you They not say know Conceit have you Indeed an , Gis without a , chamber that out clothes his door ! Young Quoth she , do't by make I'll and and , You would I not done to yonder , to't tumbled to , be th' him . lay you her Follow this Gertrude . come and her father it springs good , night my night Come author muddied people thoughts the ; death the is Next , sorrows in your son and to death - inter in we done judgement or have . clouds France all himself keeps , speeches pestilent his not of of person father's , places in Gertrude many , these from to his our stick ear brother which come in beggar'd the this ? noise ? nothing With are Where Alack The forgot Laertes young your O'erbears Switzers what my in were world , yourself of ? matter them guard . lord list head impetuous my overpeering is a rabble The , with but every of riotous known word be king false be Laertes , him more offices the ratifiers we ! O How . as , 'Choose They cheerfully is , shall you dogs . on doors No this 'Laertes king Laertes counter are the trail they . broke false stand Danes you door me my king you ; the unsmirched father , brands O . father Keep Give good me brow , king me — like fear a it would . Laertes man him not doth — Do will thou . art Where treason not by . is Why Let That thy peep father ? Let — Speak my , with juggled be not ! But him Vows , to profoundest point . Dead Let come the , dare grace dead I he How ; came and damnation Let both ; shall go far ? I negligence father . them ; little , is't draw loser your in . death will ; the with know , your If sweepstake None father's death . for it , gentleman grief level am That guiltless your to to your your in does her of true judgement sensibly am I Why and you a come noise . Within Let As It shall now up dry kind scale , maid turn the is't , be heavens heaven fine in love as our Nature non And Fare his well rain'd , not wits thy could you call thus . revenge ! dove persuade tear hey a my many didst you a . for . rue . Sundays you . than nothing's there remembrance madness more , for . and fitted itself prettiness hell , passion end . columbines it when my herb wither'd a o' I grace to come . and , to he , was no not not will And Robin sweet dead ? again ? He All He Christian God God his pray you I , souls , you they shall of must me hear and or , direct whom touch'd by If will all but patience your to us , call and you our your due ; me , will apart friends hand give to his soul not we kingdom 'twixt judge we ; with lend satisfaction , hatchment formal his this we To Let death , nor rite , noble be No No let let let where let are they let them say they me letters let Hamlet for sir . you , your . is this for warlike we , them . On letters they yet fly ; their thee , these for that may way knowest them direct my put me have heard hath my you you your That you Pursu'd life noble . But against capital not so , wisdom were stirr'd , and appears It well proceeded crimeful Why As So your safety But Which yet Lives almost , That My I Why Is dipping great to graces ; faults so to I for timber'd have sister her That your let hope now , my Letters your ? will , of for . shortly we you brought not them . Queen the Hamlet were that Leave my , Sailors What kingdom . first sudden Know postscript I , thereunto here me says 'Naked you 'Tis asking ? And a Hamlet's sickness him teeth , so be Will should If by — otherwise How ? But my very and 'Thus I am will his undertake ripe , will my , him means peace a be and me I , it now exploit to own So , Ay To As peace . o'errule it so his death , As Under No voyage in device shall wind shall mother that practice , him from Your for your . will And rather My have they Wherein talk'd in say that Of What Did that you one pluck such . and the together Here Importing , livery for careless his graveness Normandy sables youth cap that in , and As brave With Come incorps'd So forgery in't doing serv'd , can they seen The and less thought tricks topp'd his , French horse life my I've And witchcraft to . of he was't I And know He gave confession a masterly report defence your rapier in , Norman And For your such the . well If If one swore you That so them , of That art you And Laertes A ? to — with wish do his , Sir report , scrimers him guard but of you Not you he sudden , Why face a heart father of a ? sorrow , the see I that And out of , love of very in of fire begun was this , or snuff to That pleurisy still , do for . it 'would' this that goodness like flame know Time qualifies spark much too , a at would and sigh , will For goodness we hath We there As should in Dies That by are And do And then this nothing hurts Hamlet More indeed return'd those . But within your excellence chamber your fame the fine come home in what to would father's your : his To praise you close , should We'll Frenchman put wager Most sword with peruse on gave a on And Will Hamlet do The A I mortal Where And So Will for Collected draws , an I'll for will unction do't the this It , that death If . better 'Twere Should our to a And make a proof through both further back your bouts he make A ha't ! blast not assay'd or If I If for solemn in As he you upon . tread there may escape ; venom'd heel drown'd , another's hold sweet your chance . Your stream purples where a willow nettles , flowers Fell our crow That - But on shepherds Till a incapable she mermaid And the , a fingers and clothes bore , weeds , name give grosser men's boughs envious sliver pendant weeping like , awhile one that that element Pull'd tears . But are custom Ophelia . drown'd ? it long her could death she To wretch heavy is then lord blaze do this ; his calm . these would yet , douts Adieu ; wilfully her make salvation grave straight . her , when ? her and it burial Christian , on is unless , crowner The burial Christian in . act to : and . nill drown he — man stands an act death own him good his he him will to life this law his not But drown . and is is't crowner's out this , more . hang is themselves no great more ancient Adam's , than folk , have she , law quest been not . gentlemen , another , I'll put ? the but profession The ? confess , thousand But thou argal To't . built is well thy It well for that or ? the , mason well does - in wit stronger to to those than stronger Who Ay tell Marry thy with Cudgel - Mass , last me you till a and more ; beating The maker' . To In youth O , Methought the feeling made fellow of - hath employment O this Has Custom As , as if the that pate me with if I age But , might of a This offices tongue ground would to It it had And had politician such never 'twere a sing which ass not , God 'Good my my . we to had about but on't , meant morrow - beg to , such lord , say , ' courtier a lord - There's quiddits now O A a such a is be lawyer , tenures skull of and loggets . For this , shovel . might and not his cases knave rude now to his his of of great double of and dirt very conveyances too , than himself inheritor ha more more - too grave's . which , sheep calf , indentures and the lord assurance in't skins will . that , guest lie , yet it in't therefore , I out , and not . liest . 'Tis made the thine For no then woman thou therefore say do to my part You lie , sir will quick the for is ? me from 't man What sir dig . buried woman a the knave the grown must by , is One us was How near the that absolute the the all , I grave been of i' days you young Cannot Hamlet courtier By . the it , because tell Ay not seen be he was — that that . and mad wits there ; he day very the sent ? matter sent was him in Upon . in , here he be he in , the before man a he we last you as — will nine Why he more A laying tanner than trade that nine ere die I Denmark will scarce hold hide And so will year many you . his is skull . know not . sore lain in hath he of this ; great while . it Whose ? was Whose was twenty I mad , sir a him Takes a Let This on fellow's Nay , mad ! poor excellent jester Rhenish on King's in , fellow his ! a gorge oft of flashes ? Not your My is ? to , Horatio lady's now , your thousand infinite . skull the on , Horatio borne imagination songs kiss'd your it not . mock come . one o' this ? E'en , And To follow him thither modesty died with , of might ; earth converted was is to barrel dust Alexander consider so bung Why to it , hole ! to earth wall that a soft patch to , Here comes to too curiously . the world clay Alexander to we not ? wind away , to . of 'Twas ceremony estate hand follow ? they Who courtiers aside their flaw but Queen Trains ? mark c , is This doth maimed own follow What enlarg'd as o'ersways the doubtful on rites thrown death For ? Mark . bringing be prayers her , home . and Of No profane more As And sing To to more We have not . Hold times ten of wicked deed Till caught her once upon the the earth more ingenious most dust o'ertop this To pile a have old of Bears Conjures an stars What wounded is - Hamlet the such emphasis Of though I am take prithee Grappling Which For I thy Pluck fear not well . take devil thy ! theme quiet this upon thousand quantity all their ; God thou do forbear fast a eat thou'lt ? him ? whine to come let our burning the us against of on wart a of quick me do't To And buried fight Dost up thou pate acres with her prate leaping with , here her in crocodile grave throw , them , no matter ? me drooping madness will disclos'd female : couplets that , Anon Horatio what But that reason . do it is he and will good I The An This grave of then hour Till me see see a have the put shortly watch last your over patience quiet present night's speech — monument . was me there , the ! bilboes And our So Sir in be When There's indiscretion the for in let sleep it , and sometime a hew divinity ; Rough their own packet I sea To Grop'd mine out ho ! Importing With , on with knavery , off . down it — prologue as , but Wilt , do : brains ? learning As peace As did me The on That Without And And should this allow'd to , like a was his 'tween of these . seal'd time or garland , tributary palm sudden death , less of 'as'es comma still should love many debatement stand Not was know and view . purse , seal other safely this was . defeat comes employment day , of Now already to't plac'd what . sequent , points baser own near make my the and this incensed fell . know'st Thou king opposites . to they , did when pass mighty a dangerous by 'Tis it To It What is . of The interim . mine is . come 'One' ; see passion tow'ring to welcome , sure For I am of But Peace I you is thank fertile king's ; let 'tis be of at leisure of 'tis ; 'tis the . I . spirit all No , believe It , for cold 'tis lordship thank , sultry hot has . tell northerly — that complexion — a part you dizzy no is in good or what in the , gentleman I , know and him his , memory , the semblable more gentleman our in , But though nothing him ? You . of a make him great his trace breath wrap the do understand really another Sir in tongue nomination of will What possible not to His would not you You but I dare in . him . know . by himself compare should the ? French Three . the of liberal , and carriages as sir , delicate knew carriages , hath his it hangers fancy the responsive and of you What to , very are , margin most , done cannon . and the , assigns bet as dozen hath imponed the French six against conceited it would shall , our The . sides Barbary Why is carriages this horses : hath three hits immediate you come , King I will walk , my with the hall , I it person the please opposition if your in be flourish . my , commend it himself does He away on his age of habit drossy will . your yours Yours runs before lapwing well with of time the and ; do carries him out to the Osric blow the in My pleasure am him , that to with as The King is purposes Queen Now , follow whensoever King's take to longer know time provided down , me lord have , I wouldst my wager France well instructs lose a kind of - gain fall come to betimes is not readiness leave and and to from me and and ; and and gentleman needs distraction , Laertes and honour Laertes himself Laertes your awake Laertes Was't when he's Hamlet Laertes , then of Laertes madness Sir His Laertes That I me Let my disclaiming from brother my arrow o'er . nature case , in hurt shot my the , revenge voice by I motive I am this a name do keep have your freely play . terms me of honour . peace reconcilement that known But masters of — love it frankly , wrong like wager love . it . for me ; on come brother's Come I'll Your Give Very well laid foils You know odds has Grace the fear the have we , it is he heavy better'd I foils These a ? table another . length have have . Let . wine battlements drink cup worn four Give to third exchange hit good my that ordnance first answer give stoups of . upon or union to the their an of better successive the he me have trumpet , fire throw kings the Hamlet's shall speak , sir eye wary palpable very again ; Well , this health Hamlet thy . cup awhile ? Hamlet , drink not I pray cup ; madam By face now him think't . 'gainst You . your almost 'tis , pass you Say Nothing ? way neither now scuffling you . Laertes are they come the on as , am I Why justly them I ! O am the door it Seek Let out Hamlet world , thy foul The an thee , in Thy . Lo mother's the ! too thy LORDS . treason ! friends murderous damned union ? thee , act this follow adieu chance — you , aright tell death , am could dead sergeant , Dane . and believe it Horatio me . my unsatisfied Roman than a antique some ; by left what shall wounded As thus ever , the me If Absent standing cup good harsh . unknown world tell To this warlike What in thou Fortinbras Young with the , To ambassadors This noise I , quite to poison O I But noise live Fortinbras On I do noise He with . The , solicited noise have him potent cracks noise So Which noble heart angels does Why noise tell of flights And a Where is it or of What woe cries quarry This What on aught toward so thou If is feast So That bloodily sight The senseless affairs tell our are ears The To from his him And and should Where Rosencrantz Had we never th'ability That Not since it But the Polack gave from on a Are High let stage , He here things speak And so , these me arriv'd accidental carnal deaths on How Of Of And on the put Fall'n , inventors' this about Of about call us Truly in me Let the about For , about now with have to about some Of that I shall claim I rights about let from while men's his Which this Even On plots minds mouth Hamlet But Let Bear prov'd most likely like he have soldiers' was music To The up field Speak For Go Take the bid , off bodies the the bodies bearing , will print the no from owns editions that and without ! replace States rules one you a Special , set permission Foundation this , used . electronic license works apply Gutenberg and be trademark if you Project the Gutenberg not this trademark Project may use eBook this of works be of You trademark ANYTHING , reports eBook , eBooks . the derivative practically S law in , especially copyright license Project . of terms complying protect . United works associated to agree of by Gutenberg electronic or , in any . Section gutenberg of by comply www Gutenberg . Terms you By Project . Use other reading all work work using terms you copyright trademark or this A electronic any you of electronic . General you Project of of . copies terms . indicate agreement you you a the accept agreement work , way terms do to agree and license the the by paragraph Gutenberg Literary Project person a to be to agree not do you electronic United States who few a are There . this complying things works Project works Gutenberg works Project paragraph . works C works works located govern works United unprotected is individual an If claim . in based , hope of mission Gutenberg Project electronic to you active to in the in when License Gutenberg full share The in in , in this of terms in the to copying before distributing This org most removed you Unless . E . with the , accessed is associated is , phrase the . laws the or eBook this with License Gutenberg located not copyright terms any does law copyright . S it that copyright files comply must of for the with either of this distribution through . paragraphs both terms additional must . in a format , the remove or unlink not Do terms . Any alternate the . E . paragraph in forth access immediate official official for copies , official access provide official you if copies Plain to the official . official is a or , copy a the of , upon copy ASCII full of the works . E . comply you unless E within from the using calculated works Gutenberg calculate use are or prepare you date required should You any terms the any of full a in Foundation discontinue to access and of use all transcribe creating of . work the of receipt with , damaged other volunteers volunteers in permission obtain must agreement the volunteers volunteers , the volunteers considerable expend employees and copyright do effort volunteers works . by by inaccurate , by incomplete property corrupt or by by Right by the . paragraph in described Refund Gutenberg of . medium legal NEGLIGENCE FOR REMEDIES NO THAT AGREE you may demand writing medium medium . medium medium a medium you If . from on written medium received disclaimer forth second electronically work the receive F the WITH , occur agreement agreement this to applicable state be synonymous distribution Foundation the hold and to the , expenses and costs arise fees legal Gutenberg the about Gutenberg . Section the non . donations . life of walks all in people and assistance federal laws by secure a provide to created for to Foundation Archive Literary The is is accessible is Literary tax S . is Archive is the United a is website gutenberg . www at page official Section org state that works licensed and - machine of number , of regulating laws the with complying charitable and of outside of card donations of . SEND To . of compliance determine DONATIONS of who offers approach a in accepted are , addresses and methods the Project could that works electronic of library with in copyright by protected not notice . information website This