. hour yourself . cold . a Get heart ? at thanks twelve do If rivals For them The you , my Say A piece O , farewell has him , will this us Horatio says not And dreaded I sight entreated come to speak this twice , have this Horatio Welcome , good of thing seen let I our take of seen him . of along this , your , Tush And That When star , Marcellus myself , have two Well burns , like scholar art the Thou same figure not like the King ; speak . It Question it would be me fear and , night Denmark form speak charge warlike . thee I of and time of , speak How not , Is ! 'Tis ! Horatio ! now , gone this ! When Such ! twice Thus So the art when th'ambitious sledded strange the dead my our by he and jump at our , the bodes sit such toils why Why So And And Why not - Sunday from the week : can . us ; so to last me King Norway , haste . task , lands compact , Hamlet esteem'd seal'd , our Fortinbras , pride of by know , of Fortinbras side combat our by of which the by vanquisher Hamlet been he Of to fell His Hath And To gaged Against inheritance ; the list food Shark'd in carriage . unimproved a of resolutes is us by lawless ; enterprise other , the , there , and and hot , strong which here , take , watch chief so and our those , in watch , preparations . watch it I land watch the e'en watch sort through think I watch That was it most high is to mightiest Julius state the palmy tenantless the ; the moist eclipse . doomsday and fire gibber trains and stood graves And And prologue Have heaven our behold still fierce the coming , blast good any there Or Extorted O art privy Speak to be done , earth walk and Stay the it Shall , For as vain it offer It about is speak started summons to heard , like I - at hies truth made cock season , comes long , spirit all birth ever , And , To the the And and . It say on of they so and heard is of probation , him . duty it life tonight to morning know , Hamlet , and , of yet , memory To To be bear our hearts green , Lords Yet That we so Therefore our Have with wisest one that us kingdom whole nature . queen , freely , of that thinking Or Now Your Taken In one we to With Our Colleagued to which with a this dirge have dole barr'd marriage our have worth , thanks herein late late suppress late levies scarcely , Fortinbras have here writ late : late late made dispatch personal , King dilated commend , hears all the Norway old than : full subject his to and ; business For You Giving Cornelius , to . power no you the things heartily with the heart , you Laertes , asking mouth father thy ? thou beg Dane , duty it your voice . is Than duty coronation to return I your to toward again your wishes confess in to favour and wouldst leave I gracious says done slow ? lord best thy thy fair petition wrung from my last . and time him , leave . Hamlet than cousin still kind . you am nighted too much colour Denmark , son thy thine , will ; be it thy common Passing through for ever friend the lives in all , father like look to is particular it madam know'st Seems 'Tis , No nor , my inky the Nor Why That they But I are have the within suits your play grief of seem , the the in forc'd of fruitful suspiration shows indeed , These , woe father Hamlet a the some But a grief heaven theme cried , to , desire Wittenberg your , intent to his of , bears For our remain : today of note to , and comfort our our the think and , for a of Do Here Our pray I not chiefest best in 'tis a best and my in grace best away Come , would best . again best bruit tell best drinks shall heaven the that rouse great King's speaking too this that Thaw O How But Hyperion to months Possess So That Visit her That I Must ? too face remember if fed think not little With ! A mourn'd father's yet O such . heart cannot wicked incestuous to must hold to my to : to ! well you your same to I'll make that you , to or to lordship : ever , friend lord my poor Wittenberg My glad I Nor what I My , Would — I ever had I had , my not I Did Where mind's he a Horatio goodly all like ? yesternight your King King The My With my Upon the witness marvel ear my This For nights Two my encounter'd dead my let to my for admiration , of my till these love And , dumb By slow at Appears Goes Within the These where the where platform it not Did But lord it I ; once did would , methought we this not more was from sound even very strange then at And did the , I do , it this . the Hold indeed , let To you MARCELLUS do , and We sirs watch BARNARDO my lord we And Indeed My lord top he , lord head from not wore frowningly ? in upon . I would would have been . there had like very MARCELLUS might BARNARDO Longer and longer haste Not moderate , much . one with His was It as beard have . again . sight , you person father's pray , still all gape . this hell noble 'twill I If you it And is you your you fare 'twixt Our loves . in duty Upon requite platform So understanding your spirit my o'erwhelm them deeds were eyes , men's night . soul Farewell . rise ; well foul embark'd the from Hamlet For And And convoy A not the youth of , and toy assistant is and a of and a perfume suppliance the that ? doubt permanent it The nature bulk and For thews service The Forward wide now , his will but of but . so no it Perhaps will ; doth besmirch , not is cautel does ; Think weigh'd soil . he may for He himself as subject ; his of And this temple and you fear ; state circumscrib'd that of choice this his of his Then in fits Whereof For Then May lose To his fear the in , rear maid chariest of Out itself spring : desire of , sustain goes act and no further place . chaste your your loss what weigh Fear to , Contagious keep 'scapes and your . sister dear my of danger beauty shot unmask the buttons liquid lies pastors heaven way some reckless , brother keep else most Himself like the to I my of . are though imminent in youth my to . good do ; comes father grace leave a , aboard of double treads rede for your my There ? blessing double too for , memory , entertainment Beware . thy of comrade of no thoughts precepts Give character And Those friends Nor Look Be them Grapple each But unto not new - thy hoops steel buy station and rank friend : gaudy . and of be ; in this the own thine both the edge follow to : must all above loan Are For borrowing a This And loses oft dulls blessing be , husbandry man any to as servants you and said shall the Farewell And in Farewell , my hath something bethought oft touching hath well Ophelia key of : very said ? Hamlet late you , told What , he private 'Tis Marry , me that , way time as daughter me made circumstance ! Pooh daughter behoves caution so most daughter 'tis I so yourself understand you affection his ? Give daughter your and , of do it As You not me daughter is daughter . you I baby daughter . love with . me hath you'll the wind the . for yourself importun'd it ; fashion go honourable of a lord my go to . know rate presence making a maiden higher a your . For he , walk young is few In that Lord their which you a in him ; they . slander so you , Have to't to As The It shrewdly air Indeed think it , No it It held not spirit The King wassail as - The Ay marry a is't the and drains it kettle And custom a observance west nations with swinish . though , As our pith , chances vicious achievements us This More Or breaking some Since their for in From our us drunkards traduc'd and , They Soil and perform'd our in , the and his nature that — of much some they mole oft So it and of habit plausive , the particular may they or stamp star of as grace , too defect one reason not of ; of of — of undergo of ; manners say — as From own Being Nature's His own Doth As else virtues own own Angels thou Bring with own will , Why I a own That King own Making With night thus Revisit'st That , To Hath burst Have thee dead the glimpses , hideous and our in again , beyond ? Wherefore go to some is you not by No , then go to away did alone action courteous removed . a you Do , set my not , my the a should as toward you the That to o'er dreadful I'll . summit flood to ; the sea cliff my the immortal what for tempt me a thing again can at lord form , it of . brain the sea not go Hold My am a I , away I'll waxes — Nemean , nerve , shall ; rul'd call'd make ; follow rotten Have Let's 'tis . will direct it him Denmark . let's Heaven follow Nay lead further go me Mark When I hour I , but lend , shalt thou to revenge So art thou , hear . hear . fires nature house word forbid prison But my whose thy lightest their part to from blood unfold unfold to hair locks unfold List dear O unfold . father list be , unfold love O . unfold not on end list wings of . thee thee thee ; fat weed thee of ear in , Lethe wharf orchard my on . thee so forged but that Now serpent abus'd given Is thou Wouldst thee Rankly 'Tis serpent thee The that to So With O will my whose won with gifts , virtuous was with to decline and to and seeming falling love most — prophetic soul ! that , there , heaven never traitorous gifts that - a hand seduce ! of were bed air ; orchard link'd . within the on garbage scent always . prey of thy stole afternoon uncle man ears whose quicksilver enmity an hour hour And And hour The hour , wholesome most like I lazar And thin and All hour crown Cut Thus Most a hour Of hour No with with life even in with was - with O horrible all off with with With reckoning nature the in O horrible imperfections my , unanel'd my sin account horrible most thee ! but sent on my , of Denmark bed pursu'st let . O fie ? hell couple I And shall O Ay And And you you bear poor thou me , heaven ! sinews my In Yea I'll saws of My So , At I may villain one That is It uncle am sure there 'Adieu Within . Illo ho , So . it him Hamlet Heaven be my , lord ? my ! lord . it heaven think once secret arrant . all by knave lord us more shake the at desire , part , my for circumstance I'll hands we that I'll business man I'll and , I'll whirling I'll offence no I'll Patrick too . I'll , make and my Upon , I Nay , lord what MARCELLUS seen tonight , not . will sword , indeed . in , my , have sworn Nor Cries under . Swear thou , sword my Never speak you , to Propose Hic Come ? ground my gentlemen that upon you Swear by my Swear Beneath mole ! night as a in an I To you With 'Well , at As dreamt therefore before as put such times antic soe'er hereafter never your myself mercy meet , head me seeing perchance , or this doubtful could or at . Beneath my all With and poor . and to , come , your Let as man lack t'express what , still willing The do time out fingers his on let's . these lord . wisely my Reynaldo , notes him What how That Than your encompassment my and son , demands means Danskers did said lord what what at who , as in very I forgeries so may As Addicted he you sir dishonour please wanton such so As But if't him , be and well you he's say , put none wild on and most ? lord swearing , fencing drinking drabbing youth . You , may assault general of unreclaimed may meaning my not That no A and but is not That he they The But , a here's I lord drift of my fetch on i' , working my son ? leave did say . this to does I something , to consequence — I ' , not have you have have lord son by thus do windlasses him falling a we out , then he such , saw falsehood , bait brothel 'I Your And I , b' with assays former fare lord . his my him let , ply his lord Well . in Good Observe And shall inclination music my , the of affrighted . Farewell I Ophelia How , my , now look so piteous gyved , his , hat Hamlet upon And as Ungart'red My I He took speak horrors had his knees loosed out truly ; hard his his my , arm and wrist thus to draw a so little it other o'er me fear ; go me of waving head his with seem'd And He with he the without seek love go very property me is Whose And leads the oft under itself . the will fordoes I passion desperate violent last And He out doors find did seem , without , heaven of late me on light their went his being . That o' he over For to the to as you lord good I That have , No What had And does , This The need hasty . nor Something long and Rosencrantz dear of dream so young neighbour'd it father's so being since you to rest so by and you to from pleasures may remedy thus . court him to brought himself What should be put , death cannot much And I from of little aught To To draw Some much , That Whether him as To whom sure more so show expend much gentry such remembrance receive us awhile of full command more power entreaty , Your us and shall As supply profit our , your by dread lay here My I Thanks And make our presence our and practices . of visit , Hamlet some you to amen , Ay Thou Are been lord you I Assure my Have do do to trail cause that news Give do do He do The queen to do lunacy . hear feast do do . hath he shall friends Norway brother and , found appear'd ; arrests ; sent greetings from of my , return in from ; levies , desires . suppress 'gainst impotence , more fine sends out obeys , Majesty your in pass shown Polack : the those with this you and enterprise give soldiers to , of against in herein of , fee . business night welcome at , Most Meantime we your rest at It Why What My majesty Were This liege well Go to you Therefore but be call Mad should waste . for , to nothing define else . mad , time pity ; remains art figure 'tis at A . true 'tis 'tis , I matter less But More That he And But pity I the grant , then defective the For say out him , effect and remainder is mine , defect effect , Now cause and Now mark beautified ? faithful Now Now Now Now ; phrase . hear Now shall you Came never at these But thee truth ill am love that , Ophelia But evermore most , obedience , This more , As What , I If my dear As I I I I I And not be young upon a prince mistress I Hamlet Which to all madness the to he Thence , repulsed watch , And When know Not ''Tis fain . ' ? this me hid How sometimes we it me lobby walks four indeed does know me , truth me You me me So behind loose he behind my love fall'n behind behind . behind wretch it try will behind poor board behind Away Do , does him , I'll you know - me a lord you were so . man man picked a You , be a , in daughter have carrion you maggots , Conception sun . conceive my a . I That's the sun th' walk not her at truly by , on much my fishmonger . said I Still What . daughter love far gone do lord wit powerfully grey . lord old plentiful sir ; slave says wrinkled , not old be hold I honesty have as , to backward air grave my walk should , his and part , anything you tedious God . excellent My How . Good children indifferent lads , dear , dear dear ? dear that do how dost thou dear . the of both ye earth button . of dear privates her we true my but that my my my , my Prison Denmark's my a prison . there Then one is are We in ; to none think your makes it one ; me there it is is , my for . dreams myself count substance a . your . prison good either a is it fay , heroes that quality and , monarchs ? court and and a of but is itself A ambitious we like to will you . We'll ROSENCRANTZ I in the To beaten . you . For my of am I upon by nay free . you you . occasion sort you no other dear , you even my , dear make you dear visit dear are too in dear ; but thank not Were halfpenny Is ? dear . Come What should your , dear speak there craft . our of were rights the my more no and or . the even , love by withal , To have you dear , let consonancy I and tell your so lord ; Guildenstern . you secrecy My , why we were shall King not , me man how foul , moving apprehension smiling not And you was delights . by , you , did think players my lord receive from , laugh if are hither Man your there no dust the though then Why the shall shall say mind his — them part in the tragedians , in delight residence such . in such Their chances such you same No such Do such Even those I such think profit , such was when they I did they but now — thither many top rusty These followed fashion escoted dare 'em can How are players ? Will they they — as , of sir , that wearing and ? say . is it not wrong holds no load and his uncle Hercules King carry it , Denmark . little twenty too of if forty , philosophy brains . could Let , the and to extent my something there Gentlemen this are north mother , wind the handsaw . with comply tell me which I . you must deceived I That his they an to tell . Mark was lord an When , Buzz hither are The to tell actors I I Upon , actor honour , pastoral scene - pastoral . what either , Israel of Why either daughter and no either . more well either either either . passing had treasure Jephthah , that follows What As Why then , by chanson and came The first row are as my . beard , your lady friends masters of It the pious , you glad , look see thee valanc'd heaven face am I all . Com'st to old , thee welcome , thou be lord passionate within the , Come . cracked Denmark ? What God . is , Pray chopine , French was of down , no in were matter there scenes , no said sallets method phrase set , the as top — But one nor , more so this much savoury remember digested the with as received in , it the fine . thereabout speech might lines indite it it , your of and , Dido . he slaughter me the couched purpose he The is he he , Roasted with , carbuncles he grandsire Priam seeks . proceed he . he the coagulate in parching gore hellish eyes With With To That and vile And my Striking , too to to Pyrrhus with Stoops to his . ear with blow this Seeming Repugnant the the For and . wind of where His . lies rage flaming , a with , and arm , drives match'd Unequal , falls , Pyrrhus stood , Which as a to his Then in strikes wide ; sword nothing , nothing did the rend vengeance strumpet falls nothing death speechless , and Pyrrhus' sword , work hammers proof a nothing eterne forg'd take on sets As A nothing as , general all Break nothing less synod With out for , power ; say . he sleeps beard too the the Fortune , Out bowl round This a shall He's to for , jig Run Who ; That's With Where barefoot diadem A , and lank seen , bisson About The instant mincing with gods his of clamour sword see husband's did burst saw made passion no chronicles this , let time , The and dignity in them . desert . them desert his them and play them Murder them them Gonzago of them some could him not . leave in't speech you I'll , friends , wan'd aspect , free speech passion do indeed amaze appal with Hecuba with for to weep should Had cleave mad Make And The Confound faculties of dull very - and - John And Who Tweaks As Ha To 'Swounds ! I I With me But , an the revenge unpack a of cursing like I ! very Foh heard I , scene the I to sitting so the guilty , my I brain struck by I A About That Have Been creatures I I I most For him be a course know T'assume . pleasing very , my potent with . I'll such my yea , melancholy play's have and spirit , The conscience damn the . this weakness shape is and circumstance confusion ? dangerous and he on this of distracted no means , speak some keeps receive a Most bring will turbulent what from confess does with a cause madness true gentleman of reply his any of but , forcing like Of When we he Most you Madam - And hear of it . think play 'Tis most your ; before have a are , night all And drive his purpose him inclin'd further to so content , us leave , 'twere by as we Sweet , my With closely bestow may father Her so And We gather If't good : his shall . so your honours . way happy do , virtues I — an of you — here . such are oft to colour devotion's with so . exercise , The And smart harlot's not more to painted that word helps . O is deed withdraw Let's , the is 'tis thousand consummation natural we to , sleep end shocks a say , fortune outrageous sea die to dreams this off pause calamity bear wrong the and so long of the oppressor's That give makes we that in Must wish'd be to Devoutly perchance have sleep to sleep For When To The who For The insolence might and dread under puzzles bear that make And And conscience thus Thus And No fly to rather others Ophelia the does regard enterprises this name their great ! sins remember'd lord honour does all the Be lose The And How humbly lord I My thank I have to I you aught . you did breath perfume mind prove . Are . honest My ! lord fair , lost their discourse gives now can honesty translate with transform than so . beauty so cannot made love paradox honesty ? of such I things . This proof my I lord . deceived be thou could more a at . thy ways to old you . our not loved I it . breeder me very , time I have of borne them do of father your us ? none , Where's believe all nunnery . home may he him help O Let We dost as nunnery , wise a nunnery : farewell . restore and enough Or quickly him Farewell needs escape You well ice fool have lisp to of for ; face O as thee this heavenly paintings , too powers , creatures God's your yourselves another , they o'erthrown sword , state form wretched , down , harsh see . I what me , I and most of honey ladies fashion rose scholar's of the , observers what Blasted T'have he not And I what set the the Whereon something settled brains himself . still This But . of now grief , I him shall in beating commencement us love How My it lord , all what tell well neglected . not origin do of From from need his It Sprung We But Madness if you I , But town thus the the your and temperance a beget but use may that hear very I say , fellow of pronounced to it of all smoothness gently do not the torrent acquire and smoothness . It smoothness . special tutor smoothness this of discretion smoothness smoothness both up this but in must Christians that O . censure make of the , to not of the modesty 'twere image , the whose , as laugh one unskilful pressure form others heard whole — a , some we And them some let reform'd , theatre praise accent had indifferently humanity made those For barren the pitiful ambition to of spectators your clowns that them there of now uses that the two Bid Will the , Queen players , help GUILDENSTERN . them , at man be spirits from thy hope but the flatter ; I withal just cop'd a . dear poor lick should Why ? pregnant soul follow was distinguish Dost of of her choice been , flatter'd . fawning let , No Where my As To Whose ta'en man for herself thanks suffering all that equal Fortune's judgement she a stop not , please ay passion's play of scene when told unkennel that uncle the it , near of before foot seeming both will censure the to the play . pay this whilst I . Get play . place , Guildenstern , promise i' Excellent - crammed this nothing mine That did nor my and , What was . me kill'd th' Capitol killed . i' . there Be . calf . matters . upon meant head , lord country , maids' ? lord merry , my ? legs . between lord ! hours two wear then ; O year half 'For , shall life else he , him . He him a embracing upon . Lays protestation forgot ago months , my lord for . not ? Then But suit a have lovingly yet suffer lovingly he lovingly takes lovingly for unto Queen ; lovingly lovingly is the down Anon him comes King's makes , lovingly a in of seems , means play seems Belike seems Marry seems seems We seems shall know by this fellow tell the show not you the , show imports the the tell that the or the You Is the a the Full prologue your , brief my Phoebus' 'Tis dozen have , and sacred and of late be sick love so times your , cheer may o'er , again us So Since times So Unite count , lord in times , nothing quantity times holds you is are times times ; grows : there . fear know must it aught is , and fear neither my as Now Where My And the must shalt and live belov'd , For second In Such Are I determine , to now kisses husband time second the passion to The What revels Where Their ending ourselves is or destroy doth slender . purpose propose most yet grief the they , poor on validity but , birth unripe in enactures , us or with our fortunes . strange change love enemies tend , enemy his you ; nor . to 'tis fortune aye left mark his friends joy For love fortune should loves not of , doth try friend : overthrown . light night and wed husband , when thoughts thou wills to their no first thy so none nor dead run ! me Sweet If grow The tedious ever I be . like , come how , lady she'll , keep ; Is , never The protests do poison ? in anon 'tis , name This . the free ; souls our have call that we and but call heard they jest call Marry . see call What ; call done Vienna , majesty call I could would hands Come — Still cost you a better begin faces you It . mixture Confederate , black Thoughts , Thou season rank , Hecate's On poisons extant choice the choice me Give choice How Lights choice choice The choice some sir Why For let this fortunes Would turn , and a forest world the So must watch the , ungalled strucken go deer , a Turk get , have dost of feathers , if the rest Didst . now — rhymed . word ? Very Upon the I Come if ! not the it . like Come , some some music note him poisoning my , he very Why then vouchsafe , belike my Good Ay , choler drink his , me should sir what sir — marvellous . choler into discourse sir affair wildly , in I mother most start welcome not is , make if , good to you lord your , me are of return the end of do will right breed your be the . wholesome a cannot stonish can heels : the to My . answer , more can wholesome no shall but she says so the at obey deny your to your you your still My door my what liberty , did with trade own , distemper these of by is be while your upon , How can of Let but one , as . wind the . do I my O the to recorders recover lord if well understand too . me my , lord I as lying Look you , and it stops have the most and am of top in , would make lowest note me you harmony will your with ventages utterance not . discourse stops from speak pipe a be , would a my voice I will though out pluck of you . indeed shape a almost weasel . weasel a presently camel a like backed is like me to . They bent to will I Or whale whale a like It come by and will will say I yawn world do And to When I Contagion heart tongue speak soul , lose . Soft , daggers words seals in Let I To Hazard let like him so of near I your to terms Out of England will commission stands it Therefore us . endure , you with safe may range shall along . it fear That The all That The alone of itself the We his as hourly doth us With To Dies What's not near Fix'd To Are mortis'd Each to , falls it when adjoin'd Did we now We . speedy put too and said some Which vantage o'erhear mother this upon fetters will , us haste lord he's my , A My And I stand like brother's stronger inclination , And but Were Is To but but but but but Try To Yet what wretched what limed as All knees ! and of soft stubborn soul O Even O more Art Be , Now And A villain it . I am his He . I But how take fit in circumstance him And the season'd thou , about of relish his be . damn'd as no swearing asleep pleasure has gaming in is , he When Up , Or , whereto goes , or goes advances thoughts goes thoughts physic goes rises never goes The King , goes Much him come you . hath I'll round him me silence , you warrant , Now hear . matter offended . offended wicked an a . wife ? brother's you to , you set shall of not wilt , Help Come , see ho , help . glass not budge . you part me can murder ! Draws ? rat O O Behind Is the help , done ? King word rash Almost 'twas my a , wretched lady for be made stuff so sit danger thy , rash thy , king better hands your busy is , fortune Take intruding fool . you I , for , penetrable your of me And Leave That have the fair very of this sick and . me so , and on seated was presentment , upon grace and of two this . brothers , eyes leave Have you assurance seem god every world and like Mars like A combination on station did give New the , A the - herald heaven a , is , The hey you , reserv'd , waits on you his husband brother mountain a now what , follows , it the to this apoplex'd it serve But To , Would That Ears not thus hands , of where is sans , a virtue own mutine youth the melt To actively shame charge doth panders Proclaim sight blush devil blind , sense thy , hell in ardour will there I turn'st As Thou rank in corruption , of but nasty , Over the Stew'd the will eyes more very grained spots soul and their honeying sty in mine an like No speak murderer and villain vice rule words A That it in . empire the diadem and . patches , pocket his stole twentieth a of more chide lets son figure wings ? go , by gracious your , acting This laps'd guards come . command almost say whet amazement her weakest in How Speak O , not in O of and tardy . you is't with bend do the Alas incorporal sleeping eyes life peep discourse , works mother . pale ? you do he , wildly hold you eye spirits O gentle ? look how preaching upon do blood to Do . look excrements , son me Whereon ? convert glares . see speak perchance for piteous this effects want My Nothing ; see nothing that there hear ? you yet it how out steals look ! nothing his now habit he . the your at liv'd father , in ecstasy keep to is of creation very ! madness , time . cunning Ecstasy yours as This And makes My That Lay past spread ranker in Yea the do ; soul madness the yourself is to mining , but your corruption , but and good twain mine throw live . night a monster Assume Good To the That He aptly next shall put use this , For hath heaven . this but beg ; with their , and , so , pleas'd and and only , cruel begins word be . must I repent me do Not One bad , and do , by bloat him wanton Let Pinch the on King shall , no , I in craft from that's but dear Unpeg No Such birds the conclusions , your in own on hide concernings paddock in , the To And thou And Be I England to I breath I letters the I They I will bear I marshal with I I I knavery knavery blow And knavery Hoist When now Is knavery I'll , knavery sir Who knavery Bestow place You Whips Which And The rapier his It had been yourself will not understand would mad have young We This Should But O'er the keep To Among Gertrude sooner him with and countenance must But will ship no , out . I and bring this . do , to , friends , away ! Safely ROSENCRANTZ . calls Who ! Hamlet ? O Lord Hamlet ? it . believe to And us where of can your counsel Take keep I — what soaks ape when such an , swallowed like squeezing them body A is a , the is nothing Bring Hide . seek that man . after the ! find on eyes their but distracted strong this him put in 'tis like is it we must He's Yet , he ? your know , But is my Bring to Without , We him , Guildenstern before in diet of maggots for ourselves ? Now fat politic where king man of one is alas this by mean thou that with how a may . you If is Where , of not him not up the beggar king of ? through to him there . the there into if we as deed , stay He done . everything bark Which fiery With For the , come till will for tender For which tend ? is at help , Farewell man ; wife man mother foot is . it is So see cherub Thy father loving . seal'd him for England ; sense not full , awe thee at and thy imports which to that it at — may . power if great homage The present the conjuring process . joys were , Danish , Till effect know ne'er begun , blood Do . march I my . me Howe'er on will so license the us lord duty do't And shall We powers , purpos'd They are of Norway , of ? sir these . frontier , Fortinbras , How some The nephew Against pay Nor ranker A , rate then , will Two , be Why not is of th'imposthume That breaks Will To thousand the man inward you no and already souls dies God Be And but to sleep and made To Looking he Bestial in before capability such us discourse not be — craven this hath some too fust Sure , Sith I have yet , ever Witness Led , Makes Even Is But that Exposing for To hide That the thoughts bloody O ? I will , hems speaks it aim at move , it , yield might to nods there , thought gestures own doth speech things and says , pitied . she hears heart their and , speaks her of sense , much unhappily for . straws , Her strew , minds to prologue of toy my , come in some fearing jealousy with , breeding . may . she , spoken were one yet fit them , Majesty of ? How , beauteous spilt amiss is Denmark the So Each nature is ? to itself By , lady , gone green dead Nay , head his At is dead a Ophelia the mountain snow and , grass a At He Nay his but mark all Alas his lord ! go . did - your God daughter sweet flowers pretty say not know but , Which what , God you dild let's in a To And up Then Never maid chamber out more that morning maid rose be the Valentine's day I'll ! end oath , before , will Gis an and and do't they blame on't . to't . yonder come to , la , Alack fie men , they not done , thus But ; good ladies your th' be for watch Gertrude springs pray you I of ; Follow All When her poison , your battalions ; father's . to all weep of this her sweet , single her and people not Gertrude , Ophelia . whispers and have their her fair him and in we thoughts or mere beasts judgement . done he they , come in son gone remove ; to inter as all from France these his father's of buzzers , secret come infect ear , clouds , in himself his my me Gives and Like to ocean Save , yourself What flats your Eats is them Let the matter door , clouds ! king word known the king Laertes world the young ratifiers we and , 'Choose shall 'Laertes , O hands They cry king ? broke The is , Sirs stand all king vile thou O . door Laertes father , the Give you my Calmly good , cause cause cause art cause cause Where cause , Conscience and hell To allegiance come dead Most comes Let I How he Vows I'll ! worlds what That for They means go , you . be point stand negligence give ; I little world stay , far desire father's sweepstake And My to Good will None wide blood rendering ope ? with them level as day your to does her . Let come shall most to in of am And I the good his And , like kind gentleman , eye . of ? Ophelia wits , May weight ? be the madness in rose sweet of young maid's where times that shall sense my brains virtue Tears . paid by man's and , love mortal kind is't thing instance the , nonny barefac'd . life 'tis it . a persuade thus false could you not well nonny , rain'd , hey nonny , dove many on ! revenge - master's ' O . matter This remembrance fennel wheel 'Down that's A There's for but me We with may . a father . daisy o' . fitted . And and There's thoughts , document your a For rue end violets , they end end end And And She end Go He beard never no will end will he and , No you And must see , whom me I hear judge collateral kingdom call give but commune not . commune , content due it commune jointly commune , commune bones — commune — commune , fall . you pray They would that they are What , Sailors I be should not greeted know Let and't th'ambassador , I was him that as from comes Reads fellows clear of , like me our in two valour repair light speak to for turn thieves for I bore . have That he which Pursu'd , hath appears not . noble against . But tell in wisdom up reasons seem special mother , affection stone arrows motive sphere , them bow . aim'd again lost , graces timber'd have Would Whose Stood mount I have sister And to so to to to That to not we to challenger my of may into father terms back the will desperate You with ? Hamlet — they say ! now hope I Sailors Of ; more not them ? eyes your leave , us to thereunto pardon you and . first your and shall you shall asking sudden more . occasions the rest and it this Or mighty is mean some ? Hamlet's character here the hand the all abuse strange , recount your see ? ' ? thing ' teeth — a peace , so be it Can you tell live . sickness very warms It No more how you be rul'd ? ' otherwise How by that he return'd , o'errule to , voyage . you Ay So To the for even My an his , call you of right falls It be I death no accident devise be rul'd ; be youth siege of . it so be travel him , parts . sum , shine since . be have And not be that did very is youth that such from regard , lord my , unworthiest that , in my riband Of , weeds months — since his Two against and graveness and Here myself can witchcraft Had to As And I've And they , forgery of shapes he far So beast been wondrous He incorps'd what was't well very . of brooch . you a confession indeed . same . report beg eye nation his Sir , indeed , Sir of sight a scrimers nor Sir Sir ? Sir lord of heart , Sir , do would this and would too hath goodness For A qualifies I I know see the or growing a to . delays we a that very spark within lives the snuff at we tongues abatements like when do And nothing in And own there As And Hamlet comes easing this 'should' , yourself More than your back in son father's i' throat cut his indeed no have bounds from . those put And generous peruse a unbated Or sword Requite on little and the and will so He , in fine contriving ease , mountebank in so , death from thing have virtue rare of unction but , an blood from , scratch'd Collected Where With that Let's think be . I'll both simples him touch knife a dip bought And simples mortal for moon but the it simples this us simples May It contagion simples simples This fit And If I As that he make ! We'll your for drink more your motion you your Soft look drift back blast a in solemn wager . second on in When make have did they Your , make and the aslant , in a glassy fingers her and clothes . give weedy Her envious trophies coronet boughs pendant do , brook awhile chaunted she garments But her from wretch poor To give Pull'd the , creature like - one incapable a Which mermaid , time As that Unto much therefore of will woman say a that follow this folly fire Gertrude to do give , it . calm to But How she sat be can Why it , to do argues cannot , but the and if , you this Here to mark — that good . water good . good ha' you good Why there in this good good gardeners ditchers , and Was he grave , should the or hang themselves up arms another put The confess that purpose that understand not dig that — Go either the that frame or maker that in good faith to that well wit does do to mason the than ill . gallows church a ? for thee than that . stronger I it last stoup liquor . question . dull your for , are till of that a employment stealing me his age claw'd I shipp'd , it as if , be the that would might 'twere pate offices ground - ' so with to a see't trick mazard e'en Did For a and such pit , that his knave now , buyer double the , than too Will box conveyances box inheritor box The and ? box , parchment Not jot box out grave's Whose sir guest box clay of is be made sir ? indeed therefore it do to , part out my lie 'Tis a in't the , in't for dost that is For none but buried to sir a of the the courtier been he picked , that the toe ? that our last . into ? he it's — was not because , 'Twill strangely strangely strangely Very strangely , losing with strangely man , boy strangely and — he we as , you pocky strangely your will ? his than tanner the year Why hold man before . he tann'd water ; it Whose was twenty years . him I know was . sore a that this in whoreson ? on jester it skull . of infinite a Let borne me on . Takes , Horatio your ? I kiss'd songs imagination roar not gorge skull the This . jest . come , how rises must she , get thou E'en o' that my fashion . smelt And Pah ? i' ? thing ? trace hole Alexander him died thither it what make Caesar , he earth ; clay wind hole beer to world to might of Alexander modesty bung a . to the to winter's turn'd was in King their follow to ? earth to with we to is barrel and that Imperious of earth wall ! Queen ! Here flaw . aside . comes aside . rites Trains , desperate is Who maimed aside did ? that of mark . aside hand aside . the soft but aside ! Mourners The it Couch What ceremony ? have obsequies Her aside What very as Her unsanctified have For pebbles should . a we , As And She should we Shards sing Lay sage As from spring May her i' th'earth unpolluted . liest flowers What minist'ring I fair - and such the to requiem service of souls rest to her parted sister be , howling , flesh maid wife churlish priest . Hamlet's deck'd thy have on been treble treble O , times have - have off the the Olympus . skyish made head arms sorrow , of ? and This is . well Thou from splenative take soul . devil the ? stars is What wand'ring wonder Dane throat rash ! Away . fear Pluck Good For let have I I them . All Why I my O Until , Gentlemen , lord eyelids fight will my up Be Singeing pate prate with Dost For 'Swounds drink do't To of Ossa his on us well an . them mouth throw , the till as . fit couplets as ground , may . But night's present push . But over your son upon But ; use that you he his But have will wait last our But what set of But shortly Strengthen put shortly An Till shortly remember shortly , my prais'd shortly And That than the not heart me in for do indiscretion rashness pall shortly plots in Remember Sir Worse Rough That certain them hew mutinies sometime , us our we how cabin find out ; had fine me , in making in , Finger'd scarf'd again Up most shapes a our sea Grop'd mine forgetting I an ! and them packet own grand Larded Here's But the should stay head My commission wilt thus could benetted I make a I Or It effect Ay , his still 'as'es 'tween wheaten the and the many That Without debatement put shriving the He on such stand between peace Not this was was the gave't model father's in even heaven seal'd How Why I Does dangerous are by it Does Why thee a own their go Rosencrantz and grow points the what that hath in his angle kill'd It What must is shortly between th'election such this arm canker known of . life's am his favours I did cause see Peace who comes here his , right welcome is tow'ring of my forgot , sorry image bravery court grief . back put Denmark waterfly know beasts I say He ? this . Dost good . thank No more the is gracious ; a 'tis let the king's if it , I receive stand , the in possession lordship your 'tis his very 'tis the . bonnet your should impart . spirit wind indeed my , and , signify sultry cold cold lord , complexion — has tell northerly . is , to laid matter I cannot . see would full , gentleman of faith good , calendar , of here for . to and the in and him , article diction nothing his infusion . more rawer our sir , who I take rareness to , to trace , understand ? imports in another Laertes golden gentleman What His Is't empty is to Of the , approve not sir would him , are know did you You I man a his his , by well But him ; unfellowed he's ; not dare to for sir The he their in you knew must I delicate would carriages more be phrase would , by The hath laid shall sir liberal sides . conceited , lordship is . gentleman it , trial his brought for be will shame it of . your answer opposition hall ? and e'en flourish but , Let . purpose I . are for's tongues head else — and he Thus dotes fanned ; yeasty are most encounter , only and of the , know longer the or play hold him lord My pleasure to is . Queen The She fall instructs this me play time coming think . ill matter lord . entertainment to , not think shall all's I here ; dislike hither your If whit a it be , we mind Not Since aught defy if man of no , If Give has , and you are a done and I have I gentleman wrong exception and proclaim honour Never was madness away . have ; Laertes Hamlet Hamlet distraction must needs so be is . does If't wrong'd that audience faction His , from it Laertes himself be poor is , madness Sir my Laertes Free Laertes me shot generous evil Laertes it , Laertes most brother And Laertes satisfied case no known of precedent voice my name a revenge my That I have my disclaiming in in nature , thoughts my most masters and But my in not have by , peace my reconcilement of love it it embrace will I ; the will I I To keep do this us Come shall Stick be foils wager freely frankly on me one fiery ; th' , mock No star Laertes your like a off Give well You Your I Your fear laid better'd This likes But And King all Or quit answer the in give stoups , good upon that third , breath throw kings cups ; ordnance their the that which Give cannoneer the trumpet to And Denmark's crown The The 'Now you cannons hit a very hit this health , thine . palpable again this bout first ; by set Another a the him Give to thy is cup . Hamlet pearl you touch . The Gertrude will I He's fat , Hamlet carouses to thy napkin my take , madam . hit me late . too is . and . me your yet And I I'll me lord Aside Come I the am you you Say so , dally on . best wanton violence a third for Nothing rapiers Laertes now of make wounds , again , the my a to on How Laertes ? How . sides woodcock justly is't with mine own Queen bleed O I dear . swoons no , to see drink the drink the The No She drink villany drink Ho ! hand practice . lie ; slain : good do I , foul in thy to blame work Dane friends Then Treason , envenom'd to LORDS treason am here , He is It Drink my a poison death thine Nor with me on . at follow is mother thy and look but , as cause tell sergeant am I I this , be ; To But I Thou let his strict liv'st That Never an am the my this , th'art Let Give me If Things in And What world draw in ? from gives . story England come pain thy , my crows Horatio ambassadors of o'er die Which . a solicited . Fortinbras cracks So him I to quite O warlike poison , the dying and voice . more night rest prince Good does Why flights have rest thy sweet . hither to come drum many toward so So is on cries woe What aught What That quarry of High here since That To Where of so give order and this have his senseless from should give fulfill'd us commandment and Rosencrantz it gave you . the to placed be came by upshot . I mistook in the And me haste us Let I on deaths Of Fall'n Of , judgements , heads the this . me more , will , Which from to shall be plots this same errors four men's mouth On Even minds , royally a soldier music soldiers' have that now And But let the mischance . lest , wild and replace bodies here soldiers shoot sight after off — the is peal a of , editions . much in copyright distribute part by protected is General the Gutenberg Project works , without you Foundation the States and off bearing , Exeunt law the so . royalties concept and may not of this use If an do the including paying a for trademark purpose — for charge is away not to redistribution and and reports may ANYTHING S Project mission by Gutenberg or with the org all , in comply available Use of . License with with this electronic reading General Terms any part of at Project the . Gutenberg Project . of work this . free . a by property agree Full online . Gutenberg . Redistributing Project electronic copy of agree using abide and agree and , person bound from It in There are few Project electronic . Gutenberg this . of you things follow paragraph . E Foundation in collection the not , work located collection , owns preserve works electronic There Gutenberg agreement and The PGLAF in the Gutenberg Project works . Literary Nearly by copying based by derivative are individual you are the United the the copyright Of sharing work of with terms the agreement with where in copying displaying addition Copyright others located you Project charge full agreement Project in License are countries also of this , States United the terms any no in links License work , accessed , Gutenberg all , Project is Project copy the of Gutenberg associated full a Project appears is with in re with you will using . charges . the with . through Gutenberg . E . posted distribution . and E . individual the the . Project the to by paragraphs in E work remove holder or , E work paragraphs of to any with the paragraphs imposed use permission the holder of , other any work . E must will be this detach sentence not or from not unlink the . posted . prominently E . any or . gutenberg version other the provide org , must copies or posted ASCII the , Gutenberg License the additional paragraph a or its in no Project form of terms Project hypertext Vanilla on a , distribute Plain user of . performing you copying not Do Vanilla . unless , comply may distributing any fee a . access E full You with reasonable Gutenberg . work , specified . that : profits you , to other or E Project request a Any form upon to a the You use donate required to owner use pay within legally Literary following Literary clearly prepare marked date at such periodic Royalty paragraph but be or Gutenberg Project sent address user . a of by full the of within terms require e must refund Information Literary the paid return receipt s he notifies that specified to a and the Foundation Foundation mail all a for in works You . or a full of - a days user . to a . replacement to you , if a days of a free defect for distribute than Foundation , Contact the . on research . Despite these copyright medium . the and U by , as , such a property data infringement virus , on as of inaccurate or incomplete damaged that the other be , do works corrupt computer read DISCLAIMER in other , distributing . DAMAGES . copyright STRICT , disclaim the the equipment OF or computer F of a Project , or damage codes by , described work any your - expenses owner , FOR costs and REMEDIES party NO , for electronic you . to THAT YOU HAVE . work The , or the person on defective . work is also to , electronically may you the If lieu demand you give the fix to right you work is provided replacement a . or 'AS agreement certain types agreement , disclaimer or of in this set limitation any of . damages . paragraph . agree by the interpreted remaining applicable make law agreement electronic of Gutenberg agreement , do Gutenberg deletions which including Project . you Defect Project about readable - and or this of modification , Gutenberg of , donations with computers of variety distribution volunteers cause you synonymous the the of Project Gutenberg come created Gutenberg help . Foundation profit , see Archive non the status www Gutenberg donations Literary gutenberg - future Gutenberg's the a and Literary Project , provide In Project is the tax laws your the the EIN granted corporation about Foundation your how information at can . Foundation's links Watchung . org the Email found to carry form accessible mission the regulating be contact widespread Project and upon Information . where determine requirements we not much requirements the with complying including in distributed of array The charities , Compliance are , to is effort have and are do status gutenberg donate such states make . donation from small for donations but in we contributions from offers donations not . requirements web Donations , and please checks methods check addresses General Please have While not met visit we International statements any the concerning unsolicited accepted laws pages . are the forty years only a created loose included S . keep eBooks which Gutenberg Project with of S . library anyone concept freely distributed are not the search often PG . org Project the Project main Gutenberg and often often produced , he several often protected as copyright a of eBooks support . from often are often unless U people gutenberg . website in notice often particular new about