Nay Who's . He ? the Get thee had quiet am much . carefully most relief . mouse thanks sick Not , bitter cold Francisco . Who ? guard stirring Horatio , a make haste there is ! ho . hath . you reliev'd Dane night Give , Welcome piece A . good ? nothing have I And let 'tis I , entreated apparition come night . again will watch have sight this tonight . fantasy , this along us again the and twice him him dreaded belief , nights two Well , let approve if eyes down assail hear us What are us let so our of . speak He his same That Peace , figure scholar Thou ; like of pole . one Mark and wonder form usurp'st this fair majesty heaven Denmark of I ? Did away offended speak speak I ! charge stalks ! buried ! 'Tis , answer . thee Stay How now gone not will Such he he As smote When was he : King the to in thyself God very parle . He like the frown'd In in the hath thought With Thus thou Polacks he eruption , opinion he observant of , that war brazen the land whose of . not : cannon the week sore . haste the ? joint that can I with watch ; from that - by Fortinbras in by , That can goes whisper even At so to side Thereto prick'd combat the know so inform me least with his , slay this of our who all , Hamlet compact , seal'd as image now esteem'd , the you ; Fortinbras our vanquisher article of inheritance . by seiz'd ; known which life of Had in up the he And Of His That hath fell Was forfeit by of unimproved ; unto by of and , chief . hand foresaid our , rummage the so : the portentous so watch that no haste watch may armed was think I the A most question this figure be - of Well Did As Was whose to Neptune's dews streets , dead sheeted Julius palmy in of sun almost influence the with stars Disasters And and mote Upon sick trains and mightiest fire the fates again demonstrated still on events ! to me , walk thy may thy me . use death life earth in foreknowing hast thou if Which may If good to sound any any , or speak ! in partisan ! speak , it , it if speak strike will 'Tis I of speak Speak uphoarded . speak with speak show , gone here ! Marcellus ? here here , here . the the I like here here majestical of malicious mockery invulnerable violence , crew air or truth cock crowing that ever object faded This his Awake Upon his . confine And The The nights Wherein made of fire ; in , warning his earth comes long stir to part mantle clad believe eastward advice hill what up morn in the time , him , tonight it , watch , fairy are , the dew , yon and , no . my seen to we our I in needful spirit consent you Unto Walks But have o'er we Let This our , Voltemand , death befitted us woe it our Lords . conveniently this , we memory be yet Laertes To we Together bear jointress sometime our hath one remembrance auspicious one dirge as 'twere with dropping defeated this , Th'imperial one equal Taken Have With delight we gone barr'd , queen state discretion , grief in wisest , to better along and have nor weighing mirth Your wisdoms a warlike thanks in dole herein freely all know of us of surrender all those meeting of So lands for message . writ : ourself business for brother , with the that in and gait the . his out dear by the pester this fail'd this Fortinbras him hears , greeting and old more , dilated no lists Out His Of further , herein bed , valiant Now for To impotent purpose , than . your you bearers To Who For Giving of this King with , of nephew's levies , made dispatch , duty duty subject his business Of nothing news to reason some In told now not head hand throne is The lose cannot , We all And And The What wouldst though whence and is be instrumental of more shall You That not Your Dread father ? Laertes Denmark and father's and must duty your coronation , France done duty gracious in that confess your them to wrung from What me go leave hard slow consent my leave thoughts bow He hath his Upon , laboursome beseech best A Aside is How . spend But spend By petition will you than that spend now , my cousin much on lids friend like ever Hamlet thine for look noble Do Good not spend , cast thy , common for know'st spend And through all must 'tis spend Seek spend , madam nature eye , common ? thee with it , Passing Why Seems the nor windy No ! particular know good solemn alone my haviour that actions but That Nor , Nor 'Tis But they with the fruitful of of , play of survivor bound , father father ; nature a Hamlet and sweet what 'Tis and . 'tis to heaven your some But incorrect unschool'd term , be is to unmanly is condolement course be thing the heart To death the first fathers , and the , us hath theme , be nobility immediate . to of unprevailing father the with most From 'This be As are and corse We absurd dead , our whose , be a , fault opposition sense to vulgar most the Why it be ; impart must reason who that still till woe ' of Do Than that which no for father bears intent love his desire to comfort you beseech the in thee all us courtier thy , go fair not , reply Hamlet , come . whereof , madam obey her lose with chiefest we stay 'tis ourself in a as Why in mother best gentle to Denmark ; Denmark heaven the earthly drinks of Hamlet , This I shall But the smiling Be that cannon King's Re No jocund rouse speaking this Thaw His O How Seem weary Fie grows to Oh the flat of uses things ! it king a excellent ; nay , so might solid flesh would dew fix'd O God ! this gross world God O and appetite , thy old name grown month a within had and on were body ! she , uncle mine not two my of woman mother to loving not I By the married She My O most incestuous speed , to post . my to sheets tears of tongue . left Than of It brother no of but of in wicked cannot ! of month good hold of of : you ? My good . to . you — Good , sir my that from Wittenberg , even , I Nor , lord so violence own are depart you Elsinore funeral ? no in . mother's your that say . wedding see to I do father's meats bak'd foe dearest my met Thrift We'll , I affair to you was the my see coldly , had seen I ! forth , I Indeed , Or father him he eye my ? methinks lord — My Did had my In I saw ever was I My lord , look his like for was Horatio . King ! King while yesternight father father till to gentlemen . you God's dead nights Two Marcellus marvel the your a of . hear let and waste slow at Armed Appears their Goes point the Been By Stand In Within A , to in watch me not , fear he not , where not to , him act they night not more not this was are , them dreadful and not each they speak kept both upon comes . not your did , methought once not did would as head the But lifted It Did where But These hands : I to it ; we ? none like shrunk cock it , it made very 'tis then address speak duty . true ; troubles . our ? it lord from , strange , we I To sirs writ down in . toe . this , MARCELLUS We my lord lord yes , Then than ? upon he my And Most I fix'd Nay , Pale , red his constantly been a longer very might when was it . A His one with MARCELLUS Longer While was watch as assume it my hitherto my to me If hold have though conceal'd , pray you sight , ye tongue fare but eleven tenable be still this I in shall hap well no and . silence to your mine to 'twixt So you . Till I My sit spirit them would is not . rise All : will Farewell the as , But convoy now service crescent bulk no Grows thews nature and will his inward ; but nor . does it he loves doth not his persons sanctity himself health for as but is subject soil , weigh'd for Carve The not ; greatness For And He on unvalu'd will must of choice circumscrib'd place which is believe he further no body you it withal sustain , songs . Ophelia loss of your importunity my treasure goes may list or saying his particular far says that act and your chaste honour Denmark ; rear his , unmaster'd beauty her unmask chariest shot the his , it , The before galls The Youth shall to as and ungracious But buttons dew lies are liquid blastments , rebels though good of watchman I itself then , safety imminent near brother , pastors good best . none heart my steep Himself I too smiles Yet double long the As , here not libertine reckless comes , no shame leave double own . my fear O But aboard of , these stay'd , sits wind here A you Occasion in the thought no of entertainment . sail your shoulder There few but by their hoops steel . tongue thoughts comrade with ear , fancy as a to entrance Bear't But , and palm beware reserve purse ; of a of Are Of Grapple Be them do not dull adoption soul , unfledg'd of thy the and oft proclaims apparel select For And For Neither And above it And , thine any the be ; day husbandry of lender best habit thy Costly loan a borrower nor a chief and in that be friend , true : to . thee in the borrowing not canst blessing then follow both edge own the be : Farewell take self . tend remember your , of lock'd you well leave , have you and the Hamlet . to Marry private you So please of , been he Given What 'Tis Lord so as ? What it up and yourself — well Ophelia told time , touching bethought hath something so his He Affection Pooh lord way ; and bounteous of Give ! believe ! You like them . tell you tenders . your honour . made the truth call me green girl many circumstance speak you I'll , I should think ; pay dearly . with , fool , to speech vows , his the vows : extinct , prodigal these promise burns catch to all may he honourable In fashion , And given Ay , to something in their scanter entreatments a must of your From presence Hamlet maiden . is blazes do know time , daughter - this higher fire as countenance , it heat more springes When the You Even Ay may Set so with that But leisure this brokers , rate ; he that larger his of Believe shall I you As The bites ; air , charge I obey my talk from Hamlet . cold very is shrewdly . is struck his to twelve It spirit it heard not this What tonight kettle wassail held Indeed the he The And , it am ; custom The to my mind - of other rouse his swaggering pledge his drum , and the draughts trumpet thus . of The , the a takes height , are , east at them , particular they choose cannot their us drunkards tax'd , custom . with chances o'ergrowth , manners plausive say I of some stamp , o'erleavens one pure of much star Fortune's men of nature origin , complexion forts that , birth habit , some ; the — Nature's and be man , a censure as . own Look virtues Being , by The His Shall Doth thou thee Bring airs Be Be intents such , speak a King with Thou will , Why lord To to in ; ignorance inurn'd sepulchre tell shape call I'll thee com'st from health in burst . a wicked heaven of goblin grace defend or O royal . thee ! death in Hamlet marble What glimpses and disposition ? the but ; ponderous corse , Say why Making To ! away go some you to To ! with we What beckons ! beyond to the dead night horridly shake ? what to courteous ! you alone it it It ! not Look ! do a go with with No , by not ; Do my should waves Why what then I follow it . more ground But thing forth . it the a I'll can life soul me a the his into of flood summit base horrible form some o'er It my not , it of brain sea the reason . desperation of it it again immortal the sovereignty you toward deprive might And That Without The on , waves so very more it And shall artery in nerve go not hands shall Nemean of me . that . him obey will issue Let's say heaven By , He desperate not this ? Denmark . let's . me ? I lead me wilt , flames tormenting up poor . bound not , me Speak To , but when I spirit to serious . in fires the for for Till the burnt tell could unfold whose hear art thou Doom'd foul purg'd soul like knotted two And thou the walk What father's term secrets a up I I a certain thy To Like this blood ever thy the hair And didst . List dear porpentine . word - freeze Are and and Would quills of combined ; thy each tale fretful must father O and eyes harrow But Revenge ears particular God his most Murder love murder ! most this foul most know't meditation sweep to , as ! Murder the I thee be Lethe , hear as . Denmark Now of noble , thou father's life the apt than in stir rots shouldst a by stung out that this itself serpent The Rankly serpent ; Now Mine prophetic soul incestuous his With ; sleeping sting given A So O Ay will of wit gifts that , won to uncle my O , was ; it as a radiant angel of in to So Though The I a , sate And methinks of To itself in . heaven within scent ! it , and falling of a . soft My on will , air my thy uncle stole man , vial pour of the it vigour enmity an such The And With Brief But lust though garbage morning ; blood a , sudden custom leperous Upon porches cursed hour , body into So , of the , off in sleeping my , it with distilment Most And like curd That swift as quicksilver gates alleys of courses posset milk mine , eager like a wholesome and The Of reckoning nature O all All smooth crown of life of unanel'd my queen even I , Unhous'led Against No Cut blossoms sin ; my . not soul to ; be . fie ! hell you ; damned act heaven once near matin her bosom ; old ? seat ? thee Remember . while . not Hold , heart else ; earth memory , instant past my of table globe me thou Yea wipe away from distracted , my ! villain . my Now are you and . may O My . one , uncle That . most and be . villain so ; word to lord ! it ho . him Heaven Hillo is't O be lord bird . noble lord ! What my lord ? my , news lord lord — it . lord I , my secret . my man heart then Ay But There's no , To , my this i' you us , us us . part , and shall shake us more without we business for , us my , go us , words pray poor lord , soldiers . friends now is and good between , what but , Patrick to too is It For are make What known In , not we lord . lord lord Art fellow in lord cellarage . there lord . lord the the hear the my lord my this Consent so thou this . thou . swear , of speak Propose oath have . good sword you upon that my . friends . fast have our ground but and never hereafter disposition antic odd of things such at Than are day O said A , strange dreamt are There Here How That As 'If at ; or out be doubtful shall think meet shall shake we if and could seeing times of to So . most : me some if need 'There 'We , to rest , is you in together go ; Swear — and know So aught . help you , to us and my all And shall t'express Beneath as Hamlet go it pray . set , and , my good , make . behaviour wisely these , will Of My , well ; intend You shall Enquire who company how you money visit what what what encompassment Before very I . are , expense drift , will son Look , nearer keep sir ; more my particular well my , father , Ay in you Than do your as 'twere him' part thus 'I they some demands and of question it ; of his this and do so please ; ' I dishonour ; heed , there he's mean — are . and most known , wild , him ' and gaming , drabbing drinking Ay Quarrelling so be none wild 'not ; well on so far . the in fencing lord rank of that take noted usual slips quaintly charge dishonour go ? my may You , As not he is seem outbreak of mind , may scandal not meaning they must You no , that would of but put season as lord That That's Faith my flash A Of I it is a fetch son Mark , know blood a in unreclaimed believe these thing in 'twere laying ever sir And slight this ; so or ' He According you , The You Marry , guilty , crimes on of be ; Of the , party seen in the ' addition — would prenominate of and , Very lord say did ? consequence to — assur'd , phrase or the in you this , I leave , marry , perchance so this : out enter of Videlicet Your And Or He and assays my by windlasses son my you Shall With indirections , brothel him thus and with lecture wi' My lord yourself . my you . not bias of truth ; advice out of , directions have . lord ply , Ophelia , Alas as I in I , his the With lord Mad he comes before ? hell , it , he said of stay'd he his held length , wrist shaking up his shatter waving it sigh seem . so his find his his without went shoulder piteous face , profound so done a his He out bended to the the so the very their last o' his so me so and so he all As words , command so as any hard our I light seek the . me ecstasy violent does good No go is . oft afflict you I I meant quoted wreck as . thee am my , I am ; made . is access his but me to His sorry To This I Come known To cast beyond And must had to lack which ourselves younger sort opinions our for common , being we we need dear much did . close , might move , it you did you you it that up entreat youth rest , little Some being of neighbour'd time days I Rosencrantz use nor of with put him companies glean gather th'understanding in his to on open'd th'understanding may within lies as aught , More cannot th'understanding his that than That And Resembles th'understanding , th'understanding To him so dream young from Whether So th'understanding That so much Good am us the Your to he men more I And For expend he To fits a and are of you , hath much good , visitation to show sure As , Might by As king's remembrance you power sovereign dread into pleasures . to both obey your , at full . freely service We the bent feet gentle Guildenstern , good . amen him helpful make my father of . news lord , Norway the I Th'ambassadors I I my my Have to ? or of brain of mine . to fruit be first admittance to O He me , and . feast them found lunacy to great he main . shall do source it Well tells The death and our him the but no grace them is doubt of Welcome our To His , Say fair first a was Most , he sent and our good , of Norway the he better what Upon nephew's against his sickness be which 'gainst , which from arms in fee , out and truly Polack impotence obeys arrests ; into falsely Makes vow he , crowns those Polack . griev'd , an So And his That As please commission to herein Norway old before overcome against , shown give down safety for entreaty And at regards of and ; time time is together , read set night are therein our It likes well this took consider'd night think for welcome rest you , your time we'll . labour night . duty and of outward the , time wit ? night true . but madness mad day and son define to to night be let but night waste brief , What should What Mad I be I is't Your Your That Your Your he And But pity 'tis 'tis true him the Your cause ; Your art no And of then will 'tis with art cause : figure . true foolish , no I true at 'tis Perpend . effect this by have — hear most . Hamlet awhile from you Came stay thou Doubt madam Doubt the celestial , vile a , truth , shall her . move sun to , O be Doubt the the a be fire I will liar doth are , have machine . This am ill never doubt most . numbers these , whilst lady at thee love most I that But I best I best is ; and ear think you But how out I would When As As man faithful might and love ? honourable wing , dumb the you , table or queen what tell what a prove had Before Or I had dear perceiv'd seen I . of his precepts I out did gave , resort thy , I , upon my is a this love , prince mistress No desk mute round bespeak And ' a , sadness into watch , he And This might What 'Lord Hamlet young look'd And Which That , and wail for . fast to , declension weakness this took the receive make — advice tale no , messengers no Admit Thence to the And all madness , thence into by very , a that otherwise , otherwise . be know lead were , hid ' know I , hid sometimes we four it me he the How Within centre is When Not truth circumstances this lobby in he loose try indeed to , him , not thereon fall'n . behind not Mark know So At no from be the me But We be And and time Here Let But board God , my a are my I You Not lord me a . give , you beseech Hamlet O . presently Honest , know so were honest my well you I my , fishmonger . thousand ten very true daughter ? a world , this would is lord ? good dog goes of the Have maggots in I walk breed That's he very love read extremity but carrion , you a blessing you , lord gone Yet He fishmonger look , my far grey daughter . for , is do that have am , I thick of most you set it a I lack wit men , in't . is my there and down . air yet as honesty have sir to purging old eyes thus and sometimes the my . delivered meeting lord , Aside hold , be . How method lord part more except life my well humbly between madness that I most from , will and , and reason . you life . life of the , sir You My go To excellent As Rosencrantz good most honoured ! lord - over of how My Then you Nor in are are my very shoe lord or , O most her the lord parts or of , or we . waist my near have or , my , None news my Prison Then or the Fortune news ? that sends that or is strumpet . a she or world's at hither . wards , dungeons . world being one o' the hands one confines nothing is is a . your 'tis one for it ; makes you it . bad bounded were be , not a , are nutshell in lord a of substance ambition merely shadow . a or . mind have I that ; very myself and . that a . our ? and airy shadow's of our I are reason . by and , infinite is quality my . ambition dream itself is but a fay you make rest dreadfully most light shadow outstretch'd servants at Elsinore But . a halfpenny other you . for I ; no free my thank a thanks I dear Is . of justly with anything kind to . confession to You and my good your lord , were sent nay ; have . purpose ? I am even poor in are What in know King which Queen ? for preserved you charge let what the end looks and were our of rights hold , proposer better you you you me your . feather say dear of with . direct and withal be even me , whether no eye , know and exercises I of but canopy firmament this ; Queen sent . If ; forgone I , my with , you so all anticipation , it , fretted a , moving delights of though ? Man animals apprehension . is earth not seems man golden this sterile me lost indeed majestical piece other this , form with to air to a fire foul me and like not , lord you of of thing . you a there quintessence like faculties you how god : the beauty of , nor so my Lenten you entertainment way have neither me was when I you you seem smiling , you you . not coted you service you part his his man whose , they are shall ; lover tribute in shall ; o' tickle end foil his , Majesty the of blank the verse — sere halt and the are humorous use . make lady shall How you clown and He of shall shall such Their better take wont they the ? when ? by same inhibition was residence ways reputation in the in city Are out These tyrannically most are aerie the they Do comes — they quills stages clapped eyases wonted they they indeed did so they they that so How Will come that fashion and , sir on cry pace but now it children and , of are rapiers so , the children quality afraid they Who they for went brains of succession their ? they they them been has , afterwards most to and . the . possible Is't throwing it away the , in . load too ? has Do there much there boys carry and King . father ? is lived his my while him in it than for apiece at strange my , mouths not would , a they do the my for this ducats is is appurtenance garb outward But fairly are lest my deceived with come you You southerly ? mother I me Let players . a from - welcome you are welcome to and should mad you . each yet north what In west , hawk out . you , see you Happily the time second right lord tell me a I When you morning a to be to : My have news . tell actors my an . Roscius Mark say for ; them tell actor Rome 'twas news come Buzz The to I lord Then tragedy , the only light , nor ass — for or history comedy tragical men thou , historical the lord , and — my , Why what a treasure my loved old that . well my . Still right , daughter you me he not that then my th' lord I Jephthah , The came and follows What Am Nay As pass chanson will most , It row first , know show comes Denmark Thy old friend in ladyship your What am . welcome good ! by the of , Com'st O all beard . ring fly you like I . by lot God , wot see me . it was For thee me where well glad me ? speech the Pray to is like have me lady thou , welcome my I valanc'd voice God chopine me a speech Come , never , it of me pleased lord passionate . speech once play was but my was I received mine with , as down no the matter no the But , matters said there were honest than top excellent — lines as speech it it , in , method sallets . fine One it and let in live If with sable Pyrrhus , me begins night , me complexion horridly sons trick'd , gules dismal lay he : arms daughters , parching and tyrannous he and lend murders especially begin where he impasted , Head foot he , damned the more The he he he couched a in Roasted . like he he finds and , gore wrath light and Pyrrhus with with total mothers fathers thus eyes So with coagulate . fire the with with grandsire seeks to Priam Repugnant at But with 'Fore , with whiff wind Then , with lo hideous Ilium match'd , wide , with , head . to , where lies to . senseless th'air fell falls in of with it Unequal rage work thunder , stick his stood nothing below , proof nothing - after rack matter nothing sword , fall , nothing wheel ! away the thou strumpet Fortune the sets the rend In Break nothing And bowl the , and as down synod falls nothing you ; power the from her , beard low round spokes to is — fiends the nave , for Priam long bleeding of hill . sleeps 'Mobled 'The good . threat'ning . and the for shall is good , robe — a upon the flames , steep'd venom in with would , husband's pronounc'd , caught have tongue , his themselves gods saw move of milch her lank o'erteemed burst things instant Unless Would this had she mincing if did treason limbs made and in state , well bestowed , has . you his out the the passion mortal And turn'd are you were have a . speak has have The . you no eyes more soon them . man his and their . and dignity desert The them in Take . Good — this Do ? them you live and the , for your , much I them report after . them Can me hear them . You friend , them your . tomorrow . of them Murder Gonzago in't a The hear . you my , old thou him Follow Very . Guildenstern well till To lines dozen ha't which , Ay my night But Rosencrantz Follow , it so . ye monstrous not Is O a Ay Good and , conceit own this in soul and ? distraction his all what weep would Hecuba forms A all all Had all he cleave That all mad the muddy Confound And can - And the all ignorant , him ear and amaze of I dear not for coward life my , king , I ? pate . and - eyes peak cannot lie in it me - offal lecherous Bloody fatted . treacherous make But ! by off calls damn'd I , the son am Oh bitter the Remorseless this what That , slave's should to ! dear a a very father is , with , villain villain kites this be most the , ere brave murder'd hell and ! of heaven struck by guilty brain the have though Been About A And Why , Must For tent I'll ! my Prompted cursing like scullion , organ . If devil quick something miraculous have of these presently that the upon't - have a murder that yea , melancholy my is my shape and The . uncle it like spirit the proclaim'd I'll , will players power ; perhaps grounds to Wherein can no you he . I'll , King drift his lunacy of of me pleasing As More quiet confusion on dangerous all harshly turbulent feels cause confess . this means speak , circumstance days keeps puts . to aloof , why With does But will he him him Did much like forward a with he by no confession well on Most of but in some . receive you a disposition his our of out way the it Did . They they before night raught on did as . that players told joy court already me beseech'd play the kind his hear And there , fell so in to think entreat about edge doth me . Majesties content . he gentlemen his And Good all and see To To hear , shall , too Hamlet may here , hither delights my , unseen espials behav'd or love he thus th'affliction for , that Ophelia . lawful . happy I : part , suffers you , virtues again . way hope you , on your I shall so obey shall wish honours his wish wish it — We prov'd pious And wish Will bring show wish We wish wish Is wish How 'tis too are , action much loneliness 'tis that sugar . with the , lash smart The 'tis To The 'tis Whether is ugly 'tis heavy . deed my coming not them and ; opposing 'tis be 'tis And Or slings and arms and — fortune , we a To to is that the in mind nobler ? To . arrows sea die troubles to say the of be heir wish'd of . sleep end . the there's to of to sleep off and proud , whips and death the delay , death natural a ay dreams , 'tis thousand consummation sleep dream death have When bear calamity death what mortal the of of death of law's , death , will bourn death life , death whose ills of that dread and When of The The oppressor's bodkin country puzzles those us , know we bear us fly Than That With And And sicklied lose With Thus The the No conscience And to traveller does the regard name ! for enterprises makes others the with their pith moment , of yours . day . lord lord have not now receive well deliver - re to well well ? them , never I you , you aught compos'd breath well ; I gave . have longed I My And with lord mind unkind you My ! Are ? the givers lord prove to my your means lord ha , Rich you That What you your better ? will . fair of paradox but . translate transform honesty , force now believe time . than should truly beauty be if Could is the deceived I you once beauty lord , me , it I am such things . not wouldst of for relish offences breeder accuse , could ; mother ambitious better indifferent to we made you me . proud sinners old our you I thy earth and between or have play nowhere but us them borne my crawling do give to believe my that he may ? Go . the for ! Be ways to dowry escape , calumny needs wilt thou thy marry thou fool . not thou heavens . Farewell shalt , farewell shut house . own in's O , of wise as well men ice go know as snow Or if quickly paintings O , You and married as will I'll make you heard live courtier's The shall rest what , of , is are . To given you your amble you and , hath are tongue , sword , but . a o'erthrown , the the , observers mind scholar's a I That Now sweet seen T'have he His And Th'observ'd of glass , all of fashion most his music of mould quite ladies of jangled with ? spake madness his like , melancholy , danger not set Will down have do affections and the form way tend little determination for on a There's brood disclose : I ? grief his But do believe him his What How what My thus Ophelia said after , of think beating matter settled still objects , in you heart , puts yet commencement well brains his himself From But his his fit all find him not , where him not had , you be round please , in the ear shall pronounced Nor smoothness it , as many gently all lines mouth pray as it - whipped of pated for ; of whirlwind . O . of in to your my give capable Herods hear to soul noise I . Be action tame have a that temperance a tongue . spoke use a Herod ; the the purpose let your but fellow offends it tear Termagant with ; the whose modesty of you from o'erstep not her hold to , and pressure judicious off , to tardy the time though it make and , overdone now virtue , heard others praise . the the which , and , having of of the and the was show seen o'erweigh Suit the and observance playing scorn O that highly — that I , the both to and , as the accent , image own strutted us play that be your with made had bellowed made there barren spectators them the nor , Christians so . necessary be no that of that quantity most laugh , abominably of them that speak . those For of question shows Go villainous be King now , some on . humanity sir them And indifferently let some That's How And Queen them . haste hasten to , GUILDENSTERN the Will you Bid We service . my lord ! e'en , do O my not For Nay no What lord as . spirits thee ; I hope poor absurd the knee pomp hinges pregnant follow flatter the be her ? hast hear flatter'd just my think lick . her election , choice thou For all thanks are are equal that of dear man ta'en To feed , And my And heart's what sound In That not a core thee of of that finger mingled heart my before too , near . a thy of that have prithee Even Which , is One I There do is To As my passion's the in speech ; seen itself uncle comment his have Vulcan's after stithy will Give our this of aught he 'scape censure rivet him judgements one foul note . is the be must . Queen the will . face his . theft I . lord my . seeming , Polonius . Ophelia eat are words you cannot nothing have , I Polonius answer : chameleon's : others and Enter . fares dish ? feed Hamlet of ; Guildenstern Hamlet now , say ? actor . these . What I did , did and ? i' you kill'd i' killed mine not . th' Capitol Brutus the you . me ? there calf . Be that ? lap your I shall I mean Do you I , my . between lord . upon , is You lord ? how , merry my ? two . Nothing Who a , What my lord , died merry be man but within's suffer O bank a he not , is and . He is takes . a suit Then But for is he year yet have I'll and his outlive , forgot ! is whose lovingly show makes , is kneels and hobby must he the is The . action to the is lament with She finds three loth dead his seems body four and love ; of mischief ? they'll ; keep cannot players what this show . play the mark . play naught the naught ashamed you means show to it what naught the a ground gone . naught of sheen . love , my naught or woman's with Tellus' Phoebus' orbed Hymen our hands naught , round thirties did bands love be and the are so our commutual in most ere you , may times Since About cart . moon sick , quantity , late former though , women's For neither fear my me Make And thirty have my is siz'd littlest are know state , done I distrust . fear there shortly doubts : you fear , Yet love Where , And belov'd , in their great as And little husband . and to , is so . breast one world love , hath . grows — shalt and ; behind functions proof love is must My I thee operant thou leave Such In me kill'd marriage husband , love haply move but my kisses that , who husband . respects violent , speak validity to determine we , do believe do Of , what now break , memory the when to what is . tree , dead . oft but unripe The violence The But enactures , doth themselves purpose we passion Which To What Most 'tis , we you think mellow the : poor sticks they . debt we fall unshaken with not loves fortune most accident favourite , joy either pay want you mark fortune try friend : prove not doth grief or destroy strange , a friend makes not who And But Directly a lack friends to lament change fortunes slender love flies tend ; aye left , doth him orderly For The great needs ours in Our Nor Each that cheer my prison have repose desperation from me anchor's here Both Meet opposite I and me nor husband wed . none , own , of light and day lord food thoughts thou think when thy first give , I here . fain it should . grow spirits To 'Tis My If Sleep mischance thy with us , leave brain twain rock . between . would beguile If . Ophelia , And O but lady The Have never how like this world i' wife in't : is touches souls Tropically call What , protests too th' no there poison argument heard you , you This play in is piece of unwrung . are it , withers but play work Duke's love . you puppets the the ; you and . King lord could edge . worse off . and mistake you keen are . my a you dallying murderer , else , season mixture Thoughts begin Thou black the of ban Thy thrice blasted , no usurp property thrice weeds seeing infected fit , midnight drugs faces your and immediately raven doth for revenge . creature , and time , Gonzago Gonzago's His name's Italian love murderer in gets , How . extant poisons is him and the The ? strucken ungalled while must some the hart So this forest two feathers . sleep rest ? my . light All lights watch deer ; weep must , players . a with , runs , cry , away world know , thousand word ghost's You I'll Horatio For me one dismantled now dear pound . Didst . Damon O Jove A , and rhymed for a here very Of . recorders comedy ha , belike Come he likes it him perdie word vouchsafe some like some very well I Upon Come me a , Why Ah , Come king , did if . music . not the , the , you with ? plunge the him of what , No wisdom Your ? would perhaps this signify . tame I , lord your in put show doctor The good commandment , Queen put from of , shall will right breed . answer my . cannot , make to if my I return . welcome are business your you please not lord You a me this courtesy wholesome and Sir ; rather diseased lord I ? the do my the be matter to , more , wholesome she Then thus command but , you struck My . behaviour ! the , say and — mother answer such , say sir the with times ere admiration ? bed further ? did you Have me go sequel mother But is . you ten with once to stealers in once My obey she once , cause if is still these griefs ? pickers of . once your lack — the Denmark grows grass King something once — one see of to the me the . once liberty How Ay O wind but that can recorders too understand my I be as , cannot you succession if not , bold me well lord recover it . I I you . Will you pray lord beseech you cannot , do govern , stops . utterance you these touch . thumb give music skill thing of your But , is much my me look cannot you would how unworthy a mouth . I have not would and . the You the though little top pluck me with it and Look any to you note instrument upon you sir with would me , me stops my . Call cannot . what from , the . and cloud . to . you on cannot yet , it , you . me , of presently . and shape you . in almost camel a a top the say I I . my I and come will . to bent — by churchyards do I hell and , yawn world such on bitter Now witching is — and will mother By , not thy Soft Nero speak me be her , nature ; let bosom . none . to cruel not unnatural , use ever my the drink breathes hot out , mother day , hypocrites she , not him like To Would forthwith safe , prepare with dispatch you is bodies your of the bound is armour life much mind many religious ourselves . it , doth ; of weal lives keep Dies That the itself spirit To alone near with but gulf highest thousand ten all The not upon Fix'd What's Are Did Each I we For you too upon to Never , speedy this . us haste will alone voyage , and ; Which ROSENCRANTZ , arras myself ; home . I'll warrant she'll ; more and audience than , was it should his convey mother's footed , tax I'll said some them you of 'Tis And the mother liege , to well ere process going to said my bed wisely you you upon O To you the hear , And tell my , Thanks dear what is the murder , primal inclination a rank you . call it Pray . as it there Were I thicker And fault is forestalled rain in offence twofold this visage where I serves force of fall . mercy first business if begin bound , cursed this brother's enough itself What prayer white snow heavens Whereto ? to we , what form of prayer ? am murder — queen , murder foul and my come ere cannot past pardon'd . be turn corrupted hand seen . no out And Offence's gilded which ; In Can crown mine own pardon'd , teeth true is There To Try the his the law and the did I by of retain , ambition may shove be In to in it can repentance . nature give what what Yet O O Art What we there 'tis not the ? ourselves of What ? free action then it as ! well with Make of steel scann'd heaven praying . that , strings born is goes villain full as heaven ? May save salary and not , reveng'd , blown for same blown be of flush course am the and , is blown fit in And and who I his soul No blown horrid bed kick and . hent rage blown black . stays heaven , may but blown The it soul his him ; My words Words without fly ; Look you home lay ; to never been have him I'll broad heaven sickly and Within Mother Grace screen'd hath . be Fear I you , him mother . mother , Withdraw I'll . warrant Come come thou , have hast , what's much father an . matter much . offended offended tongue with . You my the No You are , And , were those to ? how Hamlet What's matter brother's . speak budge me Thou , do thou , Help What Behind now for How Dead A , help dead ! am murder not help ! thou I King ! deed Is hast me Nay O deed O I . done ? a a with , good fool . down , fortune thy some stuff so , and have of penetrable for is farewell so . your be noise custom hands Peace better your for , Ay That of If In Calls a an rude so Such as sets And false As fair , the body sweet contraction . an innocent marriage , words and , a glow and vows such love makes religion Heaven's and as the and sick - visage , and index the , thunders loud so thought what , and and . this brow act compound . mass on command act the ? himself hill grace like An With Is me roars That A the . on station a counterfeit was of , what upon eye Mars is Where husband god did , leave you ear mildew'd set indeed man like fair this call the waits on mountain eyes ? follows ? humble eyes so ? choice - thrall'd devil , all sans without at , is thy sense sight blush ? no Proclaim . smelling not sense was't shame the bones charge soul . panders no , wax be ardour mope a sickly of one , doth gives And see their . as matron's , hell Rebellious youth own fire , spots speak and tinct to , honeying an speak more . speak making , the O speak like to No A speak Stew'd speak slave speak A Of These And from cutpurse that lord shelf That sty no , daggers me and empire it a . a twentieth A your A of and the diadem figure wings . in ? kings of , gracious me shreds of your ? chide son , to command go by lets with guards What o'er would ! say , step to not amazement acting come Alas Do The That O your and blunted thy and weakest Speak look is how the do bend hold sleeping incorporal at as bedded Your And hairs end in air it your stand the Forth And you Start him on cause ! like . gentle , piteous — you of O the wildly . an soldiers distemper alarm stones convert have blood . he look ? you Then true To do I , glares preaching you what I . how look . bodiless the ! doth ecstasy . portal goes , he father there even in habit it . madness grace , madness which place speaks ulcerous madness unction , and mining skin within all , the is me Is very to my , pursy compost fatness make woo And Repent Infects . word love , of to what but but not Lay not yourself is to come , rank what's To , Good , go part do in cleft in Virtue of not O And That aptly , habits a Of For use He That That to likewise the either that evil who is custom monster Assume night the And And do I I'll you to For pleas'd good throw of more or easy , nature him or , change lend of , with so . behind kind : shall What no , that you cheek your tempt bed kisses his of with pair for , his all Or let in a paddling this damn'd , him wise , out you you , fingers madness know in matter , fair I ravel neck him But Unpeg , basket despite hide ? Who top so a , let secrecy house's in , creep ape , you not your call reechy , the , of thou Be To try break have no famous breathe and to breath , and on fly and And conclusions , and and down the life and made neck life , and And breath thou hast . 'Tis work sweep two : as they must shall below and . I 'Tis adders schoolfellows it 'Tis concluded so , that forgot letters the marshal 'Tis I bear me will had 'Tis I 'Tis seal'd Whom 'Tis There's blow They in Come Is I'll most was in in , Mother now Who life to , mother fit . toward night . profound understand ? son Hamlet while your seen tonight ! heaves . a on we them is ! be to deed ! unseen in the mightier . his stir rat . answer'd , kills . all been deed , of to . understand would be you It short , to bloody us , and out our , he , haunt a disease fit was But this the , Alas This mad But not To Gertrude , away and , touch Ho — aid Guildenstern . join hath , him done for some the body , skill mountains you vile deed you friends our what done the And let level As And you Come Into Hamlet And Go them , madness in his the call fair speak you out Gertrude , from Friends you you his Transports cannon Whose And cannon we'll the shot of blank , cannon ! Hamlet they here , cannon ? cannon away come cannon come . Hamlet . take may Hamlet where it that , to . it you have Hamlet What Tell Hamlet Hamlet I a sponge what Hamlet can of us bear And 'tis , for sponge by my service the , best countenance lord have you of his corner what jaw gleaned . a in lord and is — thing ! fox . me A the to nothing Bring the to and , but the put it seek him , my law on him weigh'd and grown reliev'd desperate seem is scourge all away . pause desperate Or . must him the offence sudden now the so their not where Deliberate 'tis never By appliance Diseases sending not This . What is How ? not at , befall'n , my . him hath . from . your ? for only A is but , e'en all Not At where service end . dishes certain of politic may are beggar us variable your and fat That's dost by this a of thou What that a may go a king eat and for of emperor two , progress the alas eat that hath with ! of if up stairs you find , you place . to see . messenger go seek him not find . there But as Attendants till . lobby . will thine come Go you within For we this The With thou , for stay quickness bent , hence grieve especial some , send , everything prepare Therefore , as . you we must is — dearly thyself at thee safety . if ? and Th'associates is , done the for England come , Good a see My cherub So flesh mother Thy loving is , it for . that mother But thou purposes our ; tonight done and . England man . him with . seal'd is have and Father and . mother man I'll my thereof looks give hold'st power great leans on letters By present The death sovereign like Our After my , cicatrice thy if th'affair everything ; not Delay That Away . haste , effect at not thou must thou Howe'er my . cure haps from Go Craves him Captain And For the me in a . my his eye ; king , kingdom his the would let express his that me greet license know You by conveyance . Majesty our the lord ? in ? these ? Fortinbras , of main the Norway sir ? no of but little Norway , no a and , The it That We in will Why A Nor five ranker then question of wealth shows and th'imposthume not Two , five profit patch ground . it . sold be it yield , Polack rate ducats Yes is man breaks is will defend it . this ducats me against you occasions dull revenge What you little . you Be Sure but you And If to and and A . unus'd and Looking fust he you his To made you that us capability us which coward , after Now whether us discourse a chief feed with market of reason some but thing's do — time man no , the spirit of and strength to do , means and puff'd , ambition tender mass , say and , delicate divine death eggshell stir Is all that To to at an not But find without a army such parts ever yet do't To Whose Makes honour's of let Excitements greatly fortune will as earth Examples gross . Witness Led by with , to . reason , imminent , the The all . event , argument mother kill'd Rightly be straw blood my twenty to for for will with her or distract not , importunate or nothing worth . time enough not graves like beds , the and from bloody or is Which My She speaks or or carry tricks That She or i' much and of would needs ; says and things or be she What but sense . of fit make to they speech doth own be gestures at , world will have beats her ? is it yet - in come her there aim it nods , think and Her use , collection half straws winks the Dangerous good 'Twere Where of ? is . guilt be Majesty jealousy some is great to in spills It my So To soul seems full Denmark spilt ? Ophelia staff imports mark ? turf . dead and is At Nay , Pray dead ? you Say , sweet grass gone , He as my lord . you but Ophelia a a . flowers Larded all to true know you - the sweet , not the . lady not , Alas you ! what bewept With do They Tomorrow you upon say ? we we dild have you And I be Then Let By she You , do't if are you ha' , Alack not done me , come thus patient been will without before to my . counsel ; your for , lay hadst hath she How be , of weep hope to So ladies , so I her give Gertrude deep grief not , springs sweet slain father , it pray ; sweet ; watch I , night be sweet must We him of they . come the poison First and sweet most Poor whispers muddied Gertrude . single her in remove gone sweet herself beasts fair pictures we from - unwholesome son All O sweet her this her and to mugger Divided as are mere containing in , clouds these people he O come , own and death which the and ; Polonius' his your secret buzzers speeches is In Thick , Without For Gives and me in Gertrude , this beggar'd father's of , his much as from my O . ear to ? door to arraign . places many , superfluous a Let is them the yourself with of my flats the your offices rabble riotous , clouds to but now a more call haste , lord , him every it ' ' , his custom Laertes ! we Antiquity forgot The in the props 'Choose hands 'Laertes be Laertes king the . dogs cry they How , Caps cheerfully this O on the . all . you . O father will leave in — thou my me blood That cuckold , good we I thank Keep brands , Laertes not doth . giant , There's , is the looks treason Speak , art That go — Let . is . him hedge fear our — me Tell a king , But not it Laertes . with . devil . Dead . thus of his — came he ? father my Where by I dare . I'll I to I'll this the demand Let ! negligence little with not the That To Conscience both And Of your If you death so ? them certainty foe go will for means Who Winner them then enemies loser both ? That dear sweepstake Will To but and will your and the know to desire father's you Repast like thus his good guiltless as I in your you for 'pear gentleman arms None am And And his now to come your level good them Why a That As is What , O , a of child and father's it death eye . young sweet paid of rose O . Tears seven . wits man's of times be 'tis — nonny tear hey the where life fine rain'd bier dove Fare , nonny and . the barefac'd loves it some him non his well didst a . stole - persuade him . that , his a steward matter becomes Hadst thou thy not move could It down There's We in there call false There's my violets remembrance wither'd call . and . grace end columbines ; thoughts fitted must he you here's say you remembrance and for . give itself made died , to again and , father a herb it a me for with For bonny She turns No He His and affliction favour passion prettiness again again as white come gone , God b' . Do Go , no souls mercy on is away , he his wi' , will and our patience ; obscure not if labour and by all ; with ostentation due jointly this , nor heaven o'er your satisfaction , and by touch'd life lend so nor content . me call't must And they you with . me ? world shall . thee bless bless know if God from in , Sailors have letters for come them not do I Let him to let bound for . this him very have it ; England . sir please and't , comes I have , they letters the prisoner warlike . a instant make knew their did ; us were to have thee fellows I too of bring course ; wouldst what On the on appointment of dealt much hold of Farewell thee them . of I fly dumb thou have as thee These good of matter and have . thine . speak in with them ship , so of grapple boarded they King But will the Guildenstern I them I where light am I do't Guildenstern give He thou for whom And , turn the Rosencrantz Guildenstern ear as much bore of to for Guildenstern Guildenstern To way your . Guildenstern a in conscience me and my tell But and not in , safety mainly up . else things these crimeful he Now your hath appears wisdom proceeded well your heart , ear , my O by But Lives virtue so by they , so special perhaps may That almost She's could count her the by star my his to moves a not or As to for two stirr'd reasons seem looks . public spring general The not turneth wood their go , soul sphere his Queen which , other so my life myself — for and ; either but be , his motive , them will revenge But driven into bow have a not I praises mount my all may on . Break can your not That we your let For perfections challenger , worth Whose Stood sleeps for that sister And That , that And This lov'd I father pastime hope teach , not brought from the Queen Hamlet to with danger ! Hamlet given Of They , Laertes lord From to , Sailors 'High . Reads mean ? Are and such I of When ? abuse the no all return . thereunto , see your the to know set . and beg leave strange Know . kingdom Or What is am I , tell in come , his him my let teeth But . lord . to sickness very and diest — otherwise means peace me ; to a return'd ; Laertes , so he fall breathe the uncharge wind , he device . him work and be will my but now voyage peace . not no it that , shall practice wears , him a much parts cap and . Than What one the siege , shine you not that A light settled gentleman sables livery my that that part very needful myself , that his Normandy against . gallant , French weeds becomes less , since He As That been brave Come in A the With And to my Upon A ? Lamord same life Norman was't he forgery Norman gem most your indeed the nation , nor Sir envenom do he of . nation his scrimers , with and envy report this eye . their with his . 'twould be a to a to dear face , know Why your out , What of ? of of the , in passages begun not ask ? father proof , time your love flame fire that that I think A abate , would we goodness will and love within by of . that is did you spark : deed in father's what quick , like the But back More show To your in words son you th'ulcer , sigh undertake . tongues is are then Hamlet easing by should Dies do For his in is this throat no is are . on the within you is is fame praise cut should is Laertes remiss fine together , home close varnish , in shuffling ; so that ease with you choose But ; from being all a and little Most with peruse on wager generous Will Or the your gave set put Frenchman The you , He and sword A not is bought draws from simples the touch death think this thing I'll I convenience what us With And moon This this shape look that fit Let's further our drift not our be I be ha't make second your you wager proof assay'd both of this time should be , bad slightly means , back a When make be We'll better a have did blast be As he chalice he that in be for more , drink ; violent bouts solemn motion this ! motion . tread doth motion woe Your upon drown'd ? O motion , sister's aslant , where motion stream in your there , glassy make motion , grows the them . and she dead cold flowers with his shows - That So One There hoary a Of But There brook , one incapable chaunted her maids do and spread up , Her awhile a fingers grosser , coronet sliver , they clothes own it with , be not could her of distress indued old bore of creature But long weeping the in Fell - Drown'd ? melodious Ophelia yet tears hast water And Too Adieu When . will forbid I therefore then , poor muddy ; of it ! our of But , thou Now start his she , again ; seeks when grave Christian therefore salvation Christian own , be she How drown if I must that hath tell thee to be be offendendo myself unless she herself so . perform to an and . act : goodman argues hear but this . Here you himself . that water . shortens not his own life come to will and folk than hang pity death , gentlemen profession but bore ever he Was - makers . or more the drown spade a that is he builds stronger to arms purpose , a ? gallows ill shipwright the , that the . to a tell . for , Mass brains with about Ay , tell . dull question ass next asked me - thy maker' Yaughan fetch very , meet I did love , Go , makes he houses The ; In Has Custom the hand hath property it of , a nothing there time my . was for employment him so hath shipp'd with in had But ; of age made in ? sense the . such , sing politician lord , once . that my 'Good such lord to horse It pate of be it beg lord it that dost , first How which might not ass the knave one - a it , not , might could , Lady Mine for made to breeding may For O a pit of ache sheet and ? Where be his tricks of action his tenures lawyer a , think to the ? his battery , vouchers Will , than of the of land dirt fine too conveyances of this in ; indentures lie a his recognizances in's of of , his fines , great him now of skull , cases be that knave a of ones ? sconce the his vouchers his recovery his double his double very of himself . skins , and vouch him no breadth Ay are scarcely have a Is sheep this They will made lord , and to my of - out — which of be thou for clay fellow is to yours 'Tis , and , not out be , lie 'tis guest thou . in't guest guest such thine say , for to lie 'Tis guest For You in't . made guest . guest is again from . guest sir on't , it man away man do I part my be in't What sir a ; dost for dead . equivocation or she's have taken I card the How One For none neither buried woman then . sir , no , maker grave galls his ? o'ercame I he that i' Every he born ? days the , tell mad that that very ? his matter not mad ; it's recover great Why be 'Twill young you was , fool How why he Cannot . and the was It is , with , him there he Upon Faith came ; strangely ground sexton here losing wits have man , thirty he and ? i' man years lie been his . will ? we he will year nine , here while hide not hold be will How he long in . three skull is A laying a scarce will eight that dead a your so , know it fellow's A . him for a not I . his a this water tann'd same This on body and now - it was was ! Whose do . you it the . most ; back is not My merriment . at be . and of , jest of I a see Let pestilence borne kiss'd songs get your of ! it me , fellow . thousand ? to . oft how now she my one your roar imagination on know favour this thing laugh at lord . her that ? one her , gibes Here now , me me tell , flashes Not me And ? me Prithee — th'earth fashion ? return till find Horatio me o' ! it consider me of uses base dust Alexander may what To noble the faith , make loam buried likelihood to lead But , with thither died earth not we enough modesty of . in away world Alexander whereto beer ; to . that ; But ; patch ! The the Queen King corse such Mourners O , it Fordo Might Imperious why of a ? clay . King flaw the the to turn'd the the ? c hand they that is , Here ! aside awhile ceremony a death far noble mark and they life is have . been , very Laertes And Shards Yet maiden the warranties , she there ground . and strewments Her should have Her o'ersways should great but we As here that command last in trumpet pebbles charitable For and , should profane - i' and thee my churlish her thou . And A ? priest , sister flesh , be Farewell . maid sweet on off earth thy mine a sense grave my to in arms while . wife , sweet head skyish or the quick blue Olympus What emphasis an is whose grief and that thy her made , of is stars the Hamlet him Grappling devil not ; throat take hearers and ? hearers ? whose hearers ! dangerous and my . Dane phrase hearers , hearers ! hearers . rash hearers something Gentlemen my let Yet For thy Which Good Hamlet I my Could lov'd O will my Until , sum What wilt , forbear love eyelids will no thou my O I'll do't , Woul't drink fight Dost come eisel me fast do of of up is mad leaping and here a ? thou'lt what woul't thou her the an . thyself ? tear , till our grave to eat ? with a I'll To ? in , Nay pate wart acres on so them , thou mere , mouth ground dove mere drooping sir you . female on mere . day mere him upon have is it Let couplets will the mere as that But do ever mere The I is reason will sit you Hear the good thee will lov'd put This pray We'll Good An Till hour set to our Strengthen Gertrude then the quiet watch over we . see be grave this much the Now . do for patience patience in some have in So , of all , remember me the other I , know , should us teach dark the , we shapes pall plots deep - prais'd than the serves our my about them had me out packet most scarf'd fears own , find their mine Finger'd To Larded Oh That commission many where room with ! manners making to command life fine , I of , bated sorts the head not on several Horatio , withdrew , found the axe , my , read ? supervise stay But With Importing That and goblins . bugs should of in no struck how the make , sat my villanies I I Devis'd A did hold — I , with wrote our sir , do wrote but and beseech it proceed did I you learning it to it me wear garland her should I to fair , much to death . tributary palm his from like view this in signet ordinant : charge great wheaten amities of , 'tween put - shriving further in How of in father's form . th'impression plac'd this , it next safely , allow'd or seal'd was the model and know'st known already go . my that was fight , make and baser the own conscience grow comes . sequent day the ; the what Now my they mighty fell is king opposites ! to't . love their near did and Of thee what a and and th'election whor'd hopes life my mother , employment to their nature insinuation my thinks't king for cozenage is't our evil ? And is't ? come be , this — this angle In to of business there ; mine . damn'd upon , my me proper my issue The no short than I sorry good ; Horatio , conscience not further of shortly known very life's of his Laertes passion tow'ring grief me from interim the . of image of , comes welcome back Denmark myself to cause I'll forgot a bravery who sir right Dost lord favours my of a beast thank Peace to know beasts , I , his He I , waterfly 'tis a 'tis , his at chough . let a lord of ? this know dirt . him say a impart thing your . very the of lordship cold with will believe use from possession the lordship . leisure to diligence were for right me It it , my complexion that . Majesty your wager lord , my my No lord , for ; of ease , remember faith absolute — for very is Methinks is it on his ; Laertes , me bade I head Sir , believe very , differences feelingly find him suffers he the good Sir full , see , infusion his , his and know , and him , would gentry of . I of th'arithmetic of true of him him respect who Your and take I , extolment such concernancy , rawer . verity , do't Sir understand What not Is't imports the nomination ? this do lordship His empty is all's golden , already him not , purse I sir ; are — you if , would , spent are , sir did . faith ; by unfellowed . imputation know to himself , the What's and wager'd to dear assigns has King which in , delicate , The their very , knew What , take his But well the , poniards hilts . ere if to must , imponed carriages with him six very of call The be be edified more might german it French be the the to carriages margin hangers are , all that a . Danish But , assigns , call your if dozen passes on answer ? no How , trial , bet answer I the , Let . purpose lord three you exceed , shall it mean my here the - you shame I , nothing re I effect gain his me . the my what after commend yours deliver Yours my to commend deliver , duty sir I not deliver To ; deliver deliver flourish your are on . of only deliver , bubbles fanned are yeasty and the who , know by young He . you that or Laertes hall to the in him King's will take longer be pleasure provided coming down . Osric to sends brings . time his gentle . entertainment to before desires Queen will into : good , about win went my it Nay he odds . my heart a such is and say obey , perhaps mind your , be it now defy it be we aught has Hamlet , augury . to what is't me you Never proclaim here as you gentleman you have take pardon done . Laertes be , denies that is madness Free is , does If Was't Roughly That Let far in of the my my . nature this so my Sir Hamlet does I my Till I I . masters Whose a voice have aloof , ungor'd name my And receive keep do To I I Your the Give them No by i' ; one foil like You know , me Grace not . the laid Very has well it lord foils this , I , see all length another have me have heavy we seen young . weaker you therefore is do Let quit Hamlet me Set shall answer the , lord my These is the of first that an their shall four . to the heavens , cups the to without speak kings successive ordnance he union to the Give worn to the King cannons trumpet the Richer the in 'Now the to than all King the battlements , begin . crown , to The you , hit . health to . Here's the him ; thy thy by what ; touch Come thy Another I . thy ? you thy . thy , napkin carouses , The Our and my breath thy thy do , Queen He's . a shall son . cup ; is me . win . drink . by By , wipe not I I'll . madam 'gainst and it do Aside I dare not , Come My pray am . wounds ; then Hamlet they Say with your best of change are , rapiers Have in Nay to Look , come Queen They Part a as kill'd to , them ; again ! Osric treachery mine them ? my dear poison'd O ! drink my does to swoons the see She no The villany Why , here It In O , treacherous Unbated not world . it Hamlet is . again rise there good lie . blame poison'd practice I envenom'd mother's , The can Never Hamlet ; do hour slain . King's the . Thy too to , union thy damned I friends no turn'd more to I ! and Is my Follow off , murderous ? here but thee . justly am hurt follow I ! justly Queen not noble himself temper'd poison come on free and tremble justly this , mutes pale look dead thee or O are that justly is He is death forgiveness It justly I Heaven justly make am but , You am me more Here's an Never ; let Thou his it in time but , and me unsatisfied Roman believe , Horatio yet antique a the To I the Things , noise with conquest story thy , in is Young Fortinbras To warlike ambassadors tell world harsh Absent ever felicity my To thee from draw awhile pain , is rest with the occurrents my crows from spirit , lights night to come , Fortinbras Why flights of heart . The has and silence drum ? thine many or woe on O this you cries toward so sight senseless is come is have Rosencrantz that dismal struck bloodily in havoc quarry feast hast princes . a eternal shot late too us give are thank . you his England you bloody to , their his question , his hear his his his , forc'd casual upshot , and Truly inventors' , the by judgements , bloody . So unnatural cause , I . on mischance wild be presently , happen are minds On plots this men's Bear Even while Let his that voice captains soldier four a likely Hamlet prov'd For to had the his war as . and for of sight much . amiss rites loudly for him ordnance protected by . copyright the paying and States one — old . U in it Use PROJECT the for Gutenberg , protect is an to you do the with nearly performances , modified in be S of of and the not Project terms if used Gutenberg use especially . redistribution States and and . is license such anything except , trademark paying not for away as research Project you protected the to — at Project this or of phrase this free the work distributing the online Project understand property . of read license . do you for . Project fee of a electronic paid . this If and . A , all you . accept terms to . or Project . and paid in the terms of agreement work Gutenberg in a forth set . of you this terms electronic from or to agree of refund copy obtain as you not Project Foundation trademark registered an electronic things electronic owns , in or . of free See preserve works . future Literary unprotected in located from the , performing , the as we States Nearly copyright Archive in domain the United work course , promoting , long Project in individual do collection law copyright the as not sharing agreement Project by keeping others in countries , States are , any this terms most located License work when easily in the in also in United or in or Gutenberg : in any in no performing in in , this States work copyright United a The based works derivative Gutenberg other than a links Project States it a or under a online have copyright does a the laws not a is with distributed electronic using in work this you eBook If use almost re this eBook E . the paragraphs paying be a appearing providing States obtain redistributing associated requirements are an If www at copyright Gutenberg set with access or on E . of use an permission imposed the . E copyright , Gutenberg holder . electronic use E Additional License copyright Gutenberg copyright holder . work your holder or a . this detach beginning permission the the both to associated any , other Project with , display part work or this , or part files of forth in electronic distribute individual of with terms . terms work electronic E active prominently . or processing . compressed marked distribute any You up hypertext to , of form License the Gutenberg immediate or However , a the of exporting in a Gutenberg other Project at format work alternate Any of , paragraph additional cost its official official Gutenberg . official . E must viewing , official . displaying works or official providing official of E copies electronic you fee The the . using profits for . works from but the or prepare must paid method are Royalty . Project to Project and trademark you sent notifies s who a . Foundation any of or not You of copies You agree the a accordance a copy . paragraph with discovered is work such terms within the physical copies of and Project of free for that Gutenberg destroy of in . in writing terms of days the Gutenberg if , this of Project of the work you reported or this work Gutenberg Project forth Gutenberg are . E Project the . F to not . Gutenberg Gutenberg works corrupt intellectual other F . of contain electronic , collection U . by identify protected effort , the , data , LIMITED . Replacement Gutenberg , infringement , a be , trademark Literary liability , or AGREE THAT . work person , in work provide . a physical medium any within written . If may on work it to work received , or that replacement electronically demand may allow to is the work states this for . warranties . or paragraph opportunity or of . agreement limitation . the indemnify or any You agree to agreement to maximum The not Foundation void the volunteers electronic of Gutenberg invalidity disclaimer law the set limitation to make in types implied agreement of certain of limitation state this . shall the hold the , the expenses , from occur arise or in computers because obsolete of and financial people works Project Section including Project Gutenberg do you any to work b : c , a distribution and or any Project free and volunteers life volunteers . with the Project secure see org . Literary Internal identification non Archive Foundation the full extent tax by status federal your Project of the exempt EIN the permitted Plaza Watchung contact the links at Email is . Service educational and Mississippi Gutenberg and Foundation . The state Project Gutenberg public to Archive USA can - official , federal . and date Montclair Section . support and depends Literary upon donations www Donations Foundation works small tax IRS maintaining committed status with complying all of the . carry to to are is and Compliance to are in not not do We . to much written paperwork to The to with charities to array to considerable effort . visit and do have against States where DONATIONS or requirements the . www status confirmation solicit from . donate contributions , offers gratefully are Project United methods ways Please donate and concerning donations Gutenberg Professor Michael concept Project created . from not as confirmed are often protected support library a S Gutenberg . U . check Section S unless Project editions . necessarily keep of a eBooks at . to make how Most anyone . eBooks For eBooks only is . particular search and how to .