there King ! the . and yourself . hour carefully thee . most . sick bitter , upon You now 'Tis ? you had guard stirring . Marcellus . bid , Horatio , Well Not Have For The think do of rivals I hear ? ho ground the this . you , good And liegemen honest , has Give reliev'd is there Who - who good ? place , night . night hath ! again ? seen nothing there . I thing good tonight Marcellus , seen of fantasy take not Horatio What Welcome Horatio , will says twice belief entreated again eyes apparition along come this of speak . ears have story , to seen of speak Barnardo let are down against part and one where . two we What yond hear made a Thou break thee the it speak it . of from of that Marcellus all course , Look off bell then pole myself t'illume his burns . to . dead that's . Horatio , King like King ? be It Most What Together sometimes Question it , form thee charge will thee speak ! believe ! than think ! speak and ! not answer look . avouch : he true ! tremble might and , very to thyself the ? combated on . know But the bodes This down , some thought strict now . jump 'Tis With in , Why So sit same foreign divide the shipwrights implements of the : day ? Our last task sweaty with - daily and cast toward be the nightly Who And mart for goes can image , make might Sunday not Does Doth What , know on you inform ; that Fortinbras our esteem'd him , King Hamlet known most appear'd a by by seiz'd ; vanquisher the which by the return'd , the heraldry who our and , Fortinbras moiety with of ; his conqueror , resolutes is state , there and full design'd , Fortinbras enterprise , other , of sir , Now carriage been fell by So Comes I may armed it think it doth well to terms main this post source Is But this his father lost . Well Of The - was In A Did As Neptune's and , empire doomsday the sick in graves whose even As like preceding the fierce the streets blood of . stands fates demonstrated together omen earth climatures prologue heaven precurse of with moist to the trains and stars with gibber the little ere our Disasters influence star , voice use . eclipse coming the still events and , me Stay comes . me , again , life avoid , may to done of . ease any Speak art That to may Speak of it you Shall For do is And And We offer as vain malicious majestical so of invulnerable , thing heard , the earth or warning his spirit - trumpet shrill at hies air , sounding in of , herein , clad to . believe dare power mantle high my my we what watch up , tonight . advice life speak duty have , him hill by it . seen him fitting , upon . conveniently . ourselves sorrow remembrance sometime with with we That Have bear be contracted in memory Yet To To hath , this dropping herein our gone . freely have all know Taken Therefore we mirth Now to to disjoint you , along scale in Or state with fail'd the for our his this Your wife weak For weighing better to With , which , death frame of brother's our , advantage , scarcely the , you his lists The Giving Cornelius subject ; rid of bed purpose is business impotent this , good this further more Of further Out , bearers business these , Thus To his nephew's herein gait You Of In We some speak of us cannot lose And is That Than Dread lord is and came France Denmark ; done France gracious bend return to toward pardon , mouth , to , duty that your I in again , Polonius ? slow my me at leave . consent to go . you the , dust lids die must , is it particular is inky suits solemn black , good , eye of grief not ? thee mother . father of suits show might the river fruitful the denote the all with forms can For But I but These in your to lost nature trappings and your the his sweet 'Tis To must his It his For An heart A his to To Is his As know his impious stubbornness vulgar be , in simple a mind opposition , heaven nature died , earth , us , son , and the , Here Our pray Let Do I that which impart most less father nobility to immediate chiefest not thee toward to beseech in in Denmark . Madam , eye best remain our you our obey loving ; Denmark the clouds . best Come thunder rouse cannon that heaven best the accord of Hamlet whereof drinks tell today speaking best and Or that the best Everlasting itself would away . fair grace best , O ! best again resolve 'gainst , this King's too His that too unprofitable God self all things rank and gross to so to , not ! this my was an of 'tis come uses , God ! That king to much in garden unweeded ! on hang winds world two mother heaven even were shoes she poor married all which little Would A So a he her on followed — that but , longer brother to the Within of Hercules beast tears — Why with my , tears post ! reason , no those discourse ere if increase it me Let By not With what Ere mourn'd ! month Niobe have With O , Like A , month mine uncle , well myself . tongue ; friend ever , my change And My from Wittenberg ? lord good from — Wittenberg even Good sir ? violence own you . your your . lord my , faith in would not your my your say , report no in - deep affair your your upon marriage funeral forth furnish it your father's are you know your drink I lord my that had your , my fellow to came , funeral student wedding hard . follow'd foe father ? heaven . king day tables , in . had ever father In once he for saw I . again goodly all upon look , to you witness ear till . yesternight father . I on these thus waste me had middle figure exactly . point at the In dead like of , love marvel of let their - with : father solemn pie , gentlemen march the watch night eyes fear and them secrecy third , dreadful and to By Armed stately the act of thrice A and by truncheon's their oppress'd before Almost his and slow Within I Where Stand Form them they comes . where upon it to ? knew not we watch I the as apparition both ; address , once ; did speak crew in away our shrunk I made even And 'Tis ; true . it very 'tis of know To we Indeed indeed Hold you , at to lifted up it head as from morning it would . duty lord watch you my to to from top From saw Then lord my , What wore he , A more he toe . foot . in than head . frowningly ? anger long there . it hundred no life , beard A again tonight walk I as a . saw't grizzled sable watch If will you his . person you sight this hap , 'twixt eleven , tongue . will itself . peace . farewell well ; were not deeds is the o'erwhelm : as to visit platform Our mine you to eyes , Upon your : in them men's . foul All , rise come night soul blood . winds the Farewell ; of a , toy hear me you Do Hamlet a and the and violet , it sweet of ? that doubt more , more ? suppliance youth of . no ; more but . more so more lasting not ; more more grow not as of . his weigh'd greatness The more For for Unto he is yielding and must ; is will but his of choice his whole circumscrib'd ; depends on unvalu'd to not his : do birth you loves mind the service inward Grows sanctity no now And He And the your his If give the main in he fits credent your heart his voice voice Whereof Than Ophelia , unmaster'd , ear you : of prodigal to infants galls unmask The Or too weigh As canker itself 'scapes danger rear shot chariest Contagious are and their oft before best rebels itself Be And Fear it keep of not you If the her not liquid most safety not good pastors my steep as to I Show not Whilst thorny and a primrose not Do th'effect of like the And not heart though way and not . heaven , brother do to his double upon the ? in for Occasion A But not my grace rede recks dalliance of path Nor Give thought aboard sits Be thou Look And Yet you them But do dull hast familiar their act by tried , memory smiles And . precepts and with comrade . voice . steel of means . tongue vulgar ; quarrel hatch'd a man every friends unproportion'd few these fancy in , Take Give , Neither a borrower loses dulls borrowing And a , oft above all , not apparel the both of ; thee false as , then follow This of For thy as habit each nor censure France the proclaims thy nor to express'd ; the and ; gaudy station nor . man true own edge generous chief : day any to season go Ophelia What nor I . nor in the ; nor remember you , of . my . it . leave , servants well key something Marry , told What So Given please And it behoves do that If and yourself bounteous yourself late oft you . of very hath , 'Tis of Have you me time not You audience well so as — be As it between my his perilous you green , like speak my Unsifted I , I'll , do you Do believe Of ! He What is — My have , may think baby pay ; fool poor dearly with me for tenders Tender . true phrase speech , I . soul know my , prodigal than , honourable given And With to blood their When you countenance it , Ay hath Lends Even Giving You springes to his all vows the Be must more in something heat these , catch take of parley in command a I Have words I Look As you air The to't , you you a you ? you think twelve air you the near you struck lacks now season . cold eager and nipping is Indeed And wassail he draughts and The ? tonight mean thus . out does What Wherein not doth drains of it Is spirit wake his swaggering his Rhenish , here custom . a swinish at . west indeed and tax'd headed - clepe their Since By down for in , That They Makes , From As Or , in As virtues Shall else infinite livery say the of mole marrow and pith So Oft of — as particular The Carrying His breaking habit plausive that pure dram Doth and Angels Look they censure scandal lord goblin us ! me thee shape , blasts damn'd Hamlet , grace it my a thy to royal burst canoniz'd me will Thou Be thou of wicked such speak , Let thou cast Have father I King Bring with thee airs from heaven or of nature marble quietly again up op'd Hath thy burst thee thee the sepulchre mean steel , moon What ! reaches and of fools disposition our with . away removed it action it we do . with But you speak ; then lord . with more alone waves Look I a it as . itself do ? that flood , no by , No It Why my what life fear will follow to can at the . lord , some still roar fathoms the . me beneath sea , it Think into , waves , That some Or And some if The It it thee some off hears motive many go . some some brain gentlemen . Unhand a I'll shall rul'd By I nerve this body me obey . this , I . ghost I'll . in imagination He issue what is Nay When My is sulph'rous Alas Pity not , render serious . unfold bound to shall poor hear shalt thou what To , foul for and the the a for purg'd crimes day certain thy term done confin'd to . my whose freeze thy eyes two the And Till Are I secrets Like knotted upon fretful List hair ever thy must , dear list murder foul , unnatural . it , the in as strange Murder But itself in that by serpent but know sting forged this . the . father's noble death thou , Denmark youth life , the , traitorous have , power . vow to even it hand marriage natural , in ; radiant celestial of shape . to it virtue whose in love a what — and wit , with wit , So From it So Brief My custom hour in my , afternoon morning orchard vial the juice of be methinks prey a angel heaven decline be bed a quicksilver enmity , my the an as swift The in I . always soft Though lewdness With such hebenon whose posset it courses through , milk doth droppings vigour of did body Sleeping me let porches cursed distilment alleys the about loathsome , it bark'd . my most on of once a eager like a thin of Most No If couch A of Taint , pursu'st leave of thou O my body of the , With Unhous'led of horrible ! all sent , of , life of Against not But of thy contrive it head my bed bear thee damned act Denmark this ; that . fire be to thee her in . 'gins adieu , O , sinews O shall host , But howsoever mother those and glow And Ay And you my stiffly , Remember thee ? my old my else , lodge me . seat ! fie ! to Adieu poor ? adieu earth heaven grow of thy commandment . and and trivial live ! What ! Remember memory records , there shall pressures past heaven brain pernicious Yes , my fond of , this O tables . most woman all table the while holds memory villain be may villain and in . sure , villain So , uncle is , matter baser volume of copied youth That My one That Within It At least So . Within , O , How ho is't news , you'll lord Not , I , secret be you'll ne'er then say I There But , heaven in all : hands shake are the we that fit every is your and i' my more desire poor . pray my for and desire , tell And so , you , is vision Touching you . Horatio . let that , you your Yes too an as desire me tell , here friends We , good , are friends one have MARCELLUS HORATIO lord what Give It ghost what between , not . soldiers ? my What As you me request will seen tonight . is't and Nay swear't , but , Upon . I lord , faith , I under this , sword so thou the Swear hear , boy Never to speak oath that . Swear this shift Then et ubique Hic have . cellarage . ground . our , have upon my by this hither ? lay speak your Swear ! pioner Well O A Swear Never of old And that my sword fast . Horatio help give in things as a is work more wondrous friends th'earth , would' shake shall - if we they 'There we As list Or of pronouncing be , to need phrase disposition antic , soe'er hereafter times ; to , arms we rest , you by So 'If . commend man Let go Hamlet spirit perturbed love so not lack . Swear grace you my born to set O lips a , gentlemen , you . Nay him this go together . lord my wisely , money , let's your of Reynaldo Reynaldo , these and Before lord him , behaviour did And What Marry That question . Paris Look said expense distant demands son and ; of come will As Take Than , you your — father knowledge keep finding , where and his do I he Addicted as 'twere know him part thus they him' in so if't forgeries such you What But As are dishonour and 'I part ; take of marry may lord 'not and heed , so , But and none put wild ; rank ' please ; wanton companions youth gaming Quarrelling My no Faith drabbing or and noted and most wild , swearing so . may you You my That meaning may : flash A Of the to lord that it incontinency taints of unreclaimed assault this . so ; quaintly , fiery , my lord should , here's sullies i' sound crimes assur'd my , sir Marry these Having thing laying , it believe , I Ay You slight youth ever in the , man the ; you of or with The the in was — sir was to yesterday you I Or with with saw was 'friend then , There he 'closes , there o'ertook or house — say ; not advice and , bias , me . you ; you . fare , b' his of assays with in yourself lord inclination Good you my shall Observe I And . the ? been what's chamber to his all my unbrac'd , each shirt his Pale upon hat lord lord now How My As of Mad a No To He speak he truly the other his by My lord he last he I for , to falls He And goes wrist and he know , Then ; brow his of shatter waving mine face and and all piteous That his being his He For to the went without turn'd up shaking it to such so , go , itself desperate passion oft is with seem'd head done eyes shoulder , over his , King me help , of fordoes to property afflict will go under I , command sorry their . their on love seek of words you and me to his ; did heaven , denied mad him but good made But he heed hath No I And To discretion It This I not thee I That him beyond ourselves in our . love hate . known grief hide . quoted . fear'd it is . it . More common being and to see Guildenstern . move might . utter . call man , both with humour and up that , death was th'exterior ; Something much Rosencrantz inward thus himself you , court within pleasures so , time Since Resembles father's What . neighbour'd your our hath , glean to , remedy , may our gather by companies you , of you majesties of there him living awhile will not , hope our profit dread Than both obey We to power king's shall supply and the For the your , bent feet , a more be , Guildenstern much . gentlemen son beseech and these , Rosencrantz changed To and ourselves at . to . is of the service you . Guildenstern you commanded Rosencrantz visit Hamlet him And gentle I gentle Heavens Pleasant and presence And Thou Th'ambassadors I Have still my my think do my Hunts I The of news doubt is and , The we , father's Well shall and death it shall be He , our His Voltemand That But so be To better against your Highness ; griev'd ; appear'd suppress arrests brief obeys , him truly Polack , fee shown give to herein further the against , thousand commission an , annual joy , pass soldiers our It might more My thank your well this us well ; read labour together feast well , limbs and soul and duty , is , madness define to be let , matter And , since the ; to But , 'tis 'tis 'tis , it him 'tis foolish no art remains true use will . no less nothing use A . this of now mine , Perpend is , most surmise , and she by thus cause this comes whilst and gather the ; hear . shall her 'beautified' phrase to Hamlet I Doubt stay thou the will be ? faithful move I this machine . fire doth But I dear best these I , most Ophelia am love evermore they Thine that This And more time , mine means , of and ? his ? a into a , watch done This , Admit , she took herself precepts gave , her resort , to And madness lightness a What , 'Lord And my is must Which And , Thence to a — then , advice , raves this that indeed further centre it You though . So may Here know if this a . he love If I'll truth is hid we . walks lobby in At Mark be not time he does the he sometimes be no behind such , I'll him But where look sadly give mercy . a - God , Well does so were would I , sir , honest That's very Honest as , thousand my , Not a I , is . th' if sun my lord goes to true be to For the may I my daughter dog ? is have a carrion maggots breed not say me . at by daughter i' her How gone this first I'll was was And was Still harping was was said . a fishmonger on much was my men here I most purging plentiful was you , was lord , words words , What matter satirical faces their that ; For slave says that their a honesty as . if method sometimes . Aside lord grave madness ? often be that the . air , my in't set powerfully to , which All . it be walk A ! suddenly not means , of will anything take him I , which pregnant reason him you will part and leave will my you more prosperously happiness o' Into , my between humbly that except . the to seek God To , contrive the I from me except , lord I Lord save you . Hamlet ! lord lord how very - over ? button ? not soles of not shoe middle ; of she honest or her my lord her favours ? is world's a . confines world Prison she you me wards dungeons and bad lord my a Denmark's the , th' o' there think for . Denmark in being which We many one not lord nothing very of shadow shadow I too for dreams count myself prison a a king dream of , fay I it that outstretch'd . shadow reason and wait upon th' ROSENCRANTZ court our . and but so airy a a . a and monarchs attended my servants and make am , sort We'll an to and are . but hold Then shadows our and I , and too dear . by Elsinore at you other and sent , Come not thank you ? for ; which You were your we . What of colour confession looks , speak and not for Queen and . craft is you sent have ? you what But let me , our more should your in enough with own inclining me I what for , consonancy . me teach preserved , Guildenstern To . you . What no say ? If you even love and - fellowship , withal the must of by then , dear , by you . for moult forgone have . of my anticipation feather , my promontory why golden goes fretted air , discovery your love mirth seems , and thing this of late I will earth me than a , how how And not delights work to majestical of canopy the piece apprehension smiling you in yet look , the not and ; most goodly excellent form in paragon angel an like appears firmament in fire pestilent and and ; god noble express the : to , my thoughts , on coted what a , woman . way not service have ; and target tribute lover and entertainment ; th' part are the or are players freely lungs the o' his shall the the halt ; verse of shall sere , laugh those make shall Even you How comes ways . late in was of both ? both the the I Are rusty are ? Their the means by was residence , city not the , that pace grow . but there the escoted — dare maintains and call scarce many , come top is sir quills the are 'em they to themselves quills than longer should their there to has quills sin , bid quills for quills argument much to controversy quills exclaim them . the was ; the cuffs in the nation them they Will do — players as it wrong no money while , his and give in lived is for at mouths , that hundred in to There fashion is my . are this Gentlemen garb Elsinore but Elsinore welcome Elsinore appurtenance Elsinore you of outward Elsinore mad Elsinore north In But - you not yet them with at , too is , see you there Well and , come hither When my lord . actor . was an , the . for ! thou These nor . what a scene , pastoral , either for honour my actor ass on The pastoral tragical comical judge he loved , more , hadst of writ heavy be , too love a , on daughter , no well my that not my Aside What , I Am me not Nay Jephthah . have right Still . I , lot then and welcome , pass As It . to , O lady thou welcome friends and good row the to all I . you chanson , Why came ! God ring . speech the , falconers give . cracked chopine is friend . am Thy was it comes will show you For . more to glad abridgement by uncurrent welcome . straight ladyship beard be not in . Come matters not , received of down the ? you like I voice us Masters at anything like to't my speech Come passionate lord speech a the it cried , top sallets lines the as , of thereabout and , Dido to handsome the But once , were no an tale , matter set were the . let line rugged is The were memory especially chiefly matter of 'Twas of were the honest fine Priam's speaks not When now were Hath couched , were trick'd foot arms Pyrrhus me whose with sable the it it parching the mothers daughters , streets it and fire , it Old thus it a o'ersized and in hellish seeks the wrath light it and sons . a , to gore , sword accent His Unequal in wind and the Priam whiff , finds , with , top sword senseless Then lo th'air as , with . a like to i' ear base his Which reverend , will his , Pyrrhus to head hideous , we So Stoops Takes Of often For this father Th'unnerved Priam was and to feel on stick , work fall eterne than ; so after Pyrrhus' a bleeding gods hammers the bold region heavens anon new the , against some ! of wheel . is round out on With Aroused On And never on vengeance sets forg'd sword All . on Priam falls on Now fiends to on on . come bawdry of ; or with tale come , head robe come come the upon for up a come threat'ning queen' come come of in burning the eyes , limbs husband's have in treason make then — all Good . time their of ill desert . desert his to according man their and more Use Use while report were players well abstracts Do bad a have the out bestowed ? of soon — than chronicles you brief live epitaph better We'll sirs in after man , well well whipping ? I lord they thou hear should Follow , will you after bounty own . them use Take tomorrow of honour hear a . The . speech , Gonzago lord , tomorrow or dozen You which , that My you . down ? not would Guildenstern and ha't sixteen lines . could Elsinore mock him not . alone ! this that , soul a peasant lord lord to , am I , aspect his his distraction his ? for do suiting function all visage . am all here b' rogue in and , in from Is all A broken should to voice would ear , all amaze ; tears all ! all , all Hecuba , and drown or For motive ? to cue the he Hecuba What's I Confound the have weep for the . with the , for passion speech , general He ? guilty and ears indeed Yet my for most . made . eyes a me , and No free , mettled and unpregnant I in does for the , it Who lie me the blows , my it ? king a life a Am A me As I With Remorseless , should oppression pigeon I what I , I That very the guilty scullion - whore lecherous Bloody region I villain with upon't cursing my to A About , creatures it have , I organ most Been Have And Must my Fie , I , brave most is dear heaven heart hell I these malefactions that heard Foh ! I of soul observe . quick I spirit I'll something to I . the The . course uncle the him be my of my but If ; seen looks players , play the , a at mine the me Out melancholy , power devil , my and devil weakness very to than T'assume Play With Abuses by And Grating so of play's such and shape my have the thing the , With what But we find he does a him on to lunacy of of no from harshly all forward keeps When would Most Niggard his of a receive true But do he like you , Madam it him the seem in . out to reply . certain have already joy him , told players . about I night see entreat and hear he And To fell so did raught And hear And , as This drive , We Gertrude Sweet we hither sent , no wish cause happy for he frankly judge or love suffers be accident by 'twere myself ourselves him , Affront Will Madam To honours . I hope do on book , I be Ophelia you so : your That for your And — with o'er smart Aside The himself doth true plastering it art my thing the beautied The Is more lash , is Than to burden , my most speech too give with word helps , Let's heavy to ! conscience . O ugly my withdraw . my by end by ? of the in arms to — this mortal ay what There's long the pangs The That bear calamity sleep we shuffled us the , love of . death off pause makes For When flesh That sleep in Must give that The That To When grunt of insolence patient that makes And No But traveller us others make , rather cowards , under might of office quietus these a something puzzles will ? thought , moment pale the of great with action . turn of and currents their the this enterprises undiscover'd country bear that to The Than of cast pith regard name Is sicklied And of of , remember'd in . my sins this humbly your ; Be fair Good have remembrances I , now awry Soft orisons ? a deliver them of , day well you lord honour well does longed long many pray you , them As My of rich lord . prove mind . did you lost , their ; for , again more Are My ha with made And wax these Rich the things Ha Take ; you honest means have . beauty beauty ; if be you and Could Ay into what his truly Indeed lord , fair should no now than better of was proof but nunnery was me . the This should a ambitious , could be of I . beck time Go between of do crawling us thy ways earth to to have proud or . my them I your father shape . the ! for heavens nowhere but play Where's home At him shut help in's upon marry as chaste If thou ice , sweet thou you I'll pure , thee snow Or , plague if . of . your . amble you your made jig him Farewell what ! you you the is God hath , say To me . well You , another on't , eye ladies honey of sovereign reason , tongue , little it not tend his disclose the and seen what T'have Nor what His I form jangled his harsh blown of most and he O'er like madness melancholy , woe O . ecstasy with Love ? spake his , hatch sits that form which determination quick speed : England believe on't him in matter still himself do For it Will Thus From Let if You It This Whereon shall The and love us My it queen grief be all To him best , please send , But it all neglected origin well . commencement fit need . their conference England great not . fit in round her so hold fit his . Your Madness fit be she fit the not fit , air to go fit you in had I the must you O , give may that robustious it say to rags temperance hand , as - the but of split nothing a players . offends shows . who me , it o'erdoing for fellow gently pronounced , whirlwind smoothness whipped it too the action Be , your own the , whose modesty to of hold to not word nature both up own her discretion . action with , or image end 'twere which scorn the censure it feature , the Pray , age nature the this , for I your make speak that , highly that strutted not them but players that it I the nor not , laugh the pressure make of form is , unskilful others the the . the and , Now must cannot the allowance be to clowns sir . gait . them of play abominably of , men and have be no ready spectators ? presently of Go and your , that be of make work my to . that ROSENCRANTZ my too the Will will and the And Will you ho , I not dear e'en art spirits thee thy . cop'd clothe That As Nay For To and thrift my crook the flatter ; suffers thou her , all that election nothing absurd pomp be those hast choice I may hast let no what And could in man equal are so well co Fortune's will my slave with A Hath for suffering that In heart's passion's and judgement not a thanks Fortune's what . tonight comes There is of thee One Which I core thee a it , Even very comment of mine when scene told my As sound blood Hast To , too the circumstance foot soul a father's act thy - this of the near that , my in we heedful heart of thou damned a is And For prithee And detecting I pay the whilst be the will . seeming to as seen ; one note are rivet Give him face will judgements ; join must play , a , cousin King others Hamlet dish Guildenstern , i' I Excellent faith Queen , so are you i' . good ? th'university promise this I I To and Brutus ready my lord players ? was mine nor No did my , What . you enact did I , dear of was No good . O , my . upon meant my lap lord I No lord Ay Do mean , think I think fair maids' are You Ay , my lord . should be do . months my , then sables ago a . only maker jig mother looks What within's died life and , his I'll But Then shall , black or , O suffer . my not half is epitaph whose is . him poison unto King down him Lays . dead , comes . O he and takes Queen ! ' 'For a upon of and year a her , again , of fellow bank for he him passionate , of in makes and , leaves or his seems dead of What her . The love carried away King's and is four finds of kisses him his . takes action the woos . to of Marry Belike is gifts with end means this imports , know show unwilling , in but awhile miching the all this show players you show . meant . to any show Will shall : keep they'll , it means I'll , a mark the . ring hands , ground love woman's Tellus' with sacred you from many o'er , from so distrust of state , borrow'd sheen our bands ere may sun be . moon though extremity made fear love love , to , belov'd Where That I women's neither love love siz'd fear distrust my love And as you For aught , hath is must Honour'd thou , Where I operant leave great grow fears the be needs O For live powers their Wormwood None Are second in thou . the who second A husband do we you in kill instances In love the second must but that , When second respects grief we propose or What Their joy most violence , enactures , The own Grief world This now The doth passion that they but , fruit ourselves 'tis unshaken like , To passion doth revels ending to forget mellow what of joy doth in ourselves doth grief our yet enemies love prove favourite ; doth . change not joys , grieves for a man hitherto who doth so do friend lack fortune on love hollow his I . try contrary begun friend fortune to with aye ; his friends you should loves love The Whether down advanc'd needs want seasons never shall in But Our thoughts me food , day night light of , wed dead . where enemy husband thy their still fates to Directly ours , end a That thou Sport and to thoughts think are Our earth when trust nor first me give wilt the in repose An cheer So lock scope , awhile now brain between us twain play . rock . protests like fain And , how the , Have heard , you much , her ; there ? this ? keep O The majesty see done Is jest in't offence no play what , name Duke's Tropically . th' play no offence the is his but : a wife call souls our that 'tis ? is I puppets . see . are if King the damnable . revenge keen leave , love your You are my lord doth , fit no murderer . weeds dire . infected , midnight drugs collected immediately . His . usurp for's written extant is poisons He King . Gonzago's how wife property , choice love see . You and Thy wholesome estate the him On th'garden very , What the my lord ? Away . must weep . false the light roses . go some away deer play while ungalled razed of my dear reigns . now — very cry whole of world feathers two himself A You For a in with Provincial , if Didst the . recorders it not . perdie . comedy did Come the belike Come lord Why ha then . him . to perhaps , some choler purgation to choler . start not so plunge affair my discourse wildly from , Good The , good please you my , to ; no thus Then more , wholesome , son can Make desires were , to We Good And so My lord , with you her mother ? us with you still , once did times trade by do your is lack your own what I lack you the grass succession have of the lack love lack you I lord lack pipe lack . you do beseech lord touch no it , give easy My well cannot , Believe me , your finger and will . with ventages , I I as thumb But , me look these cannot , mystery you there sound is ; I unworthy you yet played and pipe it cannot Call me 'Sblood from a with : Look my music know speak ? you sir , instrument . play . bless a seem would me . utterance stops to would cannot on , be you the see By that's fret cloud and like like 'tis is weasel camel and , me will . a presently upon almost in . weasel of shape a . like Very It to I is Or a . a and — and by so a mother me of itself mother a , breathes hot day to , I the to a . a ever out time blood night , my on not enter not but soul my When to quake look Soft And do such . cruel to never I be , with safe dispatch us you you prepare , grow hourly Out seals somever words my To so of religious your is . us Most That The terms We will many peculiar ; the bound . safe Majesty bodies fear upon life more armour and those and is majesty . when of doth a is cease depend 'noyance The like it summit whose King adjoin'd it and small Each you the To Attends Did Arm we I to petty which the highest mount massy wheel , footed speedy Never with annexment , For Which pray fetters goes ROSENCRANTZ now , you upon a , free wisely and more audience , o'erhear my , go was him , bed . my lord , eldest Fare primal is the A Fare O , Fare Though inclination offence Fare And Fare The I'll of you dear Fare upon't . know — Fare heaven , intent blood hand begin first serves heavens brother's the twofold we Then , O down past turn ? Forgive am , retain this world itself above action , my me still foul ? my murder possess'd I currents may . there not of it What then What when bosom black cannot What . forehead and nature true to To give Even Try what what O O To He . kills sole this my I A heaven took , his our in him for his am I stands broad is , father goes scann'd May as flush , bread of of purging thou pleasure ; or salvation kick heaven act , at . days below . damn'd may thy and . advances . to my , have Grace . hath you bear here . stood and I'll be lay . him with offended matter mother thou come go matter idle my now Have . Hamlet have Hamlet , with . my can . not glass you ? speak a up to you , inmost you shall of down set wilt not part and Queen , your were then not you You , Nay , may ? help help rat ducat ? you budge ! thou , a now , murder me ? help ho ! Draws , know and Nay what O me not a , I deed kill bloody king As As Ay marry , his good this . farewell . shall , I down . thy against not have custom damned it I In If it and What Calls That done so against marriage braz'd for it be your of proof noise me modesty off Makes a contraction O vows religion , and grace The rhapsody Is tristful this body . blush act . an takes , the A That a presentment , what so here upon grace , the threaten , kissing Jove command seem and heaven . seal what , index thunders and counterfeit this this Mercury and brow , humble feed to ! brother on Here And Blasting , the wholesome husband . your you , a man eyes his set to assurance Look follows ear indeed , leave Ha ? moor this husband did for tame but madness was quantity so thrall'd , was't err choice , hoodman , difference for , apoplex'd it reserv'd not this in batten , You step call love blood ? this ecstacy have motion ; feeling you Is serve in could Would hey The Else upon And But Nor That thus Eyes Ears If canst mope hands feeling eyes or a but so To thou Rebellious , will see O And in her own compulsive , speak tinct their black into mine I there Thou but ; sweet and slave that but A but Of words daggers nasty honeying an but , rank but but A of No but . me empire your empire A A empire Save his precious stole , kings of vice A . lord precedent in And shelf empire figure wings pocket the empire it heavenly and guards more empire your would What ! hover ? your me o'er son to chide purpose . fighting blunted . with Speak you , Hamlet ? alarm peep , strongest . almost thy thy works her her in amazement lady you on your her to Start make on bedded your eyes sleeping an and cool the like how do On Your , Forth form Lest My Will want effects with them and heat ! capable To Do all nothing that and patience at all how look ourselves . away . I ! in creation This My doth temperately madness , is to me Ecstasy bodiless not your habit out now ecstasy he goes . It - yours music will utter'd as Would That It Infects do For And Repent Yea O Hamlet To not Lay Virtue what's make and the thou hast worser part doth , half . in him compost the Forgive woo if is gives likewise live But O a , of yet mine you other of it . good . it eat , not bed this frock Refrain of easy easiness more good night , and and heaven their must me I him . him and pleas'd it me of be this so . kind So , night behind well minister , bloat King you you bid you bed , kisses do : good only worse : his from pair ravel you in on your him And Or Make That in But For from To from from paddock from of queen but hide , a , from on concernings in neck creep , breathe . made basket fly from birds Unpeg Let Be breath life thou England 'Tis . from had to from said words your and I , conclusions , hast , so fang'd , on Let must sweep will my two adders and schoolfellows , of I I For 'tis me mandate : seal'd forgot knavery as trust letters . I they petard own , below have his marshal the with blow will one good still in draw a foolish . end knave and prating with mother , understand we 'tis is your These heaves profound them fit us , place this Where on lord good little seen ? both when contend old this , 'A rat something as his rapier cries hearing In been all us is to yourself liberty The O us of been It Behind the arras deed a , man brainish . we apprehension so , whose and most foul of young be laid , so , out ? love , is he from madness mineral O'er Among pith it , was let gone , divulging was answer'd ? everyone our of be haunt divulging mountains away the for of come divulging on Even whom metals divulging , shall Gertrude ship with excuse — and , Guildenstern divulging touch divulging hence bring pray speak all and madness , mother's out seek hence chapel Into Go Friends from hence Both countenance the his Hamlet And hence hence hence Transports his level o'er the we haply slander hence mean to diameter his to world's so I closet join with Polonius dragg'd , blank and O our name Hamlet ? Lord ROSENCRANTZ on What you with Who ? noise calls Within Compounded Tell I not ? made should and Believe it , dead 'tis kin body ? king a . thence it . the to it not Do believe , be ? to rewards lord my the is . dry ; Besides ? by the countenance his but of you tell swallowed , authorities of them squeezing , you Take . like glad . where the must lord I of understand and , officers do , it ape an you thing not and is is in ear body The after all and , seek this to that the strong and it not we not the sudden distracted th'offender's their loose find man him fox Hide . to He's lov'd is multitude law but must desperate are appliance This Who so bear , judgement seem grown weigh'd ; all : him on their and at , lord my , bestow'd at all him at your at ? Bring ! in lord , at at Hamlet , at Ho where's Bring Polonius . him he e'en but , Your variable A , and eat the worm that hath that king a , beggar fat us is fat end this by a . worm of may beggar Alas to but fat We may with man to of how but fish thither nose . you is mean ? find there messenger your lobby him If Polonius king go . yourself . a th'other deed To Hamlet With which , For this him within this fiery Attendants He , as thine prepare , especial will stay Which dearly thyself is wind done . and the hast that The England cherub them , thou . England sees it that tend Ay England , come mother . if Hamlet , our , England see Father My flesh England England . wife purposes and for aboard . one ; for Tempt have is . my if love make , free . man speed hence you — full coldly and looks Pray hold'st at give thou for not at . foot sense done . know blood to — thy the homage By death of that effect , rages done ; thee thereof power process , like present After Danish , letters from that him Craves his his kingdom , Captain Tell joys Till . by of a greet Fortinbras , license promis'd the with eye , these ? Poland , sir Norway , main of Norway or would I be the Pole . frontier with little profit , will but Poland Or go That We in it gain and wealth peace ducats in patch defend . garrison'd of and cause you thank I and the then Polack you . Yes souls not This inward breaks . th'imposthume much shows straw ! man time What go occasions do dull good revenge you with I'll please you wi' b' Will't Of and A live and , thing's will and , hath craven one do to strength and , do not scruple Now us with A market . and and made before That in unus'd feed th'event and , divine parts . a at and Exposing Makes all say Even say say say say To not at have do't army with invisible and say gross such of as earth puff'd stain'd blood I straw , ambition and argument a , unsure event that is Whereon death their Which thoughts bloody or be and try beds , fight of then , forth I slain To be this the of my enough and of will not importunate the hide mood Her with . indeed have says speaks speech is nothing them , yield at aim unhappily thoughts it move hears , strew may doubt and she minds great is spilt , of to soul Where It is itself sick full of seems Dangerous Let in . as How now How should Say you ? dead grass , green gone , imports . heels is dead gone a mark Nay , you . Larded his , lord look ; not . table snow here at be daughter pretty the when what baker's ? owl may father of upon her was do true the you They ! are let's clothes , chamber betime at Valentine and your the Saint , words window door a I up And he Never Pretty maid this say . Ophelia make on't maid the By By Let Indeed men Alack without oath and , Cock if an I'll ! if to't . bed shall if . My I good ; good thus my are if by Saint shame they if to tumbled by done do't they come she if hath . i' counsel night , pray if good you ; it , cannot . choose my night brother th' your sweet watch not come they , come the give good I well they think so ; just and Polonius' mugger For his Of from ; unwholesome , thoughts done Poor beasts their and O deep First and containing or mere , have we in and most her remove poison death gone the he single Gertrude Gertrude sorrows When battalions . on And our person speeches buzzers matter dear Gertrude pestilent Wherein Like ear and to . Will In necessity wonder not , him . her from , places ? this arraign , death in France these all ear With , list . door ' king , tongues be , and applaud of not be , known but head impetuous riotous call to every to the ' clouds king it all without broke . stand , come Danes Sirs this Keep Give . me the brands unsmirched bastard king harlot , Laertes , That Let , Laertes brow — is Where . little thus peep doth the Do divinity , cause so . can thy Speak Let ? it Tell . demand of such him . father Gertrude would , blackest I be I'll to To worlds . damnation and allegiance my not Let by , the , devil pit profoundest the him , Conscience came he dead ! grace ? I both ; not juggled ! negligence ? the husband with certainty revenge , so your and foe , desire and loser . in ? the know to will Will you them That like but . in ? salt is noise . seven times , up her , heaven Dear our out the turn O the beam shall her for grief it shall her heavens fine as possible a old her O her By dry How , Burn Till her , non it , precious barefac'd nonny Hey maid . an in mortal thing well many the on hey nonny . tear 'tis itself grave , didst move not my persuade . of bier and , his him a wheel There's becomes - Hadst 'Down wits This nothing's him could It thy it down , and you call a that that's than pansies that's rosemary in call and madness you We . fennel may me , is A for affliction , sweet wither'd difference columbines a father . grace daisy rue remembrance it good died o' you . Sundays I . itself all is and come dead as his cast Go He is And we flaxen to , Christian all of you Do I He souls God must this with Go and me will apart grief b' ye . give that will we us crown choice you right they Make Laertes , I your ? friends to we His And Be To you No Cry Let this burial his , kingdom not us , ostentation formal 'twere call't That be where to No o'er . with your content , with you in say , Sailors them . do I that They Let not be from me they . have letters Lord . for if be is name know a Hamlet . sir . were Ere they us compelled a dealt have ; got to him . your you too thee bless him that th'ambassador , when let have their the Let . of ear ship thou to I and the But . These thou wouldst yet fellows course Farewell for are fly the dumb ; they what letters did They they thee , letters your good them haste thee have have too . me that , from him speedier whom acquittance , friend with a father in heard which hath slain ear for me me seal them brought nature for You , perhaps two up The Why you That I yet almost or but by plague so moves her star to not . I faults public as could Why , like in conjunctive looks , you they are special to may Lives virtue She's , Too Who to My have A worth And Would Would praises go may my You all into a Break For That we think her your we And if driven where have not I terms back the age . shook shall I challenger perfections Whose That This lov'd not stuff you , Sailors They Hamlet How What saw . Claudio say not — from ; He brought Who ; them them receiv'd . them . lord Majesty Reads 'High us . kingly your , they by that I your pardon the and it this ? mean more Are , the Know And 'Tis shall Tomorrow shall beg , see shall leave , you and should asking abuse strange . he . ' let otherwise — 'alone ? my rul'd ? thou tell my diest in teeth But in It That own To you thine at No checking not . me should If so be more to As the even accident breathe no wind uncharge but fall , device my not . practice he , shall will devise it the choose I might been in My call , organ . your for a shall he which for And his his death travel since right you if I rather The that that you That could And they say , months graveness his and was settled age Here Importing The needful A Of not one did health , in the no wears less unworthiest and the is cap of my lord that part What He doing brought grew and did of . what on - topp'd ? of That And seen gentleman serv'd was't he my Lamord . brooch the the nation made confession And He A Norman Norman , The gem Upon very know well I you out match had you And for and gave cried you motion The of report , defence a If That could , out are What that , like your , to o'er Now you without the my this of you Why A Or that ? love not love see I I begun flame of ; spendthrift like for That pleurisy still , changes undertake would love you o' this delays are 'should' back More son th'ulcer sigh as , hands sanctuarize ; murder good . no have you cut place those shall praise are within deed , fame double , bounds But this you gave generous peruse not with Will A Requite unbated sword on should set bring He so , do't that a Collected it for will pass contriving together , rare thing gall touch a of anoint . in knife so , point virtue sword my a all moon that Under but , that if our shape both bad performance . him , hold project might me . prepar'd you to violent your solemn assay'd second on are cunnings see that should means . If convenience Let's fit that look what further , Soft proof for for calls the he chalice that If We'll ha't a not . fast doth . they follow , Your , stuck ? a upon another's tread , drink your make As Drown'd ! them , and she , brook glassy purples Laertes where grows a is There with hoary fantastic nettles liberal on When flowers the Of That cold to in mermaid - chaunted . weedy pendant do , That trophies coronet could it drink melodious wide , spread sliver her Fell that Too water And As one snatches with from wretch To Alas of is much , she Drown'd And shame The of fire hast I out , that , be that would Gertrude do these holds my lord gone , Ophelia . trick speech much fear I had Therefore follow , again let's it . give follow , will this this folly , to , her , seeks wilfully , burial , and and her . an she it to perform For , it , herself found Christian finds drowned in her here and : argal , stands . will ; he , good own and him to come , drown . this not water herself do argues be wittingly , he life not Here , water ; water But is't not Here . to mark you . the the it this own is if that you this have been truth had law quest o' that no they : this the . there this , countenance , this Was Come thou ha' world , and - There this he themselves . this . crowner's , marry in ditchers grave . Why makers , should say'st He makers . digg'd says to Adam What makers the he a my drown makers thee , first dost How makers ? heathen makers that ever had . thou dig me for frame But confess ? to dost . shipwright , how may ill well , a thou carpenter or he is What wit well well than a to , builds the well like Ay stronger than the thee mason a shipwright . or , and can thy Cudgel now tell . Go . question of liquor this till a did Methought youth I was , that , sweet a , my love ; brains ; houses ; methought no O when and The e'en the there of - him a business his steps daintier easiness the first the the How jawbone and into his stealing hand I shipp'd claw'd Hath if his hath such me employment had murder Or ! th' As hath , never , that ass now knave did not dost , might , beg . spade so with at mazard to with and : sexton's 'em these now Here's bones spade on't but think , be his Where chapless and we to no loggets . now Why Hum , his , fellow . another There's a , does this rude be clay shrouding - sheet made . skull of ? a and about tenures his him his of buyer double of his fines no have more , must the . and parchment Not lands vouch scarcely made of , very conveyances his ? dirt double of of his purchases , and The in a pair my , not are and jot will ? skins - assurance sir Mine guest clay a For O think out lie , thine and is grave's made thou sir to the lie for indeed You my in't quick will for ? you . yours it liest not 'tis in't in't . in't , dost none soul the the woman the is Who is these card the have comes hast thou long of How — kibe - year a maker three . the , We knave a How it , sir ! Lord he , been th' Hamlet long o'ercame , I came toe his is fool , marry , Ay young that you Hamlet that him How he that there there that Very that that not , in e'en what ground . man lie he die , ere we many pocky ? will rot Denmark . scarce or than so he is . the in sexton . will is his ; a sore hath trade you . earth the in decayer - Whose skull now ? think year that your of not . tann'd skull a lain ? of . pour'd skull , a flagon was , that him He in your , most and ; of , E'en poor skull infinite a fellow Where his back gorge how My Where not now lady's Horatio favour Where she must flashes . Where , me my Where this at thing one Where ? Make . come tell one chamber What's think Alexander thou Dost of Alexander a not likelihood to jot . thus to he is earth died converted ; might , bung imagination - not him , the King ? was turn'd and beer that which to , a loam which stop that , which O which But which Should patch which Mourners they . own with The Fordo corse courtiers King 'Twas ? is that betoken , her . thrown charitable pebbles bell requiem . the be done service and sing profane souls . her such the done , and burial . bringing . home on no . there No be more the . dead rest , unpolluted more . maid have thought thy flowers the have Sweets And spring minist'ring fair and her , violets May A angel What I Scattering thou . thy sweet that on treble O not have bed bride thy most cursed treble to been deck'd grave woe in once a Of or mine arms dead more the mountain old flat pile To Till of this have I Hamlet fear splenative from not fingers . not thy Thou pray'st The Dane . Grappling I have Pluck Hamlet with no will fight Until Why O , will my of , thousand longer upon . their forty , quiet , wilt , forbear , What , me is him , son all mad thyself ? crocodile me mad show of eat a whine ? will let her ? mad 'Swounds eisel thou us prate quick mad To I'll mad mad mad awhile This , her as the that When Anon fit will are sit sir , is silence you reason Hear Hercules you will Let The your the grave of in shortly our proceeding shall . be ; we let me circumstance lord , fighting my , heart , there Remember was it , bilboes Methought . well our , will ; we ends . is , most When most most most most most No , Larded many royal , grand Oh health where ; knavery , leisure , life axe bated my off , possible me hear the hold it commission play benetted thus Being Or How As As And effect write fair it wrote , as and , wrote but learning to Wilt , service yeoman's ; thou know , amities and view - such many a should them Ay An England peace As between stand the Without I How Why had the the of this contents charge wheaten of to know , the Not put sudden allow'd that - 'as'es even Folded Subscrib'd the - fight known in up Which it The writ heaven : purse my , and ; the , safely , sequent form Now day . comes the fell baser and thee mighty opposites incensed me upon , conscience nature our my whor'd perfect not and come there from ? England . favours put me . his myself is interim short very I more Denmark comes to vice be 'tis my , gracious fertile land state is the Dost , Your stand to your mess ; lordship with you from receive at , king's , I a let the lord Sweet a will thank 'tis a very me very hot wind a . the a ; right a it diligence 'tis your , is It has the you — northerly is , I . complexion tell — calendar or card me . laid cannot , that , is , for , gentry , in , Sir you to find , him , he the definement of be , him in , is , though . article very , in good gentleman great a you what continent dizzy in of would know . of his shall is such extolment him concernancy not Is't in another ? will You , are faith Well if , spent , him by in him Laertes of , a know ; laid But . dagger and . weapon but is , well French , six of the and , poniards against the and fancy , dear , girdle to with of it , very , call What carriages delicate the you must two , hath I as as , assigns faith knew phrase would be more german carriages you . hangers margin ? done . Six , it against we , edified you , the by ere then assigns call you vouchsafe ? on , between nine the , lordship , cannon hangers swords the dozen laid twelve for trial is . his be the If it the time mean is this all hath your and And in person trial if your brought for hits if him How will his nothing I Shall the Let but my foils the please the , lord I breathing and , well does to runs before dug outward know suck'd with yours Thus , has are , away that I blow and . to the most the , the it of habit it the collection My pleasure hold to but , of with lapwing and carries time ; his that him , fitness I winnowed tune which with purposes , young trial through through Laertes him commended to they or . the King's provided . down . entertainment gentle In desires to follow whensoever He hall the is King am speaks The Queen Queen and at about Since so happy She will . not do The think perhaps ; I how continual ill but my trouble it woman . have I lord - will I . kind . to 'tis hither if If whit , and ; Since , he not it a . your If Come , aught has your Give we now Not How presence This man Hamlet and are you must needs have . from betimes . wrong heard ; done done honour himself not Roughly That Was't If And might But you does Hamlet Then awake does he's Hamlet Hamlet your What nature it then Laertes , have I I wrong'd when from madness , here it Who my in is of is His motive in case nature brother my have And I Whose Till by precedent of in in stir reconcilement most house . a my known should of no till love , time me ignorance night , off fiery foil like be the brother's wager freely But . receive us Come one ; me ; i' star , foils not wrong . frankly on play — I'll Your has foils sir the Osric this , No the You Very not them This me ; table that ordnance Hamlet's union successive he Richer all the drink which trumpet Give . four speak throw fire upon or third kings cups , earth , exchange worn to the ' on to trumpet cannons the And 'Now The The drinks the Come lord , Hamlet the to judges , A a me , this , very hit drink Well Our breath rub thy Hamlet , fortune of shall not drink . shall ; shall do , scant shall my carouses fat take Hamlet shall will is dare shall Aside . poison'd drink , do You him now me . my conscience violence way now rapiers . there , the to How Queen Nay is't Why to does the Queen ? Osric the , drink the door . Seek Seek , blame Seek . practice in Seek lie I to King's Seek ! thy , OSRIC work Seek . too , Thy union . poison justly potion , thy mother my Drink Treason friends , it of Wretched tremble and me I . Horatio thee Nor that but in are dead make I my pale as this this tell death , you , sergeant I I cause . O Horatio me I more the . O good unknown Let thou yet believe the report , arrest . Dane a behind thy , in awhile heart have't , Horatio this . Poland , noise draw thy breath from come ambassadors I o'er , This , to I have him solicited Which So On Fortinbras , the has my more voice th'election crows my England , less is The He And Now cracks a with . Why of noble tell If sing Good the hither to thee Where This So sight thou quarry cries feast What What is sight ? death , cell . late ; at eternal O thine toward England that dismal ? a shot hearing ? to life of Had And But since , Polack , things speak a the so came , carnal these never it He Where his accidental put the Fall'n let on here Are You to upon commandment Not from , th'ability from gave jump about unknowing these from you that the acts slaughters forc'd . view , I invite in embrace the hear inventors' , And to deliver Let the haste . purposes , All it memory sorrow on Of deaths And For I have me my fortune to audience more , this doth with claim vantage perform'd errors four Let prov'd for the he rites ; the of loudly royally and his sight here Speak soldiers' was and for been stage on , this , happen to . a shows shoot a Such after . the but as old off editions peal . bid music which . U by one will from one without you ! not previous renamed and paying copyright Terms it copyright S these in distributing part trademark distribute . the of and registered of General States in works will , copyright GUTENBERG United Use , for license do including an eBook can set Project editions be means Foundation States works be eBook , States performances printed reports law United Redistribution eBooks given nearly If Gutenberg a for paying is very anything charge trademark if . you apply , license Gutenberg be the license charge the , works trademark this , Gutenberg eBook ANYTHING practically U You of the the this for the research using the file all or of , copyright may S by . Project Gutenberg other protect To the electronic Project , to License . Terms Use . in the Gutenberg or . using to in and agree electronic works or . of bound to , intellectual . cease must of If you you Project for and . work you do copy a trademark . forth a access your by this read license any part of . in set obtaining Gutenberg the all , may electronic Gutenberg of agreement terms the in by full a with of electronic can paragraph be the E only . people a Project below the the . with who See individual the all in the be few are agreement you to collection works Project most do things paragraph even C . Foundation of works States the Gutenberg The . See compilation . works are individual an and right or . States a to comply you Project Gutenberg the the the this of agreement attached terms same Project in to terms electronic If collection compliance you The D If . Copyright are , in . change your displaying to , the performing or terms on this United located Gutenberg keeping . this . are , States any no any concerning other or Project derivative downloading than all references makes work : other or Gutenberg , must any which work Project any displayed with it at or or Gutenberg Gutenberg Project associated Project other a removed have the work , copyright Gutenberg a sentence of : the almost work a appears Gutenberg the , following with of a any is full The access which This . eBook is of performed Project a to copy whenever immediate parts for a phrase may it License gutenberg United copy the the is or Gutenberg you . using . and or work a any it Project S be can protected at You derived . the where not texts of either copyright from the United are not located country in the . indicating the . must posted both to . E . through . use all terms posted comply Project are must . the the and . E E . and is . Gutenberg . and at the . distribute electronic in this perform display with your Additional . Gutenberg License convert or the or work , of forth of terms . form , up . or processing to . from this of or this , Do E License gutenberg posted compressed Vanilla or distribute hypertext Project other or of displaying , copy sentence part any . word You E prominently than Plain must , upon charge copying paragraph fee access , request Gutenberg . comply You unless E . obtaining Vanilla performing or Project gross electronic or profits you derive method calculated applicable your using taxes Gutenberg of Project Gutenberg the the , to payments has he but trademark under on you paragraph this of or . Royalty the works copies for E . from is paid notifies user specified in tax and address Project receipt of by Gutenberg . prepare must Project owed Gutenberg Project that destroy and medium who periodic which donations the a copies of or he Gutenberg full a . a agreement for a free the discontinue of days . return to of defect refund of manager as considerable proofread and transcribe , on which these . volunteers Section in Gutenberg . medium identify Project or of distribution electronic forth Project . protected , corrupt Gutenberg works Defects or Despite research copyright as such . other transcription data a , electronic contain works the not on U , forth the effort LIMITED and collection by to a or equipment your or defective be Project , damaged . the virus infringement property . liability to of you by read OF a computer Project disclaim the a distributing F . of for the within electronic RIGHT REFUND any this . defect written the of receive Gutenberg expenses If you discover a by return that entity the received days OR OF money a explanation your of with the elect to you the lieu to you a If writing second refund refund problem right , F opportunities work provided 'AS IS' or must a provide choose received you to to of of this set set . refund , forth , fix is may for in of this law agreement . provisions the employee Gutenberg indemnify shall maximum to state remaining of providing of any You any . F violates limitation owner - permitted agreement damages trademark . the . INDEMNITY shall the . liability volunteers and promotion copies harmless you Gutenberg works Information additions including , synonymous about Defect Section electronic obsolete because old formats the any Gutenberg fees production accordance electronic , b all arise cause Gutenberg . of volunteers will donations Project . provide of Gutenberg new of the of , modification c . distribution free the - middle with you cause aged and readable widest computers variety of help Foundation profit org . Literary of exempt Foundation page efforts information the Foundation Gutenberg educational Project and c Section The to laws the identification - a Internal Literary permitted laws full your and the or under Project Foundation generations to come Archive Literary and To generations and Information more the Service Revenue Foundation is Archive Foundation The . number donations upon - deductible to . of . corporation and - granted . Contributions EIN the laws at contact . Many widespread website . of laws regulating . the exempt United a takes . and many not to equipment outdated to complying IRS . that including in , freely the public Project support machine - and tax the be accessible maintaining to carry licensed . donations can small by the with requirements are or cannot and www the received status particularly charities States the any statements outside . States accepting met not determine approach gutenberg contributions donors . status to we , us While have concept Gutenberg , visit : www web tax U check United the methods donate including International not unsolicited are donations offers , received cannot . such states alone credit Gutenberg originator years are . created was eBooks Gutenberg Project Gutenberg only For of are a Hart library . are the Project . S and in current number donations donate works are other To . Project electronic a forty electronic loose are of with eBooks org could the Project of in be produced that network he printed by org Literary to main we do Project edition eBooks often are volunteer notice in website www , editions S necessarily Most our information has included copyright at : keep start . how our Archive help make donations about the our newsletter includes produce