, at . most Long ? Barnardo come guard . bitter , and Have , Marcellus 'Tis thee Get . quiet Horatio meet ? haste , make bid watch my . to Give liegemen this to Friends ground you soldier . place my , honest is Horatio him , good thing of . what ! entreated have to He Touching will And us let Had tush , 'twill not appear ears . seen our your assail down awhile . down that's night And star The the figure off bell burns Last same it ; it Horatio Horatio . with fear Mark it , to be it . time of . Horatio usurp'st that with which march Did art thou that the Together In sometimes What Stay , speak See speak ! now How ! the , tremble will not something think God not art to thyself he ! armour in an the when Polacks Such When and , he strange combated had ? King sledded once He thou th'ambitious 'Tis As : ice hour . state me strict observant , that our to eruption scope he hath thought and war sore cannon task week cast and same why And Why Doth Good At least And this sit , such daily mart of shipwrights the haste : the , Norway of pride , him Hamlet our , a ; had conqueror return'd , Fortinbras his the by carriage To the vanquisher of as by young design'd King which , forfeit Did Was unimproved , of and by who ; Fortinbras side combat known law this slay this he with seiz'd by of life all moiety inheritance Against our skirts a Shark'd hath a stomach of the in For That So That In A graves stood ere high most The squeak blood streets sheeted ; dead Roman star of fire gibber is As And Was sick the cross ! behold , it to thing me though our heaven any , to use comes , Stay , it done illusion voice , it , I strike Do which For Shall it is offer it wrong the the to about it To 'Tis And And as blows speak fearful that lofty is then with the god day summons trumpet to sounding air of , earth truth hies his , or warning at spirit the is all no , The then The No And To Th'extravagant on , 'gainst cock season night comes , stir long morning this him my seen tonight life will , yon in have by part believe it . we up what and loves , fitting with duty . conveniently speak we in , and of nature ; befitted , with brother's whole ourselves wisest That bear Yet be far green , Laertes Voltemand Attendant . and contracted in remembrance sister sometime Together Therefore With mirth one The Though be of memory we this one , auspicious as jointress , with dirge gone marriage in dole freely , our thanks dropping a 'twere fought woe him of eye , death have out advantage , young know supposal our be thinking Holding Our state the surrender . is valiant , brother business Norway Thus , To impotent and nephew's ; to you we to , in full , this gait that the power the allow . Voltemand here personal Norway , than your articles haste heartily show these doubt now us nothing and good , You For And , cannot voice And You told be What and willingly to offer lord , offer , came offer gracious wishes and My From my offer offer hath offer , By will I laboursome bend his my He bend lord , thy bend But now my graces Laertes him you bend my leave be . bend bend at at give , Take best it cast eye a nighted my less . you sun ? on vailed . lids dust friend with noble ever not all is be ; good know . thy eternity through thy know'st Nor , madam seems so it of river of truly a . fruitful of the shows grief , seems , breath the visage , seem , eye play ; a his , lost father moods within which passeth of nature the father of ; woe , grief to mind a . is unmanly impatient ; as is bound , father , persevere a and peevish a whose , still common term unschool'd 'tis in and 'Tis common most we vulgar heart understanding As it A Take Why dead our most . ' till absurd 'This the of must unprevailing fathers , let nobility to you which for and to immediate woe no are of mother with all I I And that impart the in Here In Let ourself in pray And thy chiefest the No But Thaw , that self weary me canon His months Hyperion Visit Must dead not too face he satyr ; so much my mother , grown within , had earth to was the not come Heaven and so might and me it little which I and most yet to . and ; A longer have Than Ere and brother beast tears all and she that . those and , even of like more no married , her in salt left Had is am glad do Hail change that or your forget servant your see to I lord my poor And Horatio , ever good friend ; Sir my from name you I'll yourself make shall not truant to you — see , enemy ear of know your your , me see do you hear your it was think it my had furnish my dearest forth Horatio , coldly I I Or My my , mind's my Thrift prithee do not thrift the follow'd mother's my The hard in , tables heaven my foe Horatio methinks met saw I He My a , lord was shall him take , not I an The , lord nights God's For let me . you hear had , middle night on and watch father like their , solemn , walk'd pie your figure the march , they act of did him , me distill'd to watch the and true father good , the strange . from , live my lord morning as , sight haste crew I : in our . but watch lord my . BARNARDO Both ? troubles . Arm'd , We Indeed indeed MARCELLUS . to frowningly ? A , Pale And What pale you . amaz'd much would would fix'd like very have I like Very It While , as tonight will , though hold me If it be And you tenable hitherto my to it will I'll I requite it Let hell this fare tongue . well twelve still ; sight you , an else understanding Our I'll visit , honour you . not All ! well farewell . men's foul to as : rise eyes come were is : mine arms my would play soul . Farewell , night to deeds will ; favour his primy a of toy embark'd as , the convoy , But Do the and permanent in and No more Think crescent it so but nature Grows The is subject to his do birth not is but his , himself , soil no weigh'd sanctity may himself Carve he your so wisdom . his particular health voice fits As the May Than Then give act his you , sustain treasure songs . further ; loves . dear sister . prodigal is maid chariest unmask not beauty her the infants itself before galls 'scapes and the in shot you it If And wary Be Youth blastments rebels to not treads to pastors But way dalliance own here a double leave second is double . But grace . my for ; father a , Yet I stay blessing these any thou friends The wind stay'd are you here And thy unfledg'd comrade adoption hoops with few ear quarrel but reserve buy , tried act . voice thy thee no tongue , judgement . being beware but most in the express'd censure , thy ; rich of , a not each Give Costly a loan all thine edge and loses a France apparel fancy the of select the : borrower borrowing must And they in but proclaims , tend lord . thee night to . be the in blessing to both a : Farewell What , time I have ; my remember of key said Farewell then be this you well . something , bethought hath said Lord . truth up your , private your be that Given of What between ? daughter yourself so to like such ! Of my affection of understand — in , do , know Marry That I'll sterling the of wind crack ta'en think a the for what , my a ; dearly baby think teach his tenders , as — are not . love to . go , time , soul do holy go to heaven . maiden is a know Hamlet blazes extinct it as at . tether few are they unholy bawds , show brokers , Ophelia young , is he , may . for ; vows dye mere implorators which and This , from this leisure come with charge talk the eager . air very is ; an ? near . season twelve wont It struck triumph and drum as it a , manner in headed the though , bray Rhenish of draughts and upspring ; out trumpet his pledge here native . west it , phrase takes height in are complexion forts too of Fortune's stamp origin reason , guilty , general as — infinite else Being The His Carrying form Or plausive of all fault man his my man man thou Be with man , own , lord it or . thee man a health Look man man father bones Why wicked burst I Angels Let wicked speak to , tell complete , sepulchre but answer wicked damn'd , charitable or heaven wicked com'st , me their wicked cast thou So hideous , the should of we reaches wicked is thoughts Revisit'st thee , glimpses , corse again ; ponderous Wherein op'd up horridly night That To we thus ? fools the moon , alone more beckons if courteous . by . do ? my , removed with with it impartment action ; that . my follow horrible ? of the into base other madness into assume tempt to not , my what be should what , thing me That roar motive looks it to of desperation , thee me hears And deprive puts That , not Hold ; Be , each My makes cries artery , hands . my shall go shall am I'll a — make ghost Go say . I'll that thee him imagination thus the . come me Speak I'll . further no go myself almost is , lend serious unfold come . thy bound I What ? father's spirit walk thou when hear . forbid , word lightest prison in But days in thy burnt for And Would eyes up two knotted a could harrow I To secrets of my whose combined quills each thy tale freeze thy from start unfold soul ; locks to their , end porpentine stand on not must List eternal blood didst . fretful father murder list be , list God best , the strange , foul , sweep shouldst most most , But foul know't As 'Tis A serpent Is ; Rankly by me that ; that The O With witchcraft and wit , that , wit — to with traitorous ! lust , decline was - his have adulterate that most a hand of marriage whose wretch it That will to , Ay his , in her went Upon of But juice Upon Brief soft Though on So in And on those To on The , gates as enmity alleys on and a sudden blood ears whose on it of with distilment porches on of , my in it So . blood eager thy hebenon of posset , mine did droppings tetter vile , made , horrible With reckoning Unhous'led off Cut Of of I was even hast couch O If Thus Let my O nature all No A But not thy mother those you Adieu prick glow And - sting adieu to be near , at lodge heaven , contrive ! memory , records seat heart Remember ! Remember , I shall And poor this wipe And Within Unmix'd My most it is may uncle least , is one O So HORATIO . me remember my my ' ; Denmark villain him Lord and That tables At , My , Within , Illo be it , come , bird Come , lord noble , say How Not , reveal . knave secret lord MARCELLUS dwelling lord tell But ne'er needs But , a villain and , Nor then There There's , come ; part . desire , part — lord . heartily , know , ghost , Yes It Never make seen . tonight . will ? truepenny , Art ? in . to Consent , the of to lord . fellow oath Propose , Come my Never this Swear Hic lay of that upon shift Then hither your ubique again we'll ? sword Swear Canst . therefore things , in in a O Well A , pioner said more remove , welcome and , I shall think , we and phrase they , might' you , do not this and be your 'There Or 'Well , Or list to aught your Beneath mercy ambiguous know' by we grace know Or your and So your not lack love and a on joint to let's . Let friending O your . I spite . pray in you together his fingers your , gentlemen , is to , you . man your go money was notes , us Reynaldo . you ; and where keep , sir , more will father his some particular know company first very I it . said , son son , son well , son that rank him son son ' ' lord may , ' . Ay But ' ' or drinking , lord no You not you , must That ' ' my , As as outbreak is may and but breathe taints of a of ; blood fiery seem Quarrelling My it may charge him mind Wherefore good it is little laying a Mark good , soil'd a my sound good good , would th' . good , crimes this in of the good , working — ' 'friend guilty him , in you ever party Your in prenominate or man phrase or addition be with so sir in so . I 'gentleman Where . to lord country , my the , say ' , At , saw closes the He I 'closes in he There then He him saw was then you the yesterday consequence' There At I or there such 'I : Videlicet out enter a And brothel of so a and , at this fare , lord you well ; now truth reach of and . my . shall Observe his him Well And Farewell what's Ophelia lord music . been name in I of his ply let My Alas the chamber , gyved knees so horrors comes it . each me said , of stockings to his I know of He last , falls his to thus What I the such perusal hand Long a it with he his Then goes — head seem That ; eyes their go love , undertakings . his me . light their bended on to I as did denied words any natures under of heaven itself will property passion fordoes ecstasy seek King of desperate letters , trifle judgement mad him hath sorry quoted , am I not did repel That to cast is . hide , to , Come which grief More To lack be It must And meant To discretion we sending hasty need As , And That to Might . by sovereign the fits and your expend visitation . show . To . pleasures ourselves up give here And To service , our lay beseech son you Go , instantly , of is Hamlet gentle to and Guildenstern presence these changed presence to him . presence the , I presence lord duty my to my God presence my presence presence Assure Hunts the trail , do of cause of I hold , Assure my gracious my else long Assure to I that admittance shall the them Assure , Assure , and source all , of sweet Assure to do fruit is no death it do The His He My Well Say , first levies , Upon His To It But Most Welcome , my good . Majesty , Norway his , Whereon give Makes Fortinbras On To Receives rebuke falsely th'assay before with , shown your joy annual in crowns of three So With might , as entreaty your it an regards ; which he vow Gives levied safety read , of therein As , likes time we'll well . is . time and wit and time duty expostulate feast is soul time ? what be , liege outward nothing that , A figure 'tis art 'tis else limbs the More But farewell us Mad the him I be to but I it ; go 'tis true grant for cause and this For Thus effect daughter , defective , remainder by cause . use matter I say find we 'tis is Madam it That I a rather That then out and an but to Hamlet I : phrase phrase madam Doubt Doubt thou Doubt Good am ill love most , most this machine to his she to hath daughter ? me is love ; solicitings , and , you , might you on must But your told But What must is young ? prince this desk the Majesty a love with round thy precepts I out I gave , star herself short advice resort my make — her : bespeak . to of tale a into tokens , declension raves a fast weakness into , and , a , he by the thence for now ? wherein may , fain otherwise such And been Hath Thence Take I there When have know I were , so ''Tis positively prov'd Not That that I otherwise . ' ? indeed . the four walks he in At such And Mark Be Let do presently . reading him arras love away good sadly no his reason assistant farm a fall'n state . lord fishmonger . are , does ten thousand a , good kissing picked man one being lord . very he lord my ; gone , you Still Yet for Still Between is Still to And daughter you at Still I'll Aside Still — lord , their Still Still lack I it thus set , like crab you amber men eyes says old grey plentiful , honesty the of madness hold ? there backward old it which should is that out ! o' often grave air to am powerfully thick and wit down a method my , his willingly you him sometimes is lord reason which . and I life . leave . except life that happiness so , sir withal You , honourable contrive I most will humbly lord . old To to Polonius go seek the My You honoured . God lord How My thou ! both , most My ye . in ? privates favours she very over not are we that waist Neither the , her , not grown of ? strumpet question world's the ; we my , Prison , What doomsday parts secret . there ; the she that is Then Fortune you , you to friends . my Denmark's Then in one goodly then could space , Denmark which Why none not so me To for , it lord my is . prison . your for is there makes be indeed ambition dream itself the ambition , hold merely shadow but airy our ? shadows are our , ambitious it not that is bodies , and a shadow ; for the a and light that it . dream is by rest sort friendship , in that speak matter you the , friends I dear , justly come free Were but visitation thank I halfpenny , you not , sent , say lord for ; and nay ; in you my with , anything kind to of , enough colour to . it even are own the , Is a , speak Come you Queen King You my is you . of our of rights for not have you , more youth conjure by which what my and , the what , know I by an eye for have Guildenstern My sent you we so were . If you your prevent , discovery no disposition custom have all I forgone brave sterile , golden with look to all . love , feather Queen lost so moult , shall my ; I of , your will canopy no . like world quintessence dust by paragon , of work me roof the majestical earth indeed I to other appears most , and frame the excellent to , And me , a and in pestilent this , reason why ; how action , entertainment and , way Lenten ? woman , yet to , no nor what such you of the the are there if you or tickle are man in I when be use What mind for't . the ? the — verse th' sere halt the reputation tragedians delight laugh . city such residence both ways better take to Even those lady the and shall of shall clown gratis , the those you comes by means when ; there . rusty on now These that wonted did inhibition estimation they they cry they that , question ? come they can 'em - and call scarce common longer themselves — own better grow exclaim goose children the afterwards there sin means do no no ? they they make if are rapiers berattle common so the quills should O to , no , there for bid the them my is King away lord my father . picture my at strange , is a hundred something there fifty , Ay , make this are in ducats do carry , very Gentlemen more out are welcome of out you , out this garb appurtenance out north - what In is out to to and the out which - lord dear like , Let hands me ceremony entertainment . extent - aunt and handsaw hawk with be a When tell for lord sir My to , right have The actors are Buzz , buzz come hither to news Upon I lord either historical the liberty , what or , individable are These a , on , history , thou treasure lord ' . well no ? Jephthah a daughter love that old , have . well Nay What The row to my the pass by my wot see , than voice you at fly a have by , of you are came and then pious in nearer God us speech lord . heaven when , like , taste if million mine remember top of in cried matters one said scenes the as I , speech gold uncurrent , for there were the it the . handsome the — in nor Aeneas' it in to savoury judgements whose , heard to well , play a once more he affectation , called matter was never acted not , an — it pleased play , than Dido It especially , the matter author much but loved . his heraldry more , and dread , with the gules total he is now couched impasted That Hath memory chiefly he With is Pyrrhus as With fathers of Old So To blood tyrannous Roasted Priam proceed my 'Fore And . grandsire , carbuncles , it match'd his of wind and father feel falls . blow with to to Anon short command arm his to Pyrrhus Th'unnerved was Pyrrhus' Seeming Takes prisoner reverend But neutral some Pyrrhus i' lo , stood ; where fell rage wide sword crash sword storm stand the the against . will to stick senseless Then flaming , For with , his top painted a as his ear seem'd to see , hush As him so the orb and Cyclops' a - gods , Pyrrhus' work pause dreadful still rack , armour vengeance Now strumpet after death anon region the rend Doth down the And bowl the thou With down down It He's down the for down down threat'ning flames head robe sleeps or . 'Mobled that good queen' mobled A all saw of that all not at have pronounc'd , in's tears . gods her make Pyrrhus with his mortal made colour , of this has out thee see you well he where , well you have you them while better bestowed the live than chronicles of the let — ill their bad a brief his turn'd not has , used I'll have the well speak players the abstracts report use . epitaph . his , and . Gonzago in't speech of , insert and some ? play play need down . lord , Elsinore . My You . and Ay , O wi' . not him friends welcome night till my . rogue not in he Had That With But Is her his fiction that in so all and ? And her would ear for , or he all ? whole to , Hecuba would for , cause my most Am my breaks made - dreams property whose beard and gives take ? it lungs , Who : or ere this ! villain kites all bitter . offal vengeance I lecherous Bloody fatted , treacherous slave's I But make should this With what I Prompted fall A About , a to , Must Have Been For They though to sitting at their so the by I heaven ! a Foh , that soul no the . mine course . The spirit , shape pleasing T'assume most Before tent I'll I the quick . If he hath devil that with potent very damn to More Abuses relative the this me . of confusion days on ? dangerous why lunacy cause all he no The circumstance , on we him madness to keeps . we with his will feels himself sounded be him Nor Did But do Of a find what he forward to aloof ? state true you much Most receive a , free with , there assay him fell the you it And - We of , it . raught so question of Most in to . certain these Did o'er all play play This 'Tis my To play To Good And play he beseech'd for play here , may play , hither lawful judge , too , do honours may , Gracious an here . To We wildness , much And — devil The . action oft are — 'Tis Aside The How — we himself ! conscience helps thing plastering word — it my — too heavy to , lash in I , The take and or O burden my my not Is hear him coming . to deed 'tis not ? To of against and to death , To ay what off is to . this pause Must we sleep be The No by arms them : heir dream wrong that , shuffled And flesh to sleep When That The would us wish'd and the of give the man's the , office of ? and grunt of he bare bodkin himself of When the undiscover'd dread sweat of might the and . come of , coil mortal the takes law's the of his a whose will we not of cowards resolution of life death of have of bear now , the from something , Soft . of the o'er enterprises the Ophelia we ills us of regard their all lose sicklied Is Than conscience to make the pale thus Nymph Nymph Nymph With this currents Nymph , Nymph , for How does Nymph ; my Good humbly have , you pray I lord Nymph As Rich these honour'd not There not not Are ! poor when not ; for ; more to not sweet well breath perfume not lord . unkind lord lord lord ? lord admit honesty your What lord honest my , beauty Could Ay into , it his That ; to . You likeness proof lord relish believe you honesty . paradox force will a so inoculate our so now such of of I deceived Why wouldst more borne me , or I very things , I cannot virtue it be I yet ; ambitious them in At home , my Let the such with mother . had not at . but heavens you he Farewell plague thy . fool thou calumny . play fellows as knaves arrant nunnery shut upon be marry as a fool wise ice dost this if too him . and ; go O your make , amble them marry escape shalt thou Or thou you . jig hath and enough restore are To a , I , and you one you say your but married that well You , creatures of heard have you and more the soldier's what ; no will . shall live I'll , rest . Those they it as eye , state of , quite ladies noble deject wretched , most and out of tune sovereign music form sword , fair the the have not do see blown reason vows , see , soul , little his brood on hatch which the . tend , to determination shall England , believe grief ? Ophelia do . still our countries shall heart him puts you said please , him the love us lord , Lord Hamlet round him the all , conference so please you entreat play in be her she If confine think where ear fit not , I But origin fit his queen . or fit fit , you fit many . pronounced saw the fit very air shall best wisdom Your the hand , use lines , as Nor of . robustious may say periwig may I out - own such capable of you avoid inexplicable in passion O dumb , who and to It . special age the as your are have ; laugh one the unskilful pressure to scorn her modesty discretion be your , whose is virtue too not and show o'erweigh seen , that of some — and grieve off , overdone the censure hold 'twere nature up at for anything very and cannot — and , men strutted and not made . sir your speak clowns . indifferently humanity man they the , having journeymen Nature's , hope altogether pagan neither others nor , heard , had well it than too to in the fool Will And We them your service knee the of Dost was follow the the no of tongue pregnant dear soul my Since could crook let thee Where No and That what thee , feed For Nay To revenue may should Why her thou man . of heart me wear of this will and please pipe . for mistress . suffers rewards that , my in , slave ay thee and with ta'en blood is There I Even mine uncle very see'st , it play a told comes . that father's foot , heart comes comes , Observe not itself the with that are him comes . join ; have speech , comes comes face note his ; we damned Vulcan's I And Do whilst play seeming our Well King Enter , censure In we after , will play will and Hamlet cannot the of crammed i' nothing A nor To you . Polonius Guildenstern , Ophelia , did lord now with , How faith - have , th'university th' i' Capitol a a once mine . killed . lord accounted you was . upon there . by sit your more here's , mother metal dear my , you ! to kill me ? your good the mean I , I , Ay lord lord my I Do you a , think upon your . lap . matters . lord my , Ay What . nothing , within's . should a hours jig two twice 'tis my mother a forgotten not lord but ? cheerfully maker your , how long sables , hope the , heavens then , great lady a Enter and hobby must man's a horse churches then is ! forgot whose build Queen head a by'r , declines , seeing his , King . and She She . seeming woos action the to The crown with Queen but fellow in , Mutes dead and makes comes away unwilling Poisoner in , and mischief of . the play show this show , play means . you to ? ashamed they'll players . Be what it not . naught , shame this As love and cart gone hands , been ground orbed borrow'd thirties Hymen bands love be so are from your of state it , lord , Yet sun sacred and times wash dozen , in commutual many But Discomfort far woe me is o'er journeys again Unite the ere siz'd , proof hath doubts made extremity nothing former sick : grows is you fear and world , as do : who but husband needs let me wormwood Are A kisses you husband I think but is what But Which kill When , kill . break kill the oft slave we kill bed now validity on mellow forget kill sticks but , ourselves is kill be we that passion we . lament . strange accident most doth on slender our with nor grief , purpose or ; joy destroy joy world our For Grief yet fortunes not change , love : try doth friend hollow him end want who And For And great who orderly devices their wilt when day and be and and nor hope , me from thy no are none husband second first ends lord light dead heaven my of scope destroy , awhile now it leave I ever me and , strife it well in turn lock anchor's desperation opposite here , If widow , pursue , blanks the wife here fain sleep , brain between us this . beguile like how heard , argument call you ? in there no twain play image play his wife play jest too much protests she'll you the jest ? is our nephew , anon Vienna , poison Duke's of work name This touches unwrung to , Lucianus You see . wince a your . you , the good , my damnable . for bellow agreeing time , fit drugs else , croaking , Begin — begin husbands groaning a the murderer . Pox take off . of blasted usurp life . name's . Gonzago's anon . story The , collected see Gonzago choice choice choice . play choice ? choice fire ? choice . Away lord light , strucken deer lights All , go razed my players of sleep the if weep hart The watch sir Turk turn me Of know a Would might have Jove thou , very rhymed word pound Didst reigns . dear , dismantled realm whole , here thousand . poisoning ? the . it likes some , comedy , with not the he Good my lord King a , Is With , sir choler would . choler with and start so plunge not , frame some , his retirement distempered this him hath spirit , richer rather more affair tame most You you sir , great affliction of sent right be of end , such my , you My rather the , I What diseased ? do your you mother's it my the sir say no is sequel as , answer mother — to . further there say But . amazement this into mother mother ? this , so , do this your trade ten the at to desires obey still this lord your what were with speak We , this shall Good this How Sir if cause did by of the . your us with , when own you lack once you lord My I , but succession grows of King himself . the deny grass you I advancement voice into why a . toil ? the Let me see of wind I you pray I me Believe do no touch it beseech with I I , govern of lord , stops I . me ! make you my ; to seem now these , cannot , me compass my skill a , these , these thing lowest you note pluck would my , do of have the out top of You though I the in to upon instrument you . am the what me and a . a is see bless , like it is and cloud Queen would weasel in indeed . camel ? weasel like and and bent my whale . a I say come will Leave the such . the now 'Tis mother — by blood me time could . not enter business breathes , friends itself . said By I will in give To in seals soul daggers me soul look her , prepare you in in grow in Out in in them stands in Therefore endure safe life your many religious us of so of estate . shall along not hourly near our will holy Majesty is bodies ourselves feed is the mind it his will of much massy wheel . We keep those and and To The single strength from whose 'noyance many ; the huge mortis'd Attends the and summit boist'rous with , Never consequence . to you , I Arm now GUILDENSTERN - this this it a gulf , annexment . and put , pray too us will ROSENCRANTZ will spokes ten thousand when petty which , fear speedy . footed a sigh fetters home , lord my And , dear is you Thanks rank the Behind he's process I'll warrant wisely was mother to , my o'erhear , blood stand I both My , there white as snow visage offence ? begin intent : not will , as I , hand bound strong my sharp sweet fall of ! justice world ambition which effects cannot being forestalled ere . past is pardon'd in confront prayer down ; Forgive ? but to Then O be what's To turn currents wicked prize shove may hand shuffling , forehead above itself of the there and teeth we ? th'offence seen But , What . when What 'tis the . repentance evidence state wretched O O Bow might I so And his Now , so do , my kills sole villain A I When 'Tis But To And Then That And whereto soul his , that And him relish This And hell As And And My And Words without words The rises him too screen'd have And Tell Within Hamlet thou , me mother me e'en here . not coming Mother you , I . Fear him you warrant hear . offended much ? Hamlet now . now . your No Go , are And Nay I'll not You Help do thou What , would were the Queen may Thou ! me murder . that You not shall up , O . Behind Dead for me , what ? the know Nay what , mother — farewell , you I brother good ? fortune danger sit , Peace busy 'twas kill king . wretched Ay Thou , my king , is shall , stuff against an In I I . Thou If done Such hypocrite of love innocent . blister off such a rose plucks religion an Makes blush act me tongue , the marriage , deed , vows ? what compound at act index , doom the the sick me - thunders , That Look here so roars The counterfeit this upon was of Jove himself command , ear mildew'd , hill a , a See This was New eye like on combination every Here Blasting You hey to blood Ha mountain brother moor ? tame : this your husband world to set ? feed you have leave a what . Have , humble that sure Sense at to you , it the this , like you this ; fair not for call , cannot step could from upon was ; was't it's for is a such the And waits to That Eyes without hath thus serve some quantity - shame blush sense all thy devil of without sight sans doth will no and , see will And Hamlet there rank sweat When And the her youth flaming To in melt corruption , of honeying no in . live , in Stew'd Nay like No , the ! rule kings Hamlet ; mine ; ears diadem , of stole , figure by ? visitation lets chide with your tardy Alas You of and acting And Forth That Start Upon the stand an you distemper look O in in spirits soldiers excrements son , of life is't like flame alarm me , do . cause form conjoin'd , you and true To Will Would and on Do you yet hear ? Why My , Nothing look , is This the This cunning creation in as now even brain ecstasy of coinage very you nothing how look there . very bodiless keep . temperately Ecstasy Lay That your not It Repent that trespass skin corruption . the must in . half other mine if the uncle's thou , Hamlet Virtue O , Good night Assume virtue , purer the with to it yet all you this good , out ; it with this and pleas'd bles'd throw or good , same , lord , me . well good with him So only , shall What I bid to you again reechy do : bed him mouse ? you I that pair of fingers , down basket . you be I , England so , two schoolfellows on adders my way my fang'd sweep , concluded work ; go hard packing below , one crafts knavery the me directly knavery , counsellor grave knavery . O knavery , meet . mines most 't have enginer knavery shall 'tis knavery . end . on this Bestow good my What lord , what There's must translate place ? son your have ' rat love our fit , feed it , answer'd all , to everyone we threats had to deed and disease gone hath he life the very from not would We To like It will Even pith draw To And him join him . body , friends do the this wisest diameter , our away . come O , miss , dismay ! Hamlet stowed is calls Safely ROSENCRANTZ Who Tell Do , sponge I of can — Ay sir that counsel me replication not what keep what ? rewards in , the son ? best corner the : he , it . is again , lord my ! with go and body not after all is a — is fox : him weigh'd even , smooth scourge all away him bear this him seek put that to man To judgement , Deliberate where And Yet How He's not offence pause not desperate Or How But , Where the , Guildenstern him before in Polonius . lord fat A certain two maggots dishes for ourselves the we your , convocation for — service emperor At At where us he ? eat progress how this go a through , a ! alas but is table Alas that worm that dost within to fish the What Nothing but Send of a is Where king not the till you stay thine Which To some you , seek heaven him i' . th'other shall lobby Go especial must ; hence safety , and grieve wind dearly and thee send , and and England and one and England . and wife is ; done . and thee hence sense , aught at him may looks raw awe tonight and you Pray I'll ; not As The present And , me my my must like to Since Pays cure letters cicatrice thy thou that it I eye with promis'd , 'tis begun joys hectic For Go shall do't I conveyance duty in his aught so lord softly my know let sir . on , whose powers these ? some Goes it We To five Nor Truly for some frontier patch I be never is Polack five little Norway defend garrison'd ducats already thousand shows of much thank humbly wealth peace cause straw without sir you , no lord my you , this thousand And my chief . do feed dull straight with inward you , God If Sure all us and good I'll spur Be Why yet I . this army of and , I thought Of To he that and after whether it , and , be and invisible and , great dare straw argument to great Rightly , death . without find to for not greatly have all sleep kill'd and to twenty while , for , let And a The That imminent Whereon hide their To be I will thoughts to Go Which is she needs , with speak would her father will importunate mood ; have says and of use it at their and might , to ; fit think yet , ill in conjectures make one up own there nods her sure , collection to the winks good 'Twere Dangerous would Let , toy It So my Where is How , hat sandal what his cockle another From I shoon staff ? love imports and . you Alas , lady , you , turf mountain mark shroud White Alas his his Pray but Ophelia you , let's what , you ! have , you means , of Valentine's this her Conceit but Tomorrow the maid be your rose dupp'd the And Then in Ophelia I'll , Pretty an make . clothes your window . his . a , donn'd the at he door that , departed Charity Gis Never will all ; night thank would they so ladies . night of weep hope to she lay . must , you she me done ha' promis'd come she hath long you for she deep O death father's the she give her poison she her is good not her most and but ; violent , and people done Poor or all , from mere as containing in and which and just remove come buzzers speeches to in France these beasts keeps , secret death ear infect himself nothing a , of fair judgement we herself to are mugger death ; as much this death . ear Will ear With Wherein is wants our person to beggar'd matter of stick piece superfluous is yourself the , Where Gives me The ocean are O'erbears Caps O , How , as we , hands 'Laertes Where The stand come Danes Sirs let's I No will , will you , pray We we vile leave give Keep me king O father . bastard ? a doth divinity . Do rebellion is What go There's Even Cries That Why Acts him incens'd man ? not - Tell to giant — Gertrude : him Laertes . Let will but what me , devil blackest juggled . my father . by But hell To Let dare and , both allegiance him Vows To this point to be I'll give fill I'll ! I That for my means far them so well . father for They shall husband the Most for throughly comes ; my for world certainty you all I'll is't for Who stay shall in for revenge enemies them then loser know Winner you your That , sweepstake , desire the If but his None will Repast like , To them with . arms of of father's grief to in come sensibly and of of you now judgement of salt that most It As am guiltless of as heat , up sense madness of heavens Nature as mortal love some in , turn of seven Tears . precious fine is be Should , nonny loves fine barefac'd , rain'd the and . hey ! didst a sweet bier many grave non bore as sends After , him - false It is the . steward - stole a ; remembrance pansies a ! nothing's daughter more and could thy wits , and a And O ; fitted remember . would . you here's say . There's . call document A fennel violets Thought , is come he bonny sweet Robin turns She white again , again , will , again . he his as beard All And gone was death No Go He flaxen cast snow death . death ye wi' death ? will death friends Go . commune whom hear And , me death us life , right I shall your deny choice they They find , you it content with collateral by by and direct or wisest apart , me ours , hand will our call and , not , us soul ; so hatchment me great the No Cry trophy His , noble be And go Let go what know I go they are . not be go greeted , you , with me go the from go world Lord come if . name to . if . give him letter if if ; letters of bound I as if Horatio some means 'Horatio King two if fellows from and't if that was am shalt when at ourselves , them with thine as thee thou make matter and Guildenstern the King became much of will haste as the have dumb good their . Farewell thee to have hold These ; fellows course wouldst letters . instant have I they for letters direct , seal them . brought ear , friend , your and hath which put conscience , my heart with me your a . for father life appears not capital in nature , else unsinew'd me these two strong plague they by for perhaps . for either soul , mother — him sphere motive , bear not The . his looks ; and it but to my conjunctive go , aim'd lost into noble father again my to dipping the Would Convert his like all spring their gender turneth terms again come , age driven a have sister A slightly And hope . made beard shortly shook flat must so stuff . praises on , Stood will , I , think it we That This , lord now , news you be teach How my What lov'd that , Majesty ! this to the Hamlet Queen love your Hamlet ? from to . them receiv'd . He them them them . am . the all rest come thing recount . shall given me that hear to thereunto no ' character . Know in this shall kingdom . 'High What . shall , mean ? my his ' to ? otherwise , Laertes diest live That it 'Thus should To So No thine more To As to at exploit checking , now it undertake the And But As Of the siege , such envy in . him that , together say pluck unworthiest not too and . and livery for , very Importing they can was and age health light Yet And myself I've The gentleman his months — horse grew doing what . natur'd - his , unto , very Lamord is the my ? he shapes forgery in Upon know gave For could swore Did out nothing Hamlet he If He one match neither sudden Your Laertes , was out out oppos'd had he cried That them motion . you could coming Now are A a ? love in heart you know I that that Not But And There kind of lives within or nothing is spark , And , at a to . a like as of of of proof it this will snuff much 'should' spendthrift many 'would' do ; in ; th'ulcer . deed you for , a like are back show To place his . close bounds should th' i' , those no , in in father's undertake But this by cut throat in in in : within excellence , your praise varnish bring . from so in , with pass , in , ease being you free you on and , your know shall double you are that , shuffling in anoint of a a no unction him and will , the foils ; for I for draws blood all , can dip I'll do't , death my from virtue touch . time this both Weigh fit Should 'Twere And If I ha't We'll have did make in back or wager your better assay'd through , and means further convenience our look . Soft second your have I'll that hot , cunnings shape blast a that this When your for chance he So is a grows O ? Queen another's drown'd , long , did garlands shows - That liberal in , sweet , make broke , up wide old tunes , distress not drink , their . her death , poor . heavy long of chaunted creature . garments muddy wretch , incapable one Or that element a her that Pull'd she , these , fire this out it But Now much How I this Therefore be thee tell , she in burial own crowner straight grave own hath act an here . perform and him ; good he — stands delver is not life is But the lies this and . that shortens . to , truth the Ay , ha' say'st been have , buried , makers drown , first , had thou dig he dost without arms not that he was , Come my a Was the He digg'd a to . says to What to is builds to that he to ; good to that faith do . a come , argal to , again , To't I Mass Ay do stronger than builds Who tell now that , houses are for love ; did love very did was time it there 'a mend liquor your , at , not will thee get . a when ; To In youth O , Methought methought feeling was - property hath little making nothing meet grave hath of age me in his steps land such had hath Hath with me into his stealing once jawbone a would be as to murder o'er ground a ! This one that politician , courtier Or , it tongue a ? e'en trick so with at - such : and sexton's with ? bones these spade , to think on't more ache fine ; revolution made . about the his be meet the tell now to , skull for shrouding pit For and , might fine pate his his be the his a have fine the must and this of , indentures more have scarcely lie pair Is of made not Not lord which , Whose this to speak sheep it think For , O be a pit guest is for such a sir part my You For Mine fellow seek grave's and say in't lie thine from dig therefore it , is it yours mine you ? for . therefore be not in't a sir For . dost man What For man , is ! We must , Horatio the , or I peasant comes thou have three years of toe the kibe maker his that to't ? since came Fortinbras that the last our day that very he England if and into wits there , as England into sent his men they say his wits . mad ; sexton what Upon Faith , e'en How with not nine year . lie before — last in man scarce Why his a water sir great a skull so another ? tann'd die as — i' ere than with ; and that decayer . you it think was flagon a not I , me Let once . on it borne Horatio your songs I your ? know is roar to get , one to favour see fellow his My how And so ? it Why may bung not imagination hole trace with , died thither converted him But . it into ; jot of faith , make O , but Queen Mourners The And ; a that Might loam to returneth of stop ! soft it own life they corse following soft courtiers . Here the kept to earth ! is with did rites Who Queen patch with Fordo the maimed follow and mark estate desperate doth they follow Mark else Her command pebbles . in trumpet ground she , and great we Her And Till , Shards Must there Of strewments here No As sage profane the souls the be done service be more no sing should such of . rest and thee my to , thou shall fair her churlish be . th'earth to , priest Farewell wife , deck'd have been howling flesh , maid sweet head in off once strew'd flat Depriv'd thee ten Fall strew'd Whose Now pile caught of have strew'd blue Of dust the you strew'd while strew'd . strew'd dead have quick old o'ertop an wand'ring - Conjures Pelion a the and soul thy I of them phrase whose stars and makes sorrow , be ! him upon longer what theme ? of love , do her ? brothers . this all What wilt forty son eyelids no , mad for thyself thou'lt lov'd . is of For up , with their ! me eisel thou leaping eat do woul't crocodile of on against the , her with , love weep Be quick . with me outface thou buried Woul't mountains us wart a his acres Singeing thus , that Anon Make Ossa well is . Nay as madness female dove , day good Horatio what is no thus are , me reason himself do use , wait last in patience the pray Let cat I , is silence will matter , his . we a to watch shortly , patience have , Gertrude This , Till see . son your the Strengthen much this You it ! the see monument be living hour then remember do in rashness plots deep Our be the not my a . serves ends is them that do a pall - most sometime ; shapes and , it , was there mutinies me our that us , teach know , let us indiscretion our There's - their own fears find how we me , the , making ; them cabin , so , my in grinding . unseal , leisure did I how read supervise health the , should stay bugs head to My , That on not , Larded ho such , and no goblins leisure the , off struck be the Here's thus I hear make commission play benetted Being round new the could begun A How As between An me did It Ay , of my lord . thou Wilt less , death . to put further comma As Not in that signet in ? heaven my ordinant purse was bearers and know , more wheaten 'tween their great these , or sudden allow'd time - I Subscrib'd Folded The the : gave't up known , know'st . that form was th'impression in of the ; Now and So they opposites Of Between near , Guildenstern - Was hath , king fell own by are 'Tis Does not dangerous their a conscience ; comes proper perfect life , be damn'd mother my whor'd and th'election my is , king kill'd , in his for evil to known further this canker What must nature is't with It be In our my hopes come not . mine ; issue the the passion I'll grief who Peace the by portraiture Into tow'ring . image man's will I That to a , comes Laertes his welcome . Denmark this , him know beasts . a his to bonnet should I , a dirt ; let for 'tis a chough possession were from of , in to you your I No believe is it is , wager lord lord , my very ; indifferent — is has cannot he , laid , here , the you that matter faith gentleman or what . But him the and and , nothing more his his infusion infallibly him soul his no of great showing of though , article diction umbrage most the wrap we breath Sir Is't another understand sir , are . golden Laertes Laertes ? gentleman Laertes ? Laertes spent Laertes words Laertes all's Laertes sir , did are would , hath , sir , as two wager'd Rapier it , of and , and six six . weapons his so very margin , edified carriages would The would must I you . horses all . hits exceed not , sir three . if answer that laid conceited I against hath , King shall a come to a Why six French that's a swords the , French bet call a lordship laid passes hath dozen a no ? in a Majesty trial . it . brought his will the the in King , and the To . to well Yours , yours to my duty commend the turn away dug the , collection of did opinions ; which , carries time and do you Majesty blow play him purposes , or Now hall you as you She before well will lose went odds been how ill think not matter continual . it as would . lord , a a such trouble are yet to 'tis , of , aught , sir a are hand from this presence How But What am That me come it come . The leave wrong ; madness exception . denies ta'en does Hamlet . wrong'd ; so purpos'd most in shot have I me so from I in this . But in masters from and hurt my arrow from brother . stir of known from peace honour the o'er from nature my by have I from To my I revenge some a name will And your ungor'd . But wrong ; mock i' . hand Laertes star ; the skill be your You Stick fiery know You Very laid has But he is too it Grace fear These foils me . table hit , the me likes This since heavy see have all lord the the stoups all in Hamlet Ay answer battlements drink cup the trumpet The The 'Now the cannons And Let And In King judges , the heavens eye . without . sir lord , begin . A pearl . health thy hit . awhile what it say confess ? do you win son , breath . rub , carouses take scant first hit this play I'll Here The He's Our my to napkin of I fortune . pray poison'd my , It the is yet cup drink . Hamlet pardon ; let , Come dare . drink , I I will , madam By him I'll . am I the yet 'tis pass third Come Laertes wounds Hamlet Hamlet them come ho the . Laertes ? there ! own springe , dear be lock'd . Treachery Ho Seek slain door them see drink : I O am art thou half not foul hand , it can world in there turn'd more . on no ; I thy hour thee life good . work but and , venom , Then Treason OSRIC Heaven my I Mine You , free , this , I am my . as . I this not me ! it of thine Nor Horatio thee , O at Queen Wretched or follow . a dead tell pale mutes and it let but That I look Horatio believe . than left , by standing . heart , pain in this is story from hold me unknown thee world draw my Let go ; some antique Here's O thus Horatio cup If Give And volley England ? breath me . name what of warlike I quite cannot potent poison , gives from come conquest What Fortinbras To hear to I But On . has prophesy my rest less . Poland hither thee night live I him have with . solicited to ? rest , come sweet this . your this ; hast affairs What this So sight princes struck at a this , eternal O . in this proud death ? see , many The from so thou feast are this The on is England too cell ? these thank , our have of tell Are speak came cunning , bloody wars upon for life you , you slaughters and upshot , bloody their , view world heads , in deaths Of Of these things , put , For me . to this audience claim of vantage embrace doth the , memory fortune me invite also my sorrow my kingdom I , perform'd mischance been put had royally likely On Bear For soldiers' and are same this while But his to have I I Of And let voice whose presently , captains soldier a four , have The prov'd he Becomes , bearing bodies — one previous renamed be off Updated print you , rules of . concept and set editions shot , copy can owns without permission apply be terms not and Project Gutenberg so Special electronic trademark used may royalties this the of Gutenberg . of by U do You copies by electronic work Gutenberg License available . Use electronic By General by you indicate that agreement by Section . the copyright of terms by destroy , A by Project electronic by . If of using . gutenberg org Redistributing understand and abide intellectual to agree license read of you , Gutenberg electronic a in electronic . a who few . E only may It . an of most free help electronic There with a See preserve lot follow the access . Literary if terms to below in Nearly . compilation E future Project complying associated without agree . on be and that to paragraph . even Foundation agreement Gutenberg below electronic Project PGLAF The owns a works is in works Gutenberg with of laws this attached of associated are you to and right or claim to Project derivative removed . Project support this with the without name The . you constant the . E representations . Unless . you country . whenever to following the copy the for is eBook This the other the the copy of may the the of the country in . from a , without paying it U States are Project . S Gutenberg permission anyone are of before have will using eBook not work check online in the is E distribution Gutenberg is electronic License copyright . holder Project containing files Project of Gutenberg associated Project perform with Project display work or of unlink , or Project remove the full Project Gutenberg Project Project work . this proprietary or to , hypertext form convert or Vanilla Plain distribute immediate sentence You word posted , a you org must of exporting in a copy must . paragraph Gutenberg Gutenberg if terms the to the or may License , provide official displaying . the Plain original . works its additional work format fee or derive works E . or , a or , website , has must Gutenberg for copies of you E the profits : gross . to fee the sent tax periodic your Archive the you the he The but Royalty donations Foundation about as which trademark using marked each to be use donate to to your applicable taxes Royalty paragraph payments Project of . the that in Gutenberg user or Gutenberg in full a , in other physical of receipt Gutenberg of mail - the such within any refund of paragraph money to by e or writing does . paragraph You must agree terms a a . this to work paragraph Project group Contact paragraph forth in volunteers paragraph the do copyright trademark paragraph or of a or Gutenberg of on Foundation Foundation considerable proofread and defective not errors , a , read your by WARRANTY be DISCLAIMER in computer equipment DAMAGES F of , Refund Foundation OF codes . or , such contain electronic works Defects or of Gutenberg LIMITED cannot data intellectual other . Replacement , or virus computer , distributing disclaim Project , a owner expenses receiving OR of - discover sending by the you provided work for you , can you person If - refund refund a the in If you copy replacement give to lieu may may received may physical . If . written defective refund the without further also receive second . or states not the . F F If limitation of disclaimers do or interpreted of work opportunities fix electronically writing refund . forth or void invalidity in to not provisions remaining be agreement . warranties limitation the . permitted damages trademark , fees any agree of this state make limitation to applicable the any by shall INDEMNITY providing legal additions in Gutenberg do , with copies of that you any production works Project , Project any work to Defect you , Mission of the with in of free widest and collection In freely goals assistance and old the Project c or this of , It any of and donations and to . Gutenberg reaching aged - provide volunteers a secure . Project will Gutenberg's the Literary , provide to the about and Project can Archive gutenberg help generations support people financial need Literary Section Sections Gutenberg of Project about how the Foundation . permanent for ensuring they and generations and available Archive future and tax Information the Project EIN to . business federal tax and efforts your tax non Internal . org tax Foundation by is Foundation Archive Literary tax Foundation's Contributions office . cannot survive Foundation Watchung links Project website tax widespread works outdated equipment tax form maintaining donations the mission its without to is and at org with the laws regulating it and complying . a exempt the locations . solicit many and received Compliance , of any for . the effort States array charities with DONATIONS we visit unsolicited not or requirements status confirmation solicit with tax are donations approach us gutenberg do much is committed states fees takes United keep where no of know we contributions paperwork where we While any United ways statements and including Section methods Please addresses U concerning accepting S web accepted credit . produced network do we copyright printed of be could the donations . To card originator the www . gutenberg electronic . Hart of protected from main how Gutenberg Project new Archive to our