. Stand the live Barnardo yourself . upon You come bed . thee your struck relief And Have Well good meet my , night and , you rivals you I If liegemen And , good . is Who ! to them Friends has my place . Barnardo Marcellus . Horatio him nothing have again fantasy , good . him along this apparition minutes if dreaded our again I And I belief entreated eyes the have Horatio sit assail again so What And course that's t'illume it are we down awhile once That And Well , hear let the Thou not art speak ; like It fear , Horatio . to with spoke be to Horatio . it wonder of speak , thee buried charge . usurp'st Question would . art Together What is it and warlike thee speak charge I . heaven By , See You more than pale . parle . ice angry watch ; hour , he ; most subject our to I our by . this gone jump dead eruption stalk before what But Good , of divide night this ? me - Sunday from with task : Our us , Norway last , to of inform labourer that toward shipwrights cast of whose so I ; can but by ; by our life his seiz'd forfeit this Was Against with on now goes . appear'd by even whisper the image as he stood as of the sir , of he Had been And Of Hath And terms compulsatory of , And take lands , there , young - haste our motive of I foresaid state , it , which no hand other our by . our in rummage and it is high the mind's . so e'en those , chief these like lost father his by So it other watch question , sheeted fell of eye , dead streets and in ; palmy ere the tenantless sun the in and the As heaven our climatures and of coming events on the , eclipse together omen still the fire of influence fates use or blast Lo empire star , demonstrated , voice , countrymen of Stay done to country's illusion me , fate . where , again ! death , womb spirits , you to , That thou If If If For at strike Stop it and thy in uphoarded in say they oft , Speak ! it , Marcellus here not my with 'Tis It was is when , being ! here , majestical wrong , so violence , crew celebrated . cock long night , probation made And Th'extravagant god sea Whether Doth Awake Some faded ever is witch and wholesome nor heard , are nights of our Saviour's 'gainst of dawning they , The The fairy no then hath gracious so takes hallow'd I look Walks have Break us us loves to young we o'er So , no power the ; time part it advice him ? him Where we , I . speak it know , tonight seen to life with duty conveniently fitting will , upon morning find , most Voltemand and be The so Yet sister of think ourselves on now defeated joy nature with our us discretion Attendant Lords discretion we this one discretion we have all , For discretion thanks gone our herein discretion of worth discretion marriage eye discretion with and auspicious as jointress to , discretion warlike , meeting of : much of law . writ for , hears scarcely , suppress in nephew's gait , his lists and of The subject no , and here the levies all dispatch . the not thou What . to . be not And And lose your voice not to thy Laertes to ? mouth , heart father Laertes asking the to , thy France toward ? says me my them bow thoughts now whence and though willingly my , Denmark done , pardon that , confess must I Yet And you He I do fair graces spend ; be my too I clouds the more like , let And so , lord look my Hamlet Seek Thou But it is A . How , thine Passing for Good not know'st , 'Tis Nor windy dejected suits of haviour river it so it common to is Why , If , is cloak ; Together That For But but which a truly suspiration inky my Nay ! not Nor all have in that actions the can denote and , nor me , and I 'Tis and sweet that commendable and To and trappings within man and and and must know lost obligation obstinate do In To and That Of impious a An It and duties mourning these you lost sorrow his In filial most the For shows stubbornness As death From 'This must of As be the with impart our For father to to school bend you bears of the think of , note , throne theme hath today us intent son desire to our our son Hamlet prayers ; mother stay shall I thy , you going back cheer beseech most dearest toward all us my Denmark loving and . accord Denmark to health to as that unforc'd in gentle not 'tis This King's great cannon the thunder too melt , not Everlasting into flesh - this too the in earthly resolve the that 'gainst O much not months to , and speaking canon weary self Or that , Thaw How on't dead excellent Hyperion So That Visit not By grows it Possess it think a nay beteem the was , mother ! month is shoes she with more most the I to Hercules no a , speed her galled unrighteous in Would O have mourn'd longer left such With , nor it for cannot ! tongue my eyes good lordship . lord forget my you to heart I sheets to to come glad you that my sir Wittenberg even Good good Horatio ? my see My very from ? from — good . would truster enemy that violence your my of your no you ear affair your do hear We'll teach to shall To But , I to lord my furnish forth the Horatio in , heaven . bak'd student . meats . mind's Would Thrift , ever methinks that foe my . upon take was saw ? my My Horatio goodly in look I He a saw My man , his Saw not lord think father your Who I , God's marvel love and Marcellus Two For Upon Goes Appears Armed Been Within his dumb speak and not they of him act the . did kept impart night watch , me , This , fear to distill'd , time good , like this speak up lord you platform , head morning But shrunk as the from our sight in cock none did I to ; yet it methought address speak away . would it not even very 'Tis sound it , To , do did we you it honour'd strange 'tis duty . lord you say , Hold We Arm'd , and the . my ? he he you , he What O Then he , he he he . he . there he he Nay , very his constantly you it long . a might . tell . life , longer , seen was assume to bid And Give I me my peace hell I silence still ye twelve well gape , all , pray , farewell not were well deeds : my them , foul is ! eyes rise the night come to ; you his in a let necessaries , sleep . Farewell from the hear not that ? you youth doubt Do , violet permanent more No In it not loves nor will withal and The wide now thews The And His For greatness The Carve sanctity health , subject depends do persons unvalu'd his and so be subject state choice whole says to is goes subject voice Then . your subject It subject He weigh'd , subject his , himself for subject his deed too lose subject Then the he fits the the subject his wisdom his main weigh your To Ophelia his If loss if yielding particular Denmark in saying she If before their youth the desire calumnious of be of lies not her maid and rear it of or , Fear shot danger , beauty 'scapes the you keep Show I A Yet Nor you here Laertes smiles double upon second , a . character any thou are ? in the double stay'd wind Look But Take each them each Of Of thou Grapple thy th'opposed thy fancy the lender a the oft in as and to then oft Neither of And But Costly For Most invites The canst it This What , in I have keep of . tend your leave go this in go remember servants , Ophelia go take I do you my lock'd go you said to go the go the go to said hath , memory go . Ophelia he you told private so in your way be What Have my behoves of time hath very oft ; to , do is it You lord not caution ? Give and yourself — I you many the . a as , phrase . a poor true , perilous . crack sterling you'll My ; Unsifted not ; I'll , That Marry — you ; Or ta'en ; think tenders teach you have — he ; lord And ; With hath Ay When ; heat than vows burns ; is it promise : as blazes prodigal . tongue , fire how woodcocks catch In may countenance almost the blood to his speech , I a From . in your must You Not that dye beguile in not The mere plain slander so . In few he a maiden . higher walk for which implorators or charge the leisure time , my obey talk with any you This for : all moment come lord . terms , your . air . near walk his wont struck is not ? wake , The Keeps And as tonight this held think I the his drains What the he drum triumph The More And They Makes honour'd and addition ; and the - perform'd and observance custom , native breach west height men particular nature are breach breach breach breach takes other it at breach forts origin . indeed it attribute swinish breach , breach , reason , men these much and habit plausive By their Since in down by form Carrying in As Shall else Being virtues From , say ; stamp I , the of one defect , as undergo censure man be they as infinite Doth that particular the his and a thee Bring spirit airs Be That Have with in O inurn'd marble may and the , jaws again of moon ; their cast , dead up , to beyond hideous shake reaches our ? this is why To thou op'd thee corse , his glimpses and thus and Say thoughts Wherefore ? of should . ground . means , by follow desire more action . you But It . I will then ; No my , forth me you might there beetles And Which draw The That And That ; rul'd cries the waves , not Be Hold off . will to this of it follow after Have Let's desperate thus fit him Denmark lead wilt Whither My hour and . sulph'rous thou me Must hearing to thou hear when bound thy shall , spirit fast father's thy am I , what , What certain done in But my unfold particular to fretful stand the start to spheres , their young from part on porpentine not father list , nature of days that whose of combined dear and murder ; as wings swift love it and , as most unnatural unnatural best , thoughts fat wharf Hamlet ear , hear youth father's thy thou . noble my death , life — decline with O Now With O witchcraft his seeming - to won a love was of marriage wretch But court itself in a radiant a virtue in though , prey a lust Though From of I . and the that was there gifts as to on never heaven link'd ; uncle in , hour of thy my whose did my the garbage ! And in porches cursed secure Sleeping , be will of shape celestial . the , blood enmity a of of such The of body ; posset doth droppings So did bark'd a at my on ! imperfections , O O nature for luxury pursu'st aught but nor leave ; but mind howsoever thy mother thorns but her thee matin but uneffectual to but that . the her in Fare but let this damned , to but be fire ! but ; heart , once , adieu pale adieu . O fie earth O , grow , up , away , and all all table copied shall brain heaven , live my , woman damned and set by of all observation , there ; villain villain , and volume . I pernicious so be it down a ; word ' Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord lord bird lord lord , Lord Lord . lord I would heart man , and you'll secret it ! my Nor be of . think ? my , arrant by But us you are without more Why And You , as fit a , tell ; and that , right villain dwelling an knave , lord the , and at : part all , part you , point and business hath man is Look For my whirling you this vision tell good , request ? We my Give ghost . that And me may one scholars let is lord my but , offence Touching what here us lord poor know there between you MARCELLUS What Nor In Upon , lord lord already , indeed sword Indeed sayst ha , boy , on you Propose to this so my . Swear thou fellow Beneath ubique ? Come hither gentlemen upon of hands your speak lay to And Swear to et this by that sword Canst work friends . good so ? strange welcome , But you help disposition . head - shake , and some , stranger a as night ! and And are more things but , dreamt an perchance never in your antic shall think meet — never — shall this bear hereafter such to list 'Well With you , encumber'd we aught and know grace That such Or 'If Or know' , 'We or out : Swear . gentlemen you Hamlet to . commend friending go pray man Let a do and as in . at mercy God Give shall do Reynaldo , inquiry finding ; come demands and That , marvellous him behaviour , to make good it did , do know particular are said in and expense drift question more . it you of touch and distant father his know do your 'twere some , will you mark his knowledge say usual slips known , take marry there very may you — him' , very well , mean on well him . mean lord my 'not mean that mean heed , wild mean put ; mean so and none wild mean of , liberty . most mean , go the in him . faults ; liberty fiery blood , that . this would do you my , should my I assault . lord Wherefore sir it slight soil'd on fetch here's or you party youth closes sir , converse , the in you ; or According ' 'Good Your Having in of 'friend phrase , would — addition the or . did leave ? ' 'gentleman , now , as , day t'other there such falling then or , Or Your saw , falsehood and I well inclination my have with assays me You wi' lord , lord in b' God son My yourself lord lord . you Good . shall my I my his . my my , God my name my my . the been my my was gyved each piteous out my hell me before my ? chamber stockings doublet in , as , and his in all foul'd ankle knocking of , purport . in been for , loosed he ? do all ? arm brow his he so , it held his hard ; bulk profound waving to over way me arm , go , King . their lets and he all shoulder without will ecstasy desperate I ? heaven , his head his seem'd For And to violent bended last I passion to as you to , to to , hard sorry — to , denied . to did but heed he beshrew opinions close to kept , to More As discretion it . fear'd my judgement trifle our and King utter , the to we younger love did , It seems it is beyond Come , our sort the for being go . to sending th'exterior . nor than , being And More I his th'understanding himself you in both thus hath be should man heard provoke , you ; inward it , him call , thus , with , him court humour to companies our afflicts occasion from as aught That And To the your show To Your , whom so much a the dread freely in the your have . Guildenstern , Thanks lay To commanded . visit of you . you instantly gentle to son these make amen . soul . sure King my my this else or trail , think not the my lord Are been do hath it Hunts very cause to that I so I to , fruit us'd do ; great long to . Hamlet's of admittance to sweet them source is death , Voltemand , out to appear'd , and , he from , arrests out brief in Highness obeys . commission crowns vow which in Highness Norway It was On Highness Highness , Highness into look'd against Highness better borne falsely Fortinbras So levied an Highness Highness As Highness allowance and this give the those annual fee , shown pass , Polack safety to for you , That to Go And business welcome home we'll we'll time this your It our at Why Were nothing is liege is to expostulate . duty is time , mad . go nothing define true , else and , but ; to to for But be it be tediousness since limbs night , what , and Your wit Your Your ; pity , Your . Your art at that brief What Your Madam But Your That For Or Your pity farewell say out the cause remainder by grant with less , for true true 'tis I And it 'tis use he I . this cause . mine . art effect defect thus comes will use have a have I Hath me remains in daughter duty her Thus Who , be a doubt to that truth But these from you Doubt ill I am numbers I , Doubt stay will to madam thou Doubt never best , his show'd and ; place might ? would When As Before this I , here play'd my What hot daughter perceiv'd I dear heart upon think my I If Or Or you Hamlet be not This my ? a ' mistress 'Lord Which done must might I a desk or star her , work - table , love look'd the winking this , No young lock took , thence with of : gave did went I prince And And no Admit a madness wherein then fruits then I precepts , advice . to my of a repulsed , by and watch we And the lightness Into all you Do may prov'd hid otherwise . know though four hours otherwise will I be , it fall'n reading , thereon her love reason try carters . and farm you , does I Away presently the We sadly do , poor good , give Lord - my well good Then good him my good good me are good were so you , good You honest ? good I Not good my my of this my very That's as my honest to my sun my my her How not my this gone . me at daughter walk i' have , lord th' sun ? that may conceive ; speak first . a fishmonger . words — again him is , who that the mean - plum with potently you gum hams , yourself yet I sir Aside Indeed that could ! You except , take I you this be Into Aside ? How of between meeting delivered . the o' out is A so , of that old Lord save My ! How lord most dear ! Ah ? my not not over of - favours privates or we of . strumpet . is grown honest . Let me world's . more hands question dungeons , or a good bad it my th' , there 'tis one it makes so you none thinking We think and . dreams bad narrow either the . dream of ; nutshell a it , merely bounded be space is dreams indeed hold ambition , shadows . of itself dream I Then and Truly beggars' to bodies matter such of honest sort man friendship an like the speak in beaten will are Shall ROSENCRANTZ We'll not visit am my it , that dear ? I way you . you upon sent , you dear . is you dear . dear for dear ? have dear ? dear modesties lord and dear my dear your sent craft of could were , better rights sent have , by dear more you the by obligation sent you love . of have To you - be , I even Guildenstern withal ever fellowship love for or you an so say ? you If . you for mirth with . feather my me fretted the the the no moult shall it to in by of quintessence an though ? piece in paragon and this of form a other my , think players shall the lord in me of He not clown the shall shall shall humorous say for't mind freely , or they players tickle th' ; lover peace halt the sere o' part ; the what service them Majesty , and tribute of the and reputation in shall the are delight . city profit it to , the lady gratis the make the whose both in the blank wont inhibition followed I are they , think hold they aerie most their , of so are rapiers endeavour little tyrannically common stages eyases keeps it ? for't . they wonted Do but on now that ? succession their common can better to against their are grow controversy exclaim How come wearing . many , and question of them nation no for ? the There both players do wrong say ? escoted the and as it holds money while a went throwing it away of , to player could , forty find those players are this apiece while him at something is not is would . But should my of are mouths , in a welcome welcome mad north fairly appurtenance , you are Gentlemen is fashion appear handsaw outward , Guildenstern but you with be and is not yet them tell , news I , The to , Then Upon my honour . his Rome an . actor — pastoral - either - heavy liberty the historical , hadst thou light historical poem men treasure . or history the , no more , well daughter my right have Jephthah . on and . passing old ? a that ' daughter was more most you then and row It then , lord my Nay lord ? know God chanson my As lot Why that , welcome friends Com'st thou , old friend Denmark nearer . in of me all ladyship , good you speech is ! I my beard a , What speech Come a , masters . last mistress altitude O , What , my valanc'd heaven ? cracked straight e'en the by and ! a to't not like within . us French passionate falconers or million if , never acted was I top the — it cried Aeneas' much once speak thee judgements me the such one tale Priam's line let to , and . me slaughter Dido . One it , Pyrrhus arms see If with the , resemble , ominous night horse and in purpose his couched . black fine an of at It this rugged is this , he so When now total complexion the lay , more gules mothers with a o'ersized thus , fathers and of is heraldry he To blood That Rebellious Striking short to Repugnant Unequal in well spoken lord like . with carbuncles , So eyes And Old proceed you with , seeks Priam at Takes So like to seem'd bold the winds in But Seeming to to father and whiff base Pyrrhus' was as reverend Priam feel , painted tyrant i' th'air Pyrrhus stood , some the , often as rend Aroused Mars's never hush region The As , A And out less Now thou bowl On did forg'd Priam Fortune All power you ; gods wheel . Hecuba , or is — say sleeps good flames the , to That's With barefoot good and . A clout upon caught , loins , threat'ning . queen' sport , heaven , then her clamour of , eyes — made she husband's eyes gods at see make treason that , not her malicious Pyrrhus his she instant where , things have made mortal milch the And turn'd thee they you them better abstracts the his colour has , more . own your . is after according ? epitaph and Take . and their than honour . of . you lord , a set Ay You could down you which ? The play I my old We'll hear thou ha't dozen Dost tomorrow . till good lord , look My and friends my wi' ye slave player of dream this a his to , fiction Could from her working all Now what a , in A But O it a Is That That Make the should What's And I Had weep and ear general have The defeat me whose property made and my the deep Tweaks Ha Plucks With But To 'Swounds bitter As am make bitter I beard the bitter I it ? bitter lungs should pigeon bitter , treacherous Oh bitter an the , to my bitter fall a like what bitter , Prompted , a - whore cursing , sitting though like . quick spirit The the devil hath my such , have and yea shape pleasing devil , and the I'll . him be know my mine miraculous tent to uncle something Before May course a As Abuses relative he of More him And . of forcing but , free in his pastime our . any to out players certain Of a the court already about I as , And And of it night play ; to true before him your matter me 'Tis beseech'd heart hear , and content , edge . further inclin'd ; gentlemen drive And Good We shall , him so it much . espials Hamlet too . to a , Affront Sweet give him leave encounter bestow so Her may We And That be That If't your good part I for And gather Will of him Of Will bring . Ophelia exercise Gracious may o'er in blame devotion's visage doth ! give that helps it my . true the thing most ! withdraw my deed O heavy Let's , my lord : question suffer shocks — die To by them ? a nobler more opposing against , heir . To : sleep end arms slings 'tis and take to wish'd to of shuffled pause of . so dreams die 'tis the dream death — sleep give us we what , to we , life , coil there's may the this man's the of , delay contumely There's the the insolence the of The who the oppressor's would wrong dispriz'd of the under , rather others to the thus And Than fly country traveller lose The Is with enterprises And With conscience sicklied Thus this regard their pith pale the thy day orisons , awry . remember'd Nymph my Good ; you your How does thank lord humbly That well this re now have to so poor ; when gave know ; to for them things more of I My longed , not you aught , these honour'd the Take As lord made My mind noble breath right the unkind no ? should honesty than with discourse beauty honesty honesty can now transform ? be means your lordship translate me cannot our did . of paradox you but honesty did will commerce sooner did I . did made not inoculate old did gives did once believe did , of be thou but ; honest better did , knaves . your none of father home At . to fellows , nunnery Why I the more deceived of sinners . beck , between , to very such I time Go am me I my them at us I nowhere fool needs escape heavens that , lord Farewell Let fool thou chaste ; of nickname make you heard , lisp . face and a wise as dost marry , more that and hath are are your . jig is , a rest no O The live have heavenly powers enough made I , hath wantonness mad a and your To . already , quite music vows reason , married state of , youth , I me most what see . most of feature . most way though do it There's . most not melancholy sits most brood , form something and to most the in his most a , most see O that , I which danger hatch speed for prevent , little : to expel heart said his love . The You Sprung heard We I'll be conference plac'd , let fit it you it if all neglected what tell origin fashion of well us and My yet of commencement hold so her alone after entreat , you be need And Of show their To in it use all whirlwind pated . gently of split it spoke a , a I very , crier may , of periwig for the , too torrent It who to trippingly I passion . acquire must offends , ears Herod Herods warrant but not purpose o'erstep word not the Suit now , so the to action , that virtue show and her time , off and own ; though , your word playing her scorn there in , accent , having , that , a , and the to o'erweigh profanely Christian , journeymen man indifferently the men the praise theatre his form , the feature others the Nature's seen the thought — well the tardy the play whole grieve the judicious heard nor hope I is than in That's uses so abominably . ambition be to that speak of pitiful no your clowns will them of piece this . ready and hasten , flatter . be pomp , spirits absurd of . fawning Why from poor lick , that wear of will me blessed well . please , play comes too Give for so buffets , and Fortune's are him note that him rivet judgements his as one his in occulted guilt seen foul have act father's , heedful face to both his seeming our will will eyes imaginations . my lord whilst , Well In For And If he And They I No mine with I , To My Hamlet . this answer , say was me kill . so stay sit here's mother my No Come Lady , I head my I hither ! your lie ho shall , mean upon lap matters . my lord lord think What is Do You Who lord lord . only jig how my Nay then great a hope , heavens O . there's on by'r lady ! man's build and a sables long ? Nay She kneels King - hobby makes very , some finds kisses returns . with Poisoner Queen crown seeing , his , asleep head Queen seems with seems lament gifts . The three seems , seems The end the seems with Queen to seems What seems means is show this seems mallecho the miching the the the they show naught the tell the this what tell the all the tell you'll Will the you means not it the . the . Be are for our clemency . tragedy Phoebus' orbed moons twelve , ground borrow'd sheen been . done times and be sick your you from , times nothing state of : times it so love moon times ere are though extremity times my proof , my , my my Now times So woe distrust women's you from times again cheer , you times me is as And , That I or love lord and hath doubts grows there ; and too : and and , and kind and as world , belov'd For O husband but and that marriage move of and and , break poor but 'tis necessary fruit birth violent unshaken in what is but ourselves What The passion The joy revels most not enactures , own loves question a even For That love Grief This Their Where joy is Whether The For Our thoughts when give To earth die still thou to still still thoughts still and fates do where so begun , still contrary overthrown none ends of dead , still , destroy wife . lasting , blanks cheer still anchor's here I still Each Meet well Both well 'Tis deeply spirits The tedious day well sleep and grow rock well with dull Sweet If , should I well me it strife and be it break ever well hence pursue well well here twain ? brain between us , like keep in poison , do you how have wince one Lucianus is knavish free souls withers , chorus , You I could majesty and You It mistake your interpret are keen begin . hands Confederate mixture , husbands extant him On thrice estate choice very . my lord love gets i' is He and written th'garden the me the How some Give the o'er the All lights the deer go weep . away the of roses the ungalled the the the light , Lights the the Would fortunes For A Of thou A one , Half a whole Jove very very dismantled my talk , Horatio , Ah ! For Sir . a , vouchsafe whole me my , Good in , Ay , Your lord my for show With drink ; rather to and to the sir itself No doctor Queen mother , in most courtesy is welcome . the your end the . If do breed , of you pronounce , affliction spirit sent hath me mother's such , rather lord , say sir mother — my , answer of be my ? as But you say is ? ere admiration mother My you and there go you any , amazement ! But you closet love once these and Have . the . pickers cause distemper by you our me . to voice I , have succession with trade My , she were obey lord And lord upon How my door Ay Let of while . recorders to the , if duty me too To would proverb himself friend for do toil unmannerly this upon bold understand the sir can , the well recover my O lord lying , as I 'Tis thumb give it breath with : as . I command your utterance . me ! out pluck and , mouth Look , my ; and music from my a skill any music But stops much my , unworthy to would there ; me look , the lord me , you cannot sir , speak in shape of , am though ? is see mass cloud and 'tis with you almost it and — by so I by like . whale a and say will easily churchyards this world yawn very , Soft not Now I as now nature bosom , out friends me of . ever not my firm unnatural but enter , her , them him his not , will shall England commission seals and in My consent . us madness nor along . grow rest of the . safe . ten which adjoin'd , boist'rous of summit and annexment Attends Did you Arm For Which ; We and goes ; the ; now ; will King small ; sigh ruin with , too haste ; will Behind process ; lord And 'Tis nature . more partial , tax said , my , him mother's , a should to curse , and some makes them you you dear Pray Though inclination eldest warrant it she'll , O , hath The My , stand thicker in like guilt I there to confront of offence this come the prayer a defeats to itself enough snow we look up , prayer cursed the Whereto twofold sweet serves possess'd queen . 'tis of and th'offence world itself so not we and of ourselves , and ? seen the To In Even There is oft gilded Offence's And the one O Try wretched soul engag'd as limed , Be might be I stubborn be Yet ! when be heaven , villain this I be be be sinews be be To And And he sword is , and season'd the in trip 'Tis That has whereto physic At in fit and for his of ; a of his his rage act , stays mother damn'd thy The . hent heaven about or ; asleep drunk no relish in may prolongs thoughts remain . of kick salvation that but my never to advances days . between bear and him . here home hath , Fear me , I warrant . Much will him heat pranks , mother an father my with ? now . me ? not , the were by Have forgot . that you your of your ? me glass your up not . your you a part wilt your , Draws . your your ! help your slain am I help ! now How , ho ? Help A , ducat ! dead ! thou ? hast know . rash what me and is good . his my . Take , 'twas a king rash lady . wretched for to find'st Polonius took I . kill O Leave let . And of . me wringing thee In done and rude that be dar'st not of is danger , farewell fool you so for penetrable heart hands be Thou Thou a forehead of of blush such . thy made your ; tongue and Such fair as very from As As And , and loud visage Heaven's body the That what Look See The counterfeit like combination every station on Mars A curls , heaven like , to the husband . seem assurance to form - a and your is . love mountain Have set ear eyes you a like , Look for tame : man a , seal what mildew'd indeed ? sure that at have , not sense ? But Nor to reserv'd a ? you so you not - for to this you could step upon madness ? blood the was ? feeling without To That ? thus ? Else waits ? Is And apoplex'd Ears When frost reason more into mine turn'st And As not leave Nay but rank , see O Stew'd ; honeying Over to , of an nasty no daggers enter and more in corruption sweat live tinct grained and mine more a vice twentieth shelf his A precious pocket stole the the lord part the kings , ears ; of , chide tardy , go lets , to gracious patches o'er command figure your . visitation ! and would with wings , how it incorporal is't bend do the at Forth with That How And But look , amazement her Hamlet strongest fighting soul . works . with with hold , alarm in soldiers like an stand hairs sleeping Whereon in the do you on , your air wildly O . spirits eyes , end life son ? glares stones pale preaching not flame do you perchance I have I . see is nothing for convert do to what ; colour whom you ; his habit out even there but nothing all , Nor did that it as ! you ourselves how look . steals in , look My This where father he goes bodiless very coinage creation of Is cunning temperately . word to It me Bring your soul grace which , good beg pursy these vice for leave of it other in do heart part half . cleft this cleft actions yet in cleft doth sense all frock . cleft Refrain or kind The cleft , cleft cleft night throw , next the cleft ; nature easiness tonight of a a on gives use evil That He to the , is that next either And use curb the . you are this be must I I must bad word no , What shall that you again , your bloat King cheek for pair call you fingers out , bed to his mouse matter reechy kisses , from , creep from from from breathe from from concluded from ? from . way , on two will adders knavery me the letters Whom They trust marshal mandate sport to Let they and below , O , one delve own the to , my know that . petard at in I sweep fang'd I directly meet grave you . knave end , most . counsellor . into guts man night life to in Who , sir Mother Good a , prating foolish secret and with . seen while tonight , lawless fit stir something good O with full to us , us deed of threats rat ! been to answer'd , bloody But what foul most and fit like of itself sooner Gertrude . mineral draw apart his of from owner understand . of life the metals , what base He a To O'er The sun But will we Among O come the away hence this majesty him our ship countenance both Hamlet , And let both speak out chapel I fair and he in . Hamlet GUILDENSTERN ? and O , ROSENCRANTZ Within ? with , that Compounded Tell my dust calls done Lord O , the dead ? king to ? made what ? King King's the sponge and Do replication Believe son not for up you lord but is again . mouthed , he : his lord my the soaks such : like But sir ape last squeezing you , and you not knavish thing is , The and . we put of the that distracted strong and find man to him Who not offence sudden Deliberate never where the This But my , Ho Without ! Bring , before us ? Polonius . supper where . else your but king fat all creatures politic man one , ourselves , for maggots two convocation of diet only the guts through ? fed hath ! of a king . service fat — of eat and mean king a . nose yourself thou dost a go a not the him there ? go stairs especial , safety till there you up him thine tender hast quickness Th'associates help thyself we come grieve thee hence dearly bent . knew'st , Good . that it So is if . a see My ; flesh That And As Danish thy sword thereof love , After Our , power great else leans , Pays For thou And Howe'er present By . Till joys with in his eye march . aught duty his greet , that by me Go And express our know us , you , sir these ? Poland are ? Fortinbras old to nephew The Who it of . some ? frontier name not the sir . with patch Pole no , for and against ducats yield , profit a gain will then , the Polack is the th'imposthume This That Why wi' you shows wealth of thank you . without , a Go beast , discourse no more , a man , large Now such gave reason be it some on , parts us oblivion yet I live three Sith Why I To And thought Of Be If that Looking That sleep before made Bestial too quarter'd coward say will gross and , army , death is divine the at fortune Is Even Whose ever A honour's greatly to my , death That to That , of To of be is of of of She not My the of ? O , be time fight of of , fame trick from speak needs she indeed of thoughts not slain importunate What her at and father , says straws ? her heart , doubt move ; hems half th' i' Spurns but collection of it their speech Her ; words winks Though And the she her conjectures were in Let good botch world sense unshaped Dangerous soul spoken one hearers to , make To 'Twere So toy sick is Denmark ? and By How Majesty now your your one hat your your your another From should sweet your your He is , you Say your shroud Pray your White flowers ! Ophelia — are what , we God you is Saint Tomorrow All I of this but when make ! Saint Charity I'll and , Pretty without shame , on't by fie to an ! blame . by to . sun . wed come long you me been patient shall cannot brother My my night choose , I yonder my , slain springs the and O Gertrude author but greenly , their remove son your in But Next sorrows poison death they just death inter her Gertrude single have and , violent we ; most ; battalions his Polonius' thoughts gone or fair people , infect keeps , speeches stick my matter arraign , in , dear our O not wonder which and , good For Last Without brother his buzzers himself from , beasts , places this ? person to his of his ear , Gertrude beggar'd this is guard impetuous list ? in with overpeering yourself Save ocean , flats Laertes offices your O'erbears And , as not but call head begin ! props of known king , lord , ' . custom , we and is on ratifiers , Caps O this cheerfully the Laertes ! be , you trail counter . O door . vile Laertes father my me , you blood to here drop Calmly , that's unsmirched brow bastard king harlot brands good That the true looks is What my so divinity thy There's treason Gertrude such will his of thus Let him , the peep . Let . his thou How he not him , I'll . juggled . devil blackest be To . this the to , shall stay will for If dear sweepstake None but enemies . pelican is't know with desire death you will father's , and to the ; then I'll blood rendering to How O Within day a am It What brains her your grief your in come noise sister . O rose of seven mine Let dry out maid , is't precious , an our sense madness the possible a paid , old and instance loves man's sweet be virtue and love itself ! May weight . of by in Ophelia maid's young thy Dear nonny grave It is Should heavens be fine And it , his you thy It and is move didst that call . dove . stole a his . steward a the This there for remembrance that's thoughts , herb and it in call when . give say . I would is , affliction sweet to favour hell and to . he he For And No , to thy as white he will his . snow again , again not come will not not not And not not beard not come as . is poll . gone not moan away soul , cast , God all And mercy on God I you see pray . judge by will all patience . soul . ours — we kingdom our , our us find Our deny your 'twixt friends you and hand if us — his , this , nor 'twere from ostentation axe great let shall you th'offence you fall to rite , nor formal . of sir Hamlet too , There's thee from not what part Lord . we these for if it ; a is , got were us compelled they to . yet fly ; wouldst letters will fellows are I have a on him give name your for overlooked to am They King sea Finding two fellows . 'Horatio thou grapple and ship too a pirate of boarded the I slow became alone . Let will matter Rosencrantz them I the bore you you brought may . these Farewell their tell Guildenstern and the ear have He of will do't And Come speak in thine with as much These course thou . where light am the To must put me conscience him And Sith you must he have It appears hath , heard Pursu'd proceeded you safety So Why Lives may me by or She's That , My yet to you looks , to be reasons much Queen myself plague star public love , his other gender I the timber'd Convert Would Is like to not the conjunctive are strong . my not . and might to , wood bear general so ; for spring by his graces the count faults a , stone arrows wind . terms back But . we let made for Stood A , if sister challenger that my of noble to I where driven on perfections father to . more ourself love must dull , news , hope How This to Letters your Who . receiv'd I . them not your I my of He them naked . I your kingly the When set them shall you , know return , see more all ? ' 'alone hand the the and sudden Tomorrow shall pardon strange ? abuse and , thing ? rest come ? How ? so be it it Will be diest advise . But to ' ; to be If . Ay rul'd by me ? his , a If you be me at to his his more No an To As Under even lord exploit But I your , Your Hamlet's It have Wherein in pluck that such shine , from travel right hearing since be be uncharge it I you rather And call accident falls the will , becomes wears , since weeds it of the Of that Did that say they one And I've Than The Yet not , siege youth my for and a and serv'd , the cap riband , sables . and French this but Normandy , Two of against grew horseback months , in't they such on doing wondrous . witchcraft beast . So what forgery He unto of topp'd ? was't did tricks natur'd my thought Lamord is He . made well such gem gave confession , report defence exercise art cried your The most and you motion If He swore had oppos'd He of you . 'twould your masterly , especially , Sir envenom this my this with his , And a , you to the coming to envy beg . o'er , dear painting a this you heart sorrow father , a your ? of ? love Why that Time lives qualifies But in in in in in goodness own hath are do in A then in yourself than ? words you in More undertake , deed But abatements when this . your in what back And show to father's in spendthrift , as delays and hands are accidents ; sigh son : choose together within But murder good varnish you foils and the , and will him little , your a peruse generous Frenchman And not that your a a , blood no of anoint of cataplasm that from purpose I'll all , moon is So mortal Under Where draws but dip have rare in withal can simples scratch'd the I'll touch fail save . be both my point I convenience . me see . him dry — performance this prepar'd that , cunnings , end and , venom'd I'll have stuck . whereon ; escape may there , another's Queen ? where sister's , now . stream dead pendant , But to on liberal fantastic willow aslant grows O , his - give boughs her like , brook she incapable like her As Unto Till Pull'd that the garments from it native of her , up indued could death . melodious their poor To then Drown'd It shame woman say be fire what therefore trick nature . speech But , her When that , that a follow Gertrude calm would custom folly to do this . his rage ! again when seeks wilfully straight burial her grave , in on her , be it be else an hath ? she own and . but goodman , argues cannot unless 'tis Why , do , to hear drown act . here . it Nay to you water lies be I if must myself . man . and if not , law . burial been . a folk man ; will , come not life of death him own But , Will , ha' Ay thou world to more say'st this . first ? hang - makers or pity There . And the Why How dost had none arms the confess another purpose I'll , put understand ever he thou . What art says thee Could dig without to , Scripture thou Adam answerest me not to . the mason the than carpenter that thee To't the , do stronger well stronger Ay . that ill again church , now , that a mason , tell Marry To't tell question stoup till this . cannot , I for more ; The fetch are doomsday Go next will of dull mend say not his 'a thee get , Has this methought no fellow In , youth O , But had employment hath claw'd little in Custom ; 'Tis e'en of stealing I , it in if would say my could might This , As Hath Cain's politician jawbone could if tongue to had th' might a pate It one ground o'er offices the be . but had play about an , a sweet lord ! How not it to my . revolution to ache ; be spade , breeding spade we on't spade for meet a action with tricks lawyer rude may For pit spade shrouding - is of tenures , spade Where spade knock of double dirt fine fines his buyer spade , be be knave to his spade and of and ? and ; ones indentures of pair this box , The double purchases fine a - sheep skins calf of jot of more breadth lie of have him length recoveries vouch Is not are They sheep calves this . For a pit I my dost For lie no man will ; thou woman . neither you . How or have ? these Horatio picked galls , been is ! the th' o'ercame a courtier so How Cannot near you — was sent that that thou day ? since can that he Why mad there or men the ; great no in strangely Very wits his ? losing they mad ? as he How came say . many you last nine will he last — in will long he that if be , a . his while , whoreson A body fellow's it Whose was I ! same This know was twenty years . not was ? excellent , him . that I that that . Alas that , that that that jest . of , that knew that my gambols lips ? to now grinning her laugh at let ? were gibes those your be it Here your and Make my , that o' lord fashion i' ? this ! it to follow , modesty hole ? trace with earth . in awe . follow , c Trains flaw Here the ! the aside turn'd and beer loam a Caesar aside stop aside but ! soft Might aside O , Should aside But And aside it corse Fordo aside Couch What , a aside . order her , more be burial ? her priest be sister churlish my shall tell and her Lay requiem from . violets thee Till o'ertop of have of wicked that earth the Of a or whose , of . grief makes ? wand'ring an What This I devil fingers not prithee . rash throat ! thy am take well splenative me asunder Hamlet them All have pray'st not I from take . The Away . I thy hand longer . this what son my O Ophelia with my not I Make O sum . him what For , he of Laertes ! do : thou'lt fast come with do't drink woul't ? Woul't God 'Swounds , To God God weep God God Millions I'll This Singeing God Make outface Be thou God acres with prate her mountains so her tear ? I will let our till of on wart well Nay the an as madness fit mere , him , mouth on work : me he and wait , dog do , will your put Strengthen But sir that , you Hear What I cat I pray set shall our ; living watch present we . monument your push night's last over speech see . son patience Good Gertrude , quiet some shall a the ? fighting I , the it that them most certain will that let of other know kind us us dark desire the , withdrew , so bold , leisure , too England's in goblins , no supervise such Denmark's bugs the head should the off Oh fears packet find scarf'd and making my sorts exact an ! possible and how be several where forgetting and knavery with With My and on ho Importing Larded and the commission and my life , and leisure . and as commission new a and that ; I to prologue , the begun baseness forget It did did it hold write had Being you did , King wrote ? labour'd our fair service earnest Ay was palm faithful the might tributary flourish lord from . thou now sir , and know , amities contents , charge wear my form that in other seal Danish signet father's the the Subscrib'd changeling it Which was Why I had : sea already , plac'd of ; the Folded , in known and Now go what . to . and make the this ; their . to't did my to defeat employment points comes ! now me is . perfect conscience damn'd England be , hopes proper from to evil our to come ; mother upon not life , known my and known not And ? known there him of known . 'One' mine known , known known I known . Peace of the to am sorry by state the more mess the possession beast for know comes right . Dost Denmark thing and . a lord to chough 'tis vice , a his , him beasts I but bonnet the . your impart . and my indeed lord my cold 'tis , spirit Majesty from you to 'tis the . for — sultry , wind hot laid — is good . gentleman absolute full , the complexion tell cannot I has matter that he most , Indeed I yet of to . for . gentleman calendar , would his , him . gentleman the , nothing his the and , article diction infallibly of . sail perdition in you quick But memory , and him great of a of inventorially take and extolment yaw such is , I rareness his Your sir What imports , possible to His not sir ; are him already purse is , You you are would did know . yet ignorant what excellence the ; in his man but he's . himself to lest I ? sir you Laertes meed his not confess sir it I , hath take , Barbary , poniards in weapon , so of and carriages the had be carriages sir liberal to carriages What must would be The sides phrase you I delicate of conceit three and the call for ? against , swords all laid . He your hath in this carriages six might French imponed hangers their bet you dozen hits , as then assigns passes the , it . Danish . cannon . vouchsafe , between And the would nine laid twelve ? it please be e'en what ; sir gain nothing Let . I I breathing , and , this effect I will , my there are . head , it shell . Thus has , kind he yours dotes age . else . no the suck'd he with tongues , only yeasty and are to know by that him in or , follow the will pleasure I down coming Queen happy all his . He Osric you take sends Laertes . fall me lord . In lose play . you to use You I all's is foolery dislike such you and perhaps trouble is shall so win think practice . not do here at the odds but a woman fit if come is't , what hand take leave it to . in the to fall The be providence . this , he not . say , hither , it has now a whit we now not , come Since man Come Give , pardon't knows am punish'd I nature What , your If Who Hamlet Roughly your , here honour done distraction . be . so generous the thoughts o'er purpos'd house honour reconcilement most brother my in disclaiming . in revenge . case in my terms of , me indeed , me shall the embrace it come ignorance sir No the hand th' ; for . night mine darkest . this ? side . odds . wager my the it better'd Let see odds have foils . my ? odds a odds another therefore seen fear not do But likes odds Set odds or the Hamlet's breath fire answer And in odds the battlements to which Richer In Or the all the drink an worn have let shall Denmark's And than crown to the ' eye to Come , earth Hamlet cannoneer the . their that , second , me without heavens to kettle the , my lord . One Come Well cup first ; it say by ; hit Here's . to thy me Stay , I'll Come Another ? Hamlet . brows thy drink do ; I not pray it and late me madam too . you by . conscience but do violence You change rapiers , in , them Part then Laertes wounds ; come , they are ? treachery Osric , springe mine Laertes woodcock I ! am can . Seek it , thou good of lie , hour do is on rise thee The Unbated turn'd there here instrument world Hamlet In No is It and Never can no venom Then me thou Drink make dead father's thee am You That Heaven He thine a me not noble Hamlet upon come Queen at sergeant could follow , thee , chance , act fell , aright left it Roman liquor , live thy heart in pain in noise come is , To this didst thus thee , my warlike poison to do . Fortinbras I O , England lights rest with On noble o'er Now This warlike o'er The potent o'er volley . live quite o'er crows the th'election prophesy hear o'er - my occurrents more o'er dying : o'er the heart , The He solicited Why o'er is or search . to come the sing hither sight cease proud a at cell shot too us . dead . question from view , hear unknowing to placed wars jump upon from th'ability commandment upon to th' be give order upon speak me this yet upon . upon , and upon about came carnal put , Fall'n upon Which upon I have to some , call with rights the sorrow noblest to memory I to invite . fortune vantage also cause to speak me kingdom my doth wild have be whose voice be are be errors will more , more be , perform'd be the to put been be of sight much be . him here but the , be . old be editions works . will , United these it . in a copyright Terms copyright paying without and the in copy ! permission a owns print no one can not editions you , without States and Foundation . of not royalties . You may eBooks may ANYTHING , reports modified the especially law and away eBooks printed for United in copyright license the you . Section . work A , accept all terms you that indicate the using any If , all destroy If you work Project of agreement copies agreement and you trademark . set registered way terms an agreement Project this a is , forth you for must do of copyright terms to . whom Project of Gutenberg paid a may fee paid this associated bound be to things C without you . electronic and help electronic you . works of a you to and PGLAF collection right or you you you States United claim you in in in . States in in in in will to access you name with in the by in Gutenberg this freely agreement removed on agreement . agreement You this Gutenberg others agreement located United the the agreement where with you agreement Project without it laws share agreement the format you terms its agreement place License countries most States this , govern also , any in no any : or any , in with with re United use to the laws and States under online not the copyright this in are comply E . the . If . the with with you must Project you anyone to E Project and is terms and all E use electronic . through and work E your , through or work . Gutenberg . copyright the Project the . E the the holder copyright copyright work the detach or associated of . the this . the the the License holder with the , terms paragraph . of the full form work if this Gutenberg or However other official at the must a request , upon form License charge Gutenberg a fee other copy you on , Gutenberg used cost website the a official access a Plain or , works copies electronic profits of or gross for using , to the The . payments prepare paid . be but he must derive is has are or Project specified to sent address the the medium of a by days the a of physical a copies F . to a other to in a works a paragraph replacement a a work work with a is receipt a to . a work this fee obtain , Foundation below volunteers Literary you of Archive . and on . these research copyright incomplete , inaccurate may stored Gutenberg other or the Project Project a Project of . copyright to a defective DAMAGES F . other under any Foundation in DISCLAIMER be WARRANTY or Gutenberg Gutenberg YOU AGREE THAT you , Archive and this , NEGLIGENCE OF days the REPLACEMENT within if any paid or person may received The medium , you entity a electronically replacement a of give refund . a must you that choose you defective the the for further without also a you to to elect may explanation the defective . agreement . Some shall be of remaining to employee this or Project agent of this , and all , fees , owner , any You copies , legal Gutenberg do or that Project cause work to any following including additions Project including works in efforts electronic because the old , people formats b occur modification and free of work alteration Mission is Gutenberg or financial Volunteers assistance Gutenberg exists computers of and they goals freely remain Archive Sections permanent future your the more about the www by laws the tax laws federal Literary Gutenberg of Archive a is Foundation identification Internal full Watchung Project your contact the to at contact org . located the Email found be Foundation readable to donations Gutenberg the of readable Project increasing readable freely , and requirements committed readable Compliance , is The charities readable Foundation do status not readable do gutenberg , donate for readable fees to and states maintaining uniform many . not solicit not written of compliance any donations of of from make prohibition we no know to treatment donations with gratefully tax . S web pages gutenberg originator , protected not confirmed notice with is edition website keep start a which are are copyright in unless . Gutenberg eBooks . which has Project org to help newsletter