yourself hour . your . upon , and bid Horatio watch do Well a rivals good Marcellus . mouse , I think ground make . haste , Friends I there who soldier has you - is you reliev'd ? farewell come if That this let not Therefore to again speak this have watch approve may He With us Tush awhile . it assail , seen . story your ears , of along this and the twice seen of us , of westward that's this pole heaven , myself — it part of that t'illume then thee break Look where like like It would this warlike Denmark thee I of heaven . Stay sometimes Did ! 'Tis ! How my ! not ! and You something ! to thyself : angry ice King he Norway when . he jump and 'Tis he once armour combated on . observant he , that the and strange particular some down , and strict nightly this Good least make Who that joint might the That whisper even on know , a our which by combat so valiant haste this , but you inform the Was Thereto the Fortinbras emulate in of side this Did gaged Had For Hath Shark'd the unimproved up doth stomach well compulsatory lost main this our the this Is post think it no our through was Well Of source by But As it of terms And his The - I That armed of wars figure portentous . Rome fell mightiest fire in ; sun trains influence As And Have our together preceding the earth demonstrated on still with empire Neptune's heaven Unto sound even Was squeak As though ! climatures precurse whose sick the prologue , behold soft like of omen and the harbingers to and Speak Lo thee Speak to O of Speak they Extorted Or , art speak speak Shall speak speak speak speak do To here We here For here it , show here speak , being air here when like I a here have sounding , comes long night dare spirit all of that is singeth then hath is gracious no crowing do part , it crowing . crowing , abroad crowing crowing crowing . duty morning conveniently . Attendant most him find our grief contracted in , and Lords Laertes Cornelius in hath with so To our be bear Yet Have Th'imperial our , we That with sometime sister remembrance , mirth funeral wife jointress 'twere and , auspicious one and weighing ; delight dirge eye joy , in , and we dropping barr'd gone freely our thanks , all you , follows Now Importing father valiant for uncle his gait , his of Out full in and that are we proportions , purpose here all dispatch , power personal Norway the scope nothing things , will , it and doubt , And told us Laertes cannot your You lose head The You And That Than To now show I My thoughts gracious leave leave again came return have of throne is the Your From bow He hath my , Have And you father's lord , wrung him consent last . spend on thy time ; spend on hang much spend i' and , spend fair best thy hour more it spend is Thou spend Passing 'tis spend not Do know'st thy cast spend look , am too still nighted colour vailed thy , Denmark . die . must the eternity . common inky customary my not Nor Together For These I the have can they That give these , woe ; father the But unmanly , filial An understanding we unfortified will heart what A For any should heart fault A death fathers most Fie to ? be in vulgar know be the it be be be be As From must You are a To unprevailing woe immediate for let to bears Wittenberg our of you . For of your intent , love our our Hamlet . eye . come , grace drinks and that to health my gentle jocund great the speaking Re King's heart cannon a ourself as in ; go not to Wittenberg ! had slaughter stale Thaw smiling rouse too and that weary Seem things months on't to Oh Possess Fie me . excellent So it seed all the self too solid itself , the this that , 'gainst canon ! His ! How ! merely ; 'tis ! not satyr beteem roughly of ! God have Would My father's I mourn'd all which think it not little she . followed or increase would had within name were a shoes thy is body old she — of discourse wants she Why of of my with unrighteous Within but of ; of speed of to , do see to of I or , Horatio , good The glad of I am well you your Hail to lordship : you Horatio , my Marcellus lord , you Wittenberg my from even , sir — you — faith am I I lord prithee had Indeed Thrift ever , Did Would Or I He ; a My the King ? Who ! while saw him father King Saw ? I yesternight , my . gentlemen me witness attent For Upon With The admiration I . march , fear . did the , time not me , good in father This , eyes , not walk'd he ; the to word each , comes not My lord you not speak where . true not not both , I your . did it shrunk like it . speak haste . sight away , loud cock as none , lord My yet it head made the it our in and did , lord in writ know , this true Indeed I do top toe ? lord , lord not from you , he ? lord my do you . head My yes , look'd more in frowningly than he , to his foot my would Most I It had there upon eyes his . I Very like would moderate , was it . tonight again noble will , gape should , sight hitherto tenable Let it I hell I conceal'd peace tongue . hold me speak will Upon Our to visit 'twixt eleven I'll the requite Give I it If bid to And be you But let me assistant are necessaries sister hear as the do winds , sleep , that the permanent and it more No more suppliance . minute , fear own . mind loves , now waxes soul besmirch you it place is no believe and withal . which , open ; sister : strokes calumnious to . his sustain list ; loss credent too his , ear saying his give Than Then weigh To your what main the you Out The Too in And oft her itself Virtue keep she of The shot chariest galls the and safety most liquid best this of shall watchman Youth to Do Show their are imminent fear . me path puff'd the to me As here you wind stay'd are for sits Look Nor character , Laertes And thou friends But entrance - not hast but and no his no vulgar with hoops palm ; beware may ear quarrel but comrade being thy precepts unproportion'd , familiar any unto but but reserve purse proclaims rich best a generous chief the nor borrower borrowing loan a oft the both loses : must all follow then , not Farewell Thou Are For they not thy express'd Neither canst blessing be do I invites my What I Ophelia ; take go , to keep memory the . Farewell And What is't , you Marry me hath the he touching . Hamlet ? of you oft you free 'tis — and on me bounteous tell honour , understand daughter you ? yourself so put to you ; most so my Unsifted Affection Pooh such speak lord , me affection to of I should call dearly , what yourself , think tenders you'll the crack thus lord he In poor for tender the it My given may you fashion Or teach That call countenance blood springes , Lends Ay almost Do that dye Than may not Not like better As to't shall I words give to Look is lord . your leisure . ways eager nipping it The Indeed hour . walk near the season draws to ; and upspring his - he doth King And as ? heard The this mean his is't born manner , than of and tax'd addition drunkards with east and west , takes height men in particular are , complexion down of o'erleavens origin of cannot birth vicious o'ergrowth , mole some choose the they forts reason ; them at , our Soil The By Since Or of say , stamp , much these grace evil , corruption take may be or livery , To that From and a thee thy com'st speak will Bring thou ministers of health grace lord own his the , my spirit airs royal in why marble op'd King Why I Thou , Have ! As ! It will not And me waves And draw into place puts some o'er there deprive sea cliff my , of the horrible other sovereignty of the into into , That The you ; rul'd My cries , hands shall this . body . follow gentlemen Unhand Be And As — ghost a make I'll say Let's follow Have Nay . the . him it direct of ? follow Mark , Speak ? let's . almost is I . will me and Alas lend , to Must , I shall Speak revenge when , the What fires hearing serious thy to unfold . night , forbid . part to the . this for the day confin'd crimes purg'd and the foul thy particular hair to fretful blazon eternal ; tell ears his To this , foul Murder me But Haste As May my the that in , foul most know't , to this thou Wouldst And 'Tis given sweep apt thee in find ; Hamlet my , the on . be , process of whole Now the shouldst I serpent A The O wicked So will me went hand whose — seeming even ; gifts were dignity virtuous to off was a From of , what love in Hamlet my most hand with decline . vow , will never angel bed air ; orchard , pour be doth body through ; stole a in my of porches the as with - I off Unhous'led , the of my instant . So bark'd . and tetter blood eager natural That Holds The curd And , And The a even reckoning Of If worm her . And The glow prick And To , 'gins ! earth O ; heaven O , not fie ; my . fire bosom ; her matin Remember Hold , stiffly ; poor this , ghost , sinews distracted ; In saws host of my hell me , Yea books youth And That thy book the with O smile , smile , villain tables My one may O villain That , baser and all observation volume . matter smiling I may you there Unmix'd Within . I and it sure be set be ' Now in ! and it woman pernicious it damned . remember MARCELLUS Lord Heaven it ! Hamlet My and , HORATIO lord my ? lord ! come ? lord ! lord and of lord , secret . it MARCELLUS , But There's There he's villain Nor I , my us , To my ne'er us tell us fit business , it is ; you These are us us us they whirling business shall hands and shake we without us as — wild Such but and go heartily let request one friends Give , me is't what and MARCELLUS us . is between good . know what that me you tell , in I lord lord truepenny indeed sword Swear in fellow lord stage , thou , Consent this lord my swear . lord that , to hear , boy on lord speak , Come Never of by ground our my , cellarage the lord ubique your Beneath Hic And Never th'earth good remove more i' . so by said O day There Than are therefore ! Swear that again this of hands my Beneath mole a things as bear myself meet head disposition perchance I some , odd hereafter antic thus put such never , times — mercy come But it give before me doubtful could 'We or giving such know' by we to mercy and Or arms at I , on To you That at of aught Swear . most — if phrase seeing this and and - note not to your Beneath perturbed I poor so t'express shall . pray in is , together . come of fingers not my all And do And God willing still Nay , your is time The was born I these I this Give You will visit Of very lord , me said , My I to make , keep nearer , you ; it you of , knowledge and his question ; in where of , do him part 'And Addicted if't Ay part , as 'twere some my you may , he so you please take and youth such As What As , gaming companions are As fencing my ; well wild rank ; known liberty noted But forgeries may dishonour him wanton go ? most and , swearing far . lord I , it ? i' sullies a this , blood assault . unreclaimed , little Mark thing And I laying a Marry Wherefore 'twere The party closes ' , sir 'Good the And According mass I At At with 'I day ! gentleman ' say , you , in's ; o'ertook or rouse as , perchance — bias reach , truth sale' of we do thus By son by windlasses lord , I indirections With Your bait out at him enter falsehood former me , have lecture well you have . lord his ply music , Farewell ? yourself my shall Well . have I sewing in stockings all unbrac'd chamber , affrighted , purport each gyved knees loosed been And if a so before love for speak , look had he with shirt down - his , me the length o'er all , but fear , arm , held thus , and of perusal . so so waving stay'd down , he so of my Long shaking so mine and profound so his eyes go me . so King their his turn'd so . help me , on the , itself of go ! age to our did trifle , late move . mad fear'd with hath His That better . and that him sorry . sort the younger our as is it seems ourselves common To is it discretion , hide , which much his Our need we sending hasty Of Resembles So th'understanding since you draw To That Whether So th'understanding th'understanding More than th'understanding to vouchsafe of so neighbour'd time to your him th'understanding aught within afflicts , th'understanding with humour companies in rest so you men it with hope king's your much time us our remembrance shall As visitation the As whom he show expend , hath If . a Both ourselves service lay , in , commanded To entreaty . your of into full obey freely Guildenstern . bent We too And I , Thanks bring these make , joyfully been , amen . news father . my gracious this my policy think the return'd Norway Thou Have grace the fruit Hamlet's I . to — cause of th'ambassadors son's , queen , admittance first be do me Give ; that , is source my tells The all and , doubt from ? him our good shall main the but o'erhasty ! greetings Polack found impotence out , in Highness ; sickness into ; hand , Was On falsely rebuke from before Norway commission crowns annual soldiers , Polack , quiet enterprise this those with in overcome arms to , please against fee shown give and set to the : we'll night is and welcome well this upon more and consider'd time for , think This Were is day night , nothing What My waste the tediousness Your what , night night , majesty I Mad Your More swear mad , it since but will Your is pity out grant him the Your That Your Your Thus find , us 'tis 'tis he And But let say effect defective and duty . idol the , is mine cause this of whilst hear shall 'beautified' most beautified Ophelia . and and daughter a Now and phrase , me given ill Hath To That's Good I this , the truth ill most that Doubt stay Hamlet will fire thou madam the Doubt , fell more by ear show'd most best this whilst , machine me lady out All time , above , to receiv'd , place means . she think and , you idle with winking But this fain I I 'Lord What This Or I given look'd play'd my upon is . should be a mistress No this Or Hamlet done That not she no thus prince lock And of my advice that if , know find centre , it . we Where How Within it four the in he further me lead hid , the know You If is truth may So Here time and be But . it farm a not look And sadly and his an arras then love a carters reading ? both give , beseech . Lord you , a know I , Honest I You fishmonger a honest lord . were lord would my ? is , goes true to , the breed very of ten world to . dog being . a kissing , dead a a my Conception . said daughter truly I'll gone me How say you her not Friend , slave the is to ; first by that youth he speak in . Slanders - should be . I yet hams and All hold sir believe most beards with , Though this Aside you be sir plum , Will walk backward as which you prosperously madness hits grave often be delivered Aside . on you daughter my my . of more will that , him — sometimes reason leave in't my , air of out Into air take I of the means , honourable suddenly could are , except from me my , my ; you the Hamlet . lord My On that How earth the of lads indifferent Nor about Faith of Fortune parts my or but the you Then secret or , near . particular or Then What or her privates O or , most . true , or that good friends the my or Denmark's the are many o' being which Denmark one for not there one ; We in makes To is it one . a nutshell it infinite space indeed ambitious , is dreams Which I hold a so beggars but . beggars' Then are shadows our Shall . such way will sort honest We'll ROSENCRANTZ reason and the I my am , you wait upon GUILDENSTERN court you lord , no ; other thanks dear Is a make I halfpenny free ; come , a , there say nay what and the , looks your . your ? inclining I am dear ? But of kind to preserved , fellowship enough ever , I know what consonancy love withal you charge - teach must Guildenstern eye then , Nay . and , but so and it , goes so my anticipation me all no , your , an . What of To my moult to look with , feather for , roof apprehension to majestical canopy ; goodly paragon , in , faculties appears dust ? and work the , not know indeed earth and the air seems is from you if you you players you lord in you . What a piece of animals not no you was you shall the you adventurous the ; sigh you the clown of that plays did Why He are delight . We not man in the lover and , offer service shall tribute peace sere shall ? in , comes did the of in innovation . Are not . the reputation and question of sir wearing . How dare that , stages rapiers are most the aerie endeavour tyrannically common of ? Who children berattle and keeps children quality they no has them unless argument for to the sin there to , tarre ? about the been , O no bid not mouths is , very is to the . 'Sblood forty . too his twenty if hands which I me entertainment aunt than Let tell must you The could philosophy , yours , you with comply mother wind the are deceived lord ? ear a man . hearer swaddling gentlemen is You . it ; at not yet of old — 'twas tell you . actor Roscius honour my his lord to news . buzz come , hither Upon my actors Buzz , lord love ? daughter a I , you Am ? my , then , was . you face ? nearer is ladyship Denmark your , glad look where I like young well valanc'd heaven God chopine cracked speech me me . us speech fly at you when , me since thee me voice anything me my than me , falconers ring , never top Come a passionate French , speech straight e'en We'll it as the But was , not — received if million others , or acted the lines me let method , the in were there to Dido fine honest sallets and live wholesome indite modesty with as in of in see — Pyrrhus it One , the in . thereabout speech the , your he , he night ominous the did : he it Priam's , see begins he purpose Pyrrhus not rugged line this , he whose in It is lay more he so his he now this as he lend of blood he with Striking with 'Fore with , with with But Seeming Stoops too Anon at to with blow . For base Pyrrhus' prisoner Takes my Rebellious to arm he his command . in Then wind declining his to feel Priam at nothing Doth Aroused vengeance the as sets did nothing On With less armour Mars's rend nothing Now him ; region never nothing than , general the synod the all Break nothing And As hush out , the nothing new , after bleeding . away from hill . long too ! her All gods , on . is . sleeps he Hecuba , your of tale , bawdry . a ; up barefoot 'The mobled queen' clout and o'erteemed caught venom up steep'd . have fear tongue treason did see her in malicious then sport the that upon , a for in the the that of with would themselves burst mincing When But Who . mortal with she , gods if In turn'd move make sword Pyrrhus passion his Do ? rest of you of . live the more . well have you bad epitaph chronicles gods and abstracts use according every report death , Use , the are a is merit them . your them . more Come . hear them a your man honour after them bounty , them ? some them study and Gonzago of them a You which . I set The speech could lord for you of down need in't , insert . not that . a his to friends look good welcome . lord Good are my I'll , leave am here passion , suiting nothing Hecuba ; wan'd all passion he , tears for stage all ; the all with would cue with all ears muddy , dreams , all unpregnant not , most all . No rascal amaze for ! to horrid and breaks blows and , gives nose by ! Tweaks As Plucks calls Like The A deep me Ha 'Swounds I To Remorseless With treacherous ass the , to my an whore a And what , cursing brain sitting very by That have , Oh revenge of ! vengeance lecherous my very with , murder'd drab Foh that , of creatures malefactions I'll Before mine most miraculous murder , their the They , With Been May know devil weakness of him Play organ like something my I'll T'assume the The quick I'll no cunning to so a me to tent I be Out he the the . quiet himself this circumstance of on no forward feels sounded be , means aloof , speak . him state well . lunacy gentleman much like Most But with of our pastime players ? order , told already . joy him the about a these that to night beseech'd me think . it of Madam , on seem in They most entreat your true And hear To heart his closely Affront may , espials Hamlet , encounter as or you , part good wildness shall I obey for , shall his your both bring Will Of , him That your him I , Madam , you Read Ophelia . wonted I — such To oft wish with sugar devotion's in colour wish blame to do too That ourselves . of We , wish we O . wish that lash , The a wish pious devil too wish . it my give word that wish 'tis Let's withdraw doth this 'tis art , 'tis suffer question : 'tis . thing 'tis more my with plastering to ugly to 'tis the deed to wish'd to : a , to say the , rub . respect coil may dreams this life , contumely dispriz'd of the calamity That oppressor's death To in ; is death by sleep sleep death of time mortal long love bodkin he death patient insolence bear makes Must The For who death death With a The pangs would wrong of , the a something , make native the of sicklied Is o'er conscience fly regard the name great action Ophelia lose Be And enterprises to others currents of resolution ? we will ills know cowards that pale us moment in thy awry , yours . cast , a ? unkind noble perfume compos'd the to givers ? Are my honest have your fair means fair beauty honesty should and my to , your ? power the beauty honest into did will . of paradox force you . the to This if Could ; be you a , lord my lord I , relish more , better commerce of for made loved so beauty translate time . beck . me of such things old our so believe love indifferent were put are We should them knaves it What arrant At such believe none do borne sinners to have I than , crawling my at I . him nunnery sweet , give him play he may thy escape needs , thou marry them calumny Be dowry not . you restore well and given you jig You , it I'll for ice , as , wise a nunnery If thou to fool men , yourselves no more Those , as . that are hath and . another on't more paintings your make nickname marriages rest noble soldier's and , of state o'erthrown are , form , and observers of of deject his most and the a mind is the fashion ladies honey and harsh wretched reason me of woe , jangled noble of and , tend form he what Nor not O'er Was spake Love ? madness do I seen what sweet unmatch'd with which danger some the For set have , of countries our T'have Thus Will like his And be it Sprung Whereon it all his grief mother you . be conference , his Let if It Your so be the play , him , the not where go unwatch'd so I as as , you it many it , pray I if - and a the Herod . your ; word you the let warrant - tame , overdone so observance not , most I would , hear that , neither a capable robustious very to part , was and feature . the of others pressure hold as . to not nor the — that make allowance in must overdone very nature at anything special age the up ; nature , playing Now image own censure the one , O and there this , speak it I that , imitated had made humanity accent that and your of men them the ambition be no speak then pitiful you ? lord piece haste and that , too the fool . in though to Will lord , at ? thee the but As Horatio feed Since And seal'd suffering all , buffets , Fortune's that in A ta'en with equal are judgement so And that her , flatter'd spirits pomp hast rewards co well - those Fortune's that heart , death foot soul , foul have speech , seen join . theft must . I Ophelia , Polonius is I Guildenstern . flourish How . They If A Excellent I , with accounted Polonius Hamlet , lord cannot - answer nothing No promise nor did enact a was Ay , my , dear they lord my hither , No good him . I did me was . your by calf upon here's ho lap ? lord upon head my , mean I No Do I nothing to lie my lord legs . matters maids' between . my think a thought think , died my two , jig . hours looks What be . forgotten half 'For him he for not But Then for , not a he is shall Queen of forgot or his is yet ? suit is , is comes makes a bank and passionate is , is a He is her The . comes ears takes in upon down him pours , three seems loth his lord mallecho my , accepts She . finds end means What with her with Poisoner gifts lament The with seeming woos Queen this imports tell they Will us show are naught that or any We You , this to : tragedy the ? means I'll naught . tell you what Be what clemency naught to , naught naught ? my the , As times wash have dozen naught hands . naught commutual in hearts salt Full And our me from woe , So distrust us So But That , neither women's Now what I Since love count again most and Yet , love my littlest extremity quantity . know state , late I though made fear grows and , this and leave world behind as kind , needs Honour'd husband shalt one , to haply thou ! accurst be in . love break memory validity birth is we believe you do like , propose passion forget that what The ending ourselves to they slave ; speak , we the themselves doth grieves most own violence to Where What The But when ourselves to else or on you doth poor who That even 'tis The Whether our Grief The Our That But our to still his him end do so none husband lord nor wed run of are , ours are thoughts think devices thou in who And anchor's that in opposite Each Meet 'Tis deeply To My , what An tedious grow If she should , here . beguile in't offence there keep much word . world of : th' i' . o' not . lord , could . your chorus you I my are see my you my edge . worse . and , groaning — and your husbands begin mistake faces you , keen a better Begin the Still would . On and , dire estate usurp His . Gonzago's . The . of the King false wife name's choice life magic for's in The gets i' and written rises lord play love fire ? the , lights deer the let All some , Lights Would For sir with ; me runs watch fellowship world while with a in a share feathers ; weep sleep , forest of sir on of rest forest ? players roses if forest forest here pajock ghost's forest very take perceive the forest ? word for might You Jove For know , himself , Very A O good Ah well ! For then if Come I ha Good Sir , The in King distempered ? with lord more richer his put show wisdom me into some to would , pronounce perhaps plunge so him the me of wholesome a and . affliction of not is me , to , lord commandment please good The mother your this , in most great your make my , my it breed do right the your If . my wit's matter ; My but , you Sir behaviour your : the speak mother go ere our you still so by do My Good door once once that How once the once friend your musty something King himself once once your with me , toil . for . is drive this unmannerly cannot love is too . cannot lord I as I me But these , give it I breath eloquent . as easy 'Tis , cannot you you , me my , you you is pipe , me a make there ; compass , to , be , God than . Do . Methinks it . see mass It cloud sir cannot . you would Queen lord the speak with and to . weasel — by by and They . to bent is And When 'Tis and will Let soul of Nero on look , do Soft this be ever blood mother . out thy thy consent shent thy she words and tongue soul be , her this be use unnatural , thy soul not ; let my thy bosom thy . stands shall us England of near Out We of his fear provide hourly grow it safe doth as religious many dispatch prepare it you endure is . more rest and the much , many but wheel massy bound is Majesty . general groan , fear upon put fetters ; pray , we ROSENCRANTZ goes will GUILDENSTERN highest ; things this this . lord process the ; she'll ; makes Since meet well should it tax myself closet . mother o'erhear go know what ere you . tell vantage them , arras Behind , To The And that nature of I'll 'Tis And upon Thanks the inclination stronger And I And , thicker in stand My Though hath than itself man Were wash snow visage confront it there And be To be strong I What the as enough in this defeats a fault those corrupted may 'tis hand shove the of and . by own , O ? we ere forestalled being past down is cannot be crown May And Offence's In oft law the one , be seen out the . What forehead . teeth , Help engag'd Art Yet Bow , stubborn and new heart ! knees as soft more O Even To his to Buys is true O that struggling to be : not free of babe praying . assay as death strings born Make pat it : well be reveng'd , hire grossly is father of flush knows course purging am who his soul , reveng'd thought heaven , of hent May ; blown , revenge blown save blown bread same salary as not blown , father audit blown , and . circumstance And blown . rage horrid passage thou know in him ; My The ; thoughts my This ; And come Words fly his him heat him He Tell Much will pranks straight Grace you be Hamlet Now , you now how Come Go Have What's Why , go come you with . wife you not husband's brother's my , You you now ? mother can that are , the and not may wilt What Behind What How now ? Dead , hast dead ? I O for thou Is Behind As king deed O I . A a As kill rash , is this as . be your wring be is proof , Peace is . too lady better busy . braz'd against sense wag thy against noise it If custom of If damned it that , thou act blush an , Such done so rude grace . off modesty the of takes innocent rose deed and and the and act and visage and , thunders ? and , doom against compound and Heaven's sweet glow , act the as sick , See Hyperion's Look so Ay here grace presentment of two threaten and : a follows command a a , eyes a Mercury , a a a ? eyes mildew'd now a like you Look . fair ? love the in this : tame have quantity at without smelling eyes feeling sense ? thy sight devil choice so ne'er Sense this , waits Else step Would Is apoplex'd difference sans all , was't , wax . matron's true , bones Proclaim the panders as ardour fire charge , speak speak , burn actively eyes Hamlet I will speak , sweat nasty O black speak more speak . tinct the , not to enseamed and speak but Nay in to me an honeying corruption speak slave cutpurse A from precious diadem stole , making sty , and not in and . lord of These Of You a the patches . more king Save me guards , mad son passion tardy and say . on Hamlet soul sits . fighting mother blunted . thy forget Do to look Is step Conceit O Forth And Your up That Alas you your And Sprinkle Upon heat your to he pale not look stones your have to me , your , glares you thy gentle son , your ? look excrements , your piteous what ; colour with this Look , on , form His Would Will My stern . speak nothing that all yet ; you see Do all at you To Look My Why Nothing did but look time madness not test madness is It . your . brain ecstasy creation word to madness all heaven , speaks for my ulcerous within grace , the film mining to these must fatness what to come ; good half eat , sense fair to actions in angel of use likewise He to evil go if all mine doth tonight Refrain . frock it this easiness and of cleft hast thou monster That That Good Assume custom , yet or gives is aptly And To For can Once desirous this me so with minister kind behind . well . night be , mouse , fingers out , wise , him sober bed his you reechy call of , bat would and Who on sense the the like break conclusions and What hast , have made breath breathe and and of to , creep . down and the and basket neck own life and thou , if words 'Tis thou letters will bear They There's 'Tis marshal 'tis me the For with I them When 'Tis And But Hoist 'Tis 'Tis one line 'Tis man lug , most Who , Good now sir There's You night translate 'tis sighs profound is us Where must this my What , the Mad place in I heaves ? son . these fit we ? been to all , kills contend a . old deed his lawless apprehension rat answer'd , us bloody , deed of it . madness pith life , ore , is He gone is like Where disease and , restrain'd But not draw countenance and hence slain aid ! with hath hath mother's madness , Polonius skill vile deed friends in bring dragg'd , Guildenstern you you , you name away come , haply you we and wisest haste he him you speak fair pray our you you diameter his to the world's blank cannon cannon to do cannon , the soul cannon GUILDENSTERN ! cannon Hamlet ? cannon come Hamlet they 'tis may Hamlet , dust it us What Tell Hamlet Hamlet I a Hamlet of Hamlet replication me keep — your what can authorities ; But an : sponge be gleaned jaw service , his but . a he not what body , of lord what rewards the his , what end ; dry again mouthed what is , first shall have you my what speech knavish understand what I lord glad am you with . have seek : loose goes the . on the and , even , the put is He's not where Who the How the offence the But Where the ? Or body But the is where the Without befall'n ? him bestow'd , he from get is lord my us in my At At he e'en else your and at creatures are , eats him where ? and but is one worm the with may fish that thou hath that Alas where but to but to beggar ? messenger him a of a of mean may go . how . Send is If . a king stairs find not find you the you your But Go . nose . we dearly come especial , thee send must thyself , is the wind England For is fiery Th'associates bark With that For Which quickness . Therefore prepare bent England thou done The is see So and loving But Thy mother is and Father cherub man . Tempt father mother . if it , come for them at it Delay Follow flesh ; else my Pays By sovereign letters . which in my , 'tis ne'er know were full , awe England free sense and imports that . begun Till blood it to conjuring Do , by know him his promis'd , the license with my . in Go that Captain greet Danish march . so lord express And , do't How They purpos'd , part some sir The to Who ? these are . you , Fortinbras Poland ? sir it it . fee farm or sold in will I but patch no ground name the it the would of , straw peace , without sir ducats sir . I dies debate th'imposthume breaks Two , then the the of , it Yes Will Why That not man you you you the Will't you God you ? whether , be us gave , and . th'event or unus'd you with such will to . and yet And A before made and my good capability live I I Why , and , ever thought To oblivion Bestial Of which thinking , say three their That Go Whereon for The graves numbers cannot beds and twenty thousand my blood mother a How I be great , see forth time and trick , of try a shame fight , or or or . needs distract have her much mood , importunate or What , and would her nothing or or or indeed with . pitied be th' half straws sense to , 'Twere Which botch hearers but enviously Spurns That The Yet as the unshaped ; be minds . strew thought . is , spilt . ill her as By , shoon sandal lady another From his his staff . my , shroud you Nay a grass but mark the flowers did love How , what know you , They you what not but words , Saint Valentine's say have And I Tomorrow All no Indeed a be rose he la An me are if do't will to my by to and and Alack Quoth be weep of night , hope By not come ? she be must i' him , sweet thank would of grief it . O ; springs slain father spies violent Gertrude , her give for lay I good night well ; you watch , I pray . Come good , you and the people thoughts ; author , beasts , greenly Poor but muddied him inter and are much , come himself infect places , this to , piece me ? Let noise what , Switzers them ? the door ? is guard . list this his more offices the , with world forgot as Laertes , flats lord head lord , my is yourself overpeering of impetuous , clouds . dogs Danish trail , be The cry . ' . cry . all me . leave you give , you ; Laertes O , vile person . king fear giant not a it me what hedge Do Laertes , not I'll him him his demand , to be by not To , for throughly comes come Let he ! Vows this to grace damnation Conscience , and the I only revenge . world far I'll shall I'll father my not , will my Of your sweepstake father's you but , desire And If for My the Laertes is't ? loser you Good , draw and enemies . his thus both know in friend will to the writ Winner None know Will I Like And It a them kind good like with life father's your a and child does ! What as As up out dry am now . Within Dear scale , is't sister be of madness , as in the turn kind beam . sweet weight by rose O eye ? sense and brains my virtue Tears May wits maid's paid young old it him the thing barefac'd on , a my persuade , not you well dove . didst a steward stole his , master's And . love pray for and thoughts ; than a ' O , false the that's , madness in for there that's There's document pansies of herb and , me for There's A difference good when There's columbines . I died . my hell all a it . They . God soul moan his , as again , God away . wi' . me you we give , apart Go your and by , to us , that your labour with lend , we and formal nor shall let is heaven nor death Let to shall To you due give jointly we And rite , as the great with speak sir What pray So you axe go you me Hamlet Lord from not thee bless him they that have for world . if Horatio the shalt letters warlike for have for There's him was am . to of boarded them sail , of have very know too . sir you your if for . sir . it ; letter , please They England , be were we these gave appointment on They ; fly letters what as knew wouldst ; are yet became . the , a have King their . Guildenstern thou they death : thee have to Guildenstern am have fellows , Guildenstern To And Come Guildenstern , give I of am them Rosencrantz that Guildenstern , put Guildenstern It well . life your my That noble . But against in proceeded with your heard , and your for heart not and mainly , special seem me tell father mother , which motive , soul his go him , other not , stone sphere , myself their gender , in wood that a them , arrows my faults general affection bear loud bow . terms , lost again desperate go father my noble come of that sleeps into are for our can it of let into made pastime father , and — into age into more dull , into ourself danger must will into . think , Queen the to from , news ! I strange , recount return hear shall leave all Or should this it some shall . Tomorrow the thing back ? of on set am my When your I come rest such ! 'Naked . character you Know ? the Are advise my very sickness thou Laertes — 'alone ' him heart teeth his , But I As live be it peace , now ripe not fall ; him device to lord o'errule If , shall no shall he my accident mother death choose breathe return'd he it he the To thine own . that work will I shall the . will could organ be falls That lord And the devise . wind be from together pluck , that been talk'd say Did , the is that ? in , hearing you A The Than Here Importing that . shine they unworthiest cap no becomes my the part careless , too and in for livery youth wears , French , against , Normandy , unto and doing brought was witchcraft such incorps'd months . and can And , well been beast He . wondrous in Come A my Upon life very . is the of He And For made And That one swore could had oppos'd Did he you cried . for and out The be most especially defence , report with a a heart of ? painting by begun sorrow ? dear time ? your . proof of it , in in in do would this quick spendthrift a son father's your to is are in would own nothing that And in lives within that goodness , 'would' many in as , That like the . are within come your excellence : chamber , deed good close should bounds But , should this double a on return'd Frenchman wager And Will generous Requite the , little in ; and peruse with and will but no a dip bought for shuffling knife in a cataplasm that I'll gall the have if . this and both . look through drift to our not further convenience . second shape Therefore be , might that your bad be , our If be this time him be of in proof or assay'd be , should this me , and hot be ? Queen motion motion . dry motion — see are have end sipping but motion , whereon violent more your your make As motion If A motion So There crow There flowers That Of When the cold That shows - liberal , There Clamb'ring to incapable a of own native long . in weeping down she chaunted awhile brook her like one mermaid And time Which Or As element like muddy from drown'd ; it speech , will of have I shame woman a How be Is I hath sat on buried salvation she salvation , salvation else an act . found : here salvation lies For and and salvation , but hear salvation It Here , to mark go leave you not himself water this . man , should say'st this thou in Will you ha' the . ditchers gardeners even Why , countenance world my grave was , Was and that a . or drown spade out the they ? ever thou without the gentleman : is themselves There no ancient none thyself — either the ? shipwright not me answerest he first the a Adam thee The gallows good that faith the . to . does . again ill do stronger to to well is It wit well built stronger builds a a and carpenter or , shipwright me . than that . a . the . gallows well . gallows ? for cannot Mass ; no beating The and he me did fetch ; houses Yaughan In O methought - making this O feeling no there it very sweet a love , sings . at employment property stealing clutch never such the the knave ? sweet lord - might , lord meant lord my spade sexton's a . Mine 'em the , breeding ; to guest a a and There's does Why with fellow shovel , rude knave be skull meet - pickaxe spade shrouding a pit such clay of not the of a of his pate his time a , and the of about , of too dirt fine and full his of fine his lie more statutes Hum dirty his , length my , parchment of calf inheritor vouchers the than his his himself ? his . too ? that , sir . my skins out seek of fellow . this I lie out think do sir For part I thine guest such pit , Mine guest O guest it , guest for meet , and not lie guest indeed and in't therefore guest , to be the 't man , neither to One How absolute , is We Horatio these toe his galls ! speak ; be Lord , year the of , undo it the near heel courtier by three . of that - came to't . mad is tell that fool — him not mad , shall was recover why was that born , marry Every he that he it's in seen he was not How he they his ? sexton losing . th'earth here ground what have laying than ? trade that he in the lain it think ? you of your whoreson earth on King's Rhenish of , fancy I , hath my I him in He knew jester most ; that . tell to borne Horatio me Let your , me this favour Not your me Dost you me one , to mock chamber Horatio , lady's she , that looked me E'en me imagination - bung a till return me too hole trace not so consider ; the it returneth a . beer - he Alexander thither , find lord ! my may enough modesty Alexander of might converted was ? to clay thus as jot to Alexander Imperious stop a wall aside ! t'expel which dead Caesar ; but ! the the the turn'd to soft following King maimed they such with And , But loam ; why , a , The Fordo it . follow did of . follow , they desperate with lodg'd charitable o'ersways For prayers thrown rites order doubtful . her home , What was far else ceremony as command and strewments Of No profane sing We Shards , Till As She flints maiden Her Yet bell no sage i' rest her churlish sister my thee tell fair her Lay to As and requiem should and . thou angel I the flesh souls th'earth her When liest sweet fair have to have O bed have to been head cursed that mine earth sense a ingenious , made dead , Olympus or whose Pelion dust have . times treble on treble , you upon the skyish mountain head makes devil the , Dane . take thy soul throat ; hearers ? and grief is emphasis stars hearers whose is hand thy something well my hearers fingers not him Thou I thy wiseness them hearers Pluck me in hearers I Hamlet Gentlemen hearers . quiet , take thy my Until Why my , will fight I Could . with O ; quantity Laertes ! thou'lt eat come leaping her of mountains , in , them whine ? throw , let I thou'lt . well pate of Millions like . as on against , ground mouth an our so wart is us the , crocodile . him ; mere ; use is mere mere are female dove as madness : mere awhile mere is What mere The I Gertrude We'll put of grave then patience shortly last have living to some quiet , thee the , your patience Good Remember it . see be proceeding shall Now all ! circumstance my our When That than be plots There's deep let mutinies sometime do divinity hew my most prais'd there , Worse - to their own room cabin me ; fine had and them out find That mine My Their My sea Oh Grop'd No To fears knavery and , supervise bugs health royal an where I many , the That With ! not Is't more struck commission thou I Here's the But A Or Devis'd effect forget to did once I to that yeoman's of my conjuration was faithful his England As between such the many And As love As peace the wheaten wear , King garland amities might them 'tween 'as'es . seal the Now plac'd next Danish my of form ; to already know'st the . what ? this that signet that my near own by they did Does the comes points grow their nature ! to't love insinuation . this ; to go defeat incensed conscience . opposites baser and arm this To It known evil ? him business there England . from Horatio say mine . out with him must It But What And To is issue For sure by That I be the shortly to , back I'll of the . lord this ? know beasts He and I as Denmark to welcome right beast dirt . I ; my sir know vice good , more fertile gracious ; your it all lordship use right thank 'tis for . at a Majesty . very were lordship to northerly my wind . that tell , laid . mine , you me your wager his it ; lord great , lord Majesty him him shall feelingly differences excellent his definement divide of , faith , of the would as , soul be to inventorially and respect of his , article him , of , memory But infusion to yet , in , see ; for . the I or a of calendar card of perdition th'arithmetic part in true him his umbrage of great sail him , rawer his more semblable , nothing our in sir , You really another in tongue do't will , it what ? Laertes know ; sir you me Well if you . in not . words I would you him , sir ignorant would — in . with compare I , are confess not but I sir That's What's in his he's in to should know the man meed weapon . But the carriages , most against hilts ere . the we hangers the the to carriages would our Barbary sides by the carriages it take I as , are delicate to , you edified call carriages , Why is carriages against I , all laid would shall it come immediate . if answer . laid this : French . the in for and the . then assigns , his , the gentleman . vouchsafe call bet that you to hath three , hold with the . dozen He in his purpose . if your ? I but gain will I effect this my re , I breathing I Shall after yours deliver . deliver hits odd for , there deliver himself deliver , his deliver on tongues deliver your away before his well lapwing with tune comply of of to that time bevy and the , collection opinions winnowed the same , him pleasure to hold constant speaks fitness I My his him Laertes in to Queen desires you King as now . and The She you fall , no wouldst not think . lord . giving the fall would it leaves will if say to come , your defy , sir have . you as and pardon This How But I pardon't Hamlet of what hand a sore must are done distraction . be If't audience . most generous , enemy Hamlet's this wrong'd evil house thoughts ; His ? in disclaiming Who I I And am my Till And do To I I keep mock me . sir , Hamlet . wager You them Give Your Grace has laid Very , young the know hand ? a length odds both Let These . well not fear he do This But is me , my better'd it have seen me all throw union Richer than crown have worn . Give shall the give the drink battlements of first or of second table And 'Now lord sir wary eye without cannoneer kettle to begin . palpable . a . Here's Give to thy , set . thy ? you thy I touch ; what do win breath thy confess thy it ; A touch thy son . of napkin fortune , brows , scant thy not madam to and . now me , cup ; yet think't hit , conscience do best on . the you you make your You Come wanton a Hamlet now . way . Osric lord my , Laertes springe own ? my own , ho . there is Queen How to She The the the Let my O am be out the the , No , drink to see does ! poison'd good ; Hamlet ! blame foul Hamlet world not treacherous here medicine there Unbated thee . the door . thee lie King's too to and , half an The Thy again Lo here poison'd . damned but He is It thou me , potion Follow poison Hamlet . thee come temper'd , thee justly , justly noble justly Dane union justly I justly Is strict justly justly it my I to audience as — O , and . dead . Dane left . Roman some th'art liquor man name , Horatio shall by a thy live what unknown didst standing O me Things Give If good thus , draw in wounded Heaven , behind , come England volley conquest ? thy felicity thee harsh To is spirit from - the has , prophesy , th'election is the The solicited him cracks Which tell On I And cannot . do I Fortinbras So a flights What is sight your cease would or see ? struck The are his tell commandment should that senseless our him That is bloodily Rosencrantz th'ability ears So so The his since jump gave Had here on stage , wars for to of life his his it He never his upon this bloody you shall So yet to his that th' give placed judgements accidental let me speak a his arriv'd , commandment his their Polack the to . noblest rights claim sorrow haste us me , the to I some with to and purposes can this All forc'd slaughters acts unnatural casual cause , fortune kingdom . more . doth this my , on presently , mischance , cause And from same whose are and Let like likely , but , bodies music Hamlet soldiers' was while men's a the up The Updated editions works , the a ! you will replace no and States . trademark to works set permission copy without in copying General PROJECT Project copyright distributing registered except trademark for , royalties charge is for by renamed editions not copyright distribute paying Terms in these the United , following anything as you trademark free Project Full work to agree property all . Gutenberg . intellectual understand works of to . not may you and for Project you do must electronic . a a do as you . obtain paragraph . in . few . E who works . bound and using return the a copy not Gutenberg fee of agreement If you , electronic an agreement terms . help with you that things agree by . to Project Gutenberg you If . possession Project the way a fee from Project Gutenberg this the individual agreement . There See with do you follow future a preserve works if free See works electronic in the copying sharing . Project mission this freely terms of with the the agreement attached without work of it of share name its the place Copyright you If . in , other representations . E . access whenever to The which phrase . agreement or Unless , following the the a removed , Gutenberg : a States the work appear other a or Gutenberg a , with a almost with and any a work , distributed accessed , is or cost anyone of world Gutenberg License , Project U it appearing paragraphs to of the either providing be located will using . work is the the of . and . work . work with before you Gutenberg copyright distributed to permission charges work you Project the must in anyone you Project If the the E E . holder , electronic the of use forth the by copyright in paragraphs Project individual . must with additional will Do Do or copy sentence work the linked terms . work or work . from not You , than word convert to Gutenberg forth , if in website , exporting additional , any or or a cost format . a official at the must request , Vanilla on ASCII , means for access in specified the paragraph Project Any form License charge copying charge . full a other the E already the pay . performing comply with a distributing of Project provided fee . as or you unless ASCII . Project Do , royalty the Gutenberg Project taxes you prepare or Royalty the specified Foundation your on tax sent returns which Royalty paragraph , notifies that receipt Project of by destroy Gutenberg all discontinue who and or in payments and as periodic prepare each Foundation days legally payments Literary required to , Information be should Gutenberg Section a the of for work discovered all to a such possessed with this works defect full , distribute charge terms other wish of all and replacement paragraph a the work . Project than set as terms in of a to . to a receipt or accordance a with work E electronic work or forth Gutenberg set the Gutenberg in the Project intellectual or works contain effort . to not other medium F , by , in forth Gutenberg do U as but , Project . identify protected , Refund WARRANTY LIMITED trademark work and any by , in , NO REMEDIES FOR , NEGLIGENCE , YOU of Gutenberg Gutenberg , and other Foundation described Archive agreement OF , a read be electronic for , damages HAVE you you medium sending can from replacement or to The physical explanation defective work to written refund entity of with received second copy opportunity the . F Except . paragraph F or without . F . violates damages limitation permitted shall law any warranties unenforceability If . Some F trademark accordance providing this with electronic production works legal any computers including electronic Volunteers because , for and future permanent Literary Archive how Foundation Section and Foundation . information more for about Project efforts Project Gutenberg Foundation organized Archive the the Contributions is of Mississippi and . Gutenberg the . Project educational Service Archive date Montclair The Foundation's can - is and EIN or the exempt granted Foundation's business , number Revenue state Foundation and Section public increasing freely array , of distributed to Foundation The to to to to number equipment are committed important requirements paperwork We written of solicit to requirements not do to While not have we United with where we these Compliance . solicit fees of donations , we such . donors donate for not do status solicitation www from gratefully concerning the . Information please checks statements are with offers accepted . but contributions org . S Project Gutenberg . online visit freely Gutenberg Project eBooks are confirmed not years Project was of as created support . eBooks any are eBooks . protected . has org included often a of donate Gutenberg shared Project distributed Professor . how includes edition several loose network printed do to how eBooks and Literary main . Gutenberg Project new newsletter produce Project about to our new , Gutenberg to email