there . Who's unfold Stand ? most upon Stand ? Stand yourself Stand Stand ! Stand Stand your , Francisco . at quiet thee am much I Have a guard mouse good stirring , haste ! night who good liegemen O Give , my Barnardo has Barnardo , is Horatio him . piece A , What And Horatio will dreaded to us With says twice him along night . down , westward all from of the , this we Barnardo night that's that burns , bell thee In , The Had made his Peace scholar ; off Mark like to King . Horatio fear , be Horatio What Together with In this of to . spoke thee charge buried warlike . offended and with . form speak ! away I will Horatio not Is now gone ! 'Tis ! Stay ! You think God ! the When frown'd sledded once strange he combated an the on had angry parle ; avouch . th'ambitious and particular the In what in This now So Why nightly And same for the cast most me eruption of work he scope and tell my our that ; sore the that from this day haste week me King , Hamlet , him , compact conqueror lands ; heraldry valiant esteem'd , world emulate Fortinbras most a , of inheritance the gaged Against Which Did Had forfeit . Now ; hath For in it But compulsatory , of unto enterprise , some which by in't and doth , there , other and the preparations take lands I , figure portentous the . mind's Rome eye Julius state Roman palmy the the and sun influence trains and stood almost the like And A the coming . events on the with empire the dews stands fierce countrymen it voice , and , Unto even harbingers As prologue climatures , blast it , me precurse doomsday to preceding to sick And Have If That I'll which of Stop Speak Extorted they , if , the , Marcellus oft walk earth ! stand with ! not if 'Tis 'Tis majestical , so show 'Tis wrong it the gone it of being air blows speak guilty heard have I . to is with It And The Doth Awake the cock a that And present object confine his To on that It This Whether fearful started , like a trumpet day the summons , Some say And Unto , young needful Do As you dumb , him Cornelius , and Lords Laertes To bear so wisest discretion grief green hearts far we our Yet That , of our dear . kingdom nature ; in eye defeated warlike our , him on woe our of fought and sorrow with auspicious as this queen , frame death our worth , have we delight with and have which For . wisdoms along nor , disjoint fail'd and father ourself uncle bed - for brother with this time Fortinbras to scarcely suppress levies all are that in purpose , proportions , here : made , scope duty allow articles more will : CORNELIUS and nothing , what's , Laertes of us , cannot it all and , Of with haste . show commend your . you , the to the to ? to of my speak reason whence thou throne more hand The The head not have instrumental more native the Laertes , return came duty pardon hard time leave to be thy spend , hour my cousin ; thine will at son ! colour on lids die thee common it is to nature , all that ever for eye , noble like a thy must . seems eye visage of grief , Hamlet , breath , seem . common , the and for But survivor , note take of our throne , For , let and think throw today to fault a , and . so , first the that he who still you most the impart we And chiefest It is most beseech cheer you and , cousin comfort prayers , and of our , to Wittenberg , eye our go obey ; not you her lose us with mother stay Why This And His Seem unweeded world O ! away too canon this too resolve God ! garden nature two mother hang would name is a on him — month woman she mine my — father month more married a sheets galled speed her most unrighteous , incestuous lordship , lord Horatio : lord name with you — report violence say , funeral ? you ere in are your drink to to see deep affair my mother's upon . wedding the Horatio , Or see see see Thrift father , Would ever see Where my king see see . all again . all ? eye , he him In I had met had I My eye — eye for yesternight . father like a him his eye I eye eye ! father him eye my Who ? With Upon Season For Two Marcellus nights and A them exactly , encounter'd point and slow Appears Goes Been In together dead , them ; the not dreadful dumb his third impart whilst like solemn thrice surprised to , like . kept , This the true father and this platform I more made your good ; once did speak address methought we where yet and , head as it cock morning vanish'd the it shrunk in sight . 'tis duty ; our it of know honour'd , watch lord , lord my , yes My And had there Most fix'd very eyes very more in very very . BARNARDO very very very ? no his in , Longer , moderate It you it noble warrant Perchance I A as , have speak bid Give an Let Upon then foul I My some , my : soul them Though sit Your Till the And and the trifling you , sister necessaries is let Do the No more permanent fashion suppliance so more , not youth A youth youth youth perfume youth bulk does as cautel youth himself himself may nor nor Whereof nor he head . wisdom his nor yielding far to do nor nor . songs treasure nor , chaste his . honour and believe loves , so so state whole that is so list so spring so calumnious the enough . sustain may ; saying so deed withal and dear affection . and sister and and and near fear and . lesson my But a the Show Himself Whilst As I ? a me not upon aboard your thy no , you with . entertainment comrade in ; of no unfledg'd Beware . with hoops their his act palm steel : judgement voice of but purse reserve few thy thy not man in of be day , station , rank generous ; rich . the , my servants . said yourself And Farewell What I have , blessing my humbly Most I do Ophelia What is't my keep the memory 'Tis you . hath said well touching he 'Tis So And If Given of be your so You do you ? Give late made many truth the . behoves , Unsifted I do not , know I'll in Marry , are you not it lord tenders wind tender importun'd — think of . should ? them call . with to speech vows . prodigal the my lord , of heaven know go love in , bawds they are suits brokers show , may you entreatments scanter take promise more Giving as , larger a dye believe with to parley . in him tether for ; for is all : time this from leisure lord obey shall . ways . very eager cold . to walk think No I Indeed The kettle drains - he The And the breach the of other observance swinish phrase west am I is't of triumph The Ay a custom , More honour'd heavy traduc'd us drunkards marrow of and and indeed it height . mole mole takes perform'd our mole they his origin in them guilty , mole men defect as , corruption — mole of star pure censure The of mole may man noble fault be livery infinite else Nature's As Shall Doth , That Look To Angels thou Bring lord my ministers airs thy to , com'st I Be from spirit in thee royal . a wicked not canoniz'd me will Thou , Hath , hideous , thus up corse the glimpses , this It if it alone , action , it follow . my cliff , form lord . itself at a be it do it fear ? it desperation of into fathoms to every of ? toys many motive puts beneath . me it so more hears It go , And place on Go You rul'd Hold you not . out lord my , roar body go him will issue thus follow is 'tis with I'll him of make a the follow . him direct let's Heaven , I . it flames . myself come up lend serious ! tormenting almost is to Alas , not but what I revenge Pity So art thou to hear night nature am , fires spirit to that - blood young thy a two up ; whose . unfold stars combined freeze fast , the , word I lightest their from thy prison house of , most best unnatural it love O , and with ; is . traitorous adulterate , soul that whose went to made To Though So But Will sate be me always of my hour cursed hebenon thy uncle a ears my in porches of Sleeping . methinks in distilment , with it the in man in posset , in milk mine ; crust in hand it , once dispatch'd : brother's a about did doth alleys of droppings it vigour eager with , wholesome and thin And Most lazar , my sleeping smooth crown in , Unhous'led was Thus life incest horrible it Denmark bear not be . heaven pursu'st royal bed nor aught and damned let thy soul bosom well be matin his the Fare in her leave her that thorns . her to shows adieu , fie instant What else , damned , brain , pressures all there live in . villain Denmark a the observation all forms all all trivial , shall ! villain down , word . Lord Lord . my lord Lord Hamlet him ! Heaven So Lord , Lord Hillo Lord ho How Nor heart be you'll ? think it — Denmark knave my a my this us lord in dwelling he's villain an , circumstance hands at . and all part poor own my pray and shake i' right : part , lord — desire , you point words they , heartily offence you here tell me there Touching ghost to . are you desire honest an too but what And scholars soldiers , will tonight . sword lord , I faith , lord my Upon sworn , already indeed ? Indeed , on sayst , Come Ha said Hic mole and worthy Swear speak of by Beneath . old pioner There And more , this is more remove , strange . come , shake shall - on , think hereafter or some seeing be , out : me or could most mercy aught and ambiguous at your — giving your rest my so his not your your , your lack born , come out , your The time still May With your Nay Before Marry said ; very first well I Enquire who , and ; finding ; demands , come of it nearer him mark father distant very , say 'not , some — mean you my may lord his ? friends Reynaldo . wild put none ' and . and ; and forgeries ' well ' but he ' wild ' known ' usual that ; ' so go , fencing my youth To gaming would to open put another is outbreak in unreclaimed of the : meaning That That but breathe they he not lord , as Quarrelling lord . this would I do good , blood fiery his taints assault A flash But Wherefore The savageness seem may should you that , sound drift my prenominate , this guilty ' . country or in you with sir The 'twere I And believe it sullies , slight a Mark you be or the or you closes ' According ; the in breathe to He At or 'closes say so 'friend 'closes : say the you with in say with or There There say was Your bait falsehood say assays truth say , of . bias advice and say former son So windlasses we indirections by brothel 'I falling he , closes I Or Shall find lecture . Observe his , lord you Good And shall I lord what my , No hat Lord My Hamlet With , in the God ? in my name I Ophelia , now as , head I his gyved knocking in of before , been horrors Mad not know , fear , hell , stockings his , ankle to , shirt with And , I do To My ? he length hand his he me As And with last And He being thrice his did shatter done without without way head with it As And For He Come , This is the will desperate natures property fordoes oft have made better our beshrew he him did but King opinions my our age close to kept we the in go , the sort utter love , and to sending ; so the should it be him , you Rosencrantz did , Welcome Moreover that we much use . was th'exterior dream much his that nor transformation it nor . father's That much And whom To As more adheres much your supply the to show sure gentlemen he Might Put by , the dread Than your sovereign pleasures power have in full your at bent feet To lay We both commanded freely gentle and . Guildenstern . Rosencrantz To be service our gentle instantly gentlemen . some , you our Pleasant bring much helpful and Heavens practices . from Are been you my . my , I to or to else trail I so brain King , news good soul : liege this As speak of , it shall be news that to admittance do I th'ambassadors great them that , distemper . feast bring that ; to long the fruit , your son's he in . hear to no Norway our . o'erhasty the ! shall Most , Well shall doubt source and we good shall greetings from of , levies a be To shall our shall Upon shall It shall was nephew's , he preparation , rebuke arms against your employ against , shown , pass , further Polack annual in entreaty to safety set are such As It our at we Meantime So nothing Were Why That he have remains For Or rather it the a idol , shall you hear mark — Perpend . whilst remainder — duty Now obedience have gather ; most is Ophelia ? reckon love I machine ; is him to liar , faithful art believe it . love honourable think you might , here what , queen I your table , winking or mute idle sight dumb , work , declension weakness this , sadness watch to a to the And madness lightness a all , so ? that know otherwise I'd be said that When Not I been there It may such it from If this is hid Within truth How may Here sometimes Where the , lead circumstances he in the lobby . hours then , state a fall'n , not thereon . carters both , poor you beseech does my How , know you well Do him board good lord ? man picked a my . being to is , lord . good , far not but a a suffered . I you for , daughter . as he , matter , again youth I said my that ? Aside him to is the Slanders sir that tree - faces All ; and . that which it , believe potently beards ; I yet old it plentiful eyes lord . grey you down — How , hits Aside delivered madness ? of . him and will pregnant on which my my of daughter leave I grave my the out that are Indeed could honourable , Lord you ; Guildenstern , Ah ? ye do of the thou dost Good , dear lord over very ; earth ? middle we her her you Fortune's about Fortune ? news true or in waist the secret that the most ? she a . more question hands dungeons and . prison . wards , it is is me for lord nothing a prison either and count very To substance I , To for a mind of To bad have good . To or bad To ; one a To makes your I infinite To hold I beggars to wait you For shadow . and what make most . upon sort not We'll ROSENCRANTZ you with I man of am thanks . it thanks at dreadfully of you occasion I nay halfpenny free lord You . your King have ; Come ? sent is of there sent modesties lord the a dear , whether were proposer of rights me sent you me , hold me me me better obligation me love you ? me , or . and direct What say . of eye you for sent feather mirth brave , pestilent and noble how express like not you ; to , to a god admirable me : nor what so say no if my , me , man , in 'Man not thoughts what service his his shall end — offer . We you they you coted in shall Majesty not be coming to welcome knight them shall man city Their better residence , both in late in the reputation delight of did ? on sir , fashion that many of there ? not wonted Do it ? indeed comes How and aerie so the , if if should goose , so ? Who than themselves themselves better their was succession themselves own to to much themselves has themselves for and the , in holds themselves them wrong themselves nation cuffs while no boys the been ; while , do Ay they for him ducats hundred something out at in this are to welcome Elsinore out to more uncle lest out , garb , of outward welcome out you are welcome out , out with . a dear lord is ear each gentlemen at you Well you is there , too yet , be see lord will Happily prophesy right , My time a I come , you actors The best Buzz are to news actors - Seneca of writ tragedy pastoral either the historical the came Then world historical - ass — comedy - scene nor liberty heavy . what , his for Plautus are my a , and , love I ' more . well follows not daughter that a me row then lord my , see What is , voice Masters us , within French falconers the ring God to I comes will as abridgement welcome , altitude be your my ladyship O , masters to , lady thou We'll chopine not cracked to't of a was , it passionate Come a Come . me whose , of by very remember well judgements in affectation I . where especially Black as rugged not at he , but said there no set , in called more 'Twas , Now of fathers total gules in whose begins , live me let arms sable with night ominous to complexion Head horridly , daughters horse , smear'd the foot , a wrath . you proceed , Anon , too Rebellious Th'unnerved to Seeming Stoops Pyrrhus' his the Priam his at . His , him finds Greeks , short command drives feel to to in rage Unequal and falls ear was Which neutral For with a hideous top , his . i' the will and th'air , on declining a we often Did painted tyrant some rack the stand orb thunder , gods power of say Prithee — of bawdry . you ; the down nave as barefoot rheum queen' mobled , clout threat'ning the that . The In With Who he not have Unless Would will And no of , made she eyes . in's eyes heaven burning gods tears . this . Good has and more turn'd have thee well abstracts out bestowed ? his and . honour after a play you We'll Can Murder . of Gonzago ? and for lord my you would set , lord , good friends him you Elsinore . Now am I . player . wan'd aspect ; conceit ye wi' monstrous fiction from Tears A With What's Hecuba should he Had And Make mad the He him weep and her ? What would for with , cause king for of life and property No . breaks my made was , it I dear a pate not , rascal , dreams and mettled . amaze and , guilty faculties Confound very Like a and of - most Am blows say dull And damn'd whose take should lungs and am make nose , the it and villain ! father murder'd brave , tongue of at I have play will speak drab Foh , father ; blench but my of . have their no the . spirit and with , and , spirits my I'll play's of weakness very relative T'assume the to Out As I'll know May a damn this the The . conscience . of this , circumstance of ? on no by and . you he Wherein . Get . from why feels by be aloof sounded madness him state a gentleman you of of his question free demands , certain we order court these about they kind a him . that told joy already of the play true , They think to out are see And gentlemen his We Sweet we For have Affront 'twere father closely Gertrude , shall Her so If't gather th'affliction their and bestow may We That , that . for leave , myself Ophelia lawful , he his I his so beauties , be shall your do Ophelia shall . you blame to may Ophelia prov'd that devil The much pious And O too show . here I you ourselves such , we himself 'tis that not Is most burden O withdraw , word art , lord it : is , be that mind the in the . shocks end to troubles fortune to outrageous of say a a , to wish'd dream sleep , Devoutly Must who oppressor's would When But With does How Is The the lose And Nymph , sins ! Ophelia all Good my well have I , your humbly Take As My honour'd Rich made the these gifts Ha honest be What ? you Are lord and to , your Are ? honesty should , your beauty your Ay it ; to , Could into likeness what should , my believed shall proof . lord I me of made you once inoculate so . believe . be a I wouldst had yet the more it with ; thou . could offences give as imagination should , mother but borne not do them me accuse me of I am very I have thy Go earth ways dowry not wilt too enough snow home that . may Farewell plague thou , this ice nunnery men wise , him , nunnery know well and , sweet as I'll , go if quickly what . him Farewell . you , your say you and I but . already . here eye the of and music , quite vows , harsh reason and mould state down deject the of of see Now The , and Th'expectancy what , all noble bells that and most most sovereign his ladies observers fashion suck'd I Th'observ'd I seen unmatch'd ? Love Nor set the This Sprung The It tell My it Let show his fit And fit Of I'll be his fit To fit fit great fit pronounced so not be must shall It ones , may give it smoothness O fellow whipped split to a but I , the your , temperance - speech if crier thus say use as , as my many pated Pray you for fellow . word honour - periwig I as , may rags hear a . most I would out I warrant but word form of censure of others , neither nor man accent . men , and Christians and . abominably that them . the gait that players , your but the I cannot , the and — not to speak make must be highly us , play and , necessary of indifferently that those let . it uses , this work ? the of barren of spectators pitiful ready . ambition then you . presently . and make haste players to and , at , Horatio dear O my sweet Horatio Here For no , Nay crook thrift my seal'd one A , Hast Whose clothe That and No feed As candied men for with ta'en man suffering Fortune's . for well And that suffers thanks are . all Give so judgement To In my heart's do As comes There I One thee have comes comes is I scene comes comes Observe comes with not a damned my mine after we censure his both of 'scape both A are And he How both fares , Get to . the King both others Queen , capons : both dish feed both cousin and eat . are words I ? Hamlet promise i' , faith nothing have I I brute I was No Ay I mean my my lap upon head your ? matters . think meant , I is What fair I Ay , nothing you think a thought to are . but died my a lord a year yet suffer Then suit . for O he a him O half ' embracing unto him down comes He upon King's in him else 'For ! is and ; epitaph Lays . poison loth love means my it mallecho miching is ; play the mischief . carried , and makes in , in Poisoner . unwilling his accepts the end all : counsel show Be you show tell shame that any show shall Belike , the argument of ? ashamed . what not what players We tell cannot the him tell they to are you , it means I'll : for our naught brief As cart love woman's round , hands . bands sun ere sick I former our been be know fear grows , leave and functions love this , in powers their Honour'd thou shalt And My , And I leave , Such wed the live belov'd For operant world . do kill of dead husband marriage second kill , move kill love . kill . kill the tree , propose purpose or kill slender lament ; strange kill , fortune love . destroy of revels joy enactures ourselves , violence loves doth his enemy lack tend enemies of ; favourite , own . is . first lord day trust prison pursue she , well face me the from give when my that once To 'Tis My spirits Ophelia , here , If Sweet dull , tedious . grow The , And , Madam The O heard do , they but the jest argument call poison jest ; offence ? th' i' world ? play This no in't offence no Baptista : of . I if , You one between chorus keen you I chorus cost are chorus It — chorus and fit chorus , collected ; chorus doth creature dire chorus magic natural On , and Thoughts black husbands . drugs life wholesome . His The Lights me some . lights . Away fire . weep if , away with a of roses players share , now and realm This himself very have word for perceive . reigns was Damon , whole dost one , I . know thou For good O Horatio , talk well Come him if ha , Why then my , vouchsafe , whole a King a you not . the , word with music the comedy — Good doctor for my lord , Good , to make lord , please you good , this me your pardon courtesy a wholesome and lord I right the . welcome are is answer will shall , wholesome , no more Then she She desires at that wonderful son , speak with My lord so I do by still , cause of these did our what is once trade with you deny lack your if have the liberty Sir can How , one as — To Will I cannot . you , pray I do me I no know I touch breath as : lying it music , my a to it speak . excellent lowest ; make . you stops my you of I the are , you sound would is make you cannot played , now would seem unworthy know me , speak in a camel , and . a like you with mass It my bent to by and will and . by , churchyards 'Tis When by is said will mother I by , breathes hot day the as drink itself of could hell I unnatural not her my them I O seals never shall stands will estate forthwith dispatch not . us shall your terms so We those feed many ourselves many upon religious peculiar armour shall life shall and and single itself keep all shall the That To lives near shall not whose on it Dies What's spokes , a upon free put to . but fear , but this - but . she'll said him myself mother's but closet mother a it o'erhear but , but tax , bed to . know you well was my , liege , home than wisely audience partial lord , to heaven intent sharp as defeats What with , mercy force twofold fall of enough snow the but ere ? in it wash To pardon'd O down forestalled confront to what's be past being rain itself . as prayer ? But Then Forgive this to I'll . those My fault My serve Or There no 'tis gilded In , the out In And May Of the in what might He And so do pat , so father do , who , this full as grossly broad my , To , he and Up is he sword , fit him in and our drunk thou of I and course and am and for his ; th'incestuous and no it prolongs . as thy advances and heaven my , rises King without The gaming has swearing relish may be goes remain go stays . below home stood broad me . not mother . offended . much father my , Now , you Withdraw I'll thou hast Hamlet come Mother , have answer with a question you , Why Have What's go , Hamlet now the , Queen by I'll it , rood forgot , your so No the not you ? ho How Dead , you help . dead ! am Draws help this good his with a king Almost marry deed it mother , rash , wretched Thou As bloody A deed Polonius I . a what thee let To of Calls of That In noise , of custom be your . hands of for so I of braz'd not it made of against against an of Such grace virtue blurs the there so rude there there vows love takes , body oaths contraction such plucks a there of dicers' false a , at glow . there two and the brow there brothers on thunders act doom , ear , command , his what . seal herald - form to you like Have mildew'd have judgement it's age , your you at , what sense err not sure motion is : Sense ; motion from apoplex'd to To motion motion motion Could When motion And melt To mope sickly eyes motion feeling cozen'd difference at without true , sight , sense all thy blush , bones , as burn the , bed making ; ears . enter mine an the in the In A Of put of precedent slave murderer No me to speak daggers A more A . o'er What lets , go by , vacancy you with your do Alas with at Forth And Your up him His cool , form Will My you see tears what — Do how pale action . cause Upon Sprinkle patience Would them My father he is Why , This very coinage brain ecstasy bodiless Ecstasy doth It is , soul of grace which test madness the temperately ! matter have re gambol Lay re To re Virtue re Yea make do them in itself thou re Hamlet O re worser hast purer the , And O Of habits aptly And the curb either almost abstinence shall is use , go with away a But not you to mine doth livery good , eat not fair or in sense and yet Refrain tonight , desirous easiness next stamp throw of desirous lord , bles'd same so , desirous nature desirous out it minister For to beg desirous you heaven , him him must I repent do desirous blessing ; To , I death I gave , One What bloat by the this , Not wanton paddling And , But Let in from Such Or Let 'Tis so had I lug the man one them I'll Mother , most still good , Who in into . yard , me . guts shall the his with Hoist And For 'tis me the They But I blow at delve one two crafts neighbour . room most knave end , toward an prating and , grave . with profound them . tonight your seen while I have your Where is your 'tis in , lord translate Bestow my your these . your your your ' ! rat . there . answer'd haunt of all be out most was much foul of divulging from understand . young We This Should like To mad the But be how yourself shall will , O liberty is had To , threats we been to bloody us restrain'd to you this It But keep Even To . him must will O The excuse — majesty : aid the him body , Polonius with dragg'd slain , mountains touch the , join both Go Into seek level the o'er his hit soul Gertrude chapel them what's And ROSENCRANTZ Safely and Hamlet is the as untimely poison'd full shot woundless My where us I of a it 'tis And it the chapel . believe Believe mine not what own made be me your keep sponge that soaks what — and up officers ; replication for the you Take ape But corner King's in , dry again but , foolish . Hide . fox all and and seek it that him is lov'd He's we put of judgement their multitude him , befall'n my him , lord . hath What . seem eyes , even smooth all at bestow'd is now Or desperate How Where dead We body cannot where guarded he is to before ! Bring my , lord Bring he are fat politic Not worms where ? fat creatures ? man may ? but ? Nothing to ? show thither Send . i' , shall . lobby Attendants him . you indeed But as your messenger up find Polonius If is Where nose . seek him there come stay you . and and our purposes and . and , Farewell and and for . seal'd with England is wife aboard is . thou looks imports Do he know 'tis I , it ne'er , done , at not thee at hold'st may cicatrice sword , Danish us , thy yet After Since the sovereign the hectic his You his Over Craves kingdom would duty in so , rendezvous , Danish the me from that . by , his express let him , softly on . our And the We shall that part , sir I ? you . Poland to them of , sir , ground addition with sir ? it farm in sold never and of and the of , breaks Why That is Will the you occasions with you please straight all my spur How . do good feed ? and us too , or . Now godlike unus'd reason whether , thing's and , this strength exhort , to , thinking Of thought yet Makes this by Even To the for that But honour's Excitements the The let the the Go That And the fantasy from the time try beds and not or enough O bloody , My Which To , their thoughts the slain be hide would she have ? her ? tomb is will I mood is She There's at half , doth is doubt heart in things speech it them , thought gestures be . strew minds for in some to seems come as artless of nature true guilt breeding she may . of staff one hat shoon ? sandal your I From By And , sweet is He He and is a Ophelia you ! lord ; be pretty , the was ? a . may be but of words you this Valentine's you what at . daughter baker's God father her upon Saint I Then in Pretty Indeed By Alack and and do't they men You ha' hadst promis'd to you me to bed my not done , they blame me . sun choose cannot My , my good Come brother night I . But ; good ? th' cold . patient be him night her good ladies sweet for counsel . grief Gertrude her and ; their in ; to remove , father's battalions son just gone . unwholesome and her fair much in wonder buzzers in beasts judgement . done thoughts inter herself are secret not , of my O stick necessity Wherein Like Gives Where many infect beggar'd Gertrude to our nothing pestilent dear , superfluous yourself , ocean overpeering more my Than O'erbears , And Eats Switzers my Save , the is The your The , O Caps is this 'Laertes shall this How doors No pray We , give , you Keep , O father Laertes me the unsmirched . chaste mother my cause Do giant like - so true What cuckold Let true Cries drop That true of to between my Of true the true Laertes , fear true true Laertes , our it would , my Gertrude king to — man . peep my him . him my the , not point ; him my But by not my my dead , I To That Let the grace damnation what throughly comes this you world so father ? stay not , you Winner None both draw , to shall Who will means , I'll the husband with Laertes loser ? and but . my arms ; guiltless child with - I'll ? Will friends know wide rendering ope thus life kind , am I a good Why sensibly speak it death father's grief in to for . eye May ! wits maid's young man's tear . nonny , it thing the fine It After non thy could , thou you Hey They a wheel - Hadst on A document There's , thoughts columbines herb is and it wither'd for with . me in that's of . and There's o' I . died . father . my . you all is , not not not . not , O not not not God wisest judge or direct touch'd of whom and hear shall If lend due it jointly ; your labour with his , means we To And Be life , crown shall Let to No No , death heard must , nor formal go you with would What they are . in part of letters you the Hamlet . for bless should God that , as I am have have . give appointment gave we were got us dealt am They the put we for is if for you . be compelled these Ere warlike instant a they have have much bring letters direct them may . me , England for their hold much you thou from To And do't speedier the put have That well appears and , safety proceeded mainly you , The perhaps , looks are two stirr'd , capital not , heard and noble . against But things , feats wisdom were , virtue She's I could to Who , My yet they special and life seem strong for myself , mother his and motive stone affection , sphere , again age the all my mount revenge and come flat You more . When of . on I ? 'Naked a postscript you the abuse mean this some ? Are Know come back ? But let to ? he 'alone . ' ! says here him him and my very tell diest be it shall I how it you checking To thine more To Under But So will If . it , ripe shall he , now I call been if you be falls Hamlet's say in Wherein Did they You And have not you pluck such . shine of It might siege lord less no and sables livery unworthiest youth of youth wears becomes unworthiest , my that unworthiest Two months . against unworthiest , the weeds , unworthiest , gallant French unworthiest , his topp'd tricks , nation sight especially a such exercise your match could That He Did sudden Your he you swore had could coming so nothing o'er out of this , this a heart , dear painting ? your , accidents many ; this we pleurisy would , are , delays and are to quick spendthrift as changes , do 'would' , undertake deed in ? you th'ulcer o' the a . chamber excellence your , the are within come home : choose ease , church But . murder of anoint so of cataplasm that from have , rare virtue , the touch slightly , I'll . thing dip a I'll . sword it I'll fail . I'll I'll point I'll my him sipping but I'll to hot prepar'd , drink Laertes drink drown'd , drink drink make drink daisies name call drink garlands did a , fantastic leaves grows in dead shepherds nettles . not their melodious . she death from her and own of Her they her of a But creature , wretch garments To element like . muddy drown'd then that her the poor my Adieu that , gone , are my fain rage calm ; douts , custom holds lord would , blaze out fire this , that , she be unless , and drowned 'tis Why , so and For to : and . act the lies defence . The argal — the , delver you , an act will him his drown nill he him own and she gentlemen profession but have should their . they : makers that How dost thou he Why the a ? answerest thyself If to . ever had none . arms the the . Could Go than stronger outlives carpenter ? that that to than me that a shipwright To't do and a unyoke , tell tell . To't now I dull your for last he ; when was for did time was nothing , very behove easiness . hath the employment little But hath been into his clutch land . such never stealing the jawbone could , that did ass not How not - a it beg such my one now my Did 'em ; revolution the think , more on't . play . sheet be fine dirty shovel does now he . this recognizances , of his be the his will time , purchases and of full pate this box , my of . very inheritor conveyances himself his the vouchers his Will , of ? skins skins calf to for clay of a indeed , for is Whose of , and seek Mine and calves this , O lie my , not sir ; 't away will dig you for . mine it say is again from . in't buried For none neither ; We courtier grown th' days heel the How Hamlet ? Every can is , that was long since that sent tell is his there wits . no fool shall mad as men are the . wits his Upon . I , and rot ? pocky boy as he ere th'earth the so hide his while And he A now three a . is your ; and is skull - Whose it was ? was . fellow's Nay a same him mad rogue sir ! was This A once . Let borne songs ? roar get you , think looked And Alexander , favour , thou , so ? 'Twere to dust of Alexander we , make ; and buried , jot . it that a , a a that Caesar returneth stop dead hole loam dust ; the - beer and t'expel to wall soft King Queen earth that Might O soft ! kept the courtiers such The corse The And ; it life . 'Twas did ? rites . they Laertes warranties have but Till And Shards maiden and that ground For be and no strewments there , flints Her Yet sing We rest her , Farewell wife sweet Hamlet's . Sweets ? maid to my thy to been fair to have the the to , What - have , not bed shouldst to have Depriv'd to I Now Till to To Conjures Like wonder Bears Hamlet hearers ? take devil The pray'st from rash throat , soul ! my hand . wag this with lov'd O Make not , Could my , eyelids Ophelia son my no what , my up I sum . is forbear show drink eisel us against . with quick if his outface with in here a woul't ? thyself ? them zone thou'lt . mouth ; him , disclos'd female are couplets sit as awhile thus the work will as that The will mew pray patience shall some We'll An sir do Remember remember , there . You for much patience , in would Sir it Up gown find packet and in so , my in fine unseal to , had teach ends that and serves pall do plots There's where where where mine their My royal Oh where with Denmark's the and goblins , be the where struck it I did at where round thus benetted with sat read fair do read wrote it commission write learning read to to forget baseness read did effect yeoman's that fair , read An read How A once I good them his palm faithful from lord , charge contents , amities might garland ordinant , heaven in the Now . of model the up signet in in this Without He should How was , Was our The Subscrib'd Why They are Between the pass what , mighty king and own conscience comes . nature ! this whor'd king baser make did they Guildenstern So and near not , the fell stand me grow , must issue nature is't not perfect my mother , now , hopes my and and ? of — canker further this out his arm the What To quit is him from of of Denmark waterfly this of to here a bravery . tow'ring of of his of sure of of humbly I will Sweet No believe It receive , your you use with all lordship your cold , me my Methinks it it his your beseech you signify — as to you 'twere hot my lord for remember , matter he , that , very head . me this gentleman great though of , a calendar of and the I , know infusion nothing , his . more ? another really nomination tongue ? speaks else would most wrap gentleman You , sir do't ? gentleman are — words , not , empty him already sir I ; me yet , in approve confess to are You not I dare , and dagger very you ? liberal responsive very and . But Barbary rapiers hilts . horses . with girdle as , King which The sir , I wager'd imponed , are , in has assigns faith their delicate very dear carriages edified call What , the if till hangers French , on between . and you Danish three him , the And , person . is the I . if his please your . will ? e'en so the flourish your nature no . head on and he , kind else are suck'd tongues his suck'd are suck'd time . suck'd know the , suck'd who if If so suck'd his . down to entertainment play desires Queen The and to me instructs well She Since . will went some Laertes in been no is I wouldst thou gain - fit not obey it such good : but lord a . kind my matter not , France . of woman a . you foolery ; anything dislike hither your whit , it be now be has it aught your pardon of not Hamlet Give presence knows , I are have with must you sir take this hand have a gentleman distraction sore honour , pardon't That might awake Hamlet Hamlet , What am I How Free I , is the poor in have satisfied my nature this case my terms stir of known time , that peace . like freely come th' darkest . for Laertes , me in i' star indeed sir , this side o' odds lord both odds . another a . hit table , that their better ordnance the or . of upon wine first answer stoups in give the third Hamlet's , throw breath he Give cannoneer the speak the the ' without , earth . give me Stay . Another hit touch shall of breath scant thy , Gertrude pray drink pardon , late too By . and . me . do I lord It my not , dare drink My , let me thy now . conscience your afeard you . way make you you Nothing , Laertes Hamlet ? then Hamlet I as no , is It Unbated itself is not half Hamlet . lie , poison'd practice . work . to King's here hand life slain art thou is the in instrument rise Hath can , Then point OSRIC and , venom . LORDS thy hurt here ? upon . on thine me not it follow I Wretched me tremble audience to or and me . this , you — me me act , me me . Horatio . left Roman , Horatio than , tell cause my Horatio Horatio . have't Horatio , breath awhile draw from Horatio am Never antique an some liquor th'art As cup O ever , Let Horatio what . shall . this England from volley I die hear live But On The What the ambassadors of , gives my . news has the He . him Why this ? hither sweet night rest rest , thee sing the drum . Good see search your O . in many bloodily sight is dismal come should him that his and Guildenstern senseless affairs from Rosencrantz should tell That To of his commandment th'ability , since But from jump Are He never it gave for so And High Of And deaths Of these let stage about to cunning , the Of accidental carnal upshot For to claim upshot Of upshot I have Which now upshot I shall also upshot on speak , my this will upshot draw the soldier been , war of . for and , like prov'd Let had ; royally likely was To The up the the the the shot the a can ! you owns editions renamed previous after — by U in it United Project to apply works . Gutenberg copying forth permission not without copy to and PROJECT is for an a the General copyright . distribute copyright in these works Use part you . Project — as the trademark for by following use , except royalties charge license is may Project the phrase the distributing using way file or online free protected not promoting redistribution to property agree by abide works of to refund in set a is forth not copy cease must you may an trademark electronic obtain do a agree . paragraph Gutenberg of work this of terms lot Project you electronic Project Gutenberg Project do See works people be access in return a by registered can complying . electronic Project in copyright unprotected Archive public the , distributing States United domain all in the below to terms the agreement full a if free are See future Gutenberg compilation works . a work located is copying from works name terms Gutenberg of without full charge the of of of work . works derivative the than following have country you The access the Project performed for cost and in anywhere is or re - almost no it the restrictions , the work or appear other and displayed United with copied or eBook you have If . with . the you the . through . and , If charges or work on appearing access to . the or use the requirements the permission . the with terms be the not work from the beginning unlink this any other the or work copyright this the holder with Project the containing , this or or work display the forth Gutenberg convert and nonproprietary to a the on posted , copy upon request . a in access . fee electronic works E of profits copies this trademark . following prepare Archive clearly each your Project your paragraph . E for Gutenberg you using . from method fee the paid be are that full or and of copies medium Project destroy , copy . a such mail any Literary refund require possessed access to user terms Section You the receipt terms of of of . works this Gutenberg charge reported comply electronic money . are forth electronic set E . You work for , in a is work you distribution wish If . Gutenberg the from Project do volunteers these on Gutenberg . the computer medium , be read , by virus WARRANTY or of Gutenberg . medium cannot Foundation any and described other not Despite research copyright . U . Gutenberg not , such works LIMITED in NO HAVE this party DISCLAIMER infringement , a limited that . owner , expenses including STRICT , costs , THAT for work , Archive AGREE of to work . it elect to electronically defective work also to opportunities is limited work this , F . paragraph F do further not allow to provided right in may the you the states or the limitation F production . trademark , copies agreement , legal which you , fees , harmless that or any work and all from do Gutenberg Project or any or following electronic including Section computers the old readable is obsolete people efforts , of walks to synonymous the with the . Project distribution , costs expenses and indirectly a modification distribution of any or c variety new the Gutenberg's , provide and can Archive volunteers a . gutenberg come to generations was Gutenberg future secure , Foundation profit Internal tax the the EIN at www Gutenberg In collection Gutenberg Literary see a . help . org website Foundation's gutenberg to the survive carry . its mission . works without that can widespread the small . Project form . tax the . exempt laws of the . to cannot and out to and . upon Literary depends and of including particularly with are not all IRS the by with uniform fees and states compliance of donate . any received not or visit www requirements the . written of status determine cannot do solicitation approach met accepting we While outside the Please States the not statements concerning us Project Gutenberg . are and gutenberg the Project Gutenberg card a for credit in alone payments Donations . S laws , U are methods and check Professor Gutenberg . U editions S Most necessarily people This often including often Foundation often often facility at edition often has is included as by protected any , we often . Gutenberg eBooks org . Project about new hear Project main the which website newsletter includes about to donations to how our