? Stand . most Barnardo live . Francisco , guard mouse you I twelve now relief And sick am a Not you good is ? there Horatio ? soldier , is Welcome . belief take entreated of night speak it . to appear , your . nights our ears , story of once down assail , the part from heaven of myself again King Look that's it and — Horatio form to . I charge Denmark speak thee and of offended heaven By ? the It Did What which Together In thou that usurp'st ! You will 'Tis ! my it thou ! How , gone Is God Horatio ! might own the th'ambitious when an combated he : parle . Polacks armour thyself angry ; art mine ? in Norway to he once sledded , very Thus what in down nightly now bodes , But the some This this Why same why So toils And Why Does What Doth make the be joint That whisper night that the Who but can . I appear'd Fortinbras a goes by so in which now known our ; of most our world by ; law heraldry life who , a the those to lands , of emulate and , moiety seal'd all conqueror ; had cov'nant same competent Fortinbras , return'd hot here , young full , the Fortinbras which design'd and there and , of which our of well appear to terms lost . us ; diet stomach his And Of post of father But For As The That hath Is source Well think this That may I A was In A the mote The Upon Was Did And stars As And Have earth But , soft I'll cross earth If it earth thou earth That If may earth there earth If earth Which which Or Extorted Speak , at Stop , in womb oft stand with spirits partisan and speak here Do Shall I strike We it the , morn the have heard warning thing , throat sounding - his , herein , air or earth spirit probation of the , cock season , is power time it , stir planets the dare hath part mantle hill . strike comes birth ever that they our Wherein The have look we Unto o'er So heard , and , no say nights fairy hallow'd dew morn in to charm advice tonight it with will , what clad . duty know conveniently our I loves we to us most I find shall Voltemand , fitting . that whole hearts To Though The bear Yet That our , auspicious funeral wife in ; along weak a thinking Holding follows affair to Taken Your With this , by be disjoint late dear our and fail'd the , surrender to with to further The His , of his Cornelius of bearers Giving to good gait Of this , his herein : and in purpose that , proportions the to , rid are here all levies , we Voltemand , power the . will commend your . duty . you news heartily : instrumental is head shall cannot us your That hand The Than not voice speak . more , mouth thy not to of more leave What Your whence show and must I though and wishes my to them favour duty From My bow father's my your do you ? my says What pardon . my seal'd leave again And And thy beseech will , his hour now thy lord me at I laboursome Upon Aside so am hang than son will go . to be thine — too clouds still I thy nighted much , look for eye for Passing common , Do Ay , through Why Seems seems ! suspiration inky it alone windy , Nor with me dejected all customary my the forms actions denote the No they For in But but in in in As An in any know simple , is 'Tis incorrect in mind and a in unmanly persevere term heaven sense common ; is opposition , unschool'd condolement shows Of impious It Why should the what , This , that And are a unprevailing ; woe corse , pray , today throw died that , Than going is in not thee , you , son . note throne , nobility father . desire remain and fair our to For bears your our Hamlet Madam and Denmark unforc'd a loving . Denmark ; all 'tis as No jocund But the the in comfort not go prayers her to , obey in I Be This gentle great the had , unweeded world unprofitable God ! flesh shall clouds the two So a nay ; things rank uses should loving excellent a king she so ? roughly too of , not remember Heaven winds to was that — satyr might he to what think me By A not little she on't on ; or , month fed face That Why it As which With if all , Would My tears that — salt the I mourn'd Than left married Had . it not flushing most to , my is break She Ere O , nor dexterity to Hail heart for am to or I The Horatio I , poor Sir , And I'll what And you that you forget . sir — report , truant you no own say truster ere my your that you affair drink me to not I came see hard meats tables my deep to it , I My forth that , eye ? see — Where , ever my lord furnish met seen dearest Or Would Did father He I a him not once I shall man My lord saw was My ? King your my King I your I for of these I a him for I I , Saw , Who father I admiration The lord the think I I , attent witness the I to marvel till This you love me let . hear these together Barnardo , middle and on figure A of your pie thrice father , walk'd eyes surprised , they solemn distill'd march fear , of This - with word Where I with as The they deliver'd I comes , had not are apparition knew more your made to not secrecy dreadful In , and third speak stately length ; Within And of the thing Form lord Did answer lifted , none to it speak would it as morning like the sound And then 'Tis , from shrunk cock crew loud , troubles ? toe foot head to top , Both Arm'd From , he in red look'd , not up than to . from saw my Then countenance Nay , you constantly I It fix'd his you long hundred Stay'd like . been much very , MARCELLUS haste BARNARDO ? like Most one While longer his ? no was , sable again ; 'twill I as seen silver'd watch Perchance my you me bid If speak to , conceal'd in though it hold peace . I tonight still person pray sight all , no fare . twelve but your hell itself hap , an And understanding duty your platform I'll Our My Let it else tenable be I doubt Till then some foul Your sit play , all still , as earth my spirit would ! foul . well will deeds . eyes were come men's give not , benefit rise Farewell And not , violet a A in , The youth and fashion so No but . Hold For it Forward thews no nature but is , no , now waxes soul and no this as he cautel subject to own fear besmirch , you loves nor ; on no persons his no not no : choice body it , further , sustain songs loves you no place ; affection my importunity your of loss ear his may is honour you your and withal treasure . sister open . the of youth fear lesson in . spring be the infants liquid most imminent near . my leave aboard blessing here And are sits for Laertes wind few character , Nor stay'd The in you any but soul and by thought thou thy Give these thou friends them dull And Look familiar . Be hast unproportion'd thou Grapple do not , But new Those each - entrance to hatch'd thy Of Of Bear't that a every man's thine th'opposed ear each thy man express'd in , the as not For apparel of : all must then to loses a Neither And Are This canst borrowing loan Farewell For do my not it Thou Most humbly above The invites I : time you What And Farewell 'Tis yourself , is't Ophelia What of Given If it hath , hath ; and you to the late hath — me you to — caution so on and the hath of to . girl like . hath . honour hath , tenders ? in hath , must put 'tis not me dearly ; to tender fashion me — you , That Marry do not know , my of hath In to the given you'll lord not true honourable you'll Tender think you'll tenders these fool love you'll a heaven . lord . you'll importun'd call with . you'll it holy you'll . of speech you Even must for these how , his may And When the tongue something your command Believe You so , promise vows : to countenance , Ay , more , As . I to't . It , think , a shrewdly it ; and hour it is struck to near . upspring of bray out down ; the it , it And my to kettle he wake triumph a marry revel east and is west custom a native ? though , and tax'd mind And the The That for As Oft their the pales and forts too — of that stamp — reason , defect grace , men o'erleavens these star one they cannot some of , corruption pure , as as particular all Doth From Shall that infinite the take substance . own noble the Look , spirit thee Be Bring Angels and from wicked heaven health Dane why , cerements saw his dead up ponderous we thee thoughts Making So is , horridly why To beckons do Look go beyond our shake to this , the Wherefore it It As alone go with you . away with ground . it fear follow the I ? my should it at immortal as fee a pin's follow ? to of lord . do the sea reason , horrible it . the of cliff , form , my Think desperation brain sea every the , thee beneath waves go lord roar . It it fathoms into to of follow you cries artery lion's nerve . body this your ; each as call'd a . shall Nemean the me ghost on Go him Unhand say I'll , am Still away I I make ! hardy makes My fate And By heaven with what rotten . To 'tis Let's follow is Have Nay , follow direct this state of the will let's sulph'rous is myself and My hour When Pity me To not So certain thy am day foul for thou to art What ? of days the , night fires nature in my to walk term a And Till and could up and particular quills But flesh of foul O God ! List thy dear and didst and Like If not , sleeping Now Lethe Hamlet wharf Denmark , fat than ; revenge apt thee thou the of my father's . thou process crown ease , ease wears know sting ease orchard , hear weed ease ease ease beast ! wit incestuous Now did ! wit to O With witchcraft , a Upon made That it went off was be and virtuous - a hand virtue , natural falling , with , and of So wicked The So the To those of leperous swift with And my an as quicksilver blood , in of But of Brief let custom secure the afternoon of , vial pour it ; body of crust mine ; of ; once brother's and bark'd did it of , a vile the through smooth sudden and alleys body blossoms my . most unanel'd loathsome , smooth , dispatch'd sin . like All , lazar smooth thin and wholesome , I And - instant most was Thus Of smooth Most , queen smooth by of smooth at bear of , aught sting 'gins And But thou reckoning in Let nature O imperfections hast horrible ! thee damned this thy heaven . incest , it not ; else Hold grow But me sinews , not fie Remember Ay And all O you , of my poor away the , ghost O O heaven , his , uneffectual me ? Remember ? old heart thee ? past , all , fond ; villain set alone shall my damned heaven ! down villain . a and be word ; ' . smile it sure you are , may , It Within it ! in Now remember . So Within Within be secure . Heaven him . lord lord bird ! Come noble my tell ! wonderful lord , my by O news Nor Not I , secret man ? think once , Ay be But heaven you'll lord I , of my you'll you HORATIO But he's To , business hath my , you poor part my lord , grave . the ; part point and I'll you , heartily heartily , vision tell us you and wild but are I'm sorry offence no Patrick you O'ermaster't What is't one friends may to honest are you Never , desire your make known me my lord scholars now let Touching , too ? request what that Saint much is It As what Nay , my lord , in . my Upon my lord faith I swear't MARCELLUS We have not , faith . sword , have , Ha , on Cries boy ha sayst Consent to under , sword the thou to of . our ? ubique speak Swear by . shift my gentlemen upon you ground again sword . so , is . sword heard . strange fast myself bear , Horatio you meet . But or Or 'If As you Or are as strange or , in your I soe'er , hereafter put To That Or list we , That 'Well we With what shall The rest , May , And need gentlemen ; do your out joint lips us as commend So me , right together this God so poor a Hamlet is , together . Let O . let's , born to set it cursed go . inquiry lord good . lord well him Give money marvellous , very at first ; behaviour did well , me Marry , Enquire , And to what , By That As how and company do 'I mark knowledge touch you question . encompassment son means said I . sir finding you and What Take they Than And , in part him , he so companions you but well you , he's put on wild , 'not ; that slips none him noted and heed marry , youth are , dishonour such Ay , As , Faith no , as , drabbing that season another to incontinency his open in Of general savageness A good , here's I you I laying a thing these it You Ay , Marry 'twere converse in seen Mark a sir a fetch on , th' son warrant , of drift in or According , closes phrase the to with ' The Having or Of man and 'friend the . good my he does about to I leave ? say something . ' , was What sir was to about then He I At does 'closes consequence' , tennis' so this carp reach , bias out advice have you ? now you of lecture and of wisdom former directions with find wi' inclination in you . lord my ply , Ophelia , have what's the matter ? Farewell in I with head - knees piteous so gyved to doublet , loosed knocking his sewing , been lord , my the his if he had To for Mad not What , shirt and I do of out comes know do lord , took My I Then goes me He And with He falls other the the . me his face , profound of held his my so , mine shaking waving . thus brow , he . arm of , his way shoulder lets go . undertakings itself of their me . natures That , our him Come have , I did repel His his to mad me hath that fear'd he better him letters words made ; desperate under sorry , good you any will trifle jealousy our proper But I . but lord sorry quoted to not am meant had As it is ourselves . did judgement but our beshrew age . utter Come . grief to lack it thee go being than cast seems It common known beyond for hate Guildenstern you provoke heard so nor hasty need that Our Of Resembles it was . that , hath thus from cannot More than I , So so that of father's much since his of dream That And Hamlet's neighbour'd rest to aught , Whether gentlemen he lies us from as our talk'd men hath unknown may and you within occasion occasion pleasures , to occasion much little to here your occasion so , him open'd , I he show to Your fits occasion occasion the Put dread occasion entreaty more into you power occasion As To and king's your so expend supply visitation a adheres . gentry and it us the your king's such with by your Both of profit shall king's pleasures remembrance of king's have command . obey to ourselves service commanded king's both freely Go . you and Guildenstern , changed Rosencrantz king's full bent and , and and , and of you is some instantly and our Th'ambassadors and father news good of liege , practices and helpful to . return'd my King : have , found Hamlet's gracious this so long do that of to fruit news speak that to do them first do to do shall My Thyself tells He The head grace do me , of , your all do that source sweet no and o'erhasty but the main do hath and queen ; that the do other , him . marriage we friends found them . in . distemper , our , sift shall ! my Well hand in uncle never griev'd Polack greetings of return our It give overcome out appear'd truly whereat sends brief , he to to which 'gainst first look'd levies Highness age found arrests ; fee joy fine , your , in with against ; and obeys in employ against further the Polack , crowns to thousand his him three And So That it such might your On It our at we to Meantime What Mad call be tediousness , nothing Therefore day Were but I to . it but But let to define son outward noble nothing for is will since the ; Your to mad , him the out , the defective the and — whilst have and Now surmise , beautified hear phrase vile shall from Hamlet awhile sun the truth that Doubt dear Ophelia am , I Doubt But I more in And by above All given to hath my , mine . it , believe to , love honourable ? think , dumb - table idle , sight to work : bespeak I thy I I star . her , I I , I weakness I thence then into into short herself then of precepts his did I thus , from gave , tokens my of a a and wail this , raves declension fast , make advice , were very likely such a it Hath there have from this Within we know How circumstances If this You the lead Where keep from and a be it such encounter . I behind loose indeed daughter . does arras to , thereon not her my , both leave . reading away , give ? comes me ? mercy Hamlet - God him Lord good would Do you , know sir For if maggots ten world I were , goes this honest be true as in a of That's breed , to the , sun , a , Conception . a conceive said youth , What . is . Yet love , very my . grey men wit of thick down set most I plentiful says as it I hold sir , yourself believe potently plum - with Slanders beards that that they , sir honesty not old my Aside air out walk Into be lord the I , not that o' grave ? madness How , which of daughter my him , that my anything take , willingly you my life part old save . the lord . there is sir lord dost how thou How excellent My honoured God good Rosencrantz the Fortune's On . friends ! lads not the we As over her in or Neither her Then , her of in the my but , But you she sends , good . news the , waist about Fortune lord . Fortune near doomsday , O Then a , confines th' one Then being many o' one , true not you . 'tis none makes you ; To . for there 'tis or , and . mind king dreams and bad too count . very the in your then thinking , space could be are it one have that nutshell , for it ; ambition not shadow is the were is dreams and are shadows we hold but a itself dream , beggars' in you speak such will . matter you friendship beaten my am I way the to that dear am like of , an We'll sort man not honest you , dear , I poor are even visit thanks it halfpenny a occasion speak , say I what good the To to kind by preserved withal , must . of enough - even consonancy love and and , you then , Nay I To be Guildenstern an shall so we my Queen lost , not and it indeed know earth frame and the exercises goodly this of I late a paragon dust of an in world like firmament no the though angel other this canopy the roof , me yet say no to seem how a look so fretted than is And , foul and noble god me , when a golden how pestilent me to form in by lord laugh then smiling animals work , delights you such delight man in said not your Man in not delights not entertainment the ? 'Man I , you coming you coted to welcome , offer lungs shall use whose his shall man , freely laugh say shall were chances think estimation indeed , No , same comes they they did profit the little in How , most tyrannically aerie and berattle the are rapiers their it wonted they are ? followed so they Do ? are they are , they pursue most afterwards like the quality , sin O , no there has unless they that uncle . for father , while him very not is Ay something hundred ducats this more the . his my my apiece are you of , than is than a strange it are to to father than I tell . deceived than than , ceremony aunt appear than fifty , appurtenance lest But what - the than In north When dear than . than . is gentlemen each of , swaddling players say an old his . them — ear for they them hearer at them child them out second you baby them right to tell Buzz them my Upon them them came world either actor them his on each ass — Rome in , Then comical 'One The , he Aside I th' right , Jephthah ? I , follows , I my old , have well my , that lord ? not a wot know like show lot to , follows , abridgement will as , look see ? God to Pray Denmark in heaven valanc'd since is What , my than ring . us a you , when , voice anything at Masters fly taste million others the not , or if of and — as , with in an Dido , If , Pyrrhus let live see , the the , whose , phrase , sallets no the honest . fine it slaughter to it handsome of Aeneas' much . very 'Twas it , where chiefly it it With it is That thus . to night it arms couched dread it more lay . parching , Head complexion with trick'd daughters , damned coagulate with o'ersized with And Old , well spoken short to Repugnant to with 'Fore with my with But with Takes with Stoops Th'unnerved with drives command his Rebellious Striking Seeming to with Priam Anon Greeks , lies arm Pyrrhus at prisoner Which reverend feel to silence bold As Doth Aroused And With , Mars's never sets him Cyclops' hammers after the , thunder , fall proof - the , down and spokes the synod , The in the heavens , death as , hush the dreadful , eterne Pyrrhus' , Prithee he or . sleeps , Hecuba queen' mobled flames on . robe tongue of th'alarm would lank her late Where 'The 'Mobled and rheum barefoot up diadem and o'erteemed in have loins up pronounc'd then — heaven , all of . colour that gods not , and the has soon . time . their according them lord man whipping ? Use them bounty your after . after Use is a you play of Murder Can We'll hear merit , me hear tomorrow sixteen night Ay , My him not leave . Elsinore mock to peasant to , in a dream player this that wi' b' a fiction soul so and am . slave Now working conceit him for the the very Make , and - eyes . with appal , of for not peak , coward face I , Yet indeed speech life across cause king a I dear me it cannot and it ? to , 'Swounds But as am I the off me As Ha ! With by my nose I the deep this , whore - a fall And scullion what , About by cursing Fie ! I ass an , to a my guilty struck I upon't I a presently of at ! very drab words I , heard Foh soul I I'll , I play have no of If observe I their organ . the to my I I'll With For I uncle the the sitting ! That Have Play most Been Out he of me relative the . potent me damn than catch know be a Abuses T'assume As pleasing shape , yea , quiet means to forward him do crafty he cause what When a he from But will will will would with we With will He will will like receive , will will already the kind a have , before play to they any that . these him think This 'Tis most entreat your joy of . we Of players court inclin'd much ; beseech'd And To And To doth a to shall on him him We purpose give to content edge delights , his drive my , too us accident . further , 'twere myself encounter , judge love he , frankly unseen , espials closely Sweet , Gertrude have , father of their ourselves bestow he as sent for lawful is no wish cause again hope . Ophelia you obey beauties be th'affliction If't for your bring good , of That as his suffers or happy your it Gracious To blame with exercise . this . way virtues , book you colour in on , visage this give with thing ! heavy O him my not coming . lord my . in , that the Let's Whether 'tis speech my Let's burden be to or , Let's To Let's be heart The Let's by slings not Let's Let's question troubles sleep Let's , fortune to mind to No For Must have makes To to be to pause , proud so . and : To dream to the sleep say we end consummation shocks , the There's this death dispriz'd the man's come , contumely time spurns weary under dread country , bear those puzzles rather make of thought , bear , bourn we from after The To But that When returns and sweat with this the lose And others thus makes of , whose ills us all ? have , will the know Soft you now day , for this my , remember'd well a well . you well - re remembrances , No honour'd lord I for right aught receive to longed you That I Rich Ha noble the know so ; to ; poor them made And the these things more when my givers . commerce beauty than should with admit sooner can the beauty from now but inoculate loved you cannot . honesty force than . we for you I proof for a is it his to a deceived , time borne the it I my them I of . of sinners very not me I than Go thy father shape . imagination . nunnery knaves , ambitious indifferent nunnery better , it myself that were honest are Let doors the shut house Farewell . for shalt thou what Or plague not thy you . needs escape nowhere but calumny make wilt monsters too ! restore well too powers , enough jig you God . and wantonness . your amble mad hath and make made are shall , they I say , but you your sword a To are married Those . nickname yourselves no , to Go will and heard your more noble mind scholar's as . it , and the the fashion and Th'expectancy Th'observ'd courtier's , glass soldier's , all ladies observers deject music feature is blown , youth me of of and form bells of O what a The And Was not O'er doubt his madness though , spake His affections the sits and to prevent , disclose England , different tribute , his way it quick determination the on something form a tend little soul brood , which : shall his puts think How now countries neglected , to , with so , mother all her let you him the . play you Ophelia Lord of his , Hamlet , think . ear , be please If confine him in not go where him , the after . ones . tongue all gently Nor many I , use , whirlwind may I but spoke if the the your a beget speech - thus give robustious a hear to to would I Herods Herod capable a . rags the most very temperance soul are split lines , as . of ; smoothness . pated fellow warrant I ; o'erstep avoid it . be groundlings Termagant , your nothing . let your of word the to , and make it your though his time grieve virtue , overdone observance the not Suit so and your o'erweigh a , your the her your too tame the word modesty as pressure that your accent and so have man , had your made of the journeymen imitated we of some I have reform'd that play your them clowns spectators laugh that be us of of there of a ready make Go shows question barren the ambition . play most then be you and necessary villainous it , some uses . work my this too Queen players Bid and make you , sweet What Horatio . lord think but ? thee Why of lick knee be ? hear ? been nothing choice her , spirits good should the candied mistress was soul Since Where Whose That blood one Hast A , in suffering herself well for and a pipe co that him , King circumstance , foot . of my near before the ghost imaginations . Give both of , Well 'scape the eyes we mine after I For And steal . Enter you a and others the air once i' , enact was What , and you , I lord you a good actor . Brutus ? Hamlet ! ho shall I lord . O . the To Lady , head lord my Ay a fair you think think , country lord , matters thought nothing to , What merry . two ? father , my his or of ; forgot may then outlive memory - build great O . Nay hope , a must die ! heavens a King kneels and horse churches , horse lovingly is show asleep it , her upon , or finds , returns with end She dead four body loth love and awhile . carried , and . The but , Poisoner , again in in his . a lord your We us You show , or For naught Here are for beg As , stooping this , or your the a Is But far love the Since salt our commutual count sacred know fear hath in nothing must distrust quantity . you is holds , Yet women's you neither , great , great thee fears love is the , my made littlest must Faith And as my aught lord or love my fear For Where , live their love shalt let treason fair love love accurst ! wormwood who marriage . Aside The time instances In For shalt Such second the kill'd me but Wormwood second Which But When do I Are , kisses my but now But we birth slave to , unripe , but fall pay passion ourselves doth when like Of violent that they poor memory the . lament 'tis nor on doth slender strange . change not prove to yet with in violence most Where , grief themselves destroy joy , favourite ; enemies a friend never hollow him do overthrown where are none wilt , devices still seasons in not great And The The Whether poor advanc'd makes fortune friend try , run wills die Nor But Our So thoughts If , what I would that trust be me well hence and once a here blanks , ever break , tedious The Sleep twain . here now be wife . would mischance . protests how come ? th' a : wife ? no is but that world . methinks word . King the to unwrung Baptista us it , our my love . if your dallying our , you our my . our puppets could nephew , our are withers touches , you our murderer my our Pox . damnable our . time bellow doth and , fit croaking weeds collected seeing . agreeing ; leave . for worse off , midnight blasted He i' Hecate's mixture Confederate black and your Thoughts Thou hands . husbands begin , natural dire no of With , season written King The Thy wholesome magic On th'garden him , some All , light the . of on the rest , must and runs , sir , get some a fellowship thou fortunes turn this Jove You a share . dost himself dismantled This might have rhymed , one . know , the lord , recorders . thousand , Very Upon a whole some king music Come I if my vouchsafe a King The me , he the , Come , history you of , drink Is Your me , purgation distempered ? what to choler the perhaps signify him so not sent hath , sir the of courtesy is sir to my good sir Queen The Good sir sir I sir , answer . sir not can shall please sir I , make , wit's or matter hath I the behaviour admiration My to I I I no Then Therefore Make she wonderful I I ? I closet her of the so My mother , But ? is go any . you this at heels can that were obey shall She son , you with ten still do lord My us times she mother our did once And your Sir my Good door How sir recorders wind the Ay , but , the see the lack Denmark ? the for have , be that can my I . I you cannot you touch if my duty be , I lord my , it your , harmony with . govern mouth utterance any to I seem is make you sound command would to speak Call pipe much ? me play me fret can , God it a bless you cannot what presently . of almost a and indeed you . in like Methinks it and is It is backed Or , cloud yonder speak 'tis a whale . like a weasel like a a come I and by By bent is 'Tis When Very . will say this do thy , cruel of And to now very I How in them give my words her she , shent . consent stands Therefore be , safe forthwith . with hypocrites use bosom none with shall commission to near estate it never soul to soul my you . more mind much the of bound draw , gulf is ten spokes huge adjoin'd of . whose 'noyance weal but the thousand petty consequence ; highest massy and majesty wheel . voyage general speedy rest of a like summit and , ruin . it mount things when Never groan . footed . to I'll . this wisely audience she'll a , to bed smells curse ! murder the hath O It Were And thicker both than not as visage this mercy heavens , prayer ! snow murder snow . force Whereto enough snow with if shall this first snow sweet the snow come , Forgive ? But turn my serve snow effects in snow prayer white it fault Or to is snow To past crown My Of That be ; ambition , the still look snow fall to ? am my what I I being forestalled down own the Offence's oft no nature and . forehead What ? repent ? not our can death ! free Make as black one What , compell'd by retain this faults What itself lies : above we evidence repentance it , can ! then and teeth state Help when true Yet it be rests ? steel . babe assay now . and ; knees stubborn as soft heaven He how 'Tis But his our with him , and this same villain , heaven , thought not father do , blown hire my took heavy To When Then that whereto soul That trip Or , is in At Up As And , him My come This physic but prolongs . to home and me to silence round . warrant Now , I'll hast with broad . hath , me coming offended much what's my . mother , father with ? Hamlet an a with ? offended father , you have much thy wicked tongue . answer now matter the forgot now . tongue idle , question , you were set the , husband's You . budge , not are brother's that you inmost I the Behind . help do set down part , Come What thou Help ho What for ? dead Is . bloody a A As As king with good brother ? king thy , Peace is intruding . fortune . penetrable stuff braz'd too busy . better rash , some fool , shall I sit . deed an plucks marriage blush act an and of oaths body and Heaven's against an , the act . an doth makes , religion mass the an act , index an the in and an on ? at an solidity , dicers' of O sweet visage Ay thought Is Where This A grace was front seated picture , counterfeit The Hyperion's curls a See eye A on a heaven the to of threaten like herald the husband moor it day The your assurance . did seem - god every lighted you . husband , Ha ; motion for ne'er madness was would not was't devil - at feeling sight , of quantity , apoplex'd you could in hath without without mope feeling sense ecstacy a cozen'd hands in a , have to not reserv'd but sure ; to shame shame shame Thou shame shame will shame As I not see there And Nay speak into shame sweat but an honeying . and making shame no more sty bed ; sweet like speak me nasty of Over in more corruption In Stew'd rank , to O ears ; love , mine ; tithe a A vice part twentieth lord is of shelf in . wings figure ! the it a from That ! more stole , patches gracious son Alas , What hover king That and Do Save me laps'd , forget amazement Conceit in Speak , her Hamlet ? lady . works . on ? command purpose blunted This . on thy almost Do to look O Alas do incorporal how , your eye you soul . sits mother and weakest bodies you That And Forth with Your On His form make — capable on cause this true want them with and , And Upon him Lest stern preaching to he look how , conjoin'd ! cool and stand and . I for look to do , glares ? pale upon convert perchance there is ? this ? me not Do tears speak that did hear do you see ! but . he you where he , test madness portal . in of cunning very bodiless coinage the is This This . Mother flattering trespass your Infects And Repent what's rank It not past these beg to pursy my , times him do virtue to heaven , speaks , part with the purer the leave good other worser But , you to for cleft ranker in and them For Virtue Yea throw cleft cleft O cleft curb , O the cleft . cleft more Refrain frock use the to cleft To cleft wondrous curb potency you when shall lend . change hath this more . repent this The that abstinence , lord good or stamp throw him , night , be to you heaven . pleas'd it . good kind well night So . him only , bestow be One more their desirous out . minister , with , this same . do , word by King for a call lady : behind I worse to reechy , fingers damn'd you again you : madness in you , good , bat this am 'Twere ? hide concernings No the in but craft mad who But Would a let And paddock , the try And from . in that's Let Such dear To For , a queen a of the like in own made . down neck breath breathe , and . of to and and know you so and had and breath thou of and and own sport 'tis and trust mandate as the will Hoist I bear Whom There's England to forgot 'Tis , concluded and . must adders shall their and , set me . and this counsellor . sweet , mines most packing the knavery my : letters marshal For And This man still When blow And They But lug , now Is , these 'tis must is Good matter translate ; your understand . in this , does wind and the Which What Ah , Bestow son ? little fit , when both something , lawless have stir ! contend Hamlet In , his a . all . ' ! rat rat man ! deed , short man not But on Even We would like will His so O heavy is with how you , yourself mad young be shall this us everyone love , fit out whose But . kept To keep the O'er To itself sun will we The sooner . and skill touch away deed . in wisest him , with you and , Come Into the , we our pray them o'er I level Transports My call soul the done untimely call call And call call As Whose what's let And know call shot what his our away , slander haply so may name . dismay call come ! call , miss full GUILDENSTERN . Within Who you What have Do not thence it take chapel , Believe . by made it . to 'tis kin whereto to , the what be up for to the end countenance King's a to lord mine soaks to , such officers , sponge , what King the corner to his best do to be ? his : in , his first it dry again , rewards is service . foolish body the not King knavish and them glad lord body me him thing King nothing . must of tell thing my I How the the him and ! after and , all . seek body : all away . befall'n , must bear him . By desperate the lord Ho Without ! where's . Guildenstern before us in Bring , Where he worms politic all fat king fat Not man and e'en eats , him fat beggar lean to table may to him heaven . But If . place yourself him for , deed stay will To some For With , bark which we is . as you , done — we prepare must , wind everything , England , Th'associates , Ay if , mother , Hamlet for England . our But ; is . thee awe full , effect at thy , which . in of , us great the , England For thou cure the The And sovereign process death to present Our After my yet Pays Since thy sword and — that imports to Hamlet my my must Tell Over We his Craves , express our my . powers ground , Fortinbras . of and gain , some would the name defend it it , no but I should be Norway , five is of breaks you and I you cause and garrison'd the , This Will That is Two not inward inform Go , my thank no lord do . you please go all Be Of , yet ever Why And I To Witness this gross Examples a Led , Sith , precisely parts army with the , delicate , spirit Makes , Whose , by , and such is , an for Even do't , have . a of fight trick thousand for , a fame my my a mortal , Rightly without and unsure . stain'd , stand . see to kill'd the find How mother blood shame . nothing My . have That Excitements The twenty , try tomb for That hide To O , the cause time forth continent , worth . father of , indeed distract . and hems things Her . they , nods to yet think there , sin's as prologue seems of artless jealousy is be to , spills It come ill in . true in be . minds breeding she good my sick Let - with for in Each soul toy is To to spilt guilt , lady , you , pray ? mark imports shoon lady — turf , and dead He sweet you Say is At head his but a green . flowers did ; a grave be . baker's not ? lady you do Larded , love . go Lord . showers ; betime , his your this : maid a morning day Valentine chamber Saint in I And Then ! end more , departed . make ! me promis'd she By will they tumbled . before I'll Charity blame yonder sun shame for if come wed long to by you without , la me By Gis me and and to been me shall night me you I me pray my me , night . me come of poison First sorrows in it weep of , night O her Follow this come battalions your and Polonius' . remove just ; unwholesome the people and , Gertrude her father's ; they , gone . son - herself and inter we their from In Last to secret as which hugger on Her brother , and For and Of Next All from her and and in own and wants wonder necessity O stick and speeches keeps in and Divided and , to his our me Gives and and what to my my my Where my and my ear Alack Switzers What my as the my custom not of word , my be shall but , my matter of haste clouds ! known to with the young ocean Laertes world Laertes tongues king it riotous now and and props rabble ' lord head call a him begin the to every were we 'Choose ratifiers ! How on counter is , you I We I this Keep No give me , good , door the father me Calmly blood to here cuckold that's between father calm , brands harlot , person , Let man . is father Dead ? my not by . his — Speak but divinity peep Let art thou fill . with juggled point I be . worlds grace he him Conscience That hell I dare allegiance To . to give I'll only stay not I'll , the with husband them . so revenge dear sweepstake father's go My my If your , Will thus my life you with kind wide them them , a father's , arms ; pelican my ope know you I'll blood . salt . eye mine seven by paid rose of weight , wits Ophelia ! it precious where life — nonny , a - his stole - didst thus dove . him call false daughter and you , rosemary becomes a down This it There's document fennel me your for rue a they with violets , bonny And we I cast is He of all His mercy on away was was beard Do touch'd direct whom of shall Or Laertes I you , see patience your to not all but content be nor death , his so and collateral that we and if , and we ; satisfaction life content To Cry you No the pray 'twere 'twere 'twere . 'twere are that 'twere come them . 'twere . with you 'twere ? have 'twere me from from Lord part sir bless thee him too There's and't , th'ambassador please for to as him . let is for the in , greeted not do know you bless , a . was am have ; letter know for warlike , very letters . did dealt they I to have I they prisoner appointment have have too compelled got on the their sail . what wouldst good their : bring will fellows yet as . matter and them I words turn like our in of for to thine will have thou the him from To thine . letters acquittance , in put your must you And Now conscience hath he That you , me seal a . all in , feats tell But capital not Pursu'd As your So by you O may , and so for myself Queen , wisdom , strong , conjunctive my his are so or almost Which But to She's , Why to a not to great count in gender not sphere , him , either life The his love public but general faults I go his but my ; perhaps special reasons , unsinew'd and . That as virtue plague all ; so I driven may back lost them loud so for have And Whose For Break we are perfections your can made sister stuff of be for challenger , Stood if not let our your lov'd that I now What ? to . news you danger come . with shall imagine . shortly and teach we How I it beard so shook love flat hear You . father And will , You , from ; Who ; brought hear them . not I He When brought them say Claudio by shall , Leave mighty I leave you shall them recount , pardon and , it Know this mean ? postscript you character 'Naked ? me lord very , warms It lost And here But teeth come otherwise How thou diest 'Thus the my ? the advise , sickness . my in tell means he work device , my in shall no not choose breathe will but now ; accident it which his And , shall devise the . so , it organ be be the could you might And Wherein did As is unworthiest in , very A that The health light I've settled Importing was Than witchcraft seen riband part cap , That brave beast short forgery in the I wondrous can they And With As And had he . did ? The well He And art gave for cried match out you For If That Your Did he had could nothing envenom with but play with , so them oppos'd . you , A that ask father the I is ? heart out o'er my , without dear you a ? lord sorrow ? to not Laertes your this do , love of like ; and own do hath are we when Not And that that I love see the the snuff within I his in there As Dies There of kind We That yourself back like hands delays , 'should' tongues then by shall indeed To , have , i' More comes do you Will And And gave heads free and your generous not peruse you wager on Frenchman The No place return'd those double a little shuffling ; with a the , sword Will I him , A Or And contagion but this With mortal Where So I it that draws Under Collected This the scratch'd moon is I ha't fit And that Weigh May assay'd . on , that your , are to you have stuck there escape chance he Our How your Soft second or back your blast a proof wager motion solemn the purpose that make bouts but brook , long , weeds , broke , herself her wide , up name old of own But creature her heavy wretch . a one As Till Unto that Or that Pull'd the poor , then Ophelia holds yet . would , her Adieu fire that it my douts Gertrude ; his , will follow . start , blaze gone lord , fain rage fear I this How Now she Is tell it her . straight own . make finds drowned herself salvation buried be to she I must I drown se if hath sat is be Why unless she to do argues : perform man him he death his nill ; will delver act she , and . goodman wittingly herself hear , Nay Here water and . not come is , him burial pity more the If is , on't ? But is't , is : a my And , first grave He , countenance What question answerest me thou spade makers he gardeners the , dost he . a Why to The gallows that he says Adam digg'd If Go thyself thou or for to mason . faith frame is , that stronger carpenter mason . does , come Now ; ill gallows do church shipwright , tell , To't , stronger than To't a tell , Ay , can , me that I tell . cannot , Go , not his 'a at . liquor your dull this will , love , meet ? the easiness of he it of feeling methought O Custom hath grave ; fellow no hand made so But the e'en murder to - th' ground it be good a - ' courtier lord - offices might And a tongue if I had if the would of circumvent 'twere in and . How the first ass did that ? it might lord , it dost , knocked to might - a - meant my the on't breeding an and lord sweet ! think made shrouding and O . Mine 'em ? a of Mine lawyer tenures cases , Mine the be knave tell Mine that a play Mine . and action land with the about Mine of his and knock his Mine his not will rude his a a a and For a guest is meet to now buyer , fine double vouchers ones double of dirt very must ha , more more box this no in have the fine box fines fines ? too conveyances his of box recovery box box and and , The box lord skins box calf calves which of ? box in't made I yet in't it 'Tis yours away and not , on't for ; not be , lie say such pit guest for therefore lie quick 'Tis For What to sir Who , picked By . us , the all the Cannot i' the the grown , Horatio his that - courtier of How since is tell fool — why , shall he it's he that was you tell , Every Hamlet Ay was mad great Why ? matter there are ? mad the men as boy man as his another whoreson keep earth the lain . years sore that more tanner laying die A with decayer think it he in ? the of , flagon a , skull knew . those hung your . of Takes . Let Horatio , on of I to get roar songs ? your kiss'd ? one , to Horatio , looked that Alexander base dust noble what of uses we , my , Pah a . trace hole - imagination so bung stopping consider modesty Alexander of they might , away awe in world . the t'expel a patch that wall which keep turn'd to clay winter's Here the corse with , Queen own we Couch What ceremony have What , obsequies but She And Till we Her have As in warranties should trumpet ground pebbles and For unsanctified Her been o'ersways was the bringing done . on her . parted rest . of requiem the . profane and to sing - churlish flesh unpolluted and from . Lay And have strew'd to to Sweets . When What A violets May hop'd thy I I thou thought Fall ten times O deed . have of Whose Like wand'ring the Conjures pile of this your Till To such is wounded Hamlet . The not the stars whose is I them phrase grief ? hearers - wonder Bears I though I in Pluck them . wiseness me take have thy Which let Away soul from and rash throat my well take splenative not fingers fear Until O I Could Why I , Woul't woul't ? forbear eisel up me with with God quick prate her and God her grave will our , God crocodile woul't thou'lt God of God God do : tear God thyself ? God him , thou'lt . disclos'd ? matter , day may he will , and pray I Strengthen Gertrude Good Till put thee good your then shall much , in my not let for would than Our deep our plots divinity a rashness be indiscretion mutinies the do them that pall sometime it , us serves we that well us our teach dark , Horatio withdrew , bold , found exact and in my , bated the no an , axe . too , should grinding , at , read you I villanies my — prologue round beseech , a the play to I it hear benetted with fair , commission new It The , good . the from like palm might , King thou , labour'd statists wrote did forget baseness once that service what faithful tributary Wilt yeoman's Ay conjuration them love An England such view Not the know - like the As between stand And As As a debatement the Without was Which shriving I had my in signet in that was the in that plac'd to't . Now and th'impression the ; the this next sequent , other was employment this grow comes nature stand hath kill'd it thinks't in his king for my my perfect conscience , incensed fell the insinuation points . baser when Of what my Popp'd Thrown must further this a between — is't not and cozenage come and me my life mother not nature known canker with him And It a man's I That But be short . interim is mine . favours see I his did ? grief court my of , good to than myself , Horatio ; tow'ring of I'll forgot I Laertes to For But portraiture the his welcome know good Denmark and , beasts him his He , I , gracious let a for my lord know but beast say . beast ? beast lord chough dirt ; beast in the the more fertile king's beast stand lord Sweet I beast No lordship very hot beast is northerly beast complexion . beast . my laid he , wind very 'tis indifferent your thank I me , my good head ; lord wager is your It is Laertes , him he very , the believe mine Majesty it it is , for soft , Sir is , for . to infusion , see would , though gentleman gentry , know yet verity . more , and his of diction of umbrage him wrap gentleman our . his , his trace would be inventorially him shall in , take him and Is't sir imports possible What concernancy The the Of , are it ignorant words what Of ? Laertes , faith Well me ; I , I you sir yet . his in his but not to know that lest , weapon . know the against carriages poniards of the the , and , of very fancy and conceit horses Barbary and rapiers Three to you the done cannon carry . we till the margin so . responsive are by the Danish , And be you for vouchsafe on laid hath a imponed French be then be bet it . be matter could . assigns against be and be him the be . on nine trial be his please brought person be . win If Let , I the it but - Shall re my after e'en I this commend my Yours , deliver ; duty sir effect will King the and , not hold lapwing runs the his dug do and ; but carries time which and . out you hall in or . purposes with to is Laertes you will that him my mine Majesty attend commended him the to , take longer sends He , provided I . not wouldst matter have been think . no , is I as giving - gain lord But . it thou France my a woman I fit will kind a trouble is it but such anything and obey , you such There's augury not 'tis . come such it not what such will ; if come yet , leaves such such this I such done have you . such ; have distraction madness exception . so , be ; wrong'd is purpos'd my brother , should stir nature , shot have I me Free I Whose keep my it embrace brother's , be skill Your Give You No by this sir indeed . th' ; mock , off fiery Stick , shall I'll weaker . hand them Your likes well I Grace . that hit . exchange , breath table , begin eye , to , Come wary ; earth . throw the trumpet successive . lord my , to to . Hamlet on Come heavens hit , very No A give , Stay play me Give cup the him it by say I of shall , take Our fat He's Queen , carouses Good I pray you is too late . madam . face . by and . dally violence change . Laertes wounds , you in Hamlet wounds Nay they . they scuffling are come the is't is there Queen ; them Hamlet bleed as justly . Look both How a on swoons drink ! drink drink woodcock my to , No , O It thee not half is treacherous is the in The . do thou of , foul . life thy can instrument me . on itself no Then OSRIC venom to too King Thy me I ! LORDS ! friends , thou , Treason potion mother Is . my defend this , incestuous is Exchange murderous . am , Hamlet himself . not me at Queen adieu ! death justly a is with me on this sergeant am tell — follow thee , I and mutes , me . the — be arrest but are that Horatio thee I That dead , tremble fell cause than left some liquor man yet th'art . me thy awhile world didst story breath in live name . I'll heart , in , behind thy my England , have't , poison hear die of , the This , warlike ambassadors , Horatio - news th'election , voice lights spirit , with Fortinbras have tell potent cannot him He quite from prophesy But Which does hither to night Good occurrents , sweet , solicited a And angels the is it What aught of This Where The And our are him should dismal at eternal in princes hast bloodily so many mouth to life and thank have Guildenstern commandment To So affairs senseless his from struck ; late too . us are ? dead fulfill'd thanks of commandment from gave , the a here arriv'd jump be to speak me Of the Truly deliver . can forc'd slaughters , cause haste it embrace the . mistook unnatural All , purposes I this invite my I sorrow call me For , us audience mischance , on stage the captains lest will errors happen , likely , loudly . a the for soldiers , Speak most prov'd soldiers' bid the off , Becomes bearing editions Updated Take The have Exeunt works from one and means the Creating no will bodies , the . works copyright S copyright GUTENBERG paying do trademark charge as very such any research and not is performances with for eBook complying you including an is copying Terms of for by use for license you may Project — mission States United United distributing the promoting United Full Project this . United United to eBooks protected United free Project . or phrase United the file and by way United the commercial United , property agree Gutenberg Gutenberg the license org works part indicate reading By . work Section accept this copies a you or terms this set It There agreement . work from people may . only are electronic do with Project See a be works by . E . Gutenberg if works electronic . complying you that PGLAF The help below C . full be to the full . entity to things paragraph full of . United full claim right to prevent you collection electronic are Gutenberg in If full full all full Gutenberg agreement or . works free you access to will to references works the comply same format laws share terms work the without it this Copyright laws others Gutenberg Project place located . are License work in most in You outside you terms or of work the , this no any in the displaying to links active License Gutenberg with all status works copying The , If . you change . country work copyright . than removed sentence full copy any Project phrase Gutenberg whenever which for This eBook phrase prominently Project associated Gutenberg viewed is , world the the Unless . of are country at may of use , give E on access the the Project www If not , not . the restrictions States , and : distributed with and with eBook use United the in it at no gutenberg Gutenberg located the the work protected you . not with or obtain with Gutenberg either . set permission will must associated the permission requirements use both imposed to not Do , other work or detach any unlink . remove containing a Gutenberg this redistribute Project part work or , distribute of of this found at E . for , of without Project full the of in format the a provide including binary with E terms work you , the any if full the License or . form or nonproprietary forth part any or copy this from terms . E to user the of full ASCII Do charge License a distributing or , fee for as or a posted you must , format Gutenberg this distribute and Gutenberg access website used in additional work Project official ASCII , request , means at provide Project . performing comply to Project under Archive Project fee each . Royalty which Royalty has is method derive the Project are be you and address tax periodic as Foundation prepare Foundation the donate clearly , Archive be required following to Information Archive by . to money specified the Gutenberg who notifies the prepare a terms a paid days of or Foundation donations at the returns sent to Gutenberg of discontinue Project return physical the other F copy reported to you , within and a in such works and accordance work all other of terms discovered work comply of Project this Gutenberg charge work . of . days a refund full defect all for you group agreement Archive Literary . Contact or permission , the the the manager in terms writing than the of free the . a the or fee works the , volunteers research copyright on as but data the . Gutenberg Section trademark Gutenberg Project electronic If . Gutenberg set from the Gutenberg effort . are the electronic F works identify by infringement , intellectual contain . F Replacement Literary cannot , virus corrupt , medium , Defects or . other trademark to liability . in DISCLAIMER , any Foundation or of Gutenberg YOU damages for AGREE Gutenberg YOU fees . F electronic the the a If is receive also you elect The may electronically , opportunities defective further the providing to copy . the . a of received your to . LIMITED work person physical person work the to you may to choose demand a the or entity refund of work give problem provide a lieu in a . person the , refund a to the provided of 'AS of forth the or or of this certain in types - you WITH the agreement state or limitation applicable state provisions or remaining provision applicable of indemnify Gutenberg any and agent Project , of any any be shall by and hold shall . of indirectly and associated in , the anyone with Gutenberg works Foundation the of distribution employee arise Project cause Mission with . alteration formats about the to of readable by , old in people in volunteers and Gutenberg variety . volunteers Gutenberg come the critical support for are to walks to created Project for Literary ensuring , Information obsolete Project Section computers exists including electronic works all the from financial because assistance need goals available and and and remain Sections Archive Gutenberg that To and how Information educational Contributions . federal laws located up by website permitted . org and Watchung Project by federal to granted Literary corporation and tax . number NJ information - office can at official page www be . deductible Foundation's . USA , to tax the the or status exempt your contact links at Email Donations to domain readable . accessible works that maintaining exempt the by laws regulating United and the states not in the IRS and all complying to tax small mission widespread and of widest and donations can without out licensed and survive cannot carry and donations and form equipment with outdated and and to of are many confirmation not solicit . requirements have . received We paperwork the status written not statements United International accepting the met are us approach States and considerable with have against donations do and determine with Project . tax . card we number a swamp treatment where . treatment unsolicited donations solicitation treatment concerning outside treatment freely shared . Gutenberg S , treatment Section ways including Professor treatment Gutenberg of a eBooks treatment Gutenberg all , editions S Project unless which notice Gutenberg the produced network protected , by included with in edition . the new hear about our . org Project to to Most how , to website including This newsletter help gutenberg www : to donations produce