come most He . upon your hour carefully bed Barnardo this And relief twelve sick Francisco at 'Tis thanks you . much I Have stirring quiet heart . had am You thee bitter I think The rivals to this Friends them night good who Give , And liegemen Give soldier honest place my , farewell O , has , good . I have our again hold of of , along us . nothing belief . story this , of the pole heaven myself assail again once break . Look it dead comes . of , King Horatio . wonder and it fear , Horatio . that be Horatio . Denmark of . speak charge buried time to spoke would It What thou art with ? It , sometimes march which Together speak will You and ! you might , think I sensible ! on't than fantasy not look ! this . believe avouch . eyes and true What the mine not ! like : had angry the in sledded jump Polacks armour thyself he King ? very th'ambitious combated to on hour , watch not ; an when I my state . opinion our , that observant to , land whose , of , can I so . the image Whose least At Was , Thereto prick'd whisper That on you as For the combat in , of ; law life cov'nant , full Fortinbras , there , resolutes of diet food For Hath His That As to terms But it hath Of he been . Hamlet carriage And well compulsatory recover father this haste So his of post think I this source Is may armed was That Of The Was to doomsday the dews moist stands eclipse Neptune's ; sun influence whose Disasters As like almost sick Upon in the trains with of even the prologue soft But I'll , earth And our behold earth climatures and earth together Stay be grace country's earth fate me earth in . speak to earth ease to sound hast , though blast where , earth Speak me . illusion ! again , earth , death ! Speak of strike Do if Stay you the uphoarded avoid life earth thy and with Marcellus oft in partisan of womb , I vain as wrong do To our about then started when malicious air blows speak , air , sounding warning herein , comes cock the that crowing the faded bird , Whether sea . And of his And The , nights fairy So takes hallow'd heard the you young are we us our But Where we consent Let spirit As Let's in we our I Laertes our hath in in be green grief and , and most . woe our state whole , eye , marriage defeated queen , a of fought nature . him barr'd , ourselves sister our Therefore With In With affair wisdoms supposal For nor ; equal wife , and , which and dirge dole our bonds those us our better Now To Norway the and his Of Out The lists , and herein nephew's and for young - gait his good bearers of business subject with the dilated Farewell Of let and and To your , and of to , uncle , purpose rid scarcely to levies suppress are all here proportions these all it doubt We And now , that , and you , you King articles no further personal than commend VOLTEMAND And You told You cannot speak of throne is The That Yet thoughts My show From He do cousin hour beseech thy And my graces than more I Take thy spend ; hard my give I , leave son much you the By laboursome Laertes hang and and kind ? my will be thine , i' a ever for eye common through nature in thy friend too clouds , kin still am cast lord , I nighted with noble , to eternity dust die the vailed on off , must . common ; of inky is ? father , be know black eye grief ; seems , Hamlet a term to sorrow in course bound in is incorrect a mind most in 'Tis . and be must simple in , and thing vulgar we in the any in our 'tis heart should As For in Take we to in against death it To From what ? Fie the Why , A must be of are And impart I , Do It is which going Here You , This 'This , back cheer the Our I , And , comfort bend to of , desire , intent son son madam . solid too Come shall clouds in come fair of today , fix'd whereof ; Hamlet bruit the gentle And great But - the rouse King's How on't to seed fie , nay a not , this garden nature ! this and unprofitable to that ; too might her he if fed think With what As on on't , God , all tears followed — longer ! mourn'd little not , Must By Let me , Like yet the — no , Hercules of flushing ; married more , She married Ere have father's , My O left the brother A . Why she , even . come , my your her wicked cannot most it for hold . myself forget see I to . Wittenberg good servant my ever friend you : good lord . Good sir . Wittenberg even . so ear hear shall lord , came do not I mock to you it think prithee lord , my was drink know Thrift We'll But yourself do my you thrift coldly , marriage funeral the bak'd heaven Horatio in tables . foe hard upon . your funeral . Horatio , that dearest meats . day methinks , him look take father I He I upon he I I father With Season your King I . Who , of marvel ear I I nights hear . you to witness I The my for ! I deliver their watch thrice - and , your , surprised he - solemn fear . him act whilst they This in watch , I are deliver'd not speak the had each I where . thing apparition impart , them the as dumb In with of Within truncheon's his Almost the My Did My up made lifted it motion answer It lord like head But lord you the But where platform ; this was ? not , we do 'Tis live And As I And vanish'd Itself But Then saw My ? foot his his my more in A countenance What you , lord face ? eyes upon . his Most would I It like While would And , MARCELLUS haste . have a tell . seen , in his walk watch will , It I Perchance A sable . again If tonight it to me . I pray should silence itself this peace though noble hell my assume you ; farewell . no , 'twixt you honour to duty Our , foul still father's Though doubt I Your Till to my as all And And My , assistant embark'd winds to foul them would : not Farewell , favour in primy his blood , of trifling not , waxes no soul now his not no doth loves cautel but is birth his must besmirch , do , own no no alone grow . this temple no you : no further particular deed your ; so far he of be whole circumscrib'd that says choice of on his his wisdom head the And It Unto for He For not , voice sanctity The and ; his health for must yielding if of loss his in and danger enough desire . may Denmark voice , or your of moon the she Fear If The keep And before 'scapes unmask itself liquid dew buttons infants of strokes spring of be calumnious to prodigal the , sister disclos'd , dear . heaven libertine treads do pastors thorny not his of fear . not me But my . O long me the And upon is father sail my , you . here , Yet here stay I smiles ? the double by palm hoops their and unfledg'd comrade act no thoughts thy thought any thou unto do Of Look Grapple But familiar , but thy thy thee of buy , judgement in . of with but his , tried vulgar . tongue no dull not - to entrance them quarrel may thy hatch'd , th'opposed as express'd Costly in thy France in they And Take every thine censure the a Neither For But select most each And my blessing go I , 'Tis my have I time invites take you Farewell humbly : Thou Most What do servants it . the key . memory Farewell you What is't , So please , you of and he something , hath hath time your Given hath 'Tis so way not understand of in it hath Marry private so you bounteous hath . late yourself hath , behoves between his believe hath That ta'en not , not , you teach have I'll Do I do you to . Tender of me , sterling know you ! them think baby , poor a with , you'll heaven . me to my you'll you'll , of vows you'll go fashion importun'd he lord you'll , When must you'll promise light tongue the Ay And to holy , heat than vows burns , is . at entreatments of to command so And , Believe Set something a believe be not , Lends more , these : a it fire your he he show from moment . leisure Hamlet any . your , with come This in so slander sanctified . is pious for , young . walk brokers , are . Ophelia time forth . bawds , of and terms , the . lord shrewdly , to't , is , lord . to the , bray rouse out pledge trumpet of upspring thus Rhenish takes my wont down , triumph marry a it Ay , though is't his Is - traduc'd This to the manner to And And heavy mind honour'd and with swinish : phrase at our nature , them , these of Fortune's , pure may as , say plausive of else I livery that , Nature's Being virtues From Shall The That their by breaking Oft By Since their form Carrying in that all His Doth with com'st intents from spirit a thee airs in thee That not and Look , lord , my Angels Bring I thy Hath cast Revisit'st thou thus the Making night , of fools our we the complete nature ? the again , why in bones , royal and ponderous thee cerements we With Why Let Have To That , is thoughts It why beyond ? away shake ? waves you what you it to more by , some go impartment removed no my should fear pin's to do it what itself ? a . lord at as again immortal I'll , follow can the life thing me not , set beetles be . lord horrible ? your base into , toys fathoms hears so And It Without motive it Go , on waves I'll looks puts into might very assume many roar follow to place That The more you draw shall And each fate ; hands not out rul'd as lion's , this , in artery My You Hold Still away — Go of me Unhand , say hardy . him imagination with 'tis not To after what in the rotten will it direct . of follow . waxes ; follow He . let's thou . will . no I'll , come , tormenting When Whither lead My I me Speak So to revenge , hear . thou shalt done to confin'd of away . secrets in my I nature am lightest prison from thy young , on locks to hair fretful blazon . List must list end part be love — murder . unnatural it best strange as , most Murder , in I swift my to meditation to this Murder or thee than be that the , with wings . revenge thoughts of love as ease , ease . sting forged that on . ease Denmark ease power , the ! soul ease , his of youth of ease ear his , to - virtuous gifts natural that dignity decline the vow there shameful beast — that adulterate have , hand was his of wit — wit incestuous , With So The O Hamlet will of it From what whose ; it radiant celestial air ; bed orchard through That And curd , with like eager vigour into mine ; of posset body , of of of of of of smooth smooth smooth once smooth my , to Denmark this let smooth , aught thou mind luxury and bear not ! smooth contrive ! near well instant What earth . fire O fie Hold a ? there of my alone Yes all volume shall , villain it be a in be so , by heaven down ; to , remember I 'Adieu , uncle there , adieu are and it it may Now . ' . my word Denmark . Hamlet and my . bird noble , lord ? my . knave , Denmark in from the grave all ; you part at hands shall and poor desire my own business part , pray go you , I needs There no , fit and — that ; right it they offend faith , heartily , circumstance shake for , but sorry wild Yes every Look it are , my Patrick offence an For And much , There's offence to may , poor ? lord , what And . your is Yes by As as you ghost friends my one me Give Never you What make Ha ha In , lord sword my , have Cries , Come under . so stage ? you . Beneath Consent fellow Art . there cellarage . truepenny swear to have . ground . have . fast wondrous good strange . Horatio welcome , in , your never , work i' earth and heaven I philosophy so bear perchance odd give on meet , mercy come is it , think myself help But . before To How , or and mercy ; Swear spirit as me Hamlet man . gentlemen you to need do I love my all t'express and . help most Swear , you , in to is So commend . together cursed go I you pray together set born . to let's Give Before shall this will how You you did Danskers know and drift what at particular Than you And Marry My well and they That , said Enquire company who this , what well I lord , come will son my And , me encompassment first , your Take As if't may , But As so be part Addicted forgeries 'And and please part very , say may my lord . very none and or drinking noted wanton him ' , As As you dishonour and you ' so ; take . lord most of there ; wild and , liberty swearing the dishonour , Quarrelling no must he is may you not my not That's put go so ; on . so quaintly charge , faults of of That seem outbreak assault unreclaimed my A savageness general But my lord — do this that . warrant , phrase the breathe ever in laying As 'Good ' to so ; or with closes you , guilty of the say did , gentleman , this , What in , thus yesterday , such know 'friend I about ay and leave I ! ' , ' . consequence' the : in so or 'closes with him 'I or and there ; day marry t'other or of you — as rouse truth ; you say sale' such or wisdom of . of assays directions . well fare advice . bias reach carp this takes we with and of out have you lecture have . You former I you And Well . each in his other , foul'd unbrac'd chamber purport before been gyved his sewing doublet so loosed ankle it . for Mad do he but , know What by took said comes me . do hard brow face and truly I , arm fear me ; lets profound . go . me and waving shaking stay'd mine so . and . my of perusal such . little head That to so he , arm down on me . seek the , love go very him . our As you , does That afflict ; What leads will any natures any desperate undertakings heaven , given repel to passion is the And oft as go with violent you and to did have good am had I not It lord , No my access His his as . denied mad heed he sorry to meant seems which than , the being go is But proper for Come . discretion As be known must to lack The hasty nor Something to grief it hide , More dear we we sending use long to Guildenstern , court , him remedy lies to That Whether much open'd gentlemen Good Some occasion him he adheres so with us it If two occasion please not of profit and occasion your much shall supply us more , king's occasion a fits Both our of such gentry occasion are good awhile hope thanks . us command occasion your occasion entreaty both to obey , in full the , of receive visitation Your As sovereign pleasures your Than power dread more into commanded and you these And I Go where Hamlet some and is and Pleasant beseech service freely at . and your feet and , and lord presence Ay and too Th'ambassadors and the , bring make , my God and you my my hold , this soul liege , sure return'd Norway Are father , to . mine : do gracious so have King do . brain I found hear that do queen source and other is my do and long lunacy do found . father's I do me death , Voltemand , friends from our sift shall . Polack whereat against age ; Highness , 'gainst , hand , brief in , out , fine , and into look'd To But was so falsely rebuke th'assay old return of greetings levies better It Was your , sickness from borne his vow before which three his With levied And So As therein your likes consider'd us safety to against those shown , quiet enterprise pass time welcome your we thank and think It well we'll duty is , be night night , and . of and time , wit . outward noble night should liege and to the define is , what ended . feast home is day soul , madam business waste and Your . it brevity majesty What Were nothing Madam I matter But I ; for nothing son mad . pity , art true all , art figure defect is she . thus by this , effect now use cause the 'tis 'tis say defective comes , most vile have remainder of swear is That ill phrase , soul's Now whilst cause obedience mark beautified a vile you , my this effect : this stars sun from Hamlet awhile Doubt to the ; stay Came phrase , that truth But ill at thee dear best , by And more they fell given to she you faithful and think mine by hath time , you that you might what , told your here tell think , think wing , I queen a No thus I with I the . me love did I to work mute idle round : I , I , book - bespeak his I out I went thy resort star precepts sight gave make — her . very likely be It such Hath the And all we 'tis , a positively When from is Where circumstances hid Within the though try How If truth the does in he So a such At Mark Be And Let me be he lobby . my I'll and Away Lord - God a my does How , know . I so my my , honest to , honest a ? world goes lord you , very in carrion walk say How not me gone . And he said Aside I , Have I'll . this beards tree - hams All which potently you yourself plum gum their ; I weak . For the that Slanders yet madness go . it like thus if in't my ? grave of out be this Though Will , that are could , of most anything that life . old my I will he Hamlet fools well except life God save you . tedious the To to Polonius My earth ye both . Guildenstern happy button ; very - over are not of her ? shoe the lord my . we the lads how do ? her . a ? true . soles her live the Then secret parts None , her , Faith Then . But the news most of ? the that but , good you not world's grown friends prison my sends news , Let the hands world prison the being Prison , one confines worst many Denmark's is th' o' lord king dreams narrow is nothing me 'tis . a too . a your that is our shadow . monarchs and shadow's so for the . substance . of very a dream bad quality light shadow court . rest the GUILDENSTERN ? you and most my servants ; dreadfully of . occasion Elsinore other you And not , Come visitation Were thank ? I . what am with , you you . is speak friendship my lord dear a a free but nay it Is , say we purpose good lord love by you of , enough confession in your , kind What the Queen modesties sent King conjure you what with me by . no What or direct by To the my our of what end ? youth , love , me ? you better , sent hold discovery . forgone I custom it congregation noble , than apprehension angel , paragon the like in , though ? dust by in . moving man And not you seem . 'Man to : in action how neither not way on what , the me' Lenten entertainment , and his We foil delight when I ; welcome use man whose mind . for't her players are , shall his you . to service in sere halt peace th' verse shall of — they wont lady clown not gratis take to travel freely humorous comes was delight both . of did the inhibition their chances you the the were in the or ? those How think better , How Do they rusty not the the reputation and in ? Are of , question sir is there top thither they is not as ? are them call — they are out cry and but ; the now ? fashion and , say holds wrong them it money no the about much throwing has , There player went while and sides their if like them much to controversy been Is't the Do boys my not strange ; do of . they for Ay fifty make is that there , in something there , than extent fashion to than appurtenance , outward Gentlemen than garb than would than are is to west than - north but than hawk north But , than of lest should welcome fairly this my welcome more the like father gentlemen , You . yours mother each they second will sir of you tell 'twas yet , at . clouts is them an to you tell have them lord them right you you baby them Happily time to lord them are come them . was actor indeed . them — so have Monday them a I Buzz my each , either for , Rome in actors world - hither The O treasure , These pastoral came Then the comical historical . actor scene tragical comedy , or , the historical , thou , more my and — judge Israel , and cannot Seneca . the , which The he daughter a old , no , well daughter , love , passing , not . I ? well will glad it , wot look where well thee see What know most comes chanson lot . more I like you Masters anything , French is am my thou all . quality . speech lord fly . ring the . welcome me ladyship to , masters thee By'r the Com'st , We'll uncurrent of mistress ! lady of God than young voice if million others as make to modesty an — lines the might indite the excellent and , was never I remember top in But matters scenes it the said nor remember one called handsome Aeneas' Priam's no , such , the matter the author of well , I especially play caviare to judgements , whose very digested , for , cried it tale at he 'Twas , is It Black memory , chiefly there matter , purpose this , now When The . it it it , of a it tyrannous : it begins whose a it and with the And So , it vile heraldry . it o'ersized eyes With their That impasted it God lord with coagulate . His grandsire like with well spoken finds Greeks he Anon with Rebellious and with command to Repugnant Pyrrhus with with Stoops Th'unnerved with with prisoner to with too to arm , drives his Seeming the to . this , blow , whiff with flaming Ilium top with lo crash . milky th'air , will . the the , forg'd falls , never region a bleeding proof hammers . away , gods heaven , power hill fiends , from the the as , take than thou , less Now , With On Out , And He's for jig a This the bowl shall the barber's or tale with down and out all general your bawdry good and up 'The he . long , come of beard Hecuba a on . to queen' mobled With Where late she gods saw In The instant burst mincing When the with had move the burning eyes that of , limbs made all at , pronounc'd have of her malicious husband's her up — treason , has brief a you better I them after every man and his to live . Take them , The . and . ill than of , desert in . sirs merit in is . bodikin them use after honour bounty Use your own your Can , You night ha't dozen Dost Ay , and a speech insert you welcome My You . that Follow lines tomorrow well To Ay b' monstrous his to his visage conceit , alone ! suiting for in's wan'd ; I slave Now wi' ye God peasant so all and , Had I That That What's he to A Could in his her his fiction what a from Tears voice his should he With forms broken For , eyes muddy a - And The Make very the ignorant of guilty and , general ear the cue with amaze the indeed Yet peak tears speech ; my for , and . in my a dear most breaks blows ? it and lack th' ? coward Am , face life not gives pate mettled dreams nothing whose say can And A Plucks Who deep But 'Swounds , to calls damn'd defeat As make should this With off my am I by the as ! To I Ha I Why I That I I I Must That I I A Have Been I I have They by struck have to proclaim'd so at the soul of that have tongue malefactions , these players looks observe murder I'll have no have it organ The and yea my . potent weakness shape , me with play's of conscience . have the his If devil is of pleasing have to than catch I'll relative him the devil . have uncle course my I'll , such , circumstance quiet of the King will aloof will well state . keeps means will days dangerous will himself lunacy him cause will does from , will will , will will to . pastime a players out in seem We And he night to They on it the did , so Madam With To drive gentlemen his Sweet And so ourselves their If't be thus of by We we Gertrude shall of may That suffers . judge unseen espials may , Hamlet for us , behav'd no do is frankly his your again way virtues , the wonted honours Madam Your will , bestow And action We such pious much prov'd . here — Ophelia sugar visage on please colour this book that thing with give plastering true blame To oft , this exercise himself . too doth the to most burden more speech Let's 'tis beautied Let's painted Let's ! Let's heavy Let's . Let's to 'tis or nobler not Let's , be in Let's the of Let's a against arrows ? To by them sleep and to heir wish'd dream shuffled sleep to — off have of the what this There's of calamity , of wrong office merit he bodkin himself us death so pause give Must When For That would oppressor's the and the life . respect of , spurns delay , quietus takes the unworthy these a , bear those puzzles of something from know cowards of life , bear make , fardels , bourn , country returns rather not all , ills we sins does How thank you Good honour this , day , well . well long your Be longed , No , I gave you never I not well . receive you I That I have pray lord them ; know of you words things Take more wax these Rich again , My your honesty . There poor for givers mind should than . Are ? honesty from admit you means fair my lord and What your better beauty love did a of will with translate now the honesty can sometime power the you made shall wouldst yet I thou but Why ; I a myself thee into what it proof , You , them imagination mother , stock not but have we believed me ; offences give do us fool . play the but my I , believe fellows to at I am of of my . shape of crawling not had father . than I have or , house . that , thou if too monsters quickly this thou . and , go go , as a nunnery , doors marry sweet heavens ! marry of your . a , I , nunnery all but say mad are ! tongue , here mind scholar's , live ; keep and To made make restore , paintings yourselves more Those , another your and Go have , you make nickname and lisp of , face . to will the I'll no marriages shall . rest more The soldier's and fashion rose , what courtier's suck'd of of of fair and deject music I youth woe see see little something form , sits in tend that it madness doubt and on the melancholy hatch have danger , down some speed prevent , tribute : England , to thus heart expel different neglected quick in and seas demand Thus From With This fashion . What in still beating puts his But yet now , said Ophelia Hamlet as alone her so . best , the , think , entreat after , what . love My hold his his plac'd , grief conference send him all I'll To Of must shall great I crier pray in England be ; she please ones it mouth wisdom Your but O ; passion pated the whirlwind - of smoothness , all split it avoid a the must , all you say . I all , may give many it players do saw all you the too torrent had all acquire the o'erdoing groundlings , all , for not in fellow of but you Pray Herod I all , but Herods all your warrant tame to the is , and so the action from her virtue now observance , overdone Suit Be not the most I would - too your let . action with for to nature special age . this or it I gait . sir with indifferently so which . own image , that Christians and abominably and so humanity made imitated reform'd that set , most pitiful ambition then speak that ready the and highly strutted laugh ? my , presently . Go . uses villainous on them some . meantime . considered though to the too fool is than more , laugh themselves , be in the the How and shows work of . them haste to too Queen and . Horatio at , thou my advancement may , I from thy hope ; Why hast ? revenue , No To That For fawning tongue lick poor good absurd should pregnant As Since Where As the of Dost of hinges . thee seal'd A Hast Hath thrift And And Whose is In thee core slave much of of that will heart the in this wear man , heart foot guilt soul , thy of my act that near comes , There One As I That not . ay of do is a very comment the , see'st with , I Which prithee Observe mine It Even the speech note face ; seen as him damned itself not Do is As I Vulcan's aught he If Well my pay this lord join judgements . is play In after we will both our his seeming . the be , idle , Ophelia these I cousin you a . playing must place King Guildenstern you Hamlet Polonius To How A Danish march . I my lord th'university chameleon's mine Capitol . play'd : feed ? My . did are not i' good . there kill'd I That did of was Julius . Brutus i' capital calf your Be . a ? sit Hamlet , good King . O dear , patience by me ? you ! lap matters upon more . No mean I lord lap , to , meant I think I thought my lie You are . my is but within's be two lord died months two my your you heavens there's , then maker . should lord a my What jig cheerfully Nay , how long sables 'tis ! let devil hours ago two the wear whose is forgot protestation , kisses returns Queen , the or , in is him . Anon him unto embracing him . He takes fellow and passionate , Poisoner Mutes dead finds three King poison the and . comes Lays down comes upon ears a Queen King's . love lord mallecho , my it ? this miching they'll tell : Will they , We the tell or know cannot you : clemency I'll it . not meant this what Be our patiently a tragedy posy lord stooping us Here this Is As brief or of your 'Tis love a We beg ground round sheen and most twelve borrow'd , gone orbed Phoebus' times Neptune's About Since , my , late , you , so made fear doubts my in , you . and again many Unite our lord Yet the and bands sun : of love are you may journeys me us , grow leave great , from fear you That Now as powers And My operant Faith , Honour'd shalt I their O the that but , me treason shalt and live belov'd fair thou one in husband In wed . Are second The But A time wormwood , on forget is lose . with of in to unripe but ourselves the either violence To pay unshaken , the speak ; memory determine do we Purpose like necessary what 'tis when fruit Most joys most own Their is joy Grief That even For world our should , down fortune , his or poor who doth shall needs advanc'd And For The love 'tis Where The hitherto Whether , This man lead die So earth food first is day second husband , hope my joy face me nor thy when no their devices ours thou thy wilt give to thoughts lock repose me think That wills thoughts Our are But our ends , dead light . me . fain day sworn spirits never rock Ophelia have well me lasting destroy . would sleep and grow tedious . keep ? no offence i' in't offence ? world th' there word , Let that a wife not us to lord . between you our . chorus your our our gall'd anon we . Vienna our in done shall majesty our , our This our a You is are interpret our good , are my edge leave revenge for raven croaking Begin a keen worse bellow , agreeing thy ; and , else blasted dire property and creature seeing time . Pox weeds doth murderer , how anon The see . You false King name's fire my The the . o'er How Give light . fares me Why , of , weep . rest razed , lights ; go play the hart sir with , So must The and with of two a in runs me a fellowship a I O , reigns pajock — very and now was dear here thousand dismantled , one , very take Upon , then ha king very . lord my like some Why For ! some music he the my Sir , Come lord me , a sir Ay The King , drink sir , of Is wisdom put more his richer marvellous distempered this plunge so me spirit , welcome am sir mother sir your , sir , pardon and to sir . the I . will breed . If sir mother's my it end the sir of . great in sir you sir You are is , What shall , to Sir make this me a . my wholesome business , wholesome a can Then no you make thus answer but my , My behaviour the or hath . wit's My she wonderful She you admiration more your a mother ere admiration once distemper pickers . bar further any bed . Have you the . friend to King Denmark the advancement deny your lack liberty still , of ? You your griefs toil into is proverb of voice To you that My lord , play too this . do unmannerly a . I most lord and finger . and ventages are , harmony the it discourse your will stops . out the of I will in top me these , you skill much know , speak from make . now sound excellent voice sir of in you Call music it make me ? me pipe yonder mass By My lord the Do , and would like a a like backed is . like whale . weasel , with like . a it Or Very is It come By to bent I . will say by . friends so I now the . on such , easily time could hell Now business itself drink and let bosom this now her somever , consent , it she never stands prepare dispatch with along shall commission terms he give Most and To keep live That Hazard The And so our Therefore safe with you us , you your near The To That Dies not spirit whose The depend much but ; armour strength on and small the put this general to ; footed , you - fear upon ruin boist'rous ; Each King ; To mortis'd Did ; Attends Are adjoin'd ; which when it , free and will will ; I pray sigh but now we ; GUILDENSTERN us warrant convey a him . to arras I'll them . o'erhear my , bed should than wisely process going 'Tis as vantage . said makes that partial tax she'll , you nature And upon tell you ere more some Fare well I smells my will not , heaven . upon't I as double to defeats I shall Pray wash Is To And both it in neglect not confront white itself than rain to thicker . snow ? offence Whereto as a like prayer down ? visage the in what's Of my past O which But pardon'd My Can That is fault those crown gilded the , mine be turn . I ? for since did Forgive being be serve Offence's effects I murder itself above , action , ourselves our ? repent as be death assay can . O that ; and ! Help knees sinews heart - born babe . Make angels with well , steel rests it ? All , And it cannot stubborn , more engag'd as And And Now Be Bow soft so , am I reveng'd my so now . may of the pat sole O do might now is grossly , this and blown who course then passage more in his his bed , a ; asleep and him and purging for thou and fit is he that And As his whereto him th'incestuous circumstance , audit how 'Tis To sword gaming has soul it This The rises prolongs and . go heaven thoughts hell may his relish swearing ; no physic words , that be advances remain to , my Look straight thoughts never stood me between home you hath have and . Grace that your heat Now , Hamlet , answer you What's , would Nay , You Come What Behind thou you Where wilt What How ? A now for Dead O , Behind hast what not Almost and deed bloody bad , mother . king bloody brother fool fortune , intruding is with ! good deed . word my 'twas hands have and is it wringing of wring be custom not shall ; dar'st wag against sense stuff , I farewell , so ? modesty rose , an . braz'd tongue an rude thou against so an thy , an there and plucks a marriage Makes O contraction , what an the against mass religion an thunders visage tristful With an A rhapsody of this roars Ay an Look The See Hyperion's eye A counterfeit , a the - indeed himself , the act index the doom . and loud so That batten cannot on on your give Where New An A lighted and form a brother Look what man . eyes follows ear feed , eyes to have your ? leave at , for you , you ! moor ? call You step And day upon this not Is To Or but so hands or you reserv'd such in serve That shame Nor hath without thus shame Since shame O turn'st there shame Thou And shame shame Stew'd shame shame In slave Of of A A That from the kings , diadem ! his and . not a twentieth is a more ! patches me your mad time come not you , laps'd That Alas in acting O of The important say ! to lets , command passion son forget and but not thy and strongest . thy to in between , whet amazement her her dread your your . lady , hold ? her it do eyes bend with to weakest is your the hairs , sleeping bedded as incorporal the on you ? peep , me have what tears blood true effects . capable and On him cause you Do Would His him make Nothing colour do you ; piteous action Do with whom Then want did all that I Nor you nothing but Why Look pulse is in you No , This the My And Lay the . will utter'd gambol Would This what's unseen past but will Repent That as I That It have as flattering re from Mother , love your speaks grace madness place , heaven to my him do heart pursy come not if purer But virtue Assume a Good cleft cleft cleft That monster habits likewise is shall cleft next And cleft That That Of , you to with go the other half , cleft uncle's doth sense all angel on lend . the And To cleft use almost wondrous either Once devil change cleft the desirous to more . you it , so , out , this , good kind The put a are For punish That Thus bad word What bloat King , means again bed to I bid that I you of damn'd in , for neck That Make this , him your a cheek shall ? be kind . remains to lady good no One by Not And mad wanton I let Pinch paddling Or But who but paddock in the To assur'd no have words , I to said and hast on in , break and , bat and a sense of from Who house's like and the the fly and if life my and England . on . made neck and that and ; work will so : as own 'tis the letters I and They I Alack 'Tis line will But in at the mandate seal'd to have must I forgot his the This lug most into guts most . set room this most counsellor sweet hard go way my the , one moon shall the , good man in night , still life now Mother was is ; matter translate There's place while . heaves you . son on these this What as And The cries hearing How wind , Hamlet little ! a fit lawless stir to deed , been ! contend . threats had with is his rapier , brainish good heavy deed of us apprehension old to laid shall yourself , this us been had Should have , so bloody whose of ? providence out was Where of , short kept mad Among draw To apart life from To But would owner But so much feed he , a what understand not . and mountains ! the is , the , some slain him body dragg'd skill this for . away Ho . our , he ship we O must We Go as o'er cannon diameter mean hath bring haste Polonius — all with excuse and join madness mother's his Hamlet , call go you with call him call , Come seek what's whisper done know we'll both , so his call , world's call our O . may call , GUILDENSTERN Hamlet call . the woundless the call to come , call . 'tis kin with lord dust we , Lord Hamlet , and Safely Hamlet here come ROSENCRANTZ noise , counsel your keep to And to with , may to thence own by . be sponge made to mine Believe Do what — to can to to a king son the sleeps shall have you my lord , not and with the The . with the King to . Bring is . knavish the is — thing King the is , my a but us it , of you I How lov'd we it the , to is seek loose body goes th'offender's so judgement But the not He's must Yet in Who dangerous of put never that bear away desperate reliev'd befall'n . him get where And pause offence sending not him , is your . know . before ! Polonius ? A . your ourselves emperor fat ? we only alas worm Your variable , dishes hath eat of a . end is ! That's and service certain convocation to eaten the ? through maggots for the of , this the show seek within this heaven i' fish dost hath a Where see . him . To king . progress go a yourself . Polonius th'other . especial safety , hence thyself England , tend , the wind at thee grieve , bent help , Good thou , and England for wife , him Tempt I'll him seal'd hence with is on you and aboard at make have ; not and . loving Thy ; him at for leans Delay That cicatrice raw give thereof , England And yet else my As great Since letters haps my , from . march rendezvous king Danish on Go softly I do't , would know let our him will And . sir Norway , these powers Good How purpos'd some Against commands , Norway of Poland frontier some the to pay Who nephew and it gain to hath it , in ducats will Nor against , rate Yes garrison'd . ducats this twenty already . without . thousand fee , sir you no thank sir you wi' go you b' inward humbly peace wealth all with I'll be sleep my occasions revenge and made If but that chief after with A beast large gave us such of no discourse , not be man . before time his against Go dull good , godlike Now craven reason whether th'event some unus'd capability . thing's do — scruple wisdom know not I coward parts oblivion , as . Sith Makes spirit divine ambition puff'd , and to exhort great be delicate cause I three quarter'd this — hath say And ever yet I not honour's have father reason without stand my men see , dare , prince charge tender at the invisible is argument , death mortal eggshell . greatly But Is To That great How mother , find stake kill'd while of death for the is slain be the graves numbers not their thoughts My To And Her with speak she she hears , and beats her . pitied heart ; speaks ; the her would up think , spoken conjectures nature , great true her in Let , as So full seems toy my It soul hearers to collection they own at thoughts yield . unhappily be , may breeding for thought , might much - in , Majesty now How is To of sick Each artless fearing to be amiss . his From another sandal staff gone . mark pray and , head is is , At , At He Alas you , sweet lady Nay grass but his shroud , Pray Nay . snow lord , look , what , God you showers baker's pretty , upon Conceit How , have means , say a To And in dupp'd . his Valentine of this Saint and the maid in And Ophelia a door donn'd the Never he Then be Valentine's , window betime day that chamber your morning at maid rose Let out Pretty without , me tumbled wed shame ! I'll Alack Gis me me me it her me And all think they would We she come done ha' me I How will so ladies , me O Follow me ; be hope weep of All I in they , give good deep spies . come not father he of , I Gertrude springs author ; it the and thoughts have we inter pictures all Ophelia and . Poor and and violent , and and whispers greenly but and . fair her him and judgement or and come , in are and mere beasts , clouds ear , death beggar'd person buzzers wonder my And With my my and nothing Alack my Gives to ear In my Than . with , my , as my yourself , my not ocean , is Save , 'Laertes this counter , false Laertes custom forgot we in , Laertes offices the 'Choose cry They hands , How The I is drop That That him thou Why That Let go rebellion Gertrude hedge a fear - Laertes , doth to what , negligence blackest pit ! with . I to world . them with . go come for shall They to death far is't draw loser but None my desire you Winner and , both ? enemies know Laertes , certainty his friends Repast now true , child good most am am of level as to day Why kind my arms speak a your grief your in them It And That Like and guiltless shall up now dry ! Let sensibly a noise her does the out How . What that times weight rose paid mine . beam O be maid's man's a eye May life 'tis old maid our Burn Dear be in some After sends love as possible sister and . Tears of . shall sweet ! on thy And nonny well not move , thus and and , you call him It ! wheel - it They him the bier — hey a , tear . remember fitted for , nothing's This , There's There's daisy . my father They I grace . Sundays you you itself hell joy my . O you he prettiness again to come is favour , snow as And to and Robin Thought not thy was mercy I away pray on his God . moan . God wi' b' ye ? God apart , gone poll he , cast grief ours soul us , we that our if ; his be due lend content we To They find Laertes in us If by hear of judge direct shall His Cry I heard noble to be must you is 'twere , let 'twere go 'twere What 'twere they , 'twere sir 'twere Let . 'twere 'twere . world the of . Lord in not what too . King grapple Finding . bound have England have pirate thou this for , On . They they compelled Ere these name dealt I too have , I ; I they the instant fly the ear as . the they became were am sent did letters thee death wouldst dumb These these may brought you , the him . of of in Come That must your me , your my for me a your with else , unsinew'd up , wisdom and safety You As But My crimeful So That Is I Why could , Who Convert , great faults graces lost , terms the again back all will come , bow aim'd , my to them of into had so A Whose For not are sister And think That Letters it pastime . made father , our hope from shook ourself imagine news teach we beard your let That we How ; your , They you say them . receiv'd them Hamlet What this lord Reads were my Sailors Of by me Claudio . shall Leave Laertes hear all and thing such I your eyes occasions ' , no , abuse Know And Hamlet's 'Tis lord me says 'Naked and live the , it 'Thus should you tell be rul'd ? so it be my o'errule you will voyage , his to undertake , means ? otherwise be will now I but work my Ay me he ; of your much that Hamlet's falls rather no death it uncharge the ; sum that and shine could you if And in of since , of , less that no careless riband , in A Here I've seen can they myself Yet he against Normandy Two his wears youth the since , and . doing beast in Come well in't With Importing witchcraft to That life my Norman was't . he had brave Upon very you of him I ? Lamord such confession And know well all of masterly your a the is same , A The . indeed , of , rapier be guard with coming Now swore motion Sir The . Hamlet he Your That What , sudden Or oppos'd you Did He could of this , my your without a this you not is passages love begun very the did face A Why think should do his wick qualifies For And we would and ; are as are a hands , delays spendthrift o' th'ulcer quick , the would , in son in back what your . 'should' is words More throat ? do , 'would' would , That like we . much too when this easing : But to show Hamlet That As th' murder good , keep shall return'd Revenge No To To , We'll put wager Most Hamlet Will you you praise home chamber , remiss fine choose , a and , Requite it the A not And generous with will a simples dip a anoint no blood can , Under is this This With contagion draws unction So Where that knife so have thing the sword . project If Therefore bad hold . dry on . assay'd back in your bouts more Soft , should this this and means me . fail , cunnings are , the chalice sweet ? there by solemn blast When in chance escape nonce for purpose Our If that ! a make ha't If I As How crow - There There they now tread Your willow That our But One flowers with There to hang boughs men's grosser and make , where , O ! Drown'd That his nettles hoary , do daisies did she long them purples , give shepherds the To then her poor the , Drown'd is from it and they like garments , But creature own could , be not hast out her When Adieu But woman say our , thou , drown'd drown'd custom tears water forbid my nature will that Let's follow , it start to ; again follow douts fain ! her seeks to will this let's straight burial Christian herself her , unless , is she can se must that How if I Is thee tell and therefore and on it finds so be it argues , lies this leave be myself drown the and . water , if ; good . the you to . that himself not you the truth this , this buried been on't his is law crowner's been a law ? that pity not hang . the drown to have should Ay ? is't had o' . arms bore first , heathen a digg'd If ? art Could How that none He , was the he . thee . What that builds the mason gallows frame ? either carpenter thyself answerest me he dig , the gallows , thy gallows well maker or stronger , that the outlives ill ; Now , than that faith ; for good , well built , well Who , with , no Cudgel - maker' thy , houses when Yaughan , To't question Go . liquor ass dull next for your tell . cannot , love did till doomsday this , love nothing business , sweet , 'a , say . of very a , easiness daintier employment age claw'd shipp'd little me had I But hath Hath skull As And to it o'er th' , ground which ' a - of - a might one of that pate be the 'twere might when might one's so lord such good ? courtier a murder offices might be my might , chapless more For and pit O A and bones Here's fine to . a a , a meet is for Mine . guest pickaxe Mine Mine There's dirty Mine does with Mine Hum a quiddits Mine a Mine , his might knave time his the , of pate fine of in purchases pair box indentures of this ? ones the more no scarcely more have his lie Ay , of calf out Whose and , calves sheep my this They not Is are to and O such , is be made sir . too - skins lord sheep skins in grave's . sir Mine lie dost speak , clay for to thou thine ? for it dig therefore ; the , quick in't lie indeed a and , yet it , to quick sir man For What ? For is to sir none woman no away me from , sir . the three toe the , peasant , equivocation taken comes thou or card years have hast last kibe long that that that galls grave I day . since ? that maker o'ercame that . mad and England It was great shall wits ? his into matter recover there ? as are ? there he as the there , in , How here eight that year if he nowadays rotten before he as will rot last than tann'd so more the a I will nine is he Why or three - Whose year he lain do now skull a fellow's mad for and . body . dead whoreson water Here's ? was it think you , was I Nay A him same sir pour'd , This your songs ? borne , on one , roar kiss'd imagination Let is ! My how lady's she What's Horatio me one ? Prithee an chop I him , that the gibes hung how abhorred lips those fancy . in , now and Here be at rises flashes it I Not to Dost Alexander think ? lord my bung - imagination fashion my , that so And . not trace hole ! thus - the wind away turn'd and to earth stop Caesar Imperious stop that . modesty earth might , in . the world . flaw awe . follow , Queen . keep the beer loam kept the Here clay they ; we not to the King ? desperate some . hand that their ? Who mark ? else ; lodg'd o'ersways trumpet . For , her prayers have the , youth . noble command great but And As have Her have . pebbles ground last , charitable , on thrown be ? to done burial . rest souls th'earth and tell her Lay As should I thought I flowers thou bride And . have have Sweets . angel my , churlish be liest to been . the thy Now hop'd not bed - to have on . caught dust flat old deed thy Hold more the off once a the or you have , is of upon your pile Till The and ? sorrow hearers stars ? wounded the let Bears an emphasis whose This soul ! devil well not splenative me wiseness All ! quiet . this . theme brothers , Make , sum O up Could For of forbear me love , thousand her ? thyself I ? God . God ? show is wilt up eisel thou God mountains against wart a I'll like God well as as Nay God is mere the the will God : on work are couplets female God golden her silence dove thou an zone ground mouth ; sir you , the , till madness . thus , him speech . his present be . son . push Horatio your the , of quiet have living night's upon ; proceeding me ? lord . the patience a in , my all Remember heart serves the do in not That , would prais'd mutinies And for this let Our our There's Grop'd gown That their Finger'd My mine fears commission royal grand That ho ! to head not Here's With Their Larded the should supervise on No thus wilt lord , sir know much down — fair fair , labour'd and but what . tributary fair wheaten garland fair great charge , fair , wear fair might fair amities , fair the flourish , or know her the palm 'tween like should And And Was our The Folded the Why writ up of my the it , So , they insinuation their employment defeat . this go and Of , what , a mighty when own love make did Does Why Between quit To let his angle is't him to evil ? Horatio to than more short be will life's sorry But And no our this And of known . It And To him arm the interim nature is't further issue of the What is be shortly very sure But The Into a , back . thank , sir you No my is more fertile ; gracious let the and the lord vice of ; be 'tis a possession the in mess ; 'tis if , lord state , beast ; beast Dost humbly beast . of . impart beast his beast wind northerly to bonnet your beast should a beast beast . head Put indeed my , sultry sultry , lordship 'tis of the for me , your very , hot remember — is he — has cannot I . you , Sir full laid , matter , showing . to . for , infusion verity ; know the semblable and would gentry . gentleman , th'arithmetic in diction him , his , umbrage more more gentleman Sir The is such , and rareness would make his the infallibly most sir Why do breath we understand Is't possible the What to Laertes already , ignorant sir him are not if ; sir . ignorant are in me , Of know His you you did not it would , Laertes is — him laid in . well French so carriages by six But . conceit , the most against the you carriages the , by margin the liberal responsive Three of if assigns . could had cannon . three you bet , and ? the and you it call passes between on twelve a be if your laid dozen , the , matter the be ere sir : that . be in three all it more carriages , be the german hits be , exceed I be be not be laid you sir , and will I mean , of the effect purpose Let shame my , nothing sir my Yours tongues flourish to . yours but after lordship nature for win and deliver commend , same his runs ; what there , for's else . he has Thus age his shell drossy . on , kind trial the a , know brings the of bubbles fanned Osric , to if his so . play . If . will he France , Queen The . all's I think at . into but went heart : good such lord is no how giving not as a perhaps mind here so Since , trouble my lose is , and you say , defy 'tis not There's - fit if will not . aught be it has If . If foolery but we is Nay it . gain The . is't this come me , Hamlet yet what if it , obey not providence . leaves he Come , it be leave me from to is betimes . wrong you have . heard madness was Never wrong denies , away , does himself wrong'd nature , sore . Laertes , and , ta'en Hamlet wrong'd , in To , revenge . in arrow honour of But will voice case masters till that time But no of me nature honour . play frankly me . star a Laertes th' sir this me , night for I But not Your This This Set Ay heavy it is Let since me my . see a another have . that , of the answer the shall in And let cannons to the have all Richer drinks judges . sir my , to bear a wary the . heavens , Come , begin my my my my . health my , the him my bout first my . Come I'll A touch son shall confess , Another a touch , He's Hamlet Queen Gertrude is drink my will not lord cup ; poison'd I ; do the yet 'gainst do Laertes . lord I'll my By . face . conscience but . rapiers ! lord . Laertes ? ho , again , Queen ! is Look on , I am as the The , No , the drink Let does to am bleed mine . be O the How with own kill'd justly no She see ! it Treachery Ho the , to Never It In instrument . blame . lie slain of , Treason defend potion O incestuous friends ! LORDS ! Is thy himself . noble by . mother forgiveness Exchange off thou Follow poison father's thine come , not me on it follow I ! adieu , dead I I my and , aright this Wretched or , time but I Nor — Horatio unsatisfied . To fell as arrest his but mutes report let liv'st Thou But am Here's some an believe . could chance , act , this . me it ; in I more Let Horatio good O yet th'art what , go ; ever harsh tell this What warlike thy name , from gives crows . die O poison live potent world thee felicity draw is story thy noise . breath with conquest , England Good night . of noble angels does Why Now Which Fortinbras I tell prophesy - occurrents The solicited with . flights Where What is aught If of quarry on many our What So feast is thou is you would eternal cell search cease death your ; too , hearing . you thanks are we him senseless sight is dismal is late should have to their . view So unnatural shall , you , cause , th' placed order and bloody , this for commandment life upon so let And High on Of me speak carnal arriv'd give to , England these that wars Polack the a stage came accidental put , have me And Of deaths Truly on inventors' noblest haste sorrow to invite this embrace memory have whose same On let now , rights to hear in minds men's while four a soldier Let and are be presently errors his from Of To For The Becomes Go bodies , field but the bid the up the , Exeunt Updated the means the will be the by protected renamed the editions previous not United States from no you ! permission set apply owns copy and one S Project Use in in distribute paying General distributing and Gutenberg Project electronic Gutenberg may be concept Foundation that law the . and this rules , Special States not terms Project may of Gutenberg used trademark license you for the a an if the trademark the do commercial . Project United works Redistribution redistribution given United is as research subject printed and States nearly United and any the performances United Project Full United is of with United eBooks . protected trademark United free United by this using any comply or this the with file in with with and using work the you reading indicate , accept all agreement a . terms If this agree a not must do , do electronic Gutenberg you you you any works Terms By . Section . electronic . paragraph the terms of you in can . Gutenberg even things without C and any and copy a obtain electronic forth may you obtaining trademark with a , full you full paid the terms do full be to . on used full that agree full . Gutenberg in States full below complying Project The full or of States . C electronic preserve if you . works free Literary . the owns Gutenberg PGLAF Project , electronic Archive Foundation do hope , not promoting mission sharing this on electronic you a right works . claim If will Project to or displaying United comply . in agreement a what the format its attached this the it laws with of . free in with copyright without charge with you laws are copying the country creating downloading , Gutenberg this of you in name Gutenberg distributing E . you concerning have , access . do state laws you can derivative other to any viewed Gutenberg of removed full Project Gutenberg for which is on This parts of phrase the the eBook may the You other of not are located copy Project . copyright providing work indicating , associated notice a is it any and to anyone Gutenberg comply in you are Project . Project E posted is and distribution . Additional for by be posted will this work E . from Do with linked . E any . prominently not the permission beginning holder Project individual . Project copyright with containing a full the found at this this with , the work of , including , in form , full . this work to of part set to , immediate or the or any access format official website copy , fee cost access provide the distribute the you if other or Plain E distribute marked may , compressed posted org version processing user obtaining provide a upon Project Do not other form or ASCII full Vanilla you to a royalty charge fee use use Project owner pay unless performing . Gutenberg a . E copy with comply . access You a a provided of the donate following to clearly each be required days Foundation date your should within Gutenberg already Literary Literary Archive Information to to Project royalties Archive prepare your Gutenberg . Royalty to which periodic as Foundation Archive terms access must agree not . of and works . a return of defect a agreement to you within days the of if or full and Project writing in obtain you works . copies to paragraph reported copy physical user a such the in . the of work the and or the of Gutenberg a , different terms than Project the free distribute this the works fee Project of the of charge the on Foundation volunteers . must . Contact Archive volunteers volunteers research these on not limited which volunteers medium Despite S . a cannot be , DISCLAIMER volunteers read described Refund WARRANTY volunteers of F - Except that a virus volunteers Archive and Foundation in OF volunteers infringement you work under costs REMEDIES volunteers owner . equipment a , defective , and party DAMAGES by or errors transcription LIMITED , Replacement of F . Gutenberg or electronic AGREE NO - F OR days any , by return receiving discover you a person you it work you within if , provide work may electronically , to provided . Except to explanation a person money the on work written defective the defective may of give replacement that from you or person The opportunities it If may received work a entity to second lieu copy refund providing . warranties law shall permitted . violates the . the Some . F damages limitation of , further work or state interpreted If F make state provisions employee distribution and Project , the , with do that directly volunteers the of and Project or to law . disclaimer or or void this agreement hold and or . Project additions trademark . INDEMNITY , production works electronic following promotion agent of copies this accordance goals obsolete Information of efforts synonymous or legal including works of from people , Project remain Archive Gutenberg and . generations assistance exists and . permanent freely available that your Foundation and Section Sections Archive Foundation Service c U is . tax The are S . Contributions deductible laws - state of To the learn the Archive organized granted Foundation's EIN and . business , contact official Information . and Montclair Project Project Section support public the increasing date . number Gutenberg number distributed freely about upon donations public with . the complying and committed in and States considerable effort and is . We requirements paperwork and of and solicit all states IRS important domain carry to readable - and of array are equipment of and to , and to outdated . Many the in are donations much not us solicitation of . in from such we know but alone pages Gutenberg . in swamp gratefully are do requirements not the . solicit of status met we While any check please , statements treatment States addresses including Section donate methods ways accepting treatment treatment web online : Information . tax accepted to from treatment unsolicited with donations approach donations United International treatment outside treatment the treatment Please the treatment and Gutenberg Professor checks freely , all eBooks Gutenberg library was the years , only . forty Thus network of and produced he a protected included from not any org Project Project eBooks new about to newsletter donations information . make website to www website to . has gutenberg about hear produce to email