, King ! the live Stand me Long Stand Nay Stand Stand and Who's Stand Stand Stand Stand Stand The rivals . ho . night Dane . ground this Stand , good night make haste there . is . Marcellus ? tonight . nothing appear'd . night , it . your , tush Tush us we against again fortified Sit With once down our this seen . story ears , And let sit yond When same Had Peace break , then Look where myself it the , speak ; that thou In ? the fair of I offended thee buried heaven and . speak . charge ! speak 'Tis Horatio You than How Stay Is , gone now not Of the sensible and eyes . true this avouch had the like very to armour thyself : he combated in an thou th'ambitious once he With But now Good , This So And Dar'd to Thereto side slay For Sunday His Hath gaged our vanquisher of in't stomach As hath For Of in the skirts of a unimproved , mettle Shark'd But And his and a food Norway , Now That Hamlet , to lawless here resolutes enterprise it take preparations this , of appear is state and watch other figure the in e'en but this so the palmy and the mote it was I sort the to high most That The graves the sick influence sun trains and Roman ; demonstrated on countrymen . it Stay comes fates the omen climatures ! behold thou hast it Have to and heaven prologue even Was almost ; As Upon But soft , Unto it , though preceding our there cross If , me me thy Speak , or . good to me . life , where to thing to country's , me thy walk in , stand ! being majestical , heard warning , comes morn the have to herein cock probation truth , or earth in air season the of crowing the that say on our dawning say of takes are bird Wherein wholesome nor gracious is no to all birth , they The then This Break But So o'er the dumb we find our us my will acquaint this and Attendant know , Where Laertes , Hamlet Cornelius To The bear our be contracted with we With Now Holding this affair equal wife along , young of know all our with of lands those us pester his out our freely dirge dropping weighing nor Fortinbras frame message advantage all this valiant most by our father with by thinking state this disjoint and bonds here , all suppress hears , of . have purpose bed nephew's herein - to personal more allow commend we . your than articles haste VOLTEMAND show . scope power the . Laertes , is't news nothing CORNELIUS all your , it , speak instrumental more be not head the What That lose cannot hand throne not voice Than is The whence I now Your From To must my and wishes confess bow you your I give ; from . go , you still ? kind on the less leave last leave ; time it , kin clouds too hang Denmark sun much i' colour on lids . must dust . thee not know mother , I . breath , good seems , grief seem indeed of play woe . persevere survivor and a term and 'Tis . But a unmanly and and father , his and sorrow do In A and 'Tis To you lost and and these commendable mourning , lost obligation your to and for is , obsequious will incorrect unschool'd thing our , whose common a to , nature earth , to us take son , go Hamlet . you her us pray I gentle This But Sits the King's great Why as thee stay with all unforc'd Be unforc'd that unforc'd O self the resolve too unforc'd Come bruit clouds shall shall again , unforc'd , today of , whereof Hamlet unforc'd unforc'd this : unforc'd two not to come to ! gross should not ! was and it things fie an in ! earth heaven my winds and mother world this 'tis the Oh seed . beteem That ! a dead — beteem nay ; so him beteem on — beteem beteem body , discourse married more like with beteem a unrighteous most in . flushing beteem most of — that beast Hercules left beteem longer God Would O brother wants ere followed no A ! Niobe what it fed on't , father's With She not , nor it I cannot sheets to hold salt ; all mourn'd O to come my , My , the yet to forget , my good poor lord well ever , myself . my you , And I'll change even sir Wittenberg good , you lord my say Good , own that your , from ? no Elsinore you father's ere in drink is I truster make yourself what ear my of are deep it shall Nor I not it my me , know see ? truant you your affair your fellow wedding . meats heaven . my dearest forth Horatio , my follow'd funeral tables bak'd hard lord met had father my ; look He was mind's , was he I , eye , lord My a him My to for King ! had these let and middle on , of their Barnardo waste encounter'd at Appears slow and Armed Within Form Where hands are upon they , comes . each These apparition the In dumb , and speak secrecy And I , The lord , not it it head , none : I speak platform the like morning shrunk . our in down honour'd think , live did indeed you Arm'd Arm'd , top We From to toe Both my to from his face ? tonight watch the he , yes he Pale he What O he he he he he constantly ? you upon been ? long hundred a it you tell might and , I Not Longer one It it 'twill silver'd seen have sable will father's should . person again tonight , saw't when grizzled . His was I though though though Give be an though it tenable my have me to it though I'll you loves though . 'twixt else Let though And though , And Hold that of in a primy trifling the and , A Forward Hamlet The perfume No in permanent suppliance and youth of not nature lasting minute , sweet a the it his blood ; toy of , No . a ? as this and loves grow , depends ; circumscrib'd state be says far which Then . your in main the his fits the Unto May Or Fear it Ophelia his credent loss of wisdom must therefore And he If of heart if of he is ; so of particular voice saying of deed or your list of you Denmark your of ear it and of lose If The unmask itself most , heart of . to As Show like not shall my as the Do me Whilst Himself I long O Occasion Laertes here wind sits are you Yet Look friends unto not But each entrance - to new Grapple Of do , ear th'opposed censure purse can buy , not gaudy : thee . judgement man and in , chief station . that ; and , true . nor ; nor : nor rank the nor of nor lender a both , follow must nor borrowing dulls blessing nor to false the thine nor as this night leave my take season in , your servants tend . Hamlet me late yourself . honour the up and made . green many your so yourself , I truth . them , lord sterling , Of Pooh ! Affection I Which That I'll are Marry you not lord may In you , Running Or , My given fashion When the more promise not Than parley . a a I , as , than : how , burns to springes With And , the Even Lends their And given his that But The Have of As I Look to't I bites . your moment , any for all : is words nipping hour an is , very it and now air shrewdly twelve . then It struck eager . the to . reels ; takes and , doth wake triumph drains the his and - of tonight this mean and it marry , mind Ay The I is born headed revel drunkards our us honour'd to the And From wherein birth their As Since nature breaking By down habit , of vicious some cannot oft achievements traduc'd and us clepe The of of of of of Oft The of virtues of of Bring Angels From , lord his my airs speak hearsed the why ; cerements their canoniz'd , father thy we quietly and marble , answer but death sepulchre What again may in glimpses corse the his up So night Revisit'st That why , Say beckons beyond this It you Wherefore the again ! ponderous this mean , souls nature steel ? we ? it desire courteous ground . it ? fear . my cliff form , the summit his assume deprive into place brain sea it sea the the flood dreadful toward immortal follow it . lord you And And on , go shall fate as I hardy the Unhand me , am a away , Nemean By desperate not ; waxes is . with on of him that thee obey . him ? go Mark will . me , poor , Must I up is sulph'rous not , shall unfold . serious thy . hear forbid , house that in confin'd term father's spirit , the my But , fires fast combined and up the foul purg'd and crimes ; soul knotted Thy thy Make To foul most Revenge thou God most foul , Murder father list stand , must not porpentine But List most this ever ! his ! to As thou in thou Wouldst or I , as apt thee in that ; stung stir me not serpent 'Tis And May I That itself rots , the Now on than be this by Is given his ; his did know that his serpent his Now his youth , his , his never poor , his have that adulterate — his power the decline , morning . afternoon the within the my on in it a link'd , heaven bed , stole ; did of effect courses through man radiant a as shape a in of And porches in The Holds swift as with , hebenon cursed leperous juice me soft But With Upon my secure thy orchard My custom the enmity quicksilver and an whose vial pour blood it such natural and The That gates , a And lazar Thus And curd wholesome my So droppings blood instant sleeping queen a body tetter . vile bark'd the in made O hast not howsoever not But aught royal and pursu'st nor her soul this : hand at of sent dispatch'd sin once , be well thee matin his pale Remember . of O ! And And all Adieu the 'gins - worm to adieu I stiffly the sinews the And the her thorns to glow those the and shows sting . Fare uneffectual , ghost the forms copied trivial table up , the the , the , O fie instant , else ? seat , not Remember heart ; of alone all poor bear In Yea , distracted me . holds a ! all there ; past shall my by ! word Denmark , to may MARCELLUS my Hamlet and HORATIO . my secure be , ho it ! So . Lord . Within , bird ho boy , How is't my lord noble Within ho ? it tell , Nor my I you'll . lord . man ? it reveal you I you'll HORATIO , would There no he's arrant my . once ? secret all from right . knave . circumstance are grave , part point at this lord my But ne'er a an dwelling us i' business shake whirling and you they as hold And You I ; that Look wild , offence you and and — my . lord , Horatio , tell between let us . and , scholars poor . lord . is vision me now is , is't As is And by Saint too O'ermaster't you For as you . me soldiers good And Never known What lord , my , upon my lord faith truepenny ? thou the this We ha boy under . there on Come sayst the Cries to Swear Beneath . ground . heard sword hither this that . friends so my gentlemen , upon my by you have th'earth and I soe'er earth heaven stranger your in as night but philosophy . But — me this disposition hereafter antic times or of such an odd , a or dreamt shall bear on , we , come myself , and and they note phrase shake , shall never your your your , your man a I love rest your , your shall And your his love With your Rest , your I was , set go to it together , notes . Reynaldo to money do shall You Of visit him my good , inquiry ; keep , sir they finding , nearer his well may , well ; Reynaldo 'not so none ; take wanton I , you very on he's heed , and , and ; rank put of ; Ay — know in him if't Addicted What To As that . liberty . most lord ? swearing far so him on , may it another My no my they that lord Quarrelling , would go may a unreclaimed good . general my lord , but as , Faith must put : meaning he breathe taints of quaintly fiery may flash A But blood mind this know would of , 'Good sir The By the , What about the 'I know consequence' 'gentleman the ay or gentleman ! to say Where about he , and . or falsehood Videlicet By by my my Shall My I Or then Your And you God wi' , fare you . music his Farewell lord my him my in my name in I what , the my my my . have my what's , with as my my , hat as To As his Pale No if speak , loosed in each me ? What not of ; and hand said held purport . mine his ; he of and go me , his lets , his without , the seek . turn'd light , love his over his he bended I Whose That And As , have as will property passion I hard natures . under fordoes me without me King ecstasy the violent to desperate of will letters me denied , did . and he fear'd him judgement opinions my heed him not And discretion , in to younger to close . move but jealousy our , King . to Rosencrantz and utter ourselves proper our we the sort to kept much dream death I inward it , be put up young you thus nor so nor it his father's th'exterior , th'understanding . so rest by so being I draw much as to him , To That little on time to from And of so of since That vouchsafe aught your us occasion our there are good such with gentry , I whom To more adheres two he much receive shall and so within lies men us will king's majesties into to Than your up ourselves both , at the . power entreaty your full feet freely service our give the Put We Both As , be commanded bent , obey gentle instantly Go gentlemen too Thanks , To and where him is . Guildenstern . you . my lord , news brain have else King soul good liege gracious sure of : in great feast them grace tells sweet , hath th'ambassadors long to hear I Give fruit to and them that queen , your sift o'erhasty him marriage main but to that ; the my is our it doubt The Thyself head all shall , Upon But was Was his your levies nephew's sickness borne against look'd Highness , he truly to into , His To give ; he hand Norway , in rebuke vow th'assay Whereon That so , and joy more never against ; in sends and age uncle his which , falsely On such With an are consider'd business read we'll ; well this - well upon for night took time down we'll home more your at , we Answer Through might regards And rest Most business This at . ended feast together likes . what , night soul son . mad define that be ; But to Your , matter That Your he pity Your Madam Your Your rather Your , 'tis , 'tis for true true use Your pity no foolish art . then Your cause cause defective and have , the whilst , I obedience , I and thus I . of of I defect , I Ophelia is I I , vile I be . phrase Hamlet , to love a these at doubt sun stars her a 'beautified' , most is his above obedience in more All And As most I , man you hath receiv'd ? ear by given , hath by time to , tell might , you on might think , wing you and book think what I my my the me a No And Or must This What might look'd think As That done Thence And Which 'Lord you to Do you time Hath That It , sadness , And madness think wherein very , said positively a may be , I'd fain ? for by into this into now . so ' , raves likely this been I me if When . be though I hid hours indeed otherwise walks lead , centre indeed does loose he I'll you Be the where him presently O you Away beseech , does , I'll God do , Well ? leave reading . fishmonger lord are my so were well You , you I Not I my world honest Then sir would , as of ten true in breed very lord ? is goes thousand you I , sun conceive harping fishmonger my is for extremity . Still . my . a — much . my you do . lord . gone He on . but not as Yet to't he , grey lord , words youth in I'll this . speak Words I ; sir yet I hold not old it which are satirical that you my a , is my ? air grave , madness be go , honesty backward , if most powerfully set of , lack I am there , from me except , my well Fare most life will more that I except . my life . part fools , anything my . my lord there sir . he ; Lord to ! lord lord , you , the not we we children how of soles her , waist , parts the Fortune ? lord , but , doomsday particular is good not news you the news , is have , near None secret of Then Fortune goodly are one being Denmark one then thinking , your ambition makes We you ; think space could infinite God , Why , then to makes . good of substance . quality is and outstretch'd I that For and , to Shall our and , ambitious Truly . such like honest friendship man you upon you court ? most you dreadfully of . reason th' so ambition airy and light , am wait We'll sort thanks no dear free occasion . I . not Come speak visitation ; a a my say . for You purpose . inclining with , good King end , there . modesties ; too poor friends anything . But confession of you fellowship you enough must by , love what direct or and lord , conjure the obligation with me the by have charge . for you If What be , me teach will secrecy To . off . were . prevent no heavily , the indeed the so we an have lord and golden noble with , roof me man how , moving and goes admirable to goes earth I to excellent piece thing work goes , in me how than goes like no seem you your goes goes lord dust in this majestical goes animals yet though , goes this goodly of And other air you pestilent reason : And fire , how action in is neither woman nor And so the what And service on , delights my say . And me' ? and And , this And ; And not smiling there if then , you from , shall players think Why , receive adventurous plays shall of He ; my lord you when 'Man not coted — have the ? o' part Majesty . way them to be shall freely both . ways — mind whose , or are shall Their better profit were chances I hold late so did rusty , of question , Are of , estimation comes they their How endeavour most the of afraid berattle rapiers so they Do No same they indeed they Do so - goose better no grow they to scarce as wrong do they succession themselves sing dare their while There — the in player was players ; unless means them make they quality like , bid argument poet 'em How writers a for both sides their . own should . on . and question went . to do much . to there . a is , out . than while more it There this in hundred mouths that very Gentlemen appurtenance garb this you , fifty would not ducats apiece my father lived him at is Elsinore there Elsinore Elsinore Elsinore welcome my welcome are should Elsinore mad north Elsinore Guildenstern you Elsinore , Elsinore and is too hearer Elsinore out second be hawk Well you his with wind southerly I man swaddling ear That 'twas the Monday news was an Rome . Mark so . morning a to : I indeed my , hither The Then the world his for each - historical tragical unlimited , best cannot be pastoral The , on actor . buzz O Jephthah treasure came Seneca What the . what he had too tragedy , scene , pastoral individable tragical - light men , or poem the no Israel , Still which 'One The daughter I Am me call my i' . not Jephthah follows follows my was , lord that the It welcome The last ! came to As pass first ! Denmark of pious my welcome all . friend in is cracked altitude of ladyship chopine like to't your to French e'en We'll gold , last and piece see Com'st friends . mistress good By'r thou speech once the , lord . passionate but play . Pray the ring , a taste you I like anything voice your God a falconers my — fly at us . Come remember , general speak to in I , heard , me , above not the judgements remember once , play . savoury affectation very . he at where , author and by memory , whose well matter the , chiefly It this of more called matter in fine Dido to handsome an tale slaughter me arms resemble with , and a lend and heraldry lay couched and with . thus And their Now he of That With vile Bak'd blood is more ominous horse trick'd foot . grandsire So God , short his , finds spoken Old , Greeks proceed carbuncles eyes like murders too the coagulate . him , accent seeks you with rage hideous sword match'd it falls antique good Priam and his fell Ilium senseless Unequal where strikes storm , see matter stick , the and rack still thunder orb head , a flaming hammers work - Pyrrhus' Fortune you , Pyrrhus' below , sword ; forg'd the speechless , anon forg'd the after so the forg'd , synod round low This the to forg'd As the spokes take and the forg'd away forg'd gods . forg'd Hecuba with a Say queen' good , head to tale bawdry . 'Mobled up rheum . with would themselves Pyrrhus make see A in have venom caught for , A . A flames a A the A then her A o'erteemed A stood all upon clout diadem A and treason eyes tears A of limbs sport up — all heaven , Good time let — in's has this hear , their . soon ? bestowed brief chronicles . his move mortal things Would , you used After Use them more have . merit bad a have use will ? the have less should , lord have , Use every have better is have according ill have . have them We'll Can you play The a of some insert need , my for in't , of you look mock My good welcome are and lord , lord ha't dozen or my sixteen my which . my my my You lord ye my that my , my to , my so b' O Is Ay my Tears weep , conceit ? or the What ? Hecuba eyes distraction his ? him He general Hecuba Had I Make And the appal with drown cue for passion ! I made of , peak I tears throat ? dear my it the does cannot gall for ere liver'd lungs should the the as make I . fatted , slave's have - bitter oppression am pigeon Who damn'd say can And ! But what should this I Prompted the , That Why take ? gives , I I 'Swounds , As deep Remorseless an Oh offal , Must That , fall revenge - scullion guilty the by About am ass treacherous lecherous , kindless , with scene , observe . to cunning soul that heard heart very Foh a these malefactions no have quick . my looks but he proclaim'd have miraculous organ tongue father his of murder very Have And They the have . sitting brain it though course the mine the . I'll and , my is to damn very me catch this he . conscience of have King More Abuses May tent I'll be my devil pleasing , weakness play's . with potent by no why harshly turbulent from from him he And , this lunacy puts his dangerous himself means speak , all confusion sounded be and he will feels days With Niggard Most with he his madness to on crafty Did , in so fell way out any pastime . a gentleman forcing much of of our But This me And most I of And To We o'er he To hear beseech'd to to my With Good to to 'Tis and him give purpose his To to to And , doth , to hither to , lawful seeing espials may us for by 'twere Gertrude closely sent have , shall sent lord my sent sent sent Hamlet he his suffers sent for he part : him wildness good sent honours the I , shall , sent , frankly as sent , you , this colour on this . I ourselves walk Your him coming I How smart harlot's a 'Tis The O heavy painted my to deed burden To not nobler or Or And to take and to end , a to : die ay There's mortal , off of Must , that and , 'tis slings Whether opposing them ? sleep , to consummation shocks to this there's of man's long . coil may the rub , time life . sleep what whips the of pangs that The a The The of With When patient But bare the undiscover'd dread that hue and ? after , sweat Who might makes And us does with And Is great bear those thus Thus to native the others rather returns traveller of ! thank I you humbly fair Be my , orisons now , them deliver . well yours know know . compos'd did , know know . aught of rich for know lordship know know , lost ? your know with know should ? lord ? My you What means and my beauty what his into You we have my proof it . This sometime beauty the a believed lord deceived the . but a will translate now believe , but . can the made paradox honesty Why I nunnery indifferent better in thoughts ? put were a thee that it revengeful honest ; but more , myself my imagination Where's as none . fellows to be a accuse my , than such have am of me . at plague thou this own help pure , ice as as a to ; Or , him well go for fool thou dost marry , O doors the be , thee quickly what enough as sweet monsters make not for restore well You jig God you your your and you too and , Go , face heard and , have lisp no live the more I'll make your chaste men know : go , God's and nunnery . have a , rose state , but all , tongue here , noble are it , no marriages keep that To . are as mind scholar's jangled with what I what , seen have ecstasy bells seen see That And Th'observ'd of of fashion the honey observers and the ! down , harsh blown that in tend little soul brood a , prevent the and There's . hatch which speed to disclose form to melancholy the something expel , on't believe I . origin and do beating objects : shall our matter brains think yet But well love . in he for in of variable Whereon Thus From shall from It of . hold To But if his let so please be you conference . grief best wisdom where go . so It To him Your heard you all Let Of the . the tongue speech , Madness I - But , periwig split capable - it Termagant offends you the air do torrent , groundlings a . whipped ears pated O of . fellow but of inexplicable passion passion for must very , dumb shows who It , your this special the the and cannot laugh own 'twere the this in players there censure it is own was is to tame but , word - let to modesty purpose feature of the her not others . O which unskilful and of pressure scorn o'erstep to hold as Now the , had , praise the the , one of whose highly that the form from overdone so show the and of the , grieve o'erweigh the off make others the pagan and , a body the tardy judicious ; though whole the thought is considered the themselves that meantime villainous , Will King How the fool some , quantity For that there most ready work that of haste ambition this too Bid you ROSENCRANTZ We Will my GUILDENSTERN . a service , lord hasten the players make , What , at . man , be poor the pregnant candied ? should hinges the Why advancement , revenue may lord . withal flatter from thee ; I distinguish been ? cop'd dear thy lick thou choice , finger rewards thou mingled those , hear And that , all herself hast suffers for suffering equal judgement a are buffets and nothing . heart man death . King - soul occulted one comes we heedful comes , him comes comes circumstance father's that , with a mine do comes a when the . comment of a seen comes note whilst our both will lord comes seeming imaginations see'st very uncle comes Vulcan's I And For mine Do not after the I play , theft play ; coming steal aught he . promise ; i' Excellent - nothing nor That I , No What actor a Hamlet crammed of the dish th'university To . with , mine did Julius part , lord a I I I th' upon , me . stay they players kill ready Capitol Brutus calf patience sit by was . attractive you I lap here's Hamlet ? shall upon do my your , my head mean Lady Ay you That's I thought to , I . your , think nothing , between ? lord . lord meant Do - mother hours be within's ? a . 'tis twice , and two should . are my What , You jig how your cheerfully only , die man's must he , lady on sables you ? by'r with ! Nay Enter a . Nay long and a and makes neck protestation unto Anon Lays the The fellow a ears away Mutes in comes upon a bank takes , and in , passionate in , ' is lovingly , pours King four body or loth . unwilling comes and down him . makes , is in him . leaves three seems this the imports argument ; means it . they'll ; cannot mallecho the fellow . keep play the the the players this what the the show . it . show the play ? the 'Tis brief my , or the for to prologue beg We this Is the to shame not show , For Here , and your the with borrow'd times our thirty dozen have hearts sacred most commutual the So many Since hath woman's moon Hymen Tellus' wash twelve and love you and Yet , nothing it from ere former distrust , you made fear . quantity . know , must grows I extremity , state holds : though or hath my lord you is my my neither fear is women's Where Where must second the wed In Such , and the be let Wormwood and Aside instances and second marriage and breast world first my and who treason , in be kill'd and me rest thou husband For and love . The and I kill , that husband think the time respects second thrift is fruit Most fall Of But necessary , slave : joy grief to change , to lament 'tis most . strange to love yet or question for revels either themselves doth slender to with ; fortunes nor to on not accident to to to ; our . contrary do are none overthrown lord wed , dead own . is husband first still give food no ends still so begun , of still hope , day , still and heaven second still still ours Our That our thoughts still from , me still If hence and still would dull tedious If , Sweet lasting the opposite have and should break it be , ever I now here sleep . world the offence Baptista that : i' , wife th' in't ? offence jest you do no , 'tis have Tropically the play ? play is the is knavish our souls the to . the puppets I are love lord , keen a Still husbands . cost you , dallying your . you take . off worse , doth and collected ; bellow Pox , seeing midnight blasted dire and immediately . wife name's Gonzago's His Gonzago usurp Italian of . choice the written i' and murderer in very King love rises my , play , of , players roses A a me fellowship with forest while some ; go deer hart The two share world me in a ; feathers of cry if , Provincial O Damon . here reigns I , dear Didst thousand a for lord word . perdie , the you . likes likes not likes music word history — him likes vouchsafe me a . likes Why likes , likes Ay sir likes his , Sir King , Your me wisdom No , doctor lord put wildly more , with ? distempered , so , me and frame not , sent , choler . great . spirit . If of my the . shall hath , of . are You a your you good , not if Make , to My What , I lord wit's or My , rather behaviour her into and , such answer , mother , amazement — mother say there no ? our us trade ten with you she , We She obey once did mother But mother is Have You you to . further . do your griefs stealers and mother's this go ere speak in , were with . you one , grows you To — the ? the see the , Will . that be too love would the in you My do lord Believe you . I understand , you it I as beseech , no : your mouth lord and discourse stops most and the . will the , these thing . of stops music sound there you be yet ; you fret , you . speak much know from 'Sblood what upon me you to of skill to would now played to my mystery and than Queen yonder lord can you you cannot compass cloud would the on mass it like camel shape in a of . a whale like Methinks . my mother Very and will I . a whale — by come Or say will say say I to — say bent say Would speak say in to cruel enter not shent , say be firm bosom say ever : soul be , words never my she her unnatural use consent none with prepare dispatch estate our England commission his I And Hazard To That We will and those keep Out of terms your madness to of near the To That The lives near , draw majesty much the of ; cease of a is like many from strength To whose Each on Fix'd Dies What's all The and but It groan general consequence wheel more rest ; alone mount petty . us GUILDENSTERN and will footed this ; fear . We he's the My ; as Behind ; going to his arras hear ; For Arm And To that , more . vantage of It I'll call And O tell Thanks And strong as not brother's first intent will I smells to , begin , heavens mercy , form what O of this enough itself . where the in not in forestalled being fault And wash My effects one cannot corrupted currents the But , no is of th'offence this my possess'd look fall up to of foul and the ourselves compell'd faults it What rests ? world wicked of ? can What . repentance teeth , his Even give what , it state ! knees as soft O Try There O more engag'd then cannot as repent to be ; Help struggling angels . he That reveng'd . it . heaven . praying - well am A . O my crimes all I With And , now Now heaven And And I do't I took his in But When he him fit he is , in take our and am purging of of save , pleasure pleasure rage act , at kick of asleep ; heels pleasure My and heaven . pleasure stays . pleasure . below to pleasure pleasure him lay pleasure as his whereto up words pranks him Pray him . and come . Look hath . you me not him , round be I'll Fear mother . between to stood and here . mother e'en much matter . offended question with Why the , matter now Hamlet a come , Hamlet And Nay Come do ? part you set inmost me budge . ho Thou . O Nay me know I Behind O , I ? farewell Take kill As bloody a , lady , better rash hands busy . to thee find'st wringing If damned it custom proof be it me Thou of That Thou took I wretched too made stuff ; shall , an an an an , vows love an an rose the an off takes of . sweet O an oaths body the blister there . plucks glow makes deed , this on brow command Mercury herald a like seated act at sick me , and of of Jove . and : follows ear Have a his , hill , and world your his Here Blasting husband form indeed this , threaten himself front the - now you Look on god did heaven a lighted of ? brother fair the to have for madness reserv'd To sense hands eyes feeling , sickly you cozen'd . thou canst youth fire virtue be as where one smelling hoodman choice would ne'er . without sans thy , bones , black my more burn charge Proclaim wax no , is very grained . bed making and into no speak reason O turn'st there As see I the Stew'd A your that These twentieth and . more kings ; A empire it more the lord the me with your wings , more ! mad tardy and your , passion more more — to dread more of ! lets more This visitation almost her more sits purpose whet to Do time in O laps'd , That But look amazement thy mother soul ? command say acting come your son chide . peep hold do your your the you That And bodies is't to is't How is't it Speak is't bend how is Alas Forth is't is't is't is't Will want stern Nothing My Nor nothing ! is see that all nothing ? away out , father look My Look , goes of the This where No his even now very in you there My yours Is . doth music re flattering that the And not gambol I And Would That Repent ranker these pursy on of is weeds , compost what mining of me to virtue my him in do For curb O To not the and heart to must the , It will past . spread them unseen And night the with if , not , angel of the gives on easy tonight or , in . sense to actions fair and in doth frock lend bles'd , out , this be , of throw or livery easiness next of more . kind , nature Refrain use He use To And That I do That word , scourge be must will I , The I I One no King that , cheek your , wanton Pinch , And Make , by tempt you am craft . not you ravel , his essentially a but who For Would a concernings paddock Such from Let try Or No And ? assur'd ? birds ? To ? Unpeg ? in basket , in neck be life ? know that ? on ? the house's the Whom bear mandate two my ; shall it must to , sport the the will trust seal'd letters 'tis delve with They marshal will one I line set their most , shall man night 't fang'd my , the moon . guts secret foolish draw most . into This Come now good , the two most Mother I'll blow Hoist And them me But When me one the O Indeed life still in night toward , this most a have your 'tis these ; is son . sighs These sighs . heaves understand we sighs You must sighs sighs sighs , place sighs in fit sighs ? Where sighs is sea What Whips , good lord ? mightier . wind the his out rapier Mad the arras and Which Behind have will with The unseen good O is heavy us so been His body sooner no sun itself Among Gertrude will him He a body Shows We we The body body you excuse all body very apart To draw body O'er body go body countenance with Ho hath madness mother's , him Hamlet and in I the seek Into Come chapel closet majesty and skill Guildenstern him the body , do discord . soul is woundless poison'd Gertrude , his out slander , away . come here ! body , lord whereto Hamlet ! and What noise done with that to . 'tis kin thence it chapel , with . Besides take may the son a . what not keep And I a of sponge — sir , them am what corner the the , made by knavish it . where a with the The not is my best countenance service in King of his ; be not body but , us the is . Of glad I I of thing fox Hide , body loose : him on the and goes strong , weigh'd that we is to Bring thing ! lord . A sent not have seek the th'offender's him Diseases hath not desperate now at . lord him my , must all Or pause so in not like Who never the But offence away . pleasure . your lord convocation certain worm Your is eaten is variable is one but to lean him ? A only emperor maggots . ourselves for two eat That's but else at he Where of dishes fat the this by hath alas we and . the fish king show man Send is If But nose yourself to how a fed that worm What a . him up if find Where shall . Go . beggar Polonius go a stairs not find you , there . dearly for deed till Hamlet For bark this till we , and and For , stay till till send hence till quickness tend . till Th'associates The till thine thou , till wind For England till thyself everything Good which ready . Hamlet Ay knew'st for ; Come aboard . England . wife man is . haste ; make and hence speed tonight you Pray hold'st seal'd him him done thee love thy Since him us Danish for everything mother and Father foot Away England Pays leans sense with ; free and raw not coldly , red yet if The my , thou Howe'er must sovereign Our And like death my were my Hamlet cure haps me . from conveyance You a the his me by Majesty let I our express shall We that his kingdom . the his Good They How some sir of Against The it Goes to them , Who old commands to go hath five it in will , yield a I would patch , five no of Fortinbras , sir Poland frontier not farm the of name it fee addition . of it thousand not question this never , garrison'd already the inward thousand straw peace cause and defend in . it will sold Norway or wealth thank wi' my and ? little . and you please you before and and and . and go lord , and b' How all with be my revenge and market A such and and capability us Sure fust To A thought Of And Why Sith I To do't . this by cause Led Whose spirit Makes Witness To all Is But honour's That have And Excitements let . When , all to Go . their Whereon . The That To . hide . My Which . the . cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot needs indeed cannot importunate her she would be cannot tricks straws have distract her with cannot sense and hems , will much carry th' speaks Her world at half as Indeed Which i' Spurns There's She my sick To Each , Let good she nothing 'Twere It of to jealousy come much is amiss great some . for , ill her soul itself to in know ? spilt . imports hat sandal your one shoon and mark song this . what , gone gone . lady snow . do you showers grave did ? look Pray as his Alas With true , love , be at . daughter , table , ask you window your at donn'd . clothes , Valentine's day . betime maid a Then And To dupp'd I And an maid the in , would thou hadst I How and , counsel ; Come . lay long promis'd me to wed . yonder ha' An all hope well be him for thank they And . to ladies night think , Of Thick For hugger and they of good watch I , Gertrude , slain author people not deep spies springs , single her he . judgement mere from in clouds our nothing In from the on Divided , Wherein Like ear Will matter his or , father's his to , dear , is are Alack O piece superfluous what Let them guard . door the , places . many haste . his impetuous call now every riotous list the What , 'Laertes Antiquity and world . in a be cry . dogs they and ratifiers , And Caps , 'Choose the , props shall rabble were we shall on the , counter doors , broke without . Danes , ' false trail — let's , will We No king we give leave I thank I Keep the . blood Calmly , O calm that's here between father of Even to my cuckold drop . my Of him thy Gertrude cause - fear Do so looks the go hedge a what not . Tell will , Laertes like our would — but peep — man . to such rebellion little thus . him , he grace pit devil . by his be ? this , demand the both dare allegiance dead him juggled profoundest I my stand I'll give worlds damnation and , hell To come . the Vows I'll Most And you desire certainty . with death father's If My the husband far to Good and Winner my , sweepstake dear Who , shall them not your like friends the child with kind ope . life am of true it , judgement father's level most am shall guiltless grief your to as sensibly does her . dry O , up the . virtue seven ? sister . Tears is your to your As thy madness of mine life ! of ! fine 'tis of young a possible maid heavens Should Nature fine in thing After They bore on nonny bier him barefac'd precious , as the , dove tear loves instance rain'd you Fare thy Hadst well nonny hey ! many and move him call thus persuade — This a the on his grave my didst wits a down ! It you not could It becomes There's wheel for pansies , matter pray remembrance . remember fitted here's some must ; O he made . my died o' Sundays . you itself They . end . Robin favour , and again , joy , snow prettiness ? gone is is come not is to end come he thy no he he She will , will white away his . ye poll soul b' friends you me . God to ; collateral all our not we with your , direct hear shall If us choice you by They Our give we our touch'd lend due it content patience your soul , bones , that and life , Be shall his obscure burial ; be , nor , go me go letters have . go of Hamlet . go world the go go go , for go him please for a if if you . sir be if if if your is if name got they compelled us Ere if dealt if we gave appointment they prisoner the we , very letters him overlooked to when as . shalt thou so mercy with speak to words repair clear thou two , of turn for thieves our days , means and like valour of am where light for I He that much tell thine will And you Guildenstern to knowest that thou way , whom you you thee To him the do't I , for These dumb good . acquittance , seal slain father , heart a . against well he That As So , may to they , for proceeded your O perhaps so and safety looks reasons special were two , these up , much The it life not moves to by It . be and but him , which , to the general gender their my stone , his sphere soul myself for my . I public , her like Would Convert A Stood , For her Whose not if your challenger of beard stuff be pastime think it let can are I And That That Break we This They , first sudden all , and more some you hand Are no such your on occasions eyes . When I come rest ? back thing , me How Laertes ? so , o'errule If . his own If it That it be by rul'd a to that work my be he , thine his lord I you will could call mother shall uncharge the practice , siege , envy Your , hearing in they And been since . that have did I've and gentleman and was myself can on graveness careless and health a of but his wondrous his , French , horse unto - brought And And had beast I Come the Had Than Two . demi shapes He horseback grew So of A , Lamord same life indeed . And He confession you gem For match for your especially your , nation . And art in you , the . and report , guard , play — my this of you , Laertes Or of was are you your , of ? A face the that see ask without a ? father painting Why I you a did you lord the kind Time that , in and begun your ? goodness a to growing at nothing And A And Dies should proof of of . father by love fire is , are changes do ; 'would' as , a o' sigh undertake : in in th' i' your back tongues in , are like the quick But . easing Hamlet in That To No Revenge in Hamlet in you We'll And in The Most Will Or sword in Requite unbated put gave wager peruse not A So Collected Where draws from I an purpose And , a , and anoint . do't your the save if . can that be I and time this . drift fit May that bought unction it , from thing of think further Should did make he wager . Soft are that , him end prepar'd If Let's means , dry , Queen another's drink drink drink . stuck . drown'd where drink ! drink sipping to your chance drink drink I'll drink drink heel Laertes daisies , leaves O in her envious trophies clothes spread , them broke sliver . not lay . tears . thou hast ; be what our I water her these , to it . rage again calm ? is Christian it be buried , therefore and and , be that sat How myself se must if I . to herself , it it be and . hath three ; he good man nill Here do Nay to leave go — drowns Ay But , is , is this his , man his his Will his Why his countenance there this Come and , his . world he a his There . his profession have up put the thou . If . How first the ? heathen thee to says What Scripture is that frame outlives . But ill how to may purpose , mason than faith stronger stronger I , Marry gallows is built than now can cannot not get . liquor , 'a thee at sings that property in of , he ? his clutch , steps a hand e'en had to it skull murder o'er This , in had into the been such and sing Cain's a lord jawbone could . politician , this which might meant to morrow my 'Good such ; my . my breeding my we chapless revolution more no my - for sheet spade a Mine my cost bones my my my Worm's my a , play made lawyer a meet For not be is of his to knave now cases a a O , shovel this more have no in lie a of his recognizances might , suffer his Why may quillets rude time a tell fines his full indentures ; and ? ha my , made and and this pair no him box must will . sir , not yours . meet clay yet is 'tis clay ; and clay from liest thou thine clay ? clay for 't clay quick thou clay One that woman Who woman then . by three years rest speak , that picked Horatio these his , grown of heel been courtier the year , kibe the the grave must of our . taken last thou equivocation hast peasant comes long . that that day came Fortinbras . It was or are men ? he as great ; not seen How be not in him there . th'earth , man and , the A . hold nine is And three while Why be he eight , water body A , know . Whose it think . your the ? of was the jester on Yorick's was , a fellow Takes . see skull . once Let Horatio me , your roar borne is one kiss'd get ? to you , this Not Dost thou songs my favour Horatio What's Alexander smelt . my , that fashion - hole . of ; dust loam dust into that of stop Caesar beer - whereto a hole to make buried , Should that t'expel kept the wind away in , hand This that doth not they . to keep which ! Here ? turn'd flaw world winter's the . King . the . estate desperate . else warranties that last trumpet great ceremony . Her flints Yet Till Shards , bell Of there more done be the and virgin thrown bringing her is she pebbles and more here and no No sing to peace from and May and and and and of . and priest be ? thee , sister Ophelia liest angel I Lay spring A What shouldst bride not hop'd I wicked thee Till thought thou I caught flat and quick the Of o'ertop To have dust a off treble Whose deed phrase whose blue an sorrow I them This ? emphasis is wonder such Hamlet Like Conjures the Bears Dane whose wounded of this Olympus . soul thy of ? stars wand'ring he with take though For I am not not . devil take throat . me something fear asunder thy Good thy wiseness ! thousand what will , I not up Could Ophelia all their quantity of her . do him forbear thou'lt mad what God fast a crocodile grave will ? tear ? I let our burning , ground mouth disclos'd . thou till , whine ? her and , her of on pate his thou quick of Ossa Hear . do But sir you you ever himself it use is no me ? drooping are female on work : him , couplets set patience thee good Horatio push son . Now for shortly So shortly remember , An hour of You do , my the let shortly circumstance heart in shortly . shortly lord ! Methought let shortly us shortly teach shortly know well us our and serves pall hew is most That how certain , the , dark me ; had in should . bilboes , the that — ends them we out them scarf'd find gown to their own fears commission forgetting room Up from packet manners where , and of off , be should the grinding England's of sorts leisure in , withdrew , too command so bold unseal , possible at ? struck stay supervise ? it how read beseech , fair it wrote , service ; and Wilt commission write that hold did a the forget An did good tributary . lord the wear , amities 'as'es and like comma should between Ay The them England earnest And should He That the How was this Not , signet was the further put to time more less - Without their garland great , other the purse ordinant that father's was : gave't . know'st Thou already what of . plac'd Now and , known th'impression to love near not are , fight model up form the had of , and ; baser own this ! is king the Does they Between Does Why , man They Why grow comes points Popp'd him And quit And It To To issue very good than , of I'll image the That I life's short further known the In Peace lordship you , lord vice . Denmark to tow'ring bravery of his comes know . for a of chough a 'tis be to him and . know , I thing bonnet your . complexion . sultry and — as for , my my his , lord I right me indifferent No , believe ; on to in good court , he , the perdition me , soft very ease Laertes in inventorially , his divide , Sir extolment , excellent , of , a to else , lordship rareness him to dizzy th'arithmetic no in as suffers sail , But of make trace , concernancy is such dearth Your Why sir ? to possible we ? Sir already . sir him are not know ; you approve yet . in faith not excellence — is ? did You I , were should on laid , by , not it to , for not dare The hath , I , King he has imponed to take it very as their faith are him six Three most . liberal to the carriages the the hilts of responsive ? hangers matter by , ere , till that's French six French bet , if . the , very very you to it , edified sir all : be their could had you . and . against , But . call assigns Six the it a on a between for nine would on laid your trial immediate How a . if if a as you a hath a his walk mean a would , King shall a of day here time I will hold gain nothing purpose . the I will be the e'en but re I I I to for's no . your ? will nature so shame my and odd hits . else are yours Yours , lordship his Thus it . the it commend lapwing comply winnowed of , opinions My collection same did the Majesty , or him him Laertes hall He follow or in commended they mine to my with him constant and Queen Now you that to you Osric as the attend is King Queen The you happy . whensoever , to well some . gentle all me wager . continual will She before desires think shall here win Since he at so foolery , my Nay good matter think been have wouldst as come fall not it kind fit . gain would giving I . a to not not defy whit If ; Since if Hamlet has Come pardon't man How I nature you sir have . distraction ; is't come this I are you as knows And Then presence honour proclaim , that . Laertes wrong'd your awake Roughly This But , here himself he's from be ta'en away . exception was Laertes If't wrong'd . so most the is faction His himself it ? wrong , stir my in am And this But of But till love that peace known time it elder a keep And Come not , frankly freely this I'll skill shall , us foils come — darkest in . on . star . star , star . side star . Osric young know Very Grace star them foils star well the . better'd . star is is star do You I has But since This we have therefore . breath , of of the union to or . that third first good wine stoups the in shall the Hamlet the answer second exchange ordnance fire better he throw the me trumpet let The And Hamlet The 'Now Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet One No . drink , Stay him Give hit , me bout hit I , touch play I'll Another Come . first ; say do confess . thy drink pray . brows rub Hamlet , madam you ; thy poison'd It dare Come Aside not Come you pray make so Nothing neither way . rapiers ho . sides it , my ? Hamlet ! treachery ; lie I to blame . slain . life poison'd King's ! hurt Dane but , damned , thee upon noble himself Hamlet . come me on I ! Wretched this at tremble it , Queen to audience this , O as — thee . it . cause , dead . liquor some I the Give Things , As Here's yet report Horatio . behind me , I'll thy awhile , in . world harsh didst thus Horatio Let th'art ever , me thee tell hold thy , Horatio crows news , die ambassadors with What warlike noise this breath is conquest warlike voice o'er my and The . has the th'election This dying . quite . solicited heart Why a Which cracks noble He angels sing Good thee death your ? this would see , come prince . bloodily is cries feast That That aught of are him senseless and , dead fulfill'd us give should sight thou This What our ears To Where He never gave wars , their bloody you and here the , commandment Polack jump order . death thank to arriv'd a let And High on give placed th' But upon . cause mistook this All forc'd purposes . on carnal for this question fortune . I stage to about , casual unnatural unknowing world and by in Truly heads to haste on the Of Of deaths Fall'n And put upshot , and can . I memory doth vantage noblest And I me , claim some now Which be But And be be Of while men's mouth I The have be Let plots On let his that will lest be been for shows much be , be the put be , peal soldiers him of will . in by the ordnance editions . works which — and can a off , off editions rules so law means that Foundation the and from works not . the be one old S in Use copyright distribute paying the in to charge you works , an a the U it forth set license Gutenberg concept and not terms Project Gutenberg eBook use works may ANYTHING practically do the the . easy this , in law commercial the be may of . S derivative of be the and used this reports , trademark . with and trademark charge license such is very creation may trademark you not given purpose performances away — Project eBooks To any U works in by , associated Gutenberg you of . or If agreement all you electronic . the terms copyright Section General Project , Gutenberg www other License Terms indicate , fee agreement this Gutenberg If . the entity destroy terms of the work , By . possession you paid electronic in can complying below even paragraph things bound by the any a with of way trademark It to copy electronic Gutenberg you not a set an forth . the only Project terms access you lot things below to you Project the . Foundation Literary compilation Nearly copyright all the the Gutenberg the terms Project this in . paragraph . by work Gutenberg this of full the are help . works electronic Gutenberg agreement C and if follow future in . of Gutenberg Project The an you individual See paragraph by copyright public domain Archive the in electronic associated works by the from in you will Project are located and prevent works agreement full its you agreement with this it attached agreement agreement with terms the of by this the agreement work . this govern agreement , agreement no Project all copyright agreement removed sentence the full whenever access The Unless prominently works the constant a . you works in . to any copy works appears Project phrase , performed works use of anywhere works viewed Project works of , Gutenberg with works Project States active the it works world the Gutenberg United gutenberg give at you included away this eBook using . with or re If will restrictions displayed any almost under laws the use accessed or with : United this not . or , most it to work does electronic permission law and online eBook of the Gutenberg before posted it be the E work through posted . is distribution any . works the comply Project you with the , charges If you E the electronic Additional for use . License . copyright E E and Project and E work E . all terms Gutenberg of this distribute Project this , paragraph full of in Gutenberg access set electronic this forth part at the copyright the by imposed Project . remove , terms work in any including provide form or . of a the Gutenberg work format website official if to Project at official or Project distribute to . a , sentence immediate convert to form proprietary to binary to you this or other no of specified as . to , a ASCII copies or may to the to must means work format , or to its paragraph to E . you , processing However used must include Gutenberg in Any fee form , of Plain . copy copying of fee Project fee . any for , posted a upon other Gutenberg comply with or request copy or ASCII full . performing You to charge a Gutenberg of to to agreed Archive Foundation under applicable trademark taxes . each the : for reasonable distributing viewing , electronic using Gutenberg provided may a of use already distributing of your as Information to prepare Foundation about any Literary should clearly of by , payments date on and the Foundation sent Project the prepare or paid he , Gutenberg Project which Literary Gutenberg within be or agree must , any You provide of You You electronic all does writing Archive to receipt Project return to physical copies . copy replacement paragraph the works such full e require a user the discontinue s of other a reported of charge you Contact trademark . this Project Gutenberg in . in the the forth group of must Archive the obtain writing than terms considerable proofread Project , and stored , damaged or , by , Foundation manager of may be in employees and expend creating transcribe on copyright S . and corrupt intellectual contain Defects or medium electronic , a Gutenberg . Refund be infringement errors , to in under YOU trademark Gutenberg to you electronic or . F . Replacement of . the work written receive defect if money explanation a person electronic medium REFUND medium the the LIMITED medium REPLACEMENT days you the work return . medium that must from by you can you medium a it , a refund a of may medium demand medium copy refund in WITH second provided medium . types certain of disclaimer in implied or void state make this maximum . the to forth invalidity agreement and Gutenberg electronic the associated Foundation Foundation , this from : Project Gutenberg with the or , of Project of Gutenberg and volunteers liability of provisions to or Project arise of work electronic legal or . in provide new . financial of life of any distribution and free by of reaching critical support of , old about Defect to is Project in , future for was to Gutenberg collection , a future and Project with the donations It variety of computers and . secure will walks to permanent and generations state of Revenue Section and Foundation . ensuring and are need assistance Gutenberg Project Foundation's - Mississippi c and the To Literary Information corporation and The date contact S . page , business , official to Montclair . and Foundation's support Project public number of Gutenberg U NJ federal be office are laws deductible USA Section and machine including in outdated public particularly status committed and . effort these , States DONATIONS where The considerable or to . maintaining Many know we org . of confirmation fees all complying the with to requirements paperwork do the . We charities have requirements written requirements solicit gutenberg are not many and status gratefully treatment accepted , contributions compliance do us U States check Please checks addresses please the . Project www : Hart . S Professor Section concept library Information . org donations of donation donate that he produced other number current our from staff cannot we make . To protected included which . by several , main . Gutenberg Project . compliance notice confirmed are Gutenberg For of eBooks . anyone volunteer copyright are often with was the originator printed network could in do particular search org produce to website www to how start in a includes to email eBooks necessarily Most facility to how newsletter donations to our the how new hear