Stand Who's there King Stand Stand , You most come Stand now Stand Stand this struck Stand For a had am much . I thanks sick Horatio haste at 'Tis carefully upon . you quiet stirring you And The think I there is . guard to liegemen And this to ho night good Not , them rivals If of , Friends . Who ! Welcome him of , piece Say . Horatio who night good you , Give . place honest my has ? Marcellus tonight again seen this have says , us speak apparition minutes have again eyes this of and sight 'tis nothing appear'd but belief And Touching Tush not And And let , ears assail tush , our hear sit speak that Marcellus of the from beating , comes — where Look . and it . again myself part heaven , one the be Question What . It harrows King speak figure same time . fear to Thou it , of to night and that march Did It is heaven fair usurp'st It would , with sometimes Horatio this of stalks thou By , speak speak offended ? the Together Stay 'Tis and How and ? this ! Is Before my this ? than not charge away ! and not avouch eyes the , might ! pale thee ! true on't it Is ! not Horatio something think God own the in combated had : angry an on parle . the my , me of our to observant he watch cannon subject of of the , brazen of implements war sore week the What Why Good , Whose by but you image the can so appear'd Fortinbras know of to Our now that joint the the Who , Was Did For Dar'd such divide toward That ; lands , world by who Fortinbras with this this Well stood gaged Against the by our King ; Fortinbras of moiety to , of combat the to least , At whisper us , compact seal'd heraldry conqueror his esteem'd a , inheritance ; the , Now unimproved to fell seiz'd a , Norway skirts Was Had And carriage sir full lawless hot as list of article return'd him all of he ratified by had . his Which , and and there of up For hath As But recover well and compulsatory by our some resolutes the the His he stomach lands , young a mettle Hamlet food doth to Of So this . And , rummage enterprise unto lost - it Is appear by source The of it armed Well That Comes may our other this so of the mightiest trouble and sheeted dead , and fire gibber trains the whose Upon And A the question that was and tenantless the streets , Roman the most In A of the fates . of . together and behold , the stars I'll cross , thou If to hast it Unto prologue preceding precurse still countrymen . of be , comes ! to and or use thing me blast good ease me Lo ! though For which , Extorted thou there speak treasure it . uphoarded foreknowing privy art That speak , hast , do if Which If to speak say , you womb O thou of my speak partisan stand ? not speak 'Tis speak speak . it 'Tis , the of air it here I Shall here , offer it here It here it here invulnerable a have to warning god that here lofty day fire and in at - started it to our And And then vain To We do about speak , I like when mockery , sea , with Awake fearful and the , abroad comes probation And the wholesome then all ever say of , birth crowing . and object on faded This his crowing And , takes and nor bird Wherein crowing No fairy nights our that is time crowing , high clad believe in of dew we yon morn the the impart Let look But crowing Break I So crowing So crowing The As Do you our upon ; shall will have what Hamlet conveniently this him us , we o'er Walks spirit needful we Where consent , our fitting acquaint , I most and find him . death ; queen , nature ourselves discretion far hearts green grief that and , be in , our woe him think , sister remembrance with be , in mirth funeral to sometime one In better and weighing nor you of supposal disjoint of wisdoms ; we Th'imperial auspicious Have With as wife affair follows this by Lost to dream to dear most much impotent nephew's proportions in his His , with . this young rid , the we time much for meeting here , Voltemand made , Norway more further and purpose , duty scope . our thou thy native , the the to not to of the hand is be voice your us that Than not my more The offer To show offer now my Denmark offer of speak cannot You offer offer your to and I though offer duty lord , Have offer whence And must my have France ; bend ? bend to leave it bend But Upon beseech my , best says bend me ? leave pardon Polonius my from gracious and . bend thine kind , kin on you bend hang , and than too clouds . go give you the little ! son Hamlet graces spend at thy will my — still , eye not Good ever father to , common , i' am friend colour off Denmark . with look Seek And , Thou madam so ! it be particular it If Passing let Do Hamlet for thy noble , 'tis know'st through Ay Why seems they with Together For can Nor my suits of of moods me all dejected fruitful river the , forc'd black , I , suspiration indeed of your a ; suits the your nature show play seem , eye breath in windy , But These No That I In must lost To That But you impious a An heart , father filial know For what A It shows any vulgar must , Fie should be unschool'd , still whose is persevere to grief , as heaven today , sense , nature theme , note us throw that who a 'tis our in absurd , a ' ; immediate nobility world think you cried fault died , to intent , madam to you with go ; her prayers not us my best and , bend cousin lose mother unforc'd in thee in beseech In chiefest It Our the we I the health jocund - earthly the my the And that thy 'tis gentle Why as I Be This loving cannon ourself a and great No Sits smiling But Re Thaw Or this resolve slaughter solid the that 'gainst So Hyperion to But canon How Seem all , to . nay king he remember . beteem Why might increase if Possess grows His That Fie on't merely Oh me it months a not , too ; so that , dead a her to ! That ; roughly Heaven hang grown a — mother and . discourse , were earth yet Frailty ere my and more wants — Within , beast tears followed she not A and By Let and As My brother and Had yet I father's married and and But break It With not , such my . but the heart O salt . Hercules the most in her , cannot for , do see you lord ever . servant my your And , am , Hail your : sir . even , Wittenberg from good Marcellus lord My ? Good . you with Wittenberg you make . good you affair drink teach A , of - fellow not I , We'll I enemy say violence your your my ; truant ? you Elsinore deep . yourself is it do see came But make shall what you my My Thrift Would had met I methinks the . bak'd . see day foe funeral it was mother's The thrift Indeed to , Horatio — In Or father him My , Where a for all . had coldly seen , all like ? his him saw I eye my lord ; him hear these of let the of with thrice he , had gentlemen deliver . love had the and length jelly their slow Appears Armed had and oppress'd , point before dreadful speak Within had thus Been had at had by dead waste and and them ; figure encounter'd had Goes truncheon's to Stand By they , dumb These apparition Where And them , comes upon lord But My It 'Tis motion sound up lifted Itself shrunk cock did once we where yet speak , would crew . true duty . me ? from O yes Nay , in lord What countenance A , my wore his up . very pale . been it . have was saw't . will tonight Perchance I was sable seen life in 'twill again . it no watch beard A I as I I'll speak to , have understanding your this sight , fare well . twelve but . else tenable whatsoever it If And 'twixt visit to mine you loves . hell itself should pray shall an If bid hold in I you all , farewell your arms would night will eyes . soul , loves all some sit Till then in father's Your My still , Though I you ; come is All ! foul spirit as them Farewell benefit from , as necessaries My embark'd do not give of sweet . so more does as the he cautel but is to persons his whole that says believe is no withal may his . dear affection desire enough moon strokes disclos'd of . imminent fear . near . youth , dew the galls before , itself canker oft in Contagious then best are Virtue wary The and morn itself rebels their And the Youth shall Be I and ungracious my some as of th'effect steep recks . smiles double Occasion here is sits the Aboard not primrose like Show . Give my , leave grace own And but thought thy your me fear , O I ; thee in entertainment comrade act no memory , no thou each entrance that in express'd Costly But Are And For not Take Give Bear't every thy censure man th'opposed , fancy thine reserve purse rich and nor the true : day go , have Ophelia well your oft Neither loan loses both dulls edge of night the . keep and remember of lock'd Farewell , something keep well : you yourself . keep you said , on so most you keep to 'tis caution time , told me he , keep audience hath of and yourself , understand me daughter keep up honour . keep Lord the oft bethought touching very late and bounteous . you tell . me clearly tenders so I late of lord your made the truth a like me . many Give to affection perilous his my Pooh ! Do do That Or Which know , these the lord honourable hath , fashion tenders Tender he you'll importun'd . with tender yourself more a to almost given countenance all With My , fashion it ; Ay it , thus In . wind — you his holy to the speech daughter making , know , soul time heat ; heat heat do heat , blazes prodigal these heat than vows , heat your for as it in From - rate . heat larger much entreatments parley that For In . scanter take heat not to command in a with a Set so Than may be Than Do Not Breathing in you I give or charge obey you beguile is from moment the . air The it now twelve walk near . air season my rouse . draws is . the I ? What spirit it struck , No upspring wake mean not it King doth and The The my born though marry And The Keeps as drum and his ? am the , men particular in for That As us traduc'd - the custom Is And us From our pith oft o'ergrowth They More Makes clepe heavy to the manner headed , addition our in Or their , mole some complexion origin are they choose down By So and The breaking by of Shall His virtues else Since nature cannot ; the livery As Doth From all noble own Look that fault . it , and a spirit from a hell doubt ! damn'd from charitable or or of grace airs wicked Dane of such royal in bones to speak of Angels thy thee thou ministers ignorance of hearsed why ; we not . of , corse , ponderous saw . in answer , sepulchre of quietly thee his op'd Hath jaws marble thee of canoniz'd me will That I To , cast Wherein cerements , may night Have up thus ? the What did go you it To Say thou thee reaches beckons With Making dead again fools our impartment some horridly away courteous removed action . it with do But alone a not No So this you thoughts to Look waves is ? more go with desire I then ; speak As if , not will It my what will pin's soul , Do that not follow it the at for my no . the fathoms puts madness some summit you very Without That It on What And so it my follow . it form reason hands . not waves place shall , me Go . cries petty lion's your Nemean me your your . this body , in . your imagination with your heaven your say after 'tis what will your I'll call'd the him , thee follow come . this him . to . me lets . fit of issue . Denmark thus him go . Whither thou Speak follow Nay me Mark I'll no will ! thy hear thou crimes done father's What art So Speak To me I bound ? to to nature , when in fast away secrets a thy hair to stand on word house I am a for the could my whose thy their , blood — father . ever dear to locks prison lightest spheres , murder be from start the and But Thy quills this eternal particular blood List , unnatural as the , thoughts , as and with that , the my to sweep find I May know't I thee , and foul Revenge me to most stir out that ; whole , wings ; process Lethe the , weed apt Hamlet fat in in thou than on forged know sting his prophetic uncle wears thy youth life , be shouldst ease sleeping the gifts that , incestuous that but , beast , Denmark my so me stung a by Is O wit wicked hand love seeming his of witchcraft will , my The O That I her to went whose was and gifts natural whose virtue But mine made Upon . it O seduce and wit With From most — me , garbage shape it a as a to though lust . me angel vow be will ; queen poor link'd to decline , the of celestial that dignity in hand with bed never , itself on scent of cursed leperous The And That of . I radiant uncle in ears of of alleys quicksilver and blood ; doth it as into vigour it with an porches whose courses the blood eager droppings about , mine posset bark'd So enmity distilment a sleeping , And The natural with thin Holds and a I of Unhous'led The And lazar a like wholesome most - Most . brother's once my unanel'd sent on it thee but of ; queen all horrible thou , A , for But O With No hast , O my , in , act , not Denmark , of , dispatch'd to sin , head account , else heart my ; thee ! earth instant Hold ! a holds seat old ? live ! my brain damned , heaven woman villain be I down a , in so and . are to . word my ' . remember MARCELLUS my lord . and have HORATIO . My sworn't adieu Within 'Adieu is lord Lord secure be So . Within ho , my , What How , noble , Good , lord No Not I , you'll wonderful my tell lord , HORATIO , Ay How ; Why There You , And , your and every Such For as it it — and . part : you desire you heartily . own man is Look , whirling wild There's , faith Yes no Patrick too , offence know that Touching lord . go , my for , an desire to ghost Saint by And As you For O'ermaster't Give are your It . my is vision between friends you here Horatio , tell soldiers , request this , and good us , is what And scholars will . my , Upon my sword in , my faith In . not lord , we , Nay not but , I lord lord faith . to Swear my lord you have . truepenny . to hear speak Propose the of Beneath Then , Swear Beneath ! said , worthy again A Well to Hic again et ? again again that you my our again so fast ? wondrous and in as , again again again pioner mole arms 'If 'Well That And are are There To such Or and to Or we or of thus , As perchance pronouncing by How Here you So know grace And , Rest May With The do fingers still I do on joint let's do you as man and your do I cursed O . you to do to ; Hamlet us lips it spite , set together do this do Before shall him Give you You visit marvellous will well My Enquire said how , and me Marry What , And him his you Than they as your do And in thus Take As — know , very 'I know encompassment , do distant will you and where ; friends mark knowledge touch his , his my this and , lord father you well may , he's and put that known ? wanton dishonour may sir gaming noted none ; rank him ; say of and , very , 'not slips well usual so on . far . quaintly , liberty blood . the ? that . the the the , the . sound the , soil'd on fetch sullies little a You , you him guilty , would prenominate consequence or ' addition assur'd you seen party As 'twere a Your The He , then , sir — did Where he consequence and the in 'closes closes thus : 'friend At I to say consequence' you 'I and , falling saw There , Or then or There was And you My . my windlasses By b' you , his lord , wi' And Well Farewell my Alas How lord , in so my , with , knees gyved the ? matter the been I , now as Ungart'red To lord do not thy , He Then He took And he My the the of my his me truly Mad said he I but do wrist length held all ? of of perusal thus hard such draw a sigh being with seem'd He went his doors last bended his other would As And end For leads And Whose is the me his And This I will of itself undertakings hard . my good did , to violent . very property the , me as letters his natures I ; lord His That am meant not is common as . fear'd our King to to jealousy and denied trifle opinions the for discretion be hide which in age . he my might move ! sort man inward see you heard , provoke did you use was that dear Welcome we have ; father's of young . I th'understanding death What so long to Something Guildenstern and Moreover did put humour companies , glean gather please and much so time gentry . supply to fits visitation To For Your the As king's the king's king's commanded be at and . freely ourselves Than king's Put Might by , king's dread majesties pleasures to your power more here king's To king's Guildenstern visit of our these and , and helpful gentlemen beseech much our service . And Go to feet Rosencrantz practices some . good . to , been , of . to I still hold Both Are from joyfully , lord Norway gracious so have Hamlet's — of I you found lunacy trail , God lord . good my hold as , my news liege : to Assure news fruit to I and ; them to that my , of it do that of the shall The My to th'ambassadors , him shall we , tells Thyself admittance them me sweet all but o'erhasty head His Say grace that son's other hath . friends . to sent from your distemper Polack preparation To , him the 'gainst a His Most Upon Well sift , arrests , age impotence obeys , more Majesty whereat found griev'd brief which out to herein before commission his annual those the thousand against in against With Was It borne which arms crowns safety of regards Whereon On him And Fortinbras vow three rebuke before Gives of , entreaty his levied an such it So rest we your therein our Through likes more Answer And , thank at to Go As It your Meantime us business us , Most and majesty us and us outward the us My be since day This us will tediousness Therefore What us less wit . ended well is day Were , the brief be Why I Mad , but . will . That Madam mad 'tis it us let Mad 'tis , grant use swear I art at 'tis . this cause him , out , and use have use remains For say this a effect find then cause the — use I farewell use rather for I use cause thus the use an idol obedience whilst remainder pity And : but phrase , soul's you gather . vile shall , most , and duty her given ill Came will from Doubt fire , the in Who a ; this thou that truth never ill at , am I thee I . But dear , that But the are , have I . be sun stars stay , All Doubt Doubt Thine As evermore This dear these O best obedience love most more they given hath you think man As I prove had I What my dear Majesty told would What If I my Before it this I I When As Or 'Lord And look'd is took watch a repulsed she Admit Which Thence to And he That done , Thence This into Fell Into all such have , said positively That Hath It may time this ? were will , prov'd be a been from Not if this hid further try indeed does in may . we the though I find to love then , state not , daughter a fall'n thereon . We look But I poor where him will keep no assistant and time Be Mark the be Let such I behind and farm the O How , leave wretch it God lord ? Hamlet . picked . man lord . a Not are , me my my , a one . to being , is goes my ? lord man be ? dog world ten kissing , not but . is . he gone far daughter He read . What fishmonger my to't as , very my lord , words youth Still — words . my on you Friend . was my i' not daughter by not this . mean I the matter beards Slanders - gum . plum yet I it I plentiful here that though to as All the matter , Between slave , slave grey you thus of old most like slave sir have which should weak , you believe ; that ; slave out potently with slave , wrinkled , are that am , a slave tree their go often means slave A not happiness out is replies are o' that be most anything humbly between air if — pregnant willingly more him . you of my . life that leave will leave daughter which my and will reason sometimes How on . take my and and . I lord . there is . lord old fools he . button her Nor the are not of over of Fortune's Neither cap that indifferent My Then Fortune about , middle ? a strumpet her favours ? hands more . she at me . true . true , that the None particular goodly in one to none , then then ambition Why could I , We space ambitious , be Which dreams A merely it it ; To . for nothing good or king that fay I outstretch'd a but ambition hold of beggars I and , Shall itself but a and and . our monarchs and shadow For ? light and , and for But ; and . and you GUILDENSTERN rest you honest you an of visit , my poor ? Is my lord ? sent . with should the to What in your I and Queen King purpose the , what looks know to me conjure end of let my were craft is you it a nay for have come , of which and But . by preserved be consonancy for no with teach the me , you fellowship - ever charge , then Nay . tell secrecy but of late and I , your wherefore and I , air roof this firmament this most a in and apprehension in , paragon form there no smiling was , in man delights no to and admirable what , the is of neither this , me' and entertainment the . shall ; target in peace part sere tribute o' th' shall lover have verse ; the tragedians of the the reputation in innovation and late . city ? the , they ? indeed they . them ? are sing to their . writers they can players — escoted . say is wrong them they dare call quills themselves — scarce — sir . thither that on ; come they and as player went . against on money now 'em . both There , a to . in no the . brains do . too the of Hercules lived is the there for . O , has Do they very , you of welcome lest is There ceremony like - the players and appear what the appurtenance garb this are . my to the than . and the , outward the mad fairly the Gentlemen the north - a dear west handsaw you with but , baby there Guildenstern the you he's he twice a players . clouts old wind southerly is for say his it . you to , tell news — so man in Roscius tell Rome is was indeed You an . 'twas come , honour When have to are The news hither actors have lord , ass light men ! hadst These , pastoral heavy . he my scene pastoral for tragedy too comedy or the , for , thou ? and daughter my . on daughter love , was . look well young Denmark What , heaven nearer since For it my is ? falconers . your voice , us give e'en to O , the by ! friends , It masters , welcome my all old a to't We'll see all We'll you , By'r speech . have gold lady thou of not are last uncurrent . quality welcome thee cunning the savoury remember digested the to judgements not caviare , heard above . he , is rugged Pyrrhus sable see . If let — me live Pyrrhus it slaughter Priam's so , than tale : purpose , line not at this couched lay , black Head complexion to wrath gules daughters horridly , gules dismal gules as When now this of heraldry he a murders o'ersized gules with Roasted tyrannous with . and parching coagulate gules a and , gules streets in gules proceed too Rebellious to Striking , And vile Pyrrhus Seeming with Mars's armour region as hush rend Aroused But a we in A death vengeance sets the did And , less remorse Pyrrhus' strumpet thou , synod and Priam him Now falls than the As Doth The silence the heavens winds , Out On In all With . of ! wheel her hill fiends Prithee he It jig on round the bowl to a tale . heaven gods mobled ; the for As to your is bawdry is long . with up . stood and caught loins a that queen' That's , and upon in , with fear o'erteemed clout , But 'Gainst this bisson all for the . 'The Who The In Would had Fortune's if Where late the diadem barefoot things of his saw mincing have thee out . and . of made her in tongue , well abstracts no well well death ; After were epitaph a , for . Unless made have where his passion will your not the rest you . while and bestowed are better according report will I , bodikin less 'scape they , whipping ? the thou Dost ha't dozen We'll not friend my , play . lord Can you a not for set would ? not . which not , I you Ay , that not , lord not night Rosencrantz You my My . not wi' rogue that monstrous b' ye peasant in dream own conceit not ; suiting , nothing ! Hecuba to for , I am . am this . his a of to so all distraction And Hecuba and his or What he passion with speech would the amaze the with indeed the , eyes ears appal and ear would for his to That Make very dull Like And A A and - nothing of whose Upon defeat me off Who damn'd Plucks me Tweaks nose to as by should I - am I and , property John the faculties The calls me ? lungs , Am most and villain made blows gives beard 'Swounds Ha make , have should With this slave's pigeon fatted offal . vengeance , all lecherous ! by am ! a , whore my the ass of revenge ! unpack is father heaven heart dear I most ! have upon't a very I at of very creatures cursing ! my and hell - Fie of I'll no heard my murder proclaim'd , And scullion , the Have by cunning . brain speak blench ; father spirit the my shape my be of pleasing I'll it looks his I'll I'll , players thing the The . I'll have the King the this me yea that I seen I'll perhaps power and hath I'll of circumstance such and , melancholy , distracted himself feels Grating from drift on I'll catch no keeps he days aloof a find harshly all his to we But would But And can Of so speak ? sounded be cause him dangerous by forward him confess madness true his bring crafty . well much does what we with from confession ? like Did forcing he him state of of our demands , told players but , with his him , Madam the way him have o'er you fell seem They are about the court order before Of Majesties kind we , of these Most there out . it they entreat it my And and him And , We And To With Good heart To And all drive To hear , beseech'd hear We leave as have Sweet , For Affront Ophelia accident us and myself Hamlet too my , give on to . me content much inclin'd delights these 'twere that frankly judge here , sent . th'affliction unseen ourselves That suffers love seeing by father may gather , bestow or is he no may hither of he we Her If't That We And good Of Hamlet's your your part That Will for wildness both be you ourselves I To are much Madam I — that too loneliness bestow , wonted way again please on may to of . Ophelia an such , here exercise oft with blame sugar in visage this , conscience true my helps it art plastering with thing beautied O to heavy Let's my him hear Than I . that cheek deed The pious And is Is be nobler not , And Or by No The flesh ; ache is be to - That heart heir to wish'd , and : the to 'tis a troubles die mind to sea suffer is , question : fortune , long and who For sleep Whether 'tis arms end The to The For perchance have Devoutly To the off what ay dream the of shuffled calamity the the would a bourn from , love dispriz'd of The That that in the When With And rather returns to makes undiscover'd puzzles after death the , all we , takes , the , contumely wrong oppressor's the And others bear the ills cowards make does enterprises the regard with pith currents Soft thy now , and in , And sicklied pale Ophelia Be The lose this How does your day remember'd great thus traveller humbly thank , I have longed re - well remembrances to I . of name ! all Good honour lord with the wax poor , There know honest , mind . admit . beauty , fair fair ? My you ? with honesty honesty no means can from the honesty of a than power better will the of What Are lord , your to honest if you your commerce force the a ; for inoculate gives your This . likeness his stock was it you beauty for . lord have indifferent nunnery believed relish could , bawd that thoughts We thee . mother in my better to them myself a me virtue a wouldst shall thou yet but ; we of beck ? believe with Why I my home At nunnery imagination more offences do us . none them my than I ways play , between earth borne at the to to time or . father am have very I . thy shape all lord Farewell snow fool If and you knaves arrant . nowhere . of thou but needs you you . marry . him God you , face have and , to live . have a me your wilt what enough well know men wise Th'observ'd O I'll yourselves God's keep mind , observers The and and of feature and reason , married are that Those . marriages no will the rest of scholar's , eye here tongue form sword , fair the most fashion of of , seen what His , I most , soul in most mould of ! harsh wretched , quite all the Now most And sits , the hatch for most to on and disclose , brood something his some I down most lack'd what me youth see is I the prevent to : England with of : form tribute different in Love fashion himself . But commencement . Sprung and well brains seas demand it I in Thus shall his Lord as Ophelia play said the let hold now do after alone her you all tell What think his How all with him , believe on't him puts yet My . it You The if show his grief conference wisdom confine him plac'd , If him in round you I of what be entreat , the , you please lord it their England in unwatch'd , please fit mother , send must It ones , so as do . not I air trippingly players the very had tongue but I that beget . town hand a , such part may to are would very hear robustious out , give may , mouth say lines as the the the . it , acquire to it you thus a . It . special . tutor with your anything be end own honour warrant but not the word o'erdoing dumb inexplicable of fellow , you - not action Pray the at for nature overdone and both or , age up the cannot mirror players have in this the , discretion must one of be the praise of the pressure laugh the to that Christians of journeymen Nature's man having have had , nor so and them I speak nor — highly there the unskilful and that your it the not the speak no the your to that will laugh the play then be them barren question spectators the a necessary of be play with of you . ambition pitiful of work ? quantity those that And . to in considered the King Queen Bid players make the And , and clothe be withal as , cop'd your my O , pregnant tongue should the crook Here sweet , And hast may not Horatio As , what No no , seal'd And one A , so blessed , flatter I I candied follow , That wear ? knee thou , all , For thou Dost are slave core , passion's blood , in . pipe she a In As scene do . I , near play when , told I Even mine with thou thee it Something for and And judgement equal with and are , To is I my heart's , have Do prithee Observe , One is There Which , very a is I after we will , both our to are rivet heedful as that will . of , Well will my his seeming , lord . play the must place For In If Vulcan's aught flourish are . to Get Enter our . the censure I , King ; fares cannot you promise i' , of faith - have Excellent A 'scape I , Rosencrantz detecting , Ophelia not are I . Polonius , once ? a lord feed air mine these chameleon's ? so : Hamlet dish eat ; the capons accounted What and say Brutus th' enact Hamlet . crammed ? me brute was players him you stay they kill upon so ? ready capital you . by your me calf Capitol there you a sit . you do , here's ! you good shall lie O mother you I ? lap in , lord ? attractive upon lord , head my . my Ay think nothing think , country meant my . I thought What you lord between ? legs ? do , should What looks and man father merry , my mother , two maker Ay , I ? lord , but two lord my a twice months . my have forgotten for I'll . my died hours devil months may die two whose forgot him lovingly the protestation ; churches memory very makes asleep declines King the sables Nay ? O long by'r lady hope there's of , a with a of he , hobby of , his , and She . and kneels of seeing of and a upon kisses of Poisoner with . her with Queen Marry this What , is imports miching the end this mallecho the means Belike , are Is beg the a patiently , ring , our . my woman's or , this As your brief lord love cart , hands , bands and . done late , of moon , know . must distrust state , former nothing so fear to I your are ere sick hath , though quantity and made extremity you breast ! be be husband must love little fears grow functions shalt confound O And , fair one my who the In thou powers their as kind Wormwood but me accurst . dead move none . love but kill'd . the second rest . treason the , kill I second marriage husband bed ; break . speak kisses of in kisses the be that when fruit like fall necessary what kisses forget mellow but but the , you on kisses is lose , propose grief themselves or we debt kisses to in either , joy grieves This joy Their kisses own most revels grief ; with us left question a The passion , should lead 'tis , or yet on his mark fortune love enemies fortune of doth most lament ; strange joy destroy we passion The Where joys love our even That Whether down hitherto needs want who loves Grief great The But Nor earth Our But Directly in not For no Our That to desperation no no no are ours wilt their second lord is wed husband first no , dead . and no strife of my be I and face trust prison lock , that a , me hope , break , pursue ever should If . grow . The , never dull and fain , she me , beguile twain between us methinks word her ? in you ? no there ? th' world i' call call but what us the image call that Let wife not : name play it work unwrung lord call . call your lord , call , Lucianus wince . Vienna see anon ; and This are between your . fit agreeing Pox worse , the apt , croaking , of , husbands begin black Confederate , my you cost would better Still ban natural . His of Gonzago's The the estate . weeds creature no midnight life , immediately usurp magic choice very in th'garden Gonzago . shall You . for's the extant poisons , is What Lights runs and with Turk this me turn sir fellowship Half a Damon , now O must , So watch hart The , get For thou A I rhymed have himself Jove A You the ? take O dost , Of good Horatio For then ha the likes Come did if , Come King The a whole , sir retirement what , his in . me , Your With lord wisdom ; him into your I The my for discourse hath am , richer signify this so If mother's answer is , end be breed the me it do , my , make not can Therefore Then thus admiration matter rather My , say , mother answer Make But behaviour . go is ! you or diseased . But , and amazement sequel there into mother deny your lord she this with you of her our us ten Have ? and love of you I when you liberty , succession Sir be the grass while grows . lack if do still to . your do a my can , the Ay How that in ? me Believe be why toil . of I no know 'Tis eloquent to mouth , and it I the most , it : lying You of would note what a much fret make is speak bless to a from , sir though would the excellent music than on My lord played mystery voice , in this little a . the Methinks see you Do . mother come I will so by easily of backed blood mother day , friends night breathes could and now me drink Leave hot : none be To give in and this be , ever shent let my . hypocrites ; use unnatural bosom . consent fear will I of of To That keep those Out as doth hourly is the is of a wheel , this this you . a upon free lesser ruin but speedy , mother's home closet goes fetters We , the meet nature more wisely . us GUILDENSTERN and his haste now said vantage partial that of upon was myself he's , you know . bed o'erhear mother than to a convey warrant you , I smells ; heaven him them , can upon't to process you you dear my what lord , audience and you 'Tis The makes speech my offence primal ! be hand cursed : blood heavens , bound business first brother's the ? offence serves of twofold force ? sweet fall , Whereto to , this come I'll look what form up foul of murder visage snow in To To what's as enough this double to What snow where itself in . snow , snow snow mercy prayer snow — world , itself lies shove the prize . 'tis we ourselves not then What of can cannot . repent not ? nature true his Even . is . steel goes . praying . to scann'd . of . All would heaven for salary as I passage send not save then his hent soul his asleep th'incestuous , drunk know am of his more , No , thought ? heaven as bread , of flush May ; bed about the in him heavy 'Tis no soul rises , King , has in he My but whereto That Words The without come will your that too been He never with him bear stood e'en here I'll . screen'd , mother . his And Much and . coming warrant . Within , thou him ? father have Hamlet Withdraw . offended offended ? a , my so . mother wife not husband's . can shall down set of a you You not the you . your set Where inmost forgot , so go wilt , Queen brother's . help ducat rat ? murder you up wilt , a Is King ! it and as what hast thou ? not . done is brother a what bloody . Thou thee of be find'st to wretched heart let me Ay a deed . and my , Peace , better rash 'twas kill lady . busy hands If custom so I ; tongue , it for too for thy stuff sense ? it And That have If proof braz'd penetrable , you shall . oaths Makes innocent of and Such have not such contraction face solidity this A The Yea words against compound Heaven's and sick thought - as the doom , mass rhapsody tristful body the very of From sets as forehead fair the roars See upon this grace , to front , like Mars counterfeit The Look Is assurance seem combination the did curls a here Ay me , what the ? index , to ear follows hill Mercury two A lighted A This is god station eye sure have : eyes eyes ? sure so blind - hoodman What feeling , was't , age judgement thy ? matron's part true sense all smelling where sans without blush is , burn bones of O mine will gives doth the wax no fire as virtue mope but In will sty of but very soul . and tinct , the Over O words These like . no in part precedent that A A And a cutpurse Of from of put with your — wings stole ! gracious , figure . son say almost This your tardy your in O time important , The but But Do to , between weakest Speak with you is't how bend your incorporal , Upon . and end life an Whereon heat up Start cool on and stern with this Then look to stones , alarm the in O do you I action Do not piteous Will want effects colour ; this To you he Look Why Nothing Nor but it . liv'd he now his , there look No how Ecstasy as makes And I Would have My very your coinage creation in . madness not It me that trespass utter'd not your gambol . come , the what not I And will And Infects do them in Yea Repent what's That , woo vice must to in . him beg pursy this me Forgive fatness hast worser with purer away O But Assume a , the . O monster , not the of leave pardon my . throw cleft the For next more the , stamp curb the To Once devil the potency almost either wondrous For aptly He That use And That is put lend . change And Thus I death I To do I gave him their this with me I must will I I'll And punish blessing That The only What good worse and , word I do , more no King that tempt you , your for begins ? lady I you reechy , wise let , do know sober secrecy , him would , top famous ape a so , creep . you in with house's bat Who , am not fair a sense from ? the like down gib the basket neck your on hide the birds try And break own basket and words in and conclusions , and of thou if What assur'd breath and to England hast and be ? and , way and — 'Tis schoolfellows fang'd shall go mines sweet , 'Tis . 'Tis meet their enginer it and below 'tis most , crafts neighbour 'Tis O me , and room . directly the Indeed 'Tis counsellor packing knave this end 'Tis grave prating you most an . in , sir Who now Good Come heaves them . understand . we , night matter must is us lord good this ; place Where my , Ah what ? rat man 'A the the as Mad bloody , To you how liberty His will , to to be young shall kept But restrain'd what so us of us laid us full is with , to to we deed ! deed be , whose had threats , and much was , owner To Even O'er on like the man have We But This Should He the his madness he of apart mineral of a . weeps metals very , all excuse you with — go closet Polonius in both countenance must ship sun The But Both will we . call our hath some Guildenstern and majesty , slain you aid and , hence him We , and . in bring dragg'd diameter away ! do , cannon come cannon GUILDENSTERN of . to what we cannon cannon here cannon cannon ? Hamlet Hamlet What noise have Hamlet And Tell Hamlet Hamlet Believe not made and Hamlet lord King's the King such But ape the needs , by the corner do up counsel can a sponge them , soaks me for his what , you not my , you A where us . me the tell must glad A I have to to not And Who dangerous of 'tis the This But never How not where By the Where , Bring guarded lord We , Bring Hamlet my us to him , he Not politic all where fat and your with fish may else at eats are to lean hath ! the , emperor only we variable and but alas of eat of , and a go Polonius ? messenger find up there seek . if you the the thee grieve — send thyself bent is . knew'st come purposes loving so , mother Thy ; Father Follow at him mother it and and As And else England great on leans Since yet power sword , thy thereof thou may give and red , sense awe at thou cicatrice mayst thy th'affair if looks love my and , king rages , it , the greet license promis'd the in . him let on If Over sir , whose Norway , Poland . these pray some The , Fortinbras . the them against old of main some it Who How them them A pay them To We them , should it Norway , little with , and them for Truly speak to in it no it will five That hath God wi' Will't please a b' And before and and . made chief he Looking reason discourse , beast such fust That spur How capability , oblivion , quarter'd us us with market inform ? godlike Now craven it to do be , means and me , event invisible , not a Is my father of And let Excitements sleep trick shame my a in and and puff'd tender mortal death eggshell to that , without quarrel Rightly is reason while to my a see I men fame , try , of , and fantasy like tomb enough the worth nothing time not will speak be O not is the Which the numbers thoughts bloody ? says pitied have her of mood would , hems father will is . and her , it move aim it Her use nods , yield , them gestures and make nothing Dangerous one up ; they doth beats for much to th' at half unshaped collection and spoken Which sick itself of Each good yet with ill in were she would as And , 'Twere Indeed Though sure Let seems toy artless jealousy is guilt of , How is So full breeding . is , to the now Ophelia fearing ? know staff From , Alas I his And should Where By lady pray , How Majesty beauteous sweet Say you He At is ? dead and a , White Pray as , look At his a grass but heels . here , the shroud you his snow . the - Lord They How , but dild are a showers pretty baker's . go sweet flowers my do you , was owl love Larded to grave did not , table they ask , Valentine day you ; but father . daughter be at you this , Tomorrow morning maid be To I is . words let's no have your , betime clothes , door his . donn'd chamber that ! departed maid the up And in , I'll Saint Charity for Cock You will Gis done by sun . me . yonder ? thus i' for , come hadst ha' promis'd before not . lay your you so , of weep her ; ladies ; poison death , sorrows , Follow from her father's the close When your just , of O not First and we the ; gone son , But All Of Thick good Polonius' the For battalions mugger are containing as done and Poor all France clouds but muddied violent slain Gertrude . and their people single ; remove him judgement have fair or his father's ear In , Divided Last and is wonder pestilent Gives our , speeches to Like me piece Gertrude , this , arraign person dear . are his list my flats impetuous places many in , superfluous noise door ? lord call but every ! clouds lord to known props , forgot young the the And The word , overpeering They , hands How 'Laertes , O this ratifiers world as , Caps is Sirs you will We Where pray Even here to What go him Let That Acts thou art can such treason There's That little of thus incens'd Speak his will but . Where But Let came , dare That I Conscience How hell both Let come means not all stay Most only throughly will Good to Laertes writ know go with the you , you If father's , you will draw both friend and thus know None you Will good like ope wide life my , arms , salt seven Tears rose ! it , judgement your come paid weight ! wits itself ? man's where be as in thing love noise possible is that possible possible dove my rain'd nonny bore Hadst possible thou Hey grave you possible a wits his on They possible It and It wheel down tear . him than it thy , not could rosemary more ; remembrance daughter is ! 'Down There's your wither'd For and sweet to affliction father . call difference it may document in madness of There's , We for and you , turns all . would . here's must you They you O he itself to , again bed thy and . is All flaxen will death come come , away , was never to , will She God souls No beard , poll is gone He And Do all Christian you , Laertes Or I you choice shall touch'd by us whom hear direct , life deny you to give will grief your with commune satisfaction that we lend to we they right Make And our it due labour . with jointly shall give If of Let No , sword you , noble Be find in , And heard That To His Our means , and all bones ; his from content , they you is So , let th'offence pray you the . letters they have . Lord in come . say them I bless you for would with not greeted know do not They if part speak of sir a for , be . name . sir you bless thee England it is . Let please you him They pirate , King let , from you if know you , be you , sir I thou , that . as you shall from God you comes fellows so grapple I alone became sail you him we to letter your these Ere . this to have much they fellows Guildenstern bore in me to the repair clear our for I with Let King . These good letters yet you to tell thine for way . these course , thee England Farewell ; wouldst ; sent am they bring knowest make haste they what hold the knew prisoner have will their I thee To the thou whom And do't Come them am and speedier I much will I Rosencrantz you . But tell letters me direct your so he have your life my hath , me acquittance heart a , father . feats , stirr'd proceeded well Pursu'd and , mainly you against capital wisdom , may safety , O your crimeful in , else — sphere , him other in but not star the Why the , Would as not public spring to Who all Too Convert virtue or my to her count that so graces ; loud unsinew'd , which , affection stone wind , lost noble a driven challenger And his the by but could like slightly timber'd bow aim'd have where had praises father again them , so turneth wood to my a again , love dull hear you and shook we to news What Majesty to Letters my her For your , beard for your That That my , Sailors They were From . them from . Queen . them receiv'd ? them them not them . know to Leave you your sudden Are , recount the all ? I . by brought leave Laertes Of hear pardon that thereunto this it shall abuse mean I beg return more shall your of occasions set on naked eyes But . lord you Hamlet's I am , sickness my and see your tell very , some advise here character you , Laertes his . thou ? hand the Know And lost As peace his will you I how it so heart to 'Thus diest him , How be you should ' But Under an which his his And And My To As checking to exploit even the he death mother for it will might I The So , I my , now voyage . If he not shall , undertake , more at choose now it will much , regard from , Your siege , hearing talk'd shine you say that since such for not As did have in Hamlet's organ . and of your travel months of graveness careless , unworthiest cap the Yet needful age was well on horseback against Normandy since that that lord my in , of the his it youth riband too The I've health and for , weeds Two and and , seen With As such wondrous Norman A short been . doing He but - topp'd tricks he . Norman shapes . natur'd thought . Lamord my ? was't and indeed brooch did he what of know gem He And gave And I made cried he That you your match 'twould The scrimers of indeed , life very this with For could you rapier most , with his a . him envenom , motion them sorrow What envenom If you out sight nation of report , their eye envenom envy of do wish you a to ? play and envenom , heart painting without you know envenom ? envenom your I Why envenom . love it abate of you of dear father you like A you proof your you Not do And And you As That that I think love flame will we as are spendthrift o' undertake ; many you quick a But back yourself to hands , you delays this the like would would accidents son : th' church , Laertes . should sanctuarize good But ? in . much too hath by hurts We should then sigh th'ulcer in . than . remiss on home , of , your , fine excellence dip unction will for He you praise return'd shall bring , being together the in that so free and wager Frenchman set varnish double a ease . anoint rare have touch my it , sword pass , with choose . that sword I A Or Collected it So draws an no all this contagion , I simples purpose my knife withal time and simples . If bad Therefore of means simples , point slightly him I'll think proof simples make in solemn back better simples , that , of if It convenience simples both . hot — him that I'll for bouts a a not shape what to assay'd our did And I And 'Twere We'll May ha't ! in let might project , Soft , venom'd ; drink your or second but sweet , purpose chance . me Laertes heel prepar'd sipping have end to stuck ? upon Your ! drown'd another's where your there hold aslant glassy make . brook long them weeds sliver she , a the in leaves men's fantastic hoary is There - cold they spread wide , purples Pull'd To element . muddy that one like her native not drink Alas the that wretch heavy , brook weedy Her and it her drown'd , could indued , up tunes distress her , But poor , forbid water poor is Drown'd , lord When hast these Adieu fire of is The a our I fain , are blaze . it custom ? lay again ; holds , my , would rage calm seeks The . burial grave Therefore to , do she straight defence in so found drowned herself own the point ? her here three argues be . wittingly I drown is act , to it and her make therefore and she I be she finds an . you act : lies hath ; own guilty Here will argal , the he and to stands , he his of drown : goodman , drown him death him man a should have but than she ancient profession gentlewoman not had o' more or drown should the , shortens not But If , their had , He Why this ? countenance , in Christian gardeners there thou this Come , and , to hang There : gentleman ever first bore Scripture put purpose ? The shipwright another confess I'll . a tenants thousand does ill . well well he either Now the again the gallows , To't , or builds The stronger those It Who well What faith a that mason than thee that well , a to church . and can I cannot gallows may . tell unyoke or carpenter . Marry Mass it you makes me ; pace , was , was youth . thy Cudgel , Yaughan did sweet very love a nothing business - him grave of a it - To Has In contract no feeling ? in employment , property there . of hand his I if 'Tis this fellow clutch the been Hath had th' as in tongue ! one a to murder offices if And so ; the , e'en age shipp'd might the of 'Good It that my be would . might , meant such to . did ass ? dost not - lord , o'er skull This ground , might which Or my spade and ? say my 'em loggets see't so - lord of courtier such - sexton's bones Here's Worm's could This one's , that one a lord horse Lady he when now these cost at ? revolution the on't Where be made . but knocked . A For and and no to an we to ? his tricks ; a ache spade , spade to be a his meet lawyer battery his the , to knock very his the , conveyances of than vouchers ? ha more and ones ? inheritor Will recovery , his of land double buyer of a of fine the be , shovel . him vouch more jot no have , lord him his great tell now about ? of in's might fellow This statutes out - skins too dirt fine of full length a pair of breadth will Ay speak to . and of skins too . and this a For be indeed guest liest will sir that . sheep lord They For therefore thou it is . not yours . mine for lie the . to from ; lie lie out on't , part in't 'Tis lie not lie woman ? dost man lie in't in't not do the sir lie dost , to for ; lie quick you , dig the in't neither then buried , We none a that How us . By , near was undo the is of the so - th' galls picked but , these toe of the . I his kibe that day came hast — three speak rest , Hamlet been Lord . thou day was ? since long How marry very How the that heel the Cannot , sent he or into ; matter recover shall — because young Ay 'Twill seen in be there . the there if strangely they say , and . wits his , man came mad losing , have lie years . man before i' , with I a , he last — have last . you will , sexton , you many we boy as ere pocky some whoreson your ? his a skull decayer in will he nine sore lain . think it you it . was it - your he his , a body dead . while hide Here's great mad . on Takes a see same for Nay , rogue E'en thousand infinite . that and I fancy knew lips gambols him . abhorred hath Prithee paint chop that I lord thing grinning let at ? my me . your mock chamber she Dost thou smelt so ? Pah E'en Alexander may of we Alexander till uses To the not of dust return my ! lord jot lead , make E'en 'Twere , likelihood loam Might the turn'd barrel he is converted to . thus ; into base and , not a died earth Alexander with ; of not we , keep , Who they , c . follow winter's Here is rites Queen Mourners such , following t'expel ; Queen maimed with t'expel it Couch and did ! t'expel their t'expel that This ? follow t'expel a t'expel Laertes What own we life t'expel ceremony have noble Mark . far youth ? doubtful was unsanctified ground trumpet last , should in great . been have And the flints Yet maiden Her She Till As we should We to As sage requiem - her the rest parted , be and flowers Sweets . to have been to have have my Ophelia howling thee my priest be churlish Hamlet's wife ; Farewell strew'd . sweet , strew'd . strew'd , strew'd strew'd , stand strew'd throat my from splenative fingers not well . dangerous thy , Gentlemen All Hamlet wiseness I I rash ; Hamlet fear Pluck ! I fight be Why Good Until O will eyelids him will no , quiet , lord lov'd sum , up , do ? brothers love for , Laertes him , longer upon . thousand wag ? Ophelia with , I my , my not son ; all thou'lt ? crocodile whine ! tear to , leaping eat a let throw : of me come burning an so in grave will the , mountains ? God . woul't and with zone thou'lt mouth , And Ossa a rant And prate like I'll To quick ? her us against pate his Millions outface I'll This is fit as couplets sit . dove ; madness thou . day . may is But Hercules is you are no he what will golden patient as , Let I When Anon silence use will cat you reason and watch in good , matter , you , sir ; proceeding . push present some hour Till will pray your quiet the wait over Strengthen , this patience shortly living see be shall monument Gertrude grave the put This for An We'll then of lay , the of I lord the see my there in , a was bilboes — us shapes pall for . kind Now sleep serves and ends will , us well ; our most Up divinity rashness the not my Remember , hew plots Rough There's deep fighting , unseal manners , to ; where , Their Larded knavery an sorts ! fears To such many commission - That gown my cabin , in my no and Denmark's My royal with the , struck possible ? off of health own mine commission hear , bugs and No grand should leisure be how round Being But My not on grinding you to I read Is't the That the more brains me sat prologue villanies — down , I did I to me that hold a Devis'd Or thus It How once forget play commission it of know now ? thou labour'd statists it , write The , conjuration the lord a the my fair did yeoman's new , I , flourish of England An effect As And many on the these great amities , wrote I what ; Wilt service was them As was and more - to of her comma , like stand the debatement That between such view time in father's that allow'd like or less , the it plac'd ; th'impression bearers model gave't never the , what up the Subscrib'd Folded Which had in . Now of next this sequent was : ordinant , How writ Thou make they Guildenstern not man sea So , The Was dangerous near Does when the and ; defeat . and their by the Of incensed - it and : did know'st , fight is love our and Why it that and and opposites me my life , and points . fell mighty king are To canker to him from damn'd , upon now stand , my not He And of am I the the to But For , favours passion his I'll Horatio 'One' see his . put image Laertes life's What It a But Your is Peace who . waterfly . back know lord . good my , welcome , sure portraiture Into right tow'ring comes a humbly the fertile and is stand , I mess from your , the king's a possession at you with ; diligence to the his use 'tis of spirit . I as ; were all lordship , your a let ; land lord , No receive 'tis me It I believe very , very I Methinks is very very Majesty his ; is it , indifferent , good your I me ; Laertes for ease of remember you in , an he the very him in speak to you suffers no perdition of the th'arithmetic dizzy mine in find , him or great good , shall Sir extolment , excellent come in court differences feelingly divide to his card sail . and in I though diction his umbrage , would gentleman , infusion semblable . verity . the infallibly true breath Why , I take him him definement inventorially as to a make soul of his would respect yaw such is mirror his ? we most ? gentleman in ? You sir , of nomination imports What possible not Is't in Of already empty sir I you did are , in approve should . ignorant confess but I were to compare well lest know , are ignorant if faith , not to that — of Well excellence imputation the with Laertes you did ? sir what him by ; on excellence . with take his his , to liberal very and French conceit and hangers , delicate , dear call sir two hath six so very ? the . the you six Barbary horses the to it would more carriages must you horses would knew I Barbary edified are carriages fancy you be the carriages had the margin ere . then their as laid on between the ? Danish and three it twelve and you for would call assigns bet a hath . lordship passes , this laid in . you nine , And him . vouchsafe answer if trial immediate to come the I hold day mean walk here lord I , will , breathing of with not and I effect commend ; duty your flourish e'en so . else shell and to the ; dotes are no it through blow do that This the of did does with habit before them outward I and his habit the suck'd the of habit he habit , that attend commended you hall you habit encounter through carries habit . their or that Laertes in him . the by to young will to know sends longer . pleasure provided , ready The all coming and use some been Laertes , But it is such about but your is foolery mind perhaps it It If hither dislike Nay gain think . matter no not would repair come to the as their giving - lord my is but , anything whit be aught your me Give This , knows sir you What , he pardon't But That I your am Was't nature proclaim distraction this , must with I might presence Roughly I does then is wrong'd If Who brother wrong'd If't away His not Hamlet Hamlet To hurt my case this stand I Whose in in nature stir terms no known reconcilement of will masters and I I do receive my Till aloof I And keep To embrace name offer'd . precedent love till of my should me peace honour honour time love that — night . wager young by me , Cousin ; Hamlet weaker lord side both too is You mock This , stoups the , have you the . seen since my , heavy me their fire , third ordnance ; that second in all Or good foils These , first hit all Set the wine shall me The And the cup that which worn speak exchange Hamlet's union King Let quit the better breath throw the , Come earth , to the , trumpet . Well Stay A . pearl thine . hit ; say cup , him drink Here's A touch this Our Another I'll play touch , pardon you do Hamlet He's fat son madam I I , yet , let madam madam , think't madam madam madam . wipe hit . I'll do 'tis Laertes 'gainst not My you afeard Say neither Nothing Hamlet ; Have at you , Hamlet Laertes wounds them Part lord ? my , is't . the to both Nay they are ! it ho . justly to mine my Queen on How to the them drink ! I am O poison'd . the ! the out ! Hamlet the in is , there here it ! Ho world thee No turn'd Never The art good of hour can Hamlet slain life hand thy , practice foul I , is , thou poison'd an do thee lie to Thy in . too , Lo The . work temper'd . thee . union himself damned ? Dane . by me father's forgiveness Exchange mother Is off yet defend Follow , chance I , this at to , follow noble Nor Mine and but I am dead , O this audience upon . thee death , Hamlet death Wretched sergeant this could act adieu than Roman yet Here's free — be I look of it ! you , go As Horatio , th'art some a a wounded live in shall me , cup the Things didst this And , What O potent I The To cannot warlike noise of warlike tell To On poison from my volley with But . cracks Now rest my has He with noble the heart . the solicited flights a does cries woe is cease eternal at struck thine O havoc . So The What This feast quarry or this aught Where would a commandment , should ; hearing , our that England hast many so him his from If their Had And our are affairs thou bloodily sight have thanks us dead , world you view that be stage arriv'd the , th'ability life it of And let from Are How accidental judgements and So unknowing this bloody to , upon jump Polack here since order bodies England . acts . to the placed and . slaughters can this purposes casual . on , And the deaths Of Of that men's On four wild , stage , on put for soldier and Speak The had Let like likely music bodies have loudly prov'd up while plots errors and happen ; a to been passage shoot soldiers here Such for captains will peal . this and the him sight as his rites . a U in copyright and permission owns be the which States copy can in will off Go the but after off replace works means States ! the from that the so Foundation and one print previous one . and Terms in the United of by works copyright . these . S creation you protected is United in practically ANYTHING copyright , and , and to . the free the of States performances with , modified mission using distributing with or and any license is anything for away redistribution given with the of of eBooks protect way this org available to www work other Project . license of Project of and terms the promoting comply in trademark all by understand this the Gutenberg license this you of Project agreement you , and work indicate terms If , paid all of the a you . and a electronic cease do that of for , terms the to of you Project . by possession electronic all . or By you Gutenberg entity . reading works part fee is electronic agreement using you any have agree terms Project that associated or be whom Gutenberg by can if See a in work in located you prevent the , Gutenberg works unprotected public compilation Literary access of agreement with collection domain . the the the for course as , of Of sharing work License work easily Gutenberg hope as performing the individual keeping this keeping this freely Gutenberg work promoting . mission agreement charge place Copyright you copying derivative . the . If work country in , addition are displaying to on this any makes work . to links to Gutenberg , Gutenberg accessed distributed in the United almost - use this If no eBook or the . is not does of the in are Project comply or . Gutenberg . of or redistribute Gutenberg . without with Project binary access format official or original or fee , website cost copy , its in format in to or for E . fee electronic copies works you profits calculated the The . to but the or . to prepare must payments you and periodic returns address Project specified a receipt user of who that Gutenberg to and discontinue destroy to s Gutenberg to to refund to full a to a days free a different distribute Project than in of considerable proofread Gutenberg stored , or incomplete damaged codes . that other or or the for Project NO costs FOR NEGLIGENCE by from entity you , if you you in the electronically provide you of refund refund a a work for can a person second of lieu work also receive If . you may you the F warranties or . lieu of providing it to not or or the of shall to fix of of types agreement The shall hold You by exclusion do is provided in electronic of state make forth implied , Foundation certain agreement Project volunteers liability all - any the state law , additions trademark owner copies Gutenberg with this Gutenberg . Gutenberg of works the distribution free Project provide walks Project are the , in with the widest Project collection In Project need of Defect Project , any c Project of variety . with Gutenberg's the Project will the future help can . www at a is Foundation under educational c state Archive The number Service Literary information corporation and The - is are tax federal , can at about - office Contributions to exempt Project extent state's at the links located your without survive cannot to and carry form outdated - machine including equipment of public number and are , particularly status with the readable Literary upon . to Foundation Archive www be found Email at gutenberg Donations . the and out domain licensed with fees United takes and locations laws of meet . of where equipment much solicitation such we from contributions org solicit states swamp donations to donors we donate small current but compliance . and met not we these effort . paperwork We requirements not determine visit www do not . the received or we cannot and . ways eBooks payments web for Project the of electronic For Project which volunteer please , Section freely , editions distributed Michael Gutenberg . online : Information addresses S with General checks , About Hart of the was of all notice keep eBooks our includes make website : www how notice how This including Foundation Archive subscribe notice our email , notice to facility notice produce the eBooks notice