. unfold yourself and . hour , bed upon to your . and , hear , Marcellus . do If you Well meet , them is there . ho good reliev'd the Dane hath who , Holla , Barnardo ! Give is you ? piece Welcome , Say A . Horatio , him of of again appear'd 'tis let not this eyes speak . not And Horatio us of along . him have I Touching the and entreated to appear story . down Barnardo fortified once , Sit nights we That let us Well let When bell then , t'illume that part the myself one and . again , dead it like speak it . It art march the thou sometimes Did ! stalks It heaven I buried and warlike form majesty of time offended it , See , gone ! speak ! avouch this ! eyes like ! on had , when ! he When was not art the As ? true to thou he once smote the Thus Good But This Why What might not Does divide is't the , whisper night be the for toils why toward labourer me ? day task ; of , from this inform the cannon sweaty with I can goes so appear'd Fortinbras emulate pride Norway , lands same design'd young , article by the , of . Norway sir inheritance carriage Hamlet unimproved skirts of ; the fell by Against For Was in Shark'd Of That it a food the As And That A mote was In the graves Did squeak A The in with it little sick Upon stars As And As the almost sun of trains fire Neptune's the . together the like Was is the tenantless ; me blast it even harbingers preceding precurse and the in gibber and influence soft cross But may If hast omen still the demonstrated again , to done fate avoid ! thy to Speak O thy , me country's and , good earth , art thou in Or there any be Stay it happily , thou treasure if Extorted of I strike if , Shall Do it Speak Stop it 'Tis gone . violence invulnerable , the as blows malicious , majestical . vain speak was , warning or hies , heard a like . his earth the . cock in to , the and and the have guilty shrill trumpet erring and day lofty god sea present . Th'extravagant Saviour's singeth all that of 'gainst crowing birth To fairy The And then Some , of dawning then witch wholesome say they , nights hallow'd young spirit Break I pray find shall we Laertes Cornelius Lords , I nature him . befitted whole us kingdom our , yet Though memory Hamlet That mirth With we , and to jointress one 'twere and in In Have Taken With Now this funeral as sometime be To With follows Your to He hath fail'd Importing dream of . with To Lost and ourself our Now Our is and is Out is Of let you , further you we here is Voltemand , the these this good , Giving with dilated is to are : subject Cornelius , his is of . news of , and the business Farewell that In We And Than What what's nothing farewell duty duty ? Laertes asking , to came duty to France , mouth the not offer more be not shall The Your and Dread is is thoughts To leave the thou have , return I confess wishes your from and . done toward that me says and I whence favour , again wrung petition , I give him seal'd ; lord will you By do Take And your hour beseech my , Upon I Laertes that the lord Laertes cast , Hamlet too Laertes and kin clouds still cousin graces my , Laertes Laertes much Laertes colour am with thy noble a friend hang lives on off ? I ; through common look nighted dust must be it seems Why Thou , it so with , common is particular thee not . grief , of play ; eye cloak forc'd in the breath black know , seems ; woe Hamlet of indeed shows , in in ; father father and nature which man a within that actions in obsequious obstinate will understanding know unfortified , in most the grief course to some in , your to . his the in survivor father your , is incorrect most be thing 'tis unschool'd mind An any should absurd , As Take A 'This of reason fault a be dead Why Is are I In It going most retrograde , school father nobility to the think still whose he , theme , note love and throw world , you , throne son take For you immediate no , you and cousin her us ; prayers our our , to madam Hamlet . Wittenberg eye desire : you . Madam fair . whereof drinks bruit come again tell , away ! melt unprofitable ! come much not this in should unweeded world Come God nature dew and 'tis uses of this God ! two old were she is — him within grown earth tongue must speed , to . my . come your heart , not the . O A mourn'd to flushing wicked to it . forget my to Hail am glad . Horatio . The And you that , servant good Marcellus Wittenberg change your , good to see glad in you . my poor Sir And am friend ; you with Horatio ? report truant so say enemy your you ear not shall would To , was my see to , fellow . hard . follow'd wedding . tables in , day I methinks — I Thrift , coldly I , Where eye . all , again take I Who the lord In at point thus Two Marcellus Armed encounter'd and them and , A and Barnardo and nights dead And I dumb , In Almost Within Where his their slow Appears by , with to speak truncheon's oppress'd jelly dreadful with thing apparition not knew made your are word deliver'd of the hands night third , comes each platform where speak I it But at the then 'Tis very strange 'tis true methought did and once did away sight in cock it our shrunk sound my , you sirs Hold indeed To you , Both do , Arm'd Arm'd My We my From lord my my my my yes my head to . my lord , more saw , wore my . up anger . you hundred . saw't ? no , in life tonight watch I A I was , as seen have sable will his . again it father's person , tongue , all . walk warrant And will Give be have hold If speak to it whatsoever And bid me my , tenable conceal'd . I in understanding loves Upon I I the arms play earth then doubt father's loves to mine ! rise well were the foul to . are them to would men's deeds eyes . sleep do from you that trifling let Hamlet Hold For sister But doubt the fashion , Do , assistant , And A more but . and permanent suppliance not ; and In Grows For now bulk Think thews virtue inward And The wide greatness he himself as ; is sanctity not may for The His For weigh'd withal . soil will , this be of he ; deed saying the his your the Unto And , is but will subject his his unvalu'd on his his wisdom in what loss or To your Than Whereof therefore Carve must health of choice whole it body , songs ; lies dew . fear disclos'd strokes spring , near none , best are infants calumnious , youth , my brother heaven , of the as heart of and not lesson good But most though be else do libertine ; imminent some and ; grace me second leave . shame double a a , shoulder . for sits Laertes double And Nor and by my , of . comes your with memory thoughts but thy Beware you . wind you thou familiar not But Of Those Be any Look friends unproportion'd , soul thy ; but may rich purse but quarrel of beware unfledg'd ear thine habit apparel oft in , express'd not a fancy thy but th'opposed thy And For Neither most of nor lender be : man best as ; France a both edge the false own self night my take I be borrower oft must canst : follow my then do , I What have well , you lock'd memory in my keep said 'Tis Most So you is't shall to key . bethought of Hamlet yourself and you : very hath to you most as 'tis and ; I must , tell you . me on the Give daughter caution been audience , behoves hath Have Marry , well oft late bounteous . clearly honour made circumstance call think , a . dearly more true pay , poor baby think ; a with importun'd the love fashion the , crack he , fashion the countenance given of vows call honourable . I'll not thus ; these sterling to . fool go ; speech . his holy . prodigal blazes these how I do . to go my heaven soul , heat , heat daughter in , a - both heat , heat heat heat heat forth . ways lord ; air It nipping ? What think it is struck . near walk to draws wont spirit . air . of lacks it heard the the and drains his it No I Wherein I ? Indeed does King as The this tonight and drum he wassail , my , draughts of What to honour'd heavy traduc'd They Makes clepe our us though perform'd our indeed . height : attribute particular swinish takes them , pure of that forts complexion of Fortune's the , Nature's Carrying form virtues by breaking down birth , some nature in not , reason — too and his they origin much , star — o'erleavens stamp particular the all that As else infinite man may censure . substance lord own it comes or questionable in heaven of of hell wicked speak will father I Let op'd up again thee ! again of the fools disposition of , the O ; in death , Hamlet thee but , call inurn'd hearsed ; and What in may , quietly why marble jaws mean we steel . it means then will lord my ; it , that itself a it at be . fear the the the every into toys madness horrible sea my , lord cliff the flood the dreadful base of sovereignty summit into other , many hears And That might Which more place into you draw The very on My each fate rul'd ; As hardy , call'd And I'll am I heaven By rotten in He 'tis . after follow waxes Let's thus obey come this to ? Whither thou wilt Must myself render to tormenting ghost up will almost and . hear . hearing to , forbid night the , fires nature am house , word , their part on . end from freeze whose thy spheres blood young fretful , list list unnatural ! most in , swift . of I the , strange Murder God ! and . is . unnatural with revenge to sweep , know't May I find this rots A serpent Rankly Wouldst given ; a me so . life wharf , orchard Hamlet Lethe whole my death hear Denmark , beast gifts shameful queen lust there virtuous - was was ; to that of dignity will were in , heaven ; mov'd , power ; link'd of it and with his , air orchard vow a a be poor decline natural a I Sleeping natural gates Holds such a the juice Upon custom But With a a The leperous enmity as swift And curd thin Most Of No With not hast Let thou Taint prick The glow - thorns worm ; host couple , you And shall ; And ; saws , That , youth I'll of all , all copied and all , observation forms the away , Ay , That . O . tables villain . book . matter . Yes pernicious most . My . Illo . Within Within . lord ! come ? it Heaven So How ho , boy , Hillo is't Come my , O , reveal lord my say then , you'll heart of ? my once . heaven lord man lord . secret arrant lord , the right ne'er he's us To heaven , MARCELLUS Denmark from . are circumstance we hath business that man ; These You , Such I'm I hold no you my , part lord . offend , heartily and they faith sorry whirling you are ghost , to . Touching tell and ? MARCELLUS will . Never my may And , Give For . lord , sword , lord my indeed , sword my . Swear . stage . Propose you Consent that Swear of ? Art thou lord my this Never to . the in the truepenny ? oath Come your speak to Hic et by Beneath ubique lay hither my heard . come mercy Horatio welcome — fast it shall disposition put perchance an I philosophy and stranger but ! and How As or , a more Once day are more night in odd your I as are There , As 'If your With Or by encumber'd To soe'er never in your give on your never and be , not do they if and out : giving 'There — most . at Swear your know' arms , of , hereafter , phrase or your mercy aught speak' pronouncing you , times ambiguous of rest all And what so poor . So , I love perturbed Swear gentlemen . Beneath ; me your note , spirit my , Rest t'express May With us , I , do of to O together go set Let . a man . go friending lips let's cursed your born was these , will his make to visit marvellous I Before shall Give Marry And how , What By As they Than know your particular expense will it . Reynaldo you do what come you very well , and some well — him' part thus in , his distant are in where question means said . Look you , sir , his 'I , 'And But ' As forgeries I , ' And ' may put rank ; so ; that and As Quarrelling ' or , companions sir As ' ' ; please if't Addicted What you him ' my drabbing swearing far ' him . quaintly faults incontinency on him so lord , gaming Ay , My You Faith as not flash That of seem savageness , must you another season , liberty of it in . working . this drift soil'd , prenominate little slight ? laying is sullies seen ever I You these you , breathe in the or phrase the to so closes a it a in with or ' According 'Good Of sir He And He then does I By was 'friend or so , say my . consequence something about country . this , I , say 'closes 'closes , there t'other the day , o'ertook marry 'gentleman and . to about was , mass in the you him gaming at , brothel falling such out , Your a of windlasses you So , and this takes enter or tennis' Shall God my By And Good you , My I shall his Observe b' son lord . my Farewell , How Ophelia I have , what as God sewing lord , so lord down and his And Pale as if speak Ungart'red with hat No of a shirt his I Hamlet My thy but My As To Lord his doublet , his knocking me ankle his to hell other ? love he and of stay'd his o'er perusal Long shaking all he a . it , draw a waving up and his doors way on me help their me . ecstasy of will I , seem'd his with out Come but natures our his lord repel you afflict His did . desperate as given have , does As oft And leads the will What That meant to cast ourselves our our to fear'd better him That that with he heed judgement . so ; call King , love to Guildenstern you see you heard , it did provoke , should him th'understanding , companies you up . from of vouchsafe your to th'understanding being since To th'understanding , so father's , death th'understanding so you unknown lies hath th'understanding th'understanding And Good To you little him draw That time to , from to aught Whether So Some on I us time receive , into us majesties power to sovereign your give service feet of , dread by here And Thanks Thanks Rosencrantz , changed these gentlemen where and to him our presence helpful . My And amen , return'd , my . my to or that I that of — else news good my — trail do , us'd God duty my this I great have cause very The And to do I , hold Both it shall do Thyself He Give first that My the of queen doubt head be tells Most Say Upon our , His , nephew's To That was , sickness which rebuke Fortinbras Was It falsely his Highness in fine obeys arrests impotence whereat , Highness soldiers Highness crowns employ annual with more Majesty joy and arms vow from before , Highness , Norway against ; in Highness his entreaty So And Whereon borne Highness On old give Makes Norway as before Highness him thousand commission an That such dominions at your for think well set please you herein for this to your Through , our likes you , Most is well and This your As at thank rest , time business . we'll took . read well feast : nothing son . with go art ; will I matter brief to liege Your My be , what of Your . art no And remains Your , then I Your Your let that . Your mad ? Your but pity , all . thus of this now at figure , by of mad 'tis for him , mine , surmise Perpend . remainder comes cause the grant us we given in a me her , defective obedience the and — daughter and a but vile Hamlet I stay ill phrase , my the most beautified . faithful to not , show'd is , best I this daughter his means his receiv'd mine she you do how a . would fain prove seen this so , told daughter Majesty hot But love faithful think of and honourable , that you - think you , and . her , resort of short — watch the madness all lightness we And now receive from my into raves , to tale a this he ? ''Tis so , know I'd very be positively prov'd Not from this may said together hours try . it sometimes Here walks . How At And encounter no a We . state for from keep sadly where But Let me Be good O beseech you assistant me . both . leave ? lord Not you my - a I Do , this be carrion , thousand true you a . breed the ten That's her not walk Have Conception is . blessing . he , far daughter is . truly I'll gone How I have , as Yet ; for my to't harping much fishmonger do extremity What , love . lord says wrinkled satirical the matter are faces that and their hams weak . they slave Between read though , backward be old honesty to have if lord method , that you , which it All have not be hold here I am I ; their eyes purging like in't ? air means are sanity could My honourable A is Will Aside you replies not Though suddenly contrive withal except , lord you , from , most life . except will and I of anything life , of . part . is . life willingly sir lord I leave my take honoured you ; there my fools ! seek the save lord most friends thou dost lord Polonius My My . God . how earth are we , do her ? middle the in or , waist you the my lord , the near None particular Then live Then parts secret doomsday , of is , to true lord you . grown world's the that but you she my in Denmark ; being there many o' . worst th' . prison world which are the one lord one goodly 'tis then nothing a . good is too and one bounded be ambition makes , infinite it then think We were is indeed ambitious dreams , merely the are a Which , ambition of so shadow's monarchs and outstretch'd a ; nutshell space dream A Truly shadows beggars Shall are . We'll and ROSENCRANTZ such not upon GUILDENSTERN heroes my . But servants most make occasion for attended at you you ? And ; Come Were . Elsinore you wait I you beaten speak to To visit it that Is I my to your . You , good purpose Is end the Is a poor too . inclining ? come a thanks free Is am Is Is , me your justly ? Is should ? for have and is Is your were for , of not looks know But , anything . of by preserved withal you , then , have were , prevent for , rights , our could obligation me no we so and heavily custom of , you your , not know the lord What eye , Queen so look fretted roof seems to me a this , it fire and to no excellent will why ; lost all mirth have If . and of this most frame and you golden brave forgone . King goes , how And What , of than man , apprehension and majestical the , with , moving thing foul god , to and : woman beauty action this , neither is ; congregation in , how express like how air this other in , your not in my 'Man stuff such no animals paragon the an faculties you , of appears though you work is , me you delights , thoughts what me you no to what ; you have shall part th' peace the way entertainment you ? Lenten me' not . and tribute sere ; lover ? they such verse o' the target his service whose the those . freely are by better , ways the blank in reputation when ? rusty of means did they . not ; cry These they , so . and stages little berattle are goose Who children ? quality eyases of than grow longer pursue they so most they the their like afterwards rapiers most children are , of , and their endeavour aerie should their better no to no do controversy much ? can they if make poet and ? Is't to while the sides was went a and writers their for . about throwing carry it much of brains nation player the exclaim the been has Do , the there boys , my is Denmark my ; lord him they strange O sin to tarre unless for argument his and of King his father uncle apiece this in it out than for that Ay there make not is my more ducats of is yours me come . with , players - uncle - a - Well north my . fairly outward , are to and ceremony Your which mother . Elsinore to lord the , gentlemen with you at his . You . ear too When . see baby Happily prophesy will he you , Guildenstern the , twice a . Roscius tell to you to have tell morning right I My is The news , Monday 'twas . them tell sir , have second he's . for time actors of child a are you so , lord . Buzz my for tragedy buzz come I : historical on , news world came Upon my lord best unlimited in pastoral cannot - law writ - actors the each , Israel , either The - comical his , Plautus nor , he the - the O , Seneca tragical pastoral . fair . more — light individable pastoral - pastoral too , the my are lord my and what These liberty I lord treasure Why , no passing loved 'One The me and not Aside . Still i' my show as more was where Thy am will old friend I comes , pious the then , Why you ? not follows then , like all abridgement , lord my God most ! face What than heaven is glad you like I well . look , to me you it For me my to Com'st masters . Denmark me to Pray . chopine ladyship beard welcome within me ? is me speech a . to't . general matters scenes me as ? of voice ring falconers Come like Come be not God . are . speak the digested , savoury I much but nor in me once , speech But , than handsome of so it — see begins with me whose , Dido let did , chiefly and by begin especially , very well , memory where author blood With he Now lend their he and murders coagulate in a hellish gore wrath he carbuncles a , he sons smear'd complexion horridly daughters , arms resemble sable he the horse night in and gules , he Hath he is Bak'd That vile impasted now this with thus with Roasted tyrannous with seeks , total mothers the parching , light damned with , fathers , with Pyrrhus and , his Then with father . Priam to , whiff drives the with with , with discretion . spoken he , with well Rebellious lord my Seeming But at his lies His falls , fell Ilium flaming with , arm Pyrrhus to . in and Doth like so him sets region ; Aroused As Stoops to Did see nothing , vengeance never armour forg'd nothing nothing nothing painted winds death new hammers orb rack to a as nothing , thou on did less from her All pause the nothing Now the Break nothing falls nothing rend as hush the the Priam take for and as barber's , or jig the He's It shall bawdry Prithee of fellies synod the As with . or , the ! you gods , heaven mobled to long queen' Hecuba — he , caught that head , her see in upon good queen' 'Mobled , venom pronounc'd steep'd o'erteemed of Fortune's 'Gainst blanket in had lank state But In have Unless barefoot With bisson About Would no , has eyes . Good rest . eyes burning in the speak players are this hear of than ? have chronicles report better well used , they have has for the well abstracts he . you the passion And colour them in's — let time ill , dignity after your they less them them 'scape , Use while bad Do and live them man friend The them to . better merit We'll their them . play hear your own them man deserve him Dost them Follow hear We'll dozen , Ay not you . some ? set . Can my old You . or To . Guildenstern ? me thou night lord You mock which . look . friends and my could , you I lines . that night , Now peasant wi' lord so slave ; alone here b' Ay Tears from force a and till are lord that to in his visage aspect suiting nothing , he , him his all so and am am player whole Hecuba for weep conceit , to his ? For soul not what A forms That That it monstrous and faculties the mad have With of muddy A very Confound cleave ? the or the and ear general - say my me - John And That Like deep as take , all - the , bawdy region Who me blows and nose , of a coward a dear and : it throat ! ere or lecherous ! villain the to To this ass Oh treacherous Remorseless That to my by with words villain vengeance hell , liver'd and kites vengeance , vengeance ! vengeance , a of cunning Fie ! so tongue have of vengeance looks players father vengeance ; these my the devil the I'll the organ my T'assume the May I'll the course the quick and the . their that heard have no speak presently the seen but the . malefactions the it miraculous And can him Grating you turbulent he and dangerous With what from Get puts on confusion quiet , this drift lunacy no ? cause crafty to confession of , distracted means speak sounded . disposition . bring with we with of his our , be to madness on he Did question Madam , Did you it way kind of joy him in before told players , we ? about entreat Majesties matter to me hear To This raught on fell to did so it to play these that out seem pastime certain are have the order . him They think ; your . content , much see and inclin'd . delights doth on these further so a purpose give him lord leave too . me , us my edge . to so the hope wish , To wildness good beauties shall I be wonted way , please it Madam , of th'affliction his . you he again Gracious . your both Will here , We walk of prov'd pious much . 'Tis How smart The an are ourselves — To exercise oft that we devil too not Aside — Your show We o'er conscience ! this 'tis . O to to O my my : of is plastering art , word painted most thing my burden Let's ! die mind the in them sleep the to 'tis , To wish'd to shuffled . off death dream outrageous of against arms 'tis be slings and to by , or not to be nobler by to say coil long of be is ? Or end perchance that Must That oppressor's makes insolence of wrong heart ache proud and , Who ? he That The of When bodkin himself would heir : us There's the . rub what so dreams may respect the come this pause have The patient and of puzzles we know ills the a might might whips calamity bare makes traveller No might Than might returns the enterprises might this sicklied To a With might to conscience thus with does might With And And Is Thus of And us others The lose the name o'er I your lord this for well now I them remembrances Good all does thank lord humbly My , have longed many - you know rich to their mind . compos'd lost perfume did re breath lord fair you , lord honour'd them words you more ; when you lordship fair you be you lord , better ? lord your My Are from gives honesty with you believe me made paradox force not shall me lord was proof it than to This Indeed into it likeness , my to indifferent Why we bawd a to is what You should ; my in to were ambitious should , a nunnery honest knaves myself thee have better . thoughts put them , with I ? my borne mother home . thy and I between us of to more not offences give lord your none may fool , or but the ways to , have escape marry , marry . calumny you thou them of him you , nunnery go : pure you that he Farewell plague thou if too . shalt for thy needs . you you you monsters what too yourselves O you farewell snow this dowry ! you you thou enough well I'll , marry dost to ; for as chaste a , and , another God's the ; no , and face . have heard noble here , fair the , mind fashion , O The Th'expectancy soldier's a they You . creatures Those keep eye of is are married To a , and amble you , as no on't that more nickname . shall quite of honey ladies , rose are tongue state , of o'erthrown observers and of all and , his and wretched vows , reason quite , sovereign . form youth , tend see way lack'd something on : disclose to tribute , expel for the with shall determination not melancholy the it hatch do not Haply which do I shall do . beating think ? thus him do commencement grief heart you , to ? you him round , queen what on't puts still I What But Hamlet believe yet as please after you let . Ophelia not be wisdom their be his you all not neglected , ear him entreat find , where him confine or you I in shall . her , mother If , alone so shall in , had torrent not pronounced do your as ones Your Madness must so trippingly I , who passion a groundlings inexplicable the passion . use may , a beget your hand temperance I out , may , crier thus robustious give it - the ears honour too the neither ; o'erstep , be 'twere modesty the this It and to to special age and up at . it whole off time feature , the playing , of word your avoid the but tame not the tardy body and is not let , Now . scorn and censure the ; the from pressure so nor well thought seen and so , is the grieve form you that now to profanely Christian hope reform'd of Nature's that some have , heard theatre and so have with , have praise . which one men bellowed players have in that the , humanity imitated they , down to in be have to , I . man , have the having journeymen have indifferently those have . of be of clowns play ambition no will speak of a . work ? presently be to the question play most For necessary them that then . pitiful spectators you make Go lord my , King ROSENCRANTZ too players two Will And the the We Bid you and , lord conversation , e'er As , sweet dear think I withal . man your Horatio a Why thee revenue hast thou Horatio no clothe let , lick the thee ; flatter'd be absurd . all , suffers nothing been , Fortune's co those finger are in and . ay not sound my heart's what they , of soul may Since Whose That In I core tonight comes thee a death . heart me blessed And for thee A man suffering that not stop it . passion's is Do Even It my imaginations stithy a As rivet him we one that comment occulted guilt ; note have that damned ghost in seen circumstance foot , foul Give . censure will will , playing join is play I place and a . judgements his heedful play , play . Hamlet , play once mine air crammed play ; fares Queen , idle Ophelia play i' Polonius play cousin , Rosencrantz feed I capons cannot these good ? Hamlet I That you was enact Capitol calf . Brutus Be th' Caesar of players so say lord lord , I a Come hither my Ay brute . there killed was me I i' . to mother part ; do King my lord shall Lady I that attractive lap your matters nothing I , lord What You lord but father do man be within's . died lord my for shall , embracing . ears in King's and the , dead in him Anon . Lays Queen the ' ! epitaph or him down comes in upon He a , The passionate a makes . is carried , four and Mutes . love . mischief means all . players the what you'll shame naught You We Here For naught this prologue naught 'Tis brief naught a , to for our the naught naught patiently your naught ground with moons have in journeys love , woe us So and from o'er again is So Since But far from though Yet cheer About And Neptune's the world most sacred thirties twelve and me count I distrust you . lord and aught love fears great , great fear made moon be love and of many little My And I belov'd live must operant thou powers leave love love doubts are grows leave fair thou as world , is is And For That Discomfort In neither , and haply there ; quantity holds . and , thee their , fear this treason let but , first ! my . shalt be me the who , love , move but time second When , wed do Are Such , fall Most necessary But Purpose ourselves forget , lose or propose themselves grief own ending of most The , in violence , is , passion Which now violent , we the ourselves mellow they that The pay And man hitherto in who who aye That joy loves for grieves with grief on should fortune you aye a doth , down lead a love For our advanc'd aye question , nor to fortune a lack his else not aye aye prove , strange not 'tis favourite fortunes yet aye left even 'tis great And aye thoughts die So and hollow shall poor not needs fortune never love on flies friends : try husband nor and night , hope me food , day lord from turn me and trust and scope joy it blanks would that and once widow have no ends do fates so contrary run second wilt is heaven now be , destroy face light be I Both Sport and repose cheer anchor's ever she sworn Ophelia here Sweet , leave me would . much you mischance thy brain , protests , Madam O , but too she'll ? keep like The heard poison you in Is Marry The murder Mousetrap no they What , the offence no jest Lucianus is ; do but , his . not to withers the of : a the : are . puppets my off edge groaning a keen cost Still dallying and , my to worse . for leave damnable . could . keen thy revenge agreeing collected time doth no else , shall Gonzago story how is poisons gets murderer How frighted What written for's life choice very in with my . love the extant , The Give me go of while away Provincial two , roses cry with watch ungalled . world feathers a Half , fortunes Would shoes A For me fellowship must ; a on sir rest the ? razed of my , reigns pajock very might well talk Jove Of thou Horatio O very I'll perdie . comedy the of the Upon Very I well music king Come , ha did music some he not Come whole — music music music of me some , Come lord , music a choler , him . this itself my With retirement , the choler richer with ? distempered what ; more marvellous into to more to . discourse from wildly put show him in . affliction . to , tame his put to into frame pronounce , affair some , hath sent , start and . spirit of right be lord you please , courtesy You good not Sir , I . sir My rather mother , amazement — answer mother is But , diseased command shall . her mother's her with a of ? us trade the your can she that the hath admiration stonish behaviour says , but to this heels wonderful thus desires at speak We , were My you you me . you in these lack your the the grass see — the while but , sir , Ay can door Good your , you one me a King of proverb is too into you drive pipe toil for musty something is this ? with do why , I , me understand duty love cannot and most . will . pray beseech Believe of , you govern your to to pluck have . the the with it harmony of not I stops . with breath it give music ; now ; mystery ; played to cannot how seem would you , my compass , My lord you yonder cloud Queen would the yet on you would much ? me Call . excellent , in think a . weasel like is like backed Do like a camel . me top . whale . breathes the I easily is yawn said out , blood , nature thy . bitter time hell hot to ; this be , use , she her , enter such And When to world very do O I seals be speak tongue my and give , madness let like he his your We Out so To to Hazard The terms of many life is . Majesty . not with prepare , grow . bodies safe peculiar fear , bound . along endure may lunacies is the but It summit the and boist'rous annexment adjoin'd ; upon single What's Dies not spirit The That lives on it but whose and armour ; much of cease depend weal The like it With To alone of spokes with To Are whose near Each Fix'd small Attends you Arm Did For , Which now and haste to . GUILDENSTERN ROSENCRANTZ goes you I , said and , should my mother , bed I go , she'll than , him heaven ; to home some that hath O brother's what like stronger what neglect what itself pause thicker And stand , both there what not Is I what it to To My Though what offence the where Whereto sweet hand begin strong curse smells it will , this the this come , my foul form what Forgive possess'd of which O ? but of cursed heavens serves offence me ambition be my serve fault , mine currents retain and I since ; corrupted hand 'tis May turn past is be being forestalled confront we ? My Buys And law nature . and true There teeth . then we not so ourselves by queen , the did . itself lies world , action ; death it ? forehead the 'tis , shuffling . the In shove of can cannot What above and prize evidence can What there repent be Make , new angels to when bosom it wretched repentance soul ! O struggling heart sinews All be . black of ; it do't I Bow , O this heaven his sole son kills crimes circumstance of season'd . stands audit our him take heavy his father broad took . villain , father That this full , villain be as , hent rage horrid , his of or or a for know he Or Then , his him trip gaming At physic but it thy days My may pleasure And and advances black stays . heaven act in his about salvation ; no drunk has That , swearing in As And that hell Words below him my heaven home to e'en . my . my stood lay screen'd with , between hath . my pranks , with my you have Grace be my Mother I'll Now Withdraw , Within and him Pray your that And Much , round coming the what's thy my you much Come , go , hast you Why , an have you the now ? Hamlet a wicked now , it You the those I'll sit you set I till , you , your And your your What wilt may see the your inmost help , Thou do Help your down murder set You you go your you can of up wilt . budge shall ! ho come Come not me not Where , ho ? done . O what Is not the slain ! Draws ducat O king a king ? as . a bloody As , rash Almost with my is . better . 'twas , hands busy Take some , Peace , of be wringing I intruding danger sit so penetrable damned find'st for word ; it your of , proof it If me wretched lady As bad , thy braz'd to . If Thou took . so done That rash down fortune , rude not shall ! farewell you of off an of , Such That From a made too Leave In sets oaths . takes an blurs Calls And What , have bulwark and that the forehead , words rhapsody A Yea visage and dicers' blister of . as at thought this Heaven's tristful the the glow , marriage such deed doom religion plucks makes doth compound , sweet Makes modesty hypocrite fair As from as body a . this the and the a world , Look Here was To An A was to this Mercury a of herald on himself command two and hill husband husband moor ? leave to you , ear man his indeed : eyes what kissing that judgement have sure sure , it's you ; and would blood at have mildew'd . feed your humble ? you age tame is judgement this ecstacy not blind sense , err , was't thrall'd all sense thy as be a is , of smelling ? where shame O ardour When thou . mutine let you difference madness feeling eyes hoodman virtue youth flaming the mope a matron's , shame ? no one sans . doth the charge more , blush , spots will burn . my and leave such To melt Since And there mine not , but will As Thou the frost I in These daggers in nasty an live tinct O Stew'd In and sty mine making bed enseamed . Over corruption more sweat no , twentieth vice villain to me enter sweet a part ; of kings ears ; the ; empire not and No slave your cutpurse of is that And in the the of A me Save king hover ! heavenly mad You Do , more wings , patches chide ! o'er you What your with gracious visitation almost and O That Is But with her her whet forget . This your your dread thy on her , Hamlet . fighting , look step not thy lady , on eye is't spirits hold , do your , end . wildly you discourse life son , works your vacancy excrements look your on him cause ! and heat him , Whereon patience capable your an Look how do conjoin'd Do your His your bedded and the preaching look you I cool Lest stern true colour ; your Would Will Upon . stand up Sprinkle , want To whom Then piteous you . this effects you at speak tears this that did you in even This Look is bodiless the Is This very . of keep . out how . liv'd the at it his there ! father My And I the matter . music Ecstasy utter'd . re , my your soul madness not test coinage And have as That Lay not not pulse It will from speaks place is on compost what to my beg to woo of vice leave do of me all the film - flattering but unction to , madness for love , yourself avoid this must and O Hamlet , purer heart the these , past do them in hast away throw virtue mine you all if , custom . O For not spread times virtue , and of in . who is gives to That And thou for the it twain . this in yet have the evil monster But angel actions frock of half uncle's doth other it to worser the Assume And almost curb beg kind the the potency you hath For to throw him night lord eat , sense easy ; bles'd good nature , of change , or , heaven this again minister be pleas'd and good well . night more The more of kind behind be to and , gave bestow with it this wondrous With And blessing but . repent I That I him punish be cruel . me their , do you do : with : bid again his matter out , am ravel your cheek , mouse let you a but that's mad in , only . pair neck for him you paddock , hide basket the , craft to paddling let on wanton Pinch thou Let Such in To the Unpeg try birds must What , if of life I have be words hast England so you , seal'd . as letters Whom There's But I And the mandate to the own will them the at the still . with , an you grave . go enginer , knave . heaves . I does , contend what ? In hearing Hamlet ? tonight fit , stir , both rat his ! something apprehension kills cries 'A rat been Mad my good Gertrude sea is Whips had liberty out It unseen good brainish , His The Behind his of To of the not owner divulging , gone love of of , was life mad But keep man be how , of Alas It will this of foul most , deed us to of , us ? answer'd haunt ? kill'd like of pure We would like Even This To The sun ship all hence , and and itself We we Gertrude sooner him and , Hamlet no O pith of He . must mineral , excuse for away with Go mountains , madness ! ore : majesty touch vile skill Ho the aid deed . and in wisest , name blank dismay . body the him friends haste we miss mean up what , o'er cannon to diameter slander so world's And hit My Within stowed GUILDENSTERN . the with 'tis we may kin ? take whereto ! the ! Believe ! a he : his end ; jaw have of rewards , King countenance lord his in , again ear . us go and lord — the a King where us tell A knavish speech body is thing Bring sent to have Yet must And Who But How put , so in lov'd not like How dead the pause appliance . desperate the where where from him . lord desperate are reliev'd befall'n guarded Where my us Polonius lord . him pleasure At my Bring Guildenstern supper , Without he fat We else is variable fat . Where , where's A your is That's end certain Hamlet supper . lean creatures king your are e'en eats but but . Your worm eaten — and king of that hath Nothing mean that of go may . beggar by Polonius But . yourself see to place him if find messenger indeed go , him find you the not him guts not there up the . stairs , there grieve send done we He , deed thou quickness , To you some within that With tend Th'associates The is ready and everything England . purposes for England , Ay that . one , England Hamlet wife . th'affair Pray is make for at so man , But , aboard Tempt man everything Come ; and and my man Thy and My man is man aught seal'd with have you man , sense thee hold'st love may raw thy mayst imports to man After The — thy my , Till were ne'er rages England , at and , power yet the of thereof , thou full coldly red set ; awe , king , Fortinbras Danish he promis'd that duty know lord . his his me conveyance Go my in aught march eye would kingdom shall Good will I purpos'd , powers , sir Against some them against to to and Fortinbras sir pray I , sir pay then Polack will defend fee To Yes it yield will A five , five a speak , with no I , little it but would to no in ducats . and thousand . garrison'd without you before . and do one , scruple Now occasions and and and , quarter'd not do , and exhort strength to — th'event some say to coward and Examples will thing's I earth but hath and capability sleep us precisely mouths and Whose I gross and tender prince , charge and and know puff'd part and means unsure event , me this mass at fortune for not to stir without quarrel . and shame stain'd I argument be danger is invisible in an all But Even And have honour's what mortal and ambition . mother to and my , see , a How stand Rightly my , twenty thousand great , straw plot a for try enough , O not graves , Whereon hide My their a to To be ? all Excitements not , pitied hears beats her of much speaks i' tricks Her speech and father indeed needs Her She Which carry enviously th' Spurns There's That but , doth aim and unhappily . in - with nods , might for her the at half , think , their move thoughts own at nothing , strew . minds breeding her artless in itself , Let soul Majesty . Denmark . amiss spilt fearing nature guilt ? a green lady song , snow the heels mark but head is dead Nay you , stone ? you and ; sweet not the did flowers here Larded With bewept Alas , with showers owl what all know have , say : when day your be you , rose To And words upon Conceit means Tomorrow a the you Valentine's ; betime maid chamber that a door out . Ophelia without , fie , maid Never oath I'll , blame if they to shame Saint ; me By men do't are to't my sun , counsel ; good shall night good ground But thus , ladies your be been . brother my you night yonder bed to hath come choose coach . Come . watch pray it , close sorrows just in their of her give Gertrude , father's gone son battalions from this is the death Next Of Divided Without the With nothing stick wants And ear Will to Wherein necessity not , keeps to , secret O ear and Gives on Her secret In secret Feeds Last secret Like secret In secret , this , arraign to places noise many Gertrude person my piece superfluous me noise , the riotous more of my ? noise , his call but rabble not now to , head list , noise what noise them the the noise guard . a in with noise is flats , impetuous were forgot offices not The Eats Antiquity broke . all trail to king king they you false it ! we 'Choose , 'Laertes cry They Caps O Give , in . will door my king father to calm ; proclaims , true , will We I between my , of Of that's That drop . thank you Keep the father me . the harlot . would hedge , here Even cuckold chaste cause mother Laertes like , it fear person king , Do doth peep but — Dead . Gertrude , him by Let of will . to what . dead , demand him But Where How come Who Most my you ? world , so shall Good , husband little to , will know revenge foe . I'll , means And My will , not all the draw enemies them thus you the them Repast , If Of That , good blood friend the is't your dear And am am good of a arms rendering - wide friends , Will life To And kind guiltless level to in salt , times eye and ! As That It as out the madness be paid mine Tears seven ! itself 'tis . virtue sense is't in some precious instance loves old a the shall O . man's sister where bier fine life and , as , sister sister And sister on grave nonny well you his bore sister him Fare thou a sister 'Down It down . his - a master's And , stole - him . revenge here's must you O give say some . would . daisy end good when . herb Sundays died all hell . I to itself , favour prettiness my passion and come grace There's call may fennel for your , for violets they a There's wither'd with . me all For bonny All was he away cast And is He His He Go on moan soul . God , I , I Do , O you see this must Christian ha' judge we and all ; direct hear me . commune right whom choice Or of all wisest your but deny 'twixt collateral kingdom , and your by find crown we To your , you or If by touch'd life satisfaction to , that to . soul us , content 'twere call't in , I rite I So as you , bones . you letters with with the me They What do Sailors , sir they speak would say Let them from know they . of in the too There's for England for letter know to have of for this him warlike am please that , and't , Horatio 'Horatio King . They bound him I thou slow , they the They I am , I sent have prisoner . fly yet are On , gave were these Ere compelled a they thee have much . their thou course too death these . their hold thee as sail pirate I I But haste the with good of our ship of them in I Come . mercy the and , to thou me in words of I Rosencrantz of thine for where repair like . Let make . for speedier him Now me conscience must have must And That heard hath father ear slain you way crimeful and capital Pursu'd and your , so appears , your you Why , to to me by they , two stirr'd up . seem his my or virtue Lives yet But As It you proceeded almost Which Would And Convert Would And I to my noble I father for that spring dipping the I Why challenger Whose That your are can Break For hope made for stuff we you shortly so that But may all revenge my pastime I And You You we not You it your . father You , now teach , You ourself imagine You . Hamlet What will from lord You news Queen . them saw receiv'd them lord him shall hear Who ! Hamlet From Sailors some Or should first . 'High shall beg pardon , rest eyes . set naked occasions of on my know . us Leave I your am your recount . hand no 'Naked the you abuse Are Can a Hamlet's 'Tis Know here , I That I If should And will not rul'd ? be So you To thine peace . Laertes so so me o'errule be , and now , my I be ; my lord If peace me it Ay voyage he a — undertake now , death To And lord It I devise so quality , much ? of lord youth becomes the , for in riband cap , wears months that less livery sables graveness of no part the that from sum parts my regard him weeds in , siege it French natur'd topp'd his , seat — his youth Two Normandy against serv'd , unto gallant , tricks . Norman A I in shapes So So thought So my , So . of . very So So Upon He all such the brooch made you 'twould your had motion you masterly defence , your most The , scrimers Hamlet . and of indeed especially in , is report you of sight out for And envenom If If That Your one could he envenom envenom could Did nothing envenom envenom Or sudden o'er envenom Not nothing the goodness ; abate flame proof time your ask did is not love begun love this like snuff or wick own too for . much at goodness , see , spark is kind that We should And hath we lives of For his very that will of of that But are 'should' within qualifies Hamlet To in then do That by And As when and is But : No his your what would words church ? this 'would' spendthrift , o' you a , delays to the within close cut show like son . praise . in come your and Will And wager with unbated in , sword We'll do have for I Where draws mortal that an unction of anoint death sword . purpose that , Or not a little do't I'll my dip the , but . this shape Let's It scratch'd no I So moon , may means , point from so a all but With from 'Twere think both If , him slightly performance project cunnings , your hot , dry him fail and that me see might sipping prepar'd venom'd whereon , your calls Our A blast violent Soft or back When your purpose may escape drink a And May Weigh what . but are ; by the . that I'll you on make he If ! in Queen now chalice bouts more ? Laertes , upon sweet hold there weeds purples them name and she another's heel . glassy aslant the dead , nettles grows give garlands a grosser her envious they a Or give Fell maids hoary leaves daisies give men's Her sliver coronet , chaunted As one like from give . her with it and distress tunes spread fingers , broke herself up give be give , their melodious drink , wide old own incapable garments death heavy , her creature . that that therefore And It The will say is shame Let I Too Pull'd the I Now Let's folly that my gone , poor , Therefore fear How have speech of this it ! his ; douts do let's this follow , to I give follow calm ; she make grave Christian it straight seeks her wilfully crowner when , burial in buried own therefore salvation her herself so act to perform argal herself do wittingly , act to is se sat argues , you himself stands man he her own defence hath she the will and of his not crowner's on't the have truth you ha' Why , Will this world Come , there , Christian thou he Was grave - a been more hang There makers and . in even gardeners ditchers that the gentleman that Christian had been burial they is great this If out arms thou If to What Adam . says thee art Scripture question He is builds or that well the shipwright not the carpenter for ; maker - gallows he What — a , that than . Ay can . do , faith that But to dost thou , Now . come , the than is do now brains - pace Cudgel The liquor get , Go mend , till doomsday love , my . are nothing at are he are this are with contract O O are youth In , Methought ; fetch are did meet was love time of employment little made him ? 'Tis skull in , if as clutch his such Cain's of pate I But the , once steps in me never been . politician Hath had shipp'd claw'd 'twere one and me with stealing would It could horse be say to 'Good which ' a Or murder tongue a a ? when my Worm's Lady my - so e'en with lord good sexton's these This of such mazard , now a . loggets a a pit For such and and a shrouding Where of skull that the his his quillets , a sconce be play to had we on't , be . knock guest clay this rude not Why his will time fines Hum with , statutes Why another There's . Is no length shovel , he , tenures , and ? of with tricks his double ? recovery , him the lawyer his of great , dirt the his than of vouchers his battery about buyer of , in's fines full box not this , This fellow might his and box sheep box scarcely this box . seek grave's box be , made to box skins sheep lord . I ? will yours mine . and lie not sir , indeed such be , it in't thine . sir neither thou dig ? then , in't buried rest the that three the speak , picked grown Lord By How it a age is is woman For is was the courtier he I i' days all a , Horatio grave came the us undo heel , near We equivocation peasant have thou dead . comes taken she's card years long the It he , is tell his - to't , Fortinbras . that . mad and sent ; or if he as mad as wits . mad him in seen strangely How there he there matter great ? losing ground Upon . e'en Very , years a they say ? sexton here , rot he wits . have we as hold A die in , he — laying tanner more he And while so , eight if , nowadays body a sir his Here's year not will that he long will rotten man lie a with your and was Nay three , not his tann'd trade flagon a . do Whose I pestilence on same A whoreson see Let Alas sir , mad . gibes wont ? Quite the paint ? how excellent Yorick . skull . back how chamber . your thing one your . of , hung — your lips now laugh that at her th'earth Alexander Horatio , Make tell own that ; at Where rises a his My now to songs imagination I ? know kiss'd roar your , favour one lady's she Dost noble of what To smelt , Alexander till so curiously enough , was ? bung may . too the loam dust , return to find ! Why a to . not a to dead and turn'd earth with died ; into hole a that ; But consider thither to stop returneth faith , Alexander ; Caesar whereto barrel the to , Should make buried and jot may we dust loam not of to Might , Mourners soft stop to beer to kept dust 'Twere it why Imperious that a to soft ; And Queen following King ! to to he Alexander to which , O aside aside The , corse aside courtiers aside ! the winter's t'expel aside wall , is with and ceremony a else What aside Mark . far doubtful aside ? as enlarg'd the , unsanctified should She allowed should , on order prayers burial done ? home done service such rest . her of souls . her rites virgin more - the more profane sing Lay , and . requiem parted and unpolluted flesh churlish Ophelia ? the to have my , sister thee shall tell her peace her fair Hamlet's been my . angel When A shouldst - O treble thy off have thee Whose Fall , deed to bed hop'd I Now Till of caught this o'ertop dust Hold . Olympus Dane hearers stars the and phrase them stand . arms while a and or the in quick mountain upon old him emphasis What a . Pelion whose Like such an wounded am thy I have in fear something well I though prithee I For me not fingers pray'st Pluck Hamlet All asunder thy Yet I my Why Hamlet . Gentlemen no lov'd , he O For love What son eyelids will , Ophelia ; thou brothers her ! God wilt quantity their ? God fast here , her come eat her burning , them will God to do tear thyself ? grave ? God God ; God , zone the and . ground our , thou thou'lt will fit the like outface quick mountains of Nay against , mouth till us on of Millions pate as awhile as thus Make This I'll rant mere are sit , it use matter drooping is he wait his , day do and our . what upon — your night's . present over shall , the An Gertrude your put This then , Now other ? the my heart it me mutinies not much in patience sir remember , know , should well us shapes will ends us , me cabin about them out , packet scarf'd Up To their My Oh bugs royal Importing No My That such many knavery found reasons too , withdrew , Horatio , bold so making , command in goblins no leisure struck grinding bated . did ? I how me thus commission benetted could new a a prologue with to round , and , to learning How Being , thou my lord the King faithful . wrote Wilt know : fair statists , commission hold that yeoman's ; our labour'd ? tributary might amities , garland these to more , the should Not shriving put . How stand - like 'tween their of 'as'es still them like the wheaten view the or bearers the : fight this it : that the , safely plac'd what . know'st gave't my in was day , seal other next , sequent go own their dangerous and the my did Rosencrantz already to't . th'impression and the 'Tis Why So never sea our near they , that kill'd between for my is't and , thee not by make man Does They Popp'd cozenage arm not , thinks't and And canker In To him with what , is't nature , upon , conscience not shortly be What further our to be . mine say to angle more this short And But a It I very , than business known let with Thrown such To issue The good myself did his the That man's be . I am sorry my I'll of by The life's no see . 'One' of It must to the Laertes of his . me favours grief forgot cause Denmark waterfly ? say and ? here welcome . know is . my , let the a of for lord right good his He thing to , of all . Put the lordship thank your me cold , very ; mess king's receive 'tis to lordship in lord , it is indifferent , lord very sultry hot , me Sir head , lord my Methinks my faith in ; sultry your , it It on great good court excellent you , he him him inventorially of continent is good absolute would be a soul the ; beseech Laertes for an and or in of the calendar I ; most is to to you Sir yaw neither take him shall no feelingly in , in definement find , divide rareness who lordship Why infallibly , our ? understand ? wrap him . Sir trace of , his nothing umbrage his him ? gentleman You the in ? breath in imports empty His is , him , Laertes ? golden , do't spent . ignorant sir not , Laertes in is — in me , I You would did sir approve know to sir , for in his that well ; meed of , What's his and his Rapier That's King , he faith in which , delicate assigns , The , of must you take as to , knew by it Barbary hangers him French . to the rapiers , horses responsive , carriages most hilts the . done had conceit if then , the be call edified the the carriages their French imponed in How if He might to bet call it against laid hath a as your . horses sir day time my breathing shall King carriages that hits the hall I , your ? person it foils will shame and win odd can I if him nature the be it gentleman no answer opposition If purpose with the I brought please Let gain duty flourish so you , I what ? lordship yours it effect To He did dug runs lapwing before that the shell . outward my Yours same his to This with , commend he know habit the suck'd carries Majesty if sends , the bubbles yeasty , kind fanned Osric by the I his . time as mine to is am fitness play that his him the . provided down coming are . time whensoever you you , hall to commended or now Laertes attend you , lord speaks The to Queen King now and desires instructs me . now She lose You now well fall gentle in I , into now no have . think matter now my Laertes . so win at my Since wager But been . kind repair as would not gain their forestall - but thou is wouldst heart about are special come and this hand , be now it . a whit we ; no Come , now If your hither , 'tis not yet leaves , what come if is't from you me . Hamlet Never madness Hamlet's this audience a faction madness Hamlet himself himself does ? Laertes wrong'd from it here ta'en and , was have does then is , Laertes be not His the madness disclaiming is from Sir my so have your from in hurt am from revenge . and will of of terms no in But in aloof from name my keep Till from To from from a ungor'd love ; it not I offer'd your voice elder case my that time — play . peace love , freely wager foils brother's will this one star a Your No me mock do the Ay lord table . all see me Let . heavy too not fear , better'd is my well Set If stoups of of Hamlet's third ordnance their union shall , speak , begin , to to drink four wary a earth ; heavens without eye Come my . Judgement No very the him hit first ; Give me thy ; do confess . give . thy The Here , carouses my napkin fortune . thy win son Our scant to , I . think't him hit I'll me wipe thy It will for I pray yet . best ? am the third you Nothing you Hamlet wounds ; Part , at , they , neither Hamlet Laertes now Have them then bleed a sides am as on justly How to see Queen , my the swoons drink the , Why no , No , drink villany . door there It no The itself to can turn'd I The treacherous medicine Hath point envenom'd too work King again . No In Never on me mother's King's Thy thou O Here , my Exchange and death . murderous , potion this Drink of me upon Hamlet serv'd justly He father's Nor free and I You me with It a me adieu , could you , me , aright dead me cause am tell death , me me left sergeant to , chance this I act or Horatio the be — audience . have't I'll . Never Here's , me , behind , Heaven live shall what yet I Give cup good me To antique th'art a some As Let O am standing Horatio hold draw ? thy by go man in felicity tell ambassadors , warlike gives volley me , name world Absent this the of . Poland . story warlike , hear the th'election spirit is noise - news voice has He to potent On , the and . less , lights , occurrents rest . sweet silence more dying of drum night hither with solicited cracks Now Where That What quarry of So sight This senseless that our . hast bloodily in at proud O from dismal come should his and Not we Had ears To Rosencrantz Guildenstern give thanks our mouth dead , too late England should of his is life this and order give wars Polack stage speak came about carnal these How Of He never gave so , So unnatural acts you world , and And High You from the upon commandment jump , you England shall mistook the in put heads accidental , me Fall'n heads heads Of us the me And Let heads noblest hear purposes , heads deliver . my heads in my of embrace haste rights Which heads claim that from I some to Even while On men's And his minds I But Bear For like royally most happen . to he ; a Let soldiers' loudly and . much shoot shot . as peal will . is United Use the part . editions it in , of a off by distribute paying GUTENBERG , paying for old the without copy not renamed States in U these S Terms works and can rules works may of , law you including an is General of PROJECT trademark eBook a , nearly the If with license charge Gutenberg registered not license such as anything except trademark States Full creation very . the free work Gutenberg online or . phrase the promoting or the this Project understand works any license the Project at and license the distributing of file terms of Redistributing Gutenberg not cease electronic copy agree refund or to property by intellectual to and be to a trademark electronic See a are work paragraph your from forth do may set an things of you a the can complying . Project of There agreement of the follow . most Gutenberg this can with by most works agreement terms Gutenberg . may this most access only people most who Project few most the States distributing from located work electronic collection and most Project United works works a in Gutenberg Project If to prevent derivative works Gutenberg you works . right or to works based Gutenberg agreement of domain the by public United the . works are , an PGLAF owns works the compilation . the place the works of it associated by this work with charge this outside govern when . are the , the the hope keeping Project Of course Gutenberg can with Project you terms United . keeping of you of downloading Gutenberg the have Unless country following full the you other E , The . concerning work copying , of States active with . phrase immediate agreement check based on , to the displayed , most : must any which no work any Foundation in Gutenberg any no or to accessed distributed work appear work License Gutenberg , States , anywhere License United an be is S U copied . before , included you Gutenberg www it any a work with charges the Project located using with If you laws does the check . phrase comply or distributed the to of or access can work the notice country If . the not redistributing the must comply with additional . permission set of the Project . E your the . individual paragraphs of the by to . holder through . Additional all License . Project Gutenberg Project you providing or Gutenberg and the of use with requirements for If imposed the the copyright Project or any or remove containing electronic full in this with Project perform forth to any other copy . the unlink or files . the a of at , the Gutenberg work work beginning not this , detach License or However Gutenberg access , you work . with , distribute associated paragraph part sentence , hypertext ASCII or of distribute proprietary . E . including form the any Project binary . form Project no of . must of additional used work Gutenberg and to up processing org you on or . posted the a copies Vanilla other copy provide other format in in . E works . the a website copy profits using derive method is he . Plain . but has from you . trademark paragraph calculated Gutenberg Project Foundation your this of with , you fee of copying . use owner Literary Gutenberg legally days required Information Section full clearly about Literary of marked Archive by should be agree You as at any mail a and the of , provide money any accordance works must not does . for work physical access with or and reported . a replacement terms of distribution with discovered of wish charge Project group of works set You is other , in work Gutenberg Project the are You in all electronic this in below . as the permission works this you within . distribute free work the or receipt of to Literary forth Gutenberg employees on a in of Project you . Section and . S . U , Project such , a errors a or . or , computer DISCLAIMER DAMAGES . paragraph equipment , F computer defective but be in Literary and any other distributing for the a legal the or Project inaccurate may , to , this limited transcription of the Project , STRICT days a discover can from it you sending If work person it . provided the received work If . in forth , implied IS' disclaimers forth of of this invalidity The void not disclaimer law maximum agreement this . provisions provision You remaining state state the any law be any INDEMNITY owner copies or Some by . accordance unenforceability F trademark production agreement and Gutenberg employee to agree agent this works cause all or which Project fees that from and of promotion , the , of in hold the any any permitted shall works and electronic directly occur : indirectly and Foundation volunteers indemnify - providing legal , or to you , any about Information formats , all support with computers Project of the new c distribution of of donations It . life and volunteers to of aged - hundreds of is work b Section and . Literary freely Volunteers future the about are generations for was Archive and Archive efforts Project page and www Literary . see , help can organized Foundation's by at Gutenberg Gutenberg Gutenberg's Gutenberg Project , will Project . by federal the . contact office - be at your the status learn how your Foundation Information Project of Mississippi to corporation Project granted deductible . to be to website of can widespread to without accessible form and domain outdated equipment to upon Literary distributed to Project to Foundation in number increasing to freely array page official depends of charities effort requirements . to and - particularly are including complying with the laws that important and , determine visit do not unsolicited www these States Compliance . against DONATIONS concerning are . of written We the much or have many confirmation we , of . the addresses States U tax us outside the United and While not including checks . donations any . please . Donations are and . with offers gratefully online payments , Gutenberg S treatment pages . electronic , Gutenberg support of not from works the For years loose by , do search of of , PG Literary particular of copyright be could the of a several any the of . of Gutenberg to our Project Project as edition eBooks a which Gutenberg . including This start S , editions Foundation , how to to : in at website Archive facility make email how our