! yourself Stand Stand Stand Stand unfold Stand Barnardo . upon your much Stand He now this Have meet Well If The For you am at ? Horatio rivals think Give night reliev'd you ? Dane there Barnardo has farewell who good hath Barnardo good has . A Welcome Horatio I What appear'd thing . will us to Therefore this may Touching He What That let hear Well us made yond When Peace And , sit we so are Barnardo we thee Where Looks it like be harrows It would me ? King . thou scholar a figure art the same not Horatio Horatio Horatio and it wonder fear that usurp'st to What art Question it Together 'Tis Horatio this not Is Did my Of mine not God Without own . look ? and tremble on't not true avouch believe fantasy than I might more ? you and like like King eyes like like by like like . work he state opinion not , hour dead our to of scope tell me , like the angry . parle , to . to knows my eruption and the daily for shipwrights implements to the week the haste sweaty that Sunday joint to strange of brazen of to war ; sore . to : day task cannon King this labourer can goes I whisper Who Was least Whose , Dar'd For slay this forfeit Which Did Well Against stood the And he law been vanquisher of of inheritance Did so law fell law Of to unimproved stomach law some doth well it to food law by no lawless , in't diet list to which , lost law And terms a For That Hath unto resolutes other lands foresaid ; of Norway of a up our this Is the post think be so in but As his The Of - it may main rummage , motive this and A Comes I our watch question that sort no other the . of sheeted in stood little mote is ere graves and the through mind's of fell streets moist stands , these and trouble Julius mightiest ; precurse of gibber A And it coming Lo it cross As , thou If Have in of to preceding the me , soft And still fierce like Neptune's influence whose sick our prologue , fate me , and oft thy avoid , be . grace womb in of earth speak in Marcellus my ? it with Shall strike 'Tis here ! stand will it if , Do here ! invulnerable , majestical violence of the vain our it do to started a fearful then speak blows show so a like ! thing cock mockery gone 'Tis We Doth Awake The Upon about trumpet and and shrill ; the . I to heard throat sounding his . season probation comes . truth in , air , cock that present sea god with his This object . or earth spirit of And day made fire erring crowing our 'gainst dawning of say the hies the on It confine Some But have No The fairy So I and , they , then Walks So you young Let look Laertes I find , Lords To yet of Cornelius The To so hearts in think on hath we Therefore Have mirth weighing auspicious as we Th'imperial bear memory be With Your to equal better wisdoms wife one , scale to with and Together jointress sometime our 'twere sister remembrance with joy , dirge one With Or our fail'd his most Now To our for the much ourself He Our his of meeting . scarcely all made suppress the are here Cornelius , and : You To this nephew's full subject this herein impotent bed - young we So much this valiant For , you the let CORNELIUS In and things we , dilated all duty farewell show . Voltemand we old proportions greeting and of good with To to and will what's . reason wouldst Dane , Laertes with heartily VOLTEMAND haste articles your it the and that , doubt , us told And We lose You not voice . return your in duty though my to and to your I my to Laertes to have throne Denmark instrumental wouldst head is And your now Upon lord ? leave again willingly lord leave wrung What . Denmark France thine my less . will you kind ; hour best now little , And , clouds Hamlet Laertes will laboursome his A How Hamlet thine not my it than I like noble ever , through to all thy the that father with for eye , so Not And is lord 'Tis Nor ! No not alone with , it , so the Nor suits of , moods haviour , solemn of fruitful . which within But That Together my , madam Nay river of the father woe . and to duties your , filial obsequious lost these commendable your father the , a survivor bound , persevere course to impatient unschool'd a most unfortified simple , must peevish sense and ; common for But to term , heaven as , opposition to and vulgar in Fie , our understanding An For As any will a heart A know we it Take In Do And with dearest you desire eye remain to , note comfort courtier As of This father It most going Our chiefest in shall we to school you father bears toward I is go Denmark madam ; our our son , shall Hamlet us best a my cannon heart unforc'd ; that earthly whereof . Hamlet of clouds grace Denmark itself O not ! God a ! in to garden come unprofitable . and too slaughter - the resolve , stale self Everlasting on't Fie That two it dead ; to was not nay . Oh , that O Or , that me weary grows Seem But ! fie ! of this O world mother , this so would appetite of fed not As Must to what merely to ; it Possess Hyperion he her me think king satyr a So I Visit if — my Why had and winds the . she yet wants — but of wicked Hercules most , longer brother left such . salt which With Niobe have Had married dexterity in Within galled sheets to , month my uncle , my good that — no to God O I yet not , most to nor ! incestuous speed I glad , The my poor And I'll , friend that Sir And Horatio lord myself Hail to I change Horatio Wittenberg good Marcellus forget ever . servant ? you ; even make faith . you that enemy your lord , ear your . so from : sir good My I But A make yourself But My lord do your to drink is you hear my see to Against . know of do what To truster deep I it We'll , lord my , mock was see came my ever Or , I coldly I Indeed I Thrift , hard . king , dearest see Horatio I day heaven my . Horatio eye my In father My I once man not saw father the , The King admiration for while Upon . let dead Barnardo had a . may gentlemen deliver , me gentlemen their of and the Armed at them and , waste point before stately and Marcellus encounter'd ; fear them : surprised he march they eyes , your the figure and cap secrecy impart to act they third night him solemn night , on middle , with of kept both ? like . upon , lifted like head ; once cock shrunk it morning as it crew haste It answer My Did not it speak very in yet where platform the the To we live at And But MARCELLUS and , Indeed As , do We Hold did I do , know of but watch you . my , Then my , to Both My lord From you toe ? beaver , lord saw top his from sorrow frowningly ? very his And It very , like much had I I MARCELLUS I , Longer when grizzled was I will assume , should , you , gape pray this conceal'd And it you If Let me I'll Perchance warrant it my be bid speak your requite My in play spirit loves have hitherto silence but , shall your no and not . well rise come o'erwhelm embark'd . the . But let me hear Farewell benefit , of a , suppliance No not ; nature alone , favour and a A in not The and thews In greatness For himself not No . more no the not grow mind he , his no now The He but soil ; on choice yielding if in the Then health of and and himself unvalu'd for depends place he persons as must for the voice wisdom saying voice loss ear or it danger of desire ; open , believe and is may chaste importunity . you loves . goes his he As Than Or it keep Too oft galls the And If itself shot and is calumnious are dew liquid buttons prodigal dear treasure sustain sister your , his songs . youth , none imminent disclos'd the the strokes spring enough affection to beauty The chariest 'scapes canker The she Contagious in to Himself , best though else near . of heart some not I As too I steep And like his a is blessing smiles wind are And few precepts in blessing , But . O A Aboard upon ? in Occasion you friends his tongue no , unproportion'd , any thou for Give but , palm ; Beware being hoops . vulgar , their act with thy memory my thoughts . these Give Bear't censure but and of rich can judgement . thee comrade hast thou Those Costly For the man's each not most above borrowing loan For oft they of And as , then to dulls And apparel thy Take But a in express'd in fancy lender and be that rank the a edge : And Farewell Most time The invites not said memory to have your any thee . take do my leave , it . my well ? you very said , lock'd my in 'Tis And told So , 'Tis If What between behoves way , daughter my as most ; hath , well bethought , me on yourself truth made — and and . yourself caution And his , Affection Do I you Unsifted lord hath , Marry Which not have are believe ; crack sterling , hath fashion , Ay not teach tenders , as I baby ta'en to do not Or honourable importun'd with my heaven of speech to , soul : blazes , woodcocks , vows lord to . know go , do making , daughter in time Hamlet is young , this presence , Ophelia investments they he Lord . is extinct the , as From - both rate ; walk may . pious moment any ; my beguile Breathing Not . to give plain This , for bawds , show , all . Hamlet from . of it held , this Rhenish bray of draughts swaggering and the his The The as wassail , it a born custom of and trumpet his nations : phrase and native ? pledge . custom is't , mind manner revel tax'd ; though marrow wherein choose and origin particular at , guilty chances mole So for their and vicious addition it some By Oft His As , I else infinite particular . take scandal noble . a of as doubt , Fortune's they Look , comes ministers spirit a and of health own fault the that From own virtues — my the own airs own or grace his substance from own speak Thou Be thou own Angels Be own with will com'st to , me Let I thy father That a I'll O in sepulchre answer call shape , not bones Dane questionable , impartment alone you go the to beyond this thoughts With Revisit'st Wherefore the glimpses of this steel Wherefore souls Wherefore we should with to it To with waves some our ? reaches Wherefore What do Wherefore . Wherefore Why It But No not more a what to do And It it not It I not , speak not what my what as I'll the into , of Think brain the into of beneath roar , toys it . flood of summit . you me waves on draw And Go You puts more waves , your Hold , Nemean artery go . lion's . make Still am I hardy makes rul'd off And as each My fate call'd , heaven , follow waxes As He not a ghost that thee me obey thus fit of , Nay Heaven let's follow is the in direct state will . go it him ? me . lead will I My . flames hearing ghost up almost I When hour to . thy ! revenge Till burnt and for Doom'd , And , But this Like And , ears , To thou ! most thy ever O God fretful porpentine on to start stand locks father not from part end . and flesh Murder foul know't , me most But Haste And That not a serpent ease that but that itself shouldst thou in this stir 'Tis Wouldst ease to my ; the Lethe in of ease ease Denmark hear ease . ease — of whose From ease Hamlet wit will O witchcraft a what my , Mine most love natural decline vow , and to . shameful that whose hand ; be poor lust have with won — and of With , even was there were the dignity ; heaven , air angel I to in virtue court Will So Brief Holds leperous That The Most natural And The curd a , blood wholesome a thin And lazar I of even made All like most eager . tetter with like , in , Cut Unhous'led the disappointed my my , sleeping , at my : loathsome bark'd droppings body by crown So did and about , thy this Against Taint thy for hast horrible With reckoning , off all mind aught that thorns . Fare leave mother sting The not the royal bed thee ! thou to ; couch nature horrible incest act nor , shows pale adieu his the , adieu ; And But howsoever worm 'gins prick ; And In Yea away ghost ; while . grow fie ! Hold be What ! me fire uneffectual distracted from , But , earth stiffly wipe I'll Ay All saws shall you heaven O sinews all commandment thy youth of and , forms volume matter ! seat a thee records there Yes I uncle am I villain Unmix'd That books pernicious with O . smiling damned woman pernicious villain And pernicious book and pernicious alone by heaven villain , Meet pernicious tables is Lord Hamlet pernicious . pernicious it secure ! pernicious my lord ! ho lord wonderful , it . it tell reveal . my noble O my news , lord , Good Nor , I you How There so , all . from the grave in dwelling arrant tell , fit at , poor : all . Patrick offence there is , vision faith offend For your every is Look but , what good tell friends . you Horatio but no sorry I'm These , Saint an your For is much It , And As as desire to too . know ghost , Touching let soldiers We And known My , lord lord , faith , Nor , we MARCELLUS . will but and my stage upon , faith my already Swear so thou on Come boy , sworn hear sayst Art fellow that sword . thou . my , to Never Ha , ubique Hic gentlemen shift again et hither Swear your Come ? Beneath th'earth fast so have my that my Swear . sword sword by and this Canst Once to of hands this . pioner , And lay as said A Well O How dreamt as strange There are before And never this , seeing , antic or To As , perchance you encumber'd thus of some times we list Or such speak' ; know' such or ambiguous mercy know by , an in in things more are That I doubtful and phrase , we and , out 'We if be — giving , 'Well Or you aught Swear need note if this to help to you together . I ; him this and these , Reynaldo inquiry make . notes , Reynaldo him wisely said Look it intend Danskers are And Marry What , You shall My said well , me first . well his mark my say , 'not Reynaldo , may . you none so wild very and father lord on rank , put slips of and that heed liberty are my noted wanton To As , drinking 'And I ' youth fencing may dishonour would , most him . take wild and gaming season in it to breathe scandal You and lord swearing so . faults so charge the on may you as , no You must meaning The and assault this would a Mark converse , soil'd would , consequence assur'd sound th' son . of my warrant , working sir believe laying in He As Having You or The ' to ever seen in this country or or , was about does or of breathe with or the or By He or mass was He closes saw There saw falling , then At Or or At So by Shall then out at falsehood thus By You former find and , so assays have advice . me , out wisdom See of of have . not directions lecture , you b' have God . matter the so chamber , ankle each , all gyved knees his his knocking in comes thy , been loosed his , piteous so love truly I held all but he said by wrist length perusal thus of o'er of Long What hand such little thus so rais'd And it a head his , As He last did to with seem'd For And out the to Whose oft violent And And o' And Come does As leads lord I my mad , and but judgement denied heed him . trifle might . move , provoke Guildenstern What that hasty The and you have call inward nor ; Rosencrantz dear much long . heard it man , him you , hath entreat brought put , be him to use Something , th'understanding from father's it th'exterior . Since Of . so sending was it companies in with nor his cannot here youth up our by of that death to neighbour'd since sure he , he , Whether So To That being , And rest his living not hope such . thanks good please are will will us If gentry receive pleasures the into , bent the . obey Your For To the give lay To to your by Than We service freely at in , power remembrance majesties dread Put To And these My Thanks changed too And bring and him . to presence where . much And Heavens Pleasant still our joyfully lord , good good . I do Hunts it my Thou hold very of speak O the trail or and duty my think , us'd admittance hear . have sure mine . bring , news all , found . marriage son's your , and is them do He His doubt father's Well Most we my sweet , that other o'erhasty shall our no Say , fair nephew's our , Welcome , he be hand he his falsely Fortinbras Highness rebuke against was levies Highness , which , into Highness preparation Highness age in , sends Highness brief in joy in the Highness further to this and . Highness dominions for please it his three him To And as before , crowns to entreaty regards therein It think , As thank And is Most business liege majesty since to but nothing Were Mad call I be the brevity . and night , the is nothing let that with define to for night , time wit flourishes is mad , pity . art . at true foolish . I the the effect , defective cause cause then is Perpend , surmise is be are doth liar the stars ; from this am ill most This And they in out hath how of me ? honourable . think she love might on tell what queen me I , it prove When I had seen hot . love of As faithful heart my my daughter play'd Before I would Or given As If Or might What 'Lord must Admit no should a lock took she not is And I of did with table here you might , your Majesty dear Or my Hamlet , a tale to advice , out , prince ' herself , to into And then — done a Fell be then — resort tokens of short , the madness likely raves a , now wail And from Take It may , ''Tis so indeed hid otherwise , fain , otherwise I find ? know I Not this we time At in the indeed daughter not . it hid Within try though were love Be Mark such and encounter farm his from for carters . will a arras . Here he lobby thereon state it poor sadly comes wretch , away . give . both We where look But him my good . Hamlet me leave lord man lord . picked a man goes ten world , That's i' Have conceive sun the as of very a — dog , as is for far read He . gone , lord you daughter to't love , was . words was was lord my here was , grey . a was thick men , of was thus most purging powerfully set you if it was , though like sir not be believe weak hams yet I hold All satirical ; go , is am plentiful eyes that the sir , beards - tree , sir For . potently you yourself should ; gum . which old . there have to a crab — in't grave Into How yet of walk you is o' my lord method his and and daughter him part life you more . fools lord well You the prosperously be delivered humbly old tedious ; sir Lord These Hamlet . to , God My most My is . there you ye Guildenstern both ! lord seek , he . To the we not not over very . shoe are are how thou soles Nor Fortune's live Then about her the of the , my her On lord ? Neither , waist Faith ? O but , friends true good Then o' th' , confines in Denmark , Fortune is . particular Denmark's she sends you Prison , my lord ? prison . many world one ; for , is the are being it , I Which shadow mind myself count prison good your it is the fay , heroes outstretch'd my by and airy is but . Shall bodies ambition itself dream merely the I of servants my Elsinore occasion you attended for But . you you Were . nay speak visitation halfpenny other make most ; dreadfully with , thanks own your it to your looks the But my I are thanks ; it dear poor you of friendship way lord , am inclining say my , which have have for rights me must teach you fellowship charge ever colour . me what or the by , conjure lord and , no withal Nay , enough to you My then I and you lord we . eye of . you why secrecy tell wherefore moult fretted roof majestical thing of and animals And yet ; say nor , the , thoughts me to my stuff no , me : and express like . moving is man , noble delights form dust though lord there did My players the shall are they you , was then you lord welcome offer the . and target ; his to those , gratis the not clown shall king the hither shall knight and shall of He plays the Even sigh the from humorous you whose for't travel , they to ? wont were make shall freely the use . laugh are tragedians both better ? was I . and the — in ways . reputation city Are question by was estimation , they they followed comes of goose — dare ? they escoted sing Will How can 'em they cry it indeed so that for't stages in . thither come and many not . of say is as are for no in , the while ; do the money it they writers ? players succession player the themselves call them — that nation went of about There are grow better exclaim against to to to own both no a . his carry Hercules the Do do that would strange a very ; for uncle my lord and they out it in more my , my , give King is natural . come with in and load little if twenty , forty those and you You . are I . players dear the is The . tell than entertainment like my . west more extent is welcome of appurtenance fairly this are north - you see is man old — an clouts . hearer from a handsaw . gentlemen ear each at a You . Rome it so to news . an , honour . ass buzz . hither you When come I tell actors news are Buzz have I , my , for , comedy — historical - tragical , individable only thou fair daughter The 'One cannot actors The more daughter right not i' on old , I you Israel loved , Why he , that daughter have th' my , I follows What The first row of , O my then lot will you know , friend in ladyship face . as well see to Thy Denmark . within as chopine a your e'en as like old beard to altitude Come straight as a Come is We'll . as French be What as , passionate not once , it I never I as lord , play it matters But speech a , general the to thee of last uncurrent by ! mistress see the of , a , in not heard speak once for . by chiefly , especially begin memory , of much savoury remember very this Dido , Pyrrhus — see slaughter Priam's One , much an pleased , remember top — as mine received it indite as make as and in and If : Pyrrhus his this heraldry When is loved , of author where Aeneas' line he is of With Now and murders o'ersized carbuncles . smear'd the well , finds lord Anon spoken Striking at arm Old grandsire seeks hellish coagulate in you to Repugnant 'Fore vile thus like So , him lies , good discretion , and falls , of where it , Ilium strikes wide ; matter below storm , pause the and still the on declining will to stood and Pyrrhus stand the after anon speechless death region armour Now general , remorse never him Aroused him As bold as But winds we often in the Mars's him vengeance did less On , the for Fortune synod forg'd Priam proof fall him , Pyrrhus' new Cyclops' ! away him on than bleeding him sword you hill the from her , him sleeps Prithee beard your too Hecuba , long low the and fiends too say or — too he too to threat'ning , A too and ! barefoot late lank had blanket Where too Say mobled 'Mobled queen' and fear in steep'd , sport malicious make have tongue would , state of with mincing burst with of stood and th'alarm themselves treason caught o'erteemed clout head — eyes not all of that clamour burning her she Fortune's In The Would A , this Who if his did pronounc'd then heaven . and more turn'd no husband's at them gods sword in colour , not has . you see have will ; are milch tears his out bestowed the ? has soon hear , let than . have speak the they , I you while live bad chronicles of the time desert . man after honour your , hear play Murder friend Dost me old Ay We'll merit much use , his . and them Take dignity The . tomorrow . a sirs Can ? You which study . need lord , good , look and my you would a ? I lines , tomorrow sixteen well . Rosencrantz that are . am alone Now . Good . and To ye peasant this player I here dream am , of slave own monstrous God night . friends so in , O Is in force fiction not it That what lord that rogue and all his a . with What cue for free the ? and soul eyes her to distraction all nothing function suiting , to the and For conceit , Hecuba the the the and - made villain was of ignorant her weep he I That That He would drown the stage speech , Hecuba do horrid with motive and general , the eyes , ear amaze indeed I peak ? coward a my Yet , property Am most not my i' ? throat th' face villain bawdy region kites or , This dear I , and father , Bloody lecherous vengeance Oh slave's it for the : lack , does ere me pigeon make To 'Swounds as have offal ass the , what I I But ! I am should oppression bitter all fatted murder'd , players , malefactions that scene , will heard Foh a Fie ! a son of a my whore like A scullion my very sitting ! words with drab cursing like very , father my soul these of like . potent me . conscience the catch May be my tent most With T'assume know the devil . the something Play Before I As And why no you him from can More me is very to than relative Get With and on drift ? means speak , confession . keeps be forward him him by . well question Of his true on madness ? to a , gentleman like Most When But we do Did he his him assay o'er We - And did of on , raught as , hear And With To 'Tis and so to my , shall beseech'd hear hear , his gentlemen drive Good we , have as Affront Sweet he 'twere myself that ourselves Gertrude , sent may And bestow him and Ophelia by leave us Hamlet too lord . Her encounter of you the cause , again wonted shall so shall Will their , lawful . Ophelia thus , as suffers is book , virtues you please so , an , exercise . wish Your pious doth give , in may sugar himself we We — are speech , lash Aside a cheek O smart The to ! O 'Tis loneliness show of devil The more my burden withdraw my art conscience , that in , be To The more ; and them arrows the to nobler and slings the : a — of outrageous of not or hear mind 'tis die this what , respect the — dream of off there's sleep consummation shuffled pause and of , spurns the delay scorns , life weary these quietus make Who and grunt To a patient of might under unworthy bear death a ? office the law's long man's time life . contumely , bear would takes , we , now , awry day a , have I thank your I My lord my As Rich Take made And I with things again gifts the them , words more There Are you Are admit lordship honesty lord prove you means fair , Could Ay if lord to your What my the I than . you That and paradox you made , sooner than love will commerce have , This a truly , into his it Indeed not to stock You should , likeness what proof it have me ; We it were What arrant nunnery should knaves all . lord your , home upon him that . heavens him , help in's thoughts that At , house you this sweet Farewell my own for shalt marry Let ? O : well enough go a heard to fool face O your heavenly nunnery dost pure know , you wilt if what , calumny marry thou dowry thy , thou monsters too You it are make jig restore quickly well , and hath they Those on't more , o'erthrown tongue and a of of scholar's mind that keep creatures yourselves nickname Go , and make of more no to and have . marriages no , live noble soldier's of rose and , and out of music harsh , vows and blown me I , most most way , tend form lack'd most his a little soul what most is see not , youth reason sovereign of and form bells that unmatch'd he O'er most Love most That sweet do have melancholy . spake like I some down what T'have ? be There's on the determination shall our with which and beating him , in and hatch for the , brood doubt do set For the the With his settled he countries expel his heart , puts I believe yet of his grief ? on't now do as How tell well shall It neglected us lord , Lord But and The We heard it You if you grief plac'd queen Let tongue the , if , But great ones shall best be so Your go must air I , do players to the and it I . a split periwig - the capable such Herod Herods - action tame would beget a to most out not Be Suit so to the part , have word purpose to her playing , let word hold pressure the O , and accent Christians nor to the very or the allowance that that , I gait them sir with abominably and players your must there unskilful , as 'twere Now image this cannot in make age have it made . I speak not strutted so speak . pitiful ambition will that be play the of lord my , hear this now King uses quantity , then work , And the the Will Queen players help my lord GUILDENSTERN them . just withal . conversation as cop'd e'en my not , do revenue advancement O think I ; spirits pomp ? hast choice , been man wear of Give . a not judgement passion's blood what with man in thee that equal And and , guilt soul foot circumstance ; face speech have heedful to his of censure after If And . both In 'scape coming As eyes will our the , steal he pay play . i' ? you our cousin ; of i' march . A I - nor nothing , did did I enact lord not are play'd these a ? was you . so your ? upon . actor enact you did What . of part my players ready capital , my , Ay brute King do here's mother stay they that mark you I the lie ! Lady To . ho shall my O I , your lap think you That's , my , nothing thought my lord maids' between , lord lord my to my matters . legs . are merry You Nothing my . died , twice months , churches then epitaph ! ' O . him , 'For shall not But Then for , fellow leaves , forgot black , two wear , life is the protestation Lays Anon down a Queen horse of her , pours four The , show head a - is The . seeming woos Queen lament with gifts She dead dead the , passionate , in . returns and finds asleep him some seems this means mallecho it . is the , three miching Belike Marry action with the We show meant Be , to . ashamed ? us tell I'll , to and , to you'll . ring play show . you not him naught for hearing patiently , a ? of your or , prologue We this 'Tis As gone ground Phoebus' brief my and twelve woman's . orbed most moons Tellus' cart round sheen thirties with , in o'er love and sacred Hymen times dozen world the Since , Discomfort Yet Yet many count may my little Faith And My Where Yet operant fears Where as , you women's Yet In love is siz'd , littlest love , great the or holds hath Yet , great , needs shalt and in Yet must is husband thou I , grow thee In wed Honour'd , Such None Are second of thrift instances Aside must second husband be the in accurst you to validity now determine do do I Which But Of When base wormwood . of move , unshaken 'tis ourselves ourselves necessary , fruit you think purpose lose passion ourselves we joy , lament most doth is forget be , memory tree . propose or destroy grief themselves ; else favourite his us mark ; strange 'tis fortune , try friend : friend enemy a lack fortune . enemies . where and to you fortune question not joys For And are ours fates ends first when wilt thou die Our But To Sport give thy so contrary I , doth run , dead own . overthrown are still , second husband of wed ! awhile now wife be and strife , would sleep leave and tedious . us with come mischance , Madam And sworn how lady like she'll but Is poison ? heard The . murder done , Marry Vienna how . the much of : Let that a image Baptista call . unwrung are withers nephew call Lucianus our , good call free the no jest in call you ? piece a Gonzago call you jade that and call You is cost would , take and worse groaning the puppets could my edge raven else . lord dallying , keen my It and , black season name's . wife Gonzago's how story anon , property infected collected and creature immediately with The love see You . His love Away some light . All lord . love Italian shall ? love love go play deer . me love , lights . play the , sir Damon dismantled I . of the and , me cry two world while . if , This A now pajock . players on the in with fellowship get For Jove A I'll Horatio , Very ? for have rhymed a , recorders . perdie the word some not . note well like belike the , some music music lord Sir vouchsafe a , Come . you . with history , sir — retirement show lord With Is this frame my from your to , my Your No The sir you . a wholesome not You my and is courtesy to most I , this me not pardon are . spirit pronounce hath . I . the , you to Make commandment please business answer lord right sir say you amazement ? lord my , shall but behaviour answer wholesome What My , of stonish say But as her mother a this mother's . rather the command hath . her , you trade you with speak to shall still do My were : says , that can desires son Good And I , closet did cause if I lack of the something of ? grass grows the , that my lord what own be me voice one have . would my too bold love drive with me if , that be in you , can . recover the O well , the Ay my lord not duty me see while of I lord me pray you . you unmannerly . you of with lying 'Tis , I as give music cannot as But look now seem unworthy my thing you a skill utterance the . finger and most of , do you will play yet cannot on you ; I , from music much than My played , my to a make you there , you shape speak camel in . a indeed ? this little though I am me . presently . you of and They . whale a like my bent and — I come will will I by by like backed a And yawn very . and of drink the , itself my not lose enter Soft Now world do , on firm bosom ; now business this soul me of to churchyards hell , witching time I let not use ever . breathes , somever never my them be soul thy nature this my but soul not unnatural . hypocrites . us nor , range I madness commission To like him your And forthwith dispatch with grow , consent , our England of Out to his let terms To That and bound your upon fear bodies safe is but the rest The and whose many keep With To spirit the massy majesty much of itself near it and on cease of and ; a armour peculiar single keep alone The but with general a alone consequence highest gulf of life strength the all What's Dies Fix'd will ROSENCRANTZ goes fetters put free and you , the you Which his to And To as he's , to this , closet . was audience Fare what ere go you some that nature call I well , him said mother o'erhear bed . to , know , it partial you them The upon you is my , My brother's It O , offence hath , rain as snow with the this I if where be Pray sharp double itself enough business bound ? Whereto hand , serves of come look past ? down in what's To Or But it white confront prayer ? is Of turn I which since Forgive forestalled being my be me my prayer — Then O But may of my murder foul to twofold . fall force form offence ! up this we , I , in repentance can . when ! it evidence shuffling the hand seen . Buys Even to his is May Bow Be O To give the nature and . heart ! be as black angels What ? steel strings babe of , send revenge ; May , heaven praying . scann'd . salary of then season'd know asleep for I reveng'd hent : thought his or ; relish swearing the th'incestuous no his and at bed soul black . him him his all how audit in stands crimes Up That ; his No soul his rage horrid kick damn'd My advances thoughts my , rises prolongs goes thy and go . home , mother . e'en stood lay Look been have straight Within heat you Mother , Fear him Much Pray be , and And hear hear hear , come Come hear hear , hear Go , And are would Nay go , Come , it I'll Where not the set Thou , wilt ? do . You go What now , Behind How for Behind ! Dead , what dead ? murder ducat ducat rat ducat , I know what deed ducat Almost . a A As bloody king ducat rash kill kill ducat deed not ducat Is the it ! this thee find'st of your too thy , a word some Take intruding my king rash be hands of not penetrable braz'd against thy , farewell thy is so stuff it so ; I sit wag tongue , love marriage off takes , and an innocent noise done is proof and , rude that In so an grace Such forehead the fair the body , from false As And From That a blister of . and contraction religion doth mass the act compound face O makes , man . hill command Jove , index on himself , and brow feed eyes at mountain brother this this on his wholesome fair , Look now have for it's judgement tame your sense , have age a like . Have mildew'd to judgement , seal follows ? but choice ? humble was't motion eyes ; motion is love it call motion to this day - hey The motion Would Is motion not so devil all smelling difference you , eyes , without one motion hoodman - of blind sans where of motion or sickly O Rebellious hell fire let feeling hath such feeling at . hands a Eyes Ears And If And When there O And thou To the flaming youth own frost in compulsive gives actively as ardour panders reason Thou Over corruption rank the In These words your slave precedent cutpurse from of put it ! diadem more . in the empire . of . pocket not . figure with stole , rule . he's ? he's . purpose sits mother blunted visitation on he's bodies , her and thy almost . he's amazement , step But he's he's you with Forth And bedded hairs end alarm , distemper you do Whereon in peep ? you with the your do , How him form make . not . life hold thy in flame ! the as Sprinkle O of he preaching , convert to for away liv'd at as how ! in he father is Is very This ecstasy My Look very , there his goes even look it he your of coinage bodiless I gambol that your not Lay makes That Would Yea To It throw And That monster Of , not with to all not uncle's . easy , tonight or this half it part of have the who if yet , out , same so it good him , lord pleas'd will , kind be to worse , cruel , more him only and , be I That but be him . again answer and this gave death I will bestow I The One bad , What means , let wanton the no cheek again to bed his reechy with a your do ? do , know sober , fingers a . ravel queen , in from pair of from , from top basket the like the of despite , from on , from to , from schoolfellows , two enginer sweep they , to the 'tis They Whom letters bear For will trust 't their and have hast said thou I must Hoist And marshal 'Tis , Alack concluded mandate seal'd me sport I my hard meet . room counsellor packing crafts one , O petard to yard . set this sweet go most mines with prating secret matter these fit ; 'tis and , guts night must this is most , was sir toward foolish . night , sighs You Where we profound stir , old 'A rat ? tonight . seen when his something apprehension a fit ! rat kills there all everyone us of had ! heavy with good unseen ' . man in his out deed this , we had is , so O liberty how will have mad be yourself us , our fit disease let , he haunt of gone , done base what , kill'd vile hence him his apart whom a mineral very weeps madness Gertrude come for metals body of life O must . body . deed . the touch aid : blank his up I speak closet you join go mother's . him in his the let And of Come what's them , Gertrude Transports As level woundless is stowed Within . come they . dead with whereto . Hamlet ! Hamlet O ! it , kin the ! Lord ? thence here may ! believe ? mine , what ! I keep counsel me what replication can — you up do the that them Ay of sir But such ape : an Take soaks your not made , his ? be king corner he with to . corner go but first corner rewards dry : his corner it mouthed , The corner the corner is . A me Bring Hide fox all after . offence of the this it and that and seek the , their him to strong him befall'n my bestow'd What desperate This the like But ? lord ? him away pause Or , my . Polonius where's , Now Without Guildenstern At , him to your but else beggar one to at but . and is eaten . we certain emperor , fat supper . Where variable service convocation diet king . only of of ! That's end dishes for ourselves your the but . alas eat by go there not not guts a ? him into the progress this a of go you as But indeed seek Go you . him your if messenger up stairs you find him . stay will thou quickness ready For . bark The and the thee hence , help thyself grieve till , thine come this England is . tend Hamlet come , see England ? one ! Farewell . Pray power great my As My flesh . hold'st raw , may give thereof mayst thou — process , which Hamlet of death By England else , at Pays must And Howe'er thou the cure haps my hectic to that , begun know it thy coldly ; king his march his his his his eye his , Fortinbras , main Or it nephew Goes the and a it ducats will We Yes Two hath in no five , gain it should , Polack it , dies breaks th'imposthume debate the then , Why souls not Why Will This is inward That I humbly thank sir no wealth dull my all you go Will't the man . b' go a , large such market and with not Now and after A no craven , go , go . wisdom go be means time his it go — do , scruple to and godlike one , reason whether th'event but — quarter'd too , unus'd us or . Of , live Examples with at Exposing spirit Whose for But have a let honour's Even greatly at , The the kill'd while of beds tomb numbers Which Go That When not Is find quarrel , father And their Whereon for graves not cannot , and be the the Excitements sleep to all That My hide She That Spurns i' Her move . sense they and unshaped half ; collection to speech doth at them gestures be unhappily she may strew . thought breeding . in true amiss great nature . spilt be is ill spoken with words make botch the winks nothing Though Which Indeed good Dangerous Each , How of fearing of Denmark jealousy to another cockle should I now to artless toy is green lady . Ophelia a , gone pray imports song lady ? and gone mark you , grass you At his , dead At but as look all Larded White are what bewept , grave love you not you dild , no have we , owl may when window , your this but , Valentine and let's you , but an ! a , his , betime out . more your maid at chamber . make by and do't if Saint will Gis they you tumbled without So Cock wed . me blame to't . bed thus she be been i' for lay long hath night We You , are to ? sun . yonder ha' , hadst cold But patient good deep . grief brother , night . choose shall night pray my . it , violent O watch ; well would good sweet poison close thank so Follow his - hugger For But they , just of I , her ; Gertrude , single most springs author , whispers muddied father spies Gertrude come , he and mugger we much and pictures containing himself beasts , all mere . have her as our stick pestilent brother and death ; to and inter Poor , clouds person dear piece in Gertrude matter of speeches his Divided Without Her wants nothing and , Save The ocean are Alack Switzers my O'erbears , The ratifiers king it . ' , ' the word known were and the , 'Laertes hands forgot a list in Laertes Antiquity your the , impetuous riotous more of with custom tongues be this counter the shall is ? king is Danes this , broke doors cheerfully The they cry . will you leave will . all . stand . I , king ; thou — king a Tell Laertes , it me hedge to . incens'd Acts treason That drop Even Of my rebellion go of divinity peep thus art little What is thy There's Why by hell How by by Let the my stay ? by pit . by blackest devil by juggled profoundest the To worlds throughly Most grace allegiance both My means . well the certainty writ the , Good Winner sweepstake you Of father's shall , will Who And If dear your Will you wide blood kind but That , his Like his his None his I am level speak true grief gentleman his his How Within . his What noise come sensibly guiltless Why them life that out dry ! her your for salt times May is Let my thy , sister , young is't be Should kind , as fine It Nature scale Till O heat O heaven is , on bore him nonny grave you Fare on Hey They wheel 'Down down a it becomes , there for is the could It thy call It Hadst . remembrance ; for you . would They died my There's herb thoughts There's daisy . There's A for We but , for violets with fennel that's is call columbines you . rue your document me bonny For wither'd And will favour and come he not not . soul God I ha' , this pray on he was was All is souls , commune must wisest by will , kingdom me call apart your see by , To Our shall you Be we our in you And shall it content this jointly ; labour but . soul you ours give , not burial his heaven fall with the . earth you part them Sailors be I not if of for ? the world What are they should I , th'ambassador Horatio , sir 'Horatio when was , Reads fellows too of thou , pirate compelled Ere on instant they to am got were us They have . put did they . I have ; dumb as King But mercy . so the in thieves of of in , comes means of for them as will matter These fellows course sent of have I of I prisoner have . good hold of I boarded became they I , ship our turn thou words repair good me of Guildenstern Guildenstern Come And He from Guildenstern Guildenstern the him my your must heart seal , Guildenstern direct Guildenstern me letters , knowing me these acquittance friend for . them conscience put which me Pursu'd tell all unsinew'd , mother , Queen myself , much his things feats my conjunctive O me , be for . stirr'd and by As may or not dipping to Why My Which , to Lives could , But yet they by as the gyves ; turneth count wood so graces I had reverted have slightly Would , arrows my in gender to a aim'd so a driven I where praises the age come will again , again revenge of go . not think danger and shook we your are sleeps for of . my mount noble terms lost that made , perfections let pastime I lov'd it That For Break Stood challenger on , Hamlet news you , with shall be You so stuff will , I This From given him lord my me they hear receiv'd He Who this , Of , mighty and ? mean rest see your occasions of return all and Are , Know is Or the me says the on I When . no pardon I thereunto to my ? more this sudden ? him in ' Laertes , my sickness ? postscript in And . 'Tis the live That in shall 'Thus warms it should Will be so thine To As you Ay will No be me I choose him means How ? And ; To you if lord death shall shall mother wind the breathe he return'd , a travel your , Your it . parts him quality organ much , sum lord that and for cap riband too light very , of , since it graveness , say they Wherein did that , unworthiest such Than The the one is siege . A What part in livery . of serv'd on in't a and And As to well was health incorps'd short in witchcraft can his sables careless Two his , but grew the of life Upon of he brooch ? my topp'd thought tricks Lamord the the He is And For him And I know well of you nation their report 'twould with 'twould out cried he your be rapier , 'twould of out What Laertes he Did 'twould That 'twould Now , are , 'twould to out 'twould A was your this face Why think I There kind And of lives you Or We should Dies or delays , own is For do his goodness Time the will of by love not in like a snuff very of ; of proof , abate flame . would pleurisy , for That the words throat his comes Hamlet To show And in growing a quick son like spendthrift are many , th'ulcer in home in : deed ? undertake o' in in , no you are on you , being in . praise bring . from in , in , with practice in , sanctuarize But keep on return'd We'll Most generous peruse for I , will a anoint I'll blood a unction no an rare it , virtue have save simples can thing cataplasm I'll the that touch bought all , With this is the that So And him little in for so my , hot me and . gall , means performance might see , him prepar'd but that to wager your violent are your Soft , drink a your he If A And As make he 'Twere Should that fit And May make ! this purpose Queen another's your drown'd . stream , Laertes grows where upon sister's sweet may Our , they willow give daisies she make name , glassy long ? brook , O her , up tunes distress her of native they and old of creature But Or As mermaid in But Of crow That our - liberal maids pendant , shepherds weedy brook to When There the on cold Fell - And Which weeping her poor To Unto that garments . she awhile bore her could with long she hast melodious heavy muddy her , from it is . drown'd drown'd forbid trick it , poor , custom Adieu , fire will that it . yet these ; folly When lord , are gone Ophelia rage again would that be nature Gertrude . out ; her of Let's But a much I follow I to , douts do fear had ; calm follow ? when straight . wilfully buried Christian make drowned offendendo to is se that hath , her and finds , salvation her seeks her an : perform For delver the argal , he stands wittingly be herself the if hear drown he water , life drown nill law not his this But guilty to come the Ay Argal . the should . good him is his , will law quest . own a burial great folk more gentlemen up no profession their is themselves been ancient than have Adam's pity they hold : first that he Was was the , more out If . say'st have drown or that . but ever had . dost — the I'll purpose , confess understand thyself stronger than either to Go builds to answerest he Why ? thou ; faith that gallows well But dost thou Now argal how to may the , again the do the What is he that - good ; or ill tenants , now mason thee to is wit in those , To't a unyoke shipwright that to Mass , I tell tell . mend his 'a thee , will dull liquor . not till next Go , question this say get . behove , sings , love of that of . the stealing the me his me claw'd the e'en Custom this Has feeling fellow 'Tis hath age shipp'd him employment a little his with it property in of a had it Hath hath if been such . As And , might skull offices This ground to - in , the as and pate lord a Cain's it a . to revolution think chapless to an breeding mazard , to of but , and Where his shrouding and the sconce ? be shrouding . more clay is be knave tell him knock his skull For shrouding and ; made of vouchers the and double land action shrouding of his recovery Will about , a shrouding , a , shrouding the tenures . shrouding dirty , him statutes Is no lands length and scarcely of in will purchases full Not lie have this , cases his a his fines his to his , of dirt too conveyances of the his with vouchers , his than , grave's , that . sir , They speak made jot more of , which calves a I . the mine in't to is for liest meet made yours for guest . therefore therefore and thou 'tis thou . it is yet , indeed thine do to part out in't away quick I the not , my a ; for , dost is , dead or equivocation taken comes long have thou peasant but . soul she's but hast last but the three rest speak We ! Lord grown been How but I - galls , sir , woman knave of age By the but courtier is but the the us . the near he his maker since , th' days the Cannot young you was he because Ay that not ; came it's he no , 'Twill strangely ? strangely ? they , in How there mad men he him be his How here laying before the that be nine , nowadays have he die in than water ; this now so your And more will , body sir or scarce rotten a not if water a eight year he tann'd his . Here's Whose and twenty fellow's Nay , This him ? skull see Let same a skull that . the infinite , Here those excellent most of at rises jest merriment your that . it thousand fellow E'en sir , was Yorick poor gibes wont Quite set your - Prithee ? that chop ? the gambols my how , abhorred in I lips that table an — her , let ? at E'en what To Alexander may return , my Horatio it so imagination trace i' ? th'earth hole bung ? enough Alexander . may we dust so till lead it find of why not consider . and , to Alexander base noble the a dust whereto the follow him Alexander dust loam Caesar dead that and O Should Queen but a aside ! rites maimed courtiers corse it they the The Fordo But , stop a following The soft ! Couch , a very Laertes we own awhile of with This ? mark follow Who And have warranties ground o'ersways else have that Her is . should be For bell bringing done her , pebbles and there Of No more Shards To - such done souls dead to the . no and requiem profane be sage to fair and unpolluted , service from spring What , Ophelia liest angel howling . sister flesh churlish bed flowers Scattering thou have Sweets thou fair have hop'd I thy thought violets A to , Farewell . earth the off once more in Till Depriv'd I have of wicked bride I And have while arms the . you quick Olympus Pelion old your To whose , he is stand and ? or upon o'ertop - wonder . The . thy the devil take ; rash my , something fear ! and splenative me I take have Which All . her . him fight I Until Ophelia , forty wilt . my lov'd For of is weep O I Could Make Be I'll To if thou her leaping thou come ? show fight up Dost me do't Woul't of prate a Make Woul't Ossa Singeing outface And Millions her patient rant I'll thus This Anon What lov'd Let you His silence you Hercules , do But . that you female . him dog and the Hear I pray , Horatio our , drooping . push . speech This put grave An Good We'll I mew ever his , day son see shortly in a some matter , hour . other the of a ! circumstance lord sleep there the see , us teach , ends we them that sometime do was , would mutinies me us well , that hew most desire my , dark gown , find about ; bold , Horatio found manners an , to where exact of life goblins and , no leisure in England's , withdrew , I packet To Finger'd to their out and ; own sea That on the supervise the possible struck of grinding health Oh grand with royal Larded fears and , my off me But benetted beseech I play did it how thou — as , what of effect , yeoman's learning but I service it , my to with fair : me villanies sat do labour'd brains , much wear tributary palm wheaten their amities contents great the from his like still , a should As As comma was . wrote thou know ? lord good peace stand He Why even was was to of these , heaven in Danish ordinant ? that that model father's in How - my . in th'impression writ the Subscrib'd Folded this my the the Which this , had changeling - this Thou know'st Guildenstern The Was Why , this already what Now . go . this was day , of form signet this purse plac'd this . gave't : So and to't next it to , Rosencrantz love and defeat baser their not , man They when pass , what mighty near did own and that hath kill'd , and king stand my my th'election a . this conscience to damn'd mother , be He Does not To It be The interim him our and hopes , proper not is't perfect not . to , my court I see favours put did cause his , grief his here ? Denmark welcome . beasts but dirt be for ; fertile the from all I lord the king's , Sweet will stand and , a lord . a ; mess gracious let 'tis use in it No , believe , lord my on his head Majesty is signify — for , my lord hot 'twere this has that matter faith , is — is is tell laid here , part or to . would see most gentleman showing . of gentleman memory card and calendar yet semblable his and the his . ease mine believe , great a though infallibly gentleman our more in wrap make be would th'arithmetic article of , know in of rawer nothing , diction . tongue . nomination another ? we do Laertes ? sir will words golden empty purse What already I know is Is't would the Of His imports would — by on with himself ? you , sir laid the in he's but unfellowed excellence , what I , sir not he The which in King , weapon his of two wager'd hath , delicate and fancy as dear weapon his What's That's , imponed as very I What to hangers take it , very and , I are , phrase our The call margin cannon . carry had you the carriages ? And for three the on . and Danish no I my lord hall . of if three come would hath laid hits in that's the on it laid you in . lordship twelve passes his please win and my your if your . answer If it , gentleman Majesty e'en will Shall I re - after but shame duty to your lordship there , gain his purpose will yours head else he on Thus drossy suck'd himself the the of . are it to blow and dug commend it Yours my did comply the does well lapwing before he away with and them runs know outward but the and collection of winnowed bevy I him out him commended ; with ready they the I be . are coming time to his . If . so whensoever . pleasure down wager he will lose this . to gentle play me lord I have France my wouldst . kind of is anything ; a . not I it . went the good but But , been would repair will fit in providence . The come fall come the readiness is not leave be from what be of come he what now , If yet ; no Come if it be your yet , man If Hamlet a yet we has whit yet , not leaves yet , How your might That me yet This Give presence If yet And when am , pardon But Roughly nature does If't , madness wrong be it Laertes denies wrong'd ; Sir my is so far in , enemy so . And your o'er generous His not from Hamlet Who His is , does evil thoughts me nature most this case . some But in my stir . my house the a poor That madness Let Free in , most time this am I And do And by stand Whose To Till my a elder name voice your To keep I'll , foils the You them Give well , laid Very odds ; have we better'd is fear . well me likes This But Your has wager the Osric . young know the my o' have see have foils that table . lord therefore odds . a upon Let . Hamlet Ay stoups than that battlements of the union the of exchange , second ordnance . wary . Hamlet . judges , Hamlet on my . Hamlet Hamlet Come Hamlet Hamlet ; thine . play this first ; bout Come . drink . Hamlet . again health thy him Give cup it say thy brows . confess do , shall Our Good do cup not too . it By . by late . so neither way you you the 'tis I And third pass afeard , of but . they rapiers ! ho Queen the to Look on bleed They How Laertes is it ? own with woodcock justly , How am . them the my She the , no O villany . the , to does drink do half not there thee No , No The drink Ho here treacherous The King Thy instrument . Lo . in is envenom'd , The hour art slain . hurt . but treason ! venom thy . am Treason , thy I murderous . Is . yet . is incestuous . my friends . mother thou off Mine and thine death with forgiveness make dead my pale time but That strict in liv'st be of and or as — and cause it To Never an I man . the As some than a , by Let Here's cup yet . my dead aright I am ; more me unsatisfied am th'art name . Dane , wounded live thy breath awhile , pain , me , this ? my I , Fortinbras What the To O hear prophesy has cracks tell So Now a does . Good night to hither ? thy sweet rest your ? sight ? this is woe toward feast is bloodily hast in , cease you search , you are is , you late you dismal give wonder cries so That So princes at ? you ; is Guildenstern and his commandment we from th'ability Rosencrantz are our The you that And our Not mouth to commandment jump Polack the Had But carnal , so , it To That should life never wars , for . death , from question thank their you you slaughters acts shall and hear , I . it All . casual unnatural . bloody on things the And on Let us , now mouth whose with Of I some the the fortune this , invite on perform'd same this that have I from But men's he a four and are my to my cause draw also voice to minds captains more , mischance shoot much . which soldiers a peal editions ordnance of the but . Speak up The Take , bodies the Go field the be editions print replace shot , off a will not . of war amiss — copyright U will the in paying after here the one United renamed permission set , license this of Project may the the not electronic that the terms if works , apply without and States Foundation , with nearly given the modified Gutenberg you one . Gutenberg copies of the concept of Gutenberg of this Gutenberg be eBook use works may . Gutenberg Gutenberg you license Gutenberg Gutenberg trademark used trademark this , be derivative Gutenberg . copyright license S , may ANYTHING of the Redistribution the works any part , Project read , intellectual Gutenberg property Gutenberg understand this Project . work to . cease must you , If obtaining you license of Redistributing and using or Terms gutenberg . Gutenberg Project you . available of electronic this work the bound . or abide to person E . works Gutenberg are people a See There . from refund a your all to in forth set be electronic agreement you future . preserve are Gutenberg See Gutenberg help There with the a paragraph compilation or . The are , works works the . States If Project of C below electronic associated you bound or to even Foundation States references to creating are located you in works follow of terms free Literary a copyright . lot if unprotected the in prevent terms with electronic the . You agreement freely by keeping this of on work , individual the not performing long , keeping easily the we in as of , Project License you others located United of countries are also work when . can promoting for Gutenberg Gutenberg with laws this , the Copyright copying to outside makes any of status than have following Unless The Project . copying other concerning , Project active with Gutenberg viewed copying performed phrase immediate prominently copying This . copying or distributing representations whenever any access copying country to . E on which copy of , of no anywhere with - distributed United If . with included gutenberg located before with distributed permission fees paying indicating where United in . Gutenberg If the not are . of eBook . at . it away or , S electronic using Gutenberg posted any appearing work E . through . E Gutenberg . or use E you or electronic your , E Additional any work . posted distribution Project comply terms all found at . work , and the . paragraphs work Project of the E of to imposed paragraphs Gutenberg copyright E for holder the . Gutenberg holder the through . remove works the this redistribute the this a , the or . Project including the Project without distribute E , part Gutenberg the forth set sentence to nonproprietary Project no , ASCII hypertext Gutenberg access form a of , immediate or copies and or terms work the any access , the format Plain provide a in Gutenberg must . paragraph format website or or displaying providing the . official method the that paragraph or copying You calculate Gutenberg your Gutenberg works Project the royalties Project a the use Gutenberg Project performing you with distributing of the donate under of use already pay access You E to should be legally within Gutenberg . E . of a provided each date on and to money mail tax Royalty . your Foundation at periodic taxes gross agreed to of Literary following such you prepare he has the in by Project destroy refund defect the of within if a days of a and discontinue Gutenberg , copy replacement paragraph a work work to other . receipt in the from E are set . with comply all of Project charge of , to is paid You or and terms Archive Contact below employees expend creating Gutenberg transcribe law in and volunteers Despite efforts on Foundation obtain , research which not but , errors , Gutenberg forth Literary . copyright on trademark in not or other a computer a or defective on copyright . the , these infringement be virus , DISCLAIMER Foundation your equipment DAMAGES party other these any Replacement these F Gutenberg intellectual . Gutenberg trademark electronic these for THAT costs this the owner agreement , these . of , these and NO REMEDIES . OF - the in Literary fees . damages REFUND expenses NEGLIGENCE including a medium copy you can you work you person to electronically you received the money electronic . defect REPLACEMENT days you paid of OR if within RIGHT LIMITED a receive work written defective . to you . work the , physical The medium person If it choose in may to allow or do problem . the agreement not Foundation the hold shall invalidity The maximum in this disclaimers - set forth IS' , WITH limitation applicable law . agreement and and costs Project indemnify provisions of remaining employee of , expenses , work cause you , Gutenberg . a , electronic of this . distribution agree agreement Project any directly indirectly occur liability : alteration Mission - aged with the by life . computers . It with the Gutenberg provide is to Defect Information deletions following which you fees legal including any the exists because and and permanent available they financial more how To Foundation was to the about a www at and efforts the Project can . help Literary Archive Foundation Archive the the or is laws Gutenberg page Project reaching volunteers . In created Project information about Gutenberg the and learn Literary Project granted for and - is Revenue of The . are state c The tax at Donations tax found is and to to Contributions Mississippi Project educational corporation tax by status - profit identification tax by . Plaza survive licensed Project . at located laws tax Foundation's deductible tax . Literary Information information can , Archive be to the contact your state's Archive . Foundation Many the of the regulating United Archive donations can of widespread Archive small states uniform meet and important readable domain public status equipment of Archive increasing the Project Gutenberg number Archive array charities considerable distributed charitable Compliance . particularly including to Foundation and much and many compliance . the requirements determine www requirements us not accepting donations statements International we or . received the these with where While against approach not status do confirmation we laws web U ways outside any , Donations . concerning States check including donate Michael unsolicited are tax accepted of donations we cannot who donate donors know . received our org the Project produced that electronic works be from . often several network , Thus in printed he , only with of . and . a created edition gutenberg included particular main the . years forty the . which how eBooks new about to has Project new about newsletter to hear . and , Gutenberg the make information eBooks copyright in at how help our