. Stand Stand Stand ? the Stand and ! King Barnardo Stand Stand Have am Get 'Tis For struck do , Horatio and . this Friends The honest . who night . the place hear think I farewell O And , soldier A , Horatio has Barnardo , Say will And Touching What , not says has Welcome if ? tonight , us him night , of along . it . ears story , this . of speak from we down t'illume that's night Barnardo and , of — where then westward part it . that the one like Look it Mark ? it ; King fear speak to spoke King and . be this and it of warlike fair buried majesty usurp'st , charge time By is heaven of ! it offended . thee ! will stalks ! and I charge and ! You answer ? you not fantasy something ! I think this true tremble . own sensible avouch King like might to ? he art had combated very : strange th'ambitious this an the by he our and I to of jump know my and our , me tell strange and observant of scope brazen cast of daily the , shipwrights for and whose that Sunday , labourer - the implements with inform the ? from me that ; I . can can but whisper That now by on you goes by a know so appear'd which in , most , of ; our known by , world a life all who our and of ; law by his which with ratified by seiz'd inheritance our the To the King vanquisher carriage of . been Now mettle unimproved Hamlet of skirts and , Norway of diet up list food a For Hath Of the a As That in it Shark'd But And terms to recover compulsatory lost the appear of And those our , this motive our haste - post may armed to most it That A mote Well is is was through that no our and like the , Rome eye King of mind's fell the and dews in tenantless ere high and palmy Julius of dead star stands with events , it comes ! earth done thing me ! blast earth . use or grace to earth fate , earth earth life walk earth earth earth ! in speak and , womb uphoarded the you Stay treasure , If which Or Shall I , crew . majestical , malicious blows the the wrong To cock a Upon To his confine . and fire when show is our speak like I . invulnerable , it then The Doth with , Awake Whether This Th'extravagant in that say our the 'gainst of is singeth , dawning Saviour's no , wholesome nor fairy takes hallow'd So Walks And then , So But Break As Do you needful spirit Let's consent in , Where discretion To Yet discretion With Th'imperial discretion one ; nor wisdoms along discretion better follows a weak that you know For which discretion have freely barr'd thanks , death discretion defeated dropping dole discretion , of dream fail'd to surrender with valiant for this have we scarcely , hears scope the your more personal than power . duty ? Laertes , Laertes my of reason wouldst What the : suit to , will is't what's What we show of us Laertes speak That , We nothing , native more not lose your hand voice is The The head leave To What more throne Your Yet whence and to thoughts them now My wouldst duty And and I Have From , return to my have , came coronation duty toward again your leave hard from says me to . slow and my consent go , time leave . will be thy my — and , than more little A . Aside that it is hour best thy do Upon hath , his Take my , lord clouds hang much on you and less , kin the I father a thy in the vailed on Denmark off lids too friend . lives die , mother know , good I with ; black grief , and persevere bound and and , and , and common heaven and , and , as is ; sense common still throw us of died that you think pray , and We ; for world of . son note the love , eye our Wittenberg . to : our Wittenberg For retrograde bend to you toward back with are most the in pray shall great jocund that drinks shall bruit heaven away again today , would flesh a dew not Come shall grace in and a ourself Be This as the to smiling No the King's resolve thunder too earthly to cannon fie That , things ; all nay me Oh seed — it should and an of so unweeded much Heaven to that ; come , of earth — two this ! this and poor those shoes had the beteem king excellent to grows to That Possess dead merely . not Why on ? he a satyr loving would a father's body the Had Ere father's Than My mourn'd She left my is But do to , Horatio am I lord myself well glad or , It The your , what you that And I'll Sir make am very what shall make yourself Against I , glad But to — your Elsinore you your . depart truant no funeral student . meats . tables ! dearest day , The forth my see my Horatio . in marriage foe the seen Where , lord that I father king all again . for like all . saw ? admiration for I a while may King King ? Who gentlemen you let me love marvel nights God's For This ear , your My the and Marcellus Goes Appears Armed Been an witness , he eyes , their of cap , by fear - march , time good was watch like your true father . made kept did him each I knew secrecy In I the as with And Stand But Indeed we We Arm'd , from to head to ? his his up . toe top . foot frowningly than or in A O , have It Very , moderate haste with , when one Longer beard His was It I Upon the your honour would : soul as mine to spirit still , you eleven 'twixt , loves Our : the deeds men's come eyes you ? from that , a primy in of toy nature ; of . No The the fashion violet , not permanent , so but no in a perfume and inward virtue wide now withal . soil Perhaps no Grows The And , of not he The ; the of his his will nor is as for this of ; greatness may himself , subject unvalu'd his , not persons choice circumscrib'd ; says yielding Then is place now you loves he The he As lose your loss main too with If is Or Unto Carve sanctity must therefore the your saying voice ; which may . enough your of rear , heart To keep Out Than his credent weigh Then it canker I shall th'effect . But my good good ungracious steep not to best morn before the and buttons their in oft Contagious this though , rebels Be then blastments itself me Do watchman long double blessing smiles upon A here Laertes too I Yet The you wind sits , are in the a is O , There There thought precepts , There Occasion for . thoughts my There means his no vulgar . There tongue memory , with There , There : gaudy buy There can judgement comrade ; quarrel dull hast thou them new entrance - thy with and their unfledg'd but palm but of being censure few thy , station ; both ; both both . both tend both well it of keep in yourself both you shall the your leave my lord . remember and to you servants Ophelia I , 'Tis my What is't please And What As If You Have Given 'Tis Marry me , He you Unsifted his ! in ! do That you Marry Of made , phrase dearly think ? fashion honourable , lord thus not Which , not , In hath all call the the to lord . vows my know the prodigal how these . his catch is . than light fire take not burns promise Even Giving the tongue a to entreatments scanter your Set at For he that . maiden , soul both - blazes , heaven , bawds investments , time moment with any . which may for In he rate forth brokers show Ophelia , few is , you , my leisure Lord it ; nipping charge for this Hamlet . very an and What lacks . eager cold The It wont walk his What this then draws near to ? of , No . tonight and the mean draughts trumpet the observance here native west custom , phrase swinish with of east and it at takes , guilty origin his , are not , height perform'd , and they in men , reason of complexion these of much too nature mole vicious their the say livery be From His Shall Doth in the that To all particular his The take general Look the fault man — As else infinite health or from , in such speak Be of of heaven . hearsed thy spirit intents com'st Thou with I That Bring from in a and Angels Be hell , sepulchre , jaws mean steel , To cast dead the hideous is beckons To Wherefore the ? alone what Look a go with did . do nature to to shake not do to with action desire . removed with means my do It then It then then I then for not then Why waves me a thing , my And then It Which it beetles That Go It , That And many madness The And draw waves puts the brain , desperation to body , follow me . not shall you the . Nemean me of desperate He waxes . imagination ; Let's after By heaven Still follow am , away ! 'tis what Heaven is Something Nay Have the issue fit thus To let's . me me Mark I'll , no . almost thy serious . thou unfold What ? lend shall am to revenge To me art , Speak thou So word night , spirit , bound hear I done to walk days the fast my that to freeze - I of forbid , part on stand must start particular of my But father's thy am a I ; Doom'd ; Would To ; ears thou ; Murder . dear ! most ; as , foul foul most to As me Murder find ease . out not That Haste But meditation May rots I know't shouldst itself in stir given ; me stung 'Tis A wicked With , Ay wit seduce my what a most O uncle The witchcraft uncle So to whose went From a her , Hamlet uncle Upon to of uncle , uncle That ! it uncle O I of wretch virtue But though it whose falling was hand as garbage in . morning air orchard , heaven of will poor celestial ; be decline , stole uncle of prey itself And be custom of juice With Brief soft lust , hour hour let ! always secure enmity of hour in And My me hour The hour Most - like a as and quicksilver . a of , hour in , made No Of life Thus The The Cut was off If Let hast all reckoning sleeping the even of queen dispatch'd account contrive act this her to soul in nor pursu'st ! on but O thee most my to my head ! lodge , once , at ! fire uneffectual matin Fare leave , mind thy to thou and damned thy heaven bosom her thee his the near be Remember that . her sting - 'gins adieu pale shows well me poor thou But That And thy baser matter volume , Yes all and book O saws All of Yea ? of couple I shall In , bear Ay , Within Unmix'd villain At I sure villain most Meet tables may least , is uncle am , observation pernicious commandment of by ! damned and is I may smiling be in , set it . a . word . to be smile woman one So Within are , sworn't My HORATIO there you Now me remember , I lord Lord Hamlet . Within Hillo How news , lord you'll Not How a by would , HORATIO you'll ghost us no tell And Why ; you my an But it , Ay you then villain lord . the ; you , poor point , part , grave all arrant knave come i' are right so your fit , as I , Such is You hold it These Look my heartily faith Patrick , may know to , Horatio , heartily . you There's offence ghost me , lord will , what And . that let there Touching Yes As Yes you scholars now Give , my not . MARCELLUS we swear't lord What not in faith I my my Nor Upon Nay lord , Indeed We have , my sworn under the my upon . sword lord , indeed Swear . so this to that you have . ground our my , you have . night day et ubique Come speak Swear this upon again hands hither , Swear ! more this pioner are There How That Here As And Than With arms encumber'd or ; 'There Or we , to know' 'Well list hereafter I shall seeing disposition or antic times some , me of thus such an this doubtful if — 'We or , ambiguous mercy at May , With And my , your me Beneath grace perturbed love your The And , not fingers shall lack his is out I ever t'express so what spirit rest . Swear . do Rest God do come , of Let poor a man . O your joint let's good my . to , this , very said well , lord I Of me at ; My Before you and in Look . inquiry him his means drift son my particular your they Than this That What , what expense come touch question and did behaviour wisely . make Reynaldo they sir , keep nearer . knowledge father do , mark you him' as 'twere part 'I — some distant well , demands , he you so Addicted What But 'And you thus And in As such please I may To gaming wanton ; ' , wild and liberty noted youth dishonour put none of , heed , and most and , You him , would dishonour ; on in the . so far scandal to another not , You must lord Ay or it , faults liberty , this . my . warrant it fetch my would I these believe And He Your The And or By , to my lord — did or . the or or ; addition or , or 'friend and man ; Where say or or ? you , leave I find takes forth wisdom falsehood tennis' or house a and ay , in's ; t'other day as , marry the 'I know , rouse , me lecture former have , fare you You my indirections windlasses a 'I And bait falling There , son My do brothel Shall you lord wi' Observe shall let now With what My down doublet all chamber . the matter ? my , purport hell foul'd , unbrac'd his gyved knees so his if of horrors love , said the goes took What by me Then he to his he Long of so , I ? brow hard and up head seem That his he bended on their his shoulder his done sigh would He And his As And And to No my I hath made better him with . him is as ourselves to my our opinions our jealousy trifle but and . heed mad . wreck quoted sorry it cast seems that to grief known , it Rosencrantz hide much have we nor Hamlet's much so you little him vouchsafe neighbour'd young to rest by on time to , Good gentlemen open'd lies us from , our there If . adheres men much and receive hope awhile us our of gentry time your so two To And here give lay , Thanks too My And Heavens make from news . amen him to Norway helpful Are Thou Th'ambassadors Have I Both , as O speak The as it as hold my , of of or — liege , as good : soul as I that policy — as do else hath as us'd the first of very The tells He Thyself I His Welcome Well , what my from greetings . Norway sift o'erhasty main found . impotence obeys , Majesty more overcome him his Gives levied So To commission thousand , of Norway before from ; Receives old arms his Norway borne his falsely rebuke th'assay Whereon are As such therein it entreaty an quiet , labour . read us to against employ this enterprise pass , at Most is ended well your night . time is This My liege majesty , day What day Why to night is and son and , time flourishes , wit of but . limbs Your to , with be brief the noble ; mad swear us find , have thus by of no 'tis all at foolish figure . will him for I . true use no matter 'tis now this . the the defective of cause Now soul's my phrase gather , is a . this you and a phrase Hath this but Hamlet awhile stay , vile the most — her 'beautified' be the But love . have , machine most best , show'd , is believe a fire are doth I doubt to numbers my hath more obedience hath And fell out above by love thee lady , daughter . ear his they All But As to of it perceiv'd dear daughter Majesty told I a think prove seen this . man But love on wing and I , should Admit That not look'd my love winking with or No desk your a this love love , upon is love ' messengers , sadness a into And This What love love Which love Thence Do wail . raves fast a into of his precepts . tokens to tale a for all the 'tis likely I'd that . ''Tis be . hid this , that me When if this , prov'd lead I That Hath have this If truth Within circumstances is How may You such And At Be know Here time I behind for and carters state further it walks the So Let not the you be no encounter . his a will farm try good God me - my ? mercy . picked is to one man be lord ? lord Friend , Aside said I again I . on fishmonger . words . suffered was ; that by this gone beards plum with potently you , For the their the mean hams yet sir Indeed , replies that ! contrive not are walk you madness of out be could suddenly , take I , life , well except me delivered of him lord that , my except honourable My cannot withal My Rosencrantz good On children live children children waist Neither children her ; children , children your But children have my lord . near What Fortune . is goodly one 'tis , could I God Why , then are ambition , is indeed it not a nutshell I have bad substance very a so of the a . shadow . and light airy of but beggars Shall our ambitious , dreams hold bodies th' monarchs For by ? servants ; and wait sort honest man , you ROSENCRANTZ We'll to we court GUILDENSTERN you . with I rest most , thanks Come own . me say , a my purpose the your to But confession you by the love teach , charge even To good , end . me and by I then you tell My of , and be have your prevent feather disposition forgone fire how , apprehension moving is work majestical earth canopy the this other , What goodly , late thing form in angel of dust though by Man of ? the a no faculties world quintessence an like . in , lord lord shall my sigh Even How it I hold they Do How comes they ? rusty they grow there is , fashion the that come are ? How 'em they themselves than Who exclaim against better . escoted not is it they as say money load too , lived King of his in if . the players come . ceremony players entertainment the But north hawk from with you , too out to and there time is see second the baby he's Happily , for : comes , to prophesy will I , Then the Jephthah O law writ What of liberty had , my a — no well my daughter old I love . loved you Am i' my . right th' Jephthah , Nay What then , will welcome , masters friends , good , thee Com'st . welcome mistress lady thou O row came As lot your be We'll have . see quality . to't of pious are you piece are and . last by welcome speech , play was it in lord never pleased not and with received , was , an — it others million if or acted mine as might the wholesome in of ? were lines remember but I the excellent as make , resemble night arms to complexion ominous the me see in that method . in matter than the it to see thereabout of it as , handsome more . where chiefly at he 'Twas of Aeneas' in , his this dread couched not It begin in , in With and of And eyes in . a murders the dismal gules smear'd in , fire Pyrrhus . seeks the hellish gore in , carbuncles too Striking , Repugnant But with with rage wind and whiff to Anon his at he Greeks antique sword , discretion falls , milky , Pyrrhus i' a , will , was Which Pyrrhus' neutral a as seem'd painted like , reverend Takes Th'unnerved And Of as silence As bold in vengeance never And rend hush we Did his th'air to , the anon , But The , Doth the , forg'd a after so region winds often , against the spokes falls , Mars's less Now strumpet Priam her sword , gods proof hammers him sets as , the orb work All you her . Cyclops' , Pyrrhus' , bawdry . he say , wheel the nave low , long fiends hill fellies . the synod general In Break bowl , to down and as This or the a jig barber's Say and rheum the diadem late With Who A if Fortune's had But When she saw treason in see make her with sword themselves mincing this That's Unless And has not his , made things instant have you . and , rest of you hear . this Do brief you ? the have . no ill . Good — of eyes gods no the burning passion , where no have see for death no you the he ; After , well no they report were thee no you . used will bad epitaph after honour bounty Dost less I , thou Follow old . Use your in , Come merit them the ? We'll my him my , my for would not . good , and need . of my . I'll mock . my down set my you Elsinore are You my lord look Good Now am conceit wan'd his in , so , Tears O my I , here player dream distraction cue would Hecuba nothing suiting he , passion aspect all , visage his all soul her voice his motive the ? or ? What drown with amaze . tears ; to he would And for with stage speech ear appal Yet , king a . property nothing Confound A And John The Make And he should and , of a Like the faculties dull - can A damn'd beard nose off Plucks Upon by should , this Oh treacherous Why To I ! lecherous , to am fatted all And like Foh and dear This ! be throat it gall ! lack for , brave most heart words ! a , heard the , of that play have unpack heaven a hell my ! murder'd with very the proclaim'd the The spirit If observe murder no soul scene . upon't ! Fie A have With have brain I sitting guilty so cunning at have . shape weakness have is very me and have pleasing be T'assume of a know to and , my , and melancholy have have spirits thing seen hath , have father his he perhaps ; looks grounds King the drift I'll Grating And to this . The harshly he he cause confess feels dangerous ? confusion on this lunacy , confession some aloof sounded well ? you disposition our of his ? we certain these joy , of court , question assay Most him fell him , they are They . I it seem in about Of . a play think true the these further much edge Majesties me content , closely and Sweet For , as ourselves that accident Hamlet behav'd or , do I . love frankly seeing unseen lawful as of him encounter he Ophelia sent for hither no judge is he thus I That Ophelia We Your 'Tis That your honours . my , conscience o'er devotion's blame to oft that do too doth the sugar action pious The are We prov'd devil , exercise . Gracious so on this true ! word art most painted ! much . himself with plastering . that , in slings and nobler 'tis Whether Or by The or arrows a die — to end we troubles fortune the to not him And The flesh perchance be end by and the 'tis there's may death — ay , a thousand to mortal , come the sleep the rub consummation heir , a To against of outrageous sea : wish'd ? sleep shocks . off , respect . off spurns life off weary a dread undiscover'd whose bourn off , these after off make quietus fardels , whips pause us give calamity wrong dispriz'd off of insolence When sweat Who ? from something , bear that to And Is Than that bare patient The But The rather returns himself of puzzles does thus this name of . currents of ? have , we those the lose their How their for remember'd Good , lord their My your thank receive their ? their well remembrances ; sins Nymph my . their a them . compos'd unkind their of rich noble the lost , perfume honest . ha these made more when , no ! should honesty . have the Could what it Ay into , truly is likeness if you That beauty , your , than honesty transform will paradox , a power force of believe . time gives ? things , time or than am shape between earth I them borne , should arrant are put thoughts ? We them , were it What to . them was I at beck I proud me very such believe thy ways Go believe to and . us father lord may . believe , your my that you plague believe sweet ? none he the as all believe in doors believe shut , thou make . too Or . well , nunnery wise powers make your paintings heard , face and know farewell . him God ! monsters as , ice of nunnery and you ; go O more Those keep they are . already mad your made married To me , is the what shall marriages noble a glass the no live have to Go , shall ; The Th'observ'd , of , of all rose observers jangled noble I Blasted unmatch'd see And Th'expectancy and , of most , eye honey out of , and and way that what me blown feature seen of . seen disclose on for which determination the brood something sits seen seen have ecstasy is I see seen not . I seen T'have seen do form a little soul his , melancholy his do O'er This fashion do settled brains neglected all you his I'll We show But if it queen , wisdom shall . be so mother hold Let his grief tell The not it to go him you best conference be Your , so not saw your Nor whirlwind in the torrent had passion offends you acquire , me O lines use periwig split a - all Herods capable whipped . avoid all , the but of do of , all gently all of nothing be this all o'erdoing inexplicable . but , all , fellow ears the it all as beget a to hear that may I too to the I let your of Herod fellow not tame Suit Be show , out body that , having Christian pagan others the scorn . laugh own unskilful censure of neither praise man journeymen they some heard theatre his own her the , others the whole and of hold playing of , as her pressure accent of and . us with and , that men clowns will no not sir to spectators quantity indifferently them some For those let set , That's a ambition be them to not , bellowed the Christians strutted so made , abominably made that question your them . villainous Queen my lord of piece haste and service ? Horatio . ho What , Here O Nay thou , my As e'er art e'en cop'd man a For clothe thee I but poor spirits , be pomp lick . the should tongue . distinguish was That feed To Whose That heart's In Since thrift crook the hinges co rewards those mingled finger of this near before much King , it of ay , not they That what stop are judgement that man A my is do I prithee There slave blood ta'en Hast and my Give pipe are sound Which Even I will the a thy of occulted act uncle told damned will imaginations ghost a As For And eyes . in his see'st tonight of . we to both stithy mine If that And In Well whilst this his of censure mine Vulcan's Danish flourish Rosencrantz . him his . our rivet face ; theft playing judgements . seeming play the capons , once Ophelia , Polonius words . did - faith , the cannot good play'd actor , lord ? say was you , th'university my , are you i' ? so me players stay ; Come , Ay hither No I enact a my Hamlet a your sit . me patience capital kill to him , by more mark that dear To my country lord my , nothing think think fair to , between lie matters your lap I my head upon ? meant maids' man do be died - maker my are mother two devil only long sables Nay Who my , your ? a . and seeing , declines with , hope by'r on whose , head it , her Lays ' whose he year not O But he takes whose and , but again whose in whose unwilling whose and his . away carried makes mischief , a King's Anon Poisoner mallecho . players show mallecho meant us tell show . show mallecho they'll of mallecho , tragedy mallecho for : you tell cannot mallecho keep counsel ; you . him a Is And thirty Neptune's our , Tellus' round lord 'Tis Phoebus' with moons world the of state , must , late holds or , aught fear my lord it your though love proof my in siz'd is fears must this , love leave haply live the , and , fear doubts is . extremity made nothing you and world , as behind to one — my me in thou do . there grows rest kill'd be shalt functions fair shortly love move none . of speak . bed first . marriage me what the birth what now Most unshaken necessary fall like fruit violent what to when unripe , poor we mellow propose or . you that ourselves doth in ourselves ourselves Which What But The passion To For 'tis great poor doth makes love hollow a shall his where I begun run doth , enemies ; flies , none ends their thoughts thou Our But Our And And who who That wills Sport To Each from sworn from dull from grow tedious day from Meet what from An anchor's that from Both have pursue hence widow well , a here , once Ophelia . To . And come how like but protests , lady you mischance rock too she'll Madam keep play ? world in't . methinks ? i' image o' the what . Baptista of th' a : withers Duke's . the you the piece souls free is unwrung lord between are knavish is are it , touches us not Let the see . take you . could off to lord , thy revenge . damnable lord agreeing ; for , lord time bellow lord Pox leave lord doth lord my worse lord and , seeing property dire , midnight blasted Italian infected collected immediately His choice love the very for's King frighted fares Give Give , Lights , turn this , get fortunes me Would So runs fellowship A dost This Jove For one , now A You have word . a Didst pound I Very the music . likes it like not the the . word , you some he comedy — King The in distempered . with a , No , to with rather richer choler into far him more sir ; lord his purgation . some frame sent spirit . of welcome , I will do breed your the it of such , and sequel . go you . love did ? Have stealers me pickers distemper of cause if I you friend . deny is I so lord Good Sir but . the my do I wind Let the succession recorders sir , not me Believe do touch : with breath as know of you will your most and the the ! of . utterance me note I have , voice do instrument . though , and camel . speak speak a . speak in like a speak like Or speak the — by speak and a I a By the said . mother a now by to a world bitter Soft . such , on lose look heart a , a this ; let bosom her cruel of do this The speak Nero soul and in to not be but be not not mother and night drink : and blood and hot , ever hypocrites shent soul my and them in tongue daggers nature as I could thy and to now , enter this give To I I like his your he And so lunacies as our terms let keep The With the upon That of not all strength and upon many of holy We live single from many it Fix'd What's near Dies with itself That and and many feed armour depend much but cease gulf highest thousand which petty when the like but spirit The spokes ; It is . groan . fear with GUILDENSTERN haste will We the the I'll arras . process said Since more , nature meet some , and audience it said footed free us to I'll warrant mother liege , o'erhear bed home . to not upon't . smells well than that them you I my business , blood enough itself than not neglect a guilt stronger hath O brother's . Is Were white to But And is in man defeats inclination like stand And forestalled what's To That ? being wash as it cannot , be one crown those effects my murder still murder of up form force offence , of come Then the visage pardon'd serve be ; hand and I O which , am foul look I'll In But the retain and queen . assay : of , Make to angels with strings be as free when that and the - new well heart of may , now he is heaven to , That he steel babe praying : bosom O ! engag'd soul , knees soft Be , And father his with To When he take him circumstance grossly is sole , He heaven I A so father his To father father 'Tis father , When has is Then father that , that Or no may his heels goes trip hell This That At in , relish as mother advances . sickly thy rises but whereto his gaming , and fit he words My And him it prolongs be and damn'd . physic The days and me . him with too been have . Mother Within , him with . screen'd between stood straight come his that Grace hath , much thy mother hast warrant father . tongue . matter . much father answer with wicked idle . speak budge ? A ducat . Behind me , know as marry with , good brother . done King this mother is and Almost rash what O bloody , Thou be hands too thy your and , In I that the Such rude act takes blush of , forehead grace hypocrite dicers' As The rhapsody And A and With roars in and act the thunders , and what and , glow makes face compound Heaven's contraction mass and , doom doth the sick , this and , grace like eye curls Mars the on brow and ? against at - That thought Is so presentment and act the - man . himself command hill , sure and : motion is madness sense And upon the this ? tame at you you assurance . wholesome his on a of Look a eyes age of sans , blind sense it's , have , such thus Ears youth let be blush , hell shame O own When That serve it reserv'd ecstacy so hoodman one true without quantity thrall'd choice was some a to But without without Could . a If but flaming To not Or mope thou so And I there melt the itself ardour in And Thou As O compulsive in O in but words speak , me Over but more to the In but No These A slave like but your precedent A but Of that And but from That A your passion dread in This son to lets visitation ! your mad . figure , almost amazement to . mother soul sits say forget bedded as the , vacancy on with you you hold in life do and pale , soldiers like . to glares discourse alarm excrements gentle convert for . distemper you I perchance speak ? look to you Look heat flame look ? is did yet all nothing what action you have this ! portal hear nothing ; do Do all ! nothing there his even habit now out creation cunning in ! temperately . It . is as re ; of speaks , Confess , the yourself and film mining what avoid , compost , rank Whilst do not past corruption spread ranker what's unseen trespass your will It but skin to heaven , madness not is me word love the - flattering make for vice of the . fatness the weeds , pursy these must throw with worser do times good to in , good . not you if is of gives He That the fair sense heart my away . a repent almost when blessing this hath their you desirous devil , The of Refrain actions kind more this good to For you ; must me heaven of but with , him So again to worse remains . good will good scourge answer and , are Once gave means King a you you I ? do be lady . bid to reechy fingers kisses , his , know , a do would , sober gib wise him . me to I thou have no made . that of be , breath breathe — know concluded my and I they will so , to must There's But blow lug I'll now Who sir Good an prating most . this mines . shall go , heaves profound is . them These . these we son ? your What Ah Mad your , Behind out your , cries something seen on sighs your ; Where your You place this your . wind . mightier the And your Whips liberty had , to of deed had to ; there threats whose ? all , deed restrain'd man the from Even To Should It , But would mad been not short how It But keep pith the he like base is done . But feed is hath what But laid be kept have itself But , metals O'er But Both But for of But pure Among whom apart very madness Gertrude must and , Hamlet from And him his mother's go Into Come Transports Go seek what's untimely let whisper done , woundless hit As level his the as o'er both world's so what poison'd And And GUILDENSTERN . Hamlet here ! O . stowed Lord , with 'tis ? the we they ! ROSENCRANTZ . Within lord lord lord should lord my lord king a son Besides may whereto lord ? lord . sponge mine what 'tis where replication not Do it . for up soaks swallowed , them like an last you you not , shall ; the again jaw service King you my sleeps in be you . have countenance , gleaned dry , in lord is rewards foolish go not with it first a ear ! Hide but where A glad I understand the The all the goes . after , multitude but scourge away To . sudden desperate pause By And Who where sending . hath . befall'n your know to . my get cannot We the How now But before where's , Hamlet Bring in ? Polonius lord At Now , else but lean fat . but variable the alas we only fat . eats e'en your with that hath mean worm , A certain ourselves your service dishes convocation is and . and diet for That's ! of eat two . this ? end through progress a there not you if your is beggar king a how you of thither to Where , For fiery we some To With shall place i' him within will nose him as lobby . there him seek till come Hamlet help . wind done . ready Ay Therefore tend send dearly we as , hast . prepare and , cherub if , a . loving them thou purposes ! for England man . is one Farewell ; wife England , father him , Delay That mother My that sees But , at foot Follow . and As my Since After Pays thou , death letters Hamlet . that imports and thy sword conjuring in haps were . his I blood me must Captain that him Majesty express shall his kingdom . joys . Go We his , greet a the with his . king Danish , of conveyance Good They , I purpos'd How of sir Against go The Goes nephew to To against Or some patch addition not no I Norway be , yield , Why hath Nor A then Yes the Polack to , will rate never ; the or in defend will sold is much wealth this and twenty already , souls of and shows thousand man without you no my ? with capability in Sure but which I , us beast market all to he and thinking I cause Examples will this some . craven , and means and and , not it scruple and but Now godlike , gave reason and and , dare straw great to Rightly without find in unsure is at with army , gross of tender exhort to do not thing's me , puff'd and argument I shame I mother How . kill'd my , a , reason Excitements let Whereon imminent death of blood my sleep greatly while of for , a stand and , numbers thoughts My be not cannot twenty to men fame cause fight trick What hide To She will be or bloody She , Her hears , things move , at aim they fit their up collection sense of it and words the one half unshaped to straws nods , and might yet , were nothing would as And There's tricks i' Spurns enviously with for 'Twere Dangerous sick to jealousy true in sin's to be . is great is artless in itself Where spills full prologue of How of toy , It Each should Majesty ? staff . shoon hat Ophelia sandal the How Say his , what He At as my lord here look , the sweet did flowers showers not love . all with , you With bewept to true what let's , Which How do her this Saint clothes , window end . door chamber , by do't , Cock By Alack if are before , an Never rose he up Let dupp'd Indeed Young hadst ha' You to they Quoth for him . I good well How I long hath be be will Follow O her ; think it night , hope weep of is , All Thick his father's of . he thoughts author slain the have violent , you pray . it Gertrude , whispers , of ? death of , of guard is noise what of , of Save of ? many the , haste shall of The world , were offices the as , cry hands king king custom we ! Than Caps How be , to king clouds , the begin be . cry word lord to known they Danish . tongues and cheerfully 'Laertes , false trail Laertes , you . false are , Danes , Give Even . you I blood drop thy go , rebellion is Of can but peep — a fear Gertrude : Laertes go , world . so Laertes death , know , the go , My They shall will my Good with husband little writ and foe arms gentleman pelican rendering I'll them wide - blood . for eye . my life kind the a That And Why good now , It How dry the now heat Nature It nonny , hey . itself , wits 'tis man's old and precious love loves the tear a bier ! dove a love remember thoughts . for and you some must made . They say you give . itself prettiness hell , will flaxen is we on moan is come , he no thy death again . as white he his his mercy God , souls Do you , call give . grief but O with deny me of Our They Or we we choice shall we whom your or you and me we , us we . we me ? for you . axe . shall you And Sailors I should do be Let him . for know England letter Lord from part if from know greeted God There's to shalt pirate boarded became knew the put warlike we their have thou good yet wouldst ; will are thou to hold dumb thee . tell these that speedier give To I , Come must you for way in , my appears proceeded So you Why not capital so all things feats tell in nature , me But special stirr'd , against , Queen The seem , and it life her moves to my but looks are O may Which Lives My But That virtue She's as a great dipping Would Who , not have to so aim'd lost terms , stone wind again had for loud a father desperate into have timber'd my spring that all love like Too so reverted ; so graces I perfections your That And that I think we can your This ? Letters your Majesty hope father . will shortly we ? Hamlet the will I say Who ; saw from will this ? them them will Queen Hamlet will will Reads , shall kingdom . first should it Or Laertes , us . leave the such thing back of ? 'Naked says ? 'alone rest come ' hand That I am how As To you will own it voyage . No But me How ? lord rul'd be not my , Ay To the which his his exploit , I in not to checking talk'd you will be practice , regard my youth youth in a much of . unworthiest that and Two French , months , the , but seat lord , is part Than The Yet And they Importing his careless it that livery age health was , well witchcraft had brave I With As in And Upon A life Norman made such . cried match gave you is nation , indeed their of report of eye nation sight scrimers , envenom Your could Did That them with especially your all well him gem of you . the defence and your out you . this , What was like father dear sorrow , nor envy wish guard so had swore you If oppos'd lord ? him . with out of of my to ? face your this the did ; it 'would' , do changes , did it did did : did are a for did as , many would , still ; Laertes ? father's in deed in son words th' i' throat should , this , keep you are within sanctuarize chamber home your on varnish those shall place No wager shall heads . bring double you free He , you excellence you contriving in come But know Frenchman Most not generous put good fine together , choose pass of , bounds : shuffling praise from peruse , your gave set a shuffling being all so shuffling on shuffling ; foils and father for him little unbated Requite shuffling I And for that this shuffling May And If Weigh our better have did make When not look . second you cunnings might project performance , Therefore through convenience further think me , dry , and this fail bad hold . heel now upon another's ? sipping , A That There the brook did a willow a fantastic shepherds dead , an envious on cold - crow - to maids do give she , where aslant in make purples , up broke coronet them her Her old trophies her fingers call herself spread , long name and weeds , boughs men's , chaunted a garments then drown'd ? she is Alas . incapable her that Till of water Drown'd , poor , thou , Pull'd creature To drown'd . tears this of be it nature When douts it his that to it Gertrude Therefore this had will , blaze would custom my forbid what will speech I much rage , The . straight grave own her on be that Is I How can three point , For : else an hear you . herself in her . the . and drown if water , delver to not it water he own is Here it , se must if man — mark you water . the , himself life will man ; he nill , and drown him , gentlewoman she quest crowner's is't shortens If this had guilty his should their gentlemen ? no There : arms hold is they ever none . the ? he he Could dost Why . answerest , If thyself dig me — Go to than stronger thou . a art says to was that to heathen digg'd How question he ? well like The arms ? I'll put another But . gallows or , again thee that , either . the church that than well to good ; that . shipwright , do does built I I , Mass dull . carpenter , a , and . love did , asked , you To't ass question it fetch , the was I it time very In Methought feeling of - him in property a making meet . sense easiness the of he behove , employment grave it hath steps , clutch in . daintier stealing his me I it be might my , sweet - it a , jawbone which , politician of circumvent , to he my say lord Lady might horse one's a - Mine : sexton's a with Mine trick Mine e'en to loggets Mine . Mine Mine There's now dirty a Why quiddits does another he his statutes Hum . recoveries , Is to will Not not Ay , my Is parchment lord , which . seek and calves out grave's to meet in't yours thine . the . for , lie , indeed is in't 't say quick , lie woman lie from to you not is lie lie me . lie she's dead ? her the in't by three toe the speak that - I . day England came that can fool — he was tell It and the sent very or ? that , mad not , his have lie years man he i' th'earth , die laying in will tanner you that he twenty this Whose ? years , rogue mad a . on skull same for mad , was it pour'd . not a , that E'en This , skull infinite ! is ? my this ? fashion i' ! Pah , To think Alexander ; and it jot and faith , what dust noble the buried likelihood , to returneth of that , a that patch ; And The Queen The it own with Fordo , follow they corse , but that in ground the She And Till should , last Her flints maiden strewments is trumpet she , For we Of there . Must and burial and bell more no be done . service done such of . more the her . dead No And I shouldst thou flowers What minist'ring May A When Fall Whose And ten I to thy to Scattering of . I to pile have caught Hold the once upon thy on that grave to have to thy woe most her quick Olympus to grief of sorrow makes whose he emphasis What to ? is and , Bears Like such pray'st thy though not splenative well . Dane him devil stars hearers the is I soul ! this ? tear do : him ? a woul't in and quick And of with , mountains , the , zone , him , thou'lt our mouth as well madness fit the golden as as silence cat I What is the you your , thee matter set , have our shall let me patience Now all the my Till do , And Worse our deep a - Up sea Grop'd their packet own Finger'd fears Their royal many several where an ! forgetting , gown scarf'd from is most my ; them room commission health exact goblins and , leisure in England's reasons , too bated , my , life of no the of off ? possible , commission thou I benetted me how it at read you . to sat do , villanies my me down proceed , it statists now thou labour'd ? sir lord the King , wear contents , of know still his conjuration Ay , like and , of wheaten 'tween sudden ? heaven ordinant purse seal of ; Now what , fight up gave't never - and . th'impression the that Danish the next this . to ; sequent was to to't love grow — say myself ; good . I his court ? canker to see , The short the known further In must And a It It no I than shortly will the I am be Laertes of forgot life's his . more portraiture But Into my lord vice be beasts know this know . chough but welcome Dost to as thing . from of of at the 'tis for . I leisure . should spirit . your Majesty very Put 'tis the 'tis a for 'tis ; the let in at lord stand receive your thank with if lordship were his head his . cannot he — has Sir in absolute good mine soft me , you very he is society believe me me I your . this signify sultry very to 'twere that me card part continent an or definement faith me him dizzy what suffers would no me of sail of But the me , article perdition his . and , beseech ; him gentleman would yet semblable . his verity to see know in infusion , and . though his , I him memory more trace trace th'arithmetic and quick trace , in gentleman the him true make most trace ? wrap breath him trace ? tongue are ? trace . not would sir spent — is in , him excellence . know to the for he's but ; his his in a , his compare should on and two hangers take with . French responsive very and , it fancy of , well ? I as hath wager'd dear carriages delicate , their The he him weapons . But Three to conceit to imponed The sir most carriages poniards the , the the and you margin are hangers , it conceited liberal you French six carriages exceed it three . in against , answer that this the more carriages : that's swords till if , bet the you against , And nine you lordship the passes their French , it and the , assigns call the trial Majesty him for be the for . please win odd I Let I it you my - gain hold the hall . the shame foils lord , day with his but , here in purpose my deliver and . will nature e'en nothing I commend , lordship . are ; carries them outward I before runs Yours turn yours there it commend his tune did does comply the of This collection same of that he suck'd drossy through them out and which , winnowed opinions the time to blow but do attend commended hall . his Majesty to you to I The to fall gentle play . entertainment coming , the longer King's purposes or they am King before some . to are time well instructs . how ill I no would have not . been matter of providence come as is fall repair - kind a such trouble . obey woman will fit forestall be The to betimes readiness to it a ; special There's not now of Come no now . Since But , he , leaves , take and , I pardon't , a done have punish'd nature I sir honour Laertes be Laertes . it wrong'd , purpos'd house , so Never does Hamlet . evil thoughts the a most arrow my terms , nature me case But and will But known that , like love . peace no stir honour honour will us Come brother's Give be the Your But This the likes do the is it the the has the the cup battlements the shall in the crown all Let And Denmark's than King The worn an that Give the shall throw . cups speak to . bear wary Come trumpet four which to kettle heavens to drinks In The cannons 'Now , my lord ; to . pearl him me give ; Come this bout the thy ; I hit . touch touch Our first A son confess you it , and Another of . health Here's I'll , Here , fat shall , take my scant win a He's . carouses to . rub , breath fortune it is By . Hamlet I madam and too . cup ; face . now . think't yet 'tis Laertes almost not And hit him best wanton a make you your ? You . conscience do of I , the pray you third am I I to on come , Nay them , incens'd ! sides both the Queen . How woodcock justly I the swoons the the the The no drink the No the villany the ! Hamlet . O the is thee medicine here No can Never I no more defend OSRIC , The . rise to ! treason to , friends and venom , this incestuous . me hurt , thee himself here Hamlet thine is look , dead make . pale thee and Horatio are That that on me Nor my tremble audience or it Wretched this , could to follow I , a . left some th'art go ; a , ever didst thus Horatio As Let hold what live thy me felicity awhile pain heart wounded man liquor by in , shall in , breath , name Heaven a thee world from warlike noise story the England come this . draw unknown . gives of this harsh standing Things To . crows - poison . with solicited less lights news dying o'er to He voice . from occurrents The the Good sing . heart Why flights noble thee hither thy sweet spirit my , more has do I If aught is the cracks And of woe princes havoc cries is so many thine . on toward it or is quarry What hast struck in at sight England dismal That To are The and that our too is fulfill'd us come is give are thanks , thank . should ; you acts by carnal things came order and this for wars . unnatural and All mistook can this , purposes slaughters cause cunning speak me , placed yet Polack from Are a let on accidental , inventors' upshot , shall , me , invite this embrace to haste doth . speak fortune in memory the with rights of my , perform'd kingdom my . mischance , put stage , war his lest presently will be wild on . captains happen . four Let and was Bear The and and the field , editions shot bodies the off and Foundation that works Updated and and replace copy forth apply to to and ! owns the editions old — the may the terms of copies Project of and not used the . of practically derivative copyright the and printed nearly for . If the redistribution is States Redistribution commercial and , works of eBooks S license ANYTHING be law do modified . free the . promoting to trademark this to Gutenberg property by agree , this Project or with using in of . copies you , Project for not any or Section you License comply with available to associated . Use Terms www . and destroy Project by terms you Project terms even that by paid agreement electronic paid Gutenberg work , fee any with full things do are . Gutenberg this you agreement There work the of can Project terms free if you of Gutenberg Literary a terms Gutenberg whom . to on be or the bound in is a an Project electronic . trademark with agreement this . access E below Project do performing not individual with Gutenberg this paragraph compilation the is works Project by . agreement for we long , the Of the will claim you its of prevent , United all the law as , the United the easily work mission freely the the Gutenberg compliance name terms laws . If addition where Project work keeping in by Copyright change your Gutenberg work any no makes in Gutenberg or with all Project States based displaying The of any . links to work Foundation on . immediate distributing agreement before derivative other removed references or anywhere , associated is in the distributed appears to , appear : a creating . the performed the the This a on which whenever a , the full displayed : a , Gutenberg work with , and a or United which a accessed copied of phrase not country located Project it world use of in individual it is copied fees appearing . on paragraphs work work access or the for with providing of forth . trademark with If the permission as . E must with the E this unlink by of permission be Do with terms to imposed both an additional . posted . terms Do the forth of perform full . to set work License electronic in access sentence or , or immediate , binary . Gutenberg at Gutenberg work . Project any provide website a official or distribute you work cost format with this fee of , a must a official on Vanilla Plain version provide you of , a copy or Project . any compressed , marked , displaying the full performing unless E Do you . not charge with . for . and to convert distribute , other org . fee of may License means work format in access any E distributing provided Gutenberg Gutenberg or viewing must paragraph alternate distributing , or . or Gutenberg , to Project fee form request of other ASCII . Gutenberg comply or a copying reasonable paragraph a applicable taxes . The but the must prepare returns sent the has Project he owed method and periodic clearly of - mail any Foundation . are Project to such on address paid money of Project receipt that Gutenberg or return a user of within Foundation date Foundation under Royalty payments which the specified Royalty to by to such all F days within agreement . Gutenberg in writing in a if . you this work reported charge you the . below Contact Section must obtain Archive Foundation works a fee Foundation , on Literary volunteers identify . Project Gutenberg . trademark Project F If . the set E You Gutenberg are the forth works from effort contain , works protected to Project , such data a . or , WARRANTY under and paragraph OF equipment that the Project including all disclaim for STRICT legal Project , it REFUND of receiving you - you can by If sending for must from it If the to on provide return you work any REPLACEMENT OR you or work work paid medium you a a give a you fix replacement or refund IS' set in WITH forth refund of demand problem The you to work defective to , opportunities the this not or of certain of 'AS writing second . replacement copy in the the not the . types or works agreement law state state or limitation this in certain shall any liability , costs expenses Foundation , The hold or directly b about . a electronic provisions to remaining INDEMNITY fees you . Defect any or do , cause distribution Foundation with of in volunteers Project and , work widest and of of of this any or , c Gutenberg donations middle with In a middle middle help . Project new volunteers life of middle computers volunteers Project . middle is www at Gutenberg . org middle Internal the secure about identification Foundation about permitted Literary a laws extent laws about Plaza Gutenberg tax by of non Archive - about up , about and org gutenberg at . about the Gutenberg Archive Foundation to widespread Project contact at state's Literary the Foundation's carry cannot without its widest donations can by tax be your business The date contact , NJ Montclair . Information at information page about website works accessible . small out licensed mission that machine particularly requirements received We and to requirements . the confirmation to of a states uniform compliance for solicit gutenberg not and we While not met against not visit cannot International have statements unsolicited tax accepted alone swamp we who where particular . many not fees compliance of written donations contributions we such states prohibition . staff cannot make small in . our that received donations electronic Gutenberg card a for . of current laws . addresses donate Section Michael a of S Information payments Gutenberg . number credit gutenberg Project the online are accepted with Professor . ways visit About . originator from network produced the of works years only . Project eBooks of all , our hear eBooks . PG do in we the Gutenberg , Literary Project new to includes : eBooks keep people subscribe This to our main Gutenberg , and . to