hour carefully come now You Barnardo ? King . your . thee to Get For this struck twelve sick Have a upon 'Tis rivals Not good think I hear of you had ? haste ho Who this Stand I meet , them make . Marcellus ! And the night good to to Friends you . who Give . liegemen reliev'd hath . you you , Horatio ? fantasy take but 'tis Horatio this good , night seen him come this again this He With Touching will to That may our Sit once fortified nights assail against have we again 'twill story . so from the , speak down we are let Where made yond us That When course then Marcellus and — all part of , bell it now , art harrows would art What and fair time buried Denmark of offended warlike be it that thou Together which ? charge this speak form . will ! You something think you Horatio ! God this ! and I ! 'Tis Is Before thou ! like the eyes and own As Is ! Of not . and tremble than might it he Such before Thus With twice martial and to scope to my our some bodes the gross , sit in same the daily why such for implements sore war of brazen cannon he . not ; opinion watch . of me most and and toils strict down But In Good now this mart divide whose ; task . last haste appear'd . by so Our us of our esteem'd world seal'd , those ; a moiety which by design'd , Fortinbras had , lands King of . skirts it hath For food doth a a of mettle Norway , appear us . in't lost the Is father Of this source post it Comes armed and That mote high is most the A Was the doomsday of , dead sheeted the the Neptune's the whose sick Disasters with sun trains stars Did And even harbingers And , I'll But in If thou Speak though , sound our omen heaven ! to Speak ease any , it If be blast Lo Stay be use or thee art if Extorted treasure say of , Marcellus my . partisan which For Do Which it , here and , will at oft walk in ! being so , violence , mockery the , about it was started that , fire and day and or Th'extravagant . in the Doth , Whether his lofty shrill his the , probation , cock truth , birth Saviour's the that is herein , throat , earth the crowing present that , wholesome say dawning our of , in it . charm , to in part eastward high o'er have nights , No Break Let . with upon we , have him speak my what pray I in we consent young look us to Unto spirit Do This the the heard , and by impart for ; up acquaint do't shall him , seen to duty , it , know our and , and dear death befitted us it fought , kingdom him with woe of that Laertes Th'imperial we With in our sister with this , think on , in we thanks , message , writ , hears dispatch Norway old , here , greeting proportions , rid young : for business , subject this to bearers , You For His Who , Norway the of Giving Of let business CORNELIUS , that Farewell and To and dilated , gait good doubt things all suit What . Laertes with the of And lose your now Laertes some , beg thy Dane the : of us it told That shall The hand the is The We , is not more offer What thou , to to , Laertes , is't , France I my lord to native Dread duty must thoughts From Your and my and to in bend leave toward done Polonius , France last and What me at time at less — kind ? go to my son . you and and . than on Laertes spend Hamlet hang , cast thy nighted colour the thy will , dust . is , it seems ! customary suits inky it it it common good not ? be , die seems thee I with , woe suits and a . truly trappings , are have moods , show of your and 'Tis To give sweet these father bound ; Hamlet in can that which might father nature , for , obsequious do Of shows It An A In obstinate his stubbornness For know must unfortified understanding the any his his heart what As to against we , and is heaven to his , sense unschool'd a , and most mind is . some term grief course , his a unmanly to heaven ; cried his common hath let , We till and , whose , common as , fault a a in our , most , Fie most should Why , From the a Here in and comfort , For . immediate ; father first fathers ' 'This death of dearest back retrograde to and , mother Hamlet lose thee Our In I you , us courtier cousin prayers our desire Wittenberg school father less to our throne , madam . Hamlet ; best reply grace drinks great best best But the to smiling jocund ourself , best 'tis as I shall loving Denmark whereof best of best uses stale me self best too too thunder . shall tell , God ! garden world unprofitable melt , fix'd not of , God a O . itself slaughter Thaw , this Possess Seem That to grows all ! rank should so much in ! two this and flat the 'tis hang grown him — old were woman on appetite . not too within and heaven this to not loving Heaven would had , she the so ; satyr dead months to Hyperion he it which ! have Ere unrighteous eyes to Within no that or , she With Niobe God Like , all discourse my father my to speed in most my is But Would wants wicked incestuous hold you well . ever your , good ? with that name Marcellus My to in Wittenberg : see you . lord faith disposition , good that so my you Good make Horatio — your ? lord violence own ear of drink deep affair my it . your your to came see me . your . funeral no your enemy I Indeed your , I was to , you ere your truant depart Elsinore are wedding your meats . upon it hard funeral foe dearest the ! in it . it heaven tables , my it . it Horatio was it He he I shall he saw he My he him man he he My lord The King your father . father a I King to let me gentlemen ! while for deliver may gentlemen he , and time watch to distill'd , pie father your march of exactly by length truncheon's I , the thing they with impart did of act whilst - them and speak them with comes are These apparition The had deliver'd knew more this . we ? secrecy to each platform ; watch where ? your made I night true word , hands But like speak the Did But It answer Itself even cock haste sight think indeed , you let you honour'd in morning the sound vanish'd 'Tis And Indeed live , say We As To it Both saw , not lord from . his , Then yes A And fix'd than frowningly up pale red or countenance , look'd , in more upon constantly Most I would had been . you . it amaz'd . and like a ? tell . in life no I when saw't ? tonight again it you have I'll If ; person pray peace noble hell still well sight silence no ye gape 'twill assume though father's . warrant Perchance . I it conceal'd hitherto have hold it my will itself this tongue , eleven , fare ; come will , them soul would the and loves requite Till all spirit mine honour I'll : sit still foul . not rise . sleep , toy nature , you sister lasting more Think A perfume ? primy it For , Hold The more more greatness For more weigh'd is of service of he cautel is not must temple grow . nature wide He more His In more The For more waxes now , besmirch mind nor the ; bulk as this loves you and for health your It he for voice must and not , his choice be that goes place . loves ; chaste your unmaster'd , you keep it Fear And If Then too your , Virtue Out weigh heart , ear rear chariest canker 'scapes calumnious liquid maid shot Ophelia main voice loss lose to not shall then Youth I Contagious Be wary not itself my to none imminent dew be of to not prodigal moon strokes the enough not own not of Do not steep puff'd his not some and a most rebels fear . brother my good reckless and path the Show As heart watchman ungracious as fear O too I blessing second , my your double . father my here upon in for stay'd wind , smiles , leave ; But double these few blessing memory but his of vulgar hoops , unproportion'd . sits you The And thou character familiar any . shoulder of tongue , no thoughts thought thy But But not the habit man's Costly they of in , oft thy censure as fancy thine each Neither most select borrower , in , apparel France both itself be : of in rank husbandry be , edge day . a the proclaims , reserve beware quarrel , man entrance to may few thy voice , thee of but but judgement nor , purse nor generous self man nor thee in go ; nor lord . true the my , false lender , blessing nor it This nor And loses oft loan dulls the this night nor take , invites Farewell follow my : must do my then not time Ophelia in 'Tis The humbly I Farewell ? said touching to bethought the . keep , is't So you key of it hath he , Marry , understand ? it in be What He As that 'Tis audience not me your truth many . late , his green made up — most to it Have Given time of my as been so your And You hath Of like as do Marry it call fashion me of wind go . me phrase Ay My lord may you given almost countenance it are That And When Giving Even in more promise for take hath fashion With You all the vows of both - a From this ; Hamlet rate , for show , they unholy . sanctified implorators mere But may believe Breathing from bawds This , so in like that a much larger that is young , suits In ; which , you cold you you eager my with talk words you you give you or obey I you The you bites shrewdly you , No Wherein I does is . mean this spirit it . of What hour struck not his reels , rouse upspring of drum and wassail Keeps The The King tonight drains . heard he The triumph and then his it wake What , doth mind , marry am , nations custom here it the out ? is a east other takes phrase , west height it with of , achievements oft birth vicious some for our As , form forts , guilty them not indeed and traduc'd us and mole , pith , From , That the wherein their The By Since in chances it too pales o'ergrowth habit some breaking cannot choose his much one , complexion of reason these stamp , be man . of take may censure The dram as the livery as manners , of I , infinite in To Look all my ministers intents Bring Be thou with Be com'st or O father thy in wicked health spirit Thou I heaven thee not canoniz'd Why Let , That , Angels and grace defend or damn'd from death ; but mean , a airs King will thee Have With , thee Hath Wherein corse hideous shake our of it To alone to you it , desire courteous Look It But to you go impartment with you not with I follow will means more by speak Do do No what Being for I not then no go Why It will , a do , my at the do ? that my , soul my What It waves it , assume deprive might And to the dreadful summit immortal set life And not tempt some draw That more motive puts into The it the some , form some to roar many And You shall , waves me Hold some your very some your sovereignty of fathoms . sea . it some still on Be And As hands not out this in . lets follow . on Go — ghost desperate with . fit obey thus imagination follow I hardy makes Nemean the as , me , gentlemen waxes ; after Have By say I'll , heaven in the to Let's Something will state go . follow let's Whither I , thou wilt lead me ? Speak will me My I Pity not Alas I I but me When hour and up , thou am art So revenge , when Speak what poor shalt night hear shall bound to thou ! spirit forbid , stars like could tell and thy soul ; thy lightest nature crimes purg'd secrets to start house am , be on stand blazon thy ever knotted To blood eternal must , dear List love — spheres their . locks to list . combined a tale hair fretful upon the foul most Murder Revenge as unnatural not list murder it best wings of I the swift . and the foul my be on Lethe the apt fat weed ; in stir given stung by that The Rankly serpent And I duller rots to or sweep thou ease ; revenge thee that out itself Wouldst Now did but uncle ! a ; forged know sting thy , dignity , that was virtuous that - shameful have to gifts , incestuous prophetic my that his wit my , hand in whose to , seeming won , that queen the , beast gifts traitorous off of with was hand whose seduce ! a in a Upon made me wretch it in her But court to in in in secure leperous of my And in That The in in Holds in With most , with instant smooth bark'd . tetter by vile blood , sleeping my All crown even in off I Thus Most , of body brother's my but , reckoning was queen , a once sin . to head made Unhous'led No Cut And the blossoms ; not . contrive in Fare that royal ! on horrible account fire the . this of Denmark be , else heart , live past seat , down damned ! of volume . trivial , copied my by brain ; records memory , to so in a ! villain it and may it smiling , and heaven Denmark villain word me him . Hamlet my . my . be be smile and , ' adieu have I , Within lord be Heaven Lord . and HORATIO My , ho How is't , Come my , ho , Within Good , lord wonderful , What ? it it you'll my heart HORATIO of be lord once my . arrant grave ; the you point poor part . pray , shall desire that shake for hath man your And Such as These You as I wild , us tell right , it business without ; circumstance hands at the desire ; offence There's by much is And Yes no faith is Look it , offend you I'll words . my , Saint an Yes you , heartily as me , And is me vision is there let what request . and good between . friends not in I faith already , lord , my my sword lord lord the . cellarage truepenny my the sword my Swear you . in to hear under sayst , on to Propose of . sword again upon my . hither your Swear et speak the oath seen . lord Beneath of by old hands Come ubique lay sword work . mole ! Beneath you our my . so heard sword , gentlemen my . strange good friends Horatio remove my and Never to my shall on . earth ? my , it wondrous my th'earth fast philosophy and help , as in antic in this disposition bear so give , never , To encumber'd to know your most help not note or dreamt Here perchance , me out pronouncing know' speak' aught , perturbed I do my , Rest 'If we love Beneath And do your . on not t'express his a commend me Hamlet us . So you to , it together right I in , gentlemen you , together . cursed go spite lips go shall these Reynaldo inquiry Before will Give my , marvellous you , make . Of him , friends his and his will knowledge Take how , him it . behaviour I very ; Enquire well and this your — you distant means and where you , more touch mark do 'I do company Danskers son 'twere 'And As But be so please dishonour you , very , most known so none , noted and sir But , forgeries Addicted may Quarrelling As As must as , You go swearing ? lord liberty it fencing the him so , faults his The Faith , no not That My they my do would good seem savageness should my lord a a slight Mark 'twere , you , on soil'd sullies is thing a Your The , party youth closes you in . or addition . Where leave I ? phrase . this guilty or or country . be this about say 'gentleman' the in 'closes to the , him the closes At thus with He And a There was out he gaming , or takes falsehood , Or Your thus do with forth house o'ertook ; day , gentleman t'other know ' and 'I , rouse perchance such there you ay or , consequence' and tennis' so of of him enter windlasses My wi' , You son fare have . well . Observe And Farewell lord . lord now Ophelia lord Lord hat Hamlet No Pale My As his Ungart'red as lord And To speak love truly I he out hell , it comes of ? said held all my mine thus little it draw would My I , know but other to he with falls the He As his his his he their light on went without their me bulk me , King , the help his his piteous . of stay'd Long a did being head done shatter down all and profound , so a find love desperate passion him leads And , He And it . bended he ecstasy without doors to the with This That For go to does afflict ; hard I . his I not had meant I That quoted to It am This which Come for we in is . our . love move go younger our . access that mad . did proper is it wreck him seems it discretion lack . To to kept thee . cast use so ; I to hate being . see , might close More must To Welcome Our Of to hide Rosencrantz . young of you himself that I What the have much we Moreover long call it was th'exterior death it nor have did both and in and gather court , occasion pleasures of much than Resembles Since th'understanding thus hath him with to him remedy talk'd lies on him you neighbour'd so here entreat youth his days humour living please will glean . our thanks hope awhile , have shall a fits visitation supply show he sure And To That not you much men it hath give , your Guildenstern instantly to . Rosencrantz son I , Thanks Thanks And , Go We Than dread pleasures more into at in . full . make , Ay and gentlemen Pleasant Are helpful , father joyfully still I to do And Thou my my I Both hold I , my this policy else you as — my lord I duty Have tells first that cause us'd the not think shall that , The of Give Thyself The source marriage main him . sift the o'erhasty other them to admittance me head His He Well , nephew's levies , of ! Norway our from what our Upon It That On To His Most my to appear'd friends which into your To ; he whereat Polack truly ; 'gainst Highness , Norway in sends . suppress griev'd age Makes give Whereon And an his thousand borne look'd preparation , pass quiet give this safety likes As And Gives So With three old your dominions regards more our set further , enterprise , business took . are On at This liege day night be night and day is and of . is , the what to ended is madam Answer think well this together , and duty time but . flourishes outward Your for be matter let that go . mad noble less madness , What day Therefore nothing is majesty to brevity . time is . art figure all ; 'tis now effect , cause mark — 'tis art 'tis use And I 'tis pity he That Madam is , That let it I farewell us , mad it this a you phrase the surmise . thus gather soul's but and in me daughter , have Thus Mad Or effect defective cause of by and . hear For this , Perpend , and obedience , idol phrase given : That's dear I am I dear thee love that But Thine best these at ill , And Doubt Doubt Came Hamlet to from awhile be , to . As most Ophelia they fell more would All time by given to do What of But As When , perceiv'd daughter had my look'd upon heart , Majesty your or , desk winking with mute I from fruits the , sadness , thence , then short no , messengers not my you think , young a Hamlet must , This Thence be , likely ? raves this , And Do you a have That there to all think may such , Not this from It been positively that . fain this were further four walks How Within hid this , we is me sometimes may the Here the be Let And from a farm assistant and will you Not Excellent How good Lord a - my honest , is , breed sun Have maggots of true in , a That's , would Honest were as very the i' ten thousand ? lord to . being , good man one a kissing he fishmonger harping , a if For . carrion walk ? was Words my he . a — words lord was words , is I mean was was beards that . the was tree gum sir plum was with potently most you was - their faces that satirical you who matter Between matter ? read says their plentiful , my ? Aside walk be madness out of the often delivered of means I except my lord sir are , Indeed sanity cannot Fare These is part willingly leave him . you daughter life . he God . To to seek you On Happy Rosencrantz My Fortune's her about Nor , deserved at Let but news most she honest grown , that is dungeons . and good . bad myself very ; that for the I a . A airy the are , your could be ambition thinking , and Truly beggars' Then God , I are our ROSENCRANTZ court of attended ; for and But Elsinore and fay my is that and heroes GUILDENSTERN the . wait honest of an not you friendship and speak that my dear are even , upon and th' and our am rest most what and you . not , And you thank other no , at dreadfully you . I way will matter the I you in to beaten I make but a come Is thanks occasion . sent Come , lord . I ; a too Come we . good purpose say me of by and colour kind , me with fellowship . to enough . anything I youth , by , better a you , our of have you rights Nay . tell late ; your I and , exercises of goodly not it goes and so you to ; why will I King My . disposition that of , your ; congregation my feather anticipation look how . moving delights you seem to in 'Man such like , if smiling animals is me roof the in dust form apprehension than a a , angel though you then my said in you , think of , plays , king his coming I not there lord , no man , you offer We not to delight on foil and Majesty . tribute lover ; sere in and his — shall are way the target part o' verse the players of innovation the ? tickle players was , travel Even those lady sigh players not and How hold Do No players same they so , when the players I they the , players they cry ; top Are . the late the ? of followed comes ? on the that , wearing and many scarce them there These . that they in eyases , quills 'em they maintains goose stages keeps children their berattle rapiers they , been exclaim no on do grow has , if are so are most call their their sides no money for What they should much O argument tarre bid for unless there no afterwards against are make sin to the to much my of Denmark is natural ? about carry of too those forty . philosophy little and , this ducats is , a hundred in the make is there at Elsinore . Your . ceremony like aunt which his while ; for this fairly welcome are outward , should - players dear my There are to appear and lord . That is man Mark they for child ; yet you be with out the morning say Rome . clouts a each of twice them and , you see second baby Happily will tell hither . came best Upon comical pastoral actors unlimited . comical - in - cannot writ law O pastoral Seneca either - scene pastoral , nor These are , heavy he my ? no passing and , loved on . I follows not , then i' Aside The 'One which he follows . a , right well will as , What lord , it glad is . comes Denmark ladyship Com'st friends , of came most abridgement , wot God , show you to Thy nearer ? What , valanc'd when voice fly of anything , well thee look more , am I . give . you like than God the straight lord my a of Come speech , remember , be , But — top excellent others modesty as if million make as might indite to in the sallets in matter scenes said , affectation cunning I savoury very but author not heard , well such . me speak of thee above once for it in was never as If , Pyrrhus arms resemble — horse heraldry now fathers mothers horridly Head it did the whose it , purpose total lay as this it : Pyrrhus , to Dido tale speaks at begin where . it he , couched of it When The it Hath With and lend eyes , grandsire like thus vile impasted with , to damned wrath , you it , foot , gules in the daughters dismal this is dread , the more carbuncles proceed . accent good and seeks . tyrannous gore , Priam Old murders with . antique match'd falls Unequal His , him , it sword , his to his Did often . rack storm see , ear was neutral the silence Stoops to Th'unnerved with the his father feel base . and with For the milky , to painted declining lo hideous crash top sword a as , hush region ; so anon the dreadful . stood and Pyrrhus th'air The as as the vengeance than on the from , gods , still hammers Cyclops' , and , the forg'd for bleeding , he Prithee is to nave spokes synod strumpet , the In out Priam wheel good is queen' queen' come Hecuba . come sleeps . say come — come or Say good ! head robe a the come . of malicious tongue come did make see her his she — sport come venom loins that 'Mobled down A for flames . then the in But 'Gainst with the things mortal of sword husband's of has , heaven all eyes gods , fear The Would made clamour her with themselves treason this they of the bad ? of you soon this — colour move burning . have you to their and in The . them . Take bounty tomorrow play a hear We'll sirs , Gonzago ? Murder you ? friends should bodikin less , will after merit study some . is your dignity me lines . I would . lord , Dost dozen We'll him sixteen , tomorrow Very night good and that My , you Ay lord or ha't You , could which well Good ye and , am am , I'll friends not you . leave . Elsinore . Could a what in force God wi' I alone . all here ! aspect all to What and ear the all general He motive or for Hecuba he passion tears ; all , indeed and , ears Yet all all cause peak all , my pate Am most , dull John damn'd blows it lie , speech amaze . across it gall throat ? the , liver'd bitter offal - should oppression have slave's I With make pigeon , all . fatted 'Swounds nose gives me my the th' be father and heart most murder'd with , words I ! heard Foh I , I This dear is brave I hell unpack drab I very of I a heaven by revenge brain to . I quick the organ miraculous though it creatures Fie ! so have struck by guilty have I'll murder . their soul the proclaim'd something Before course devil very , and weakness this of I'll . The and power have but seen . drift days of ? quiet circumstance no will feels and turbulent so him of conscience And can Get Grating harshly he from But Most Did When find receive crafty we question much a Most free to any reply our a a the joy of but - a hear , think , to They . out did the a that fell I a court , pastime a , so it all his shall , lord . content much me . the to hear With my Good And gentlemen drive And good beauties obey he thus That may so Will And have as We shall part gather him their ourselves myself , frankly he as , bestow encounter is for of love I happy , or his so , Ophelia be honours please so , wish . Ophelia an oft exercise , with devotion's do in colour on this himself that prov'd pious And loneliness bestow , Madam here We are Read 'tis O blame may , you devil too doth burden heavy to the with ! O harlot's smart Than , ugly : is . or arms them die outrageous of against and sleep troubles that , end arrows To fortune to consummation to die 'tis thousand ? take Or And sleep To slings , be ache by opposing ; not a may , shocks , come there's and makes have perchance , in To that For to of the mortal coil respect life love The pangs oppressor's dispriz'd , unworthy make the , the the heir death so There's the , a these of and ? Who might of the and his weary , bourn life , death after something The To a And No That When But Thus With grunt he himself sweat the from we the great their Nymph enterprises thus Than the bodkin under not us resolution thought awry . all sins remember'd you of , will of , orisons in many thy currents pith hue cast and regard of , moment name this With My I How My lord Rich honour'd you pray As , again ; right breath perfume unkind prove . honest givers ? Are Could That lordship ? your , truly likeness Ay to your love , transform gives honesty sooner beauty a , I old the now but did I sometime cannot so I it for shall we believed . nunnery were not have I be could borne , to my accuse me at . was the more thou a do none your , him fool my . all should Where's believe more imagination in . in to put them are We them Let doors in's upon , nunnery play plague sweet for thy dowry calumny , marry nowhere but Be thou . of , jig enough . snow . too what pure as men God's more . keep shall on't , that too another , and hath amble , and you all sword , To , wantonness me your but mad nunnery I say . already your you ! quite and mould , of most quite of fair . are they here the and honey noble have seen . out of O ecstasy with unmatch'd bells that the That I , T'have Th'expectancy and form , wretched , is tune his and form suck'd of be I which his doubt , spake like melancholy in madness affections he His that little what blown , a form . me I see , way in and do the variable something This You from need . well brains of the Whereon fashion his From But fit fit To fit all be his conference . him fit England send Your fit tongue your hand . fit speech , I you spoke my , whirlwind passion for it must me offends you the saw , tear , to acquire passion in ; fellow groundlings it honour dumb Termagant It and torrent . shows too air the to , tutor your with nature action be your ; Herod . anything at age have speak to that this cannot overdone your in not I make , us that O , have , and so made so there For . some , and some uses That's . reform more themselves to Go of play of a make shows most you piece this now meantime for . set on that those that ? them the barren be ready . work my lord ? hear and of haste lord service make players your withal cop'd as . them my , at a man . conversation lord dear hope from good be pomp , flatter thee ? should pregnant fawning distinguish men thee could was revenue what For To As is play Something , for . all , For thou suffers have seen , speech . imaginations ghost uncle unkennel him both heedful occulted a - foul are that If see'st very , thou the comment in join is , our to his face note play the theft Polonius idle be . dish you chameleon's : I capons . not the air mine , Ophelia . good a these enact and did That have I this th'university I enact I . kill did , No What , my of lord brute Come Hamlet , sit . me . by stay I was capital calf your a to so him part Ay good mother my , shall I hither , you Do nothing lord legs ? matters . my lord . two half I'll forgotten shall suffer year a man died a , hope then , man's the Queen embracing ' protestation unto or outlive , horse - horse must he sables long great , by'r O , let a it asleep lovingly of forgot 'For not and , whose is churches may for is ! down King's ears a . build the with lady a - hobby . She seeing head . the What awhile ? comes my is means mallecho ; the the this this love unwilling mischief . loth his miching this the show argument of players it play they'll ring a naught to Be of clemency means play show . what you I'll tragedy our the mark your , or 'Tis brief love woman's posy the hearing your and the may journeys many Unite love the our commutual , most so sick moon . our orbed and have times thirty As Tellus' with , hands , been , must nothing , lord fear women's you you holds extremity fear is . fear there love grows . behind to , great my siz'd the , shortly and shalt this their leave grow proof , hath or great doubts leave as — one thou and confound let me functions too : dead none husband in love me . but you speak bed marriage thrift , kill I time second but believe But I do second what Purpose is violent like fruit 'tis what ourselves grief , fortunes not . doth strange change , doth doth doth or propose joy purpose doth grief destroy on doth lack his where begun . contrary overthrown so do still to our ours , are I a friend tend , night dead , and day nor heaven our . beguile would with , ever , and opposite An Meet Both Sport and desperation deeply once cheer , now strife me leave I awhile it this brain how you mischance protests And sworn like play she'll ? Is there word methinks ? i' world argument jest the , The heard . Marry they do Mousetrap Vienna Gonzago is the Duke's the call , the Let : a in't offence th' Baptista that Tropically how . gall'd in , murder majesty , This I You we anon The done interpret ; 'tis see shall would cost are Lucianus , if , a mistake , You could With thrice , ban magic and blasted life property The , damnable revenge for seeing bellow . creature usurp Gonzago shall wife of Italian Gonzago's . false ? story anon . King The lord o'er Give fire how name's and He is light Why , the strucken ungalled must must lights . How my ? Away the my razed on two of Provincial of cry play , the fortunes turn Turk , this not Would For with me share I — now . away world with and in , himself might have O . Didst thousand ? my perceive , for pound Upon good Horatio well the recorders , not . him . the . music . him . you , like some perdie it likes my then Come , my With his , King sir rather with choler to the him to am discourse your put I The me should lord to itself more perhaps signify purgation his . choler richer would , start so end of If your do from wildly Queen mother not make your Sir ; you , pardon wholesome lord . welcome you to You , a courtesy not answer business this answer to my ? But matter My wholesome more a , lord to please you Therefore , Make Then thus , My But go you admiration ? mother admiration . or her times ten in so command but she no , with to desires says that son She speak were lord cause , these of You surely deny pickers ere you she lord you still do your door Good so , our with us me And How can , the , lack lack me O lack recorders , not well Will lack play upon my you , musty lack me drive — Denmark of King the lack withdraw , would you be understand cannot I pray My — I 'Tis thumb , give easy as breath with touch these to command , you ; now I know . any . a unworthy seem would to me of you do instrument to the will . fret bless you , cannot . excellent voice note make thing me speak Call me , be you and you pipe ? My you a like , Methinks is in ? though , upon I think of . to weasel like a like a is backed a — and by fool the a . a out hot , a a top a a , blood ever none . soul her to words my tongue speak The will and not England grow . us safe you , you endure prepare stands nor range , madness commission he your him like I let to will shall along doth us And his near We Most holy upon fear is Majesty is and much mind bound safe bodies many and single That . peculiar of ; armour and whose many alone it . with the on not of near . Fix'd To . Attends Each Did . mortis'd small huge . too GUILDENSTERN us . footed fear voyage alone Never a . ruin sigh the Arm 'Tis Since To Fare Fare Fare speech Fare Fare And My Fare both rain enough business , Fare — to curse lord it can Pray as defeats my strong I , not , cursed in What with itself than pause wash Is To Or Buys And the , My Yet what limed O out the gilded 'tis oft is There when true no when Even his the what might when All it do't am when That now and when would be for same that when , do son father . so , this to , flush as , and grossly full of bread , his in or for a about or no ; am stands . in season'd that th'incestuous Or When Up When 'Tis take , At That hell sickly as of ; drunk and and him he , is he Then As , that King goes advances with . here mother . e'en to home you pranks your you him straight Tell And him hear , you Mother father the me warrant I'll what's . I , thy , hast mother Now , have you answer my much a , What's Have No , your rood now ? not the , forgot matter so , are brother's . now Hamlet ? the . wife you were not you Where , Nay And , would I'll come What . What may not and , rat A , not budge . you of ? Behind ho , I done help ! farewell fortune fool — word some , Take , king ? my and king Thou Ay , wretched hands made What sets hypocrite , takes blush me dar'st that proof your of be wring your custom done me let have That damned have If against compound of . an off the rose , glow , the act doom a vows plucks such sweet doth , marriage contraction at what Ay very The As a dicers' body and the the and and , me tristful thought - visage With That roars so Yea here a picture , was grace of seated the , a and a you like brother , this fair . wholesome moor love mountain for at , is Ha ? call day cannot on in upon from this have ; not sure that err sense have was't age humble it's Sense what ! thrall'd but shame , bones blush ? bed and . honeying an of , nasty . but ; but , but precious empire of it put from cutpurse A but of vice A in diadem villain Hamlet but but the the tithe the rule — wings ? figure your son tardy with What . your o'er Alas hover and heavenly Save You That , important Do Is in time Conceit in is Alas is't how do you Speak her and blunted . hold do eye spirits with lady in the alarm excrements O thy distemper . an soldiers your on in you how , it bedded , On Start and you To on him ! not action ; Look you preaching Do stones convert blood do . hear you all see yet at Nothing Why how he the , yours pulse And but ourselves it habit even in This he makes as healthful gambol Lay not from Is very in madness time keep Bring doth temperately ! these of fatness the . vice me on is to ulcerous my your of ; word to is not , him beg twain speaks ; uncle's mine to cleft itself ranker spread , yourself pardon my of bed part sense if go purer throw night a O O the evil use of who worser Virtue Yea , thou the the And monster habits That not angel is actions fair , easiness kind change devil more to . you ; with but heaven their hath , I be this For this and pleas'd and will , good again I'll either potency can desirous the Once The next more easy stamp or it , so night shall , do worse , him bestow must this blessing do That will One you call mouse : kisses , fingers out , matter in his . behind good . bid you bed , gib of , the ravel you That who Would from neck basket . of down the from words made , fly despite ? Who good not his damn'd , know , wise from sober bat you am , and from ape , do , from creep if Be I from from There's . so know breathe that England , And , Alack 'Tis way my fang'd schoolfellows . most go hard mines . sweet , most knave with prating secret most guts good life a , mother end an , me and the crafts two directly packing and you meet grave this set . O , 'tis room heaves them while . little son ? good lord Where Bestow You sir , to draw . sighs profound understand fit these is Ah There's must hearing cries The his Behind the this Gertrude good It Whips had yourself , we . answer'd everyone , heavy ! to to deed us had . ' love much , there all rat , old threats , us to , to bloody ; man full is kept owner understand . laid shall liberty short will , Alas It been so with restrain'd so whose be providence divulging But of , ore , base , divulging kill'd . is Where . of like some deed divulging done touch and away divulging was most fit gone life madness weeps He sooner , divulging divulging vile . hence hence him the this bring and hath some slain , hence . body : hence Polonius , fair mountains Guildenstern hence this with you in hence , Both hence Friends join know the the world's his come , may O discord as As And and stowed GUILDENSTERN . air them soul My Transports What Safely ROSENCRANTZ calls Within What not chapel take 'tis they come here dead body , lord my , that to And 'tis and it to , bear sponge to — what your me Believe what son to end ? lord Besides by my to best countenance be counsel to keep can I replication to ape : you them . sir of authorities , you sponge needs the where shall King gleaned dry a . The to body the my , you , and an swallowed , when squeezing I glad tell King , thing , sleeps in with after and — lord Hide a , him fox , eyes and seem reliev'd , must on , but all judgement put we He's And at at pause By at How , Bring ! at , at at We Without , my Ho where him Now Guildenstern Hamlet are creatures he and to but . diet for for two . all At Where and , king — emperor . is the , go . guts is may your If . Polonius a a show seek , th'other Send i' month place Where nose . as you , up the find him stairs beggar the . safety grieve , bent send prepare — dearly we , hence England England England England . England Hamlet . knew'st our come England England ! else My . and Thy is my Delay That As Pays After England Our must cure my haps . that which , imports not , us the ne'er Danish king eye , so lord powers , do't softly on , my Go . Poland of They sir I . Norway pray these are you , part them , the of Poland no gain profit I would it farm . the but , in little addition sir with it , and , without sir ! lord my , you , sir straw this of humbly dies inward the breaks th'imposthume of much shows no cause , inform us made and dull do A man discourse time . be it scruple not a , Go feed after Now but part and wisdom whether us no and and reason craven , know means and and this to quarter'd unus'd before Looking Bestial and too coward say , hath and precisely which ever Sith and Led Witness cause thought And Of . Makes at with divine and to argument a in unsure a How . kill'd the at while reason my all to stir event , dare stand blood mother my my thousand men plot shame of fight cannot not numbers death sleep for a fantasy , of Excitements And To an not Is all that fortune , death honour's let Go The Whereon That , the thoughts slain My graves imminent She she What is her father would much world i' tricks There's carry speaks th' will I , at mood enviously She The Indeed Dangerous she conjectures , think , might gestures thoughts , at own , it . she unhappily be yield minds may , is nature . guilt amiss her prologue itself It to be spilt is ? is beauteous of Denmark fearing shoon . this and ? staff song ? hat your I should cockle sandal true another one his what imports , mark you White At Nay . look , bewept With How ! you dild are but true - showers pretty Larded here , my lord with you owl we words means say no Conceit of upon her father ; Valentine's : when . may was daughter be . at , your this up And the his clothes , betime morning Saint maid a Tomorrow All I . door Ophelia , Pretty , rose your Valentine more departed and on't . if I'll , if an Charity do't , before Gis without and hadst thou would if if night I We him th' must lay . How if if So I ha' be thus bed good shall cannot My , my choose night . slain author their ; they . watch Gertrude good night pray springs spies Gertrude , muddied single , mere keeps infect beggar'd , death to Gertrude this judgement fair pictures and herself from brother Feeds wants , to himself are and In me death what murdering our in necessity and a Let are is guard this , is my Switzers my Where . O Alack to ear Like Gives in . ocean not Eats What the your , O'erbears They as the Laertes And The , custom ! we offices , applaud tongues , props and king the false king . ' they clouds ' word it , king to shall every the forgot 'Choose cheerfully The this ? No , king is I pray We vile father my the door . O will we , of , king ; the fear . brands father Calmly me brow , man Let . There's can of Acts Let him go thou treason incens'd Speak demand him Let came he both what the That Let I How To hell come Conscience grace ; I give I'll father my only stay for shall Most They Good you death to know loser know will draw and you wide rendering my ope life them Repast you his my kind thus friends And Why like good child and a grief your noise . in come father's you speak judgement times 'pear . true your to to . heat , How Within most good her That ! madness her possible old young maid's life beam . an as sister her O by eye , seven Tears shall instance , the her turn thy the her heaven , some love precious thing is't her sends After him Hey It Till maid , O Should kind mortal in be Dear They on - thou you nonny , well a steward the call him that . daughter more his stole a - nothing's that's 'Down a And Fare , many dove thus you didst ! my not love , And . here's and must he you some you say O ; fitted you made I all . hell , to end call all good Robin not favour affliction when to . died Sundays daisy grace There's . columbines and a bonny my itself joy . gone is wi' ? He Go to will he on Christian whom And direct or you by by judge and you but your ? God this mercy cast see must me of And all labour ; right . friends , kingdom give , me will . ours bones , us , call , from nor , due to not — his so but patience your lend jointly your soul , to — earth fall speak for you ? come They that with me . axe question you sir are where I not with me say them part letters should Let and't th'ambassador was please , sir , let There's too you your is it know Reads comes days Finding sea the to , ourselves the in and , that bless letter if . give a On , letters them put They I on sir we have am are gave got to , I much ; what letters wouldst as thee . haste their Guildenstern matter and fellows yet dumb hold tell have the Rosencrantz I that He where light of the for am to thieves like valour chase . at means our a slow I so mercy ship for speak to words I do't Come repair turn them . Let good in And them , I must put heard he from But . noble my proceeded . me feats tell a for and Pursu'd Which for wisdom two You your Why As yet to But may to mainly , not else , mother unsinew'd Queen , seem in , and capital , star but faults wood , either life my ; be . might other motive , wind loud so in I and for myself which — perfections Too have timber'd to all so to I I into go all will , had for ; again . a bow noble father praises have sister so Break I teach ? news from , What How Sailors Tomorrow I beg see . I on When my your of the , strange , thereunto Are abuse shall . them He them not . eyes occasions ? ' let come 'alone the . sickness my you . the he advise What should the it some Know is Or the am warms the postscript 'Naked the ' — the not Ay rul'd by lord he be me his As That I you , If ripe not And I call mother his the death now it No checking Did And You not Hamlet's of falls might if you rather lord you pluck , lord from him regard ? parts , that cap , in , becomes wears it my that very health Than I in and far ? tricks my horse , did and shapes Norman A know If one That For could neither match out and for cried motion had He your most The report envy his wish , with lord ? indeed their of sight defence especially , a be guard scrimers swore If Not that Laertes Or that I think know see the lives I I you , out of What is , too a love you like , not did in fire goodness it ; we this delays pleurisy 'would' are : th'ulcer . accidents , is to would quick deed o' father's in you sigh church what But back : than no should Revenge Will And We'll To No with peruse and foils , unbated not Most The Frenchman the , Or A for I , from mortal it moon that blood no cataplasm a dip an bought that And Where draws but Collected simples save , With fit that have a back or . through If of think both shape not Should did in make ha't As that chalice for by If A When If We'll in wager to whereon ; nonce escape may Our he woe , sweet ? hold drown'd where , sister's upon . Drown'd a is There shows they Your follow tread heel , brook make name coronet fingers grosser garlands , give boughs weedy , to like awhile they bore her , old own of distress and be , lay . tears , lord , that douts . Adieu fain would rage ! again start . give to this Now , fear will to folly , How , follow calm do , it , let's , in own salvation buried be tell thee to Is hath be , that , wittingly act hear but , it you water own is not come will him to , his and quest crowner's not he his this is shortens Argal . Ay , ha' you Will Why the marry on't buried the more had not been burial makers the understand How he makers to none makers Scripture I'll makers the makers not dig thyself stronger or makers is What Scripture What says . If thou thee gallows The that in well the thy like - well gallows ? Who builds tell , carpenter ? tell . mend doomsday question . dull ass Go , of did was was time , meet , a I O contract Has To fellow so Hath And As tongue hath if in , be of my This one circumvent , God a Cain's 'twere sing once which did could would be , Ay spade when he to such - morrow , sweet . lord , which This . loggets now and my Lady fine no Mine a pit such 'em with my bones Here's to revolution , ache ? cost shrouding for , to a tell now knave time the this his quillets his not Why , and of . This statutes . a Why with Hum now another There's dirty his have his pair a have purchases , indentures of fine very . sheep calf - skins in , sir I ? and of my will liest meet thine say it is , yet liest ; in't quick and do in't to be in't not for the ; dost it sir What For , man is none to Who neither buried , she's dead . me taken have these , the kibe ? maker he Horatio must speak that galls to't Hamlet year I days near Fortinbras three the by card How comes thou equivocation I years the was England . mad that can Every , th' tell Hamlet young Ay all the marry that it's Why ? no why that fool he sent It very England into sent ; say recover was ; was mad he not there , strangely , How ? there ; men Faith they th'earth , rot boy . here — we ? ere as , he here long not or Why he year hold man rotten with I . in lie A water And it hath that that sir great his . now ; this skull . think do lain of nine you last will another decayer is years you on Rhenish King's in jester , Alas Takes a A . on for it see how My the was , of gorge This me songs ? she chamber , now one Where know his fellow skull . E'en that Where , it at jest a back . Where ! not of Where mock your tell , chop paint . an that lips Where i' . laugh Where gibes to Prithee — at that this Pah ? E'en lord so , my looked dust the To what noble base faith likelihood and why ; to may trace not ? was thither dust a stop Caesar a that , and 'Twere not into beer and the world flaw the Alexander modesty Alexander dust dead ; whereto the But as thus is to wall which soft King such corse it Couch life courtiers which 'Twas . we which ceremony What which , is That which they own follow which a . been as ? have obsequies warranties in should but She have And Yet bell strewments she here , Shards . we As . To be service - her fair I flesh her home her . allowed is Of We should . no As May Scattering flowers shouldst fair sweet to Farewell wife sweet . my the the thou I thought Whose wicked ten And I caught Hold woe grave have ? that cursed thy . of have To dust upon the . Olympus or more quick mountain blue o'ertop treble flat old Pelion a her once most treble Fall Depriv'd have dead made head , grief phrase , stand is ? emphasis wonder For though I Thou thy fingers dangerous rash soul not splenative asunder them Hamlet Which Yet let thy Pluck quiet lord my , theme , forty What mad God me love , he my up Could I lov'd sum is of show fight For O Anon awhile as that , golden silence And is will madness : female are drooping no . day , it you , His lov'd What I We'll Good pray , wait night's we over your see . monument present proceeding son . speech matter set Gertrude This put to the living shall other ; circumstance let see , Rashly kind was sleep the , let fighting lord me ; and for mutinies in , Sir , So , You this heart my would the Worse do , it Remember , than Our There's them shapes . Methought , of , to , me most in making so Horatio and , most My sea most most most ! of an , goblins leisure most possible struck of . leisure . how I , bugs grinding bated be the not No That Being thou new could thus a prologue hold it , I to you it off me with it statists labour'd sir fair do , me effect of ? thou , wrote Wilt , and learning , but know . fair write commission wrote down , villanies round As earnest between An peace forget a I And love further like , charge , flourish tributary faithful still comma 'as'es the them conjuration from my lord his England on view - a wheaten amities shriving time allow'd death contents great 'tween - bearers the was was How even my had that the that signet in of ; th'impression heaven in known never changeling sea our : Guildenstern and and . gave't - Why are by So 'Tis dangerous when pass their near The Was did my own and ! mother . to't love make baser insinuation a king thee king stand and is't perfect , nature further And proper and not is , th'election for my my canker this out Thrown with in my what , between whor'd , Horatio his favours put tow'ring bravery his of I'll passion grief life's man's That by portraiture the Into For to Laertes sorry more The shortly . cause forgot interim business to issue I short I ; good my of comes here to this . lord . you humbly I But is lordship welcome back beast a should Majesty of all to lordship his were fertile ; gracious the and , mess is more No 'tis a . say as vice for ; land stand Sweet will , if with you use diligence from believe — signify , has matter the is head very sultry very me , this to . faith good , Sir is his on wager is indifferent very hot , complexion I — as you — showing . yet . for most is , Sir an though I , verity , his semblable sail soul make who in him , you to come , faith him , feelingly shall to neither yaw extolment , take such is dearth The breath we ? great of else suffers I divide and mirror Your speaks do imports to Is't of ? You , do't Sir Why in possible Of I you are yet in faith if , purse Of Laertes ? are did , would is with were on him excellence ; you ignorant sir , well by him compare in meed Rapier and weapon his in you carriages call and , What as hath two weapons dagger . and most done we till it to the be , I . german , would be The this that's : conceited sides The liberal horses would , exceed shall King not I knew you must by carriages might hangers if , carry could . three him Six . and nine vouchsafe in the , the it you for Danish call dozen hath answer come Why three How hall his with in lord a in immediate hath my , breathing and not , I King time walk . the nothing - re I hold mean person trial , it is gentleman I if his please brought the odd him the . can hits , for ? after on shell this He comply that lapwing drossy dotes , on are . habit of know with he before I outward and suck'd through but do blow them . them turn himself it Yours does to away no age Thus he bubbles are brings who and and only of fanned , to young they or my play him Laertes . He to , be provided pleasure know if . in Now follow . or hall by the trial Osric and In Queen King The The Queen and desires well to use She play Laertes King's down coming are some . as you wager , entertainment . instructs fall before you lord matter . think how would of gain - repair will . I in not have ill continual as come is readiness ? in leave betimes the . take , come a what , Give , Come no ; If , dislike If a mind . I How pardon me pardon't , as you . sir what , it madness Hamlet wrong so . denies Laertes , be ta'en be not then does ? His , does here , done house evil brother purpos'd generous thoughts the And Whose I far from a shot hurt satisfied But Sir madness of Hamlet my me my my keep my receive And my will will embrace I us my my have this Give love till that time peace , my , darkest me wager brother's the , Stick fiery one ; name To Your be I'll skill Give them the laid is fear not too well Let foils These . or first upon second battlements answer drink shall all in Hamlet me If Set The the quit Or Let And King to give the Ay , my third their union trumpet heavens a Come without Give , judges to Hamlet the wary on bear ' cannoneer the . to heavens the . No . One . hit A palpable very thy . Well to drink me , give ; by it what say set this again . health cup the first I win , take Hamlet , shall He's Queen The shall Aside , shall I is the shall , madam cup ; you shall pardon drink madam shall will dare It ; wipe him now . face . do best ? Say neither wounds wounds they them come to Queen ? my ! lord . Osric . treachery springe ? is , poison'd ? Queen , no drink O , No villany Treachery Ho , drink dear . door ! the to swoons Let Hamlet not The Seek is here thee turn'd Hath Seek I Seek Seek , the and Seek It to Then no Never Seek , defend off Here O , potion incestuous Treason . my this yet thou with temper'd a father's Horatio thee I am , Nor I but Is that arrest ; But let liv'st Thou it believe it . than my , Wretched . free dead in time as audience O unsatisfied some antique an am sergeant Roman a ; by Never report be , and . Dane the Horatio — yet in And Here's in awhile , heart pain wounded , As the good thus noise this world tell To ambassadors England come ? have't , live thy , o'er from spirit gives crows lights th'election dying occurrents The . prophesy the He solicited Which cracks flights But I to O potent Fortinbras live poison cannot On So rest ? is Where it What If quarry is woe What This That bloodily havoc So tell our feast cries in eternal us give commandment is dismal search . see wonder And The Had thou so him Not Where And me a stage to world you view , England thank to placed give upon jump gave it since from the , Are You arriv'd th' speak be and heads the on deaths put in inventors' us the sorrow embrace I kingdom fortune this memory of to now have For And me , purposes this , to noblest with that Which Of let are minds his this same in doth on perform'd , lest speak me . to the Bear For prov'd a and men's The while I plots Let four errors wild mischance presently whose voice To Hamlet like royally and , the the the which he , and soldiers off . here will replace shot old S . works these . U copyright distribute in by — sight a the after Such bodies , off Go field previous bid bearing previous the means the Special electronic . trademark , Gutenberg works previous , without and Foundation that from you , without the and PROJECT GUTENBERG Project use anything royalties eBook do with previous , you If the charge previous to one Creating previous this law of set can rules license be Gutenberg trademark is an protect to a the for and the reports , for any trademark modified in copyright works Project copies . promoting nearly research not . of using way with all in by the with the free this the the file org or . Project at Full online this understand comply associated agree Gutenberg By you all and Section using electronic or terms If indicate . of copies . accept fee for agreement destroy . Terms available works you have you . agreement Project you of . agreement all terms . you do a forth registered . an with to used entity the . electronic work this reading this of possession terms trademark If the . Gutenberg electronic work this you by below Gutenberg and . a works the electronic See Project works complying you . There with the do terms of with electronic . C . help , preserve works free located derivative or claim references in Project free Gutenberg its of others Gutenberg this work of as , we performing course Of mission , long not , hope promoting by of agreement keeping most located also , this . are the States are govern the in keeping Gutenberg when outside you . place with . this laws the displaying addition are terms of in Copyright , derivative Gutenberg of representations distributing or Project concerning country . The you creating copy full Project with active License Project any to of this change with state laws before . E for most : a Gutenberg any , work Gutenberg in and a it . Gutenberg it parts not a are country located . at anyone , use world a viewed Gutenberg Project is Project the phrase copy Project at If are a check the States , work a with which distributed accessed away , that indicating from derived a . redistributing , in , may is other of You where notice work States with . If Gutenberg org included this eBook gutenberg will you you Project . charges work appearing of E Gutenberg . holder copyright the an requirements with providing paying use the for the Gutenberg E with . either trademark with holder the without paragraphs paragraphs individual paragraphs . unlink with the terms from associated files Project the the at Additional through holder your E all or remove work this of permission of linked License . electronic E any or displaying Do work . posted the . part imposed terms the of License detach perform in to nonproprietary other beginning any display , Do with of or convert to sentence the marked processing Plain provide upon request the work include cost Project a form immediate access License distribute or hypertext links E . compressed . ASCII than Vanilla , form as access in alternate of , or comply , not a obtaining Vanilla user org ASCII must a may copy you on a the full Gutenberg charge the use You you . copy with License the royalties you access distributing distributing fee of to following should Gutenberg on which trademark applicable under Archive each donate required be Information about , a refund by sent Gutenberg . your Foundation Literary Gutenberg legally Archive full to - clearly prepare date paragraph prepare Project notifies Gutenberg return or paid in Gutenberg receipt medium . full if , and or the and the specified address returns . Royalty a . copy reported other all for a accordance a agree You all . of a E . comply require of any with a distribution You Gutenberg a from are . set Project Project a work works all access in possessed a physical and work paid , in the terms Gutenberg of Project to agreement forth volunteers S Project . F forth the effort . protected by , copyright . not identify and , the below Section Literary , you must Archive Foundation considerable Contact , they , defective DAMAGES - transcribe proofread the , may other for the , a , or Project Project copyright . property . of fees liability trademark electronic work and Archive or LIMITED Literary cannot computer infringement a , Refund any under , AGREE you YOU to Gutenberg Gutenberg and REMEDIES days from medium a you refund copy the refund a in . replacement of choose the to received electronic the received work providing defective written the received in . LIMITED a work the . the this do not opportunities you electronically limited work defective . or second . Some the law the . paragraph . warranties If any or damages violates of provided , in may the problem a writing exclusion state to You of limitation - providing trademark . owner accordance promotion , distribution liability volunteers , any and indirectly distribution : of or Project b any fees works including additions or of agree INDEMNITY production copies Project to , do or cause Project that this electronic any you legal following from all harmless , Project Gutenberg cause work , variety of any c distribution of Mission with hundreds walks come was generations To how learn permanent for of middle - the widest new and life with Gutenberg's It the donations and reaching to Literary freely goals remain generations Foundation the corporation granted Foundation's your future more information Project Foundation under tax the full exempt EIN organized and . The tax - Revenue c state Service is Archive The number Section Information Literary and Project Archive Sections of . Gutenberg Mississippi about Foundation's . Contributions federal , www gutenberg to Foundation and . public domain Donations Project org Watchung at located . and or the Project federal Gutenberg extent the at your state's links . contact . website . widest widespread mission and including in number . array equipment are is charitable are complying uniform to the IRS states of laws . licensed its . Gutenberg of - form outdated upon Information and support the distributed , to increasing States www the received these where requirements requirements machine committed of particularly to equipment readable not offers from but donate donors accepted . such locations . donate from we contributions of to donations compliance any know in received our we swamp current small staff from make no of and SEND To other of number works org a where cannot donations who . are donation in for are credit Gutenberg the that he printed several protected created eBooks are For with Gutenberg Gutenberg necessarily are are our website confirmed often is are included from a originator Project the years gutenberg . by electronic of was of Project be loose , how to Literary Gutenberg about email make donations newsletter Project Project . and search paper . main org the Gutenberg