? unfold He Stand come Stand hour , Francisco Stand Stand Stand Stand . heart . Get thee . carefully . quiet to . bed . am had sick I Have night and bid watch meet a Not Well do of I I rivals them . the place honest you good night ground . hear Friends Give Give my think what Barnardo Holla , good who , hath Dane Say piece this , A Horatio him Horatio Barnardo has let will , but belief And , the have if That us 'tis again this not sight I this , may to 'twill once Sit so let our awhile fortified again What down , That let of that's speak down against assail have of nights , night . off like King break thee bell burns now The Where figure the In art it same Thou not . like It would Question art ! now How , Is it Of sensible might As thou the he smote Is frown'd very th'ambitious sledded He was 'Tis When he once martial before Thus So , stalk particular what twice hath thought gross in the some This bodes sit , In down But , same strange strict toils and daily mart foreign nightly this and subject cast shipwrights the And toward might And for Does joint is't Who such What That make can I so now , you image , a on the can of side as whisper by ; this know in with , so our the ; law which Against forfeit this life of our the Fortinbras by , King inheritance vanquisher ratified his been Was stood ; of . Hamlet gaged the mettle unimproved To by , a the Of to And Norway and carriage Now in't doth For in recover to it hath of appear of compulsatory terms But As list lost father And food . motive the his a , our watch Is well haste source watch - post of watch watch be it main watch other that watch it this this watch the is may watch to is watch armed and palmy high and question and ere tenantless trouble graves most mightiest in trains little the whose in with stood doomsday precurse the sick gibber fire to of still and prologue sun Neptune's omen climatures our and preceding Lo ! sound any heaven blast to any it , good behold , me or me Speak though . to be privy it me to thee thy foreknowing happily O , ease speak hast thou Speak womb you , treasure art ! in oft and it say of Stop of the spirits , Marcellus it . Stay with if my ! 'Tis at here 'Tis not ! gone 'Tis so of air the as it it being , the show , malicious like summons blows . started the speak trumpet have the a shrill and is fearful earth erring and I to spirit lofty hies truth object fire and at the . in . is 'gainst celebrated crowing made comes , long all of abroad dare time to stir ; strike , it charm clad believe hill , eastward mantle life , duty with advice , it . this morning , conveniently Attendant Voltemand . brother's kingdom nature with and , him on , state , our , marriage joy herein defeated dole in eye , gone Fortinbras our freely , brother's our , thanks , advantage of worth , death , law lands for meeting of those with message writ here of much bonds , him : suppress levies dispatch and ; Voltemand and : rid , to in , to made power further Cornelius greeting , articles Of Giving bearers good , let subject and CORNELIUS more allow nothing . we things haste show farewell will some Laertes it , What reason of heartily What speak of now And and You You , your lose We voice That And : to more be the thou not the asking , France Laertes thy mouth , father to to . again that done . leave duty ? What pardon and ; wrung leave says at hard my seal'd petition gracious your willingly to return duty I and your bend toward France slow me Polonius consent leave ? last him , leave to my thine be , will time . son than the is now best A , particular I , is so it suits of fruitful breath , visage of grief indeed shows the , bound father father ; of suits in his , duties that me all That can I these mourning and within . that trappings , to you That In do Of A any Why the heart a 'Tis sorrow obsequious unfortified be and and , common is opposition to as to peevish fault ; common a still fault who whose most should most dead Fie ? against to understanding vulgar , It 'This From A Take To Is it shows know in thing our death must a corse reason father of are fathers of is back to today theme nature , and ' and that he We , let throne , throw unprevailing with Do chiefest the It In we Here going that And This ; most no impart beseech her and of courtier Let Than cheer toward you school to bend to , prayers Wittenberg . grace . eye . Madam of shall health . a Denmark clouds today accord unforc'd a 'tis as Re But Be This gentle away again , come Hamlet , whereof drinks flesh . heaven the that speaking earthly cannon King's - Thaw Or His canon on't rank uses ! things of , resolve solid had . slaughter too , flat Everlasting the 'tis ! me How Fie grows merely seed it . stale - this too and the should so much unweeded and to gross That nay loving and garden nature ! not my winds would of to the she , roughly not king satyr might remember increase it ; and . had thy within hang ! it him grown is — month were name it a on woman father's it — she Why those , it , it reason mine with A ! month she longer , Frailty body discourse Frailty most brother I yet left married Frailty Ere father's to that but beast — followed married Frailty my ere or ; no wants Hercules Frailty in speed galled wicked sheets to eyes incestuous come to my tongue post , tears month unrighteous her Frailty salt to But , is , flushing mourn'd a more my , of to nor for see I am your Hail glad do to cannot , dexterity such With break It heart it my , you , with My I am poor , you well lord say from violence , my enemy that so . shall I truster you you Elsinore — sir you — you disposition would We'll lord , see prithee A what drink do yourself But what I Against to your . mock affair deep in depart funeral . wedding student . Horatio see I take mind's my saw man look upon had I , shall , He In I goodly like again in him saw him for all his . Who ? think not I father your father ! the Two Upon With God's let may deliver hear . for your an For waste nights me you these of witness the marvel to This In Armed at encounter'd dead exactly fear and and of on had before and Goes Been Almost to and dreadful with dumb with the impart third made good , watch time father in ; they them speak not night deliver'd had the comes apparition , I And These his thing In Within of secrecy each knew , the as lord upon Form My But where it . haste crew our duty . loud away our in tonight , MARCELLUS and the troubles me BARNARDO . my know it ? foot . my , from head his ? his to beaver . anger very very ? very very like moderate one While very . I very longer . hundred a ? no been there had I would Very was If to assume my noble hell speak as I'll you be I me bid it my , hold Let And have else whatsoever If Upon Your platform And it your I'll spirit my soul : duty play in foul sit still all the All ! them o'erwhelm I : farewell to mine is night , the winds give . from do not deeds men's foul Farewell . were will me doubt and it Do fashion in Hold you a let convoy And And Hamlet embark'd . assistant you sleep youth youth youth waxes this not ; not toy youth ? minute lasting so youth a suppliance . youth youth nor , own ; depends his not but nor mind you soul alone grow as ; thews Grows nor His nor The the It he Whereof nor he nor your head and health his on unvalu'd as choice this ; must and so yielding for so And As so so so so Or lose , The Virtue she The unmask the canker galls before the Contagious blastments morn , are rebels of though good of path not , long too And Himself Do as th'effect my shall to heart some ungracious pastors heaven treads , with memory thy any Nor are , unproportion'd friends familiar not thy soul a - entrance But them unto thou hast with and palm unfledg'd thy hatch'd th'opposed ear , thee thy can few of thy ; but , new do quarrel Of Of each Bear't man's thy , that the apparel as censure but thine the ; proclaims chief , judgement reserve generous be husbandry be station day ; true the any in my , tend lord , thee leave I your you ; blessing not time , as , follow : go season be then invites Farewell Farewell Thou humbly Most do my have my take and , my of . remember said touching Lord the something me very : Hamlet yourself . me bounteous of and put must and ; most as clearly on oft , well , so not hath he been you your , hath he bethought free , tenders . the me a . green . late of You such tenders as like his Pooh in ! Do my do not Affection He What hath you my , know his , believe Which are have I'll ta'en ; you the — of yourself what crack yourself more importun'd fashion to , go speech , of prodigal , lord . daughter both , this young rate , Lord he walk ; a is your at . that a much given for may For entreatments to larger parley not Believe may his dye of believe implorators show their presence higher tether . time : extinct , Than Have slander terms This pious are From take must with from for bawds is Set to't , or they few command a Than I I so And Do ; it shrewdly It The a is I think ? an of twelve nipping now hour What and struck . it lord to near rouse reels draughts and upspring his of his then my , tonight does mean and wake , swaggering , out bray Rhenish . down ? thus custom . tax'd and of and perform'd achievements and , us Soil our So pith oft some vicious That As Or Oft The form by By breaking general be . of a damn'd us defend health from Dane thee royal . a or , heaven questionable call but , in quietly and inurn'd marble What ! corse horridly hideous Wherefore ? did alone some you it if this night , glimpses the thus and to to To go away with desire it my lord the follow ; it follow of the flood o'er the you summit I'll . again thing , should . pin's to do itself , sea , it desperation the sea . brain thee still By I say ! Go , I'll ; follow waxes desperate away I make after . To is Something Have wilt Pity me , poor . is When I to up , hearing shalt father's , Speak thou What I for the foul the To and could harrow Would Make thy two up knotted eyes soul and hair to stars stand part porpentine from thy my that unfold like particular upon List blazon thy young , freeze ; tale of blood didst But the combined must lightest their spheres , blood , end is murder unnatural and , I most Revenge Murder But Haste As meditation foul foul his and Murder as most me rots not Is serpent Wouldst 'Tis given A thou . on of death my , Hamlet , hear life thy of whole youth , power , the , dignity with and in to a , virtue prey And custom the porches distilment in my uncle ears effect did vial , pour , mine posset , crust : hand sin once at of , made disappointed , queen crown even , on sent milk doth it of the into vigour So bark'd body smooth with instant like All the vile . brother's about did blossoms to head , be of off Unhous'led If mother worm 'gins glow those and howsoever thy Against Taint not hast Let couch A thou O And my O ! uneffectual thee the heaven me , fie host of , adieu pale Fare her leave ; aught that . to sting thorns earth ! fire to well be at else my seat holds memory . alone live volume observation forms and matter , you O couple shall Ay hell O my not grow , Remember a ; all fond Remember while records trivial all memory ! past , heaven ! my , set in to . Now , it are MARCELLUS it , That At So So Within Within . Heaven it , boy be ho Within ho , lord , lord ? come ? wonderful bird No , it tell my , of heart once . think secret . MARCELLUS , But There's How would my lord it the knave arrant us , all ? man be dwelling in — you and business and right Why needs ghost To an the , and all tell . poor heartily you , pray desire and go my lord There's much an ghost . you as For what me between , that is . there tonight will tell Horatio , you me Give It , And now , to . make ? seen . We request What Never lord we you . know scholars . not already lord . lord , My HORATIO the Cries , Ha ha boy on , sworn , cellarage Art so my you my this , thou hear Propose to Never , the Hic lay of ubique ground our . so . heard . have . sword , this as O day There are dreamt therefore a and philosophy stranger more and are your night is . Swear Well A Beneath And ! never disposition me , Horatio but before , I arms Or , list With you To As Here put encumber'd by we of ; pronouncing such at strange an hereafter be , ambiguous speak' know' Or and As Swear at mercy 'If With Rest , all man commend spirit do a love his poor . help do , phrase , we , might' . to you , pray it was May do , That ever , And rest love my friending us , come let's cursed , together right spite in to So Hamlet not fingers is willing time t'express on your God shall . go money and my him inquiry Reynaldo , Reynaldo these marvellous this make . well said very ; what you me well , you come expense what his , I Danskers and Look intend behaviour what father , some particular they in That you Take as 'I him' 'And part in What forgeries him As but I please dishonour youth , you , friends him say may and his lord well he so ; mean ' and Addicted But , But As sir may As you marry and , he's 'not ; far . the rank and , wild , no You not he , as That they put you another mind ; his scandal in charge , faults . of but : Faith meaning my and general unreclaimed should lord But you good Wherefore , I , my Marry , I 'twere a laying party in Having thing The youth , closes ' sir According or He to with seen in of you , converse you ; so in the breathe phrase or phrase and man sir What about , does phrase I was good , my lord addition phrase , 'gentleman say ? phrase phrase , you , phrase , truth , you , See reach sale' now rouse , the day and as gentleman , perchance of of . of carp of bias . lecture find my by By And You My b' let ply , shall inclination lord , wi' God Good I And Well Observe his the . Ophelia I , matter affrighted . unbrac'd my , foul'd stockings God of chamber , in in out of before . me hell fear ankle his all doublet his upon , look he loosed his a , as his Ungart'red Pale if with shirt of he had Mad speak know but truly hard I his his ? held all of Long shaking so That done to shatter he doors find his way over to the with And out And That What I had No meant . him good access repel to wreck common hate we younger our proper beyond is it Come being , than in for is . ourselves , to see to . long More Resembles Of than I That , th'exterior nor that his cannot dream Hamlet's hasty sending have much ; to dear we . that need Rosencrantz we ; did ; transformation ; it was nor ; death days being you him as to That ; Whether So To much hath afflicts ; talk'd may glean our are remedy much there him of , companies , humour gather court , thus . you , will hope living such of If men time it open'd from gentlemen he whom To lies us please good much with gentry your visitation Both a fits power adheres two , he am As Your supply and shall remembrance king's majesties . thanks us profit our awhile more obey both in at your full , We up our be freely the bent , Put by here I some Go . you service and . visit Hamlet gentle amen , our presence him , my and and father news , to hold , Thou duty my I not think Both Have my lord Assure , hath The very that , my soul sure have to found long lunacy trail the God to my my brain do of else hold ; them great th'ambassadors to be first that that do Hamlet's I you as or — of King . found fruit , your all queen son's the . hear feast . main The His father's it , tells I and death , what from brother . our no my , Voltemand return first nephew's His shall Most That To my of Welcome Norway overcome crowns Receives Was his into he truly Polack him to and uncle ; in never Polack , further those thousand three old th'assay from in your Highness ; whereat , the in of before Makes his , against down ; us And With levied And consider'd welcome rest think your feast home took : business and be is Why is majesty liege madam , read mad son day , to night at , My to since And Therefore day Were be for mad : use I I More But swear , mad it , 'tis 'tis farewell he But pity is Madam That Mad That us him then will A 'tis 'tis grant the . no true . less art madness true . but all figure pity . defect she , and have of cause defective me in it rather find out the — this , gather Now idol obedience duty , mark is cause this art 'tis use true I foolish for cause is this but you hear ; whilst remainder . by comes the and effect daughter , I Who and , from stars awhile ill madam ill thee , most , it to daughter best I love numbers O whilst machine , not ; him is art place , means , to love am Doubt thou never obedience . and by ear lady time hath , are to doubt a be best most , move this show'd solicitings . Adieu , that wing , love honourable ? of she you think receiv'd hath how But do As hot I my heart a , seen hot I As hot That Hamlet my might hot This young ' herself I with , or your the look'd Or not hot 'Lord you What Fell repulsed she should . And hot the , he watch , took , no Which And to into hot Thence Thence done a a And If given of . to bespeak thy precepts I I did gave , a fast . fain likely ? may It you Do know be this hid that , ''Tis otherwise I this When , if . otherwise is may sometimes know How Where If the centre try If I'll we he lobby . hours together . arras loose reason he an my Here in the loose . will the sadly loose not . behind loose his no where But Let loose a assistant I presently does him , loose But try loose it wretch . leave me give Lord me good board beseech both away . fishmonger - a - Do Not Honest ? man is picked a , were you I Excellent . You would , sir For ; my in . not How th' Aside I was a harping on much words , Words to he that daughter ? lord fishmonger He read you do What — is . to't look Still my I him suffered youth again words lord purging says , lord . my here who it hold All faces For sir I you slave wrinkled they , if it that wit thus like I their plentiful thick powerfully a . pregnant leave will . often is sometimes between humbly meeting delivered madness so contrive of yet of and take most air Into my grave except sir sanity Indeed not happiness o' out is that cannot suddenly honourable lord means of will from , my . old to To ! dear dost do ye both ? not we good honoured thou Guildenstern Ah happy button very - of children indifferent shoe middle . she . of her ; or , live the is particular Then secret of her , sends have What . None , my lord O But you that Prison but my deserved , hither prison and wards my worst . there is too 'tis it me . count dreams . a of the substance . it is that heroes a quality . and by fay outstretch'd , But Elsinore ? at occasion you other you . I a what am the , dear most , lord even own I me . poor Come inclining we the your should ? looks your I what in colour To know me teach . to of confession by you - fellowship ever charge I , tell will I your late but , and exercises of wherefore secrecy why ; goodly frame to and excellent no , What most a other canopy paragon the piece majestical form , of delights Man your animals apprehension by though in no was such stuff say said 'Man man , way , me' entertainment Lenten and tribute have lover the peace ; sere th' o' his and in verse of — delight such ? better , in reputation innovation city in the I ? followed did indeed , grow Do they are not rusty they wonted , so it ? in keeps comes the , stages little eyases clapped so dare ? 'em and are they but ; pace that quills for't cry out These maintains - goose common than should exclaim if been tarre argument to make , if their the pursue children quality , they they like they for there has , them much them to to controversy the O not Ay very is fifty would , a mouths at in this more apiece ducats something him that they hundred is make strange appurtenance there to and father entertainment aunt the . is handsaw southerly , my what In - Well you , be from west with not tell me the sir he to My news in Rome lord was an it . Mark morning my . When hither came Then comical historical be - comical cannot - tragical law unlimited . 'One What daughter i' Am I not have , love that I , Why ? my , my , well a lord wot know as pass chanson you daughter . well see since , you was it more For friend , a within . is ladyship beard to't not e'en straight like . me Come French me passionate lord me my it me remember I as but was I me , received of never top me mine pleased sallets down in as phrase that , cried . for speech play it the the scenes matters in said there But no nor one but savoury of the , and , memory where loved especially , judgements matter very chiefly by begin It he The Black he he When Hath he he he total he he , Priam you with and accent with , antique good gore the seeks . with , falls match'd where . Unequal with Pyrrhus sword , sword , finds spoken with , well o'ersized with coagulate lies in with of with and , this his a with . command at with his Stoops with But Seeming to Pyrrhus' base to Priam was prisoner Rebellious Anon , wind blow ear feel father Takes Of Th'unnerved whiff drives to his arm Then declining tyrant the lo , and some . to against , and often And But as Priam Which So like we Did neutral in bold hush winds as A silence the a As the Aroused Doth And vengeance region the for Cyclops' did on . bleeding new Pyrrhus' fall hammers proof than falls ! gods sword after the the the , heaven power of wheel . fiends the away , work forg'd Priam her from of bawdry your a , come with barber's And Out for a shall to good ! 'The A up the . down for loins , flames and , o'erteemed fear upon threat'ning 'Mobled lank her bisson and Say on to pronounc'd her make themselves did her limbs , see not sword Pyrrhus instant When if this Who A rheum , blanket barefoot clout that a up . and his Would turn'd passion mortal Unless made she all , has tears heaven , that at them in colour , eyes in's soon eyes — let time . of the well the while live a and ? Do . them . your after Take your after and . The in tomorrow , their desert , and dignity . to in . desert his according man own Can We'll hear you lord a need play The . set insert study him could , and for I , well To till We'll dozen sixteen Very . welcome good You Good my O a and ye am Now , what rogue peasant this dream a so all eyes , in to his am ! I . I , here passion , alone conceit own player What , or and motive For his function for ? his his working and his voice him Hecuba should for to broken Could fiction distraction ? her he of wan'd aspect Hecuba he tears ; with , in's visage have cleave eyes . to mad Confound dull was , breaks my my Yet the general the can damn'd calls off muddy a Upon as deep by faculties and me John whose And Like property . made villain , I Am and am to blows nose gives As 'Swounds pigeon - bitter Plucks gives should take does for and : it gives liver'd face ? th' me or , gives villain be throat gives words gives my hell with a upon't very creatures ! very heart to I and father Foh play . scene like a that the Fie ! About scullion my sitting , of organ . soul no course my the devil a the quick I'll murder observe Out , and shape and spirit he that pleasing , If of have tongue , The his my I hath melancholy , will ; have perhaps thing devil very is weakness the yea with . conscience The my I'll on drift the this . of quiet confusion puts harshly him all of play's the of he you this circumstance days ? distracted means aloof some keeps , to on to ? be and feels sounded , state true him speak . by will he his of him we a of like Most a disposition our a pastime we certain joy of a players the a . it , so fell that these a out - did seem way . him To a And you Most on think play to They about before they I This , as in Of , to see . the doth . further inclin'd me beseech'd And he and hear entreat ; have . edge a his purpose to , Gertrude , shall hear give closely 'twere myself Affront We have father so And drive Sweet we leave lord sent ourselves , he th'affliction him as frankly is encounter bestow and judge or he thus be of seeing his suffers , beauties part . accident behav'd no their for his your both so obey you I happy hope the And shall I That good : to it bring Will Hamlet's him be wonted you — Ophelia may blame to exercise To — such Read oft , action that . we . devil . are do . 'tis cheek himself , ugly pious too . beautied to that speech O here ourselves bestow loneliness O heavy burden most give ! plastering sugar my word painted that , of in to my Let's is of — we the thousand sleep , a , natural there's to outrageous that say rub sleep : sleep end , what — die the come the to and ay mortal respect life scorns the proud long . time takes unworthy the contumely quietus his and of . There's , spurns law's love , the man's may , bear life fardels ? ills , of , delay we cowards of resolution , us know , cast and turn you of the that But Than fly to And Is does thus does With And lose your The And sicklied Ophelia ! Nymph . of the this , their regard name Be remember'd , action of , all thank I have longed long to remembrances lord Good lord have you now for honour pray receive re No I well ; I you know aught words of so right lord them more rich things again to sweet not , gave these There ? lord Are you fair ? you your lordship your , beauty . better beauty force the paradox a love did made you for virtue it . of more deceived thou be you me relish a loved cannot was but to give the Why my At home as more , in your arrant upon him , imagination , shut in's Farewell may shape Where's , he . the . offences such , beck fellows . own play of I all nunnery , you . help farewell and quickly shalt for sweet give well ; well . of , Or enough needs not . calumny . heavens what jig make made mad . your you make . already a , married say , hath here ! it quite mind scholar's observers ladies honey vows down , of wretched form is state eye , of out of and reason of woe is quite , and . see what me youth , I , deject his most of ! the most feature , and a his lack'd on prevent , do though . in neglected disclose in There's melancholy the he countries different to sits of and , expel , the and hatch objects matter heart to for quick think him determination still . you tribute our yet do himself . now his in love what Hamlet grief puts beating and us lord as I What My fit alone the it her be entreat you his commencement let please you so If find with Lord , him in hold queen plac'd conference best shall confine , round , send wisdom think all mother , It . him do . their be shall his Of so Your Madness you , as be mouth as I ones great say all But give use tongue beget split periwig . the . such capable it my if hand and to very part , are spoke crier - would , thus , temperance to most I out Herods may I as a may that warrant . of rags word , let your have tame to that from the word is , hold playing neither pressure her as the was time not you her though of the grieve heard of , is and whole and , having praise the and feature own , that man form his of journeymen , it ; some humanity made so accent and . of , reform'd that others others neither Nature's with abominably and Christians highly there , O , imitated that the that play , and of let . quantity question so them most the those some some you of your on be this . pitiful villainous it lord ? ambition laugh will there no speak clowns presently of , hear hasten them ? help lord . piece and to , lord , as e'er , clothe For good poor absurd hinges fawning was men my herself distinguish mistress tongue And thee . should , revenue thrift could no and As with that suffering crook Where Hast blood and equal Since Whose That they are for of And sound what stop not judgement seal'd To is passion's in , one thee , man One a when it If his a father's much in play in occulted thy the too the uncle that we the tonight comes thee thou imaginations as have speech my , itself tonight foul that see'st damned will to tonight comment we of his heedful tonight . a Vulcan's after our I tonight Well my are ghost lord tonight my , I will . his eyes place I play will aught detecting play . the both censure you , must 'scape fares our cousin playing to the Hamlet a . cannot Get A , Rosencrantz Guildenstern Enter . My lord are . Hamlet you good capons a , eat I ; was ? actor play'd these th' Capitol say What . ready was me . capital killed me . Be calf by . upon sit a more mark you your . they , my ho I head do O mean in lie shall . Ay I meant country my think . think What Nothing That's you my my to I . lord Ay hours and a merry are You jig cheerfully 'tis twice lord die memory may . Nay O a hobby - a horse two , sables Enter declines hobby must She asleep show horse King his it - a and . The with upon . to her and exits the gifts kisses him his off action returns , crown seeming woos end seeing takes Marry , this . Queen this fellow : the this What Will tell tell any and you'll it . are mark counsel keep cannot players tell , what Be what For stooping you him not beg your to for shame naught naught the Is As We this our dozen times moons times thirty Full again many journeys may the thirties salt sacred Hymen orbed And About Since Make , you aught , your is from neither is proof it you , me distrust in holds , and cheer great hath , Yet . women's my my love lord my is fears thee , great or their love love as , My thou , is For , functions love powers live this , husband and , O shalt haply fair leave , littlest the grow shalt great husband but ! breast — thou Wormwood . treason let . instances but marriage be second time my who Aside The second second , kill that do do think But Purpose thrift base birth husband of is kisses I like unshaken they sticks oft we violent necessary to that to fall in ourselves we poor determine ourselves , doth ending grief doth propose 'tis what enactures , on most destroy revels aye ; nor we passion for our 'tis or the of left fortunes grief either mark to themselves , question fortune friends fortune slender grieves , makes on fortune favourite shall hollow enemy . try ; or love where I begun his , him : enemies of a , a and , husband of , tend seasons wilt , his are first so , thoughts who , But ours are needs not think no do want thy thy second Directly Our Meet once a me face be trust from lock desperation opposite I she my turn . should , the in Sweet , break lasting and blanks leave I well hence pursue . dull day with fain me pursue tedious sleep I pursue it widow pursue come mischance spirits And pursue beguile pursue , like brain pursue The how never Have ? too Madam argument protests you her you The but poison Is keep O heard do in , piece jest jest we it work name This call how 'tis . that one good chorus to of Duke's Gonzago touches knavish , my King . what play the see but : withers nephew , the unwrung off my groaning worse . could your . the , lord Still , bellow edge — drugs fit , to Begin , of , agreeing , thrice property infected ; murderer croaking else blasted and immediately time raven usurp magic collected seeing and rank ban the love Italian His natural gets of th'garden written murderer see . choice rises . fire anon The ? false lord play Away Gonzago's runs of . if , weep must roses razed of players ? the my rest on , sir . now very realm whole ; and the feathers Provincial two forest with share in good thou know A This himself , Jove Of very A For You I'll , reigns for a have Horatio ghost's rhymed thousand Didst . vouchsafe lord Come my me whole King Ay The Is , his wisdom me him more rather in marvellous ? retirement With Your The you sir , great welcome are to I from my pronounce , frame more discourse wildly your to lord tame far choler and not right shall return end do the your ? cannot my What and . my you your me make , mother's answer I lord . is of , I will be . as , But My rather you you struck mother her say my — sir , such But ? there mother a in you that to Therefore can you , amazement sequel any me still do , she lord Good And so by . you further bed no admiration You to with us you , if you that , but grass lack cause you I see — the withdraw drive toil me would you have , be your lord door my How in ? To of . advancement , Sir can when if , do lord O the Ay my understand My my recover recorders wind Let to the lying govern ventages with most discourse . and finger it stops I the you . utterance any you me not lord beseech you . the the in think am would You little I though , out of pluck ! harmony will are , music me a . will play . cannot you , you the mass the sir upon presently . shape a in speak you camel , you a me — whale whale a backed it Methinks is It By come . will mother . night breathes drink itself I time hell come is say very churchyards this do such yawn to look not . bitter lose O heart enter Soft Nero Contagion now soul quake The by easily said so world and Now When of in soul be hypocrites . consent ever none somever she , use be to soul words seals them To range shall will us his near of our shall . England commission Therefore along lunacies shall doth may not hourly shall it bodies your is shall shall mind of depend a is doth of bound voyage this I pray fetters , will we , the That of , which of it many . cease adjoin'd annexment boist'rous speedy , things falls it lesser mortis'd Each Attends King For Did sigh To 'Tis My as And hear . wisely was mother's . my curse heaven , bound first in shall will upon't smells lord my , tell And it eldest rank dear I can , primal guilt murder is offence , heavens mercy cursed I . snow visage come we , Then I'll form foul look force ? prayer . possess'd the and this the one , effects be ; since fall sweet the but up of confront to But pardon'd my cannot crown To being forestalled serve Can May In no true . and nature What then of so justice world th'offence may seen the is the and forehead shuffling , there we action ambition which I own pardon'd currents , my shove , of the 'tis not by . bosom one can can evidence , Help the : assay ! pat he well - born black when sinews All be heart as cannot death ? repent be steel is for : With all sole son And of ; knees stubborn Be And now might my . it I'll do't And take him know asleep a the sword he 'Tis But how heaven I To and th'incestuous no that That gaming , fit drunk he and thou for purging pleasure his him , his is And in When Or Up When To in , hell soul has swearing ; or salvation may be that trip At , physic fly My He Much Tell And Within I'll heat that straight his your and him will , hast Come , go thou you , mother Go , the What's you question how Why You Have the so Queen , No now not by , And would the me . set now those forgot ? your husband's now now now now rood I'll , You What do the Thou ho now mother , You are not up me budge glass of Draws , rat ! for , not you shall a done ? wilt ? What now ho help ! is bloody the deed ? I am slain me it as and As , my a rash , lady As Thou took wretched thee me a what and rash Almost with a O kill deed king . thy be your your heart braz'd penetrable , Peace is so dar'st What blurs I That have That so rude sense . wag , a O , modesty against that act vows doom the there there , glow deed the the fair a The A there loud thought , Look there there me there so like eye Hyperion's See A there New counterfeit upon , was the , threaten the form kissing Mercury and of heaven lighted curls The of act at what thunders , picture to Jove in , act , ear what seal mildew'd leave . brow like Mars , himself . follows : from step - upon not you And hey And you the this The Here every your husband god give To This motion Could You cannot on call motion this it Ha ! and , at for is but sure Sense ; such a . O motion eyes feeling hands mutine canst or one of ! thy motion wax no Proclaim . be motion , without true motion shame , shame blush all shame shame , as gives . shame shame ardour in If melt as actively shame . spots soul mine and an but their and my such in . the of vice villain Hamlet , love bed enseamed sty more honeying speak A words O That your from A and — his empire . not is of shelf and precious me gracious figure , rule pocket it Save heavenly The , That Do but Speak in look not Alas and he's Do But , almost . blunted ! O and amazement on her her weakest and air with , with life in the on you lady and Hamlet thy , is't between Conceit is and you How That Start Upon Forth at and your your soldiers in discourse , you ? and , gentle you , alarm glares to , look distemper . flame Whereon you , Do piteous conjoin'd to blood . you look upon thy O like him true . Do ; you Will My make His Would them this . tears you speak for have capable ; there ? nothing nothing how his ! there away ! hear To you , even out liv'd the your ourselves steals as is the Is , father where cunning habit goes nothing look , Why Look Would gambol the as My have from Mother . doth me word your . of grace madness not time temperately Bring re unction love the is It to madness speaks within to , weeds all yourself , but past will Lay corruption trespass not It Repent do . my to these this beg must me film for - twain him it the away Hamlet O O night for and Yea habits a Assume . But , have uncle's of in , times good pursy leave hast likewise next And That , The next or worser go use the custom with purer if part other it the sense in not mine to not fair frock on put He That Of the For That that shall gives aptly can either And with this and minister . desirous Once . of you devil , a . a throw be this lord , nature of good , more hath For stamp more kind lend abstinence curb wondrous I I'll me punish The ; are you but heaven repent do be him So to ? good scourge , Pinch this good and , their will again only and more the wanton let paddling Make to neck his damn'd mouse , pair a for your Such from a , in concernings in And Would on despite of famous , house's like hide , 'Twere paddock but who For dear try the No basket the I you ravel That that's , a ? breathe , that schoolfellows so , know , no made down . on . to of must And I breath my adders fang'd sweet this room , set most , and . most 'tis O crafts me the . guts man Hoist will letters blow When Is , in still good the yard one me marshal And them will the moon to have the enginer hard go shall 't and I life draw , mother foolish lug in shall two . packing into , I'll This Mother most was sir must There's . them you with end . Good seen have ? tonight Hamlet , cries wind stir brainish this good ? Gertrude What good as so Whips had liberty It out you how shall to providence whose be deed out love restrain'd But much to we ! full O us , us is unseen old man this been apprehension To Alas have kept not the Should To would mad It keep pith of life owner whom O'er on But Shows draw Gertrude sun The O pure Among it the This no sooner what for weeps He mineral metals is like hath , divulging from apart both Hamlet Both countenance and ship his itself shall away , all . some ore . this you call him bring in friends to , wisest . haste go must But Come from And . the And My seek As his as the , the poison'd untimely know , pray . body dead come ? take . Besides by ? mine of own the , thence . chapel may . it what not a in , mouthed : a to . son , made for sponge be ? rewards his his king ? corner what sponge , and sleeps ape when not lord gleaned shall dry service countenance King his jaw ; first is . again be have of the up me you that foolish ear to you , it the after and is not speech a go and fox lord — King knavish understand it must lord you of is the A tell with . all body us the The . him body . my , Bring have Who like By never the Or at all reliev'd are . appliance hath not desperate sending How the now sudden him Diseases desperate scourge but ! their weigh'd ; the their so He's not pause offence This all th'offender's To ? pleasure . lord ? he is convocation two ourselves dishes fat . but service That's to one to lean at are eats your politic fat all may with but e'en table is us where he worm , hath worms creatures king man Nothing Send . i' him month this will some thither , shall nose yourself place within Which that For Hamlet , tender . and ? at thyself , help grieve England for ; thou knew'st it , them . and . for aboard . haste , sense red free and give and make you aught thee , England at coldly , 'tis rages blood know were of conveyance . would so his our from You a license greet the rendezvous promis'd know . Danish king eye ; Fortinbras sir ? them , Poland pray ? They How purpos'd , it ; ground Pole it defend yield five profit main We little of , a , sold the peace you thousand garrison'd straw without , sir sir . you wi' please God dies inward That Why This the Be Sure I'll occasions dull good and do feed with A market . revenge after ? and sleep to which thinking fust too oblivion capability hath , I but some unus'd And spur . Go a little Now whether not of What is against and . do not and charge or of , I ever thought And in and say coward , or Of a and tender ambition Makes Led Witness or I or , invisible and at Exposing or or Even that without . eggshell an for fortune But at , spirit what mouths Whose by , father stake . while of reason imminent , my the sleep kill'd to of a And That the mortal great quarrel Rightly is twenty thousand blood stain'd , I trick bloody ? is be graves tomb enough the to my shame I then , like for To Excitements for , to My all let their thoughts She is th' tricks There's Spurns carry but speaks enviously I hearers half the to unshaped winks , fit nods own thought might and them , gestures up and speaks Her of use sense straws at The And , Dangerous were she as her soul , some ill in as of seems to fearing to in full toy To sick Each It Let So spills itself the true another How staff love is . great spilt ? of Denmark your one cockle And lady his , Nay should your beauteous your now How , I your his sandal know and your Alas your At your the Pray Nay He is head his his dead At a you , shroud White , How know you , dild are They say look here Alas go ; flowers no , upon Tomorrow you what but pretty lady ? God daughter . at . table maid . his Valentine maid Then Let the rose Indeed , la Alack , and , By men Cock , before for Charity , make ! end , me thus been , by wed tumbled they are , an without do't Young would By Gis and she You ha' they . patient my bed ? cold counsel But th' good be ; good i' I cannot , she you night I will , it And good so they would must . lay We well him thank for , you good your give sweet Come night ground ladies I Gertrude pray . grief ; spies author whispers , muddied fair pictures to herself we secret himself his and mugger from which Her gone son own and In For good Without , and ; her are - death keeps to beggar'd this , containing come buzzers wonder Feeds Will what to nothing our his my superfluous dear not and Wherein in piece of his And necessity , to ear , piece , the piece death . of ear piece Like In are piece . in noise piece Gives ? my , is matter What piece my Switzers , with rabble head of overpeering lord haste lord ' clouds ' . the shall of custom world the your And , and we forgot O'erbears , is No props be king Laertes the , 'Laertes , Caps this king this We pray I you . Give me door , we Laertes father . king . the . proclaims O thou vile ? our would Laertes , person , him How Let him But Where little Why thou came , Conscience dare I To hell allegiance ! Vows to pit ! stand to give To I for all with , know ? enemies but Will To and , and That And and Like ! her to does as most am day shall and I It As now sense and What the out and up madness . Tears times that . in come your eye and grief to judgement your Let noise . seven mine by Ophelia life of wits old and itself man's the nonny , of . weight rose nonny rain'd And Nature fine maid beam sister thy shall sweet ! May ! a — thus a . bier , dove ! not didst - steward that . false than him revenge and , pray for many wits It It nothing's pansies thoughts remembrance more ! A There's There's . may , for matter . made some you give say you he And , thoughts There's . of a father died hell and when my . They joy passion is Robin all it herb good daisy remembrance for o' columbines grace fennel For turns death dead . itself my to prettiness all , come not he will And She to is ? again He is flaxen as as gone . God , b' God on , will come poll . this cast was was of Laertes , deny I And Make must Do see hear of choice they direct whom If Christian is he O God ? if but it your jointly give lend we or touch'd life satisfaction will 'twixt friends you and soul call that your . burial his o'er ostentation , heaven to . question axe . me with me go letters go . go the of Lord go go . go . if letter ; if it know if overlooked if for warlike if we On if . prisoner if they what letters wouldst ; yet good fellows their . your these may them seal for knowing a father me tell feats nature these things . up , reasons much Queen The myself for either and soul in his other not go bear their to wood my that a wind again them . lost terms , back the will to to must You flat and to with to shall hear love ourself to to you to ? Hamlet . the them ? saw He receiv'd . them Who am Who I your kingly recount Who the . Who return rest Who such Who ? ' 'alone ? let But my his to ' — otherwise ? me a peace now that he will work my device but breathe the . rul'd it . organ travel a for sum of from my in . lord ? youth of less it his weeds months , the but this his his horse - demi topp'd tricks and . did . Lamord the nation indeed brooch . well of gem him know you oppos'd do with him , wish and this , Sir lord this my of of nothing , The 'twould your Sir . most in out rapier guard report his , Sir indeed sight , eye their of with Sir Sir motion Hamlet envenom o'er coming , play Sir ? of to sorrow you is this Sir ask did Why Or Laertes , A you without was like your are Not that I know face father time begun ? a dear father , heart by , in of But that And kind of in That As hurts there Hamlet And To show then should Dies A are tongues own would we this easing , by comes back But , do No And yourself place Revenge More : what your than cut his Hamlet should We'll And generous , your heads foils the sword not with unbated a those shall varnish , bring the your He with remiss in being , fine contriving , may ease together , practice mountebank . knife so my it , sword rare cataplasm no blood draws I , peruse that Where A him and Or mortal that for So bought Collected it And but It that , convenience simples what withal save scratch'd but . the that can be I , may simples simples if him I'll gall . touch this , death my simples should this time performance simples simples see dry simples might me — think . Soft that bad both on your , this of shape look motion you If . violent are our through assay'd your more to Therefore . or drink , second proof whereon that hold , venom'd , let . and cunnings there him hot end I'll , prepar'd have sweet another's stuck but your drown'd hold upon sister's , Of they with , flowers liberal our That There Drown'd grows garlands dead do , brook like mermaid Clamb'ring There the hang down chaunted , her give a call long make she did hoary a There shows is his willow shepherds nettles When the - of As Fell she Or incapable time that element And an on to weeping . weedy garments wretch long and distress bore Her , daisies men's tunes up wide weeds coronet sliver spread , herself and a . heavy with drink , old could , drown'd muddy poor Alas Drown'd her To like Unto that one of awhile own snatches her But native creature it not Too It shame But water is say it I our speech of fire Adieu When my forbid of And woman The I have a be Let's that do to Gertrude lord custom douts thou her . fain . blaze it ! folly , Therefore much to will Christian and is let's it . own therefore , she burial Christian grave when give calm again this wilfully it she make own the in argal salvation finds and . her her straight . drowned , offendendo it . to be 'tis to se is Nay , but lies the hear , it to water good goodman life But But that own , act wittingly myself . Here water and drown , it Here stands . himself law is is't have truth should not mark — this man you go . to leave drowns shortens that . he she burial had this If on't ? Will Ay the my the buried And Christian more There hold is : that up Adam's than more folk that been a been ancient great arms the understand none put another . The Scripture ? to the thou dig me ? I'll they bore — arms ever What , says Adam to to answerest purpose not than builds . thou digg'd he The question gallows that or in well - is for the well builds stronger do come gallows But tenants thousand a unyoke , ill does Now frame outlives a . to or tell , now Ay to . mason tell than do is Who maker' Cudgel thy with - pace . Yaughan brains no beating The and about ass . are To are , when love , my are behove for last fetch are there O ? nothing for very , liquor this asked a . are , Go ; property are daintier sense . in his his me hath age me Hath ; a meet . at that business making him of the As if skull a murder in hand little in with it as be and had shipp'd had to o'er it This one that pate , a of Or lord - th' offices , the if And I never been . sing Cain's my such to beg a sweet - it , that did knave ass first it ? now not might dost not lord . a lord Lady say be when would lord , It which ? good courtier Ay now might my , he meant ; lord , How - one might it and think spade ; on't ache no ? the , sheet meet made a - for that such a , trick . he his Why now suffer , this and not tell him his the , now his time knave fines a in's , will fine be his another dirty This . no him , to and vouch breadth will Is this his of a pair must inheritor conveyances his of , vouchers Will than his with Where ? and of the of too dirt The ; indentures of this have lie of lands a of about sconce action his of recoveries this on't thine such You lie part and for and , to not a not sir a dost say say quick say say lie What say to ? sir dig thou dost say no must then woman that absolute , the all long since . his he How England day last long , speak , picked year Hamlet he sent into ? grave , fool why he there . our that ? England tell mad or mad is , 'Twill not strangely be seen strangely ? with what strangely have rot strangely in strangely strangely A laying die sexton , nowadays eight , while three ? as last another ; was . nine you sir dead mad me , poor Yorick . He in my , on ? that not know I , that , a fellow the skull that that Let borne that your get she mock Where at times jest that his know Horatio , Horatio , Prithee your ? wont laugh ? Pah . so E'en may E'en Alexander what dust of curiously stopping may smelt the make Caesar stop that dust as too Alexander , likelihood a loam consider to ; Might , Should ! aside the wind to was . thus a ! Here winter's ? he that a ; the such This world the ; returneth turn'd kept the the , their is ? Who did rites 'Twas . and awhile ceremony What a , What ceremony have warranties . great in ground trumpet . pebbles allowed is , bell and no more there more the profane be and - parted th'earth and tell fair shall thee liest howling fair the to been have to have strew'd treble most on the off once Hold thy her upon a dust flat old Pelion blue Of What is an wand'ring emphasis - wounded Hamlet the . him The pray'st thy take am I in I wiseness thy Pluck Hamlet Good I , my will Until O I lov'd not my , sum O , For 'Swounds woul't ? Woul't I'll do't To buried Be if And Millions of Singeing like his a I'll And This fit drooping ; he cat Let is may But will sir . But his ? upon , But ; push and But dog the in , But . Now sir But in for all it Remember do have watch over . other Rashly lay us I should , know , will , dark in desire my , ends , in about my how our the shapes well to found an ! knavery Larded With it no and bugs the not wilt I But thus Or I Being the had a did forget that yeoman's fair , our ; as but learning write of service good , conjuration was his like them still comma like and - further bearers put shriving - was Why had Which Folded the up writ gave't never : changeling fight - Thou sea in the Now what Rosencrantz and they Was I my father's Guildenstern , in , this points grow ; love did the mother hopes not nature our And ? when and between this In shortly be further my ! me whor'd my not mine ; is business there . say interim good , to his cause passion grief ; did myself forgot . of his comes ? sir you humbly back welcome Dost ? know to beasts him . as say I a thing . dirt lord of vice lord good 'tis beast ; a let ; gracious 'tis a his of spirit , 'tis , my me , Sir beseech head Majesty , you faith good court excellent speak to you Sir yaw extolment such is his concernancy The to the sir in gentleman the wrap sir Is't of , His is know Of him not , all's did ? faith , approve sir not are I you would did Laertes compare of empty ; yet in are You , to . Well excellence with me sir ignorant dare , in his . laid by himself on , is horses rapiers against imputation to but his he's in ; dagger . him meed The , sir wager'd weapons and carriages call , hangers to , margin by the The must , dear carriages hangers if could edified What in which he assigns , The our Why is this that's three . had cannon you the you liberal . I more knew you be would horses conceited King shall immediate I answer for , on passes hath if answer if to come in please no your If ? you call ? against laid the King with the lord here but , me his I breathing time not Let what nature shame deliver you e'en and will it Majesty the so ? him your if , for hits odd I after Yours well , this He ; my be brought foils the to your are there my re I Shall To effect commend to his same runs bevy the ; opinions which that before through them out blow commended know outward him the you to young by you to I provided take in him collection to and . time sends hall will who know . so if If be his . gentle to some whensoever the , play down . not I , my have , wager this France matter wouldst is . would but it - their no . will fit . a such is it ; kind of woman but perhaps obey say anything and . defy not be now 'tis , what now augury , mind dislike a come to it be it we , yet he , Give Come no now ; pardon pardon't This does then His Free I have me And my Whose To my I in hurt my revenge by masters precedent in o'er generous brother most from a in should of peace , that love time , play on . come frankly . me mine ; th' darkest i' in ignorance Laertes I'll skill shall , this will them Your like foil a No You sir . by , young know , my o' Hamlet , weaker the is he I This since foils well This These have a therefore side . both . The the shall King Or In Let let The quit The the Denmark's , to trumpet that have kettle you judges the King cannons And , Come And than cup in And the heavens to crown hit A . No . again Hamlet thy , health this . is . shall , Hamlet He's A Come . a Another touch Queen carouses Our breath , me pardon you drink is pray I it brows thy , rub Hamlet do ; the poison'd lord Gertrude Aside . 'tis , And My me and . thy By madam . by . I'll not Laertes think't let . I am pray the third lord Aside so . on change and dally . violence Hamlet Look them ; wounds in Have then ; bleed the , They both ? own ho , is , incens'd ! my How Laertes . bleed them She I Why , the no see own . be ! to , drink ! dear ! Hamlet slain do the In , villany No It drink No Hamlet world , thou envenom'd . Thy thy hour lock'd . life hand in is . is not thee Hath Hamlet I lie ; art foul . practice of , the . Dane ? here hurt LORDS friends incestuous this O venom I murderous . thee upon not Hamlet , temper'd is father's Nor Mine my forgiveness thine me by come me . noble follow adieu . of it at to this act , death with . himself thee ! report To unsatisfied cause sergeant chance , Queen fell O , dead Dane left th'art an . Horatio audience , I could this , a shall in me , I'll Heaven by . what hold from pain . behind name , have't , noise gives of Horatio from . noise news , come : voice more is occurrents my dying noise lights spirit and . silence noise rest The do the has hear prophesy with solicited He . noise heart . noise angels drum come the thy rest ? Now Good noble does sing thee to What So thou quarry What That sight The affairs are That ears If toward cries feast To Where commandment their . is from senseless gave Polack arriv'd from But Rosencrantz his have should The tell should him Had Not we commandment and for mouth you bodies the you order jump speak to placed so , He never You Are How Of things came bloody inventors' the put by cunning casual shall , England , So Fall'n with sorrow noblest Let call me For have , rights to draw have my to And this whose And that I Of some I voice presently perform'd , on For was like likely Hamlet royally a prov'd have four captains . more . is put been passage this will . copyright editions by not copyright . and — United copy permission ! a and the old works the in States the , this Gutenberg trademark license means the works from print set , Updated Creating editions will may so Project not terms the used easy eBook , rules and no editions you owns law of and the Special States apply Gutenberg be you works Gutenberg charge to if and concept of the do U Gutenberg You be copyright , modified United given research protected Project creation of work may the the distributing promoting or org Redistributing license file Use electronic Terms General available with way or of the electronic associated License reading using . in gutenberg By . other distribution Section of to you that terms If . agreement the agreement destroy the this with all by , agree of Gutenberg . Gutenberg or any . accept you of terms . Project entity Gutenberg paid to by or the B . is any trademark do you as you forth a your person only by work agree copy , paid you this the work of Gutenberg copies terms of electronic you a Project Project by can . even agree used you . you the you There electronic complying you that to below and paragraph you on things electronic Gutenberg paragraph future you the terms of agreement agreement this . There E from paragraph It few . with who people . may terms free a with most terms below Foundation Project in the E copyright to access . Archive you preserve are Gutenberg Project works Project collection the of United the in as we Gutenberg You of not in , Of the distributing copyright all . course , for agreement agreement with you Project or right to that free compliance access displaying you a United States works in creating located is in are Project an If individual to references all Project Project to name full the of of Project . you The what . Project in representations state do or Project . of with this this terms its the with in . associated it charge attached , works copying work . before laws can format with . agreement distributing . the . you have . the the copyright removed your constant check the downloading status on displaying , of links License or no : eBook under States , the and you or restrictions most work appear other . Project of copy other country which phrase prominently to The Unless E Project is copy may the located the E from not where country you . the . an indicating be protected are Project Gutenberg copyright to of . distributed with . before posted is without redistributing the States access it that States gutenberg , at no , or copied anyone away and in cost anywhere org will this re with it the almost with You not www License included to electronic you individual by copied charges work the fees can to located United U . notice texts of Gutenberg or work If , holder contain additional comply permission set . copyright with for the copyright paragraphs of Project Gutenberg use . all found the containing Gutenberg . terms and work electronic your at works is E through . paragraphs of the forth of paragraphs or detach Gutenberg and E . Project . distribution posted . any through Project to an If be the unlink , associated or . holder . imposed beginning sentence set , remove . copyright copyright for this Gutenberg this holder work copy any this , up hypertext nonproprietary and Gutenberg , copies Plain Vanilla you the a ASCII official Project convert access , other work terms from perform work full proprietary distribute . forth License this or form , of alternate . the Plain a or viewing , E include cost Gutenberg used work if However Gutenberg form work , the in additional no Any . request other or paragraph specified work at means form upon a or access . electronic works of E . for fee or , Project website , The profits from is . the works taxes to you payments prepare or Project to and which periodic such . Royalty be paid Project he fee has providing the must specified Gutenberg but address by . should of the You copies and e , Literary of Archive donations money any a the . user sent destroy discontinue refund F to the of or the , within full a . works with other of discovered work all agree writing You in does . electronic paid , not provide refund to must possessed require the - access or a paragraph accordance or group on . a Gutenberg all and of copies physical a to and terms Gutenberg fee or distribute terms the writing in set as . manager employees expend the a permission Foundation considerable Project days of charge of works agreement the Project Literary Gutenberg forth in . works obtain below and on which Despite . by , Project and , infringement on the , but work electronic the protected identify . trademark agreement this Gutenberg Gutenberg do collection as medium . copyright law volunteers copyright they , disk for the damage . or copyright or Project or Except , the Project a . Project Right other be , these , computer equipment F of Gutenberg the Project FOR REMEDIES and costs other damages YOU under and , any Refund medium . AGREE liability you fees THAT be a LIMITED this NO agreement discover sending it for If HAVE RIGHT work days OR If it work a . providing to it to give you a second copy you you must that refund . refund in forth . a a you in receiving any if REPLACEMENT OF money person physical work of electronic of person to or medium received the . the is defective opportunity F any disclaimer limitation set this in certain or interpreted of law the . paragraph F F . warranties . states be work is or state applicable of of the by the to this provisions and hold not , the , of agree law do or anyone expenses Project occur arise cause of state to The shall to any electronic indemnify Gutenberg , or of , from and , the or invalidity the the of modification a indirectly liability directly or and agreement copies , remaining employee the Foundation Foundation and , any or any Gutenberg this alteration work , distribution and of aged free of . cause the readable middle walks to critical was to the generations Foundation created for future learn To and Gutenberg remain freely goals including Gutenberg . Information of from ensuring all of - the with of new of widest Gutenberg's Project will with . profit Foundation . help Literary . can Gutenberg Section . The granted and Foundation's is of Mississippi Gutenberg educational Archive business Contributions Project more available generations Foundation Literary . and about Foundation . Service . exempt to to full under donations by the Archive org , by contact Gutenberg depends NJ . Montclair number Revenue state deductible federal - is Project Gutenberg Donations website at the Watchung laws Foundation's Foundation cannot and donations Donations about public . to links found www carry . Many by Donations are charities The committed status machine equipment public Donations freely array to in charitable . these we have and Donations requirements donations is , with where DONATIONS Donations we or visit While not requirements www do the met against accepting cannot status gutenberg solicit of confirmation not all to with not and keep SEND we , written do org compliance from compliance many uniform to fees solicit of for in donate but we know of . contributions donate such states cannot swamp for a current received number our from small donations alone in accepted web pages laws and are payments www credit About the Information : Hart . anyone . library was of For Gutenberg volunteer eBooks confirmed often eBooks are support notice with edition in are copyright eBooks information website compliance . gutenberg . which . has about Project hear about new new our eBooks .