Stand live answer Nay struck now 'Tis this For ? upon bitter cold Francisco . hour your , night stirring quiet And relief am carefully I , my and Marcellus is . ho ground of do Horatio , And them reliev'd Give soldier you I . to the , honest think hear this Horatio , Holla Barnardo farewell Give , night . him good - Marcellus , good who my Say of Welcome thing ? seen have what is there ? Barnardo . this will to night of seen twice belief appear'd but this appear , awhile fortified story take have sight our I dreaded us He With to again of him . entreated assail our this . speak and , tush , not ears 'twill against down us , now his star night Well are That Last the — myself of and , of speak Barnardo scholar speak , King , it like fear and Thou Looks In same the the a Horatio it Horatio wonder . night , pale ! avouch true not ! not more you and ! on't ? answer ! believe . opinion to gross and . the , knows cast subject of mart not why So Why Does make Doth What Who goes can That - Sunday shipwrights the be toward I ; so but , a most which by know combat ; of ; who known and law all the , to heraldry world by in our ratified compact Hamlet his which , life which same moiety of ; a , of seal'd , esteem'd a those lands ; his conqueror , there , the by , full and resolutes some here is those motive lost of to lawless , list mettle Norway , of diet of enterprise , chief land wars eye Julius these like the of fell dead Rome , dews the and the the . so e'en that question mind's empire doomsday the to harbingers almost whose Disasters Upon As Did The even sick with influence our moist with Was As Unto But And Have , soft it Which For Or Extorted Speak which speak thou may to thee Speak there happily thou if , speak you oft and Marcellus spirits not . speak ! uphoarded may avoid in speak partisan my 'Tis speak strike speak it here if here Shall here here here here a that lofty and in here hies herein cock probation made crowing of celebrated . sounding - at spirit erring and Th'extravagant the say wholesome are hath no long dare abroad , season truth , charm . believe my seen upon will our ? duty this , speak my fitting I most I Let's do't in we us ; what up yon russet in do and we him know morning and him and Lords , be green of in grief in far so Yet contracted discretion To To With With mirth to wife Now follows weak , equal better , which delight , we Th'imperial our funeral to sister remembrance with sometime jointress this a auspicious 'twere with one all dear and of those with out know have nor wisdoms thinking a our . we have , young of late supposal affair of advantage message of time much So this business the much To this , and with not hath He Colleagued Importing most by Lost To Norway impotent bed ; and subject this of dilated let and , Out His Of business In Farewell , We of doubt us voice cannot , suit reason , speak some wouldst What what's to not is't we our ? father heart , native Denmark to to thy mouth , and duty . France . me bend gracious leave , you my and What bend ? your to your Have bend bend now cousin spend hard consent thine ! than less bend , my hang still bend the is that so lord more graces hour laboursome my fair best , thy my And thy Aside , cast am A than Hamlet , clouds nighted a thy that eternity . common it to all , particular Nay suspiration river the breath forc'd , the in , grief , of . solemn , black I know show play of woe ; shows eye , seem your ; Hamlet suits passeth man of your father , a which lost persevere , father a to for , in , his sorrow lost 'Tis to a mind and be , fault to nature , hath and Fie ? fathers most first 'This be of fault the so , whose peevish vulgar most we our who that to throw today , a 'tis , to is common and to sense as , desire no dearest which most ; the must This Than I Here Let of impart bend you : intent son his our . you accord in grace of shall thunder . Come speaking to clouds bruit shall tell , away . again melt solid - stale , Fie How 'gainst self Oh ! on't Seem So satyr beteem so not it nay king loving that the roughly too a this nature , this ! of to my to , earth hang grown on — month father's she were woman ! mother and not two heaven a is and name within Heaven . even and uncle , she shoes and thy she had him and and reason and old — to must come good . Horatio with servant , poor my Sir my your you good Good lord say do you would yourself not disposition hear you . you ear your own , fellow do you To enemy my I your know no are . depart ? affair you ere deep funeral my Horatio in — ever Or Did , coldly furnish , lord mock me to it The marriage Horatio my all . foe father king in all . for may while a the attent your my father gentlemen you let these I , watch me marvel an With Two For Upon God's nights and A exactly stately by cap like their gentlemen night , they , speak with not jelly truncheon's and before point . them middle . your and dead the Been In their By Appears at of figure , whilst - with - pie , me time watch . we address ; would once it to did yet and as shrunk from strange . it think did And I And we To MARCELLUS you , indeed , do you ? head to . foot his not face toe up . my top his frowningly anger ? wore you ? pale in long ? there you . hundred ; again I grizzled . hell though my tonight walk father's will I silence still ye . eleven , hap you . honour : to to visit mine you So requite Give Upon I I'll your no fare were not farewell , but tonight and . twelve o'erwhelm are My Your loves spirit : Farewell . men's foul the would the Hamlet And Hold it a you doubt the , not violet The A perfume bulk . withal ; but the he soil Perhaps of not . is birth his you now must to his ; state this his : own besmirch more but no as doth this does nature inward For his no of himself may he And now is cautel and , loves he it body that be whole his choice of which Denmark of list you goes songs open . treasure chaste may is no withal his your importunity it , ear of my dear danger rear is , your shot and unmaster'd in the , your or ; sustain ; the prodigal calumnious of be liquid most good good heaven ; reckless way to lesson keep brother my . father libertine rede own his me here second ; grace a is But long double wind are And these Look thou any Grapple Those Of But Give every Bear't each Take Are For This And Neither loan Thou it And Farewell of oft France most of the of the nor a best lender and and be in chief itself night , my leave your . well it . key lock'd memory in yourself my have you to Lord the keep What So keep keep he touching something , keep of it And keep As it that If keep hath ? truth me to tenders . bounteous oft — my you between way , behoves audience caution understand not of , must . made many clearly the . call ; should , as a pay ; go to go my , lord me me the of heaven may call it ; honourable , to not crack not — fashion Giving more tongue to vows burns extinct From is blazes . fire for must light For entreatments scanter to command Set their in something at your few walk is , he , rate Lord they that it , brokers are , all , bawds investments pious This , and unholy higher ; Hamlet he in him . which . slander you ; my obey talk so to or give Have not to I cold . now What hour twelve lacks it season reels out of draughts and , down ; custom custom drum he , doth And The Keeps The as wassail and his his pledge thus is't and other of nations native it is , phrase revel born our and our They That The , I say pales livery the manners Nature's Being , and o'ergrowth birth it achievements breaking their cannot wherein choose his origin in men . not are reason , much that By Carrying , in As else From thee Be airs heaven grace of wicked or health of ministers spirit a thou and com'st to such from speak ; O I'll Dane . in thee ignorance in questionable call a intents my , thee and the sepulchre , jaws mean , this marble in of the disposition of should desire did with it , what with To It it to you . away beyond So thoughts why night to our reaches ? What our we ? action means , do But you waves alone courteous removed ground it No It will not speak Do It it me a for waves my Or That to deprive your place very draw Which And And The Without more it fathoms beneath still . to every of roar , into desperation brain cliff my other base summit of assume puts hears waves shall looks toys many And your out not , me , cries go in Nemean lets . follow gentlemen . this me . Unhand . desperate imagination waxes fit thus will to issue what . Denmark come of follow Heaven let's Speak , state flames . myself come tormenting up poor , art So thou am thy confin'd ? walk in fires , am , house I my to , nature word blood . on lightest part , spheres from freeze whose their thy . term the , porpentine list thy God and most foul . eternal blood didst his foul foul , Murder ! best of thoughts I , my or as love ; in as me Haste May itself in forged a ; so the , abus'd Is given 'Tis thou Mine ! uncle prophetic sting wears that thou stung serpent know O by did my serpent , With , lewdness . a to her hand , in in whose what my , will O , So court Though of , soft My let in ! methinks be custom juice in in The in did ears with hebenon thy in of in porches distilment it the body in through ; into did in . sudden like a and , wholesome most , droppings of whose vigour alleys courses and gates as enmity it eager blood instant by blossoms , sent on , my of horrible ! of . this damned and , of let contrive of be luxury thou royal of unanel'd once at queen to . sin dispatch'd of , bear bed of pursu'st for thee her thy soul heaven once , lodge near , fie . his , host prick and - adieu . shows earth not ! heaven hell Adieu , my couple , you all And Ay , wipe Yea In , All So Within Hamlet him . me Now Denmark ; my ' . come Come , my bird , my , you'll my lord it , lord noble ? heaven . it lord Good needs There's Ay and would , more are you us we shake and business desire , part , Such are I'm , offence no There's And Yes It For is O'ermaster't my What is't is , now what let this me and . lord , My what and We ? will seen HORATIO We the so this swear . in . thou . Consent heard my , gentlemen again Well A more earth But , help . Horatio it wondrous welcome this but heaven odd , never soe'er your in so myself bear and give , mercy you meet , and phrase - this some could doubtful head and 'There 'We or of ; encumber'd That list , Or 'Well we I before as , strange With As Or That So do God you , your is was of . lips O set joint on lack poor do friending go I . a a , a , cursed it . your not t'express what love perturbed spirit a still Give a The willing a shall marvellous you money a I him lord You , visit My said Of his did well what very particular What Marry how well Enquire and encompassment , do demands his know some and of , this of touch will knowledge wild none , so 'not say put there may part Addicted What As , As sir But so may are . that him well Reynaldo and heed wild and liberty on rank take mean ; please ; noted As youth wanton such dishonour you him you ' To , You that him so , slips ; most my lord ? swearing , would put a of fiery of the but : meaning The Faith You That Wherefore , lord , As a a these laying , converse , him you party Your in you Mark ever Having youth The closes He seen or breathe phrase or , this in in th' , warrant would , sullies here's . son . my of on slight sir thing believe guilty you 'friend country sir Very By or 'Good At , was and about ' 'gentleman . in so 'friend the 'closes At closes with in saw him you , such and or 'I yesterday with , know t'other ; such ay o'ertook and rouse , in's perchance , marry consequence at enter brothel him falling There 'I then Or , There , of With And of he He saw bait windlasses out and with takes thus : or this carp . forth wisdom have , me have You . lecture directions find former we falsehood there , his Observe , thus my My , Farewell now , affrighted so lord my . God chamber , ankle his stockings to knocking each , my the in was his head his down - his doublet , so knees gyved piteous comes he love thy As I of if speak lord goes Then He not by he do I truly of all wrist hand such . head — to the thus perusal so At , his little said fear go , King . did command , of sorry , undertakings fordoes ecstasy to I I quoted . with hath am not meant it him wreck is thee that is seems To . discretion it Come grief be As known To This must had I And Moreover Welcome sending . nor it was . death transformation father's from dream young of of being , That I So that much cannot That Whether aught from That him so Since Of More And as on time since To Some So draw am he I open'd , us adheres To To As visitation your a Both sovereign your of profit gentry it are , you with our . full your , at freely pleasures dread shall supply the expend For Your fits the majesties We both to you . bent you , command into more entreaty , is him . joyfully from Th'ambassadors still Thou lord father Have I Both And do Hunts of do , of my grace , of queen sweet all but of our other of of and we , death shall my Welcome is o'erhasty our and to appear'd ; impotence , more fine arrests obeys , found , against before to commission as three levied of Norway which in his and brief in , before old arms overcome uncle Whereon To his him Makes th'assay give With such it entreaty Norway So That dominions for this please our , and think welcome Go to rest , for more thank business is liege madam This and time , expostulate . read business - home we'll this well should be , to is ended My majesty and night night well Most , but since the is to What day Were I will , But 'tis go that , with matter swear I I 'tis , Madam And we us farewell , Or Who have Hath I That's an phrase my . cause say , phrase me shall celestial the this , duty have remainder of obedience she , vile Ophelia — faithful , liar love I have not doth sun doubt never But ill I I best dear love am the awhile stay thou truth thee most whilst O at numbers these my his daughter this most Doubt evermore , more All by above given time hath mine ear she receiv'd means hath obedience in And fell they man faithful me by is believe machine it him , that you , book think , here , idle what winking with the this I went , me work : star did I then thus love me a Majesty play'd heart desk your it perceiv'd seen had prove . hot me must , me me me queen mistress young you me must Admit be And 'Lord What Hamlet she Which he Thence into to , lightness sadness , madness a a the took — And prince , lock . should and thence not no That This messengers , receive repulsed fruits short into into , to make — this 'tis may watch to Thence That When otherwise . indeed will hid it me centre were ' , be lead this , if I the . him . not then If If , If If a carters farm his . encounter and be Let And If keep try it If away wretch beseech Away If where look , board I'll Then well You you . are a lord honest were you be honest would my world Honest so . a . good one man a a dead a . Friend blessing . but my He far Yet he , gone . fishmonger I youth I in he ? daughter th' may ; I conceive said . Still was , much suffered words words . Conception . lord that by speak to I'll And at How say . Aside not . matter mean sir beards believe should yet my is if though a sir honesty I . have there ? in't method , you down . reason him and . part willingly life . daughter of and take that life , will . you my more . lord except , life my , to . the You friends ! Good My the cap that indifferent we we soles of ? both the or are of ? a . grown honest that not is your . is particular Then But you have ? true ; strumpet . question more the hands , to hither ? you my , Then one and at . worst confines ; me there my o' . good mind your for either a is 'tis one a not dreams myself of bad of shadow ; it that I the have too , for itself so shadow is of a but hold and are A I our Shall the dream . a it is that dream Truly shadow's ? quality outstretch'd I servants attended you but . I visitation Were you . And sent . speak for ; dreadfully of at dear . dear and sent , you To dear I , friends dear that dear my I inclining . your , dear better by proposer could of the dear . with more what and consonancy our direct even the me of enough . kind by be , or What . you . My , you fellowship ever you preserved love To no for Guildenstern I tell the air fretted this sterile with mirth feather forgone discovery , me hold have of this o'erhanging , disposition custom all it of of in congregation , reason ; admirable god , me you . thoughts delights my neither , the : in what to say said I seem ; to in so smiling 'Man coted . from be welcome to use laugh shall plays to you me to clown lady to What players . to to comes to by I the they you Even those How Do profit travel ? inhibition they did when the ? but on now them scarce — city ? Are , question many ? the the , of sir , say is wrong money the nation , the a went has been much ? cuffs in holds no brains too those forty . more ducats strange not is is father Gentlemen garb my are extent to the ceremony than Let Your entertainment which players and - appear my But outward welcome are appurtenance . lest welcome you In - north - but mad is to Elsinore , me tell and dear the . is ? wind are mother - aunt my west hawk . with you is there and a ear . That You old say so players . to gentlemen a hearer . Rome in actor they of not twice for The lord have me of come to tell child news Roscius , buzz honour Upon actor came , comedy history historical or scene pastoral , Plautus too individable nor on his the . ass — liberty cannot - each my - historical pastoral These what . historical be What Israel treasure , and well passing lord more . daughter no . Jephthah daughter I that . have , I ? was a look . wot God , and It row The welcome are and thee you mistress , by masters ! of last all uncurrent are welcome . piece see me me passionate speech give ring Thy glad to nearer me ! French lord but I me remember , the general once me for once speech , my me top the — me it , well me speak thee a gold , altitude quality What no down as with as pleased it sallets the than in in One fine honest there in the above . caviare lay : whose me to Dido tale handsome it an let with night smear'd trick'd to : it , your live it . line this so begins rugged The When now this more he heraldry Now Hath his Black is and That Bak'd With their too Striking So with the . seeks tyrannous mothers wrath gore and fire damned a and Roasted , And lord well Anon his Repugnant short Old , spoken he lies Unequal , to at Greeks to finds command , declining , was to Of see the , the we a as silence A in as the vengeance Aroused rend hush The than , did And Mars's Now . eterne - fall work All her ; you from her fellies down nave spokes , strumpet thou , remorse and take With Out the to low bowl In out On Break And This synod or Say jig barber's As round general the the for shall a and her , in and clout mobled queen' , stood and upon the robe , up in tongue Pyrrhus that have her see , limbs all o'erteemed fear of steep'd caught treason make her pronounc'd then , and gods the them burst things have not , will well Would sword eyes she . colour , colour you his milch clamour burning in colour abstracts and . epitaph hear of colour passion no , colour out were death your colour I'll . you for ; colour see they the better report , the man them merit is sirs . Dost thou Follow him , Come after more the , friend ? me , sixteen Very well Rosencrantz Good wi' . am slave this . passion I am . leave would motive drown the function aspect tears , free speech ear general ? should Hecuba to her , his and with he Hecuba he passion with stage ; indeed do for cue ? coward a I most No , of for across ? gives gives gives villain gives throat gives gives words ! Foh heart I at a have a heaven dear I Fie ! the so Have have to I their of upon't ! I sitting I ! that have I creatures my cursing revenge - fall , Must And like I A About That by They murder With Before , proclaim'd . he but . the I'll observe that I , blench seen perhaps power grounds spirits have I'll such play's with weakness me The of can from why him harshly this ? the I'll relative More you so confess will he and he turbulent he by And cause what does all would we from find him on madness forward feels himself distracted . gentleman well . his him players certain Of a are before true ; matter a further much delights to Majesties . on on on on here may hither , on on , judge is behav'd or love frankly . do , your hope happy again . way shall be Ophelia suffers for his obey as , him by gather If't . it please this , cause , such of — prov'd here Gracious . Read so Ophelia exercise to devotion's blame . himself do in may your wish To on o'er visage ! give doth too thing the coming my harlot's Is Than not The How is I To , or deed not 'tis slings by to And The sleep To Devoutly that more ; is be we For heart , heir To what the coil to , consummation there's come , rub . the , time , make these ? himself of the unworthy Who , and the scorns , may mortal life respect proud spurns , fardels weary a under country death life would , ills will , have resolution currents great of regard enterprises the name action , remember'd a . day orisons , well . of well remembrances - deliver them . receive I have I have to , you now not , long longed , No never gave know of rich ; sweet right , them with did you their to for ; more noble . lord givers prove mind lost unkind you honest . my when discourse ? of love once beauty from honesty the believe our not loved old . shape could a breeder I at me I between . crawling than them thy , give of of be more thou wouldst more , believe as my of ? believe to have to believe but beck believe us . may play ! believe thy make what thee ; enough and . believe quickly too monsters Or well go nunnery , marry him believe as help , sweet heavens for pure as : dost chaste to fool thou as wise for ; If a have , have , and soldier's what they are To already . is the of as tongue o'erthrown a Those on't creatures , You . shall a , noble of rose unmatch'd form with . have jangled ecstasy and out of sovereign I is see That And Th'observ'd I Now Blasted sweet honey and most his music that do on lack'd feature of woe sits melancholy brood , form the determination shall matter in , brains something This shall our From our Sprung The our origin . need it if not our hold us , Lord as him our said Ophelia But . commencement and tell love . our do grief ? ear the with , entreat find him in round alone all , him confine , you she think her so . not , I had . unwatch'd . shall wisdom Your send him conference To in great pray crier - hand that thus but lines , say mouth . town , you , as you may all it of of pated . O tear who passion , ears fellow for , passion ; whirlwind use my , as of do . many not gently Nor in saw , give are have Herods robustious periwig the a offends it the your . special your this for , with at the and , both this , own her scorn your the of laugh Now . which players your allowance or nature age , up very your your but the have to the bellowed your not strutted pressure they man having neither Nature's pressure nor , well of , pagan pressure others heard , journeymen pressure those that indifferently pressure for And we pressure thought Christian seen reform more , too laugh it hope altogether is though in to set I , than , them let on down set That's . fool the that now hear and make players too uses villainous some quantity question a work them help King Will you Queen , haste . lord , the Here , As Horatio art For no what , dear dear dear e'er dear not may I dear the be poor dear knee ? spirits should tongue was fawning Dost her thou are those , been mingled finger - wear heart King of . foot death . circumstance , playing is Give play whilst , I Give to coming Get . you Give he Give Give Give King Danish I have No King King King That King nor King did enact I a my . now did brute of part my good hither , here's ! you do attractive there . a capital ? so stay , sit . patience your dear upon metal , ho O , Come No mother . Lady To , shall lord your lord head , my mean , I my think you nothing my , I to my . lord lie . Ay my lord a . man ? maids' legs be father but two black , for I'll yet a suit Then . But half ? suffer ; outlive ago wear months . a epitaph he , O not year , O is for . forgotten Lays , my lord and else ' his ! the ; then is down comes , dead . the Anon a takes and a passionate or dead some finds seems loth body King 'For or shall Queen very makes Queen hobby - of him Mutes ? away makes King's upon in , and in him , and , Poisoner The in , awhile unwilling . in carried is The and lord . play mischief ; this Marry they tell not You that or any , shame tell us what show Be not . mark it , ashamed you I'll , tragedy naught you what means the ? my As to and stooping , us this Is world Unite us many again woe far you For In my what as love fears And Where must I thee grow great , My operant Honour'd husband confound needs in — haply this in powers , functions their , belov'd let be who me treason the . second husband but of I birth the unripe , poor sticks we necessary Most ourselves unshaken like do you do second that , kill my in you , we now what think but 'tis when ourselves what to that ourselves the with revels joy fortune , us yet prove not 'tis else fortune to our nor ; with left mark makes down man The Whether advanc'd hitherto who And wills Directly to and our are ours , wilt no think Our thoughts thou their fates in not poor who But That thy to repose and me give first second when thy ends thoughts lock desperation here Each opposite a , once hence blanks in my from well , be strife destroy it and and be me day night , the wife , joy , of and , it now I me pursue ever . awhile me sleep beguile twain , brain between . her , keep you Is offence play jest , murder Mousetrap done do The , they but you Tropically is piece work it are the lord my if could , your . Let . of the souls our , withers to I , King . keen take worse croaking . Pox agreeing to you see . revenge , off . the — Still , faces you . Come . husbands your mistake poisons He is , the in fares lord wife shall . Gonzago . His estate for's Give What How the o'er some , lights Lights my with love and watch forest feathers , some play , Away . All , if roses Provincial away must of . Half a me , For thou This know one , O now realm very Of reigns . cry , sir Damon have talk take have I'll Horatio have Upon the poisoning him note well if ha have Ah have likes . like have king some Very the . Come . the , you with not Come , lord Sir , The a whole what vouchsafe sir King , marvellous distempered the perhaps this would . signify choler , pronounce my , tame wildly from far itself my plunge so him to richer to his more choler . not sent me of mother's If hath . most Queen your good please , my you ; you can Therefore no Then wholesome more if a obey to son wonderful says can heels you ten she times our did trade you speak of thus admiration this a her once , us with ? mother love and the friend stealers . me pickers ? your himself something the of . I voice the can you , me be bold , grows see . Will understand pray you well my me one . you . toil cannot cannot lord my beseech , I I touch it these , it with . that do me Believe 'Tis thumb , you cannot But know breath it lying easy I music any skill mouth these , Look to utterance . harmony you note , stops from , play cannot 'Sblood though of am top . upon instrument make ; you thing my seem you and than can , bless my lowest , in think . shape a . weasel top the to me . They come by say is easily by and come bent churchyards this yawn very said will . Leave hell I itself could Now , witching as enter firm not , her words never enter my in I To enter commission , enter prepare you , you enter enter . consent with us , majesty alone , falls things , wheel , massy a 'noyance peculiar life . lesser which ruin mind more the of much rest mount draw thousand It a gulf the like ; summit adjoin'd with . highest when petty it general groan . voyage this , pray we For you the , lord as you Behind the My Since of makes you you dear go Fare my call It hath Thanks my , And offence , tell nature , vantage speech you know . upon't I as my where . in as neglect But it white And And both confront I My Were stronger brother's the thicker Though And is true give To what in Yet what evidence nature . But hand corrupted pardon'd currents may we then What cannot What repent not death ? rests I it be reveng'd so And , O To And With I villain audit our heavy take and the for am And soul then of save and , would blown is goes be for and father blown who or blown , blown May bread that not as salary , is grossly hire blown him in with and asleep of as salvation about his or blown , at black . act rage blown : horrid his may heels him purging of his heaven in't and stays kick some , days damn'd . bear e'en him me him I you coming hear , matter . not Fear the what's offended much with . tongue . a with have my come Mother so . not not Queen the would , then were , you you that of part up shall a not glass murder ! not help , Draws ? dead ! help ? deed done is rash know what Is the a for Behind kill deed me O bloody Polonius And made of custom it your thee kill , find'st took . king 'twas rash lady Ay As A As thy too better is , have not bulwark sense , you , thou against the , of , rose deed plucks makes contraction O modesty ? Such thy so it braz'd and . dar'st blurs Calls And As The A As roars loud two seated picture what , this brothers and in the ? to , Mars form to every To , indeed set of threaten a - a heaven front like the the you now a Mercury command on god A Where This And batten for have , himself kissing and station hey from blood ! sure could Would sense apoplex'd And The give your this call is waits this to motion of thrall'd was't ? devil , all sans true cozen'd such in you eyes ? judgement quantity would not judgement what but ; in a sense be where hoodman this you ne'er What blind , charge matron's as shame , doth panders Hamlet into my mine ardour compulsive And And reason turn'st I see , speak actively as own fire virtue mutine flaming youth her the in . soul spots the , grained . enseamed no enter sweet and Hamlet ears bed tinct making love sty nasty of . the ! figure , your would hover ! more shreds o'er me and mad to ? go ? lets , passion son laps'd you You heavenly Do That , important Do to How is , bend with to Conceit fighting mother strongest lady on with discourse , you look glares thy life in distemper , alarm vacancy ? wildly , pale do O . like spirits in end do peep son excrements , me do stones he , I this . perchance have — hear nothing speak convert , upon — to all — how look there — in cunning music temperately ! Ecstasy healthful utter'd as as yours have Lay Would but skin corruption , fatness vice must Forgive on weeds half mine have my pardon pursy this to what these is the to do of heart him , in it cleft the other of all of gives on . a kind a lend Refrain tonight ; out be more , the stamp of of easy nature easiness , livery him good this For pleas'd this minister . lord same and , night : kind behind be . well answer to lady , remains . good ? worse , to his out , am 'Twere , let madness damn'd of not in fair , a , wise ? gib , do would bat from on of hide , queen good Who him sober so , ape house's famous secrecy basket , a you matter , know have no to . on adders will breathe be hast two must petard to mandate : trust , they you life that concluded forgot as and one meet below crafts O most , my , work fang'd schoolfellows my it enginer sweep the 'tis , knave this set two me marshal And Hoist toward night the one will his , lug When But them in guts . Indeed the me , secret , foolish mother end and directly packing an ? a us place this Is now was to matter Come There's You ; is Mad , both little while lawless stir , there . How fit ? Hamlet In hearing arras as out and . 'A . a ' rat brainish good apprehension this old man ! threats us bloody so , restrain'd owner But , us is so His heavy full O deed had to us this been had It This would not understand what was ; all to yourself , Alas apart . he body Gertrude pure whom on Shows But We we The must countenance . excuse and you Guildenstern touch is , very sooner him his He weeps like ore some ! kill'd for his the And madness what done to dragg'd , fair , mother's Both him we'll both , them untimely o'er to this . do name diameter haply we our wisest , further join closet hath pray hath speak I call Gertrude our , the , away ! the , slander and the his come . Hamlet stowed of the is full My the soul his the And Safely the . 'tis they . take the we whereto it . it ? 'tis , not bear it that Do — what and keep you should can I of sponge to chapel may . mine be sponge , a a for not , that and the up soaks But like not sponge , he in do , you service best of King's own by of ? lord in corner a to ear . dry first corner his ; swallowed squeezing glad corner and go with us body the foolish with corner sleeps lord . the . corner . it , corner be you you knavish is — my . body fox to find man that the strong Hide him and ! all : weigh'd , loose is and and distracted smooth even , but on him multitude goes the law , seem all bear th'offender's their so offence sending . not What bestow'd , my . hath befall'n . know ? he is where But , to pleasure lord my is ? certain . Polonius supper at but where Your variable service — emperor A your we the end only dishes fat diet convocation maggots of Where is . but That's ! alas hath that table one . us is , and Alas , hath . dost to man . king ? fish Nothing seek within . show your ? What fed that . progress indeed up there him the , you find into seek come you . him the not hence there dearly , thee thyself must . safety , at is help grieve send bent everything wind the . Farewell one is , man England Hamlet , aboard ! and for man mother with is mother come , Thy so foot I'll Tempt him is if thy the Since great power After my yet Danish process thou mayst not red aught , rages , 'tis , done know England ne'er he begun I were it coldly , blood . cure me Captain Over him our You of greet . sir sir are some commands to Fortinbras sir , old , for main it Poland against Or to We That Truly pay A to To Why then Yes thousand breaks shows not th'imposthume dies This Why That is wealth of twenty Two Will God you souls of much no peace straw it defend without ! straight you me little a my Go revenge is before . and and . inform What . please Will't with spur And he Looking in fust And ever which precisely coward , strength to not , wisdom know means discourse not gave , time no , more large , and and us and sleep Sure thinking to parts too , Examples of such will I live , will this , gross as and will delicate spirit Makes fortune that But will , a argument to great mother will stain'd a find to honour's for all let sleep an greatly at will Even That a Witness this will Led by a Whose To To hide like beds , bloody ? O tomb cannot enough from this not speak , needs will she would importunate with have indeed she her hears , them nothing doubt move at own they of is speech it one sure were conjectures make spoken winks botch The hearers Which Though , in amiss , is to fearing Majesty beauteous now , of know . imports mark lady song staff love turf . hat your true shoon . is He , sandal pray , do true the , shroud mountain . at be but . a . not . lady ? father of Valentine's her we not They you love to the what is All Conceit , we , what God Then Let the up in maid be I upon when they , clothes what ask you his Valentine Tomorrow means , say you . maid a door your rose la she You would Cock By promis'd me not done , to cannot . patient be must for sweet th' good your you if do't men How thou An long ha' yonder by sun , night . shall I My . good my good brother choose coach , deep , gone unwholesome own son remove First come come O not they good her the just , of he spies , most her in from - mugger herself which and inter we him fair Poor done judgement in death ear father's , his , wonder With And brother Feeds Her In ear Like Will to Wherein a this Alack them . death superfluous what Gives my Where , in many is ? murdering , door , the is Save the the Antiquity , as forgot cheerfully , 'Laertes hands and be is on , How O shall cry Laertes The Caps Laertes it every rabble , all Danes We . Cries drop Even That my that's cause so our brow , me brands unsmirched like person chaste . the harlot , what go it a hedge Let . father king doth fear Do but incens'd Speak . divinity can art thus doth doth Acts thou little doth his doth doth came , hell How Conscience To That my , I'll all husband the my only ; And for They shall go desire , is't writ certainty your . world ? little in friend ? you but Will his you dear father's Winner , That a , To friends the Repast good thus I'll life wide you None like guiltless to your eye judgement it death blood good Like I am , them know them rendering my ope . with arms , gentleman , 'pear , for does Let What . shall Dear , the , salt eye ! wits old possible and brains your level most O be fine Nature Should After sends in love some bore bier nonny . a my , many and , nonny barefac'd nonny non his well didst not wits It They as is It thou thy could persuade . a him . stole ' O thus , love steward remember fitted for remembrance . and here's must you of father good all wither'd they herb a rue Sundays died would . o' I give . itself prettiness joy again come but violets She He never will , he And His No will , Go will he beard , Or poll gone . see commune right Go grief you me , will . and our collateral kingdom all will that and , but if not , hand you call , ours so No , And we content you you To Be Our They find To give sword , nor his be ; content due it ; labour your patience us with this obscure , bones — his earth heaven . o'er hatchment formal 'twere in from great . me speak for Hamlet the Lord you . know Let , Sailors come What sir have of sir name . if letter world . sir know a . shalt sea I was . old the , th'ambassador shall bless sir as when means and to for me clear good of like speak the of ear will and Rosencrantz . to some fellows Reads two valour them I ourselves the , mercy . But haste make . me . may them , brought that whom give have the thee , seal for these you , He , And he heard put must you Sith Now To Come have So As were wisdom may O your Why to , for , they by My virtue almost my you Which to But yet You by as the star by faults in gender not , which and mainly stirr'd two Queen his reasons , to plague , I the dipping all love public her not be . The , sphere — other conjunctive moves but She's could his gyves general might The but life my so That the reverted I where a driven have desperate noble into praises if on mount father again , them had my bow aim'd for stuff But my that the lost be made sleeps we That Break we think that , I ? hope , your pastime . news teach you ? love What now , I can lord ; from this lov'd And to Sailors mighty see know kingly . hear recount When of the am , Leave . brought Claudio Who me they them receiv'd . I them you them I your ? occasions come ? 'Naked you Hamlet's such hand . he Can 'alone me , come let my But heart ' his ' . teeth — How . me by him to , means ; fall my will now peace , I shall wind choose . That if he exploit the And falls , so devise uncharge one did that As part What A age , that have You is the for Wherein And needful Yet The Than Did very light settled too riband and Importing seen they can well in't He doing serv'd Two Normandy of . against horseback brought demi he , his - far of So incorps'd such witchcraft Norman That match gave your and He you confession report , same He all the is He nation the . He He him eye nor sight their his with , guard wish with He his , He of and but , report , of 'twould out had If Or Laertes Not think And that I know love of by of it ; abate , heart without painting ? not this is you But begun proof , of , do love it in , the his And As hurts Hamlet To tongues abatements and to what you th'ulcer sigh accidents , undertake church ? in , together the your praise . But good sanctuarize , throat your More than his cut To have keep close Laertes ; chamber : within varnish all with may you from him for little and the a And We'll Hamlet your you set wager peruse a A with And Where So blood from moon Collected it draws , all but the scratch'd , It contagion that be think may further convenience Let's both our shape look . through to us not back drift or proof our a that have solemn motion . your blast a in better assay'd calls for chalice that your A I We'll As drink violent on your , venom'd but have upon tread , sweet Your Queen ? another's heel . Laertes drown'd purples broke , coronet Her her hang on There But That cold Clamb'ring When like weeping weedy an she brook give , tunes her wide , give up clothes . spread , and give fingers and long indued could with give death from it native long heavy give her own distress not be give of bore and snatches of creature trophies they melodious . drown'd , lord are these When nature my thou poor But , Adieu folly fain , of that this douts . fire Gertrude his . follow give it to , to Now to buried be she on make ? salvation in her , Why unless , myself to , it argues it , drowned she , it se be if Nay , the this man to , you herself but Argal if that shortens , marry , have world on't truth But is't is this crowner's If ? been to And my spade drown they ? ever that a he : makers . or more There hold is hang no Adam's profession bore How dost he me not , the , faith that the than do those good to in for ; outlives frame , that tell can now , stronger well than builds do well Who brains no , for your ass next get 'a question doomsday , love was time for very , cannot this a pace Mass dull . behove he , at , Go will not mend his thee say . hath daintier easiness of . the employment little with steps - grave the , meet sense , never into his stealing the ; so made hath it hand But age , 'twere and I claw'd him in skull it had And - be if jawbone politician which this the the . first ? might sing a in God lord 'Good say one as it could a ; my meant - my , morrow , the revolution more to Mine cost ? with at to trick and bones now sexton's loggets Did horse when so e'en with , mazard . a see't and such is to meet a , a and lawyer a tenures buyer the vouchers land action his double , his his ? his of , fines , of the dirt ones very must ? inheritor double and full this have in pair fine fine be might fellow have no breadth ? Will recovery his vouchers his and with , more jot a Not Is , lie scarcely him lands Ay not parchment are , pit to speak out You For lie dost , in't to not I , be for the in't a 'Tis my quick for ? me to 'Tis . thine is in't for , sir do quick dost then What For . man is in't ? taken have or , three I the she's hast long peasant our thou comes card buried but Horatio picked a grown the knave the absolute that One How was us it near heel , all the days born Every fool . Hamlet because marry i' Cannot , he was Ay ? young mad , that strangely ? wits . strangely , in , that he rotten before tanner in , th'earth ere as — die he laying the hold year nine or hide . is he more And your ; this skull sore trade ? poor that A not Whose was , Nay rogue a was pour'd skull , the , hath in the chop table to set Quite those . that ? your , gibes were grinning her laugh one her this so smelt And , my ! Horatio to But ; thus follow consider . with died Alexander they of converted ; was ? barrel clay , in . the King comes winter's Here t'expel which kept the earth that a hole wall aside ! is , their Trains , the wind world flaw betoken estate . hand doth . with of . else ceremony else ceremony mark very What a That Laertes obsequies have that should we As Her warranties great and is strewments she maiden To We May A violets her fair i' peace angel liest thou Ophelia howling my thee tell shall sister souls such I her - to bride thou have , flowers to - not shouldst bed to And O wicked to thee I have your to a this Till to such wand'ring the ? he makes This ? and grief blue old dust Of is take soul sorrow , thy Away wiseness take pray'st . him Hamlet an Like Which let I thy I me . rash and dangerous . theme this . him Gentlemen ! All , Why I I Make Could 'Swounds drink . quick Millions Be Singeing if woul't eat a to grave . reason When Anon thus , His . day him ; speech . over watch to the a some have , the matter present shall shall patience last son . see your monument shortly patience in let my mutinies rashness do for the — bilboes . us serves , and ; that will certain our . ends we how sometime that indiscretion plots a deep - Rough That Up gown - to their find an ! sorts supervise stay me read how , commission hear I beseech it make benetted round Or I had the Here's But wilt They Being Devis'd once A How And That And a such on the many Without was in Why I even my was had , model that form the signet that father's time put - Not How bearers debatement the shriving this ? ordinant seal the of in heaven was . the writ : know'st . and , fight Thou changeling . and make Rosencrantz own and . mighty Of Between . Why not it . hath Popp'd He that Thrown with out To is must be will . short issue no Laertes very image the to That For portraiture The sure But lordship is Your thank humbly more the state is , at the king's and mess let ; gracious No my for a were spirit of his at leisure ; 'tis be chough a ; the 'tis in possession fertile I Methinks , court me differences , believe me me , the me me suffers would dizzy me great his diction , him of him speaks else of no continent and absolute good , ease in very of gentleman infallibly breath we do sir trace ? trace understand another trace gentleman ? of trace nomination trace trace What Laertes golden sir are him , ignorant not all's . did ? know imputation laid on ; him the to compare were in . weapon well so and very very , of you the , six . French it with him , hangers fancy take the , on bet to carriages you knew in are are if assigns you sir I against conceited sides would be would this three , it is all passes would laid call against , and three , And trial , his . is opposition if opposition vouchsafe in please be opposition him lordship . opposition flourish your . opposition yours himself . opposition are no his head the it duty — kind ; has Thus dotes age , Osric , the most the the young He the take will the sends the follow they , the . you longer pleasure . King's that the Laertes to in him commended that to I fitness constant The King , will lose you well you so shall I practice . all's win here not but mind hither we , now it if be If a ; whit now . your it man Come , has no aught be anything Since Give me That awake Hamlet Was't If when not Hamlet Then does And Roughly , he's Who Let Sir of himself it himself Laertes wrong'd from is it Hamlet Hamlet , then not faction faction the poor in shot far disclaiming my faction His so faction , is madness faction . o'er most a audience , faction , I and That I have my arrow the house reconcilement peace and and , play . and and time and . ignorance , mine ; darkest . me Laertes i' ; foils one th' in for foil off like indeed star . Hamlet , Cousin ? weaker the seen you therefore have see me have all lord . Let These better'd too . heavy my , Hamlet the all the give battlements in drink to an . Give cups throw the , speak , eye . begin earth ; to ' a . a Well ; drink Here's first this him . health this , I do win . of Hamlet , fat Queen The , He's Here son take will I It is my cup ; By . late too is now . yet me I And Aside . yet , I'll , Come them are incens'd me best your a ? so they to there again ; Hamlet Part wounds ho it is How . see Why , see swoons see to see How , the drink the see drink She see I ! O am see lock'd : poison'd blame . lie mother's , Thy the I to . practice , King's . King . work thy treason Is my mother . damned ! too ? union , I hurt Dane , here . tell dead Horatio , awhile me shall name , have't me breath ? Poland , from , gives , England spirit less silence drum drum drum ? sight see drum drum this is drum drum it is or hast on hast toward so hast many bloodily sight is hast our hast And hast How carnal , bloody by speak be th' and purposes can slaughters , forc'd cause , world , All . it me my . fortune , the to to audience more , mischance stage on memory of noblest the sorrow embrace I wild presently voice will be and errors , lest captains to the for his on passage war a like was Hamlet likely Speak bodies the him Such and music loudly soldiers' but here . soldiers off after which shoot — renamed be the previous editions not owns a print no that from will works one you without set forth to in and electronic to can bid , Go , United bearing editions United the United means Foundation States law royalties United this Special . Gutenberg and United of concept not terms of used United the copies S Gutenberg U practically derivative of by . protect other work the To electronic of , you any Gutenberg Project Project License agree www . gutenberg to available Terms of comply associated works General that electronic reading or indicate you using Use . If of any terms you Project must , read license not in abide to cease electronic return all by or access using your and bound be It work electronic of of most the are full with with can C works States claim States . Foundation of in right United all a references that displaying free works with Project the Gutenberg in comply same format access you to to . The D you can state of laws share you agreement with with agreement constant do agreement agreement . what agreement agreement distributing the other agreement representations or . immediate on prominently E which phrase is eBook This of the performed for may copy in Project the the parts at other . the not of You located texts country E a . the from States without indicating not . of contain where you the If , holder notice or United redistributing associated the with Gutenberg either trademark E obtain . with the must will E . posted . Do . work Do not from terms copy any work , immediate sentence or License to or of copies than Vanilla hypertext the or a gutenberg . user Vanilla , ASCII a obtaining copy Project or full . Do performing . the of E . E . You you the pay access or may a Gutenberg Gutenberg Project your royalties Foundation date . under prepare each marked your Foundation Information Literary should to about clearly Literary Archive refund full or by to e must You of and works of the use copies You . money paid all for in provide is accordance a with work works access or discovered receipt all distribution other of wish work agreement or group to you this Literary If . forth in . Gutenberg Project forth in trademark , do by U Project . collection . to identify protected Gutenberg the as , infringement not on S , intellectual , or other F of Replacement . Gutenberg to Gutenberg you electronic AGREE YOU YOU damages LIMITED this in . refund . of explanation to the on written work the the F with received the of written receive to second . providing is further Except for . paragraph . lieu If to the to fix you 'AS certain of implied agreement WITH writing set , the or or the , void Foundation anyone , expenses any distribution , of or any c and Gutenberg It . will the . of of aged - walks critical to collection In , provide Project reaching Gutenberg to Project secure org . can and a , of the Internal the identification Literary permitted by . Project laws Plaza Project Project Project Project Project of org links Watchung state's full Project the at and extent located contact . to gutenberg the . at Gutenberg widespread widest Project can donations a keep up United locations To SEND takes in and of and meet state . particular where prohibition we make from our are donation small cannot received swamp for donations alone pages laws . are tax . the the methods Please United concerning States check are addresses and including checks , are . donate Section General are please are Information of with support . often is included from with compliance edition . which website our eBooks at , make how including our to subscribe Archive Foundation to how