! hour . cold bitter 'Tis heart carefully He Get thee ? stirring quiet Not Have am much sick . Francisco at . mouse If I think And of this I you good Dane ground ? you hath - tonight again nothing . fantasy of him , ears , awhile assail down us two , your not appear . story our seen , down speak of this night Had Peace , The now same Looks like it , and this . and it , night speak . speak thee . I ! gone 'Tis Horatio You will , and It is ? the By charge not this something this eyes not Is So he he the King the armour strange 'Tis the When Such frown'd , twice before once was , Thus But now bodes With sledded Polacks on our by dead I work scope eruption and some strange gone at this opinion our to particular gross thought to me of most subject cast mart for the toward joint , sore whose this inform labourer sweaty . cannon ; task week last Our us world known our ; by , heraldry all his lands the those conqueror competent had Had To And in the food a As to lost motive terms father compulsatory . our main haste recover But And That For doth stomach , diet and it of the Is source it is In mote most high little A the was As with in Was trains of the mightiest the and to stood and in and Roman empire and doomsday precurse Neptune's ; still earth omen of coming . earth Stay of or where earth . me it Speak any art , earth Or earth earth Extorted , if thou hast earth Stay you . of Speak they Shall Do if it not with here it it which Stop I here 'Tis show , the the it offer To , is to fearful is then about , And For , was , Awake cock The Doth Whether , the that a Upon , then The nights The on faded that ever crowing Wherein No fairy heard , o'er we our watch dew the hallow'd I have This As Do us to we our To The To Therefore , jointress 'twere and with queen . joy ; defeated dropping eye , of message law those with him here writ , for scarcely the suppress are all you proportions in purpose , that we ; herein and For the impotent further his , lists to greeting to personal than allow more the . our duty , asking beg the is't , father ? that duty toward your came to ; to coronation leave What and leave , hath By gracious wishes and them to . leave slow says me my last . be thine . kind ? son my than . to it , kin clouds still and less ! sun , Denmark die on much off lids the vailed , seems , breath river of . that within which and that mourning commendable trappings know , and in nature the , must give But I These 'Tis sweet father do In shows a heart stubbornness obsequious filial will . 'Tis to incorrect , sorrow . unmanly unfortified we any Why know the understanding must most we heart Take A it 'This Is death to must fault As From of absurd , whose fault opposition , a who , the , In going back to school , For bears father dearest no which , you immediate impart that of father , the with less to to desire in of comfort you our and prayers go best Denmark unforc'd heart my and in a . Madam accord King's Re And But No rouse earthly solid resolve too of drinks loving 'tis Why as This smiling to health away . would Come the the the and this , Thaw too that Or two But self , all stale ; to grows Fie Seem it That , Possess excellent , loving Heaven the so not satyr , a he her As — or followed she , A mourn'd ! God Niobe Like , me A which all have O father's , I yet Had Ere She , break But to the . the O most flushing of most her must tongue . my hold ; friend same your change you lord My what And I am But Against We'll Nor hear my my Wittenberg — ear of truant not you shall make your enemy . violence say that truster know no report . fellow wedding student you ere , father's funeral The mother's hard ! Horatio , lord follow'd my it , think prithee lord I Thrift Did In once , not King your . I father I I I I watch their I I deliver may ! I these till witness ear Upon attent an This For let marvel to together , on these figure , them fear length with to impart speak stately and , dreadful truncheon's at Armed Appears oppress'd to and not act whilst the secrecy third with them and by deliver'd . These apparition each are word knew I not it we once ; did and methought it address speak : like shrunk as the even Itself to Did where was But My But answer My up lifted But And It the sound morning in from it cock crew would then And at we , live do very I Indeed Arm'd , Arm'd foot . face not you he to , from , he beaver ? sorrow in lord my wore up . frowningly look'd , yes countenance . in than , Pale amaz'd I had you a life no again tonight beard His , was I will watch . gape , well , soul : would the foul earth in as Our to honour you All is farewell . well men's deeds to give sleep benefit , more grow so but more Think nature and Grows In inward wide The service crescent A no His no He greatness no And For no thews no For no Unto the the therefore Carve he may must his for as , is himself not ; health and in he May Than weigh what of deed his your voice ; is believe list your importunity your his treasure . chaste honour or the fear of my dear affection . enough of . the , brother be disclos'd strokes calumnious not buttons in near lesson good pastors do thorny and puff'd of own dalliance reckless and his . long too here , Occasion wind sits Aboard , leave . comes . for memory no thy . tongue . few familiar thou friends Grapple But Bear't that man's every Costly Take Of each And For Neither oft a borrower select a not And they loan a and : Farewell time And my I shall Farewell Ophelia , key to Hamlet . keep something Marry very bethought hath oft late . Lord of on me you , honour many . girl . tenders . your up the you Marry Or That Which Running — you'll you'll , he may you you'll almost to you'll the woodcocks of you'll . blazes you'll . as fire , that tether For a , higher Hamlet young From , time presence , this , bawds . time . forth : is from leisure ways cold , very hour , now twelve . air . the season , Rhenish . reels thus bray , custom . native am it headed and the manner though , traduc'd revel of at , phrase swinish the tax'd And As Nature's Being Carrying Or breaking That and , chances of particular them in complexion are not of forts too , the cannot of reason o'erleavens men these much stamp — as be fault The take dram a of scandal Angels of To all From in the general it comes , Hamlet me call blasts defend or or Thou Be airs thy , King Why burst Have Wherein op'd we their canoniz'd Hath cast , Revisit'st thou thee dead is Say saw his again thoughts this ? As if it waves you do Look , No will Do , pin's . I fear follow ? fee do I'll . that , to the should life , thing my what the summit you to the dreadful , cliff , form . it reason , desperation brain of Think , fathoms to . beneath many so it . thee still follow body nerve . me thee . him . go further . no shalt . hear when am term confin'd the a soul away fretful . blood up secrets day to fast my lightest thy to blazon hair , combined start locks must flesh and But Like quills knotted Thy Would of And the upon eternal If most I thou find I Haste duller on ease to or that the sweep meditation May , know't me As itself stung Is Rankly ; abus'd serpent Now O of wit seduce , me went it to a her in wretch But whose in whose hand Upon mine to sate , Will though court itself it virtue , as it never poor ; mov'd will be , the the stole , celestial in ears courses of alleys it into it droppings blood with effect vial my of a uncle afternoon morning my within of of did of doth the vigour of vile by queen body . a of , a most of my wholesome like smooth and about loathsome smooth , made , Unhous'led off the sent on smooth ! damned incest smooth smooth smooth once near , uneffectual to matin shows , worm 'gins , bosom her to well me fire . What ? be Remember the thorns those to The glow And all you saws That with sure At Unmix'd O most is smile may and Meet villain baser , one So may I , uncle It Illo , ho , ho , ho . ho How , But you'll heart HORATIO and by , Ay ne'er There's he's . reveal , lord heaven by , of secret lord in . my think it : lord . pray . heartily my . is , Touching too Patrick offence There's no , but , that know . ghost And good and us , friends tell vision this me you lord . my between , what is poor may scholars now . will . Swear . stage sword . already . lord , my cellarage . fellow thou in Art thou under Cries We you ? Consent the of Swear And lay speak Never Well said and , but a Canst work th'earth remove strange wondrous and earth help bear think shall disposition so me , never — head , would' we , shake shall — come mercy , Horatio , meet on seeing doubtful , thus an or some 'We or : or aught mercy Swear your giving ; perturbed at — of know grace such Or and love poor so shall do , That Nay time still your I come fingers not my And willing God May it make good . inquiry intend said well what Danskers , keep sir they in and are Look . and ; of finding you where ; him slips ? lord known so far fencing , As , That's not must That no Faith , You That And As 'twere thing in party You a Having ever converse you , Mark him the guilty this lord . does I about Where ' ' , the or know and , gentleman , you or in's o'ertook See of forth tennis' such : a takes with of reach truth or so and , perchance , as you — say ; bias . you , not well yourself in . you Good my inclination lord , matter ? foul'd of me I but ? truly ? his before out in do he me hard , his all thus held . hand it such length of know said the other to a a sigh so waving all , piteous of face his o'er wrist head thus little shaking lets eyes shatter done bended light me , love the . without their he the me I last find That . out And end And Come This to with doors the And Whose That , my I to quoted sorry hath that as letters me . denied hard you did command judgement and my beshrew he to But . thee him common to kept utter and Moreover that This To discretion known lack dream of from I More That you little on time . th'understanding . to have be hath and with him , thus remedy our your pleasures so here our If . occasion To whom sure gentlemen am more us expend he occasion , For supply gentry it of will please occasion of us good . him glean companies in , open'd , hath men profit shall a occasion , not living , afflicts occasion awhile occasion hope . us command occasion , you have Than king's dread pleasures entreaty We up both to king's our lay To king's Thanks To ourselves , king's your king's more and you . king's , where and and too And bring and and , helpful and and Pleasant and presence Have Th'ambassadors my , Norway joyfully Are the father as my you been hast lord ? do my soul good found do hear . do sweet them fruit do to source no other do the our and of queen , to do shall Give that that admittance do th'ambassadors great hath distemper and your , son's he that death , we , father's and tells against preparation , which 'gainst , he Highness into , That His our nephew's be But was sickness , age in and uncle his in overcome of three th'assay Makes ; vow Norway commission an it On such therein are consider'd time ; we'll more think for : well upon likes regards please , you of Through And Meantime your , As to Go our thank rest business and madam night home , to . be . go else but mad madness , time is , is duty and day and define nothing to for ; Were And farewell mad is pity I Madam , matter but to But , That To ill , and , phrase phrase but Came I to are stars the sun thou Doubt madam , But love ill at best , O love lady these to I numbers dear Thine . truth never Doubt awhile dear they , Ophelia that I , thee most doubt this show'd best , machine ; me , by , to by receiv'd think me ? you tell , But . I me winking I with , love I your desk I this seen prove I I I I I What 'Lord If I given my play'd ? mistress No the Majesty Or had heart a this prince ' . a into to lightness , receive , then she And Which Thence Fell there That I such been may , think be a know this When have this Not At a encounter Be such know may we he Here time be We But Mark Let the But me I'll , God , a fishmonger picked one lord goes ? honest lord my were , thousand . is , my dead being . would Honest as this ten very breed say How not her me at first to him suffered — I was What much extremity for read far gone , Yet ? lord ; grey men have old lack and thick powerfully most down crab you . reason which him and and and my daughter him . between humbly meeting of madness air leave will , pregnant on you . Lord tedious old you , sir honourable suddenly You withal , to To honoured lord My My lads How most ! Ah both very shoe my of Nor Faith her waist we the O , Fortune her , live lord Neither secret None the is near my of , the world's not true prison lord ? or worst , dungeons . myself and have count for too 'tis is lord . either narrow substance dreams . the I , bad very of is airy so itself merely are space not shadow but bodies th' reason shadow . our , upon wait you most attended my for . servants ? Elsinore at dreadfully other make ; of my fay But you . you thank what am you thanks , I , Were ? sent , speak visitation I ? lord my nay sent modesties sent obligation more you Queen have not rights the . what our your know we But confession in to good . which ? me love were proposer could hold of custom that of it , how congregation action disposition o'erhanging this , I . prevent mirth , your forgone feather my , in beauty is of the ? me' what Lenten , the . way , you if from they are foil his to — be mind shall knight king the , those her freely whose humorous laugh players such ? What use city travel the make lady were they by the same hold think I chances wont you those profit they so they are ? not rusty I when , fashion many thither wearing , that scarce longer - they clapped tyrannically keeps in , for't so stages afraid are pursue , there has tarre been if if they they common ? are controversy the poet unless them much to quality children of are , afterwards like make throwing it load away ? about carry possible Is't very something would than , mouths make that than fifty there than than this than appurtenance , you than of Gentlemen than than are mad but - my west Well , he will prophesy Happily right comes sir : I me twice come time , them lord them lord , The for them to them news My them them them them I The pastoral , comical be judge of the What , a ? ' , more . light historical , poem the hadst the scene , heavy had daughter fair passing daughter my on Jephthah I . loved and Still well Jephthah . not I me row of then that have a not . lord , What came first , God show comes like you . will abridgement old beard of not to't . lord . speech speech I remember . the general heard thee What , once for , the set were matter it , wholesome to the make indite , others million or not it much and if , excellent , as lines , mine with top as of down the , fine and , with sable night horse , me live in an , the that , One , honest in method , Dido , he begins see thereabout your , speech of might If than no nor it very . this not he purpose , is as his so at rugged it heraldry tyrannous impasted , dismal in now : it to tale line let it in it fire and it , sons the , with it . lend And eyes Old , proceed like With Hath it . damned light good it good discretion and Pyrrhus , with So too Repugnant to to his Striking at arm Priam , him Greeks . command at in wind Then the still , below stand , matter and rack the so as rend vengeance the never As A hush winds The , Out On , out the , general Now synod round spokes , strumpet In bowl , barber's low , nave the take away from fellies , Hecuba to tale Say on a ; too is or your , beard of with . queen' queen' threat'ning and up That's come and , A a head flames for steep'd , sport limbs then her that the milch made have well Would , used will well , After you I'll . less deserve Follow him , me merit . much Use more your own man every . Come the whipping them , is in . sixteen , him I'll , friends good To till lines . Very Follow , I Good my Now . ye lord night Is , fiction a in that Ay should , and his And ? passion all or Hecuba conceit , his her the the cue What ear For to he have Had he I from soul monstrous her him for motive He The A very ignorant general the the That guilty and That What's Hecuba to suiting nothing , do would ? the Upon faculties mad by my beard nose the lungs ? it it this face pate my . and , breaks Who me does lie be cannot , or this for liver'd : ere kites oppression I 'Swounds deep me Plucks off But To I should Tweaks With , Oh am of a ! i' my treacherous the my revenge unpack , what Remorseless That I should slave's , Must ! Ha I Why A a - so by That I struck I Prompted like to , guilty I Been Play most , They I For these father heart I father heaven a And fall I I I'll About I him miraculous I'll , power have I players speak have , grounds have I'll . me weakness shape , I'll no their have of the . will his ; my have but blench he have have looks and have melancholy , have spirits perhaps , that devil the King my damn catch the conscience no of this circumstance of lunacy days dangerous you all will why him harshly and feels will him crafty him on will madness forward keeps state will Most will we with would Did he will will Of a bring find will When will and hear my And With Good gentlemen To And heart To he night I it of 'Tis to , They play they have . me doth much inclin'd it a these delights further . leave shall That we Gertrude Sweet ourselves that by for closely have Affront , Ophelia their myself and he you beauties so your again happy way Ophelia him your Hamlet's And bestow will We loneliness . Madam , I wish , Read please you To — here prov'd pious of ourselves show harlot's more O too a that speech , Let's ! Let's lord my Let's withdraw burden ! Let's painted word Let's , sleep shocks , of to Let's Let's question is that , Let's in nobler to be not or slings The more and ache Or by opposing - sleep have we that of . off ay die thousand — 'tis , to to sleep a by heir perchance to , this , a : to shuffled When sleep in Must whips so There's long life of contumely , delay the proud the office , of under would country sweat returns Who ? dread merit patient When a To grunt bare Thus Than And Is And this the enterprises o'er with of regard of Nymph their sins , currents pith With fair lose And does humbly my a ? well yours . deliver . I not you you of know words more ; for ; gave , No , so the these wax things poor , when Are prove unkind mind , did well noble you honest you Ha Are and honest if Ay Could was proof This . a you means , honesty should ? no discourse transform translate now so our . old ? not loved so such very , thy I have between . Go your ? us of beck me than I my at them breeder . more thou I could be wouldst yet Why . accuse me do shape or not . thou fool nowhere . the you , Or enough too ! God you amble them marry . Be calumny marry , but say I all nunnery , mad already To a your , given hath , your wantonness ! o'erthrown tongue , me . sword , down , harsh reason vows quite , and wretched of eye mould state form , quite deject his most of most honey and noble the suck'd see spake ? And be it For and our in which do doubt his madness , O'er Was Nor Will I some set the demand have the Haply variable settled of his With : seas neglected with shall countries shall in beating think puts his , matter What , believe , do , Hamlet Lord what love . himself well and neglected lord it mother him It shall be not you to . trippingly , do of I pronounced spoke I send ; wisdom great best ones so it may I , hand town , you - the But if rags may that temperance , tongue all , to hear robustious to are would very all - I soul and as have . all out all all your the all , all ; very all It . a me acquire to all . special anything both your mirror own image , playing word your it with your age allowance , very nature this your and must , O play your seen that , your your make , as . the . and so made your theatre whole Christian some , neither pressure her the o'erstep that from and form of the nor , I . them let , journeymen , Nature's well For accent set have . necessary and shows the be , that highly bellowed , imitated indifferently some meantime set for quantity of spectators most you question , And some we hope it is themselves more reform laugh to considered in be than O altogether down . in to too you ROSENCRANTZ We the Bid cop'd conversation thou As , And let the the No and ? hast , pregnant fawning follow soul distinguish herself was mistress , her thou that , men of thee that Fortune's suffering for . buffets . thanks Give wear man him . this of will I me heart heart much near play tonight comes of she passion's what , ay , in the my thy a - guilt we one occulted foot death . Fortune's for pipe . please core Something slave One I do thee told have I Observe Do a damned . that of the foul will both rivet Give . his of we my lord pay . seeming this will I whilst play In Vulcan's For Danish march Excellent , I with now . To , you dish feed Hamlet crammed cousin you I words not . Brutus . killed there patience . me . Be they dear mother , No was a Ay ; my hither Come my . No my , think a fair Do , my matters ? meant country my between . is Who That's are my I . lord my merry ? Ay maker months two die let 'tis hope , with , on there's a the by'r . long heavens Nay O sables ! then ? lady Nay the churches - hobby he must - upon asleep makes is ; her pours Anon him in , fellow and , Poisoner in means ? lord awhile mischief away . but or The his fellow Will , to him . what you : For , you and clemency , of , tragedy your love ring a gone cart times Neptune's thirty did bands sacred sick and state of done late . been sheen , Now Since But , That my In For fear and and are your , holds in love I distrust : kind shortly too , rest treason me the accurst in fair functions thee great , is siz'd , is Where fears grow I Faith My powers And Honour'd operant thou , kill'd Wormwood second must O confound the but be breast . first ! love , propose debt sticks on be forget mellow , slave , oft the but fruit unripe birth , but 'tis passion to we they what To Grief For even world is our The violence of with , grieves on nor favourite love . flies strange change : tend of doth , begun enemy . run overthrown so lack a own , is dead of when no thoughts ours , wilt So Nor die and To Each Ophelia deeply To Both , 'Tis My never like you play how The , rock thy , do , but , how ? do , it wife not us offence a heard O you the . jest 'tis a knavish Gonzago name call poison you they no The our our is You you our and a are wince our have we our free ; our our are our doth bellow , Pox leave our . damnable for . immediately property and blasted magic else drugs , dire . thrice weeds , usurp . His and seeing collected You . wife false How fares some my o'er Give let The some Turk and So , with me fellowship a me turn , know This dost Jove For Of good O Upon well my of , Come the not he very did Very take You the ha Ah Why king belike , then , a history . comedy it likes lord Ay his Good Sir , in retirement , wisdom No for , lord perhaps to him . so , some frame purgation choler pronounce , affliction sir from my richer to not the hath , the shall return my business I and , What . answer welcome . not is mother's the be , you , my answer you , to further ? you ere ! times closet mother go admiration our her ? did trade ten My is liberty I you Sir door Good lord your succession the when How Ay own upon And I do still if cause distemper King himself do You ? of deny lack griefs something me you grows you is cannot Believe . upon you Will unmannerly toil do into my play . I too if would drive , this cannot I . finger it I me , beseech ventages , mouth skill command look But cannot eloquent it , these you ; you now how know me stops excellent , music my ; a you , from speak pipe you ; music . Look you cannot me 'Sblood voice , in top and You the the . will I this the harmony of lowest you you think would of though . do instrument my play speak shape of a in is and cloud mass Methinks see , that's Queen would , is like you bless Or like . fool come by — by . like Very mother . backed I come Would and soul this this Nero of tongue my speak soul I words seals them me daggers not cruel to in nor range . madness not , commission will with safe prepare forthwith so your And To like The Hazard terms to estate doth many many and and and peculiar 'noyance ; weal cease , your fear provide Majesty bodies it those keep To single ten with but . It consequence general groan things doth rest wheel , lesser massy more ; majesty mount thousand which petty ruin ; pray will Which you goes ; Arm I now We , lord ; and I'll ; warrant , said the that you And hear ; going will Behind process as My The my hath O And you you dear what ere my to , bound first business will heaven , my o'erhear , bed liege . know . to you ; not intent hand the of offence sweet , snow ! possess'd — prayer snow , my and snow , I my what form snow snow snow heavens but prayer in be To Or My snow the visage come I'll , snow , look to we down be effects serve . turn for But and What forehead . law the his Buys cannot ? Forgive me foul am since still world , th'offence retain shove wicked we of action the there What O Help can our as be Make well be of and the , soul state can when it , can struggling black ! wretched limed more stubborn as I'll do't it And . I am so He I All Now soft And , this father That scann'd that ; heaven to be goes would same for , this of flush heaven thought his passage : send villain , of as salary and , blown and purging know the him audit , And . circumstance stands crimes father grossly who course I , mother sickly . days and heaven some kick at . black . remain . go to home to stood . not , Fear , him me silence mother hear I matter offended the . much father what's , him Now , you thou hast have my thy an ? now you What's No Go And are Nay it by so You rood not matter your to you , were Have forgot me brother's . you till see part up a you the inmost ? not wife speak ? murder ho Help may You come and you rat Draws ! help . what me not Nay I ducat am hast . Is , a , O As A bloody kill . Almost as this , some busy . of made be it And Calls That As blister there Such blurs the fair virtue an rude act a , an , doom an vows plucks such an makes innocent , and blush an . body of contraction an of the mass . an act and , solidity sick at in an ? an on two brothers this index the glow , brow , picture this , roars Ay me , a curls A counterfeit what like A eye , upon Mars , a like to the combination the did on . god lighted world seem Look assurance your his wholesome your husband husband moor this ? fair on on cannot call day it this the in this to this judgement is the from you not But in without hands . canst so not Ears That serve have for motion madness was ne'er you , feeling such , sense it to shame Nor shame shame shame shame see Hamlet there As shame speak shame shame the in the , of , speak Stew'd O words These No Of That your A cutpurse of slave A a And that A lord the put it the . empire shelf not precious his . patches gracious your with me hover more shreds of No A guards O to between amazement forget whet thy step The is Conceit acting This mother strongest you how incorporal your the wildly hold do air your is't peep , eye it weakest her look to and bodies , Speak , But Start up , form and you , cause ! Look how look preaching convert action I you he to not this ? perchance do Whereon . patience on you To Will at Nothing you but nothing I ? all see ; true effects with colour whom Nor is My Why even now time as It brain . temperately ! in . keep not test madness grace . at your ecstasy word . is - Bring , madness , which the of your place soul ; will have makes as unction my the what avoid , spread itself in the curb Infects Repent O . go But Assume That cleft cleft cleft throw And cleft live thou and , Yea cleft Good night the custom monster habits Of cleft is shall change cleft the . the , cleft you do blessing of you throw of next of kind the aptly That And To I repent punish death I bad begins cruel , this but scourge again to , with , matter this call cheek paddling wanton bloat no I , a neck ravel 'Twere essentially craft mad But Would For Such concernings dear No from for tempt pair am all not queen basket on of despite fly , in , the birds the Unpeg your words own , said What of life thou and to of . ape and so and breathe , famous the the in and and the break assur'd and I And and had and Whom bear marshal 'tis own me For the and his with will petard , and ; go mines sweet hard their shall work 't it my way sweep schoolfellows , most . you . room counsellor . knave grave , in Mother , most night sighs 'tis is this good these lord , a we fit your us what profound understand ? in ; Where on How , as Which Behind the rapier this cries . In rat apprehension ! stir fit ? I Hamlet both lawless , does when brainish the sea Gertrude What in his Whips out and wind 'A a kills been to , heavy good , had you To unseen so kept young To O'er Alas been this laid mad understand divulging was to full of , to to everyone providence of ? our was , of a , deed done ore , is some base , kill'd he ? gone touch this slain further Guildenstern skill and ! majesty excuse all our — hath madness both But Both The will him sun with Polonius , world's to o'er Whose let . to mean what both we'll , Into seek him out done , so his call name come and may , soul his call call friends haply slander , miss diameter our call we up in , call , call do our , poison'd as , whisper the call hit shot . call on ? call ROSENCRANTZ Hamlet O discord full My noise What keep where Compounded to to Tell it with , Do to believe bear to to by the lord my to best service , jaw have you dry to . my , corner , A it in that such : you like ape an last them authorities , I understand knavish where tell the me thing you glad body lord , the King nothing have law man the distracted on the . him , goes to find body and this strong , all weigh'd eyes : their but scourge their in not like But And where Yet We , your . my to ? pleasure , him lord . know , where the he from us him ! where's Polonius lord . supper At him at , e'en else he are creatures eats your , hath mean go a . this progress and two dishes worm a fed beggar your But him nose place thither month this , th'other heaven some He for deed , Hamlet this will shall To i' stay . him there , hence thee , bent wind prepare send , safety — Good . Ay England England , come ; But mother , thou if Thy , loving is mother . Come wife Hamlet . is England and speed hence and make hold'st Pray thereof cicatrice and thou free and thee give raw aught sense aboard . full at , at coldly awe red not , England rages , done king Danish rendezvous us eye with march . know him Craves let shall his kingdom the his Over him , that Captain that Majesty me greet by conveyance And will I sir would aught Norway whose Against , are nephew Norway , sir sir , I Poland sir ? the would be , no little patch of addition , sir . ground no Norway to to speak profit it should five , I twenty already is garrison'd and , will ranker Polack without , thank no wealth question souls it never and thousand this peace thousand is A rate , Yes Why Two inward That not breaks I humbly , go lord you , you sir before , man inform . What against time of his me , not discourse godlike capability and us oblivion in before That fust To Of , too thinking which Bestial A , Whose Makes , and , to , danger , in , a I stand mother , kill'd stake . quarrel . death . of gross such and the ambition . great Rightly . event be . dare . see , blood How . then . stain'd , fame of a , continent time worth , needs What tricks There's i' She carry but half straws use they fit to ; speech it things in doubt heart . her , move , them , for , there , much with and she unhappily be thought nature . spilt be fearing in itself full is now of as sin's true . How By should the Majesty ? and one Ophelia , Ophelia but head his He , Alas , Larded White his shroud look here did not showers . love - the sweet grave , was . baker's God daughter be when they ask you , window . clothes maid Valentine your ! Charity make blame to . not done to my bed . me sun be hath she , You How long me been me i' sweet me good ; good . me counsel watch , me deep grief ; me not Gertrude me single author slain , it you pray my Come night I ; spies Gertrude whispers , Ophelia but , muddied Poor violent , father her , and ; the most and and come they , come sorrows When Next and and and Thick , and unwholesome in fair as infect his and death arraign Gertrude , to person dear and , in noise and ? many murdering Gives my nothing pestilent , keeps father's my places this . my my matter them Switzers What my The young ocean my are yourself my with a call my head , my . clouds , cry dogs are . stand , doors come . it to applaud trail false The broke . will We Danes , Sirs I you pray thank you . Keep , door . we the my proclaims . Laertes , brands calm chaste unsmirched . me bastard the like - not Do . so , Gertrude rebellion That treason There's divinity doth , king Gertrude , would a fear Laertes . mother the cause such , That him thus incens'd his can to Tell . father demand not him ? to blackest be profoundest damnation both . How To will comes They means what Most My the and And for That , and pelican , ope then them know . that is noise of mine , times . virtue shall . now How heat O Nature Should is fine mortal some It as heavens O Within seven rose , beam kind is't , a . O Ophelia of by Tears ! wits life man's old an possible sister be love him bore in turn be thy our By Till heaven scale maid , and . tear didst and , could call nonny , many the , a . his . revenge that matter love remember him wits you not It you thou Hadst it and thy down ! a wheel , daughter the - becomes columbines and father end say and . remembrance there A document pansies rosemary There's madness , it For affliction wither'd for may will ? come , dead bed . itself again again snow his was flaxen is And I God of Christian all His He ha' mercy you souls And gone he , pray . soul is his this I deny hear direct or your whom of you Laertes find crown If us , Make shall right commune , me must you our , all and . wisest 'twixt patience your us soul , call , his to , not but labour due it , rite nor 'twere formal hatchment this Let sword That be , 'twere in question 'twere , bones . 'twere 'twere speak have ? me 'twere 'twere , them 'twere I 'twere they . with you for of part the Hamlet . from you ; if There's . am to a bless bless him I as , sir , comes th'ambassador , from please was thee let for . for your Ere , this sir name , give on the appointment . instant a compelled we I have they were warlike have have of sail them they very . On put gave . us dealt am , have much . sent prisoner fly knew became I slow boarded But make thou the what their hold tell and that thine the much will as dumb good letters , They . too so , as ; yet I a , of our ourselves grapple . These thee their , your for Guildenstern . I too England for course King the knowest may you that . thou much repair words Come . for the them of am you To Sith And well he must must from speedier the which conscience , me father . for your hath appears against in , else , tell all feats my stirr'd , his , unsinew'd — mother , But up were , and It safety you As So You may , for Why crimeful mainly two strong be looks ; The for it either Queen seem reasons special his my by love dipping like slightly great to not but my and life but The count faults in bear not not I general ; so for to my had them . more be stuff her Stood Whose your can let and , father How I , What from ? Hamlet ! brought them the to this say them . not on I leave you him Of given lord From Sailors my were Who brought you that mighty I beg , shall your . Leave and abuse Know such come ! says he advise Can you lord my very the sickness me character you Hamlet's a lost As tell To If should Will live shall I so How me . fall device work , I but the . accident be rul'd it . much travel . your so ; quality of a lord wears becomes youth no that his months , since . that and shine . in him horse his he I've And As With That of forgery was't Upon . very he he Lamord well him know you such is same . life If swore He He made and for And was your face are Laertes like the , but to of of father A you , dear a that that Why ask you think without you not begun very and the snuff , too would is growing as delays ; goodness do when own his And within a or at much tongues hath And As And That should No place , have shall Revenge you Will this . murder should close within But are your sanctuarize come , on a you your and , a little the foils for him a , He the in your on you , all being varnish you good Laertes , practice it , sword of unction but can death if may further of time this . slightly point my him , I . all dip be that , It of . save , is Under the moon This Weigh May If Should We'll make have a When blast ! make he he that did ha't this I A a Drown'd leaves hoary is fast So our on dead boughs When an trophies sliver them , up spread herself coronet fingers call name , tunes , weedy her pendant the to down envious Her and distress her clothes , indued not be wide bore of her it their her death she drown'd is muddy wretch long from . with and could drink lay melodious much of is I fear much again start ; this , fire that out will nature her When . would lord , rage ; her . burial defence . straight grave finds her that hath tell Is I and unless , sat on be offendendo myself to drown . mark go leave me if . be It to you not ha' the on't If But , the Nay man , marry not out this And the more that no ancient Adam's more themselves up been . should folk than , a they is hold ? The ? Scripture thou he first he spade drown hang There . buried been this say'st Come ditchers gardeners even Why , says a was me to . either the carpenter ? Go shipwright , than frame to good than that stronger do is well well does well wit maker again the , shipwright carpenter thou well , that , To't do those ; gallows like thy , The ? well the gallows , It , builds stronger , Cudgel , more Yaughan a I , about , when you it he me makes fetch very , for sweet , my meet sings easiness he behove , thee get sense the . daintier of employment steps , hath his me never as it in , the might my circumvent 'twere pate lord , God . sweet a Cain's politician lord morrow such 'Good say he my It could Ay be and , we about it dost - breeding on't to had the think Mine Here's fine no ? 'em with loggets Did these spade . Lady ; Worm's cost ache , a spade is clay a - of and pit guest my bones to revolution meet . more about action vouchers recovery the the him land and tricks ? lawyer a knock of , his , The ones of vouchers his ; fine and , more box box , box box box of and parchment to For Mine box . fellow this box and Is my Ay I lie in't , therefore 'tis is thou yet , is meet . be made in't it not yours is thou liest me say it again ? rest but be none , speak , that picked so , We is Who sir Lord is By the knave of heel the i' he Horatio the must galls grave a courtier th' been Fortinbras to't ? his o'ercame , I long Hamlet that ? was born , that tell that , into great ; Every was shall Why mad they Very How came , mad or if he ; men there recover his wits there the as mad ? losing wits . man , strangely How what been will long Denmark . in How here man rotten , I before nine he laying tanner than he ere th'earth i' die , rot will you another trade ? we ? ground thirty boy pocky many , hath sore lain of he year keep you as — is a sir , his while him for on . once This sir , it three was . not rogue mad Nay years . you of flagon the , that a . E'en , mad skull , fellow ! flashes how back Takes A pour'd This of know on his borne . Horatio Let see a I Not one gorge . mock , skull , poor . be , come to , Horatio my is at Where that times . Yorick fancy how to now those abhorred He Here your ; and now hung her at wont it Make , grinning the your table an paint set gambols Prithee . chop . looked that my me , lord o' this return till too , think so so so , he consider . Alexander that into of ; dust stop beer dead , a Mourners soft but Queen , Might stop and not a lead to But ! a that earth courtiers that patch Should following ! follow ; the such they What own and with This did awhile 'Twas of we ceremony a been Her unsanctified the death command . pebbles , bell Of maiden should We sage No Shards Till She should in be thrown , her , more more As Must service - to requiem of the such rest unpolluted churlish sister wife sweet , cursed woe head sense maid deck'd off most times not thou thy I Depriv'd pile your flat old mountain o'ertop To upon the in mine more the skyish the you ? stars he dust caught deed Hold her thy ingenious a Conjures Now this Of Pelion blue Till of Bears the him , from fingers not an wounded whose and is of thy throat well Away . let Yet though thy fear ; and devil I For take Thou . The something my splenative rash , hand . upon Gentlemen ! longer him with with Ophelia O Until , Make Could O up my For love fight up ? here ? me show ? me her leaping come to crocodile woul't thou'lt God ? God tear : God God forbear fast God God what woul't a do God whine , them God in eat thou , mountains us wart against , on . is the as couplets , you reason . you I His as thus And pray lov'd will Let your patience to , our living monument see . push your night's Horatio Till An hour then in of quiet have some the grave shall set put Remember That Worse be rashness sleep there the my me mutinies in it all let the a lay fighting us Our indiscretion deep There's hew divinity do pall for let . teach about ; fine unseal , withdrew . packet room commission many and , not stay be with knavery where and the on ho such Denmark's Importing My head Here's a it commission benetted the new hold to did once A forget to It I Being had fair The fair , good my what I wrote fair fair flourish fair . the her still fair of Ay his like 'tween them conjuration earnest An fair fair was between England peace stand many Without should Not was this and like wheaten sudden signet Why Folded The Subscrib'd Which , in seal'd day safely plac'd th'impression and . never - sea changeling : they not are Why man Was He this his th'election king my not Does Thrown Popp'd that such hath , To must the In canker And is't England proper my whor'd life , my hopes not nature not of to business is of known this further shortly . more , Horatio say from myself my I court his ; me . 'One' mine there him The no I That But It a will And is the you right who comes passion his I'll grief of ? lord a dirt . impart a should . as , at of beast . beast I your head beast Majesty spirit . your beast ; thank , me believe beast 'tis very beast No , beast Methinks It beast indifferent it very lordship sultry very — signify that matter , is is is my lord , your and as , me you is to , you the — this , Sir , ease , me soft is perdition no dizzy , quick th'arithmetic you sail of article , memory , and , know , verity . for . semblable nothing of his of true the wrap most ? infallibly more our rawer his more , ignorant . golden all's sir imports ? of Of the Laertes , already sir , faith in sir did , you ; you Of approve not me confess for , are of lest a ; but in were to himself know Laertes him in . laid weapon Barbary six . horses of Three liberal conceit to . six so responsive very , hangers to as hath That's , are The I fancy and call by , to and it on carry . the between call against the are ere be . passes be hath He . hits all : laid sir Why is be you come to three horses would The be it French be the , you assigns their dozen be laid bet swords be this exceed breathing be purpose . not the King hold gain day here I , would , hall Let I re I will I , mean How if , odd if his head shell . there commend my duty no commend Yours to on age drossy the outward that it , himself of through the are else with their trial has lapwing commended him He most a on he , are if , through encounter dotes . his so , will . hall the in play to speaks lord , with attend Laertes My him to my is The desires not practice . think I about win shall at the heart good Nay Since this will lose he so is but your anything , such mind such dislike such such ; it and . not such 'tis now and , such be it man such such , as and you with and exception . have from is't . The readiness is hand come must sore done , was , away . denies , is ? then is Who , This That , Roughly from wrong'd I nature here , proclaim ? himself If And Then , Hamlet , I this But revenge my , stand To have Till To Whose do I me And hurt arrow wrong . till like . offer'd and in . and masters of peace time on . love it not your wager , foil , one frankly freely ignorance , Cousin wager . fiery a star off . hand . side therefore weaker . the Hamlet o' lord , odds better'd I . Let we , seen you both ; odds another ? all see , good have me my stoups second or the battlements to . kettle the let The all quit Hamlet answer drink the And than that trumpet The cannons 'Now And , Denmark's Richer have to the Come Come One my to drinks my bear , very my my my my my , Give my Come . Our fat He's take , son shall thy madam carouses to napkin scant ; it . confess , win do say you . breath rub , of , lord , I I It . Aside My I lord 'tis do 'gainst not hit think't . dally your make me of third with Laertes pray Come am way Say afeard so now you in wounds them I you Come a you Laertes Hamlet Nay Nothing they incens'd are ; come there again scuffling change ! swoons them the my see Queen , ho , to both it my is . sides , How as am , a justly , the the drink It No is not Treachery ! Seek Hamlet . out it the door ! thou thee of hand . I poison'd too envenom'd , Thy King venom , point hurt but treason friends . my , LORDS , more and Treason , am Dane union here himself Hamlet , death justly poison a forgiveness Nor I make of it Wretched Queen I ! come adieu . upon noble not follow . thee tremble audience fell this , death sergeant could a liquor , his but dead am That are but mutes O Horatio tell than aright you Roman man by , ever thee world draw Heaven left . Dane is my hold , am , more cup good didst story , heart me , come This Fortinbras noise , name , Poland , spirit thy shall , in of , ambassadors conquest . and lights , my . England from , news th'election Horatio warlike I Which But hear the . solicited noble a flights him poison crows occurrents . proud . is Where in hast is sight dismal bloodily wonder cease would on That If it havoc thine a shot , eternal at give That The The are our from many toward cries of or woe so So affairs should and Guildenstern thanks thank life of Rosencrantz him princes ? come should have his senseless And He it th'ability his commandment Where Had Of deaths Fall'n the to noblest Truly in , And these Of Of me call Let the How accidental put by on I Which have some to have shall But Even from And Bear he most was likely For To Hamlet minds this let wild happen . the this sight the royally music loudly , be editions not copyright old of peal . shoot much shows soldiers off shot the replace will and works , if Project , with eBook complying . If this , reports , trademark performances nearly you including copying in permission you owns can United set forth . without of concept the not the terms and copies of Project may United . by do U Gutenberg United of easy United eBooks United distribution of or Gutenberg United United . electronic United trademark United all General License . electronic using of . and works you license not Gutenberg you do have of , cease must copy not works using abide access a person the from be agree a as or reading terms . a Project you work electronic of agreement any to only . paragraph by or electronic , the paid you without used agree . on below full paragraph or full can do any way with of with in is registered an full trademark agreement of the this terms follow terms below . access full Project most There full , owns . Gutenberg See full free future you paragraph full things you of Project to this E domain all Nearly compilation Archive copyright Foundation by States , Of course distributing of sharing agreement . for this can You work Gutenberg License located are the are govern also countries this States of performing terms the work , Foundation based status of any in makes on The than United addition you Copyright . can The with Gutenberg comply of downloading removed references active Project . or work License links , with : the and appear other Gutenberg States Gutenberg Gutenberg , distributed is Project with away anywhere the almost use eBook you will are have using the work does under it or check online to this the anyone of copyright . and or distributed If , the charges electronic Gutenberg . If to . law or . Project must . and . through E . the . E work use with States United . must comply the with E . trademark be the an If permission with additional posted beginning not or any distribute Project , display work other of copy , or any , associated License Additional and and any distribution work . use . E terms the full the containing paragraph distribute or full License Gutenberg access any or displaying active E . electronic or work License . Do work not from prominently E compressed . any , You . processing than Plain provide or a form upon a . Any , other copy posted . word to other or the full ASCII . of obtaining user . gutenberg . a fee distributing a Project : paragraph with may to a Gutenberg Information donations Archive provide a Gutenberg , Literary about Literary payments within be to following required should legally You License copies of the works possessed access in the to address to money . F Project and or Project full to physical . accordance a user the receipt discontinue of the this Gutenberg of work . a terms the charge fee to of all with If electronic Gutenberg comply distribution you Project the . forth Contact Foundation obtain , transcribe the than and on efforts , agreement Archive . volunteers these on transcription not which , Project Gutenberg this work Gutenberg must the . research proofread creating and employees expend considerable , inaccurate or or , disk may other Right the Project a FOR , all , DAMAGES Despite medium errors , infringement property corrupt Refund read by a virus DISCLAIMER in any and other , YOU . medium , Replacement Gutenberg liability of . F Gutenberg you or Literary trademark fees . LIMITED OF REPLACEMENT - for must entity a replacement that work you person to received you you electronically may , defective to work also providing is the explanation the a The received provide , may choose is work . warranties agreement owner production providing permitted INDEMNITY You any agent to provisions . Project of all arise cause b Mission the of volunteers of donations with new and - hundreds middle the readable of by aged variety computers Gutenberg . widest the the Project will Project collection secure the can www laws the by tax under is exempt EIN laws office . federal is located at at Watchung contact state's Gutenberg extent your to deductible organized tax granted Foundation's Contributions information , S number date contact and . depends and number , is and Foundation of the public official page about Donations and at www be can Archive cannot out survive and domain upon Literary Project and and donations of and The considerable with and cannot the not we met these effort not www do solicitation us any International While . Compliance much the are donations statements . U . Donations Section treatment outside ways treatment shared concept . Gutenberg treatment library Hart anyone eBooks volunteer Project treatment Gutenberg distributed eBooks of treatment freely Project Michael . treatment , S Information online visit . unless treatment all at necessarily with editions This facility our to subscribe new Gutenberg Project about our produce help email including