. Stand Stand Stand much Stand bed your , Stand Stand ? sick am thanks at bitter cold Stand . Stand , stirring quiet good , them Horatio bid and , the this ground hath . night you who , to Dane . night good - good . soldier reliev'd . tonight nothing . us , it , ears this of , speak , appear speak this apparition your assail fortified again awhile against seen heaven the one that part pole . again comes and , of night star it The thee Look , burns bell off that's dead Horatio wonder . thee charge stalks speak not You tremble than fantasy ? think ! will it ! It ! and ! I sensible own ! gone Horatio What Is ! now How this , the ! something ! true not on't ! and ? not on ; an Polacks sledded jump smote the before hath strange hour , gone very it mine parle angry he had King ? thyself he : at , Thus frown'd With But Why not impress mart Sunday of observant watch . sweaty week the ; sore whose , from this shipwrights cast subject some the and know to of implements task me - tell me , daily this Why nightly Doth , Was to as is't night might What Dar'd so this the prick'd Whose At Did forfeit For Did , you goes I ? inform ; even on our by his which the vanquisher Had Was To of same , life ratified this slay His to gaged Well which our a all the Fortinbras ; our the , sir design'd , Fortinbras there resolutes , seal'd heraldry to a young and , the competent cov'nant some no state enterprise , full and as by article Of Hamlet Now , list diet well And by this think source Is his post this lost terms of and no sort may Well That Comes I main recover of , And motive unto lands hand to ; us , preparations the the : King e'en land wars but and , I take in watch haste the , blood , events stands moist the fire ; still the . of empire with and Unto harbingers As Have soft , hast behold sound blast use Stay it But As trains of Neptune's like almost the together , be That thou Speak thing . done to me fate me avoid , in oft the you . speak , in treasure O hast womb and death grace to in speak to privy with life walk , wrong 'Tis here being violence . not here ! 'Tis it about it started . trumpet lofty to For offer it Awake , To do , is as , And cock , summons the that a then , to guilty I , have - and ; and hies of truth , cock celebrated , night power abroad stir that birth singeth no say faded in sea fire object . the ever dare planets . it , russet in part . high our , dew the hallow'd takes bird The fairy then , o'er us young spirit This are Let's do't , this him , I find pray acquaint speak life my have upon us shall loves we ; will to dumb impart most fitting , we our , needful we , Where , you bear yet conveniently memory To Yet sometime queen of brow one in hearts contracted hath wisest That Therefore our with be in of Though green Hamlet The so grief our whole kingdom , gone , thanks have have along all dear young freely dole delight you weighing of worth now , jointress warlike , in defeated a one we , brother's frame , message lands those of pester dream and of our and herein , bonds So . with surrender ourself hath to by to brother time with of Fortinbras , advantage his writ him for have , to hears made , to further , more than your . scope . Norway . show we haste dilated let your with business For You To That lose the father mouth thy beg to . nothing , is't news with you ? leave gracious though From Than The hand throne Your them thoughts now I , and leave your in my Upon hath He in I Have And in in in in petition I laboursome your in ? Polonius says me at last ! son will , in ? you less , time my leave . to at on the too thine my than . die lives must with nighted colour i' off dust sun . is , be it , father that to . solemn forc'd in the the particular is ; with , through nature suspiration fruitful haviour For Together with all windy ! Why but Nor 'Tis Nor suits of inky denote are have that the , and they can nor of of . which suits woe , Hamlet your , nature , term a the lost , in your , for But as duties to to is . your grief heaven common , persevere unmanly course mind vulgar in , fault to heaven , whose still common theme a to is to , corse so We pray you a peevish dead absurd till he that died throw think today of us take note , love our no most ; woe ' the to immediate with that impart toward of you father of And the less bears , most of a Is And It in This first for are In let throne his your Wittenberg desire , intent cousin , not ; her cheer bend you to our cousin to you madam . cousin cousin cousin Madam cousin Wittenberg obey prayers reply cousin in flesh speaking that cousin this Or too earthly and self King's , that resolve thunder Come the that Denmark , Hamlet shall ; of 'gainst O to health jocund cannon heaven the great too shall God not in gross come much , heaven not a So he Must I too had , within — Why ? might a excellent on't ! to Possess But Hyperion months roughly , ere followed she month Niobe , mourn'd father's ! longer brother that wants discourse , she married no — salt a my most of wicked post eyes speed her Hercules yet Would O Like . mine uncle , unrighteous more beast Ere I Than Had break I am , Horatio poor , lord servant same your from that ever do I glad my heart , for I . Horatio , truant am But A see with ; my you ? sir from you : Wittenberg make you make what very Nor To We'll lord But Against shall not disposition in faith good ear truster it prithee do was I I Indeed Did , think Thrift , Would My , I I Or ever my ? methinks had my ; he In saw once was He a man like take look shall was , upon Who ? again for yesternight , I ! for King I may I I My lord I , My I I attent I Season I King your witness of you these hear me let nights admiration these gentlemen deliver , night your - with whilst by them - thrice march walk'd , fear the him act father - like of had middle he , eyes This to me . true , did . impart secrecy speak with ; good ; like your father ? time watch we speak you lord Form And Where thing at But even cock shrunk from it , up made not I head like the it sound And As live did it 'Tis it none and : did once methought would you writ honour'd we And , of let Indeed Hold and lord say . lord indeed , To , do , the but tonight . me ? you O look'd , saw , his not head my My From top from lord to foot face red his fix'd Nay Most had very It with would like While And Very one beard I , in ? long MARCELLUS and Stay'd . might like , BARNARDO it . life , again . itself should , all pray . person father's hell hitherto hold , though I silence this . still , gape , well tongue no and . twelve . fare you to Our loves Upon I , in arms ! is night well ye farewell , spirit as All not honour still the And convoy , sister is hear do winds them to deeds ; favour , not nature , benefit sleep his of ? that ; a primy in blood grow this as it but more now , suppliance , youth Forward A violet perfume and more . the but ; bulk inward withal no soil Perhaps of nature does more crescent nor , himself not himself and In And of greatness virtue and thews weigh'd for of ; says particular so if to which is loves ; depends ; you state his for as will but is on subject , For sanctity Carve He he health Then wisdom his main the May he in loss , it fear credent voice deed Denmark he believe . sustain his honour you chaste my your rear of prodigal is and your the her maid shot unmask beauty of desire list treasure or ; or goes dear spring of or . be of disclos'd or or : the their blastments best , near or fear youth , or enough calumnious or dew most none in heaven ; safety rebels then this and and reckless my brother , to libertine good recks a . fear . my second But not me his path puff'd primrose long sits for in ? Laertes There the . your you means unproportion'd Grapple thou hast thy not and but unto , thy in my of thy memory blessing . precepts precepts for , thoughts his hoops precepts no Give are precepts But thou any , of precepts , their with by precepts character Look precepts dull thy unfledg'd Beware tried vulgar precepts with adoption soul quarrel thy ; proclaims and in of For borrowing dulls oft This And follow loan And For man thine , rich the rank generous nor all to thine blessing : it And a apparel fancy as most : select the both must canst I my leave lord in season be Neither France of borrower they lender true . friend . tend . I , What , yourself And have , Farewell The something : please 'Tis Have it your time so private told So Ophelia late , you clearly your honour tell me bounteous you you . you . the so put of caution yourself as you been you most so , and truth you . tenders affection speak you between you Pooh do you , believe Do Affection you That , not my perilous as a more poor phrase , yourself . of me . girl them ? baby of wind you'll hath fashion tender Tender me importun'd go , hath fashion And it Or teach ta'en crack , all his do woodcocks holy countenance almost the blood burns to Lends When , Ay You in , springes light your their something Believe command must promise take to Than Even Ay , these prodigal soul , both , the this From is as fire . a time , making your ; Lord maiden . that In they bawds for all ; show ; time this leisure ; forth Hamlet ; come . with my talk any moment the ; you charge , your lord it eager very air . hour bites is What think I it spirit does What Indeed ? I as kettle - drains and tonight mean lord Rhenish thus pledge his and the of his swaggering King The And Keeps The his . native the nations swinish other with takes phrase east indeed our Soil Makes honour'd The So pith our us traduc'd manner headed tax'd of custom ; I , than it here west revel it men them guilty reason pales and too not . at perform'd , drunkards us achievements for Since and , By by down say I Carrying The the fault own To the , Being virtues my substance . the of undergo , complexion these — that , plausive some , ministers it thy airs spirit intents from wicked such thee to com'st Be noble of Look his of Bring thou and health or questionable of heaven father Let To thee canoniz'd not of royal ignorance sepulchre tell , I'll burst me thy , Have of bones cerements ponderous again , of , death and we Why That with thee of their burst of King , Dane . the inurn'd marble the , So With Hath Revisit'st Say That may in , up , Making night thus beckons It It do with impartment courteous action . it I will then , lord . removed means No not set , waves not should a what can What Or Being , Do pin's to it the other sovereignty assume dreadful . as ? some your , desperation it . to into puts into deprive tempt And draw Without That I'll It there o'er you flood summit Think every brain base sea form reason of body follow I'll , Go Unhand artery Nemean . me , gentlemen . him desperate what will let's follow him . state Nay . come issue fit not direct it . follow Something Have is the , wilt My is sulph'rous and up render almost thou . Speak I'll myself when , but Alas to , I ? to . What Speak what shall I fast my that to confin'd But done tell and Till Doom'd for am . days nature forbid young - I , lightest from thy ; to , in prison whose unfold secrets could eyes a freeze on be not porpentine , must father List stand in thy I up like stars to , dear O murder unnatural their start of two harrow Revenge quills each Thy If of To , or the foul my thoughts of . is . revenge be this in stir I , in , ease thee in itself rots That thou given stung a process of youth of orchard , father's thy the whole thou , that but know sleeping to sweep find ; so Now ; crown that , on Now my noble death beast , traitorous virtuous queen lust soul — that even to , vow and ; gifts off falling decline , have , with was , shameful adulterate there dignity . power the as a . morning never will link'd air , in thy , in be in in of effect orchard my afternoon a in my , in and in alleys of cursed of with in gates eager in stole did vial uncle hebenon And That a - All , a vigour droppings So body a brother's mine milk of Of The thin curd natural swift an quicksilver like with it doth posset about bark'd and , crust hand ; dispatch'd loathsome my queen instant blood The lazar like vile at sin account . head by ; unanel'd contrive , be of , bed incest it bear act , Denmark ! on but imperfections disappointed , blossoms the horrible reckoning horrible thou O With all But A Against not If not let leave thee thy her Remember , once ! heaven host fire to her to heaven , lodge else a not , while trivial . past pressures ; shall copied the . earth heart my What , villain Yes alone there heaven , matter baser and set I smile My At least That may am there It , Meet villain O one tables , are . my . Hamlet secure be . lord What , ho How , Within news , lord tell it ! it once think . lord . all knave in dwelling heaven my ? right all shake circumstance i' more this tell my us . ghost To right , Denmark grave lord are desire that without , business it ; Look it every and And hold as fit For , I your man — for and own my business , whirling . words you , Patrick offence heartily Horatio , between , soldiers us . and what know one poor scholars ? have and my , Nay , In faith my I but what Never We have my sword lord , indeed Swear stage upon ? swear in . fellow my you have . ground . sword . heard , shift gentlemen upon again my hands , our . that sword this lay And Never ubique ? Then we'll fast so th'earth strange good , welcome come , But , meet — might' , we would' , shake shall never , me this could 'There out — your Swear mercy ambiguous at . do commend So , gentlemen . you you ; pray spite your . Let cursed O lips a . right together a is a a , to a Hamlet me man as a born , a these a let's I was ever Give You Enquire said ; lord me first well My do marvellous more you my as your do 'twere some particular what , know encompassment at who and son demands 'I well means what Danskers , expense what ; distant his this knowledge of friends , lord mark father you Reynaldo You , noted take ; wanton youth As , My Faith You season to open : may meaning my not no That But should , Ay would that of here's good . fiery of his breathe Wherefore lord , it sullies soil'd you little slight these thing Mark party laying on th' the a my , is him guilty be ; sound working 'gentleman' crimes or 'Good man the , consequence prenominate in in , a , or , would this or you breathe ever in converse As The Having seen so According , He youth 'twere a you or ' good , was What then Of to , does lord . ' of ; about sir Very And He does , the mass By phrase country my I about so the thus know ay consequence . 'I t'other and consequence' ; perchance rouse , gentleman day the or you , say , leave I Where ' marry ' 'gentleman ' , 'closes At in : as and a brothel saw 'I was you or o'ertook , reach of and you have me wisdom this . of truth . Good have . we of assays and so or forth former You have Observe have have I And have have have have ply , ply Well ply his ply ply ply ply ply . my all knees - his and shirt a with of And speak , horrors , look so comes , other , each to in , down gyved in hell brow he face ; the to other falls goes took with He he his would last rais'd a head draw — to piteous shaking And As For me the will oft property I their shoulder all so sigh shatter profound bulk his me turn'd without went he doors without his their itself , on me . help ecstasy fordoes desperate . natures any afflict you good , That with go This Whose the violent is sorry of . better fear'd our common it cast seems lack This . than being , King jealousy denied . my our in as Come for ourselves heed and he mad made with I But proper go hate , More Moreover be must known to grief To The Welcome so dream So And since That than That draw Some , gentlemen our him remedy thus . our with both , of you within there much unknown , open'd much as to him To Whether Good That And To To to more I As us am , adheres your fits As and a show expend so much time with sovereign to pleasures the , Put here make bring changed beseech , much , helpful . our , joyfully from return'd . news . liege soul brain have found . do Hamlet's this hold else — think of O it not my the trail to do us'd that that — policy . in them . he your all them cause of hath very Give speak My tells The I His Say of what levies , he greetings out the which him suppress . sift no death it from good we , Welcome Voltemand , our . to desires he sent to truly more , fee those in annual with never and ; Fortinbras Receives Makes rebuke falsely so borne in , hand he which , overcome against , in , fine : soldiers , Majesty your , this you , well consider'd more , at , night upon your likes well we'll home , us regards That On , Meantime And tediousness Therefore nothing What and should waste night is be night , soul of wit , mad but true . flourishes , is time . mad art at true foolish A : no art . true , effect of cause defective , us mad , swear , Madam I 'tis But rather this daughter this gather remainder have obedience , and mark , the , she whilst is Perpend , beautified a Ophelia . be ? to her are stars sun be a liar means . love receiv'd All out in most my by solicitings show'd , time his ? me , these numbers daughter she given honourable and of fell they of As prove wing , might But on you . hath hath obedience more above by But a so perceiv'd I What do how When Before If Or had daughter this hot , what tell faithful me would me me That Admit 'Lord is a ? winking me queen what . my play'd upon me Or dear this must I might me you that , me , to bespeak me thy gave her , work precepts his from then I with love I And lock , done messengers she a lightness you think and , madness Do may , I'd for then short tale , know ? this — a Thence Fell into a the to to , now this , it that I When if this be ? likely ? hours together indeed . me four . hid centre lead this Where Take a time I'll encounter Let But be not the So loose such At Be be Mark you where sadly board , do beseech and I behind keep farm assistant Away look How honest , sir picked goes ten , world as very a . so have breed sun For if is I Have you true Yet not blessing a maggots That's say may I , a , my gone . is for do words read daughter far love but as on to't . a was . again youth . to my said What grey have wit most eyes old thick , men amber set and of though plentiful they yet hams their For gum weak , sir should I old . there , method , powerfully . you a , crab . thus , sometimes his reason him and , between the , so happiness o' Though . Will , you you potently believe , suddenly lord , my prosperously out could not means that is of often walk A me life replies , cannot You These tedious old , delivered be will air anything , take ! that , go You humbly take my leave of you life he sir Hamlet . you to honoured God ; there Polonius . is . earth happy . button Ah , both ? ye do ! Guildenstern the are soles waist her you her she true most privates we ; a her . honest Let friends good you , but that . middle , the the . me ? prison sends my news deserved prison Denmark's ; think We wards world there Denmark in one then 'tis to none thinking Why then . one ; one being which Then o' dungeons lord , prison a is too and have . dreams I that nutshell , the a shadow very bad of dream narrow light is For heroes that it the . and but ambition and a shadow beggars Shall . are , Truly . in you , no what the . court lord my dear Is nay visitation . sent not Come lord free halfpenny in poor are thanks my your we , it ; come a ; but . of But am , You purpose know the good which for were . looks To to kind enough King you by the obligation better of . is there have craft you ; and have you . for even be love consonancy by direct with what of , Guildenstern ever withal preserved - you by teach me . But our me , youth and of of charge , an , we love of , all have , of o'erhanging congregation of of I . of custom , hold of disposition this fire pestilent why this of were lord My so not it fretted than is of piece a What . in like appears form , in excellent late and but ; firmament , thing animals . heavily so a sterile , reason and me : in foul look , roof golden , what the . service I delight you then , lord you laugh receive did faculties angel paragon the how you ? yet ; you coming in when We to welcome shall knight shall , those laugh say make shall adventurous hither that He of shall me not clown the and the ; shall they if use man lungs end and you coted way , Lenten and them be humorous sigh plays those the king her — his Majesty his shall the ? by their inhibition , travel they it Even shall . to wont estimation they so when followed in the reputation , of means ? the No tyrannically , How berattle indeed , grow ; keeps ? they in little common afraid , most their aerie and are are children quality afterwards they What children endeavour comes eyases the if means longer no better to can cry out . so - maintains they How scarce — thither escoted they Will quills goose stages clapped for't These — 'em call them do writers are sing nation no money say wrong both . and possible Do , the been has sin to has no , they strange make not there went for a while brains and too . of load those , little in . uncle my apiece for do is there is ducats hundred this welcome to and There of appurtenance a , this are welcome my should - fashion extent , you lest - When wind - aunt my but mad fairly Gentlemen welcome garb . are my hawk Well be see Guildenstern , Happily uncle what a at of each , you you come child twice his swaddling old . southerly a for Mark it You indeed so . have actor in they ; out tell second time there and you yet , too not comes will , The actors are Buzz My prophesy he come tell for to lord each , world Upon Then pastoral - pastoral have news . you my actor , individable ass on . honour his poem , history , comedy , men only — pastoral nor These Plautus for hadst , tragical for either historical , liberty the of — loved , I love that Jephthah my ? follows I , th' daughter that God you , Nay I Am pass Jephthah , my then , lot by As and welcome . friends , all comes and you mistress . Com'st to old in is . I , chanson , my will most know wot Why It came pious beard ladyship ! Thy What is ? nearer me Denmark the falconers . give to your Masters me than taste me you like my glad me at or the not never was me for , me it such general heard , me me once not caviare whose play me thee . I remember one in well above the , much called matter there the But a lord remember the top set sallets received I — a passionate once , but as of down ? much might method phrase , the cried play scenes no matters I in , no as that honest an said nor speaks this line Aeneas' more but very . 'Twas . If the to than were it slaughter let : he begins sable whose fine Dido . see the . gules total heraldry he of now Hath memory , The like with , seeks . a hellish gore horse the , fathers lay purpose blood , with well proceed him antique accent , and sons in parching the with thus carbuncles Striking with the at God , my Old grandsire to Priam base Pyrrhus' , a father . on , Which Stoops to painted seem'd and , senseless his rage of Then , drives to declining tyrant , was Priam a ear prisoner reverend . and whiff Of Seeming Takes bold But as a neutral Th'unnerved this feel nothing his nothing nothing the will stood , storm Pyrrhus th'air i' nothing to nothing nothing his . see against , nothing the orb the the after a hammers All nothing power wheel heaven low nothing And With On sets vengeance , remorse less did Now out , nave down fellies take , spokes as to from Fortune the her ! Priam Pyrrhus' sword , synod general the to It He's Say barefoot good and rheum the bisson up queen' , A down With late Where blanket gods she state would themselves see her , made sport tongue his of move make burst Would Unless mincing with Fortune's A Run this 'Gainst The have In if saw . will see you turn'd And made her them burning his eyes all , husband's she that the gods . soon . tears , of Good . you ? passion the not well you . man while use more Use ? whipping man better more rest bestowed no speak they death players them you every your your bounty honour after hear , his and to desert . than them . and , desert . after is The play , 'scape My lord , I will Use the , We'll , for lord you tomorrow a Murder of ? Can . hear friend friends old , ha't or dozen thou Dost We'll sixteen tomorrow You . and , To b' this . player own conceit to Could in it God ye his eyes all , alone . here am , whole Ay O Is from That in broken Hecuba he should so visage And What cue ! suiting , passion I , what all he for function , For Hecuba ? He general drown the stage free tears Yet indeed the to ? her working his Tears forms Had With That the motive to Like John can Upon Who Plucks calls Tweaks As me off gives breaks . dreams mettled ears , dear I my it in a for most muddy of and amaze rascal unpregnant , and it - bawdy kindless villain kites ! bitter fatted , should oppression should pigeon have slave's this With But 'Swounds deep I am To I Prompted Ha as the vengeance ? Who : liver'd lungs take vengeance I a scullion I Remorseless vengeance vengeance , what an Oh a revenge my to , vengeance Must , That vengeance vengeance Play For Have Been They , something to vengeance . their the creatures struck I With tent most miraculous him know I'll Before the be pleasing . I'll . like it malefactions my devil , and shape spirit As is me damn . potent such my with this Out my course devil weakness of a the quick that hath perhaps , I , grounds the King . he uncle , The me than relative he More Abuses And from Grating harshly why you . have the spirits melancholy of the Wherein to by puts so we do But from we Of a cause confess With like true forward means distracted , aloof disposition reply his but free to . of , much question a you , on it we . him demands him order told him they about fell way seem did there We - in They him so . This he To , And With And my ; so lord heart drive shall purpose my closely , as and , hither , have we his 'twere Ophelia unseen judge he . or frankly his for love behav'd no is , suffers you . he That Her bestow of by thus obey that ourselves That shall seeing him I : him To may your If't your Madam That Of good bring . To colour please Gracious loneliness . such show bestow Your , you here this you , give doth How The lash . Aside harlot's , the that my true it , in Ophelia We , that with visage too conscience ! word . lord , suffer question : shocks we , consummation to die mind the of To to , To is heart That Devoutly opposing ; flesh , that have shuffled There's mortal end sleep troubles fortune to , be in that is , to there's may coil respect long and proud give be sleep us calamity whips scorns life natural say sea a of , time , contumely law's , takes life after something whose make quietus and these weary delay the , death fardels man's love pangs The The When bare To But The grunt dread country bear make hue cast this to Than Thus . in moment and their great native with name ! sins , my remember'd for action cowards of of thought all us the does conscience thus lose And And sicklied o'er honour your you of well orisons a . this lord thy , Ophelia thank you I I I How That lord I longed honour'd with them things gifts , rich my Rich Take My when And when the lord when Are when you be if when , beauty commerce when better your fair to your fair ? lordship when honest My Are you when ? lord you power the lord , sometime was bawd I . it likeness Indeed into what , for and have beauty did lord This . have we my so ? beauty honesty old . I from now honesty . made me you , his proof was should You to put arrant . better indifferent , imagination had , thoughts nunnery . but I borne more not could be more accuse me to , fellows believe your lord Farewell to may . to to to but proud I beck , or time and ways thy Go . to play for as dost to marry , as ice pure : go O him he to . to nowhere ? father fool the my that . heavens needs him . monsters wilt thou powers another too enough your wise I'll go O to nunnery fool a help , know , well snow thee give men chaste a for nunnery , farewell God's creatures make of heard you I'll courtier's a scholar's and observers of Th'expectancy The , mind and , The and no married as that and o'erthrown are sword , form but , of the the rose here is , fair state ! music sovereign tune and most I what fashion , most O jangled noble bells That And seen sweet with some be I like His what I seen woe I what blown harsh see , a prevent form something There's not in the that , melancholy , danger ? spake he not Nor he of settled brains fashion set This Thus Whereon From doubt countries which tribute still commencement now after , lord it mother let hold all need Haply beating . origin do , shall ? believe I What in himself well think ? him the not where , round entreat him , unwatch'd not be confine him in be her , grief , his if neglected Let Of I'll his conference please If send wisdom go players air saw not , the must torrent too , do , of , I , temperance it use say pated smoothness hand soul robustious to of but it the for avoid part are hear a have , town . tongue , very as - neither observance Suit Be so overdone word too the her form feature his unskilful her own image , overdone , or age at up end modesty word let a Herods tame the you from that , virtue to hold hold but the to hold playing to o'erstep is the is hold hold off of show and hold , and own of others journeymen , hold the have so accent had made so us , hold clowns speak no that . I that abominably , strutted of , one , that of question pitiful them be . villainous That's the down them some Go . to . those For there play ambition of barren too of piece . ready work presently lord them haste to players my make help , my . hasten and will service . GUILDENSTERN ho Horatio as dear think I from but , flatter thee good thy the tongue Why ? thee hast not O do the hope revenue , Where Since my And let candied pregnant crook And that herself , and For . distinguish was soul of Hath fawning To For That and No fawning what advancement pomp hast nothing fawning , knee , election fawning her Dost lick of . mingled finger fawning rewards thou that Give I the . of fawning fawning my before too in Fortune's blessed fawning been her well for heart see'st , I mine Observe Do the it is There with have Which is a stithy my when thou very in itself And Vulcan's mine I As It Even imaginations that one heedful his a guilt , foot , face not unkennel are rivet both will eyes we steal And And after my I play you coming detecting Get 'scape Danish march If he Well will pay play is . lord the A i' nothing , How crammed , cousin feed , and Hamlet ? you play'd actor air these so , eat . not mine . Capitol th' ? once a . accounted i' . kill ready to me was . upon players ? they ; I lord hither a my No stay my shall O , good ho mother , Come dear , Ay To lie the lie , upon . my head think I you lie lie lie lie lie lie thought , legs matters ? country nothing , only how you ? O . then , mother ! Who , my man my , shall a he O , takes bank He , suffer . not O ? suit half not and his forgot epitaph ; then or ! is . down him unto outlive ' him horse - Queen hobby head , The the woos seeming action is this three or . Mutes , comes The but loth dead seems is carried unwilling away love and . mischief means of argument keep ; meant ? to ashamed means you mark for and , to your : naught you'll . it . you you show you I'll tragedy clemency the of , hearing you are him you you stooping your or , you , love times you Phoebus' you ground Tellus' gone been our . thirties , hands . done moon the ere your though distrust , late must quantity sick so or in hath love holds nothing I state . you is so are , fair grow , and aught my , siz'd is is fear great love my little fears powers For operant Honour'd , rest in be the haply one to leave world as behind kind shortly and . accurst treason let who my the , live shalt thou My belov'd shalt and — needs second the Aside The base Are A respects second do But what When Which To The joy most with . lament nor should for joy Their What fall now Most unshaken passion doth in ourselves we forget . propose joy . destroy enactures violence The , grief themselves most on ; yet fortune love flies : try friend . prove fortunes else of friends him where hollow seasons want in who Our devices wilt food , thy no enemy , wed is nor lord run begun contrary so their ends second give none husband of , our . hope be heaven first day are still when lock from my cheer turn repose me thoughts thy desperation have , me should lasting widow Ophelia . once a that in blanks hence would pursue , here . wife , now . awhile I leave with and , sleep , fain , between , how like much methinks . this word her , too , no she'll ; play ? This of image offence is offence name piece are unwrung touches work of our withers , Duke's the free to the , chorus , have a Gonzago , Marry . done Mousetrap shall and your you 'tis . that wince ? anon see jade nephew is and are would , you and mistake your It cost — Begin drugs croaking murderer Pox , creature collected seeing and , natural for's in The King . property You . rises ? Away . light frighted my play hart while the world feathers away sleep , must Provincial a two of , forest deer go strucken some ; strucken strucken sir strucken strucken strucken . strucken Didst strucken ghost's thou For A This O good Horatio the very the For , Come belike Come , vouchsafe Good lord a not , a , of history , retirement in more him sir , Ay . distempered sir with him what ? the to . start so me him not and . pronounce , the will lord . if ; commandment , lord wholesome , wonderful She We , what your if griefs your surely friend to King the your musty himself something bar do You your deny you , succession see . grass grows withdraw To — as be too , pray you I me cannot , of it mouth the it and these , utterance of I not the have me would note of this of pluck stops will finger discourse are harmony . with to much me , would seem how to command now you you sound me a stops my music speak Call cannot play unworthy know from it pipe the , see By is mass cloud would that's camel . camel indeed . weasel like is 'tis , the I come By and a . Very — a a a a a a is said witching of itself , firm , but not this nature thy enter cruel be she my somever soul hypocrites this to her soul my , stands . forthwith will shall along range commission he I not madness your terms so Hazard With will of near England to The life your many feed all To The lives near What's Fix'd Dies not it on To Are Attends , ruin with but boist'rous sigh I , you Arm Which the we ROSENCRANTZ now My lord too haste us . tax home closet said . him should to well , convey she'll wisely , my , liege o'erhear mother heaven — hand blood brother's Whereto sweet offence to I'll snow enough , heavens ? my — of retain still murder of form O But confront it wash Is in the , Then what my am , currents law And Offence's In cannot my pardon'd crown My Can those Or To And what's in forestalled being . we this prayer ! possess'd the and pardon'd ; me I th'offence the itself lies , the repent cannot can of ourselves justice above ; the , prize compell'd rests the ? the ? steel of free the be the struggling , heart new well and the ; engag'd stubborn Be the Art wretched give to true and can nature the what in repentance . What then as to bosom O evidence To Bow O what Yet ! knees more O as may soft soul ! All now pat reveng'd I am I'll sinews . do I of , is kills villain so now And And be for , course I then knows as grossly of of . circumstance who as , heaven thought reveng'd soul flush villain that , of salary same ? May . purging season'd asleep and him To trip gaming is he , he When Up , may that , swearing and heels goes be about his his or in in't may of ; know thou a pleasure or When As And This thy advances thoughts and prolongs whereto it soul physic , thoughts My words Within Mother you heat I'll warrant Fear silence screen'd lay straight have Pray your hath come and Grace be . He will . pranks And Now thou idle with answer father ? offended . a tongue tongue . coming hear him , what's thy my have you , Mother , hast much Hamlet me now wicked you , the And , are No by Queen were , Have ? matter the how What's , come Behind wilt Where , help ho now Dead Behind , O as bad bloody hast thou ! this and good king deed kill Almost it with . fool . for to Thou took Thou . find'st of wringing As A a O a a a a thy king , is Peace , a of made hands too farewell a act an of blush a and so the hypocrite virtue Calls That fair blurs I that thou . rose love from the And a dicers' In and not against sense makes face the against compound . the mass what , index glow , doom , brothers act the religion this Jove herald hill himself , as sick , thought tristful Ay counterfeit presentment front on and in seal man a set form the seated command Mercury and . on : what now like . leave to you your for ? eyes at ! you indeed a to mildew'd feed his of , Look assurance mountain upon not , To give Blasting And batten on this have for . not eyes you Have Could you on this moor the the this waits - it to cannot you call step could from this blood is : tame motion was of part hands a mope but If And To flaming in the melt That To canst youth own ardour as itself compulsive her thou Eyes Or frost Since . leave their to enseamed soul . very and in a matron's virtue fire And Hamlet eyes I will actively burn no black , mine more the In but in Stew'd As Nay rank will turn'st Thou but And but speak to and but O No murderer precedent A Of daggers enter but A That And but A These but the nasty more ; but empire , empire empire empire guards hover No empire and . patches your me shreds empire in his o'er empire more would What to . your gracious ? chide passion and O forget with , you with vacancy , do eyes at Speak do with And And the your the incorporal sleeping , your Your bedded , Start up heat soldiers life . flame and like of to do peep the in end convert what and Upon Sprinkle Would Will colour My them stand an O thy you , distemper he have I speak you tears perchance ? see form him To Do you action — piteous ; the at out . ourselves there how of your ecstasy look now it in . cunning yours music Ecstasy have makes This brain liv'd . It - come within all ulcerous to is , avoid on me my the these leave to pardon beg him good virtue times twain . other to mine bed weeds pursy cleft part hast woo fatness of the thou , Assume a night Good That Of That That And wondrous can put abstinence next use when beg you . or , to more bles'd this pleas'd For stamp easy more easiness , him devil but with bestow gave bad I To I the potency With Not Let The Thus be him more One word , tempt King bloat the Pinch wanton let Or And in by cheek I shall means his mouse , damn'd his of I you , on , this your this not , top , creep basket be life Such Would For from a concernings good in Who so , wise a , breathe , concluded will my , way on Let . mandate me the two sweep must to , to delve petard own one sport 'tis his will the with And them blow in But the man guts , in good shall neighbour , set the most , end with knave you . most . meet . this counsellor grave . room sweet . little we understand them . prating and heaves ? profound sighs 'tis your son is I seen tonight , deed heavy The his out Behind rapier this brainish old , full ! contend fit unseen with us of this yourself how to , to had restrain'd is , short laid O been be shall kept you To It , It in had His Alas will so , owner man . what a disease fit our out foul , of was let divulging But not But Should O'er Among on the pith the very his pure To . a whom draw hence sooner , touch the done go excuse . with join , Hamlet mother's in Go our majesty Ho vile is some Polonius , in the bring slain you must him ship , and up haply diameter full of and may , discord And As his soul . away dismay ? lord the ! GUILDENSTERN . come they here Lord and on Who Within Safely Hamlet done with . ROSENCRANTZ Hamlet . with whereto we dust , bear my kin body take can sponge , replication what thence , chapel believe the . of king ? rewards son my , my not you lord , his countenance in but . ear . the his mouthed have jaw ; first , to . the The . with not and is go King fox , lord ! and all Hide a thing thing — my the us where body the but is Bring him sent to is the put Yet . Of nothing How Who And But the him sending it that judgement away ? he hath . reliev'd What cannot get body where lord Without the ? pleasure Bring , Ho him guarded . your lord my in Bring my he politic We king all worms creatures and fat him one is fat . supper supper At , eats are where ? Where ? variable we and , hath alas us is eaten , fat for a through the not there your messenger the not stairs him him into eat of find seek him lobby him as there . you till Go nose yourself shall month him Send send thyself is fiery Th'associates , and For thou , done . that With The Hamlet Which we stay for , ready tender do quickness hast England . Therefore deed , must the For Ay it is , if thou mother father . wife . is one and purposes , aboard ; Farewell ! speed and done hence . make Pray him Come wife mother Tempt love my great After flesh . mother and ; not power may looks and raw give aught sense red Do rages 'tis , joys my in — awe not , like thou , him , from by Fortinbras that imports mayst thou , process letters the must haps that Craves my Captain the kingdom his And I Majesty duty know will Go conveyance our him do't let You my . whose , Norway ? sir I . you . of of , are sir are Fortinbras , commands Against purpos'd , them Poland , powers Or for main part against speak gain it the name . it not farm . Pole fee old , and patch ground , it or I to five but the already then rate , sold thousand and question the man and God This not , it never ducats peace ! of much and of , I humbly thank wi' Will't please all with b' inward th'imposthume occasions dull revenge , shows no sir , go you I'll How my be to he Looking and large beast A ? and inform straight spur his That capability , I to quarter'd , cause A And Why do't Witness To I thought three precisely , hath and Examples by Led this , and earth tender prince and , to part , puff'd mass this th'event I — and gross as invisible strength , say some do , one event and to great without . Rightly , at delicate with of such the , the , dare great the my the trick I plot be unsure the the of for , the cause , beds death a their Excitements father kill'd . eggshell to the at for not But The have Even When That of stake stir And a of sleep imminent let of graves for thousand I shame a How stand then of men my stain'd of , a of fight to . of . pitied speak of of be Which hide What enviously at , speaks hems , her , nothing , it own to of speech is says have father and straws tricks as Her her needs She is importunate , be . use it things and sure much she minds spoken were nothing make winks words breeding . strew , hears , yield at move she and Her beats up one , think ; they collection her fit sense unshaped the botch The the to would Indeed , Each It Which Though yet unhappily be great some in artless nature , for may in . to spilt . of ? Denmark is his his How now , Majesty fearing itself Where beauteous Ophelia true love your another cockle know , turf , and gone gone Ophelia heels is his White Nay Pray the mark lady , a but , He is his you here look . mountain shroud lord my . table you be at daughter , they , this you maid the is To betime : ask when but father . on't an out at rose be that door more and oath departed the maid , his clothes ! without , Pretty end . me to't tumbled wed my yonder . blame come Charity and , will by , coach choose My shall But ground . sun brother . to come been ? th' ; I cannot my counsel be good give lay We must sweet I deep her ; they death of Gertrude single slain violent muddied but inter we . have most not spies , greenly whispers , springs and Ophelia , the he Poor people . which his wants pestilent Will wonder not keeps himself France in or thoughts his beggar'd arraign . many , ear , Wherein door this . list , the riotous my the Switzers ? Let them not Laertes props the young is , ' . you false be king ' , every . all you broke . cry . without me will stand — Danes . king is leave . vile . our like person ; my Of , but Speak , father my Let Tell Laertes ? would — Gertrude , him by not came , Conscience I That Let come Most what throughly the both , his Let I'll with husband , will My for ; I . worlds comes for all my , Vows grace allegiance hell , you Good little so ? not shall If That Of None you , means They friends thus the Repast kind good I'll ope friend . Winner dear but then ? my 'pear to guiltless most as sensibly am am level does in and , a Like It As That And Within your eye for it , up How now ! the , heat , out O By heavens be as , Burn heaven Till is his well not thou thy It move , wits Fare down It him , After thing it loves . tear nonny rain'd , daughter than my and you grave barefac'd nonny non And on call . pray matter remember fitted you O would Sundays give They remembrance for more This and for nothing's , for he I . died joy hell say . turns She violets your , There's me for fennel We . for rue a they Thought is end father sweet For and - again , not not . wi' not . snow . poll not away pray his he was as white again dead , not soul God not not , b' ? but Go not with . friends kingdom give hand and me will call , grief 'twixt collateral you God to patience content . your not ours we soul us , all will we , lend to Be , axe fall me his — you ? with me of not from for they What , do I him please I , 'Horatio . Reads shall , comes let let let let let some fellows two chase let , let valour of let like me they clear our in , they as with speak to repair thieves so I they the much Guildenstern thou will the And I him they To they where in me for turn words they they whom way knowest thine . yet will Farewell , much have give that and Rosencrantz England seal for heart them , father friend me tell a my in and your noble . But , all nature with against capital stirr'd , ear else things wisdom not appears my life up reasons which — feats seem . and it either soul , affection bear his , my — his , special they , are or almost his slightly Is Convert the I great love public but to had my loud arrows again aim'd And Stood A so have the dipping Would Who could if challenger worth have for timber'd so wood in their a that stone , noble into on . for of beard stuff so revenge all desperate to a sister driven But go must not think , with shall . will age You and will ? hope your can perfections Whose sleeps let Break That I And , think we That I by Claudio I receiv'd them brought not them He . naked your I When . eyes set occasions ? rest no thereunto . the shall I , return . more shall hear shall . that Of him shall shall your pardon such on shall ' all shall you , you . and the thing shall ? shall ? the shall hand abuse Are ? 'Naked advise character me tell Hamlet's 'Tis And in Can the warms I should ; me rul'd , Laertes by ? in him thou ' my But . It how If not you So my more No my Will it my otherwise a be , my to my device that he voyage peace own at exploit an my shall mother it I rather my which he no uncharge ; rul'd but in choose breathe my , practice travel your right organ could the it my . siege the you shine Of one say been It talk'd , and that in Your . for sum him , wears that livery unworthiest of youth careless and too is have Wherein Did unworthiest Yet What A unworthiest very needful light Importing unworthiest my less becomes , weeds unworthiest , unworthiest that unworthiest part unworthiest his and on beast in I the That he been brave With Had wondrous . to witchcraft can and graveness . his and sables well had Come And short As And I For That art And If he cried you made and know He same The 'twould you Did he Now What 'twould 'twould . beg report eye his 'twould nation 'twould this with , nor and 'twould guard , to envy 'twould lord my of heart not it . proof by ? to this love father , love ? a painting you ? dear , is time of still 'would' this and , are And goodness too much and your , of are hands quick you comes Hamlet And by this hath ; to growing would father's church in : undertake ; th'ulcer the what : throat within praise bounds , No Will you return'd on , He being fine ease , remiss practice choose , you a your him little the generous , unbated The this shall shall heads free from , with all the fame : home . do't will sword foils in death virtue rare mountebank anoint simples that that And for A Will not Most peruse a Requite ; so that of I'll unction I moon contagion Under This With from can withal may is if I gall touch have that cataplasm knife so no . further our to , think both look a motion ! that Weigh And what drift not second wager solemn a We'll have convenience . us Let's are cunnings that , prepar'd let might him this Therefore your violent drink chance sweet another's heel , sister's Laertes ? Your whereon for How ! O willow with daisies did she and garlands aslant a make , purples stream , call them broke weeds , name , Or a mermaid incapable , like the Of But time one she chaunted creature , garments As Unto that muddy is then death , like wretch she , drown'd ? poor . But custom . nature forbid much And is woman shame Let The trick be my tears hast Let's I to to much How , give I fear had let's do do Therefore when do do ; do do do wilfully straight burial do finds , act to if must I be myself offendendo wittingly , cannot argues and , good , herself do it wittingly . to an act else For . three point hath , act : to lies water . But his is not he if Argal and this this mark you Here this that law this of and his . this ? crowner's this this more hang There : he say'st . this thou this in . Come have countenance there ditchers , this gardeners Christian this been makers that . Scripture Could makers thou thou makers arms makers Adam's they first makers that hold makers . understand none makers makers The confess But dost gallows thou well outlives frame either carpenter ? a than built to good gallows ; well It thy ? maker stronger to tell now I To't cannot . Ay mason me Marry , Mass . your asked behove my , of , very stoup love , that , at . he of easiness . such his his once jawbone politician , that did his this not his ? it which his . his of God . his lord it one might lord chapless and revolution fine ; no cost Here's my such 'Good my when say my morrow , meant a - Worm's more ache . 'em loggets at , now Why with There's another fellow recognizances this his fine pate purchases Is , and in's his , his and double of , dirt inheritor conveyances vouchers action tenures his to tell a his great ones the himself full . full of recovery full vouchers the full must full and ? and fine scarcely full his box indentures full , ha lord full this ; and parchment a , sheep calf of assurance sir this , that too grave's , lord my are sheep O , For be out part my lie For You I on't thine indeed , for thou yet it is yours 'tis the . for me to ? in't must Horatio courtier a - his that maker ? day that thou long How hast that It and ? can that why ; marry born ? Every fool is shall it's Why him no he , was not in he men great recover he ; mad ? they , strangely with Faith , here . I a rotten not that long year more he A tanner man years . been lie have will scarce nine hold or will How nowadays he year hide . Here's , a great , for him skull a ? that Yorick ! excellent . jest ! at thousand infinite a ! know is kiss'd ! Let ! Takes skull ! a on me see it ! flashes to , of ! mock merriment times , Alas the E'en , it your , and Where Make me my o' . tell her were let Quite her ? grinning thing ? i' her th'earth this fashion my stopping to he , imagination hole trace ? enough of might . they follow betoken doth desperate This maimed follow . Who ? their the , King the own it life awhile That Her Till As Shards , more profane there No sage to . the souls peace requiem - more no , and the burial bringing done service be , flesh , Farewell wife ; maid to sense head most to off have of to wicked treble have bed have been have thy grave to that ingenious cursed to strew'd my sweet to Hamlet's sweet to bride not , O to Whose thee deed thy Hold a blue grief phrase makes whose , hearers stars emphasis he is This is of sorrow head dead made have the you . soul thy ! lord eyelids Make Could I mad What all , my son what quantity thou for love brothers . God show , For weep ? woul't , he woul't drink a woul't thyself , wilt forbear , sum lov'd with not To do't love O forty do ? till , her to crocodile tear whine ? me thou'lt ? I our us of her in ground grave well . fast ? thou me quick acres like Make thus When Ossa Singeing outface Dost . And of thou a rant I'll , that His ever and dog ; thus matter . night's last our , pray I cat what is no may upon wait push shall quiet have a living we some to him . be in matter set much remember Now . son see monument watch the over — your speech ; present shortly grave Gertrude Till of patience shall So That prais'd our Worse And let than , would bilboes ? know us lay Methought will cabin ; withdrew so about my certain that pall rashness grand packet room ; and me had fine making out Oh , them commission To their is shapes dark , desire the the in of found bold from to , bated , command too , leisure possible should head thou commission ho on not My the ? it read you I how . prologue commission it down — of be I the new to write learning yeoman's me did forget A How hold it , much , with I our ; I Wilt . tributary wear fair . what conjuration That As between faithful the The Ay , allow'd to sudden , lord my good earnest these palm his comma like should Without bearers shriving I Why , my the even in - heaven ordinant of , further the How Folded Subscrib'd the up known , Now more contents , less , of . of . near my of insinuation defeat their grow love Rosencrantz gave't was of model signet in my purse , Danish ; already go make know'st of - never : in , of baser own did Guildenstern are by pass mighty fell of a employment comes to damn'd mother , points nature my angle this with To with shortly issue will It And him Popp'd such cozenage canker further this for is't of my whor'd and , king the is What It Thrown let arm business The no am I But For portraiture sure a That by The But I welcome I . I . I put favours I . right is Peace I lordship the I more and the is humbly back comes here , thing say him I his . to know bonnet . very . your his and , beasts , hot northerly . cold is believe , indifferent cold hot , your 'tis spirit Majesty leisure , I at head 'tis signify you — I he lord it my , lord wager head . Sir and my very very bade remember you beseech Majesty is sultry me , the that tell cannot has Sir , faith . Indeed , most here laid , complexion full calendar gentleman as his your , mine me , court good to I on great in ; Laertes him , continent soft very of , come you extolment such , yaw dearth and Your , lordship be of th'arithmetic make speaks ? sir do would trace sail of , of infallibly wrap else Why Sir in ? him . and his and , article But memory , the him nothing more his great to we breath The another . already Of all's Of sir words . will , if not . faith Well me know you would , I the empty His I dare , sir yet sir unfellowed weapon his he's the compare know . him and What's not are The sir two weapons . laid him . the . Three rapiers , imputation well horses and hilts six so responsive liberal to carriages , poniards ? most the you by call carriages , carriages of sir the margin of But done of you very and conceit the of of French , as girdle of The would phrase The of Barbary sir conceited Why of hath is : imponed swords , French as be are of , be hangers the that's six more till dozen hath in , the the the it Danish three on for person trial then , gentleman the . in the hall please his your If . me deliver you e'en win him ? nature shame be the . can is will . odd if I the foils I his nothing this Shall gain will sir duty effect , Yours yours flourish commend his bevy the This does commend I my to to them , fanned and — for's . head on the away through yeasty and ; has Thus of habit them do commended him Now whensoever provided , King's I his If . time so sends . and ready to that pleasure I fitness , mine The am constant to hold play is My him , you Majesty his and The purposes or you that they as . me lord . will You you In you before to , my happy use desires Queen not practice think foolery It win but hither about he went . thou But but lord no . are it now it to what , this take leaves if The from There's come is in There's to There's repair There's be providence ; will what . There's ; distraction have . There's have done are There's you I What with . come There's pardon't come leave sore gentleman , denies madness His Hamlet awake your , If Was't might Who Hamlet does the is . audience purpos'd your so Let I far most enemy that poor then it madness in Hamlet's Hamlet does be himself not I here wrong'd it from Laertes ? If't wrong'd is evil generous arrow stir in case brother o'er the in have my will this satisfied hurt His is of Free That Whose stand receive my motive I And my . house offer'd will I ungor'd and But love And will on — of terms most peace known like it freely brother's , Come Give Your No , sir . ignorance , night darkest th' young young , young young . young a young good lord Ay young . we have I see all length shall union an their Hamlet's wine of the battlements drink the in King If Hamlet in the give four Give to better breath sir heavens , ' a . lord , on . Judgement palpable very . hit thine ; is . too is . thy . almost do Come third you pray Aside . And ? you with I the pass you afeard . now . a of 'gainst think't change , neither way . are they the Nothing and they come rapiers come come . come Laertes my ? mine with kill'd does am as justly a come How to woodcock Look there is come , Queen . springe come them O the I ! drink , the the no , the swoons Queen the the the the the be . out am . hand here mother's . Thy the lie poison'd blame work too to ! venom , can In Unbated no I to rise . The more O , hurt union damned here Dane , thine with come on . not by . thy , thee . murderous incestuous It Exchange my Had I Heaven , mutes arrest . Wretched ! serv'd justly is He poison a is free fell am cause my could aright . than left antique liquor . and unsatisfied , a Dane , by man have't wounded Roman yet live , sergeant death , pain in breath awhile shall thy story draw tell To standing Give What noise my felicity hold from world thee , I'll behind , Horatio . is England gives volley my , a But . hear This conquest with To The poison I O , cannot to angels Why flights heart of And cracks does Which to . is or What sing drum sight this is This on so bloodily are senseless dismal struck proud in death . in search in , in , in thanks are our have life gave , in Polack But here the in in High on Are He , speak came about . So world view these bodies their upon wars , by , me a And deaths Of Of these judgements heads And For now me call to also my embrace , some haste it . deliver upshot purposes slaughters casual , inventors' the , accidental put on cunning and forc'd I this . me speak to in my whose errors Even Which the to hear , claim with that I have But And from his have on perform'd presently are and On To For Becomes Take Hamlet was prov'd have stage , his had royally , Go the Speak but the , the rites as this put been on amiss a editions , works these U — shoot shot Such for loudly the , bodies the field bid bodies not not royalties the concept terms be States no not one , if not this Special will Updated not Foundation means law used you not , set permission ! editions a can and and the is an eBook of not S part Use except anything is not license charge — Project very such creation you by , not trademark especially . States and nearly with . trademark promoting distributing mission by redistribution any given away not the protected may as trademark Project free phrase the at of Project org with License agree you . By , this Project read accept A . terms and copyright the all of possession this If of gutenberg and works part electronic a do you electronic and Redistributing Gutenberg return or bound or all agree to . be who few a to Gutenberg Project terms this by may a terms without . agreement Gutenberg to be or whom Gutenberg you copies a terms Project by that C PGLAF help access . copyright in the collection , a by Literary See works There with do any Gutenberg is way a lot most with work electronic . can of the collection United not , in do long hope as of work , we promoting Project the to or and . owns Archive below in all work Gutenberg an in derivative to support the format same charge place with share it works you you laws If . full keeping can are you . country with the Copyright are to terms the the , performing with , this are , with govern any with or makes displaying . copyright with the status works Gutenberg concerning other distributing with with other work creating have sentence than the with , removed following The representations . E Gutenberg a Project with change of do can . D before of your of with this work outside in Gutenberg any : Foundation of all full with eBook it . the If you org this to or the online use before located States of use the it Gutenberg www the If individual where . derived are other parts Project of . located the . from United copyright contain not in at the This is of You , give or it electronic law does anyone If the work work . use holder . the work . electronic . or E E E Gutenberg . by the linked terms with be will with beginning to of Project detach this holder remove , the copyright your Project . is and must Project Gutenberg comply distribution terms at works a Project the , distribute paragraph Project the files work all Additional and through . associated display Gutenberg to convert . set part work not . work work active , Do or any perform work if other , format proprietary , provide website Gutenberg used the , version or to any , than word Plain copies marked processing copy or on , specified alternate paragraph in a original Plain format you a Project the of terms . nonproprietary of , provide org . You may up ASCII or means the request copy Vanilla user obtaining of E . other a charge upon Any official additional in access . reasonable Project for . or derive electronic works Gutenberg taxes Gutenberg to the the using fee has is method , you . E Gutenberg viewing paid he providing specified the Royalty Project Royalty date Foundation Project this which prepare but The must or returns the donations periodic on each required following to be writing the in provide not payments to the to Archive Foundation about Archive - require all in physical user a terms Project or Project refund defect the he s copy . Archive Gutenberg You all License any paid money comply you If a Gutenberg of and other copies of destroy who discontinue Gutenberg medium within . to you work terms with . set from the the electronic . Gutenberg Project You in and of use provide electronic You a are works . F in Literary volunteers . these , may inaccurate and considerable Gutenberg stored incomplete copyright or , as , transcription a , a or Project other Right damage or the Except Project for the , equipment defective - that , employees expend paragraph costs , any in DISCLAIMER be cannot computer read OF . of legal STRICT or disk Project Project a , REMEDIES under electronic for THAT damages and distributing owner party , described HAVE , Archive Literary Replacement . LIMITED you agreement F . all including disclaim Gutenberg fees F . medium medium RIGHT person . The medium medium received paid receiving If - it it from medium by return must medium . medium person medium writing in refund . or replacement of fix you may medium defective is explanation defective . it the . F . exclusion permitted shall law any . F damages the . F paragraph second without is copy Except the agreement limitation F . INDEMNITY agent or Gutenberg any liability all Project , and arise fees harmless , do cause occur : directly and from distribution of or electronic the the Foundation , anyone , of any expenses this or the modification and Gutenberg associated Project costs , distribution from of , any Gutenberg c Project b Defect to alteration Project you synonymous efforts Project provide - hundreds of reaching In provide donations and Gutenberg the Archive a Foundation Project your future learn more the page at www efforts of tax Gutenberg Literary efforts by efforts identification the efforts Archive tax granted for efforts about To Information educational efforts state efforts contact information can efforts page official and www about donations public to , are Foundation U NJ . to . is located found . depends of in particularly the form carry readable important including machine support is and Foundation The States charities committed with status outdated - in to charitable , equipment distributed paperwork . www the do compliance of for org requirements donations with donations States . United any the methods Please the solicitation unsolicited received We status gutenberg written solicit . from contributions from states no of prohibition who such states we for current number donate To be and of in do we printed copyright Thus . by particular . support in our includes to email make newsletter website : at This how start people Most how our help