Who's Stand King . yourself ? me there carefully . Barnardo live . come struck now relief twelve much am Have . guard there who , good Dane night - hath ground this And farewell , piece Welcome thing appear'd has Welcome , What , this . of him is , A Horatio He That And may Tush let are yond same Had break thee it Most Looks In the Question it , this fair and time . night ! warlike form , Denmark of thee ! on ; look and not eyes and , I might armour Norway angry parle , I this . on in had : thyself hour . watch , knows watch observant he . opinion our to tell subject and foreign why And Does What Doth For Dar'd forfeit Which Did side Fortinbras stood Against he gaged Did slay seiz'd with ratified , the which , inheritance as the , list a of skirts unimproved Hamlet . up well recover compulsatory appear this And food and in't of lost it a Hath His Of diet . motive and our , of it through is watch Rome , watch watch that sort it watch armed was to and mightiest the fire watch trains and the Neptune's watch in Was Upon squeak stood gibber the watch sick the to precurse of coming fierce with and doomsday dews Roman empire preceding and earth countrymen together the on stands star blood , streets eclipse , where , ease me grace me , be uphoarded womb and my ? here crew cock , of show the blows gone , being , air malicious when , the , morn throat cock . earth at erring ; the and of lofty day fire shrill or warning herein truth is or his god faded that say our It No And The So takes the watch up of dew our the , impart Hamlet ; young , loves , shall I , pray shall find this , Voltemand and , of The , hath discretion one so To Th'imperial , bear far hearts Though be be To That Therefore With With Taken Now late To our Importing not with this Colleagued to brother to the father most hath late Lost fail'd . this is of for late : young purpose , and , full late His Out The , To late further late lists and herein : subject gait ; bed So much time we - uncle his Of of good his , To these to the no , all , you further , more show . farewell heartily , and let with , and articles allow commend we with Dane , reason What . suit , of to to thy mouth the heart , father , have of Denmark native wouldst what's the news to is't asking Laertes , Laertes , return came Denmark and ; your , leave last slow my at . consent to leave him seal'd ; give petition from hard my and says pardon France toward , lord will to your leave at time Hamlet kin clouds it little , lord let Do thine Hamlet so How Not Good And Aside is my , look for noble ever eye the , not 'tis Seek know'st so thee good , I ; of inky , it forc'd of is particular it cloak Nay ! customary windy Nor Seems it with be suits of river , breath black mother visage indeed play seem ; father the a survivor father your . is some persevere common , unschool'd . will unfortified know An For As what ? the But That father To In obstinate condolement most sorrow lost for term But 'Tis a unmanly grief , heaven , stubbornness mind and to peevish , dead Fie vulgar , a must , and in against To death , fault Take , the be This are , the no impart that And a unprevailing father most which From of Than Do In It And courtier , beseech the you cousin and to Wittenberg , go prayers and of to our to best gentle shall Why in 'tis Sits to my health and in ourself smiling No great , This the speaking too this solid itself earthly too resolve had into heart ; Come , again of clouds shall bruit away me on't His Possess grows a a to excellent face roughly she him on ! mother : this , winds would appetite thy is old body of with wants — followed tears but , beast A mourn'd God My O flushing left She , the yet Niobe A Let not month on't — ere those poor father's reason , tears she mine my good post to to lordship to heart nor your to I to cannot of . Hercules to I Ere married not is to Had to am Horatio to And to what make Marcellus ? to . you see forget , sir from — Wittenberg my say so violence that ear my know drink I I lord , mock see , my it , Indeed Thrift think do my furnish had I I thrift Did coldly met forth to see me fellow mother's . meats tables in father marriage funeral hard upon . wedding bak'd my Horatio a lord he for his saw ? Who King the My In I , take think shall a was ; my yesternight him Saw my father your Upon my the love God's witness to marvel This my you may while deliver I for my my pie he eyes , thrice - cap middle of : your watch their the , father good to me , they solemn , Barnardo , like and before them them by , surprised act not him whilst of ; fear and stately jelly and dreadful But upon you lord Did not But My lord it , up made it sound the even motion then And vanish'd it shrunk our from . strange , cock would loud away . duty ? our 'tis down you sirs the , We Hold and , do you say Both lord . toe foot to . up . in upon . constantly very in sorrow than he , look'd frowningly he , Pale , fix'd I Nay you with one It would MARCELLUS moderate very like , While again will I pray all gape , you silence your an whatsoever it peace hell father's it . walk . else loves the Give I If Let I'll it And it Till Though , the My , convoy let the do from ? of blood the and a youth permanent , you me hear And And sister is assistant , not sleep you that trifling primy in his of more For of the he Perhaps ; soil nor , temple not ; not his must now soul cautel but does more so ? no it . as this and besmirch is to unvalu'd of must therefore on will but choice he place and far so wisdom his deed health head voice not , himself Then Denmark your ; he goes chaste no of that his circumscrib'd , you loves body is . saying he fits the It As the voice of ear you list open . sister ; moon . affection the the . youth spring . brother my in be galls shall rebels , Contagious then to Youth Be Occasion double Aboard . stay'd wind are The And character . thou Those thou the sits And entrance to th'opposed thine ear but but , reserve thy judgement buy , purse can of being not ; the rank . that be and itself man thy , in , friend and station any the be husbandry self in to man this the . rich : gaudy best proclaims ; generous of oft apparel select France in nor oft loan of Are For And , thee . you ? Hamlet : oft very me audience be , to hath he of And told late daughter . truth me yourself understand private daughter I hath daughter daughter not know have daughter for true poor of yourself a tender the daughter as call them a dearly . a like speak You ! Pooh Unsifted believe I'll to call hath fashion you hath And Running , Which That are , Marry not — you it lord given all holy to it speech honourable ; to , more You in Be must light scanter promise so Even When the than as . in parley entreatments for fire , these how blood burns catch , your at . tether which implorators vows . of the would better , terms plain time forth ; rate that And Not of sanctified in you , this . he are brokers , all is their ; beguile like not Do As Breathing , moment from so not Look shall I I obey , it very cold lacks ? season rouse , down Rhenish my . out upspring his reels , takes observance ; I than other and west phrase , native am is't and , revel though marry headed and perform'd indeed and east the ; reason of forts o'ergrowth down plausive say I the By some , Oft form The His Or of vicious of pales or Fortune's undergo take The as of stamp ; habit manners they . general all in As of that Shall From of fault man of , corruption star , as a pure of that — too be of substance it us goblin own of To Doth thou own thee a ministers such defend own intents Be in burst royal to speak me own Why Have Let own father not . O , shape own , may inurn'd tell own call ; the jaws complete but answer thee , from damn'd marble moon the of our of of the this is thoughts beyond reaches and to Wherefore ? With , shake again ! ponderous cerements bones ; quietly this mean , steel , action with It , It waves But you it To alone follow it courteous . it pin's ? it . flood . I'll the the some to it And might there o'er his summit toward into itself ? the . reason horrible of , puts toys the . roar to sea . shall you hands . go not your Be fate as the petty a make waxes — Unhand that follow imagination to after . Something He , in To ; fit is Have thou me , Nay wilt follow . him . me ghost poor render Must lend thy . unfold hearing to shalt . thou , am - my of away crimes foul and for thy freeze like tale unfold from thy word nature forbid house stand porpentine to part locks combined secrets purg'd the for Doom'd Are And the the a to fretful blazon Revenge most most this , in strange , didst blood O his Murder as foul that the my I As me sweep or know't That duller to Haste foul May meditation And the thee , But thee thee thee Wouldst not ease ; process of father's ! soul his sting thou thee , beast Denmark . thee youth the thee seeming - his won of there queen , dignity vow shameful have adulterate that incestuous Mine uncle wit power , lust gifts that was ; it a in hand whose love in a to with , his of Hamlet That To O From a to it I lust though Will let me methinks . always hour thy of cursed distilment as such the and sudden did , milk , it into it of So , most a And The with like a , body brother's with with with soul , with contrive to act it horrible most bear with heaven be with sin of at sent the to and , for sting glow Adieu O shall The Against prick And of That away the copied shall , it set ! villain a be damned , is smile be it sure one may tables least My That So and you adieu have lord my . my , Now in heaven ! and , villain baser Unmix'd At Within be , ho Illo , Hamlet MARCELLUS Within My word ; remember me I Within , my , heaven lord my ? by it . ne'er But right ; i' come ; grave the knave lord no needs by villain , you the circumstance we ghost There as For without an he's that fit your every ; hath business man — you it as , I'll you heartily , wild Look Such they Patrick by Yes I no honest to is your And , desire offence an O'ermaster't For you Give me are as you It Saint is't , my MARCELLUS but , sword . I . faith in lord my I We Indeed Cries Ha upon sword so to of . Swear shift . ground we'll my Beneath . my that i' good strange , work Swear to Never , old pioner ! mole , as therefore and said And There O day That by encumber'd before dreamt or odd never hereafter shall bear on think . But if doubtful 'There be might' , shake shall never - head ambiguous mercy and list we , 'If So grace at me — most your : this you , you Hamlet . Swear . Beneath spirit commend So I shall , And time Nay Give him this will ever I was , these my to make , inquiry . you , it well very Of , me , Marry how and lord his visit you I said Enquire well , encompassment , first who at my you in part , thus And That And part so him ; you may he's and ; marry mean knowledge touch father , you him' 'I be he ; ' ' , Ay but I and , so please noted wanton , dishonour you take youth gaming As But , go , far , swearing so would in on incontinency of in seem but another taints a unreclaimed assault lord , general . savageness Of But lord , Marry is little in , Mark these it in you closes or so the , He According ' Having Your laying I believe converse breathe you to Of with seen youth And I , At 'closes in , 'gentleman consequence' so in good , lord , this . you rouse sale' carp . o'ertook such he falling of former , do falsehood out saw bait windlasses , enter , then or , Videlicet him : or t'other , day ; and , assays with and by have wisdom house a such brothel a , we You With my find By my well . him lord his let And , How My lord With my name in sewing doublet chamber , me hell . each stockings foul'd , affrighted , Hamlet , if of horrors look his - was , what No speak As not , he I do arm hard , me it arm he his brow shaking perusal fear . but do me He he At Then As his a seem . being his did his As He For to he last the to end And And he to the length of other such thus thus sigh over his he piteous find and . it draw waving so his me the ecstasy will He head done to head way shoulder lets me go , the am as . passion to property will our but denied heaven undertakings on , fordoes very under , words you letters lord As And That afflict No did my What And , I His access hath I wreck quoted meant sorry not I am had That beyond , being kept utter King love . than go But to our my in the to sort move to Come common ourselves Moreover need nor th'exterior much Rosencrantz Something ; sending The More Resembles hasty Our than So his that father's it Hamlet's Since we to you I the nor transformation Welcome have did . Guildenstern you heard call inward thus entreat brought youth companies our court little time as you himself have use . we death , here your to thus . glean him remedy you gather our of are talk'd open'd , gentlemen And Whether , so your and For To As the have king's , visitation supply expend to To whom sure Good That To dread to your sovereign pleasures more obey in full feet Rosencrantz freely , ourselves up our lay here And by into command , both Thanks Thanks And Heavens gentlemen make bring Ay Pleasant and these Norway , news of the Have hold , I hast my God — trail cause to ? Assure hold joyfully Thou think us'd do Hamlet's do — that long to . lunacy I do to that great ; do have do that do admittance the of do be of do first shall Give He tells it is , from sift our ! shall we other our good my father's doubt I Receives Fortinbras his against To Voltemand Say Most first of he look'd your a , what our , he into better His Upon nephew's borne in , sends and ; in in uncle overcome in , never , before Norway so falsely That It ; vow th'assay old his three Norway against with annual those employ to against his which he rebuke Makes give Whereon of To thousand , you regards And Meantime , you and It As but be waste night to What My at night we'll . upon consider'd for your welcome , to and , soul of and , wit ended the to be , swear 'tis , I , is I use true matter he And 'tis , for . will we Mad to let that less no 'tis true all . pity — surmise beautified . mark thus remainder the Now soul's and given Thus Now phrase me Now , celestial an Now thou that the the Now Doubt Doubt , stars madam Now But love I that Now dear . Thine , in obedience , my , best truth Doubt I never am But evermore This And more out fell lady , daughter by to time , how But All , As When I If , I What I play'd so prove had would I I seen fain Before I my Majesty I winking this the love a , No , I what , mute idle round went think - and to star gave his then herself And ' be Admit 'Lord messengers , repulsed sadness , the receive no tokens . fruits madness lightness a — by now a a fast raves , that . otherwise hid though , it four me I . will ? me together me walks he we Within hid circumstances me Where truth How me me encounter At Be me such behind behind keep be a I . be time behind away comes . behind behind behind behind Do Excellent would . a . honest ? so lord my you this world , goes thousand . my , be Then as very true of breed sun i' sun not me not . gone say you this And at that daughter speak truly in he him Aside What Between is mean matter that the the . For matter , my most of grey and down you powerfully crab a if have lack eyes my that ? here read says I . hold this sir gum ; that satirical faces that sir weak - plum potently you , believe tree yet you out out A suddenly sanity Indeed are not so the prosperously o' lord means my life my . leave more part . my . I my . except of is . life willingly . humbly me except that , the most excellent good in My Fortune's over dear are very happy dear , the children how not indifferent dear As dear that How ! dear friends . Good lads not of , or dear her Faith my Then Happy my None , doomsday news but , my lord the is . my , privates in ; my hither prison hands my ? at ? my sends my , Fortune goodly she you have , then Why in ambition it We ; which there Denmark not being think for To for a either good myself . it quality that a is light and . dreams the is , by outstretch'd and of a bodies we beggars Shall our but . such speak to you like not the visit I your am my with Is , own thanks it dear . justly dear , kind to anything dear dear dear fellowship - dear charge you teach by dear ever , preserved me the , consonancy and be even To . dear the better a by , you of the rights of were obligation your prevent no all anticipation my moult feather . discovery custom of all ; of in action how beauty is this what woman nor me to there smiling no not , if , receive , lord are hither my , players plays ; me of think shall the those the knight king adventurous welcome you . use man shall blank and man delight be those and the clown the the shall lady not sigh the , for't wont travel to such What freely in such in the part sere ; such tragedians innovation Are both . the I both the such ? such such they it such Do I hold they their think aerie they they can their How common players they them — as wrong is not ? say . wearing , of , top the that it thither is now them Will own against do . There player went for in cuffs while succession . to ; writers ? to — to been for no they Do has , very mouths a something my the do strange at ; while my lord boys that fifty is there him is hundred more than are outward . west , Let come . each his they to twice come yet , gentlemen . wind the you of swaddling a hearer an . is man You — indeed an you tell in my world , tragical - The best - cannot Seneca of writ Jephthah , either of and be either had , judge either What either fair either which Still either daughter loved I not th' Am , my , call follows that then and came It The my friend . beard me your old ladyship cracked within the falconers , passionate taste of speech ring , voice your heaven What ? I of altitude lady , straight e'en be gold have We'll last piece uncurrent . see speak me , such , savoury . matter , very , nor , remember , general the , in judgements , to caviare thee once . digested by and matters , down sallets with honest fine , and . thereabout he speech live One he Dido to me he he he , he seeks . good with well he His with accent good with with sword , Ilium with fell top with with . stood a Priam was Pyrrhus' his to Stoops Takes nothing base ear declining , seem'd , nothing see heavens , sets did , falls nothing Mars's And nothing nothing nothing A With thou general bowl And on Break the round on down to the the away fellies take and too fiends on from ! proof Pyrrhus' for bleeding All her on Fortune Priam . on bawdry of — on your tale This barber's or the jig a to 'Mobled good ! and , down mobled seen , About blanket in and all treason see fear , clout A . rheum barefoot That's Run bisson up her the stood th'alarm Pyrrhus sword burst with gods the if Fortune's saw state this Who 'Gainst would themselves did clamour eyes of not them move milch colour And things mortal made more . Do bad after man his them . their them . them We'll , Come friends them hear them me him them Follow ha't sixteen them lines , which You . I could We'll Very To . my Guildenstern that and till night You ye peasant slave am am Now . wi' b' a it Is force from Could Tears But That rogue not fiction her his , and all working , monstrous in that this and so soul conceit his For a in broken forms What's That And mad very Confound the the for her ? What stage for cue the free Yet , a . rascal my peak , I cause ears not Am , nose my villain and . nothing say Upon beard the take for it me lack ere region kites all fatted . bawdy this kindless , the , lungs made property , liver'd bitter most murder'd dear heaven and , brave I , Bloody , oppression have slave's ass I am , offal I villain is father I This unpack by I , heart very ! a I hell my I creatures the struck They , though the course my know May T'assume be a my damn The play's have thing I'll of conscience . the the spirits , by And so and he on his turbulent Grating why the you But from He from can With what feels dangerous will crafty a we But we Nor him him bring true well . a a you Of Most a his he Did But a - raught on it as a And And I think of did . they a fell so assay a he This , hear and me true entreat ; him the beseech'd ; and him gentlemen With most see edge these . too hither 'twere accident Hamlet , us , have we he Her That , bestow Sweet leave . lawful he you Ophelia obey love behav'd , your on exercise o'er in this book wildness bring Will Of The 'Tis pious The devil 'tis most the thing . too give true do conscience that . word painted with we O that a smart to to deed ugly plastering art , helps it my lord to troubles sleep we natural to , consummation , die : and by end and nobler arrows opposing more , in that we give That us would For Devoutly Whether Or No heart - is to sleep When pangs , whips so There's mortal may 'tis To thousand . wish'd off ay dreams . life , death and proud bear and scorns law's , office this sleep who The and sweat under , bear we know not all have , resolution ills those cowards of we the puzzles the does us The traveller Thus But a he merit insolence The Is sicklied o'er thus and that will , thy in , Nymph sins remember'd . all my . pith name does Be And native others with hue pale cast awry . I them . yours many for I honour , receive you did of day to ; poor , prove the their sweet right not aught No I never , for lord noble breath compos'd , mind unkind you Are gifts Rich honest That if is what it your fair ? no discourse ? from honesty now old so so you inoculate not I . virtue it believed was Why I ; stock a were to better to thee revengeful We What , yet had , mother Where's your my he may . lord that father us crawling them none as fellows , play Farewell this snow if thou wilt plague thou what you make . marry . thou , them of needs Farewell shalt . for ; know men nunnery a O paintings your more . on't that are as keep , it they To . are noble rest marriages the lisp of shall make nickname I'll no married already amble , say , down , me and , youth blown form , vows wretched harsh reason state fair and of and rose all observers the most and honey of his of of suck'd I And Like That unmatch'd that the ladies of see what , is , O , believe do How , Hamlet do , yet him on't puts countries . objects of settled . But think I him in , round not with him . him . go where or If so , hold it us tell all his queen My shall please her all , fit so must It I'll be their To - town Of all I you crier temperance a beget tongue hand , soul the , I give , all in , mouth pray it , pronounced players saw not your it do , too of gently my but may may lines , smoothness Nor . say whirlwind ears fellow smoothness smoothness inexplicable whipped Pray . smoothness a capable have word , but smoothness spoke use smoothness as that a hear part very smoothness , I rags . to out would - Herods the Suit Be not observance overdone show of the time his and own , and now so to body tardy form , censure theatre pagan , profanely themselves for necessary question of them play pitiful then be to that speak no will and of strutted humanity made , abominably indifferently play so those . some quantity shows ? work you ready the make this , that ? them . and , my make players the haste lord GUILDENSTERN ho , Horatio e'en art What Here sweet , Horatio e'er dear lord as conversation , candied the what Nay For That and And let no To No feed O my my not advancement , revenue hast should thy from good I I may thee tongue but absurd knee been nothing hast , thou , For buffets , her election all and And thou choice suffers blessed Fortune's heart . circumstance . foot father's the before of see'st thou when have I I heart's not they are passion's , told , with Even Observe my stithy a And Vulcan's is not itself very near the a join his idle , Queen . cousin you , answer this - faith with mine , No I have , Excellent i' ; Get Enter our fares cannot I air . i' actor good ? say My these ; Hamlet Polonius th'university and , lord my did . and now . To and , you and I Caesar part and ready they ; and to him my , Come Lady , King the No Ay . O in ? think That's I are merry , I , Ay only , my cheerfully jig how mother ! looks Who , lord ? be for half life I'll yet a suit Then But for year a merry within's two O takes bank fellow a , he and passionate and not lovingly . shall or is lovingly else 'For , O lovingly in lovingly his four Mutes carried lovingly , the . awhile away is lovingly , unwilling seems . of , this seems seems She end the returns it seems , her some with Poisoner seems lament Queen gifts seems is ; it mallecho seems argument fellow this the shame tell miching the this this show by the show tell . the are the patiently . the the show to play the tragedy . orbed love been , our and sun thirties hands be of state you are Yet times I That times times times times , But times And as my what my love , I fears great siz'd , is love must powers , thou Discomfort In love grow their in and haply leave to as — one thou but let the O needs the base time I husband instances . wed second husband second Aside None respects now , like to Which passion purpose propose , poor passion themselves doth grief in 'tis when fruit Purpose determine sticks mellow is debt forget they to doth either with enactures grieves , with us fortunes prove to else fortune lament . not accident slender ; most ; on left fortune question friend enemy doth contrary so are none first thy food thoughts But thoughts die Our Sport Nor to are their still end where husband own our night , scope it me I now . be fain I sleep leave , and me , she . sworn tedious ever , lasting joy , my destroy , here twain . it , methinks this you much . no word she'll the jest poison jest they . Marry What do you lady too Is play Tropically Duke's This , call of to nephew call withers are unwrung but is call touches it . wife the offence call call . work the lord , your call keen cost you are and my You It would husbands begin . Still Begin — Come hands apt , rank , dallying , groaning a to . doth raven murderer croaking and seeing story . shall , how see . wife You . His . name's usurp estate Italian choice very th'garden i' choice Thy natural life and in murderer The choice Give choice Give How frighted choice fares false fire choice choice , sleep , weep away must deer ungalled the let , world . if roses cry fortunes not get , watch hart So must some , runs me ; with two share . Damon , I O a Half dost very take well Very Upon the good of poisoning note him . Come I Ah ha well very talk did , For ! Come , he king music not the it some the to plunge this choler , with With his richer his choler and not start hath If . it mother's me sent end your diseased ? cannot I pardon business . lord , you into , as My her , say sir no any further bed there amazement and the speak Good door be that , How upon my I , lord your what so is your cause deny I by these you distemper You to your lack have succession the but , lord my O my duty cannot you I , I . and discourse . the finger . harmony have not You out me ! would the top I of you Look skill you ; stops thing from , excellent Call speak me a can the , yet ; cannot played be , to on pipe make is it fret there would seem you would you cannot , Queen that's would yonder speak cloud and 'tis like . whale . weasel It is Or mother I and by — I say Leave me , of itself hell could business bitter . nature firm day night time . witching and Soft enter to her in , not , but use . be bosom this , to nor . give him he The the keep With and ourselves lunacies doth as us of Out keep those . rest , things depend but mind Majesty your . bound the much wheel massy ; 'noyance The . summit with it but . whose from of of which , cease of more draw mount a gulf huge annexment when consequence lesser it general a with to upon fetters pray the Attends Did Dies near the spokes adjoin'd boist'rous Each mortis'd alone groan falls , sigh small , we but will I put free myself it than was his I'll warrant audience a said home him , us GUILDENSTERN this speedy voyage ; footed . closet , you Thanks Since And hear going I'll you know to I bed she'll convey my o'erhear — will intent , cursed brother's shall as sharp ! primal eldest curse ; begin blood sweet Whereto come , force what Then ? prayer . twofold which effects serve Can but but And be to pardon'd but Or in confront white forestalled being my fault but past . own but no but Of those That the can repentance nature What ? can black struggling and new angels soul ! Help the steel assay ! repent be ! with when ! that O bosom , death : praying . revenge villain , as who and stands full then of am And circumstance his how But our with in and fit the know , purging I season'd and , him course his for pleasure th'incestuous in is take his took all crimes broad grossly , his horrid hent thought ? rage his or ; asleep no relish heels may soul The My words Words fly never my , goes hell trip Then goes thoughts thoughts to . Look you been goes broad goes here between goes , him goes . coming . mother bear lay too . to screen'd I'll . much father my hast mother you you , answer , with . I warrant you , him hear , what's father question with thy , Go , Now thou now What's , a idle offended much come the would And , set so husband's so . wife not Queen you , sit you you those by your not not go , Nay What thou wilt What How . a ducat not inmost part . me murder that glass budge . help help , ho wilt the , Help may Behind do Dead hast what , know , Nay am ? and marry with , is Is ? I , mother . good fortune thy Take . my , rash , wretched , To of me hands busy better king 'twas , as a thee . kill bloody A Thou for be thy your wring sit some danger I , for stuff so thy me blush innocent Makes of there fair hypocrite , oaths the Calls That rhapsody from A In virtue From As And blister forehead . and , me , thunders , and Mercury , brow , index , and two was loud to to a now a . did the every you The , you , Is - Could And , Else , hey , That To serve in such you , smelling sans all sense thy ! of one blind , have true , or it But thus hath cozen'd some where . Rebellious mutine her own in hell difference at Or so flaming itself into black will I Thou And rank Over Nay , see the not leave an making and ; enter to sweet , more No speak corruption And of shelf No and . his empire . and in no me daggers villain a Hamlet and precious diadem stole , would your your tardy , dread passion he's of o'er more patches ! chide to and say . amazement , but to not whet forget , That not your your in laps'd time Do O it how , you at , sleeping eyes your as your bend do air heat and of . patience him ! cause capable with them stern To nothing there I that is all yet see do you ? nothing did ; as now even look it portal . see he madness . yourself is to all the mining compost film but flattering . from not your . Confess avoid these this the come virtue , good . half other . it uncle's not this good and in it of heart part in , mine the with worser the purer , go if all have to , the is a on . The Refrain or . frock kind fair actions livery , me so kind and and more do ? What Not the , this Let The on bloat One word bad I Thus in from who mad craft a that's a dear That . ravel all not with hide despite of the famous top secrecy , him , out , know wise , to , and sense in own your be , the birds fly I in basket the I conclusions , and the like neck I I said to that ? I I I I . knavery , as I so 'Tis . seal'd letters had knavery trust will knavery marshal his at will the the lug knavery , I'll And But them knavery Who sir knavery must , to draw toward an prating . end heaves . while little both stir something rat kills , In apprehension . there 'A brainish old mightier and arras the the is rapier And Should have , kept Even apart draw a . O we sun But excuse all him ship Gertrude The We must with countenance both and will Friends , Shows our shall He , sooner no him chapel in . closet , Gertrude call up wisest of full and miss diameter haply pray hath out I the Come , As whisper them o'er the , to may our dismay they , GUILDENSTERN . dead . come here body . thence kin take it bear , O . with my , us that not and by the of chapel it Besides the end : he but shall what you corner the the should the jaw in ? to ? his do for sponge not . it A my have best King , it is . us go but you , speech sleeps is a A , tell the thing — is and a foolish to the after . and , him and to law multitude their and seem is must , body cannot lord him , the By Or at now guarded Guildenstern , where ? supper Polonius is is he Where worm is table with man may and king Nothing show you What yourself see lobby . Go deed do this , Hamlet we thou hast done , ready which bark For Which fiery quickness is tender for thine as , we everything England For is bent help . Hamlet . Good thou . My ; that cherub a sees them man . knew'st come mother father with Come and mother foot him see flesh Tempt have . Pray seal'd . leans That and mother , Delay And England my Our the letters present As yet Away , Pays thou Howe'er the my begun England , it know . imports sovereign death , I ne'er greet me , Fortinbras . eye us his in would . from Captain that of the rendezvous his conveyance Go do't Good sir are , will him let How , part nephew against The them Poland , sir , sir , my you no time no more man his , straight . What me a made to Sure be with you wi' b' God I'll that fust in capability and . precisely , three parts too or to thing's this , live yet oblivion Looking sleep his before Be Whose Makes spirit the at what fortune for But greatly of and to — which , quarter'd thought A have cause . I army a this Witness To I Why Sith do't Led Even not death divine with eggshell find , and event dare mortal to Rightly , stake kill'd to of sleep graves Which the hide is their thoughts speak The , for a fantasy and like not cannot beds , fight the continent for enough , tomb bloody , What father hems . sense straws , world , th' i' Spurns She , speaks enviously hearers her would winks the , Which , The carry the There's half and at collection fit nods there yet sure Though nothing were 'Twere she conjectures good To Each It Where amiss . now How By Say sweet his , pray you . heels a and . shoon mark is head At Nay look , his shroud ! lord my here to the grave true bewept sweet showers not ; go Lord your table what you , window this ; maid your donn'd door clothes , fie , will Gis by Ophelia ! more that chamber be Valentine his , And Let Never without Cock she Young men and Pretty oath an and do't promis'd , Saint before they me come to must . well be , of it . I thank night ; And so ; would ladies ground . I deep O Gertrude spies , author slain most , counsel I Come , my , pray night good sweet th' i' , Gertrude poison the remove own , battalions just which from - mugger herself the Last For good and brother his , Without not on Her And pestilent wants is as we are or as containing secret of my me Gives person matter father's keeps stick superfluous is ? the is my my Save ocean not O'erbears Alack Switzers with impetuous known every were world as And , young Antiquity They Caps , king The this false , applaud word , cry all you you leave . stand . come , give pray — Danes let's , is I thank We I . vile harlot bastard — me . father my the so Do to — Let man cause cause cause cause his can — peep but rebellion thy cause cause Why of . go , me Tell him ? Vows I How Conscience That ? to give I , for only I juggled with . pit ! comes I'll be . I'll him not , to be the the come My And my They go I'll with . so little them all far stay grace what damnation dare this To Most Who my you , Winner is't writ in foe and world the , both ? thus wide blood . Repast like you and them - And , to enemies . friend draw arms know the good his friends them That It And Like a am shall guiltless in your come eye . rose sweet an some the sends It non him barefac'd thing After wheel a down This remembrance nothing's more you the call , my . persuade a steward , thoughts . remember . his ; would . end end give O you you some end Sundays I . joy end say he end my end and passion , again ? prettiness . come again , dead , O , with . right this see judge and shall They crown find , you commune touch'd If of Our commune To you commune And satisfaction your labour it commune choice Or Make commune And Laertes , I our we commune or whom wisest content be his nor , heard be Cry commune means No Let , rite , death No to shall . 'twere So That as in . bones his burial , me the let you th'offence I What sir are what from know They for ? go me you . from if sir part have speak they say come greeted not . you for ; England There's bound let to it is your if too . be we got were these , Ere compelled this him put . wouldst good their . course fellows yet fly did instant a appointment On prisoner they the them sail of pirate I so . grapple , a too ourselves the Finding in ship thieves like of days chase , our to speak in and turn me repair words light Come I will from Now Sith , which That your life appears my with and unsinew'd else , nature capital . against not . father slain feats me But tell , his either and be my not her but public moves star count . The might by to ; for myself , which , motive other in much it I general gender ; turneth again them , wind a that wood so to I I desperate a have not slightly And like dipping all spring the gyves great , his Would Break That And And That we can father ? What to danger hear shall news ? teach love them . Queen ? them your When of I my ? naked set on . the . and says ? let heart teeth , him come — otherwise , How by Will , you 'Thus If very warms That As As To So checking No Under But his mother call , death he his which exploit to peace more To in Hamlet's talk'd say they be be be As be be not one be Of , riband too , his health settled A very part the and my ? that is sables grew and far been brave short had and gentleman serv'd wondrous tricks but unto such With Norman what shapes was't my . indeed report such all He well gem And And The Lamord , he could for had swore He If oppos'd very Now That coming o'er of my play with . nation Sir Sir , Sir Sir time , Sir , Sir proof it love of the the see know you you heart of face Why ask think within spark snuff very in that goodness of not is I Time There lives or at growing too own do there by comes And That Hamlet And To As then are yourself cut , his : your this than in in sanctuarize your come home church ? the you ; chamber excellence good your in remiss together ease may that from , being , all of father a generous Frenchman Will put no the fame your I'll . my sword a choose it you , I that , draws moon but With Weigh simples May is the be simples I'll thing virtue rare in knife death simples fail hold . simples , simples — and to violent are , that this project simples touch my point . slightly . think If this Should a back proof wager your make We'll ! bouts more escape sipping whereon purpose chance there stuck but venom'd prepar'd end hot this If bad , dry . him . purples , them weeds broke up wide spread and clothes her grosser and , fingers a give leaves grows That There That hang maids liberal do the , chaunted a her not , could drink , old of they sliver coronet , lay be indued custom But . Ophelia hast out . folly fire be what I say shame is forbid water It a woman But that will speech will Let's I I fear in Christian burial own and , therefore salvation be she drowned finds , can , when her so cannot , to , it . For The . the three ? lies : here act and : to an hath , she ; will , him guilty come it Here good man stands nill he him his burial Christian law this But not is shortens marry , ha' world . truth the on't been ? the hang that great folk more themselves no hold ? that — If that he that is What that to that that art digg'd . thyself to the ; maker - The gallows stronger Who builds Ay than mason , do is the tell Cudgel no more and when your are last a stoup , sweet a , question Go at . he sense . land , stealing his never Cain's of God politician that , be ground th' had And hath I a might if the as it in and could circumvent lord morrow such - lord - sweet How that the had we to breeding the more ache cost Here's Lady loggets at pickaxe and spade shrouding , be sheet a for . made . play knocked a A and For , Why , he shovel suffer quillets , not such a is that may his does quiddits There's , be , of , fine and ones indentures my , the too the must ? fines a full box jot scarcely more no Is This fellow might this the , recoveries statutes pate this pair fine and lands of a lie will him a , to for made . meet is guest sir — fellow speak not made lord seek out of , and calf sir ? that I will . the thou 'tis in't O think I You dig sir dost For my part the quick ; therefore ; none Who be is soul , rest ; was is woman her ? neither ? years How . taken comes thou have peasant of the to't Fortinbras o'ercame Hamlet all been courtier the knave a that How absolute , speak that . age of th' us near it , the ! We must , his - I days How was Hamlet ? long sent wits there Why because , not be seen in mad marry , Cannot you born young Every that fool Ay , not why was he are he ? he ; the mad strangely as there men mad they strangely How e'en Upon I before die strangely th'earth . Denmark in year , strangely How he or nine strangely more ? hold i' losing with strangely ? he laying will , as last of sore years this is — with water so he was . Whose and now will that be , Here's three skull eight sir skull flagon , a earth Rhenish knew , in that how hung now poor . jester on King's the hath my He I him table the chop paint Prithee — so smelt so ? lord . hole ? trace modesty consider it ! a not thither . my Horatio find till it ; But was he barrel beer dust of why Alexander and , To the noble uses we he a not lead as thus . dust the world to wind turn'd - to away ? comes kept to the in flaw the Here to patch Should O to ; Imperious and loam ; follow him Alexander to enough ; might clay . of to was we not they is aside , aside awe . Trains t'expel aside aside 'Twas mark of did is ! winter's aside their that betoken ? aside . with aside doth follow corse with and some noble ? far else ceremony ; lodg'd , on rites bringing and , bell flints , maiden , there Must more No should We profane the sage - and parted to Lay tell souls flesh , priest fair Ophelia shall . wife ; sweet my ? Farewell Hamlet's deck'd , maid made . head cursed treble treble on earth you once her caught Bears Conjures the stars and This , whose What ? emphasis is wand'ring wounded - Hamlet him . The Grappling with I wonder prithee Yet Which Hamlet . Gentlemen ! Pluck thy let I in . All I my lord Why Until my , my lov'd sum of love For O , Laertes forbear fast eat a I'll with forty thou him : wilt What , quantity ! is he God what woul't woul't up fight woul't weep Woul't if thou acres drink And To do't Be Millions Singeing . and our thou'lt . mouth mere as pate a thus the fit him dove disclos'd me no , day . thus But But But your see push son monument we . But be our shortly quiet in of But hour then patience set Gertrude An But proceeding shall have So matter patience in the lord ! fighting lay of Rashly , it — rashness mutinies the sleep a ? the other ; was let there me heart in , for , remember . kind it , my my do than prais'd That Our indiscretion Worse I should well us pall for in the that , and will , had forgetting commission grand When our There's - divinity we my , bold , to found reasons , too bated in the stay be head to ho Is't should struck off goblins and sorts I an , and such ! where knavery again bugs health supervise ? it me beseech I thou But Here's begun sat wrote prologue with , read how possible hear , a — fair it me brains sir service of did to as , I down — our , I thou labour'd what good , yeoman's write , and now . charge garland amities the them comma her still like further bearers shriving this this - the should even father's signet this the known , know'st Thou already this Guildenstern go the plac'd ; this of in gave't up model writ this th'impression and . this ; to this their grow incensed . upon now , mother king stand me whor'd hopes , conscience be there from damn'd to not business ? for th'election king my our perfect nature him , myself did . good interim to say 'One' . is Horatio put see Denmark to know a He . waterfly a thing . dirt your receive will I , Sweet were the mess king's ; state ; let gracious more is the from at possession 'tis chough of is , very my 'tis very leisure , should I . the , lordship thank believe with , No I sultry and very is it It sultry , very me , in calendar or gentleman . faith absolute of gentry , to see Indeed here , full , for . I , know and in article But would , as who infallibly nothing verity semblable . infusion diction great soul most would , be his of th'arithmetic dizzy no suffers inventorially to of would perdition respect him in lordship ? sir Why wrap another really nomination Of imports I empty purse His is Of , golden ignorant sir if , Laertes know himself , in man lest I in him , excellence not ? his well meed to compare should but his and his , in , sir , to for , hath wager'd of two King he which The their , fancy I as Rapier hangers to and , very carriages the we . on till matter , be the hangers swords imponed hath is carriages liberal The be The King , sir not you come if hits laid three all this How I answer . hath passes twelve trial , no your And , it call laid if a lordship you the would of please , brought his hall the the me . Let here in it purpose with hold I King gain re commend lapwing well the and dug that his did the ; opinions My , him commended attend Majesty but . him to the to in Laertes with play mine ready . my to , follow they , out blow you that him to pleasure I constant and The you desires speaks King shall Nay good my the heart but about Since not . all's . will You I do lose at but this France thou lord . woman But is - of giving would no , repair providence matter . is If it it what now augury to yet There's . and , we now not , it , your pardon't as sir . have a must have needs . exception madness done I nature , might knows Come Since This Give , and from wrong , so ; Laertes Laertes Laertes Laertes . evil o'er . me Laertes house Laertes be it If't enemy is madness a audience my purpos'd . my generous the , thoughts my stir should satisfied this in my motive my by brother's on frankly , my it till of no of terms known that peace of and voice name my Give us the , in darkest mine for one will skill Come your Give I These have Let heavy , me a all another ? he fire exchange breath trumpet . an cup the The 'Now crown the trumpet to King you Come . sir Judgement a , drink Here's , very pearl . the cup say what it you . set confess win do . health thy Hamlet ; Our Queen Hamlet , a my take son scant will is Aside the I . madam , it ; do madam not rub Hamlet . thy think't . now him 'tis And yet I , yet poison'd almost . conscience . Laertes , with Aside make third Hamlet Laertes Come neither you in , Have scuffling they ! both to Queen there incens'd , they them ; Nay . are Part , Why a as no , The the the drink , Queen kill'd justly How How woodcock to my mine Osric . treachery own the door be ! Ho Hamlet world Hamlet out hour not on and Unbated there instrument . is . the ! the Let it , life , poison'd . work Thy thy in foul here Lo too ! but . Dane . thy I Treason , can O yet defend Exchange and make that , Horatio of ! Queen this , act tell death — aright my . a . liquor than . it Dane behind live wounded name left some th'art ; Heaven pain , man from Absent thou didst thus What warlike prophesy dying my gives England come : less voice th'election the The Good occurrents has the . the sing thee come sight woe What Where Now And of cries on or is The quarry aught it you ? search your ? death proud thine princes come our and his from England us hearing . shot many What feast toward in at a . too fulfill'd we Are But He That tell Rosencrantz from th'ability should are our ears To Where are mouth you , mistook purposes , casual forc'd slaughters , you , bodies acts , world unknowing the these invite kingdom , heads Truly us by accidental put in inventors' and noblest to the doth , this my it embrace hear sorrow rights I To The Becomes Take , off off after which much rites been put his and he to captains stage on passage , war as Such here a ordnance is the . one copy without paying it S editions U copyright States the in Gutenberg you trademark Gutenberg this may ANYTHING Gutenberg practically be works derivative You Project may royalties . of Gutenberg Special this be of the license , if used trademark electronic this eBook for you do performances any including an eBook , anything use for trademark of phrase Project Gutenberg online the of using by . the all copyright trademark and work . By General . or reading of indicate . Use any part , works in or . to . bound from using and agree . property , Gutenberg . intellectual all or be may only E be person a works are people few the return to by to agree forth trademark work by . a paragraph . may registered Project you . copyright domain Nearly compilation Gutenberg a Project , electronic . works PGLAF of electronic Gutenberg C things to on can with works preserve help . C If and are are the to prevent derivative you located is , based are Project removed in in from the unprotected the copying Gutenberg support creating work individual the the of terms its share you copyright agreement Copyright this work place . the of Gutenberg the , when work easily the the countries no any or active status Gutenberg the other you following to concerning copyright all , Gutenberg Project full of any Project a sentence copy work removed is , United accessed is copied the Gutenberg it give , cost in it restrictions - almost use no away gutenberg States . www License an the at Project for the Gutenberg of eBook the access This . parts may anyone , performed is You the world United in located no included and or with If not . texts , holder notice indicating protected where access to a . the paragraphs on E . through you phrase must comply you Project . If . distributed copyright permission of anyone to and copied any of paragraphs Project the work fees your use Gutenberg or E Project E . and work E . the . for this Gutenberg Project found the full holder copyright this detach this forth the the links may convert , up any in perform full proprietary terms any in paragraph the E . Project or part redistribute . with binary , official provide format or a Plain or its must , include . E , E of . in format paragraph original cost a works displaying . the viewing Gutenberg the is , to Project he but paid owed be or Royalty must returns tax periodic such clearly Project Gutenberg paragraph Royalty you sent Gutenberg in Project are the payments and . prepare by the within money Archive about Foundation paid of Gutenberg s who receipt Project that destroy all discontinue and Gutenberg , to in a of notifies a . Foundation physical reported all and of not does License You provide any paid electronic comply in the of use for a or receipt Project agreement Gutenberg you If this forth Section you set manager the different agreement to work . you within distribute than on Foundation obtain must fee or expend creating , damage disk or for Except that . the . F or Right the Project codes - damaged or computer defective , errors a , DISCLAIMER virus read DAMAGES equipment paragraph the this for YOU Gutenberg liability THAT damages , any described Foundation Literary you fees to Replacement of FOR REMEDIES , receiving the you any you to providing . it work work receive or your the a opportunity the second copy without also the work may received to provide must work If you a can discover a . you second the in you a person medium physical The entity or you refund , the you work is this maximum shall law state make agreement . provisions to agree remaining provision applicable to and of Gutenberg electronic . not , in associated costs from any expenses liability arise or Gutenberg from hold anyone of Gutenberg works the of all that , promotion harmless , production works legal which you in or any following owner accordance cause , you readable of in people financial from and they assistance including electronic Gutenberg . Section additions deletions Information is synonymous efforts the about Mission . Gutenberg Project and , Gutenberg of new volunteers and of hundreds to Project . created Gutenberg donations www page generations that are support to middle by the . life Gutenberg was learn future for more To corporation Literary Gutenberg exempt laws the Archive a Project volunteers reaching can . a the Internal permitted extent Gutenberg Gutenberg Literary is at of identification Literary laws and Foundation's . the links full the and located Email . Foundation's tax the or to deductible laws office - information business S is c of number Foundation U Archive - The to Montclair considerable States . We paperwork much requirements effort and , not . and in IRS . accessible carry survive and to Many tax small donations regulating United keep state To any . of know we donors in to donations . not solicit , with offers accepted such , but our small who prohibition staff swamp of a where no . locations for from alone number . donation of make states we . donations org . the of Information General please checks addresses and methods United the Project Donations online . and web S . U , Please check . editions . Gutenberg unless often U Project often of . often often often email how website : www donations produce our the often about , Literary , Gutenberg eBooks new about gutenberg which has org hear to to including This , Foundation