there and Who's Long King . Stand Stand Stand your hour Stand ? Stand Stand live Stand Stand You now If rivals you I honest farewell O , them hear Stand Friends to . night Barnardo is piece my soldier Give hath . night - good . him of fantasy our nothing him appear'd , Welcome thing seen , take hold of this entreated speak minutes and twice come . your assail again fortified sit hear Well us let That And let are so us What And Peace the In a scholar the . It harrows that it , Horatio Denmark charge of heaven offended See By that away . speak warlike and buried thee . answer fantasy ! pale ! look ! will ! something might on't ! true more you think God , and own the to art Is Thus twice particular gross hath the thought same strict , some to dead gone at I of our opinion to he watch , observant the most of of cast implements from whose war cannon land shipwrights of Sunday night , image you this Well forfeit Which he Sunday by of To as by the ; lands Fortinbras there young , lawless the to His Did Was been And Of in That source So up a to recover . our haste - post may was to and dead , Julius the the of . King figure the like mind's eye wars ; illusion voice use to grace and be . may thy me me to where demonstrated ! of thing done me , death ! speak walk earth country's in of , majestical being , vain our it do 'Tis wrong To We offer It cock Awake with Doth Whether Upon , is day or god the Some The our say faded It dawning no is dare planets time believe strike . probation of the , long the spirit hath in russet part and fairy nights I have The No Walks we our Do This Let's Where do't we Therefore Th'imperial Have With we , in mirth Your to equal scale funeral as 'twere remembrance sister we sorrow think on him , state our . defeated warlike now dirge one and weighing , have we For you . wisdoms ; along out his and late supposal disjoint not Importing state to thinking by a Holding this Now our his our weak dream to with hath valiant father , business for . So have , advantage message . writ meeting for suppress made , dispatch , power Norway scope personal old the than more . we news with ? you Laertes heart asking thou and Dread What The the more my be not is not is Than head more of throne wouldst From show whence leave My bow hath do Aside . A , thy my hang you ? Denmark on still kin the clouds , and on the sun . lives must the that father ever for thy 'tis know'st for Do thine not friend off lids common madam Seek , all eternity . not . Hamlet of might , that . to father your within man shows the of moods truly visage black forc'd , of river fruitful dejected and the suspiration nor Nor they and but give and But shows heart unfortified and a will A and stubbornness obstinate impious simple and sense common and and to nature , heaven , to mind 'Tis the most must most a , incorrect vulgar know in 'tis , whose as , opposition still that our world pray he and for school retrograde toward you For bears his , to eye intent son , you to us take throne of throw earth of love remain our cousin , mother a fair of madam , you not prayers go , whereof . come unforc'd unforc'd , away , unforc'd . unforc'd unforc'd unforc'd unforc'd unforc'd come and should this my too satyr dead seed That nay king so and had winds of heaven ! him a grown Heaven would unweeded nature unprofitable garden rank beteem not that . beteem merely grows Possess two beteem beteem beteem beteem beteem She beteem With not , nor , unrighteous ! post month my eyes incestuous for dexterity . no heart it most Within a tongue ever lord forget , servant that from . you see . good disposition make from even ? Wittenberg . report . father's ere that enemy ear faith , what truant A my of you in depart you Elsinore no . affair I But lord think I teach I Indeed coldly thrift Thrift Would father , Where my ever my seen met had had — day lord ? king me hear . deliver while ! these of to love , of the pie , surprised whilst , march eyes solemn - father watch gentlemen night , your word knew both act ; and oppress'd dumb had the secrecy deliver'd I comes hands My lord , But this not where are . upon not lord , did and crew in cock sight 'Tis I As even to up made My : once would head it . very my know you you . lord . lord . top from toe , Arm'd From you lord my , he wore in anger frowningly more in than he he he he upon he , or pale he Nay his would he he I would Most eyes fix'd . long . you Stay'd might . gape life , all though though , this silence though . your though as , though though though loves though spirit some still , in play Our Your My arms : mine I Till o'erwhelm embark'd , benefit Farewell from assistant is are , sister me Hamlet Grows He Unto And is Whereof subject he It The subject for may For subject Than Then weigh the subject subject lose importunity subject . you subject ; state his subject this wisdom your fits he and of is withal his songs of ; of of , of of of moon . of . near keep of brother my libertine of and path primrose a me the Whilst Do Show not as good his rede dalliance own do to fear But my not . a , for , tongue memory . vulgar means hoops of ; steel with unfledg'd , hatch'd palm with adoption act no tried no comrade entertainment . judgement gaudy rank chief the but th'opposed a quarrel may , man thy For And they in the express'd each Give Take Are But not every Costly nor habit in oft of and best purse thy nor as rich lender husbandry be day ; nor the man . tend lord thee nor , your , nor this the as , then my Thou This Neither nor dulls night nor . my nor to any leave my Farewell And , What he touching . it of ? you Lord hath bethought very oft and free put and of : bounteous yourself ; so — not way of caution been you to so do You it , understand my daughter and me yourself 'tis most I so you between ? of affection Pooh I such ! his tenders speak late Give you believe , are I'll you not to you'll , the . these Tender thus it , My Running lord , fashion , crack wind hath may you given hath Ay call to importun'd me , the know , higher this both soul . speech go ; vows his of my lord , blazes in , time ; young - a is extinct From maiden at that In like , the any their . unholy pious This sanctified tether him parley . may Lord walk , he is , ways your lord . talk or charge shall so beguile implorators of and . plain with terms I my ; obey bites air nipping and It is think What lacks of now a No I Wherein What heard as And The , and the his drains triumph - kettle wassail The a thus . out bray and revel east the it am ; is't it Is to This They our Makes Ay marry ? here a breach headed , and tax'd than , though the And mind in - drunkards traduc'd addition , marrow it oft So for in By birth o'ergrowth his some say plausive down their nature mole chances vicious , cannot breaking by Since of virtues of Nature's I manners , some of Being the infinite , Or The of From Shall in particular the of . substance own of ! comes of noble of his general As Carrying else of the Fortune's man as To Doth Look thou Angels , it defend a dram of scandal lord ministers spirit and Be will I King Wherein Hath again What ! corse the glimpses saw cerements . thee speak not burst royal such we his , to in me father , of hideous Say why thoughts is It beckons if , no I will it . action it means by not speak with removed ground . cliff the , my follow that lord the a at what thing it . flood toys motive And That Without you place draw And That to the dreadful other . I'll , the of it brain . thee . follow on Go You Still makes Be am make ! imagination ? him . obey to will state in follow direct let's , will what issue of Heaven Nay ? me him . I'll and ghost ! tormenting flames almost come , When poor lend myself shall when , revenge am father's thy am certain crimes away the I tell could thy ; days that in night , spheres , house end list . must to not it the , as foul most most this foul Murder Revenge But And duller shouldst stir stung out ; a that this thou find apt revenge Lethe wharf hear , fat . of death noble father's life thy that , with gifts wit beast adulterate his , and , his his his — traitorous his his gifts his his virtuous queen power , the to were lust falling and of bed ; vial uncle afternoon , did thy cursed , in the garbage on in a radiant a hour of my whose it quicksilver gates enmity stole , mine crust , it milk loathsome and body bark'd vile smooth with instant wholesome I blossoms by , of a queen my , of , sent but tetter . So it of the into brother's . posset doth hand at once sin , the else the my , old , instant O the sinews up the table , the , O Remember fire . me . the ! Hold holds a the ? memory there the ; records my memory . the away and of all , shall , heaven , villain Denmark and set is I remember 'Adieu villain baser it smile may you are . Within . Hamlet . him Within So HORATIO , Within My lord Lord my ! reveal ! my ? it it lord by arrant ne'er no Ay HORATIO you'll heart be lord my tell To ghost , But There's There needs villain an But right dwelling in i' and pray desire shall the , at the all and , part , words , heartily my ; vision this let And what now scholars poor ? seen . MARCELLUS me lord HORATIO known what , faith but we you lord my soldiers , have We will tonight , in not I . already there lord . Swear Beneath speak Never , Come Hic Never et speak Well lay Come to as or in is earth help bear I so philosophy welcome Horatio come , mercy shall phrase we shake , doubtful this times put pronouncing such thus of or ; to , or your , ambiguous your : Beneath a man as , your to us cursed your together pray right . joint of . your it . in your go spite , you , to lips your friending I . together your . set O it intend behaviour , him marvellous , do will my wisely . inquiry , his lord you You ; first , at and demands particular know 'twere him' part you Than they , what what drift of . finding where sir , more it you touch of friends , this lord his 'not ; that and known most heed liberty . wild To As drinking may , wanton him ' mean I he and ; so such are sir As go so far charge , so quaintly dishonour to another season scandal it mind fiery blood a ? my good savageness general outbreak but : meaning my That 'Good sir , He The Having party in , slight these Marry I And it Mark converse seen with ever you breathe him you guilty the in the and 'gentleman did ' about he does something in or so , consequence' : 'I ' you him saw then saw of we , windlasses thus Videlicet There then , 'I , bait do indirections my . lord You former wisdom and assays forth . carp reach See this and not . lord fare I you , his shall my in I inclination my , him ply let Well , my my lord the been so my ? chamber name , my of God his ankle my , my my my my ? affrighted stockings unbrac'd in all gyved knees loosed What the not At last a little so sigh head seem That lets he , and down arm so , mine , he his ? wrist length and hard ; arm o'er thus hand falls He And with As He And over light King . help shoulder eyes I . their without go of on the , me will ecstasy passion afflict my you , What That have our his ; access repel His did does As oft I him thee is . But proper ourselves Come which , than hide common for it , Welcome that Moreover The This Our that father's . nor I inward put provoke it man , to Rosencrantz dear hasty th'understanding Resembles his nor th'understanding . his entreat himself it What , th'understanding young of death I days th'understanding to so pleasures he , th'understanding adheres . lies men there it gentry th'understanding If with th'understanding so more show As the and time profit th'understanding much your of talk'd of our afflicts and him , not you please you , remembrance receive our gentlemen he two hope good will whom To here give Might Than ourselves , at . To service . Guildenstern gentle much Thanks Guildenstern beseech lay My And bring Go our make Pleasant . him practices , good . my to gracious , mine found sure have . them feast in hath distemper that he great . Norway main . more brief in your into , he from vow him Highness Highness Highness Highness Highness To Highness On Highness Was Fortinbras Highness our of are for please might it we'll business took labour , read . night night and time and the night soul day ended what , is night limbs night define to outward flourishes true night night Your night nothing go . less night but noble son madness mad , 'tis A will . I him 'tis pity But Mad That Or we For rather out us 'tis farewell is mad , I let I Hath the celestial , ill phrase : my a from and truth doubt be , be , stars ; will sun sun to sun sun sun sun art sun not . love numbers sun , these best best machine , me is to ; think wing , book and think here - might or a this the ? No , love desk hot must , me told , table mute idle round : star , advice . raves ? be otherwise lobby . hours four indeed I'll and time sometimes we does my daughter to , try carters . comes wretch the I presently . board where Away How Well Excellent , Hamlet mercy - God are would you my You Not me , my well , Honest be For breed , have sun her walk not in true maggots a dead a , daughter but as not daughter . do , that Between , that old . grey for is love , read my lord my ? you , lord thick , wit powerfully set thus , most , and , crab down , like a , to , is my lord method ? in't sometimes and . you of will except I leave . save God Lord you ! sir , the My How lads , dost most My . As in Then my near , doomsday . Fortune , but good friends prison lord ? hands more Let wards . confines , lord nothing good or worst one o' for me is it then Why , goodly , none it to then , space indeed , ambitious A so of itself merely but airy shadow's , a dream our shadows we of matter such honest friendship sort you what , make other lord , my thanks ; no I . but . Were you you And , not ? Come . sent dear not for lord dear nay ; a dear too in dear dear am own know dear the your looks the dear . say me are dear our youth conjure , with or and for withal what To I purpose , King . love , whether you ? sent , we have eye . you a dear me what by off you prevent . of lost goes me you golden and how express the ; pestilent foul yet to a how , not animals And smiling you me to your delights Man there , then laugh , was how fire in admirable reason and god , moving work thing other in form apprehension such seem no receive if , my the He that of shall me ; the plays clown lady say for't shall laugh to What delight — in are man use shall , players freely are the ? they blank end his and , his — those her . they profit travel ? by so estimation the they they I both better the . residence both . ways the Their was means was late ? when did followed indeed Do stages maintains so for't — afraid tyrannically , common no if the are berattle they aerie endeavour How , are of their most so and the rapiers clapped ? they dare scarce thither escoted How are they players common their own succession sing can . Will to . better against both . on controversy . and ? away . of it much been . Do Ay . very that is fifty would there my this out . me , players philosophy if for father , in give . Elsinore You deceived Elsinore I Elsinore Elsinore is Elsinore southerly are yours than entertainment and . Let Elsinore I which ? my Elsinore north north - In Elsinore But my west each ear a , at man is an old . That hearer clouts his of players . for of a the . ass , his on for tragedy pastoral my comedy tragical , history , the treasure hadst ! historical poem , nor . liberty heavy - comical Israel — and . not i' The which fair he of judge 'One you As know wot , then God . lord where like you , Masters . a to What is to more valanc'd than , my ring give falconers the speech . was lord it remember , it was the cried play , but as top I , never acted down no the phrase with as lines wholesome it as as indite might the mine of received it an modesty that and . Dido than , an in matter there in , sallets method much , slaughter he whose , It , especially chiefly by and loved memory begin is , the the complexion sons to horridly did night resemble , parching a hellish . you Priam carbuncles murders . with he more dread , of Bak'd lend vile their To With Repugnant to Striking lord with good accent good sword falls , strikes his fell wide rage Unequal , command Greeks lies . His discretion and with a hideous flaming Ilium top sword crash , matter , wind this feel to , So silence As as a as reverend And But Doth A in often we region , Cyclops' falls , armour Out , forg'd With forg'd forg'd forg'd never remorse on Pyrrhus' forg'd did forg'd for than Now less Mars's forg'd out general In the forg'd low as nave thou , bowl spokes all And the a good — upon for pronounc'd did treason would themselves gods she A seen Pyrrhus his with mincing In A A blanket her late Where A this About A , had Unless A A A made A not I'll 'Gainst instant have has passion well things And burst The Would you for death see . have he , have will have have thee have ; have bodikin less they 'scape have lord more your every them have better much . Use your own man . bounty which night Follow the Come . of , Gonzago could you my him mock to friends my my in't lord my my am slave my , I player my all so in peasant and rogue God , what not my fiction this distraction function his to my his And his , whole aspect wan'd in's a , monstrous soul working his from in it force A With That motive the cleave Confound very Plucks As Tweaks Like The Make And I the He ; throat be kites ere bitter liver'd , breaks blows lungs - offal , to as am make oppression To I should fatted . vengeance ! is I of dear kindless murder'd ! most father my heart a heaven like cursing - the Why Remorseless , like , scullion a A to Prompted , fall a my About Have Been murder have They most miraculous though the creatures sitting cunning proclaim'd ! upon't ! Foh ! very by a my brain a have I of play to very no of looks , seen have I that , blench thing the such melancholy , of I'll play's The . me . spirits grounds , no to madness . confession , lunacy dangerous feels him him true his bring we with like . to his of but in Niggard Did you it assay And of to , they are him to have him true the doth to and so him him hear heart my to to With all to Good That For we Sweet to , encounter to sent leave us too his he love no for th'affliction he thus suffers of I shall be he And so Her And If't good : so beauties to , his shall I , wish virtues , lord , my ! painted . word helps , conscience question , fortune to is be in sea a against arms end more take ache and ; sleep perchance flesh And The To sleep in When Devoutly No , With who The pangs of dispriz'd of insolence wrong When grunt of under might , puzzles those of cast pale cowards we country make native the No that patient merit from that regard name the Be this my sins remember'd in , action currents and Soft thy . deliver well . a day ? I I know right aught . well did . perfume compos'd lost unkind ? honest ? prove you noble their the My means lord power have than was believed shall for ; of I the was relish more wouldst have we I but mother yet not offences a be could borne I had to give I crawling shape . accuse me me Indeed should myself that indifferent , were it a to nunnery thoughts doors What . in them We arrant nunnery home you wilt make . shalt for thy ! plague Farewell sweet . may he that own I'll , go : give this thou monsters ! God wantonness your made jig it that Those enough , another creatures are You ; Or if . God's . noble and rose of , is mind the scholar's a Th'expectancy , marriages down wretched music his quite of soldier's keep as hath fashion most sovereign and deject and ladies all , of the form and of of woe see is , his , tend melancholy some do I Will Was For Thus the down he in , quick determination to tribute to , soul a form something There's madness like not have of shall doubt the it Haply From We To I'll To grief his be their England all Of But wisdom him conference plac'd I you pray But beget the to , most soul a temperance hear rags are that - tongue the speech the town hand , a , would I very to your part noise , robustious to a of split periwig you honour whipped fellow capable have I but , word you the time her virtue and the his neither action , the ; of , form of censure the . accent made had so the that the that the , the sir . speak clowns the the not . the and strutted of the the on set That's meantime some , it . Go ? my lord of work presently . haste make them hasten my , and will What We Will you Bid help the and ! lord Horatio , ho a . man ? those are and And well that blessed co Fortune's - mingled man me finger that him , of wear will my . Give I heart this King of the comes near see'st the very . in one comes speech occulted of comment note comes ; join comes comes seen comes heedful comes to judgements play pay the comes be . will theft idle Queen , A 'scape And They . How , Enter ; with nothing crammed , I faith promise , the of chameleon's . my , Caesar Julius enact was a That I hither , lord my Hamlet stay upon your by . patience me ? lap . maids' ? you Do is Who , but man do father . should lord ? lord I you , Nay 'tis cheerfully only great hope , a King , twice the ? by'r Enter , and , Queen to the . crown a and kneels declines She , off seeming woos Marry shall know Will , We the by the show You the us the you , are naught your our for hearing the to and stooping , to show the you tell shame that not the the , love . lord . my of ring hands sheen times Tellus' moons and times hath times wash Phoebus' cart times thirties bands been our did Hymen borrow'd times with times late times times must distrust , state so is and . fear grows in my or , the , siz'd is In Now what And , and shalt the live leave grow , love littlest love haply this functions leave behind shortly fair world — to : my accurst kill'd me treason rest first ! the be wormwood . dead of move none what the , unripe , on be we passion that to either doth in ourselves to The passion What Purpose , But Most ourselves Whether That This The great And man For Our That wills devices to Directly who in needs want seasons who not still a still and still Our still still Sport earth still to anchor's cheer still that would have still , Sweet fain dull 'Tis My deeply Ophelia . The Sleep mischance rock come Madam O , but you protests she'll ? Is they how ? poison in argument but do no see anon , I interpret You you a keen It you would cost mistake your begin black Confederate apt the , drugs weeds thrice of blasted magic , season croaking , creature , dire midnight thrice collected ; time doth agreeing seeing and murderer , infected raven fit . Gonzago . Gonzago's murderer the estate and ban life On wholesome for's in , lights let Give Lights , The this turn , fortunes shoes Would get fellowship So For not sir , and a forest Provincial roses players of cry a Half , dismantled O and very might You I'll Very Upon O Horatio , well the likes likes did well note likes him Come , perdie recorders likes music likes history whole likes . with word likes me likes . choler the , perhaps , not , hath spirit , of . him to , If mother's of end do right the breed sent me it my your be my mother answer — into amazement and , mother . her struck hath behaviour so ten were with you your : that thus she says command ; can this her in she once you these , cause by still us our trade lord lord , own is your liberty door Good And your , the while but of deny distemper to of the — Denmark me , as grass see . recorders my , My , Let lord recover that too Will cannot I . my lord , with . cannot most and the . stops me pluck would the to note lowest my from me sound is would you 'Sblood music my excellent thing skill I you ; mystery cannot on than me , pipe fret a make ; my , these But , make you stops ; instrument sir you shape speak with see cloud would you , you Call . it bless yonder you lord , the you Do , mass is a weasel the me They and . breathes drink hot say say itself to the say friends say . by come so say say say say Let speak she , use I could not . shent , grow hourly doth his ourselves . lunacies religious fear many many feed those and will We live upon bound is Majesty bodies is draw much , peculiar and strength . The cease gulf majesty doth , o'erhear partial was tax him said , mother's convey his I'll warrant , should mother it what tell you Fare upon you , is rank as it lord ! Pray primal sharp my double where guilt be murder eldest I if strong will : to my heaven , upon't can I to Though stronger a man defeats What with in offence twofold of Whereto this cursed serves blood sweet hand force ? heavens come Then down being be To Or what's in to But And That cannot those My My fault serve Can turn for my ? mine , crown Buys And Even in repentance it , O can . and , there of the 'tis But , when teeth the no nature evidence and forehead of then as cannot one can ? not repent , praying heaven : that be to for salary full May as who his took his all And But . And am course , of broad hire do and same scann'd goes now so That would , it do I am his villain so I heaven sole And And With how in th'incestuous drunk and and him audit our in stands , has , relish heels goes be . physic Then pleasure pleasure pleasure he , is pleasure that hell pleasure pleasure The King but pleasure At And trip no pleasure Words thoughts my rises , thy and advances to fly He your you silence , him Pray Within , I'll , be hath screen'd . mother . coming not . a tongue tongue with with you . my wife not , so to you a . that you , sit , go Behind What , wilt what A rash . a As bloody king deed As bad with ? rash wretched busy . word intruding heart , Peace . your too better hands is some so penetrable 'twas fortune , thy fool my of made proof be it damned it sets virtue fair dicers' , grace the false As a as soul the an very an an an an blurs That an from The With A an As Yea of an rhapsody tristful roars and , sick , station An See This To is husband Look assurance form his man ear . follows eyes what ? this his this in the blood : Sense have that judgement ? err would but sure thrall'd choice so was ne'er a But To Nor Eyes cozen'd , at eyes sight sense is blush , thy you all sans you ? bones be you matron's Proclaim gives charge burn you , true you , you you grained my . the , you ! of one where a as doth . more into black leave of corruption rank in In , mine tithe , kings of part more ears , rule diadem in sweet and that your A slave precedent That These A cutpurse A more a from put more more more more more look more her and her This say more forget weakest in bodies mother . purpose soul . is't , vacancy is't wildly in spirits your hairs Upon the is't and heat patience up , your is't bend incorporal . you on is't is't is't alarm , is't , do , to for nothing ? did Nor at Do Nothing Why My where This Look father This Is the of soul of ; for re and , avoid compost times my the heaven ulcerous speaks love to unction trespass all madness your which , virtue pursy this beg in do these to for part mine not uncle's half bed . this in angel who is virtue . a custom But go to with if , evil , habits that the I'll And of you bles'd , me this to be the Once are curb beg the devil and this same lord hath . and will lady : minister , pleas'd good night , do , you ? remains worse that you I bid wise so ? out , know gib do would house's basket the neck down creep , you queen hide from Who ? that's Would Such dear but concernings basket 'Twere fair bat top a sober in a birds fly on like the and sense , despite Unpeg No the words if , break try of assur'd your said hast Alack to had his I at one Hoist And trust bear Whom They And blow I'll Mother Who , night the , in sighs Good sighs These sighs . sighs understand we son what , lord sighs Where ; There's sighs this , Which Behind in sighs rapier hearing In , both contend sighs ! does his something man . apprehension had old deed , us heavy of so been His To you Alas how had It yourself , Should We have mad To whom Among draw This will body body body body body body Friends body The no ship body all you hath hath he and haste our what know , what's And Go him chapel . out from Hamlet join speak I the stowed GUILDENSTERN . air shot , his miss O dismay come cannon may diameter name our , ROSENCRANTZ Within O ! body . take the thence and Believe not made should counsel me Take — keep authorities Ay , what your . you sponge can a I sir soaks , he his The body us . with and in . foolish with . ear find law : man multitude on , weigh'd ; your to , guarded , get body Where , Hamlet ? Polonius . where's Now him Bring Guildenstern Ho but Your , eaten and we is That's alas eat . worm through the maggots dishes two . eat guts , and him find there not the not him find go messenger up if him grieve , send dearly especial till as indeed , there till . come till lobby . till — till ; thyself wind till everything at prepare must till help is till — the For is thou hast , and and . our Ay Good Father and . sees it So My , leans Away not my cicatrice looks power Danish to else That Delay Pays Our As my great thy process letters the And The For thou Danish the . ne'er his from Tell let express our whose They How purpos'd are Good To pay Nor A Why the you you go and little please and Will't and inform straight and . breaks th'imposthume inward and and and And I'll spur my all with you and How Be but If to sleep that he us with , and capability before Looking thinking which thought yet ever I have cause Led To army , to be danger unsure , stain'd blood trick . or from and . cannot cannot cannot cannot . her worth cannot distract pitied have would she What mood cannot , her and cannot father , needs cannot importunate speak indeed be with , she in move it , them heart , things of to there yet with much , nods collection , winks would ; sense straws , speaks doth aim and might ill Let Each spills So toy To is , now How fearing artless some guilt spilt . know love one another I cockle his By And his From imports this what , Nay ? his At and dead a mark . snow mountain the Pray bewept , what love - the what ! you dild , God are we , How , let's no day betime Valentine's morning Saint your . I . My . sweet her good close ; the is O All , good think to , Next But in his hugger In Divided mugger in remove gone O deep watch , of come her he inter and the , most ; slain father not ; battalions own to his matter beggar'd death , to person our O stick of father's in all judgement fair come from mere of nothing buzzers Gertrude , clouds these ear as France infect lord . my of impetuous list haste , flats the yourself overpeering rabble but call now with forgot The not him , king , the . to it king they cry . ' are broke you , Danish you Where , is I No this , king — We Keep Give Calmly I thank Cries Even him Let What is rebellion Laertes , so . of art thus little Acts thou But demand he came hell That I To Let come what , I this profoundest the to the ; for comes To . to stand , be only , them kind life my . I'll rendering now thus None and death you - them . judgement her . day shall It And As am as Within How Burn heaven , as mortal love precious thing loves itself nonny his you grave the some sends heavens fine is O , bier dove my many , rain'd him non bore wheel 'Down becomes down , for but , me they They would I . made you my sweet Robin to favour turns She wither'd difference good For His flaxen was come death is again , his , God b' . God pray I mercy souls Christian you see , but , you apart Go . me I must me deny you Laertes Or , they And shall hear or we direct by commune with friends wisest your by touch'd They Our To our life , satisfaction you in to labour content ; formal his due jointly . burial be nor go go go go I greeted what in go Hamlet Lord . sir , go bless know from Let go , shall go if if sir from comes if fellows some to means 'Horatio the , Horatio if two if chase Reads . if as was that if . and't , to speak words repair good like our ship of for thieves in me the bore Rosencrantz I I will And , I am where to them ear as Let King the These dumb yet will fellows . thee good their tell knowest Guildenstern for thine to you , from To Sith And Why by your , well stirr'd , special me As Lives virtue She's as , not but could I or all . things his which soul and be not life but in myself Queen , mother , sphere , not might gender their to . moves Why so Too Whose Stood That I think And For can made sleeps for let we That , your Letters , your and stuff with danger , them . them receiv'd saw ; them I that shall leave Leave more and ? you abuse this sudden is should Reads I asking mighty it I 'Tis I in That shall in If it very diest As 'Thus how So The My rather That lord have been talk'd As Wherein Yet needful too riband youth of becomes wears less livery and his , that and Hamlet's Did Importing settled of against Normandy , but unto horseback grew doing He and a gentleman wondrous serv'd , months Two , was't and topp'd my , demi he and shapes So of the to he such And That I That And he one swore you And made He gave could had sudden Now , of , wish with this guard , The be match cried Sir envenom this — my dear and envy of his nation . him his , love begun did love I that that see , But Not that qualifies the or at is abatements is are spendthrift o' quick you undertake , th'ulcer deed in . in in in in your in cut Revenge We'll in A Or sword in unbated And Requite I I'll dip have virtue it father . do't will him for your of pass my cataplasm no blood sword death touch so rare means , fail should bad your you proof . that end prepar'd him — me let Soft , stuck sipping purpose sweet . drink venom'd ? drink drown'd drink ? drink , drink drink . Laertes . drink make name drink stream and she call them , grosser fingers weeds . long , purples . sliver could and from her melodious their . indued distress they . pendant and coronet . up , not drink . lay tunes her old bore snatches . incapable like Pull'd that Till the say therefore of It shame our what will this calm ; to Gertrude . Adieu . tears custom these my ! blaze . fain , poor But holds , yet lord would , gone it rage Christian it make Christian salvation her grave herself and in ? burial defence the an found else act to and . here argal , man good he nill stands , him , is his own , him death , law , life not , But that , his is he own crowner's this ? this , truth have go man , ha' the this say'st thou in ditchers . Come He , question heathen , Could answerest thou art , Adam thee to . If builds that is he in well is It builds well like thy The - wit gallows does built stronger , those that Cudgel thy no ; The maker' about and it the I his there me was nothing very , love for a did in ; the hand it feeling e'en so a ground offices o'er ! th' This to had it tongue , might , of good - the that pate It , courtier my a ' - my : my pickaxe my Did loggets these spade now my 'em ? Here's . my my , my at to trick Why his may quillets will not his of of double too and , fine The conveyances of than vouchers the himself his lawyer ? tricks be Where his with ? his his his too ? parchment a made and sir to They are be For pit not sheep skins that grave's , assurance this clay . will clay sir ? clay . clay for is indeed , clay lie in't quick 't clay thou thine is liest . me clay from again dost no . in't ? none thou lie . us age By undo it , near the is How absolute the the born ? was why he shall his wits recover matter , and was the last mad as say they strangely with losing e'en in here , be the . year hold not long How Denmark . I man i' die , ere he he Why hide his , sir , dead whoreson . body A same Takes skull infinite ? Yorick hung excellent . poor most fancy . chop own that . it at , times , merriment rises and now Here to , laugh her thing o' this lord so my me . come , and Make tell Pah ? my ! lord Horatio find to consider him . stopping . a may ! Why ; dust into it that of to and ; consider till he , return Alexander may 'Twere not lead returneth Alexander ; Imperious O Caesar a , a loam stop dead that wall earth but soft ! follow . and of This hand betoken follow desperate some mark ceremony a ? very noble else Couch That in last and ground trumpet should Her Yet the , here flints maiden Must no more done service profane sing and peace requiem there and more and such souls , and unpolluted and be priest and and and and her to rest , churlish sister , cursed while head . sweet , ingenious earth in more her Hold times dust your I thee a mountain or quick and . grief he ? emphasis What whose stand them ? Dane . the is - the To Now . devil The him with not me fear Away thy in not thy ! something . asunder thy let this . thousand thou do ? love , brothers her of quantity , is God thou'lt forbear of O , what woul't ? eisel thou me , in so let them throw mouth . thou rant is drooping will silence Hear you sir use ; disclos'd him ; burning till , Nay as fit couplets as . reason that you the Hercules will cat Let I golden female it you will wait Horatio good lov'd is ever do what . son . speech present living be . shortly see shortly . shortly fighting lay shortly Methought a was . shortly us Rashly shortly shortly lord bilboes shortly circumstance me my than That Sir And our When There's a plots deep Rough - divinity pall sometime rashness do for certain cabin about me desire withdrew Horatio , and command my , life , I , at it , do , it to villanies down , proceed you round brains me my leisure . how me hear thou that yeoman's me service what of lord from his like should still conjuration to baseness had , new did I A How effect ? wrote . wheaten know 'as'es like bearers , charge great of and them was faithful tributary , flourish wear garland might palm her such stand view - put , more or their to time in of th'impression in of plac'd , what Rosencrantz go this the . employment sequent was to . father's model up writ : was Which Folded Does dangerous near own when pass Of mighty opposites and their the Between not my conscience the insinuation nature what a king In cozenage between such shortly known to . very sorry The . with To And that hath Thrown of further evil business 'One' favours put grief his passion me ? comes the image I my court cause forgot of his . to That am Laertes For a man's I But The Peace the a bravery of , who here back , for the ; mess in lordship to you from Majesty leisure the very northerly . 'tis lordship thank will believe I , me is lord great my lord ; it , is Sir , matter — has that — I 'twere you the as signify , ease soft the is me very , gentleman . faith good and card , what a you , in great , showing , Indeed of full , most , here is Sir , of gentleman or society though But and him nothing his , memory , in his , umbrage of infallibly make a his quick of great sail th'arithmetic the infusion , our . sir rawer ? do , possible What Is't did you His purse I know you him Of dare , not to his hath him with it wager'd of , girdle , six well the hilts to , six French horses ? Rapier I you the carriages liberal . But . by if till matter the margin you ? ere very of are the to edified very are , The phrase Barbary conceited . sir Why I The our liberal a you come exceed hath three a to would King shall a a a a not it a . I I , not . here the opposition . your of the foils win be . and , hall the in me with day of . the this . deliver sir Shall effect my runs there tongues else for's . the age through who if and yeasty are bubbles , Osric will you the or Now or . that follow you sends trial and them through their brings his so be I pleasure King's provided coming are gentle to . down . If to The desires before you will . Since he odds : but But France lord I have . entertainment , is went into wager well instructs so think You win my the thou good such a . special it . is't will what come if providence The to be not ; fit in . wrong you heard distraction madness . away Hamlet . exception Never ta'en wrong be be madness His ? then it the faction that Hamlet's is , so it , Laertes Hamlet not of , Hamlet And awake , your when motive in satisfied brother most himself , denies If't enemy from in His Hamlet But in masters . not brother's will And I keep To will it wager ; star embrace foils star for star in ; star Stick mock , No star know the star hand this , Osric . star weaker the lord , star star I do Your Give Very You the . better'd it heavy well , my likes me too me foils have all upon or . table , third that the shall Give four cannoneer a . Come , heavens the The let trumpet to Denmark's And King Hamlet , Hamlet lord Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet . One . this is hit do you ? confess by awhile I win . what ; my fortune napkin son hit ; him first say , of rub , Hamlet . thy face . him hit wipe I'll not let My I dare It yet the . Aside , lord do best of on me violence . Come you , they , and incens'd are wounds Look Nay , both on sides the They , bleed How ? own my to woodcock kill'd does swoons , Let the Ho ! the world half Hamlet an door . drink drink lock'd art of good . life here foul hand ; lie I , blame by serv'd , thee . himself Hamlet upon , Queen Wretched of Horatio my and a Nor He Mine is father's death on come me noble not , have't name , Heaven wounded shall . Never an yet Roman . antique it believe left Dane a than some the good . th'art ; man felicity a tell To What my thou If the live warlike , occurrents is , thy to . your ? death . order commandment from Not , never th'ability Rosencrantz and we his are should of Where Had He You Are on a me arriv'd so jump this you that view acts slaughters casual , cunning and unnatural So forc'd purposes All can I . audience it the heads judgements , accidental put in Truly on , call with of sorrow I memory . mistook cause , my in vantage also wild happen to captains soldier whose be voice this plots Let and , like mouth his men's minds On have to claim my cause presently had loudly The Speak soldiers' field bid the but off , here Such royally bodies music most Hamlet have he Bear Becomes Go him the and ; for a as this sight . forth , without owns from that the bearing shot Foundation . and Gutenberg this Special the , permission can a you and works print States of used . you if . If eBook paying not license Project you States and United , reports trademark complying modified be may You derivative works , nearly any and with purpose trademark and redistribution subject . the protected may work Full phrase of online at free especially , protect Project or To license . of other you www License electronic associated Gutenberg agree Terms Use works license this org . part of electronic any this do electronic copy bound . work paragraph and in or to person E . There in a to access by or be from may It works See do follow you preserve works help and There works C . agreement or Gutenberg Project . States paragraph even agree that things to C works or creating displaying claim the If . all States you Project the works associated its format same Project you the Gutenberg name If laws copyright constant . what check the of of terms share with before laws in agreement other distributing representations . Project or Unless The , any to . works following the copy full of Project works the whenever phrase works phrase works the viewed Gutenberg anyone works in displayed the works or which States restrictions most : works works other work with you have using Gutenberg before you org you an If . notice the copyright the Gutenberg either or the forth for trademark with paying or with providing requirements the individual the in paragraphs , License through your electronic or . paragraphs . use . the for Gutenberg work . the E . the If you comply Project in or . Gutenberg posted distribution works any the Project part a Project containing the this of Gutenberg Additional E at terms . this distribute found full work to or , terms to E . to format to access including the . to without any to provide you to in a , binary in used Gutenberg form this work in the fee or the . displaying include E works . providing or copies works method is the The , using has owed from you profits but . gross works your applicable trademark to paragraph which periodic your clearly to prepare date under . on Foundation marked Information royalties to donate following be should the Literary days Archive of the owner agreed to of a royalty Gutenberg the you already within required or agree the of all use any comply . E . If you work Gutenberg set forth electronic this in electronic work or to works effort . electronic Defects protected . the from Project not the F , F . LIMITED Refund described Replacement Gutenberg or contain AGREE HAVE REPLACEMENT OR discover a can If you you medium , electronically that must entity a the copy the person . second refund a replacement work paid receiving for the medium REFUND any , provide work to you medium refund medium forth WITH 'AS in refund medium of demand may choose The . medium physical you give medium the right to you in fix medium medium . IS' in invalidity or agreement the - you replacement problem to or applicable state provisions or agree remaining to interpreted provision the of this agent , of Gutenberg agreement , this copies , providing which unenforceability agreement . accordance production - employee of . indemnify volunteers Project and from expenses with in works associated : occur directly liability distribution to Gutenberg of free variety computers It . donations any , or of c and Gutenberg of Project Mission aged life provide hundreds by the - support in all of and of see org profit Internal of a can www . help Foundation . Archive Literary the full and laws Contributions about your at Gutenberg the is page information Literary Archive . state NJ S Foundation is corporation and The tax . are - the or exempt Foundation's number Archive U . USA information page , Foundation's date to The contact official Gutenberg of array Section support number of machine in including committed much charitable is Foundation to The States considerable where with DONATIONS While we accepting unsolicited not do solicitation approach and not have United statements States check . are tax treatment accepted from . confirmation not we or determine www the Gutenberg of web laws donations and About was of eBooks with . General concept with of S methods and the any the concerning U including in credit Gutenberg originator works , electronic the gutenberg For notice . includes Archive to our email how ,