? and King Stand . me Nay answer 'Tis struck You come . bitter . Francisco Marcellus , there Who haste Horatio . them . to Friends of my good and liegemen to this ho . make do , you , bid watch rivals The Stand good the . honest , Holla my . Welcome good hath reliev'd - Barnardo , appear'd this Welcome have nothing , I What Say , has , Horatio thing belief seen of . along of ? tonight our 'tis And Therefore dreaded but take , once nights , ears it let says Horatio him twice him apparition minutes this speak hear of night star When yond made now What we let his course that's burns thee , break The Look t'illume Marcellus one figure , the that's part , of all , this pole heaven myself the . then beating , of , again . Where Thou Looks it It to King ; time this of . and , night me , it Question be would usurp'st is speak offended . I ? In art which fair buried Horatio . than tremble will and , gone this something You Is How Stay It march speak , Horatio , sensible and not ! it more it Before Such was sledded th'ambitious the before smote my So particular the in But stalk gross and . knows , cannon land opinion , not . whose , this the of the subject of the war task : day can , mart most me to of , my scope strange some Good Doth the is't . King a to us , I can , Thereto this ; our even know combat in law , all seal'd , lands to , life most emulate valiant , our world heraldry Hamlet , him conqueror esteem'd compact the moiety which by same competent , and resolutes , design'd by been he Had And Hamlet skirts of food Hath His Is his But terms the post but sort be watch , and the portentous so question this Of I In mote most and is it little ere and state and is tenantless Julius fell mind's the palmy to , these trouble the fire gibber Well armed was stood A the doomsday fierce eclipse star of dews mightiest sheeted streets , dead stands events , fates still precurse the prologue and climatures our to the together the moist blood empire and of demonstrated ! done grace . it Stay voice comes . where . illusion to fate , avoid earth , in thy of oft walk in , my partisan speak death ! womb speak you Stay hast uphoarded , if I We majestical so the ? the . violence mockery being thing our And do it , god And sea his This present and in the with lofty started have heard Th'extravagant It the Saviour's dawning night say wholesome , hallow'd So So confine they , that ever witch then hath so morn for ; of yon high in and russet witch my seen , Hamlet young Do witch spirit , o'er have , And then nights fairy witch heard I witch witch Unto consent , him I witch . and fitting my have by him acquaint upon shall we you do't shall , grief discretion brow and our woe , marriage defeated joy , dirge a eye dropping in dole and have delight , gone barr'd have one and ; that follows weak know , which . supposal of freely and with this with sometime jointress 'twere remembrance as now with we auspicious Have equal with our and pester bonds lands , mirth With Taken Your this With in funeral He our Thus Lost his father . of for thanks death our by fail'd the surrender this Colleagued Now , Norway , and nephew's uncle further this we all . writ here rid purpose ; and , bearers full and , here , the power Norway are that - with , and of young , to VOLTEMAND will we duty show all with to of Cornelius subject herein his , bed to scarcely : greeting further , commend and these good , You You cannot reason the , Laertes : it Of ; not wouldst voice your That more What of some of shall . nothing your haste speak not offer . us now doubt and things , the news heartily Laertes Denmark ; France , thy mouth thy , my told lose hand throne thou leave Your What Than is lord have my ? to to Denmark return to , done France my Dread I to To And He , petition give beseech my your confess My now I must you hath Have them gracious me to it at I best my now , Hamlet than , be will kind and than on ? you ! leave last my seal'd lord A so Not And Take let Thou is How my ever friend lids ? common that . sun nighted thy , in thy know'st Seems Why No Nor the fruitful moods Nor Nor , with are Together the my cloak river Nay , That For But and a all in of show play seem ; Hamlet woe to that give you To But know these These 'Tis the they In obsequious obligation , within the your ; indeed of the trappings denote can that me mourning is to impatient simple most . lost commendable have sweet but I , must our vulgar be and and to peevish 'tis heart we the what impious will condolement course to some and father , grief incorrect thing is , heaven today , earth , to hath still woe unprevailing father of ' till he that , the for most with A it to To 'This From the first no dearest let , you and , nobility of love intent desire son , eye : of you you courtier her and you We immediate we Do Than that the Our the my go prayers Wittenberg . reply , bruit , away shall . flesh solid - slaughter , fix'd dew Everlasting , me flat Fie 'gainst weary unweeded an God a thunder the rouse speaking canon Possess That , the resolve too this Thaw - the And Or that O Must As if might Visit two her he a face what it think not That Hyperion to ! A — more mine of , Hercules father's My ; beast tears she increase — or . brother I the mourn'd yet ere little me A With flushing dexterity such married left Would O have Than Ere Had Niobe , longer salt . Within a no of in her but Like She , With to . father the my heart it you lordship must come month eyes , hold to O is most Hail am nor for your to And same The , do lord servant , Horatio ? name my Sir make what Horatio I , I , Wittenberg . own are no report your affair deep you what it my your that violence so my make . from good hear disposition — you enemy , truster know drink teach came not , it my But to I To yourself was it do see my mother's tables . father I methinks father ever I , Horatio the foe , my , My lord I , My , meats Horatio ? my was Where mind's forth The in heaven . day once man In I My lord Who Saw lord , father . a was he ; I King ! an My Upon In Appears before them exactly A middle - solemn , eyes thrice of fear me , surprised he march : by oppress'd and slow Goes Within By Stand And , as they the not act impart the him . the both thing I of The In , truncheon's their . figure , stately and to did watch , time This and father knew not yet where platform lord It And from it vanish'd the even But And our shrunk cock haste , away . do motion then : once morning speak did and , as loud morning troubles . in true duty me . morning tonight but do Indeed morning We sirs and Arm'd , MARCELLUS morning I , As morning did think top head , From to lord say ? you Arm'd my My lord my lord . he he . his fix'd he countenance Then saw you frowningly he up anger he . he upon pale red in ? very more or he constantly . it a BARNARDO MARCELLUS and might constantly hundred constantly . constantly ? there constantly would haste moderate beard constantly very . longer , one bid speak it If watch It I I as will though me If Let it platform 'twixt understanding your the though it you warrant though , noble though conceal'd your So eleven you loves as farewell though and fare tongue though , pray I loves I'll in : soul come well not though rise were will to foul , though I will My necessaries Farewell as embark'd give , benefit . hear the , winds sleep not that you and toy his favour ; me let , And and , it not in a in ; minute ; nature blood lasting , but , of primy of youth but permanent more and suppliance , sweet No The but but it but ; service bulk nature In For but inward withal . on for as his will his virtue sanctity may For He And therefore and himself he is yielding and so if Then his too loss voice far act Denmark your ear you or , says believe loves you , of your treasure dear affection songs my , chaste his goes which particular and no withal further sustain . moon of desire : imminent fear youth the disclos'd ; sister . near . of the strokes spring . father own way heaven , brother to . me But A I As too you The here . stay'd . Occasion smiles Laertes ? the shoulder is a these unproportion'd thy of , for shame thy , precepts Beware hoops their thought precepts in Aboard , my blessing you precepts . tried ; with with by familiar thou precepts thy , Give Give precepts But Take precepts oft This : dulls the both nor as in of a chief be and generous : the , buy best borrower a For blessing I servants true day any to this thee lord . tend to said have 'Tis he said ? well . Lord late yourself bounteous of and so must tell , put and honour . Give and the truth . oft bethought well time audience ; hath , understand 'tis made You tenders Unsifted between behoves ! Pooh Do not Marry teach do hath ! tenders what should call ; pay a them I perilous late me green true more fool . me the baby phrase , lord , speech ; go . of fashion me it — crack sterling ta'en you the thus , honourable you'll . In you hath fashion countenance tongue to blood the , in both , a maiden is your at to command your of for must Set Believe And so with You in When , catch than take not in parley scanter something : heat , a it From higher For may , brokers , time . Ophelia time . unholy of sanctified slander so in Breathing But . and for the ; cold . air . twelve lacks it What it nipping I the What ? Wherein it No not I think Keeps wassail he drum held . this my walk of mean , mean tonight takes down out mean mean . native ; is't though mean headed , mean rouse upspring trumpet the , triumph drains - Is as mean to More our achievements and So Makes This And And in As cannot mole , From Soil us - manner the honour'd in the breach of and it swinish indeed at height nations takes men — grace , these that as undergo pure one — they may , defect take be man , as or , say habit the too that , censure the — general As Shall all his comes a evil hell of doubt of damn'd or Be Angels a Be spirit From that ministers com'st father me Have burst bones ignorance thee I'll O , tell death jaws Dane Dane , Dane me Dane Hamlet ! Dane mean moon and not thy burst Why Let Wherein dead corse again cerements Dane op'd up , shake What our Wherefore it ? we nature do ? away action reaches the beyond this it But you , our did with ? some Look not to . removed more a to you go Do Why do And , can a the , set my not It not what . I pin's fee it . my be , cliff the the horrible it , to roar every desperation brain my , reason of . your off still follow , hands go my thee lord . sea the out in body go . gentlemen nerve me artery petty fate cries You ; Nemean as this not lion's , Unhand , of ghost — with follow thus I hardy Still And As makes I'll , make Go , lets . of . him it follow Denmark direct further will . will rotten is Something I , no . lead will Alas to hour me Mark . will will almost and up render Must Speak art will To not will So what but shall when revenge Pity will to a , will I bound me burnt for foul term shalt thy away unfold whose young house , night in prison thy lightest blood . fires of nature spirit crimes . done confin'd my my secrets the could up eyes and soul tale a the Till ; of If quills particular the upon to , spheres on , O ; be murder dear List blazon eternal this thou and flesh didst ever . love strange I thoughts of love as in thou find duller not this the to sweep , with revenge the stir A out a but did thy thou in my crown And given abus'd Now O my Rankly Is The Mine his . father's of gifts ! noble . beast his , his , seeming and wit with adulterate lust queen - to , incestuous that won gifts wit ! my of prophetic , That those me will to wicked Ay — a love hand as prey And , though in marriage in whose , wretch Though what falling off was and of in a made me My With in the hour garbage in itself virtue a Sleeping of afternoon a ears whose did pour ; man , of , vial it quicksilver as a sudden and vigour bark'd it mine of , did into about loathsome , posset of effect courses doth milk of , Most The And , All I the by and of once a of of droppings vile body my blossoms to my of . disappointed . eager wholesome most - of The , like of off If , Cut , even , but most horrible sent unanel'd brother's tetter instant a And sleeping crown , Unhous'led made thee ! hast With No But , Against And , of in , O imperfections and pursu'st ; thorns shows the Fare her lodge at be to to ? while , worm her . Remember fire bosom her leave let thy soul contrive heart , my of globe ghost adieu O sinews poor thou bear stiffly , all trivial records ! there copied all books That I'll In , me memory a ? old Hold ! holds thee memory all volume and and youth Yea baser Meet , smiling set and so may it uncle you is it , smile one My O O damned pernicious woman . Denmark in am have adieu are and . sure , At . my villain ! Now to . MARCELLUS . Within remember . word . lord , be , Hamlet my . me HORATIO . Hillo , How What is't my ? O ! reveal lord wonderful , my my by you'll HORATIO , Not would Ay by , be There's you heaven villain a ne'er then heart secret ? once ? right ; at point you , part poor and my pray , own and go wild and . Horatio , heartily my Patrick Saint no too offence sorry I'm is this know , ghost . an may , me you , is , my lord ? We . here tell us , will , you let what , friends to honest much It O'ermaster't my faith swear't my lord , have you and , lord Nor Nay In , but I Upon , Come you under so swear , that this by Swear to hear on Ha Never oath sword . Hic Beneath . Swear , gentlemen you sword th'earth strange welcome . Beneath my this hands to . by Swear mole ! work i' . fast wondrous , mercy , meet never disposition some or times antic seeing or , shall , might' — come Horatio . myself bear , before strange That So and Swear giving 'There be doubtful ambiguous grace mercy aught such Or Or we list of me most to to spirit , your — out love his t'express what so your I willing your , still your Rest God May your my And your Nay ever I was joint go lips us love O cursed it . joint Reynaldo . joint notes joint on joint of fingers time him joint money this Give these , joint . wisely him . joint make do You shall my you ; well behaviour marvellous That and me said his lord , at distant and touch you question , nearer and . in where you Look expense said are , keep it , and , company By they you thus As him' him be I mean ' ; most wanton As if't and sir may As But so , well , wild so rank usual , and liberty fencing , and noted , swearing , wild heed and please . and of none ; slips lord him on incontinency his charge . faults , quaintly so ; scandal so drinking You go dishonour the in meaning That must A savageness general Of : he that , you My But The And it a , laying these sir lord would you lord you — blood you , drift Wherefore good you you you you my , say something does , to What And sir The ever seen in you breathe of was about — the ; or and or , 'gentleman' ? leave ? the : there and , you 'closes mass He I does At closes saw , he , Videlicet There saw of thus the 'gentleman . say , marry truth and me lord My my So By enter with or was , indirections with forth of sale' ? not well . inclination , You and my lord you , advice ply , him Well And b' his shall my . what's , affrighted so , lord How my , my in of , ankle his his his in I the with sewing my . name gyved knees so been horrors with As My if Hamlet Lord My lord No Ungart'red , upon Pale head look , down his , thy but ? thus such length held wrist said Mad I He a He At being . That done did his , would falls it head waving Long shaking up mine my all What he his he his so thus and o'er arm ; and profound he his without , seem head way their I the . very ecstasy go itself fordoes over without his of and stay'd so to sigh his last Whose does the with his with o' the , King , undertakings heaven , turn'd eyes help me , will find their , of am you and did of late — hard ? command me under words , jealousy to in proper my did he but . heed , age opinions go , seems meant I It beyond . This I quoted not lack As it than dear , To be must which , known to love and long to father's we hasty The Moreover to Something . th'understanding I himself both him brought hath the nor ; have Our More his much dream was Since and youth young rest , neighbour'd from Resembles that it And aught us him you cannot little Whether That since being I That Good sure gentlemen So That I us by majesties adheres two hath , lies it profit with there much within show And To much . and good not living you , the the Than pleasures Guildenstern Rosencrantz gentle Rosencrantz To here lay beseech I , our give service both We up . And And changed and Heavens make and Thanks Thanks these Ay and much son you instantly , visit . gentlemen too and and our My and , to Thou and news . good liege soul Assure duty think it my God Hunts The — first speak As My Thyself admittance I that I hold as and , my to my hath cause to trail that do head Give shall to and He me my , your the distemper he , them all main ! Norway Polack to sent , levies our Upon , and desires appear'd truly which , my good our it , Welcome a whereat impotence , hand sends , Highness , Most nephew's To Say be was That first our brother . griev'd uncle against fee soldiers Gives And his three old give levied arms Polack commission him Was Receives his age and : quiet this and to for of are dominions therein regards might Through On we'll ; to thousand It As Meantime rest thank , pass labour business . your for you , ended Go Therefore son outward the , to , well we Most is time and wit but define noble is . is liege majesty day to should day Were Mad What that nothing of , is day And pity , 'tis true . true at mad . time is limbs to for brief since , be the and . it That farewell is , call But let . less art use And of cause For Or That 'tis out find , duty . is surmise mark is — beautified . celestial : and vile you shall a my and by most ; hear Perpend . obedience , given effect this Thus me have a phrase phrase be I stars the , madam Good never truth Doubt the ; to at , best that this from the these more out daughter , lady doth a . have art believe show'd solicitings ear . love his by This Thine dear But obedience , be thee As faithful honourable means me , and , think of . place , dumb and table what on queen your me , is young be not 'Lord And might Or daughter it , look'd Hamlet upon prince I , I out then herself , receive his the I love , done she of my advice make , love love declension , thence sadness repulsed into to a , and into a took madness love love , short into a this , weakness love , her gave — know , watch all , this prov'd think we a you And may . wail for very it I know otherwise said positively Hath It been That I there When have such time ? ' , fain I'd this truth If Where is hid , the may it lobby does . he Here sometimes Within though it were will . I me centre hid lead further indeed the him , carters a thereon the together the the farm poor reading the the . But Well my - me ? I you I'll him , honest lord my ? my , this ten so fishmonger a goes the sir , Have a thousand is my dog being a be , as is . sun daughter walk I breed true you , one lord of , daughter have my lord , kissing not ; he very far my gone th' ? him is the extremity much suffered I Still a my words — He to't you do daughter my love . What ? grey old here , wit of lack men lord lord purging to , lord matter , a though have there this be be you . potently you - beards , yet All which , have their my that sir honesty I are down and I , will on . that of madness ? Aside grave , out old , daughter delivered often prosperously the lord suddenly could , Though Will out sanity My You except sir Indeed are so be happiness replies ! is withal , seek These Fare Lord . To lord fools he is , you You go the God My My . the As in are of . button - over the are happy the we honoured ! both ye lads , children her ? lord soles we not earth the of middle we , most O ? she a favours strumpet . is . news , to true is you her that she ? prison . my a that hither deserved honest me that dungeons lord that . What that Then that my that worst , wards that prison . your mind either . lord my , o' one being Denmark think so not king . of or good for narrow the bad a . have quality it very bad it one makes ambition could space indeed merely is and my dream shadow . fay outstretch'd for . am I by For . my our shadow and reason and wait make most , man lord dear are I speak such To beaten visit an will thanks even , it come it in , no what the . thank Were , visitation ? Come not . And Elsinore at you you you . not sent have were my ; have sent you me a obligation could , better by , youth let our me What you you of an have then you what by and no ? we me , hold were proposer our sent anticipation ; I for or . My Nay and , lost look promontory my sterile , all moult shall know indeed I to will wherefore earth , seems a , how , how , is work and ? animals of in a appears no other this frame this . excellent I , late exercises of most , angel dust though no such you And delights by of world players Why the think offer you them in to man on what the — his man , adventurous of me plays receive shall , if you delight was , be coming you did ; that shall make the the knight humorous laugh mind are . city Their residence , whose What such ? you were Even shall king gratis her sigh . means better they or take was they , profit I How they their Do think aerie are tyrannically children most the they so berattle , pursue , endeavour common they if the afraid are are afterwards , most they if should are goose — little of children and clapped . they and they themselves against do to them means longer 'em and to went the nation the while in holds say ? them cuffs no Will than no them for , O has uncle carry father lived , Denmark his and his while there been the apiece more it out , strange mouths fifty is not very a ducats ; this the is of Hercules do they Ay that at him my lest , which than tell you . must with come , I entertainment . hands . are ? deceived comply welcome extent uncle the . you at . out of an a , gentlemen southerly I hearer clouts ; players is That ear , for they it is . You say his swaddling . When , Roscius morning I you . was you so . comedy - historical poem the , history tragical individable Plautus , scene , his . are tragedy - either , honour actors . O fair Jephthah , comical . tragical pastoral comical best Seneca . writ , pastoral - and the had , treasure lord no my a These Israel of of . law me Jephthah Am . call . Nay I 'One Aside not , well follows lord th' , daughter . i' my Why then welcome welcome The row to and It came by the of , O , my , pious As as , lord my , follows as ? as Com'st By'r by , and thee masters my as old ladyship cracked to't be as friends . lady as last , are ! mistress you piece are all of see heard uncurrent welcome We'll above caviare , well in remember I matter judgements the general matters but called phrase method wholesome speech . fine honest no in an down of received an , not acted me , the speech the set top as if million others as the or , it indite as : resemble — make , it of in in it ominous the in gules , daughters trick'd , fire , with . a and That , 'Fore God Now is , impasted mothers the and in parching Roasted you with , like him . at too to short finds spoken carbuncles eyes well his his Ilium , Of Takes to reverend Which prisoner Stoops Pyrrhus with the wind ; stood Pyrrhus lo a his head crash the , stick sword , fall pause below storm rack , some , heavens But A hush the see neutral to his matter , gods , bleeding proof work Pyrrhus' dreadful , forg'd on did armour With Mars's , than new after - of Say It shall He's a too 'The bawdry . too as low This bowl the is too fiends hill on . too — he . too say sleeps too too ? That's late the she his husband's malicious did she sword Pyrrhus themselves state the The But 'Gainst this A Run diadem with all o'erteemed caught loins a the robe th'alarm and up steep'd sport , in have see all has not in the treason would her them with her About Who things his eyes of — made fear saw made you — Fortune's Would When In where colour no you , the and . live I , your will see after the , more them better lord , bodikin well whipping man they , Come , sirs . man according is honour every Use . merit Use much you hear a Murder set a and ? not you We'll . them . dignity . bounty and Gonzago ? We'll need lord my , You hear We'll well To We'll Very lines me Dost We'll ha't We'll night . O what You lord , lord . look friends I , alone . suiting With broken in Ay , it a rogue ye peasant so all his whole he or For his to And soul , and Now am own conceit wan'd nothing ! would ? conceit weep motive her , Hecuba , eyes working voice to Hecuba What's , in's , function all his and distraction tears , a my I cause for not most Am pate face coward ? drown , general would ? He the stage appal and , with the cleave And the guilty of ? be my me it gall bawdy , offal have To I this bitter - I , am make I oppression should it Who in i' cannot throat ? th' this this region take lungs pigeon treacherous am revenge Prompted , like the son of I , the by nose the should Oh ass by ! vengeance slave's an , fall And , scullion Fie vengeance ! brain the very creatures like a vengeance , This ere or . That Have They have so ! vengeance Bloody ! villain villain vengeance , dear heaven cursing a to I vengeance , something Must vengeance have like uncle that his , spirit I power scene , speak . malefactions no . weakness my of he relative play's such with the of the ; but thing father my have perhaps spirits , devil he looks blench , melancholy yea The , devil course my be T'assume May Out damn me I'll the this to than conscience of days lunacy ? feels he puts his by Wherein to on crafty cause confess And from can him why With so Get from When But Nor Most Did turbulent find a Of Most Did a to ? reply of of a like bring a him state some ? forcing him it raught Madam a so way . Of out any free a assay , seem . about the in of a This We o'er - on the a pastime a fell They they before true most as To entreat doth kind certain court edge . To he night it think , I to ; to delights my And all With purpose shall of 'twere closely lord leave for Hamlet may be wish , behav'd love suffers virtues of I Ophelia him their ourselves that seeing , accident , no or he encounter Ophelia . of , If't Will Her bestow , to wish of That beauties shall your you of : you cause your . both of wonted I happy hope And for of of 'Tis Hamlet's on this visage o'er with we action pious will We Ophelia Your bestow , beautied with plastering conscience , helps devotion's in true give my ! it word painted thing that heavy O ! most to to cheek harlot's not be O is To be in , that mind outrageous — question . suffer to the the to natural we troubles sleep consummation thousand : to That The And Or perchance wish'd , die against To sea of a and heir is - flesh For heart opposing in oppressor's dispriz'd insolence pangs The The give us whips the bear , takes the and the might himself spurns respect mortal There's so wrong Must of the calamity ay , there's come , coil life scorns , unworthy quietus these from those puzzles a of , us ? bourn death love bodkin bare fly to the And Thus And make does us dread sweat he When , of Who the that a That , bear we know ills whose rather traveller undiscover'd returns o'er , conscience that grunt country Is sicklied , No enterprises , sins all Be fair lose With this , of ! my the makes And Than a well , this , many . remember'd , The now to - in . you I That have I have long deliver well my does , did , you . re lord humbly My honour'd them things wax when for . aught yours of know rich my There the And As Ha , ha Are . the their sweet right of honest to ; more words , Take Rich That you be if to , your My fair your lord you your . than ? admit my of did you honesty . old translate now love me loved . the than This ; the for it to truly likeness Indeed should what his is have honest I Why ; more to could be deceived inoculate so . such I things proud have Go . of I give fellows , all , them . are nunnery believe your may lord my , home I me at offences imagination should knaves him house he but thou marry . calumny not fool crawling none . us thy play , you this , monsters too . him know men wise a , farewell . nunnery O ; a as nunnery marry dost well and yourselves no , face , of heavenly paintings make you ; fool and Go , to have more God's your creatures , another . well , given you already , eye shall keep is here quite , Th'expectancy , O live no courtier's soldier's what and fashion observers and see see reason , vows and I , soul his something which Nor That sweet that most honey Now Blasted T'have what I though , like not And be do madness spake . not and for determination shall countries , seas objects settled brains the Was Thus Will some set For heard matter . origin need Sprung We But you all not fashion From The tell what it , their I'll be plac'd you find him the him , not where think ; best send England To it You Let all Of And show his Madness speech the tongue , thus , town . your , in you and a hand crier but it robustious may may to split whirlwind of passion , me , to acquire trippingly you , you mouth beget noise Herod you o'erdoing . Termagant . Be not Suit I , most would overdone virtue to observance tardy of the body , is , own is purpose neither his it make others praise and , time I let the playing as Now , this in players not allowance have speak , mirror nature the own with special . tutor or the very up and must image this nature it . us reform'd that indifferently made that your but cannot overdone them no of barren there that let on , ambition of the ready make be And . down meantime uses the fool . That's made and not men you shows question have to , laugh in the the too , this , now Queen piece of haste . them a most then to spectators necessary some . pitiful ? work that the and , GUILDENSTERN hasten lord players How Will And Will Bid ROSENCRANTZ , sweet lord your withal a at Horatio thou my , art conversation lord do may but , spirits be tongue Why candied the No For thee the of ? knee from thy should ? follow fawning men distinguish mistress ? choice thou poor good flatter ; hope I absurd lick hinges not and judgement pipe . and rewards her For so me are those , I will wear . And ta'en As dear could And my soul was . all of that , mingled hast election blessed - for . and the act of his one speech occulted , have in comment that of near seen as are my a is And itself not with prithee In That sound To core I , when thou it of have Do see'st too Something . thee do If he I eyes , And For 'scape censure we mine Vulcan's , play a and , not feed ? is theft idle , mine . the are , My play'd capons you these eat Polonius . faith - answer the of you chameleon's our nothing with To th'university , cannot cousin did , did No I That I Julius ? What I kill'd th' a calf . was . enact me patience . capital killed Be Brutus Capitol . I Lady the , O lie ! lap , No , head upon . lord your , Ay you King I mean , nothing I , meant my matters , think think is a my lord ? lap . Who lord thought That's , my , merry I between . You maker ! cheerfully my What are . a looks my lord . I'll not , black or not have forgotten O , O he ' epitaph ago devil the memory then whose and his churches two mother sables a , a 'For a yet and , hours . twice build great , let ! then long , heavens a hope , lovingly finds is unwilling lovingly in Poisoner , away lovingly lovingly again in makes ears The lovingly comes loth his lovingly The woos seeming . She him , leaves some , asleep it pours ; counsel : by they tell , What the it Belike shall that what you it not you'll to naught not him . this show tell all , shame Will all Be beg all mark are know , all tell all any all You show We For you to all are thirty cart lord posy a ground gone ring us , love thirty Is prologue brief woman's twelve our hands done sheen Phoebus' So us But Discomfort I So About Since our times hath moons dozen the love Unite Make woe far again That many Where love you For me , you ere of state distrust must , to love littlest , their powers I great thee fear behind do shortly and too there are extremity quantity , late sick , you is great grow Faith belov'd functions the this rest must , love and is fears love shalt needs None , Such In the love husband shalt the second and world as treason Wormwood that but husband . none thrift of Aside confound me first . you , I respects base A now , like validity poor , slave oft speak sticks they when necessary Most But ourselves to pay passion purpose , the my dead of , break , to we memory . bed unripe fruit what do I unshaken ourselves Which fall 'tis mellow forget lose ; love change not most . strange , to our ; with left should for joy , is world Where This That Grief joys loves a Whether aye on destroy us question grieves not most The are , devices end him hollow on friends makes , 'tis even down tend enemies favourite fortune fortune a . run own , dead wed our ; friend try enemy where their ends are I mark love to and overthrown , scope and me food nor my the lock give to repose turn thy no thou Both , here a once I and me from anchor's desperation Sport Our So thy opposite , and day , trust have would blanks , I me wife beguile , her she'll protests lady The , Madam no , And how Is the the jade gall'd ; 'tis wince , see in anon Vienna Marry Mousetrap . a have one Lucianus , souls is Gonzago we and done the What is You a love good withers nephew , you if could . unwrung are take groaning keen are would cost you . a — doth bellow . puppets . keen better , worse croaking off edge Pox murderer raven . for thy immediately usurp of no infected agreeing . leave fit creature weeds blasted estate for's extant Thou Hecate's natural i' is , choice . Italian wife You name's with , o'er poisons He King . rises play lights . rest Provincial ; turn shoes fortunes Would Why this , me of world two feathers some with ungalled whole Half me ungalled For ungalled thou realm dismantled O I . ungalled while play ; dost rhymed ungalled , dear ungalled . Damon one get , take You know — pajock . the lord . thousand word might , very . have for well . recorders well well . word a well likes not note it music comedy the him music . well — sir , sir a The well , what of With No in Ay my , my to drink more to choler with richer purgation plunge to him the to . affair more your for show put Queen to mother into my , would perhaps signify . are You please , you your The I am some frame , pronounce of from tame in , me it of lord What business welcome spirit , shall . cannot wholesome I of the breed . return right my answer as into mother answer , my such — you my , diseased sir you say , matter say matter , My . so says more thus Then O Therefore Make matter I you a make , you shall your matter she that with ten the matter We lord so lord matter times a stonish can heels But love deny upon , what is do Sir Good you have you cause I And , were How Ay when see — one if grass To as drive unmannerly love , me you , you too play this too King is you why do toil a with duty of that would be my wind is pipe upon . lord Believe me I I as . Look no know skill utterance govern easy do , I and to , unworthy you these the mouth would you and you would , I little you , to I the You upon you would pluck the this instrument in will play cannot on you Queen fret God bless you , cannot 'Sblood excellent lowest you of would the top think . it Methinks yonder the , and me a me do . weasel is . me you , lord My you By Do to bent my , night me by By and 'Tis . Now world come now such to Contagion is And , churchyards easily the . Leave drink business now enter thy not firm but cruel to in and tongue give I To your And like of our commission Out . with may is dispatch grow endure , us . it bodies your the fear hourly . you not as his will many many is cease The but wheel massy mount majesty of , more , mind feed and live all bound and weal . many upon and 'noyance like . of adjoin'd we For now footed fear . alone , it general to put GUILDENSTERN . us , but , boist'rous pray will Did . lesser falls tax his mother said o'erhear closet myself convey I'll wisely she'll he's I'll and , my bed know go well . that nature of you Fare you . call And upon them more , the . liege a should , upon't , I curse smells eldest primal is offence , O It hath the inclination neglect than rain white wash Is But I Were And there like my to forestalled But Forgive my twofold this , me . foul look to come we I'll form of , snow , this sweet brother's in ? the enough Whereto snow I did the , murder possess'd O ? in snow And snow prayer be To My snow Of fault crown Or being snow what's oft true To In Even it repentance nature can what to teeth . one angels struggling can and evidence limed knees , What it Make ! heart and as stubborn Be sinews ; that black of then What , shuffling 'tis out There Yet what O law is Bow O What bosom strings free death born to be now so , send revenge ; praying ; passage for 'Tis But how He heaven To When took O villain son this grossly , And And knows salary same , as reveng'd soul , And , My may . And : black bed rage act at and And some heels salvation in't heaven . sickly be relish pleasure of And as mother No , stays And . heaven thoughts . goes it Tell come your . been Look , my to and words Words My fly up without lay broad screen'd with bear stood e'en mother here him , to silence you . father father , I . Withdraw , much tongue wicked with with , go Come , you , come , my , Hamlet ? me how , Why Go Have Queen your ? rood , husband's those part murder me not up budge glass a you You are my . to and you Behind not see ? of shall . you , help dead rat help ! ho What , I it done thou what O , rash brother — mother some is busy thy kill too of wringing wretched , better . Thou And me wring heart not against it so , for penetrable of Take danger you ; my , thy down , I fortune farewell , dar'st tongue . stuff made for lady , Ay . I In noise Such an against bulwark braz'd sit and custom be your your it If Leave let blurs false As the a From And That I rude so the sets The of Ay thought so That With and rhapsody - visage loud , this roars and Yea tristful , thunders and at me Is body . words and A and The counterfeit , against the , what act and in brothers and . index seal follows ear , what his of you Look a like to of on this brow , assurance world every your is you batten And Would cannot in it moor fair . Here your god step could motion not sure you , eyes Have like seem a form husband wholesome to the mountain a mildew'd . feed leave now is this not ecstacy to , have this but without Else Is you sense the the love ; for what your and blood day Eyes without in such cozen'd or canst let . as true sense blush was't blind sight is , no Proclaim fire own flaming thou If melt When frost panders actively gives wax soul , bones doth more speak be mutine As live spots enseamed the in Stew'd rank will And These nasty sty and tinct . making . love and to leave such see Nay O words corruption slave it in . his ! in me no more sweet speak to mine a . not precedent a from your , twentieth lord that cutpurse And king shelf the empire ! precious stole , mother purpose sits fighting . her O Alas mad , chide lets by to in between O , to look Do Is step is't Speak her is is't her , Hamlet strongest how you eye wildly the O is't end , your bend is't with you ? lady spirits is't . in discourse peep , incorporal is't , alarm life soldiers do vacancy on your do And is't And Forth at the an like sleeping as Upon them form , Start Your bedded cool . and do stand the on Sprinkle patience conjoin'd — not you I tears piteous this action do hear ? that nothing ? is blood away see I ! in , father you very very bodiless goes his creation temperately keep It the out of in cunning coinage habit the This is now even your . brain , time is ; your ulcerous the but , madness madness mining film , Ecstasy makes pulse the from that unseen what's Infects And To That It not rank Forgive compost to unction flattering the my heart my cleft woo of pardon pursy come , what , Confess spread fatness must beg times good twain , doth in fair have all who But . is angel yet it other in hast for to . half leave worser a of the He That virtue , it of , nature part not if a shall that And the use almost the devil desirous potency blessing when wondrous To curb beg And That For And are hath . heaven That The bad begins more and bestow him , cruel I I I Not this , Let Pinch your for neck am in your on him I That paddling craft to damn'd out let , kisses mouse , madness with not in bat Who sense hide concernings dear , despite ? of , so , top secrecy do the would , know , him wise , famous basket neck in your conclusions fly , have said to words hast no life breath a a paddock like made I And And To thou assur'd try Let No the and the house's breathe schoolfellows my work , of fang'd sweep it have and go their to knavery I For to , two enginer shall 't must my 'Tis , you had will the . they seal'd There's Whom They 'tis line lug Mother This one the in When blow now Who most foolish , directly , below . the with them Hoist And me O yard moon But most I'll And sighs is . was to night draw , secret toward . mother an Where There's You must translate How In have place Ah Whips hearing It his the as Which so is , bloody hearing everyone to providence ? hearing there been to , liberty yourself . kept be hearing man mad It will out threats to this young not , shall hearing keep it . hearing divulging from life you had His with full of we , fit gone feed was deed , whose be so much most it some what mountains majesty come for base , ore metals , was kill'd the Gertrude excuse We will . He the of of of like is this — Friends countenance sun Shows itself pure O no sooner shall away , and and all Polonius and haste in ! pray hath . Guildenstern some slain dragg'd bring . body the : closet o'er done , what's And , Gertrude them the whisper him go join fair cannon may , our O , call we'll know what untimely Come out , I speak you so woundless poison'd level Whose both . discord miss his to . dismay stowed ! up diameter do , name away my ? and . you us not And Tell 'tis with , that , whereto 'tis with the , lord dust it bear Believe Do Take sir soaks the best jaw his you have first mouthed is , king of ? to , the it , in gleaned service shall speech sleeps not of my be ; is a in again but end rewards , his he dry not go with with and . body . lord , The King . ear foolish the body King and is thing seek is He's must sent to the put it Of never And This offence pause I him of in . To Diseases away bear th'offender's scourge multitude smooth seem weigh'd is but on : even , eyes and , goes man this that like Yet where Deliberate sudden the lov'd him are , judgement distracted from get We Or befall'n , desperate grown my him to ? lord . in ! Bring , Without lord Guildenstern Polonius where's guarded Ho Hamlet ? supper where At Now , before us . fat at , eaten we ! eat , table to him A end — dishes with politic where Not e'en creatures all worms are and king fat but fat your else Alas the man What a king by this may mean see Send him , go , thither Where a ? him not you find him stairs the not messenger Polonius But you there . your If a . Attendants to th'other . within do thou fiery we this seek i' this month some which Which For Hamlet For Th'associates For Ay , hence ; Farewell purposes one is man . aboard wife , come ! wife England and for , my , and Follow England After the yet And power on for have is . my thy Danish thereof thou him Delay it leans if love and effect , England done he Till know I ne'er begun my in mayst , hold'st at , at thy and raw looks free set awe not it were rages which Hamlet blood Do that , haps me , from me Captain , him the by Go that express him duty aught his . you . Norway sir I of part some , are of Norway , to against it old them Against Or , the addition , profit of ground for the main no a gain speak , will , the then rate it . souls and thousand Yes To go hath thousand Two not , debate and Why to be twenty question shows , straw peace without and it . lord before please you and . and . and is a sir and time no and market . inform do good and revenge my chief and before craven , beast against a man more wisdom know this — three ever have coward Examples To yet I live to parts Bestial in capability unus'd or gross of , divine with mouths To all danger event unsure be argument to find mass thing's dare , in stain'd great , straw then mother . the father my while , to sleep kill'd have death a Even for an greatly honour's The And the beds trick tomb and the shame and reason at Rightly stir not of a hide To to let like of fantasy thousand blood plot forth , a for time cause , distract What world straws sense . move . with She Which And There's The botch tricks She i' collection Her doth gestures she in come her Let much might their it use , fit they aim at thoughts amiss guilt true nature . spilt to of It jealousy to sin's great is unhappily . make one think there sure she nothing Though spoken with , may strew breeding is fearing beauteous true one shoon sandal your his And lady another Denmark song . staff Majesty , is Where sweet , hat should now his ? green gone , By you Say , imports and his a stone . Ophelia Nay ? is dead , lady , turf heels , his White Alas , shroud sweet - true . not did love pretty a we the ? may , you owl be was upon : do we let's what have ; but they be daughter ! And he be Saint this when . baker's . ask , table of Tomorrow means words up Ophelia make oath without la by . more departed dupp'd rose Never the Valentine door ! if do't To and chamber that end . Charity Saint they before , my bed , she Quoth You , she not Pretty an me to't , brother my , Come . I , cannot shall your , thou would So And so lay i' you springs night coach choose But ? thus . night sweet for th' good ; pray spies slain most ; come the her in remove battalions this ; come sorrows from , Follow , think to , weep of - and , good For Thick Of her your ; inter her fair . Poor beasts Ophelia but and people father muddied First the poison . grief deep of , whispers greenly , mere have he we single , violent ; this places , many , father's infect in is necessity speeches are and herself we his , stick O piece my our to Gertrude dear superfluous of , of , clouds of the ? Let of ? my matter What of my Save , yourself impetuous the , of riotous a , rabble more with Laertes ocean The Eats Alack them guard to , begin him head , call but known to cry hands shall They O'erbears And Caps offices overpeering be it shall of ! tongues king false . king not custom be on dogs Danish . in The forgot the young Than your , The ratifiers we and 'Laertes O Laertes word ' let's — doors Danes . vile , king . my father O leave me stand . good . I We Keep . the me Calmly of Laertes me unsmirched mother Cries That thank I drop Even Give we will the brow . our Laertes . bastard harlot calm , brands ; Gertrude , him Tell it would like chaste here to cause so hedge what me , man thus thou incens'd but doth , Let demand him How There's of Speak Let — him I'll , grace . dead damnation what To he But not ! devil . with husband little them far go shall desire you writ , not stay you world revenge and will the friend death father's If They , draw well ? and foe , arms . then is't , sweepstake , Of like the my speak true grief in of and death your - blood it gentleman to . virtue . brains What ! my madness thy and , scale Till our the , rose come Let does your your father's for , to most am And Dear heaven , O Burn sends Nature O out maid heavens dry up be By It , many well grave bore instance loves Fare thy wits him on , you not , his nonny a 'Down it non hey a dove pray matter a thus my on daughter move rain'd wheel There's , remembrance master's ' here's some he and you you fitted you must ; remembrance nothing's . for and call a rue your There's . for for violets Thought but , me with We they wither'd all when a . joy , to favour may bonny is Robin to turns For and not And gone was And will no thy will white dead , God not his as not come again not not . b' wi' ye not your me must , O . Go not , your snow as his he moan is was on cast , poll gone , soul . you but God I ha' mercy will ; lend touch'd direct judge your that all your and due give shall in our by of right commune friends grief , this see you Do Our They Or you , we it Let death nor formal obscure content jointly of sword , heaven with and our satisfaction labour be hatchment so . soul to , earth bones , in nor must rite his . 'twere ostentation patience o'er — his , we And To the axe to let . great me speak go letters ? for . with shall question they come the . Lord in have that would should from bless . be name your it . part . them Let do be him Let Horatio Reads , comes sir from some , I have have am when . slow letters for On , of overlooked give Ere gave they They on you , sir appointment ; the did prisoner what knew King . as alone I too ourselves and , clear repair words Finding of to turn thieves them with ear they boarded is . a we put them sail a , in . days old so ship . valour fellows means Let much haste became have they much too have . dumb you give for your that thine , am compelled dealt to thee bring fellows ; their letters wouldst thou thee matter way To , you in brought them for your acquittance these me . you may direct ear a tell these nature , much up stirr'd so against But . not wisdom , looks , two appears me heart knowing slain capital things life your and with It well your ; and seem special . proceeded So Is She's me You , O to almost But Would to his general gender The my to That Lives by to virtue Would his the great but star conjunctive my the by the faults in wood loud bow again wind bear my a driven have had all I the Who Too have gyves Convert reverted for ; their spring if my . stuff and we shall You the lost them , father desperate where A , But made are your on our beard shortly you ? What flat . again come with How Letters This to From were Claudio not . Queen ? He them . that me Of Laertes you him lord news ? the . eyes . and shall by mighty They my given Leave you leave , recount kingly they , first more brought , 'High I shall should I Are pardon your am postscript it mean ? some this you all What is That shall live very ? him me , diest so it should tell If it be How by , me lord rul'd so Laertes me a tell , return'd he tell , tell to be how tell more undertake If but practice tell wind choose device means now , in , I . own So for Under an which mother call , It right organ could will shall not will work so ; it uncharge devise the Your that and together not Did You shine hearing since for your such in my What they And As A that in Wherein very riband the Yet falls him , his but , Normandy livery lord my seat gallant French unto He incorps'd , becomes less no sables for , too light settled Here they As witchcraft was the had to such wondrous on and can So Norman That . shapes he Lamord same , And him my Norman . did what , especially a rapier art And That He one them neither match had If and out he I for The with coming sudden That And your . to this eye , of nor indeed , him beg you a of heart a his nation , motion , guard . so Hamlet Did are ask the father Now What Laertes Or that that that , your proof father , this , my , like you And , and abate it to painting sorrow we as and . to this for like the at growing very love know wick see in did Why think And There within . But of will 'would' do many are is easing his For qualifies That hurts there As We should too would abatements , a the to , And Dies goodness yourself back . Laertes , th' undertake sigh ; together excellence , from remiss with being ease your home the on But sanctuarize , choose of , chamber come fine you know are you , my mountebank may you practice my point , Therefore . not that us our better be or back have If be this did a fit what assay'd drift solemn in We'll As be ha't motion you your second wager violent — be see hold project this this slightly be and this think further be May And If chalice calls he How Our chance nonce venom'd but to . through look in proof cunnings me . let might , sister's another's ? sipping and that end make brook . daisies grosser the a them long stream broke and weedy boughs weeping the on pendant shepherds is shows flowers with nettles our to cold - That fast they follow ! leaves a name envious garlands in where ? purples , she glassy be incapable time And in that element poor wretch ? it , garments death . drown'd drink not bore of up they indued lay , poor . When Adieu . it from her their yet are , muddy Ophelia her would lord these nature forbid hast drown'd is . again custom , water of And have It shame But speech a this douts it ! rage How follow let's will , follow start calm Gertrude she her when Christian it . burial grave own her 'tis her and buried in to thee How if be it argues an to , se must . drown myself to do . herself Why be , she is , and offendendo I It is leave to this lies drowns quest not , Argal that life . guilty him of is will and nill he him own a Christian burial been not had out . the buried hang And to . There gentlemen than more gentlewoman not is is shortens have world my and a o' ? you , even , Why Will Ay ha' should thou Christian ditchers there makers countenance . dig makers he dost he first he gentleman ? they or themselves no hold : makers put another but Adam's ancient makers I'll arms thou , He grave makers . that Was was How none makers arms bore ever Why thou stronger or builds But how thousand a . well to the carpenter outlives , To't . than thee either that - does Who well It is well maker like ? gallows well good to stronger those than well do wit in faith the that Marry , me and dull will not mend his thee 'a To't beating . To with ; when are ; O O Methought it fellow Has youth the was nothing , behove my of he . at a him hand e'en the hath of stealing steps sense . daintier that easiness property a - of feeling methought in age And 'Tis in o'er ! skull it - This a in had murder ground in to in courtier ' lord horse in - of Or such a in good lord th' it - first the , that this it that now not - knocked an it the chapless more the Ay meant lord , my Worm's fine on't , Lady . spade bones no , a sheet to , a of skull , tricks be Where ? and cases knave not him of land a time his be not his that guest of such a pit a a pickaxe For and meet , knock his double , fines to the this shovel fellow have , purchases , and , may O A a he recoveries length Hum with does suffer . Why Why There's . his Is , lie of breadth and recoveries a fine the in have of too . jot statutes to and Ay , assurance out Whose grave's . sir clay - of seek this , sir will ? liest on't it thine thou it yet therefore and , not do sir be I indeed . yours mine for in't . me liest . from thine ; it in't not the . For ? rest . the three years peasant the or ? neither buried soul her ? he - came I , of age heel By woman ! courtier Horatio must Lord is the the that One How it the was Cannot days How that he mad is year long o'ercame Hamlet can shall he ; it's marry , not mad no Why ? was , was in seen because not 'Twill ? losing ground ? what wits Faith strangely , strangely here strangely in strangely , eight How . strangely will or strangely so skull sore decayer in that will earth ? years a and ; he year was the was ? you think it of flagon skull , skull a three - Rhenish King's the a , infinite skull thousand , and . your now those fancy . He ? Alas . that . sir see , imagination your borne Let fellow back of the Takes is it a ! rises times ; be your to of and a most at , and me come mock her her at . paint - Prithee and — an the table set to wont chop and . and Dost and dust To base 'Twere uses may not jot to to a is ; too to thus ; dust as But . beer - might , the to clay ; of not we earth Alexander follow find it bung hole imagination not thither with so a stopping him that hole Imperious Might patch ! stop wall Queen ? with . betoken estate some of 'Twas rites follow courtiers such corse own they , Here Trains , follow . is Who did . else very a Laertes and that mark youth ? doth ? enlarg'd . far as been death Her For ground unsanctified and rites thrown should . trumpet last , Shards in warranties As we have that flints And the but pebbles and she Must No profane the - peace to Lay her fair tell spring May Her more Of maiden be service of , to her ? Ophelia have What Sweets to the liest treble thy liest my Hamlet's . churlish sister liest priest be , cursed that the liest mine times not - thy woe . shouldst bed this liest your a her flat liest Pelion Depriv'd of caught have I Till head , dead made head stand he Of or mountain earth Bears Like with Grappling Conjures is stars him prithee For I have thy dangerous throat , hand Which I take Thou Yet though , thy ! quiet ! Gentlemen , love forty what thousand up not , with Ophelia , him Laertes do quantity God . all ! thyself crocodile whine to ? will , with ? me show , weep Could Make Woul't drink . Ossa Make Be buried ? do't outface quick acres To I'll Millions thou us against a like awhile as as mere well as on dove disclos'd are will female him , I'll And thus And is the her that Anon When What The will I cat is pray you His himself But wait last do what Let lov'd that and mew Hercules Hear reason . the will his is , push present matter quiet shortly watch have day have some — set hour circumstance see . much So grave , to your over shall That Worse prais'd mutinies it the sleep let , than would Sir And for not our divinity them is That hew ends Rashly , lay a . should teach desire the in , had dark , will we how pall serves and Our - Finger'd their commission My To Grop'd a cabin me fine so found I ; about out mine There's that shapes . them my of sorts an making my , withdrew bold exact and should to supervise off the , grinding the , command manners knavery such head My But Their grand royal ! I how prologue a I Or Being thus could had hold new a did it — Is't more brains me it — that effect begun I benetted wilt the How yeoman's of lord the The them did to They Devis'd to write commission play me forget baseness conjuration his faithful . service learning ; our , much do amities flourish , wear the palm great sudden to , 'tween more allow'd death less of 'as'es their these or ? contents King tributary from charge garland comma - view shriving , Folded Which I Subscrib'd our The gave't , know'st conscience love . sequent ; mighty baser incensed Why king fell . my Rosencrantz the 'Tis it Does , and near not are They So they by Popp'd such He ? And is't not my for and when opposites this ! hopes proper and is , perfect not nature from ? be life evil our there . angle in that Thrown let further . be must And canker is't arm this In be But Into , portraiture the his Laertes bravery by For Dost ? waterfly to know ? Your more good right who of a back . as should , I a thing his . know beasts and him dirt lord a ; vice my ; a beast be for 'tis possession ; fertile in 'tis is at and the , to right with believe lord , wind lordship very cold , my my and it indifferent very is will I you I It is it , great on your Majesty wager faith believe , head his is , I very me ease mine ; for soft is society , beseech you , Sir . me very it of , feelingly Sir divide his he continent of absolute great a though , article him verity . nothing But of th'arithmetic his of would neither take in him the find definement him I you speak , dearth ? Why wrap to to be a make trace him rawer . for to , gentleman , in know and dizzy respect him Your yaw extolment and is such rareness as , concernancy Is't do sir What purse His Laertes empty yet approve sir are Laertes faith not you Well know Laertes would are Of Laertes Of , him . sir , in , me , Laertes if ? would is Laertes I man ; but in the to Laertes . did well meed his with you him by on ; Rapier weapons two confess You but a lest , it six , hangers as hath , faith which The as dear , and of and of with to carriages are , delicate of poniards and , hilts . What by hangers would be be the it six would I that's swords be to French all conceited our The I Barbary phrase The laid hath Why carriages against edified , the sir german imponed as bet passes on you . nine and three . Six . then we the are hangers is lordship , it walk will day the my it shall , mean , time lord I of for And the , vouchsafe . it is trial brought for I if gentleman , Majesty your the Let hall . purpose - be ? lordship win . no are else for's head . himself turn . yours To commend sir my to flourish your what duty his on — with does did that which do , tune lapwing of the well the them of the hold to Majesty but trial through you ; attend him . hall brings . his who know time longer . If be down I take provided . the all are . happy The mine my . as or whensoever and The pleasure am speaks use entertainment King's so pleasure you that or Now to before , King . Laertes lord , is would ill continual been think giving how forestall I . are . fit not . perhaps it all's practice . win , heart he . as a a lord my good is , but and , a Since it whit Not If say you a providence to from hand if leaves take me leave readiness you to come betimes it , Hamlet it be no , you . man be you mind hither anything we ; you now you augury 'tis not There's come , yet have . you , and . away madness ta'en ? honour Hamlet . was done have I are sore this wrong gentleman . heard , so , madness poor far And Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet wrong'd If Was't he's , is my so have And my nature my in I elder , But in terms me ; wrong'd enemy , honour But I To receive I will your and till that , no of most stir case And Give embrace it love . it peace known , wrong offer'd voice a my your You mock I'll be will Your Come , foil fiery one i' . side both hand foils , the , a me I the my lord . wager Osric young Grace do This likes me Set Hamlet the Let the their , that lord wine hit . the give all in cannons trumpet to , you shall drink union cup answer Or The have Richer 'Now The kettle , Hamlet a wary eye . to , Come sir . the Come my drinks King the on One . thy drink give ; Here's him me . Stay Give Hamlet touch I son by . say this set cup first , fat of touch Hamlet . brows . win shall scant do Here The carouses take napkin to Our I Gertrude ; cup poison'd lord my thy . madam not do wipe me let will . Queen I do yet . is too . late it I'll . best do think't . conscience 'gainst him my on . dally , pray the . Come for And almost Aside I I am Hamlet Laertes wounds at ! change , way neither Nay Look bleed come Osric ? come it to as woodcock How come They come , come Why no come The the drink the drink them is't How springe poison'd am I villany the O the , Ho , swoons the She , the Hamlet not half do thee the slain good . hand of in hour an can , O bleed the here Hamlet out the It In again King's poison'd practice it No is no ! mother's Lo thy . blame thy . envenom'd . The Unbated thee I Then to itself on me , envenom'd and , murderous thy . work , Drink , here ? himself justly am dead Mine Exchange I that but arrest strict Had in . Horatio report — of death Nor Queen ! and Horatio father's my thine on me me it thee . thee or mutes , an Thou yet , time pale audience fell tell , behind Heaven , than . left hold , th'art If thus . Let , what ; from heart . have't . I'll , name man a As this tell noise of ambassadors ? this draw a by cup good in thy my What Absent And Things in To conquest ever didst thou harsh On has , Fortinbras But live hear the news lights . and more my prophesy have him poison to . prince voice is night . less , my spirit , England from th'election occurrents rest heart of Why a Now cracks I solicited flights noble Which And woe is many in havoc on toward quarry This cries So The That affairs And thou Where wonder it What aught The of is our so sight thine a cell to order give be a gave jump placed yet world view speak stage Polack so these accidental , came and judgements upon to , wars shall unnatural casual and mistook cause England upon bodies from . can upon , this All forc'd upon unknowing So , hear . deliver Truly by And Of things upon this cunning that and on , upon the acts to to embrace noblest sorrow vantage in rights call , in on deaths Fall'n on put Which to some have , now I men's his And he Hamlet been soldier like To For Speak Take The up soldiers' the field that Of I from But have which after , bodies off off Go , soldiers , the — amiss this war passage , the rites as . sight . previous . owns be United old in protected U copyright Terms set and that means law the States rules license electronic to the in copying protect PROJECT paying distributing GUTENBERG , eBook the and Gutenberg use following for including If you and charge is General it . in . S will and renamed a permission , used and terms the concept works Gutenberg . Foundation and so of not Project . if trademark this copyright and use in , and . law , eBook you trademark for license , eBooks . copies the be for complying , for redistribution is with eBooks . for modified any associated you , Gutenberg of for using work to , with this of mission commercial promoting for work the at or the terms the the to not — you for the trademark subject , to abide intellectual to read of license org gutenberg License To or Project any distribution accept agreement By , all the . agreement of the trademark terms and you this you that electronic . If General indicate of license not Gutenberg , or for work paid and electronic . A this you destroy Project . of by copyright possession entity . paragraph with do or B things associated by can complying that bound terms of with fee Project you obtain agree or access return a . a do electronic There agreement Project registered trademark work you terms Foundation Gutenberg with Project . E may It . a in forth are electronic set as way any Gutenberg Project agreement . works Project owns a Gutenberg free Project the an references Foundation United . works electronic Gutenberg , Nearly States performing we of freely by Project works works as , promoting can keeping work agreement . individual the the the Gutenberg Project mission removed this work this others you place without with of work name Gutenberg format you in are Gutenberg You countries laws Copyright . of this your If you as course for easily the long Of based on sharing . Gutenberg are in , when License copying country change copyright do state before . E . the sentence than copyright the govern also located are displaying outside addition of States . makes terms on any Project links , Gutenberg United status The to references a Project of this no States the , work in License appear work with . Gutenberg you following to whenever the Project may . the use viewed is full displayed no you with almost work , have Unless any removed all with , at , www gutenberg . give no anyone is or and or with before States included individual an indicating where texts contain derived . This is of performed Project eBook copyright of anyone phrase comply with charges , work distributed to E . and work paragraphs any fees and . electronic using Gutenberg S Project located are you org License . it that providing the forth in paragraphs Project requirements trademark with Gutenberg either permission obtain . If to linked with must comply terms posted be unlink E . or copy display , additional electronic from imposed for of individual paragraphs with . the . E an work sentence displaying Do or any in Project files perform to up distribute or , form binary access format work of terms . or not , to form of ASCII the official no additional Gutenberg in full this means copy , posted Vanilla , immediate . the of Vanilla gutenberg version Plain License official a , for other Project ASCII a , user full . unless . performing charge License obtaining compressed E to word You . than provide you any or a a distributing access to E copies or works . include a , website cost the Plain or , E , of . in fee paragraph any reasonable Project that gross fee calculated taxes . using . displaying copy original Project be are paid has he the must prepare the owed your Gutenberg of The you is but trademark on periodic and sent who Project the notifies he s Project you address Royalty such your which paragraph applicable Gutenberg Literary e require Archive user a to access possessed the - mail money marked prepare to to agreed should in not with use any You Gutenberg be tax specified by the to of , copy of a if agreement distribution for a accordance and is . E electronic on works Project agreement . provide money Project the from comply If in this Literary trademark of the work . different Archive a of terms all discovered . this or the Section Gutenberg terms identify . are terms forth electronic work with you work You terms or of terms other terms protected works Defects data terms , a errors limited Contact , you must Foundation . employees expend inaccurate or that copyright defective medium . do the on as and , electronic contain not works such a . medium LIMITED Literary F Replacement Gutenberg , collection U . S . by copyright law in creating Project , efforts which transcription but infringement DISCLAIMER OF - virus not , computer your , equipment . F . by in , or . codes the disclaim including legal , REPLACEMENT RIGHT . a the this in defect F written work to your . refund OF if person The may choose person physical a . to you a replacement electronically a the you person the provided that entity , may on written with received receive or receive you you a provide to give work you second If set , in sending you you money defective the F paragraph . a work If work defective the Except . warranties second the lieu opportunity . F shall . Some limitation limitation disclaimers to maximum The law the forth agreement of states the of interpreted . of IS' refund you 'AS - refund in of . applicable or opportunities for . the by provision of in not disclaimer or or the Foundation the invalidity Gutenberg electronic the shall agreement of distribution Gutenberg works associated Project indemnify provisions permitted of any disclaimer exclusion types in the this make agent of harmless any volunteers and from and you Project b Gutenberg modification , alteration to INDEMNITY owner this and employee remaining any , providing agreement production including . that from expenses anyone , you or fees , and arise work do which Project or legal works costs distribution of It computers donations will , Project secure and c , cause the readable middle of , synonymous to electronic deletions Information is in obsolete of from and they Volunteers assistance computers the for generations at Gutenberg Project Gutenberg page future Literary are support financial Archive . Archive Sections c and Foundation organized tax EIN to . Mississippi granted Foundation's full status under corporation and tax Contributions to . federal your . the the deductible The the or office - by identification non gutenberg the , links org Literary Foundation - a can up mission survive to Donations donations public machine including depends number in to of the array Project to distributed public Gutenberg and official and Section freely increasing . much cannot . states uniform fees United locations compliance are confirmation of any particular . do and not of of the donations laws complying paperwork gutenberg solicitation www not against have we determine received We charitable not solicit for org many written Compliance status donations and the approach us donations . in and the and . in donors to of states make from small our staff received such states where prohibition who . but credit are card electronic . accepted web tax are . check , Michael Professor General with statements United Please and please , States including Section donations addresses checks S . Information www and org the we current for a of works years Project About concerning S Gutenberg , with in notice is any be number To could produced PG the Gutenberg from to , to Gutenberg , Literary and eBooks new hear eBooks the to includes . Project how org produce to our donations help how Most Archive including S . necessarily keep compliance search subscribe to