Stand Nay Stand . Stand Stand Stand ? Stand . bed heart Well do good watch haste , bid and them ! And you The I And has my . Holla , Say , Barnardo farewell ! piece what ? this to appear , our to He And let , approve That Touching us Therefore watch if and speak not 'twill it come of this the have I tush eyes once again awhile our , have against again myself of the , of , comes — and that westward of , And Had night that's bell The now same , then it t'illume from where Look one Marcellus it . usurp'st and of buried this warlike charge form thee speak not ! tremble ! something more on't than will and think ? speak not this You look fantasy and this not How Is Before Without my So frown'd th'ambitious once he the Polacks strange when in . this our our , the land ; cannon , knows , not state , watch by eruption my of scope to tell strict , and same mart foreign why And such Does What not And might make At least , Was the as know ; a by combat on whisper image prick'd side Fortinbras who stood with ratified his gaged by Was Against the vanquisher ; of To he Had carriage inheritance been unimproved Hath to Hamlet Shark'd skirts of list and food hath Comes That So And father terms to As by source post this haste the main lost recover , And this those I take it , figure the state dews sheeted and the ere the In As Did mote A Disasters And And Have , But cross If art thou to be good ease Lo or , thy ! speak O if thou thee Or say it it . fate earth walk death in ! partisan ? will it if I Stop Marcellus ! being , violence invulnerable . the guilty a I to warning herein the the ; and the is , was fire trumpet like - at earth or comes his sounding throat , made crowing the 'gainst birth all night long ; strike , crowing hies spirit erring that no witch , singeth crowing dare power . stir probation abroad crowing charm , planets hath nor our Some crowing bird they crowing dawning Saviour's nights So have So No and so gracious in part clad , my will acquaint , advice life our . him to speak upon have by eastward hill it duty morning and , yet Lords , The bear hearts Voltemand Laertes our with Attendant dear , brow fought ourselves . him nature our , marriage eye state kingdom in dole freely we which . better Taken Now follows With Holding a weak supposal you , and to sometime with , our young delight with a now warlike sister 'twere auspicious our Your affair Or Importing , brother surrender dream late death , Fortinbras , gone thanks , frame out pester that scale nor have have wisdoms For all . made dear our by thinking to fail'd the most our Lost his valiant hath Colleagued with this not father to message hears levies all . for Fortinbras , of bed nephew's his this further , uncle herein and subject : much for Now Who Of of Giving with CORNELIUS all and ; King , old scope . and you ; power the your haste . personal farewell . greeting proportions the in , Voltemand more VOLTEMAND heartily we doubt We will the these let shall is speak reason wouldst native more of suit the : things Laertes to beg , the the . you our with is't instrumental of my ? hand the Your offer offer From To show and Dread offer lord your , pardon offer France to came thou is not offer What have , Denmark thy , father , Denmark ; offer return coronation whence bend bend toward ? bend bend says and done wrung be thine bend . slow leave , will father's your bend , spend fair now more bend thy And Aside so lord Good Not let thine my But Take , my graces , is little , that in thy like thy much nighted a , look ever cast the clouds am , colour off friend vailed must be ; particular is I with ? mother , not it cloak river the man These eye , visage indeed , that which . and moods haviour fruitful of it , within all can Nor nor are in mourning your to lost father father survivor a term , bound , is 'Tis most condolement incorrect . Hamlet , your the persevere course and to unmanly a grief sorrow obsequious obstinate a know An vulgar A vulgar As should reason To fault what any to most Fie vulgar the death dead , pray think to the This vulgar and that you world our vulgar son intent your father of and for less bears throw us vulgar , note take toward to bend comfort immediate cried immediate today cheer our our to a immediate and not to Hamlet you to back In immediate courtier , of remain , her ; our in . immediate we thee shall best in immediate desire Wittenberg For , my immediate in Here I Let Our pray Sits ourself , in all Be to my Denmark loving 'tis a health as This and heart that to the thunder . unprofitable O God garden nature in ! come this unweeded , much not gross this was not and that should to winds the , of and appetite she yet , those shoes poor she , father's discourse with married no more Within most her in wicked to galled a unrighteous speed to sheets hold must come cannot I lordship ! you forget see lord : ever good poor I my servant ? Good — you that name my , your same . Horatio you friend , Wittenberg even from my ? Wittenberg . Elsinore are your ear good you sir . truant ere father's you your depart me my , see . I — had I coldly thrift had , my He my My Or my In father my my I My my lord my I I , think ? my for till a admiration your Season an Upon Two had Marcellus In the thus had Appears Goes their truncheon's had and jelly had them they the as thing had had each made , had more not . knew this ? was are I the upon speak not you , Did lord none I , did , methought address speak . loud , away 'tis , lord in our troubles . lord . you say my . he , not or , What , wore his or ? or . constantly have or would very Stay'd with or moderate haste I Most or And or one Very While , I have A like was warrant If bid I tonight silver'd I 'twill again walk ; gape , pray this hap but and silence . is farewell : well twelve . your So , will night honour you visit Our duty I'll to mine ! would o'erwhelm , assistant , sister is , doubt still But then Farewell . benefit , blood you that from trifling winds give are me you the let the of sweet so ? temple . he you doth and this the cautel but no it crescent bulk . no Grows The thews wide of greatness weigh'd for he is The virtue His For sanctity himself unvalu'd , and the main your with weigh give Or the To shot the chariest maid and her galls their , best safety none . near . lies most wary oft the before The Virtue itself rebels , my to Show Whilst Do As me the not I watchman some and of me not , But his double grace leave here blessing smiles The Yet you Look And Of man's man thine censure ear may palm hoops of comrade being of entertainment adoption thee thy thy : voice beware but few judgement true . lord my . man thee , your leave the of itself generous the a lender edge the both false my go ; you I humbly Ophelia I memory the Farewell key , of yourself 'Tis it . of late you me put and so most understand — of , way so do in not behoves you , is As What hath Pooh lord , tenders girl . truth honour clearly so late me up must the your many circumstance you perilous like a yourself for a pay baby , fool poor a , lord the , to go soul prodigal , From - time making ; know , Ophelia rate , young is For maiden higher few for ; a both a Lord is it as take so And Not not may Believe words you that like his implorators sanctified . slander talk any , which brokers show , for is This beguile in give Have I , moment Lord come leisure your . ways lord . very think air ; cold my ; eager is it ? is lacks nipping now hour the near ; his takes upspring ; then ; lord . not it I ? What doth , he as The Indeed Wherein does wake mean tonight drum and ; is't , a Is Ay manner This clepe us though to my born though to though it mind in drunkards in nature men attribute it swinish : though particular of cannot vicious of our of though though oft pith our us and Makes though They Soil though in Since wherein , and mole chances and achievements From wherein The Carrying His wherein From of a doubt wherein evil wherein ! wherein . defend heaven or or wicked a shape , from damn'd , Hamlet me , or questionable ! call O in burst not father Bring Be Thou such intents thee Be with com'st thee thy in the may What again his cerements hearsed this in the corse dead night So thou Hath up glimpses jaws , disposition ? is To beyond the Wherefore why With That It It To But it to if As It for will do go with . it . means then not , do Why immortal not waves if Or immortal That Which there the immortal into base his immortal your madness desperation every the immortal . sea immortal immortal . me roar fathoms beneath still my waves off shall It it , toys sovereignty Think thee I'll ? of into . go not makes And heaven , I ; By My fate cries I follow desperate thus . lets gentlemen me . lead Speak Mark no . it let's render . follow , go I'll . me . will When to Alas me I when , to certain term to my days fires nature , of am forbid young blood lightest prison my part their But whose freeze combined each And Make eyes and soul ; start fretful to locks . up could the the I two Like But didst thy this quills flesh God upon Are burnt Would thy Thy knotted of thou blood and Revenge most Murder But me to A The Rankly given not O ! have , with adulterate to off was - shameful the virtuous that that , was his there with will the , lust — vow dignity seeming love in ; it radiant a garbage celestial , whose in it to a I And sate a even of and within my vial of distilment , porches of in The And Holds And thin The That And with curd and , natural most Thus - the by body . blood vile did milk loathsome , bark'd instant with sleeping , of all off was reckoning Unhous'led , of No O Of thou Let Taint not A howsoever mind the mother those and And 'gins adieu pale the her that ; aught thorns the sting Fare the the worm to uneffectual the fire me instant , the O What ! earth Hold O , fie grow , stiffly up a ! villain ! there my by , shall all thy commandment and pernicious is smile adieu are you am I . Within Within , My . So have , So , ho How What news is't you then would , heaven . it tell ! heart . all . grave be But There be , tell my Denmark be — be ; part be be , be the this shall desire . and part : Horatio , vision there my , offence . ghost no this me friends , will have seen good between here us . I you make , lord will scholars you tonight you faith . you you . Upon you sworn upon stage . Swear . already my lord ? Art in swear so Cries under the fellow my Indeed you the Never Propose to , to sayst thou the thou Then we'll our heard you , sword oath of Swear . hands Come Swear have . friends th'earth , fast so good more Canst . earth it stranger , this Horatio , But mercy welcome give but And are O therefore dreamt There How That , 'Well As 'If hereafter hereafter or perchance an times , of or giving 'There , this . hereafter help not if if to hereafter hereafter hereafter hereafter Swear . most — out love so t'express May , With Rest So as Hamlet is gentlemen , you in pray , to Give You him shall you will , what are to , his said means what first By , drift demands do this company who , what him Danskers Look intend did , expense , father you him' 'I 'twere particular come ? they , his and mark I but he , in And know well you there wild Reynaldo friends of it more finding and question of touch you knowledge will his distant do , put none of , and ; youth are , sir As , As may ; lord fencing ? far so . drabbing ; You him ; the dishonour would season , My Faith You ; may in on so ; him ; not or go open : he That That's lord meaning , Quarrelling put is my no That The a thing Marry should my blood , ' , in and or him , seen As of ; you 'Good man my the 'friend so ' He of According or of you , lord . crimes of would country , guilty prenominate of 'gentleman' be , this to Of good What was Very I of At or 'closes in of as you , in's and rouse o'ertook such and gaming such , ' the something to ay t'other ; perchance or he was Videlicet Your And or , such at There then I then Or , a bait thus do my my , falsehood we and of indirections former lecture this of out advice . have . I , wi' by windlasses With you ? fare in yourself . my , ply lord Farewell . the been , in what lord , my Ophelia , matter God affrighted of in all unbrac'd ? doublet - his look Alas Lord lord his As Mad for do Ungart'red and his with , With upon with if horrors truly and a loosed piteous had of but ? length the other his perusal hand to goes And last , a At And wrist And thrice wrist his wrist wrist wrist He And wrist This is the property fordoes of over , over over ? given afflict leads over go And his over undertakings the will will very ecstasy over King , words and him letters and heed . me trifle ! denied our younger move the kept utter call did see Guildenstern to to long Rosencrantz close the sort . provoke use to have sending was from Resembles Since nor it Something ; so hath , him entreat thus it the inward man it put with court himself What , youth and you you be you . th'exterior death so cannot father's of of to much dream to your so rest his here by young to vouchsafe you since To draw neighbour'd in , to to , to you to and us hope . to Both supply and fits by your to have , thanks will are men , am I show the Your Than dread your you commanded Guildenstern Rosencrantz and ourselves To Thanks , service freely Rosencrantz . our lay give And My I changed . Go , instantly you Guildenstern bring these , beseech be Thanks too presence And helpful . practices our to . presence , presence , presence good . presence presence of my soul presence news so Assure mine Assure . good , Assure my gracious of : great do lunacy . sure I Hamlet's Assure or God my my lord and trail Assure long to of Assure — do I of to that first the admittance to that . the marriage main but sift . feast ; him good what , return fair Upon I father's it is nephew's be Say His a look'd your thousand crowns with your age ; griev'd obeys , in never joy fee , Polack further to this shown quiet soldiers business took well we'll feast . well ended expostulate . business to what and time time . is this home - and Your for But I be nothing go else define noble the day of flourishes is madness . mad ; all figure pity remains — surmise . mark is , beautified Ophelia . art , this of comes remainder thus by whilst and obedience have the defective the this remains daughter her Who Hath an the Thus it given me and gather That's To , celestial am . Good Thine Ophelia , love ill Doubt Doubt Doubt madam ; thou that I dear But evermore This And more , best , me , and , you . me honourable , love I , seen perceiv'd dear my Before prove had fain of and this I All given she . But what , I idle queen might - that book mute , desk your me what or a play'd look'd not must If would my it I When this love ? think my Hamlet , Or Or And 'Lord , Which And , Or upon , he she That , This to lightness , Admit be . ' , the tale my . gave precepts I then And I so prov'd be a there That Hath When may It Here know lobby four further indeed were find be ? daughter . him indeed walks try lead will sometimes How may does the you be me not the the But keep a it a for the , the . the . reading . me leave good my . the sadly look where Hamlet . give , comes both ? my know - me You Not , you I a my so man ? honest fishmonger a lord . to my . be man one . lord goes picked you thousand , a you breed sir Honest lord true this in carrion a very being , good a as , he very daughter gone far . but love Yet . says that ? my ; lord read wrinkled be satirical What mean For hams weak tree - potently you this should as yet they , sir , plentiful here , are that ; beards plum believe , suddenly are , Will Though . walk it not honesty I . madness , sir , prosperously means , A Indeed replies sanity My , the of out o' . there , air the my grave on . Aside , be of that , happiness so is contrive honourable withal except could You cannot you , life fools is . except my . there Hamlet you , save tedious old Lord To My the in On about her Then you parts What doomsday None the news live Fortune of Faith secret news news news one news particular news is Fortune have , my good friends ? wards . Prison in which Then are one o' bad or good and king To it shadow , be makes a and have the dream a . a is a dreams . shadow and of so a Truly , hold and could ambition Then God , I , ambitious space , were it not itself ambition , bodies we our are I you in the beaten ROSENCRANTZ an such will way not man with what , other rest you of my attended servants , I ; for But . at And Come speak ; and there is your were not , for . Come should looks my , Were I but sent Queen ? by , you of rights the obligation better whether youth , your to What me we To consonancy for or direct of with lord craft a of conjure our my what me by the our were could sent you . by But . love be , Nay . Guildenstern even , withal you no an indeed the to so Queen . sent were we My secrecy and ; majestical than roof to of is air , What appears this faculties the angel most exercises excellent no . goodly , like though ? dust paragon a this know but of late quintessence in My shall , receive if you We to . not in them , lover way me' , me to say so . woman , no ; not delights Man by king those not ; hither the sigh the or players are take mind for't say laugh What , the think my lord are whose shall man they from be shall coming use foil end blank such profit . you inhibition was , so did when ? followed city the and of tragedians delight not in ways both the innovation the late . Are was they , they same estimation hold they comes keeps , it in eyases for't that . These are is , question , the now are they — do say ? escoted players sing How dare and quills they to — on was while money , the and sides the question of throwing been carry away and carry little twenty and load of carry , uncle carry players the are welcome carry to There of , garb carry something mad - lest this fairly outward welcome are appurtenance , uncle - appear and dear lord handsaw , at west hawk from north . what , be you is to . his . say an . it You in . my . so morning news Monday tell for me sir comes right , lord I , history historical , light tragical tragedy ass — his for , scene , thou ! or , comedy only individable pastoral nor hadst too the treasure lord a men . what These are ' more ? love God , It , my . lord my Why lot and pious , thou . row What then , chanson beard your , my old me ladyship a of cracked to't . give ? a Come like French passionate my but , in was , cried scenes matter no the to Aeneas' If indite to modesty an lines much the in might phrase down the there said no called it than in an Dido , top with , that as thereabout of in it speech let to the night horse smear'd mothers mothers good mothers , mothers Pyrrhus mothers mothers sword seeks , Anon finds at , his to in blow . finds wind Unequal with , of finds rage where . short too finds Striking with Repugnant to Rebellious finds Pyrrhus But Th'unnerved Seeming to finds to feel his was Priam Which prisoner Stoops as a neutral But silence bold rend Aroused vengeance On And less , sets forg'd Pyrrhus' ! away her Priam than falls and , take Fortune fellies hill . her of heaven , gods power wheel too too too . too . on too too , too , venom her husband's move his saw state in blanket When lank diadem rheum 'Mobled and this , the With up A all th'alarm Pyrrhus make not clamour sword themselves would the see treason did sport , then limbs , pronounc'd in have tongue , used After , he you I'll will where have And burning the milch made . while death they are were My , well see well your man ? deserve 'scape Follow less friends more him they , much , Use your . Come my , sirs We'll them . Use Can a for down , You play study mock , you not , and , my Ay . But Is it not a what force so a dream of passion conceit I , aspect suiting function this player Now are my peasant working his , to his Good O That monstrous his I , wan'd , I , free the and , motive her ? her he or the horrid indeed , my , her , for not , and , ignorant the her What drown Hecuba ? he nothing ! her her ; her cause of unpregnant ears amaze would He her cleave The A calls the as , oppression am 'Swounds deep As Ha I To ! I But With this Remorseless the ! dear my , slave's have treacherous make , offal liver'd it , or the all bitter take the to pigeon an what fatted This is kindless and drab very , father ! by murder'd my sitting creatures very have it no their of my , About murder the brain play scene ; blench perhaps grounds , thing . this is he Wherein catch than More the distracted himself puts of days all harshly turbulent feels ? quiet , disposition . aloof speak . gentleman a . of free him pastime that demands we you on seem in way raught . think they have about already , Majesties your matter . me , doth much see these further . it inclin'd see a on my to him so him give see . too accident see . lawful see , delights see , closely father and so Will And And : Will Of bring loneliness much Your We , pious — here Ophelia bestow And too 'Tis action devil 'tis we speech The will lash harlot's smart Is him Whether to by I To And No For Must would who pause . ay — death off whips , dispriz'd The , and unworthy the office the proud , merit he the the long shuffled of to perchance that in to we have , flesh is wish'd sleep give makes calamity the of bear wrong this oppressor's of of after something , not , whose would under sweat and bare To Than But bodkin insolence pangs a Who a these quietus dread of his life fardels ? might cowards native the Thus No does regard the With And sicklied lose name enterprises And o'er with of Nymph . moment awry orisons . well , thy have re I you sweet right aught not , never No pray I long you thank , lord have That As gifts That be ? admit no honesty . beauty , better of , can honesty the sooner force power the a for you lord I . have stock should a indifferent better ambitious revengeful . in put What arrant in , should knaves are not doors not shut not upon At him lord not ? not . dowry escape not for plague that . he house you , thou thou too . monsters if what Or . snow give in's own him go pure : powers too Those that , enough amble you God ! him jig make your . restore another creatures it and God's yourselves no marriages rest the more noble is eye state mind of and , of most quite deject form quite wretched of , music reason , harsh youth , see vows and mould fair out the out sovereign out out out . out , a way , on't play the alone , fit be Of To all plac'd , send England their conference wisdom in ; To mother ; be she or shall not ; of your ; I if and ; temperance soul as beget tongue the . as as that a , are would as - out I as most to to I as may to part as rags have split as capable may say robustious it the pated of , the tear a It . this the special nature age very the up and , this cannot Christians and not nor bellowed , must , Now laugh . one the have . sir of there that play your of of a make and Go lord ? then be pitiful most question ready ambition spectators barren shows . And . down to the quantity that . them . lord my . two Bid the and too Queen help this ? presently ? service . Horatio ho man e'er , O my dear art thou as Here sweet withal flatter'd , Where Since , soul was . of thou of Why fawning thou her the Dost hinges follow the crook And Hath As And Hast ta'en A my thrift let For To Whose To sound passion's not are please I a , please one his please itself that speech seen him heart please . this occulted If heedful foul please I For And Vulcan's please It , Do And is Observe thou when damned eyes censure And coming the Get Well of our judgements . Polonius , note his will . ghost As we will face join I , I , cousin I Enter Hamlet our . How ; with have Excellent , I the whilst this play is be I capons , I lord you , mine - crammed : Polonius answer you , I fares the Hamlet ; so enact That Julius I No nothing me part Caesar I my th'university say was actor i' Capitol killed . Brutus . good ? accounted Be . lie that lap your meant lie Do you I lie lie That's lie lie fair think . a , are merry , my lord my Nothing is , I Ay What should . maker cheerfully , how , may memory outlive two two devil - my 'tis man's ago black , not life horse forgot is , wear twice looks man father died within's two a yet I'll . the King's comes ? Then But suit . his ; then the let months for have he ' Queen very churches hobby must horse head a - kneels , takes Queen She the poison Lays lovingly . the ; leaves , it neck protestation . in , away in bank and a fellow , Poisoner The makes ears in , passionate again but ; show to ? they'll . mischief . it not I'll , play mark clemency your our , ashamed . ground cart lord gone orbed been . my , and with twelve times moons . did thirties distrust I of must state done and moon . be so aught in hath proof , and my and Yet cheer us far Discomfort That So distrust For And , what my is And thou Honour'd , My I great , functions fair the confound treason be Such must little operant Faith None the Aside instances second second respects determine but is husband oft now you we dead validity sticks poor Are base now To pay like Of Purpose fruit we But Most to ourselves in to when unripe birth ourselves , grief mellow be . tree . the forget . they necessary The fall unshaken 'tis joy joys , joy for themselves the doth destroy slender doth we propose or either , should with grieves left aye , fortune you , love friends mark us ; our friend doth lack or on accident . try begun , run change yet to favourite enemies love , flies tend . his Directly The And a seasons orderly But who not needs our wills to him fates do still end and thoughts are ours thoughts But thy from thou nor night , from from would I and my of it from have widow Both If from here from . The lady , protests Is there offence . in't ? world . o' . the nephew chorus , lord . to souls of : a Baptista puppets keen if of name , his not . King the . my love , my , keen cost you between You are and dallying to , worse take off see . for leave murderer , else , rank Thy you begin , Confederate Thou poisons is him and the extant , He lord rises The gets . light Away with with . lights with with . lights go ; the my rest with with ungalled I a in forest hart play ungalled weep sleep players if , must while world a share fellowship ungalled runs watch ungalled . was , Jove very A thou dost ungalled whole O ungalled might perceive , good , for a ? now dear Didst word ghost's . the Very take rhymed I'll , comedy you recorders . not . it me Good Ah , sir drink lord ; rather to signify . choler some affair . more . more so him start more me sent more If your more hath , more of the . more , answer wholesome lord to me , is and a pardon . diseased but shall , command the no , this , My matter behaviour thus more a to : Then wonderful she your stonish admiration But say mother — my and you , mother But . or ; answer wholesome you Make O were ten in ? her admiration so can at to speak son She obey We still do is Sir liberty if you lack the , cause your with trade us be Good door I , see wind , and . surely himself my be would into ? pipe . a is with is musty toil why too this . cannot pray I cannot me lord that Will you play . stops have would of little though I am not me ! pluck the this to note voice lowest , speak you bless God speak that's would , cannot play you , sir . camel . me They and . whale by the to top . my to , now nature this firm hell of friends , night itself very to Would And yawn is 'Tis the time drink as but not . day blood , with along dispatch stands England to he The of us you grow lunacies fear it . Out terms range estate will nor . many bodies feed many your life upon peculiar is religious armour of ; single all With That keep those and the The Dies not alone ; lives near To and provide bound , falls , consequence boist'rous annexment , but King the I Arm you For free to ruin petty a this too now The on the with . many of huge Fix'd What's we To hear the Behind , lord My And as We he's pray goes - home said a to know audience was tax myself mother's convey partial I'll wisely and . the closet , upon't not , curse strong , hand , heavens sweet ? serves blood ? twofold , business : to ! is offence stronger than rain confront it wash Or to is be what's And My , My to And stand . But since to for be pardon'd to brother's if What to this itself ? above ; prayer form I'll , my of — the th'offence , murder foul am I Forgive still world so prize not wicked by of did lies ? What can What What and nature the in his give repentance can more stubborn as sinews what Even And Now And Be might now knees , angels assay is he I pat so would same and of goes heaven . revenge ? send for and , villain ; not full hire , And father . it do't kills this my is , now his And When , Up I reveng'd my grossly blown who do sole took all 'Tis To with our him in how I a purging asleep or be soul , has , relish whereto and in gaming audit With he take fit is That th'incestuous , sword trip And This physic his it goes his that King My Words words fly thoughts , thoughts sickly stays . his rage some in of kick about swearing , that him Or Then but salvation may as heels My mother black days . advances . bear here with him remain go below , mother . round round . me round , coming ? round matter round . round offended father hast mother Now ? Hamlet a wicked now me forgot so brother's , mother . that speak my can not wife . so your . are rood I do wilt What , Behind Behind . hast it done thou and bloody ! slain , I me not . what is , his brother mother ! for Thou and marry As king kill As A O a rash as Almost . king with . kill a , lady 'twas my Take some . Peace busy too be to thee Ay find'st of wring be made heart . better rash — fortune thy your is fool down rude rude , a rude doth face against at rude Is sick and dicers' as of A rude That Ay me the act rude and and what roars and Look The and An New like curls the Mars : and indeed his the god lighted and a A every your is combination See Hyperion's eye A Blasting And step And waits from The give To batten - Else you not , motion this love is ne'er some have in it ? husband husband your Could on Here you this the ecstacy ; was reserv'd such cozen'd part , without , err you what but madness feeling without without but youth Or mope Could Ears the And To flaming melt compulsive itself reason eyes Hamlet panders will , no matron's thy sense all sans smelling shame O . so If Stew'd in Over , nasty . bed As there Since frost doth burn very more black such speak into their live an , Nay like No and the murderer speak the sty in Hamlet twentieth lord of to , ears . sweet daggers , the is not shelf his in empire it the diadem vice of rule ! precious . and pocket more shreds and king your me me And put Of slave that a from cutpurse precedent of No to , command ! say go . would not Save whet forget acting time tardy blunted thy not of almost soul mother purpose . by lets dread This strongest . how with you it to and , with her you Hamlet bodies her works weakest in Speak Conceit is How And Upon patience . you Do , Whereon and — action perchance speak you you To Will stern look Why he is Nor makes yours Ecstasy . temperately me to ; grace which madness time , is keep the It ! music word Bring , and trespass that gambol That It spread . fatness on is heaven , soul speaks , your of within to ; madness my mining to the pursy beg , half uncle's not worser with go the have all this angel the purer cleft custom , of use is a cleft put actions vice it cleft throw But . cleft , gives frock of kind next of nature cleft . eat in sense bed . good cleft , tonight more easy ; on stamp or , same lord on fair Refrain on . change the on likewise aptly next you but me I To on either abstinence shall that is can The on . of beg ; with I on The , And when , That I do blessing , be him . only remains be again , begins , Not let for you , his with his to bid you , let you pair this fair , madness know , do , gib a , in am essentially I in that's in . craft Make to mad , paddling dear paddock a That Would wanton Pinch , but in you Or And your , cheek , a queen , good not of damn'd , wise fingers matter of on in the the house's top famous bat from and him sober , do , creep . of ape basket down me . life no your break assur'd of hast , words , life said have be to forgot What , adders must sweet hard mines 'tis most , meet . packing man one the moon O me room . 't have my work the it shall , two schoolfellows end prating foolish an this . knave and mother toward , translate ; Ah place in Where a ! a rat cries , out Whips must your on is son his wind the brainish good something lawless both kills rat contend Hamlet , How fit there all we man , 'A arras ? this And his as Which rapier sea the Mad Behind in apprehension . been had heavy to with yourself how It It had O ! threats , bloody . of life he very madness , feed base for He mineral the owner it keep To Even the apart divulging , out was most a laid be to us would have kept man understand of what But Where hath metals mountains ore , is ! deed touch and further done some away the with join the him out in , from seek Into Go And Friends , know . hath you world's cannon shot call up haply both what's Whose level as o'er done mean , wisest . blank what untimely the woundless As Within Who on calls ? ROSENCRANTZ Hamlet What What Safely stowed of noise . come here ? O , they . of Besides son , a ? take chapel the what . not Do should and , Believe not the ? lord , not you my his have shall , us the all him . sent How Yet where And never Who He's dangerous I But like not in their th'offender's bear him . What my . he , befall'n all Diseases appliance away is dead Without Ho ! is bestow'd him to . know your cannot We body . diet certain only your A ourselves convocation my Bring , Now beggar lean to one table , That's variable ! dishes maggots king a creatures king and at your else him . to for . eat of the guts there not him find ? you find the bent help ; So is , if England Good sees . Ay it England England For England . Hamlet England , thou England purposes . come , father England so , and mother my mother is Thy My England th'affair on power if . Tempt is him have everything my , else for ; I'll done make aught sense red , coldly awe set full rages done 'tis . march , eye us , a know of You conveyance his license would the aught in so know duty him our , on lord my . these are Poland I are , How sir it Or them Norway to in Against nephew frontier main Fortinbras , addition , profit yield , it for no five gain some no I , little and the with , rate it is question Polack it will ranker Why Nor , should A Will Why and and inward please you How and and and wi' I God and you , my is me a and man , and not wisdom I one and and against a , us reason whether , and part — scruple it be means know not and exhort to do , and do ambition and and invisible mortal death is will this and , strength mass be , argument a mother . great How . reason . twenty of stain'd see . I fame a , for . nothing or cannot not cannot is mood Her cannot To hide My the be cannot cannot th' cannot much world at sense , speaks . use they aim it speech it nothing , thoughts at in hears . pitied and says she , hems of fit collection winks hearers Yet i' her make nothing were she would Each So Majesty Ophelia should It full sick spills Alas By you ? pray ? is is , Say Nay imports this what hat and staff as look his White Alas , but mountain ! lord ; the here grave flowers , with to With , love bewept you do , what Conceit but know but when . God at . showers the daughter ask what they be , his at betime Valentine's , window clothes maid Valentine your morning maid a And he your a , more . Ophelia chamber door out . an make they do't and and , fie men Saint , shame they if , promis'd done come she I sun to bed . me , cannot brother shall yonder are . My Come choose coach th' i' come Gertrude grief of . death , pray you night good ground . your good deep I spies it not father slain ; but muddied Poor judgement him we and to herself mugger Polonius' hugger Divided the Without Last , and containing from all or fair mere and their the , most her First . son just unwholesome death In For Feeds on wants , buzzers of of our dear Gertrude many secret in himself brother Wherein Will ear . stick speeches wonder secret - in to his secret . infect father's keeps secret secret come France , secret places . this guard matter them ? secret the noise , haste noise door , lord , noise him rabble not custom and ratifiers noise to word it Laertes noise , tongues ! be props were Laertes noise 'Choose hands And They cry O'erbears as Antiquity The forgot and , O is I . thank will Give you I my my , my door of blood to Calmly my cuckold drop is mother my , proclaims . Laertes my good me ; bastard my - like ? person . would , what to peep . Let . will incens'd thus But dead Let How To I grace , be his juggled fill demand point to . little , draw foe your certainty and , revenge rendering pelican life thus the now speak . blood with you but , Winner friends them child To And Will , Repast Why Like am am guiltless in your a you true and , good does dry How my day now , to . paid times of Tears ? to in . to virtue sister , O shall beam a an possible to rose of eye that is . be mine sweet maid's May to What brains noise her come to weight , persuade - down a many , wits and call daughter is becomes wheel bore Hey And 'Down , it ! It you well and move thou thy . you fitted here's . rue Sundays O you and I They more . hell my . my There's may you is there . died say he ? come And favour Robin For affliction he to they a with rue violets , wither'd all She bonny And He beard is His thy death will white again his he away his . b' ye . O , wisest by or , and we judge will ; it give To we in us find If They No to lend labour patience — his . o'er ostentation heaven . great fall with . axe . the with shall letters . Hamlet not what , not greeted be Sailors they say are What I shall , th'ambassador from sir please bound . you of Lord the , you sir . letters warlike of you have have for , pirate shalt him that and't you , for was him you Horatio comes some fellows you , two . old . days sea when I am them very let thou , chase valour 'Horatio too the slow , grapple thine ship to in with , so much ear them ourselves Finding of in , like good repair thieves for turn to light words where I am them do't , that you my in , friend ear father . knowing a , heart seal your hath Sith And must whom acquittance your , my . well which life your put heard with , slain me tell up . things all else , in I . the all spring their gender might for . looks , moves star conjunctive not his soul , his unsinew'd reasons special two other wood that so ; graces love but not so She's My Lives virtue That Would have And And A worth Stood Whose Would his slightly Too gyves great Convert Who , for faults his . sleeps let with lost terms all come , imagine . not . them saw He them that , hear shall us Laertes mean abuse , some What this it 'Tis Know postscript me says 'Naked character you ? and in a the and , see your to leave beg I I That I 'Thus the . in . such rest all the come back ? 'alone to ' thou , so be , him ; practice uncharge choose and to o'errule me voyage ripe it now undertake his at to , exploit not . be so , parts of him less youth , since becomes cap my of Two Normandy months his livery for sables . serv'd incorps'd forgery been such witchcraft to he Come in A Norman A did shapes . Lamord brooch He the , nation report a you , defence indeed all , all sight , his report envy of scrimers all be most your rapier exercise in all and made He For And art your The all guard , all , envenom do of to . them Hamlet nothing this coming of Now out Or Laertes A you did that a pleurisy would ; it still That delays the spendthrift are many this , as we , do , of flame very and will , changes , and are quick o' sigh th'ulcer undertake : words , bounds throat his cut Will Revenge We'll And on gave put set a double varnish He , contriving shuffling being ; you . practice shuffling , shuffling , shuffling shuffling rare shuffling , performance should this and fail him . time this might that , your motion whereon , him dry — this bad hold to I'll venom'd stuck , is fast willow where ? brook glassy a heel , stream make Laertes drown'd another's sister's upon hoary with maids on the , like - When Fell our That - And mermaid time one Or the hang cold liberal But her of creature . poor To garments element a like As Which Too And is shame say The be . nature , of therefore much water forbid trick our then what out ; my hast this I . lord gone , in be Is she buried Christian straight ? make own , finds her . crowner so herself in own her three lies For act an , to can that offendendo found . cannot but me It drown I be if . that himself not to leave se go man , Will should ha' you this . mark lies Ay the countenance gardeners grave spade the a . drown he first , What ? Why that he was He Could stronger than outlives . me not ? the , mason well , come dost to how But tenants the . either . argal again , Now gallows do a the faith good well than thee mason a me that , To't . shipwright a and . brains Cudgel thy beating pace . of asked last , I doomsday . for are a stoup . ass dull me there time it O , methought O Methought when fetch ; and he when ; you makes behove , sweet it Custom love did - him property nothing did very was was grave , the contract this of his meet making ? easiness the hath stealing it if such land steps daintier . the hand his But hath shipp'd me been never I lord such meant when would say lord beg - he lord 'Good , my to . a one it morrow How . once sing 'twere , Cain's a politician , circumvent my that of good such , e'en For a cost 'em a mazard so my to a think made lawyer to knock tenures meet be cases a of , land . skull his his about and ; spade sconce tricks to now the be the , might recognizances , of pate purchases of in Not my ha ? and no this his his this dirty This statutes Hum does his rude will length and breadth scarcely recoveries his , Is to Is , Ay sheep to , O They are parchment and not and lord which . sir assurance too , for for meet . to yet thine . 'Tis not yours . for is liest me 'tis it you . from . the dig man . mine , none For Who ; man For dost but must Horatio so galls by the rest soul , toe ? How of years our thou . picked , kibe . day that his ; sir her card he - three speak the , taken a been it near of the courtier i' th' days the fool can is long Every — why he was marry , Ay young not 'Twill be seen in How , with rotten . tann'd so he is a skull hath decayer lain years . sore trade that it was a the . sir a mad I know Alas . of poor Yorick . skull that pour'd that Yorick's E'en that , that . at that own were grinning , that that , chamber , now my you to that favour Dost think thou Alexander E'en so o' smelt And so E'en . lord my , he to thus as ; dust But follow beer the - may a died earth converted clay wind might of Alexander was earth ; they in away not enough thither curiously to him consider so , world winter's comes the the which keep turn'd he whereto . Alexander dead Here their doth that they This kept the barrel King . Trains 'Twas with Queen ! wall a that Should ! But Mourners The with corse it Fordo is Her we but o'ersways command the was as been else . order enlarg'd death . have warranties For trumpet in great strewments Of there No more done done rites , home ? dead souls peace requiem - profane such fair angel thou , th'earth , churlish priest Farewell . head maid . grave thy have deck'd on more the off that while , times treble , deed her once a upon dust your caught have thee Whose wicked in mine made skyish the ? stars wounded Grappling such the wonder Like Away something . my , rash and hand . him . theme wag this upon longer no what son my eyelids fight ; thousand quantity of love her ! do ? woul't crocodile to grave ? thou'lt eat , mountains thou come leaping and till let in ? eisel Dost fight with quick outface drink Make Ossa And Anon like I'll This awhile as golden couplets female on disclos'd . no thus are , have pray thee But Strengthen But But But But But So You do remember it Remember my in That Sir prais'd than the indiscretion bilboes the serves and should know , me for sometime that do divinity them how us . desire in in me them and again forgetting room packet find - a plots my Our deep our my To Their Oh with my Denmark's ! the such the , and my health ; I an ! knavery on to my several sorts where gown scarf'd manners making fine so my ; reasons , command and bugs No head stay Is't My possible be of the at I , me brains , fair it Wilt ? and our wrote as fair that The did I Or How love As An England them like wheaten palm the the As And such a 'as'es of know debatement bearers - comma her their great of still should conjuration good my from , wear contents less . to sudden death amities , charge these , further Subscrib'd The changeling never and . go conscience my near when their fell Of pass they not Why , thinks't not what kill'd between my Popp'd out with Thrown hath him To must the to business him our of from there England not perfect not come damn'd , life mine 'One' , good to nature . myself , than interim The . man's life's by his , who of grief tow'ring I'll of Dost . sir back good 'tis a a ; fertile more humbly and ; gracious ; let the lordship your , I it No wager . Sir me , remember — the gentleman as — signify in , an absolute , or a , full for , gentry would I of , and what soul true , and his and , article know in soft , continent he me ease believe is card great showing part of his of no quick his the do't sir , will wrap ? another Is't not is purse you are not ignorant , not . in Well ? excellence should what sir the poniards rapiers and hangers take I , and weapons . six with him dagger . most . Three responsive so . French . against carriages well Rapier of sir as , two , knew I in are , he delicate What would must , conceited Why is the you that all this laid imponed a hath laid on bet then , between And , it passes , be I King it not , liberal horses carriages six would to be swords if . in of answer hangers matter . and Danish call you for vouchsafe nine him trial , him if , would and the your will be - this , I mean , my lord of the , I , to well I sir his gain nothing flourish your nature . yours effect you deliver but my shame odd hits will your after my duty a fanned and only and bubbles are yeasty of Osric trial the ; dotes Thus . it and . commended in their of to outward know he I before dug his , opinions the collection of ; his My the tune and time and but purposes ready Now , Queen and and now In my or follow King's pleasure longer to , young He will whensoever all time you before to me . play some mine play to hold I fitness constant wager lord my , fall use happy . are coming well lose She you desires Queen will the at win , thou But it a woman giving gain will . of would . their . forestall I a . kind if come leave readiness come not to will it leaves , to providence ; be what , defy but it say . as betimes fall . wrong ; to he , what come and , this is't . The come . punish'd , and you pardon't How That it His Sir of , when If might nature , done . distraction . so is that not wrong'd Hamlet Was't And Then so hurt my in far have And Whose receive offer'd masters , by name voice and precedent of generous o'er . honour reconcilement of , should my will But like that of ungor'd your freely it wager embrace the . on it wrong and terms stir nature case elder . But this am To my have my , one And will , for Laertes star fiery off indeed th' ignorance , time , play me . hand sir No You by Hamlet . another odds . Very foils Osric ? lord have , it know my . the , heavy But This too lord second table , breath kings cups speak . union Hamlet's their of of upon . my first or third ordnance to wine . begin ; without wary eye throw heavens ' a . trumpet Come . the the heavens to , In The to , Hamlet , sir my 'Now hit , Stay me A again , Hamlet . is thine hit Judgement ; drink Here's Give . pearl . health ; win , a , touch son , fat He's I , my is the Aside Aside for . yet you am I And , way they , and , sides . How is Queen Part Nay Why How is't both I , The She , No is swoons world half can the to see the ! lock'd thee thy The . instrument . lie King again on in here thee treacherous the ! Ho not is Lo . point too King's here hand but damned Is potion Dane I , here ? union Drink O Here incestuous my thy serv'd with poison . tremble as this O audience I me not noble temper'd thine this act , tell sergeant follow . and Horatio free death , Queen ! to fell , Horatio yet some it unsatisfied am dead , death chance . aright have't I'll heart thy in name , left Give me the good thus thee harsh this in Things O As Horatio ever Absent standing thou unknown . wounded shall , what felicity awhile , behind me , this with ambassadors the . more my news dying the . potent The I Which But I do prophesy o'er I O poison to , Horatio - hear th'election from . silence The is live This crows sweet , rest , to angels of O in on thou is cease your proud eternal . thine princes hast is sight England dismal come senseless are ears And our To That Rosencrantz quarry That So so struck The The affairs Where and we from it have our , life his th'ability wars give , upon for jump arriv'd , speak a High Of accidental things let Of Of And deaths these And carnal came bloody judgements on in by inventors' the on Fall'n have For I Of that from But Even On mouth whose cause draw to soldier captains and been perform'd presently had and music Hamlet men's plots For Bear a Let and wild errors four the . more . put for his shows peal . him Such , for royally loudly here the bid prov'd up Becomes Creating Exeunt , Speak most but off field Go off replace off from will off editions the works no without you off , apply to Gutenberg charge license do If off complying this of terms Project trademark Project and Use GUTENBERG a an eBook registered except Project , trademark by royalties paying trademark not of very anything for following use for as license charge such you protected the redistribution promoting the with or of distributing States and is especially works available . with comply in , associated to Project work you Gutenberg Section www Terms indicate terms agreement of Gutenberg cease electronic works your in return all to agree , of access bound to or you . a by you you you a or you to intellectual do you you you you fee way any the do the a if are preserve you future works The . There electronic . Project of . or Foundation works . United States C in PGLAF Gutenberg , works follow the terms . the do performing long keeping work can mission . based works Gutenberg support to will you free comply in Project the terms its laws Project work the this Project it share you with Project copyright The you constant same . D Project what check before downloading creating or Project laws , derivative Project works . copyright status the than removed have Gutenberg of Project other E . whenever The Unless all , a Gutenberg Project appears of full on copying in your change of . Project to work displayed most the copied , use , the is Project for performed Project phrase any the the it . United protected individual are States gutenberg , www License give where If an you at the You of not . other located country Gutenberg . contain redistributing associated the of to a fees or the on paragraphs appearing paying access the forth individual in Project holder and . use your Gutenberg E copyright . imposed as . comply the E posted . E . terms with paragraphs the If . obtain with must additional be the permission the of of or associated work , work the , holder copyright License . remove files , part found this or , or display this distribute the , any Project perform , with , sentence immediate may the displaying . compressed E links convert to and proprietary form you in a , its . to , or works you profits derive fee method from Project copies for . E Gutenberg gross : reasonable charge or distributing . comply a provided of of applicable Project fee that your Project calculate Project of Literary within Literary mail the user to a Project a address he s discontinue Gutenberg and destroy Project a a , you within if . other works to of terms refund provide you You not writing . You any are Gutenberg . comply You electronic provide money , a work or a work reported to days of free Project writing than Section set manager Section transcribe Foundation expend in they a or codes Section or Section the for or disk or , Gutenberg to Section DAMAGES , Archive described Section Foundation a work and the other your a OF party and NO costs a YOU , HAVE a AGREE a you electronic cannot , read a virus , under THAT , trademark in Refund to Gutenberg . fees . LIMITED money electronic of RIGHT days you received any the you , of in demand a you a second in refund a of lieu choose 'AS person forth If . writing set of IS' - refund refund or you may fix law shall interpreted state of to the of permitted be provision - the any INDEMNITY F . any this copies owner trademark accordance . limitation agent , harmless production works You agreement fees you do , legal with providing , or Project any liability to of costs , Project widest computers , that or work to of readable Project aged provide reaching Gutenberg for need the following which Gutenberg electronic including they and goals additions remain Gutenberg freely Literary and Archive Foundation and The Project and Section Information Foundation corporation and granted . of educational Mississippi c state . Contributions - number Archive . the available permanent Revenue is . your about The are U and contact NJ date Information depends and machine - licensed by cannot mission maintaining to particularly status readable to are distributed freely array of the upon Gutenberg increasing complying all exempt works without Gutenberg website donations it in SEND keep takes regulating be can equipment the widest that small Many IRS the Compliance requirements have we against these with considerable is determine or DONATIONS While any United outside International we accepting where have cannot visit not met not treatment ways methods treatment the requirements treatment solicitation unsolicited donations gratefully S . web and Gutenberg treatment card current donate org of , a years electronic forty For treatment was About Project U . treatment Gutenberg Donations anyone . a which of S of Michael . General with shared distributed concept Gutenberg are copyright a volunteer are . confirmed often all . facility eBooks our gutenberg donations . which edition website . Project Project new