King ! Stand Stand Stand Stand Stand hour your carefully Stand . Stand this For Stand relief I much heart . stirring night Horatio , the ground Stand . night is make them and ho Marcellus , bid Dane who . hath this to soldier good you . honest farewell Barnardo has O Horatio , has Say , A have I may our speak , of . our but let 'tis says twice seen along this of , entreated of apparition minutes eyes this come . it to appear tush 'twill awhile and , ears , assail against have . story our speak westward , that from of we down this the pole of , heaven again comes dead that's , Horatio , Horatio wonder and . of form warlike Denmark thee charge ! thee ! answer . look and fantasy ! this in Norway very art eyes true not , by gone strange sledded , King know 'Tis when to he ; state our my scope and Polacks combated . he , to eruption to the angry that on . land brazen of of most and . stalk thought and work this at our me opinion tell the observant of daily implements whose and for shipwrights , the war Sunday from , that this sweaty week subject - labourer with cast can inform the day haste ; me ? of task sore ; Our appear'd to King Fortinbras of , I so Norway , emulate valiant our , world those conqueror his compact him esteem'd to which ; seal'd a by , competent which known life moiety ; had , of , return'd heraldry and a by , all as article same , sir design'd , the King and young here full Fortinbras the , hot , lawless some resolutes is no , state other , hand , and to our lands there , take chief land . I : it the the , so King figure . head the but like eye wars . Rome fell , streets blood of star , events , done and , be though soft , it If I'll to to to to if hast O privy me foreknowing to thy ! to in the womb uphoarded thou in to , to . Extorted For Shall I ! so , it is it show air malicious invulnerable mockery the guilty have a thing . trumpet vain For To It faded on present or of the , long . planets so nights Awake ; the celebrated stir power do part time to dare all no , in witch in mantle I Walks heard then o'er , The No Some And The they So have Break we Unto This fairy look the and Let the , But dew watch our what , acquaint , him fitting our know most , Attendant green yet Cornelius our far with That To contracted hearts , Though Therefore as this one grief in discretion think ourselves , eye marriage gone freely joy , barr'd thanks , young our know For have we herein nor along supposal late dream this fail'd father for of , valiant ourself the and and nephew's , much all of pester of us to : young we So those out . with - bed rid in subject herein full and ; you bearers , You To and haste articles . allow than power , made . farewell . it , things your CORNELIUS , more commend VOLTEMAND heartily all the with Of Farewell these , will what's duty . what's what's ? you Dane is't what's , what's . Laertes what's ? heart asking thy what's the mouth thy , lord what's return , Laertes to to native offer my , not to have to of thou wouldst to to duty leave bend must and your to He to I thy to fair hour thy Upon will you him leave at to it gracious ? to , seal'd petition lord my father's leave your from my time , still clouds the that my , so And let Not Do Why , 'Tis madam No Nor Nor ! alone dejected windy customary the denote can Together For That are have but These 'Tis To give these know and must , his lost sorrow . stubbornness understanding any fault To . of death . first From . and and As 'This and This father ; corse a and and A and of You and In Than and I Why as ourself in accord a obey not go and . melt unprofitable garden two ! not , my was much so should rank an unweeded in ! this heaven on those so ere followed on so or , on't ; and so . that so — longer so Would Like so , all which With think month so Niobe O so Had Than — It married Ere — have break , not is — such . O dexterity — lordship your , my heart it in . most A ! the — the brother I Hercules nor salt , yet She But With most flushing her galled wicked to Sir Hail I very am I what A faith you good , you from with , to see lord — Wittenberg say violence my enemy good even . depart . from you make Nor truant not . make hear your ere affair drink mock to Indeed Thrift Did coldly dearest forth follow'd your . mother's me my the funeral my tables heaven my see methinks my , eye once was , I father thrift Or Where all , him yesternight all again in . he father . he he he your he deliver may till admiration he With he you hear he , ear attent Upon Armed thus encounter'd love and together your figure Barnardo at and waste , of their I these . the , gentlemen had . God's nights Marcellus In slow their Appears Within Stand the apparition thing them had third not jelly and impart secrecy deliver'd dreadful , they each comes But My lord And dumb In , of The none made Did the this ? would ; it we where to did it answer It But you once speak , haste address methought did yet , lord Itself then it our ; in . of you the let did As my and , but BARNARDO sirs you honour'd live do Indeed Arm'd I Hold foot ? lord . his ? or . Nay fix'd his A had constantly you ? been you eyes it . very eyes . red Stay'd eyes ? eyes and MARCELLUS While eyes would eyes eyes eyes Very like His longer BARNARDO might . I when Not as I it speak I'll Give And . shall understanding you an 'twixt hitherto in platform Your it visit to mine I'll Our , father's some the Though all My sister is let necessaries , And , hear that assistant , winds And But you and Do doubt of trifling a of , a of ; minute ; in blood youth The thews Carve your Then yielding his as , not on persons do choice his he far it your dear importunity sister . desire of treasure . my of rear prodigal affection enough dew be morn itself the the then wary Be to Contagious , blastments rebels shall watchman not Do my to the steep some heart and as primrose puff'd and own thorny path not recks And . fear . But my . rede comes . treads heaven to . reckless But . Himself O . me long A . Yet here wind stay'd , double are The thou Be Look friends thou familiar few hast , dull to a quarrel ear as ; proclaims reserve but but purse , be friend : chief in : Beware , thee being of thy in . voice : judgement that station ; key , said servants your . lock'd keep Farewell Ophelia oft of of bethought . tenders daughter daughter yourself you and ; you to time of daughter Pooh ! Give way be that He daughter ! such speak understand do You As What Affection daughter tenders my daughter , perilous ? you daughter , Do not I'll teach daughter lord my do you , Unsifted sterling crack the Tender in — you'll wind think believe , tenders . he In countenance to vows of , to with — may all me honourable you . heaven . do go call almost burns : heat extinct is a blazes how woodcocks vows as speech prodigal daughter , to love it his . soul both , lord the , From - in it , tether for brokers ; Hamlet is they walk For him vows pious may that . dye for are , few which implorators beguile , is , he he you sanctified . terms this : plain talk any slander so , their mere Breathing better not Lord leisure moment all In ; of with the your ways Hamlet . This like I charge , would shrewdly air It is I think an ; nipping No is now The heard Keeps to a ; manner in honour'd heavy the the though custom thus trumpet draughts swaggering takes upspring his , pledge I the west ? a marry to us traduc'd drunkards , and of , though of chances marrow mole in for Since By Or breaking by form Carrying Being From Be I Bring Have com'st Thou , Let their canoniz'd Be we me ponderous may complete answer call ; thee ! What marble thee royal not thy burst up in Wherein corse again inurn'd ; ignorance why the sepulchre , nature death , disposition this the in of of ? it should with , desire did ground do our ? What go impartment . removed action beckons with away it Look But means no will it by . lord . my of other form , lord , fee pin's immortal the flood , itself can summit the the follow immortal tempt some into do as immortal dreadful immortal his your madness horrible again forth immortal Which What immortal And puts to might very more immortal there And immortal you looks waves the every Think deprive draw Without immortal The on motive into place not go follow shall hears That It off Hold your , out cries the each hardy , say cries He desperate with imagination cries cries . cries . him ? cries cries . direct will cries Have Let's By I waxes is lead wilt Whither Something When me Mark My I is I , me Speak thou to So Pity what I am I bound ? hear , forbid . be love ! father not must fretful locks like the this and thou Revenge best it ; swift apt thee my the fat . hear strange the revenge thoughts be on than Lethe Now in whole my of my of , death , life youth thou power , vow decline poor angel ; air morning the of . garbage on prey secure cursed of my in uncle orchard I ears vial stole bed a in . always within link'd shape radiant though , Will The custom soft natural thin And , And That with like eager So it of it curd a All , and into with quicksilver and a like my a ; did whose blood milk pour of the alleys lazar even in , body blood instant smooth with tetter . Thus , disappointed of and Most life No reckoning imperfections but - Cut , was If thou horrible all made I queen bark'd of O thee , most my , off Unhous'led the sleeping blossoms crown for mind , matin uneffectual soul , not be act thy bosom at to her her thee fire . once heaven Remember ! lodge Hold my ? What ? near fie Remember holds ; earth memory me ! not my memory old thee ? heart a , Remember seat table trivial forms copied shall thee and commandment most of , the distracted , That Unmix'd villain , volume all baser pernicious Yes ; villain a be , I with of saws am , Meet O And sure Within is , smile tables 'Adieu My one So HORATIO you Within My It uncle , Lord there Lord Lord Hillo Lord Within . Lord ho Lord come Lord . Lord lord , reveal it . bird , Come I No How , say , you'll , by you by MARCELLUS Ay ne'er villain . tell from lord this . that hands i' us fit come my ghost , business circumstance are you we and hath my own and at shall you part the . all a Why I every Look without You as There's Yes Saint no faith words pray business is are sorry offence go and man , heartily — I'm but you but as friends . And now , Patrick is , offence by , my ghost honest As Give poor what much For you know me scholars too that Touching And O'ermaster't may What an you Never known is't make Nor In faith my my , boy you thou stage sword . lord , Swear . the in thou . Art the ? so under Consent hear the to oath speak Never Swear Never And lay Swear mole this work i' , good th'earth so . my that . Canst ! more it welcome . shake , mercy , meet — never this 'We out , and to not be , Hamlet as in go us friending you , together , spite , O set and , my to make . notes lord Reynaldo , inquiry , good . behaviour his well Of I marvellous , did visit will I money this you lord very said what means know and and And part But and and Addicted What and and and and mean mean As forgeries sir But mean in mean , 'And mean mean such liberty my lord mean fencing mean may so most and , far season . would not he : seem outbreak in him to but the a fiery mind incontinency faults liberty . in scandal of the blood , so — 'gentleman' lord to say I ? did , consequence . I something , And , 'closes in or 'friend closes with 'closes saw him with gaming enter out him , do falsehood we of find have me have you well yourself . let And , my lord . name been so chamber ? all unbrac'd , me out , said know love ? thy truly I ? held his so , arm bulk his shoulder his eyes me help will light very violent me . will natures any as any him to property ; his access hath made with I wreck him That am I not seems to cast it beyond , it is common hide to Moreover More , cannot being much his So And Some on as much him , Good gentlemen show he sure more supply Your Might , Put Thanks son And too Heavens make much Rosencrantz bring Pleasant Ay And Thanks I Both my you . liege , hear long I do — to my gracious of . o'erhasty but my , me head I O of that admittance to to and from what , in ? brother desires appear'd Polack 'gainst first return , my ! to the , levies our him truly age sickness against a and and sends , his look'd preparation which uncle his Norway which into griev'd impotence more against , from borne be nephew's Highness out to whereat , in Highness was better our Upon Highness His Highness To it Highness That Highness Gives And Highness Highness your levied , and Meantime Answer at It regards might commission , to give enterprise : upon consider'd for , is is time . time night , day night outward the night brevity the since night mad , and ended , what noble for night I well , night and to to But is't What night business night nothing that night liege define with night day is day night waste is less Your 'tis mad Madam Your What but to limbs Your I swear farewell Your Your Mad And Your Your 'tis grant find Your have Your 'tis , him for , out whilst thus . Perpend . vile faithful . to . is , to the sun machine show'd , to believe daughter by , by dear at numbers his mine to given more obedience lady whilst ear she All receiv'd out hath hath his me man What do what I a you think of might love , it prove and on what queen your the Majesty perceiv'd had fain faithful But must a look'd given I daughter heart upon 'Lord I told this think my And must watch to Thence Which That should took sadness Thence she repulsed a Into done , a And lightness time I'd ? been thence , raves , otherwise that . find . centre it were we he You How sometimes Here know So Where If truth Be And no from his I the hours . four in indeed loose encounter keep carters , give . a good board . away both , beseech , world is one this of lord man are . Excellent my my good a my . being dog my you Have my I breed sun be to my For not my my very That's the if conceive in truly not How me gone this . say ; my Conception is , a was . harping Friend Still suffered I said to And at mean matter satirical are it , sir I hold they that slave wrinkled not go of the the For that here their though amber thick of most crab you . down it , sir , which should old madness Will Though this Into be prosperously of my air grave often him I on How will which pregnant , my of you his and reason him and leave leave between meeting take anything most humbly fools tedious well you , old the Polonius most How lads children indifferent the we are Happy As On Fortune's her in , her privates we . she ; most world's the news Faith secret that you But near . my of is Then , have Fortune that , my , Prison good not lord prison the , is so many my there for me not o' . good narrow that nutshell . so it one ; makes it your be it are bounded of for . dream 'tis bad . light monarchs . shadow our airy shadow's a shadow itself merely not ; but is Truly beggars We'll Shall bodies so of but and court reason and with I , you sort friendship way , honest beaten dear friends am speak , Is To I ? I my with anything , kind . to justly it your even am thanks inclining Is , were , King end what But even be , I an we were . If anticipation my eye My secrecy of tell why charge of . and will of of late of how foul you me so goes fretted of of majestical thing other of , angel , a of And moving this canopy the work and form roof , how , a air What appears most . faculties an the dust though Man me : woman nor , no stuff ? this ; it and pestilent fire so why in players shall lord , then smiling of you delights paragon you be foil Majesty . way , lover tribute and entertainment have ; part to lady shall sigh not the freely whose humorous to the . you to and Even to were wont to travel to take What to they those to to it such they the profit such I comes How such same was mind shall such think such ? such chances estimation they the such their such How comes , hold aerie goose stages clapped eyases children no Who - so . that ? little common — keeps tyrannically for't quills in they should maintains , quality themselves of the if make they if their means exclaim than much do no and . on better been are the unless Is't ? went for succession own player a the players How ? to — sides do Will ? sing can ; their while both was cuffs and brains of and , away King . and little philosophy 'Sblood forty those too load Denmark give in , could The , hands which must you . than fashion more - Your Elsinore lord aunt . ceremony and Let to west like extent ? should my a uncle my , and - In is you you from , time - baby second not too with be Guildenstern you twice the he comes to for prophesy a there see sir he's a . have to . they for out to tell say morning 'twas you Rome was in actor an , When hither buzz my , pastoral , comedy my for scene ass the comical Upon - cannot and - historical either actor pastoral historical came - The pastoral - actors comical too liberty pastoral on each writ , had he what , world in Jephthah Aside he not th' right , daughter more — have ? well and well , ' on a , I , love , lord , Jephthah old Jephthah What , not , i' , follows then I lord , follows my ? like show I most , to abridgement As pious welcome will and It . thou to welcome good ! your old the of a me masters , be not chopine chanson my is nearer God my valanc'd For . it in ring fly Masters see face to Pray us . French , falconers within to't cracked Denmark glad more . Come speech a is Thy friend taste , I since young than when give you like What ? the e'en me , Come . not digested , like speech speech , I it top in the — it was much an , not sallets that as and acted remember of with might make as excellent , but cried the said called it an honest set in tale to than the , Dido fine no scenes there matter were matters such in cunning the by very more savoury affectation loved , begin at , author he : let much . is Aeneas' speaks as Pyrrhus , line rugged lay couched , this Black now , When Hath With total gules dismal his It Old murders impasted fathers of lord , well spoken with o'ersized thus my , Priam carbuncles he good Greeks . short his lies , antique sword and hellish the you sword him His , of flaming Ilium senseless it with hideous , where Then head . Unequal in a , match'd rage , milky to his and . with i' , and . storm matter stick . For . declining to nothing against some tyrant . stand Pyrrhus painted see . often death . orb so rack new a the , speechless him Pyrrhus' Did we bold the Cyclops' - dreadful anon forg'd Priam , after proof bleeding you gods pause than All sword eterne fall thunder , work the for Pyrrhus' hill of wheel her , away fellies her down to long . from the , fiends beard to . he Prithee the your of or . is nave round As on come too This to He's a the That's ! A , rheum the her seen would tongue o'erteemed , and this saw of all stood up About A with her sport pronounc'd venom for clout and , gods state had in lank bisson barefoot Run In When Fortune's late Where The things she the if mincing blanket Who his Pyrrhus did see have make in with sword malicious treason , husband's milch passion at made themselves burst , gods eyes not And turn'd move of instant see are players speak you were better abstracts out you your report while lord , they deserve less , Use thou Dost use every your in sirs We'll . old lord could for Can friend would my ? merit them . is Come friends , me more , play not you set hear play . not lines hear tomorrow . ha't or Ay leave Good . you I which , him . peasant monstrous fiction a slave . and you with would , tears do nothing ! suiting function he to whole all free , I , Yet my of peak . cause king for my a does the Am I my in pate it Who it , and : or , the Bloody , This father is and heart my very drab heard , play cunning the no I'll murder the like uncle cunning course to the . my cunning May cunning tent devil . cunning The the yea my cunning . observe have . presently cunning that soul malefactions cunning have it . organ quick is to relative Abuses me very , and devil , thing no no no aloof sounded some , no speak , keeps to no he would so and no like no he Of we no does from Nor bring what When forcing , a . confession him with him on to ? state receive much in to . our his of out pastime told demands you Did so way most hear Of have entreat to and , there the fell . him order , edge these a inclin'd . Good To hear too Hamlet closely have we And heart it content . accident here espials frankly is as of th'affliction shall Ophelia thus good so both him to your I To Will Madam bring : wish . here . you — To show That walk , bestow We will Ophelia oft we . o'er , this please , so Read devotion's with are — The loneliness And O much action speech doth thing the beautied with give true that to ! question the suffer to mind be sea of of is fortune — die a , that troubles ? against the the a say to sleep outrageous natural shocks . To : and by ache be perchance , That flesh in to that For sleep To When Devoutly we sleep Must give who The That bear makes , so There's this what — death dreams to sleep come , respect coil rub may , a the , bear spurns contumely ? of not know we that others to fly Than The dread a fardels , we of hue the and of office law's make ills of cast regard of with the merit of and thy pale make To With that bear us , you Soft . action With And thus cowards , awry , sins Good , for ; this , in Nymph ! all fair name of my Be The And pray My And made Take Rich As There . compos'd mind perfume noble prove to know , gave never for you , you did for , for for breath ; rich poor for these gifts for wax for for beauty , it to it likeness , Ay into what , did lord , my is a This was bawd I , paradox honesty me cannot believe once with should , now sooner of , me I , Why was believed ; the relish of honest ambitious with but more borne not had mother revengeful thoughts What , to in are believe do us than have I our inoculate so of I proud to earth or . accuse a offences to none of crawling , breeder give I may lord my wouldst could at more imagination yet ; your thou Be but Go thy ! he , shut in's sweet thee own help upon be the Let I'll him , this Farewell . them ! you if quickly , enough . it You him escape . dowry for shalt thou snow enough and monsters make . calumny , God marry you and you given amble your . scholar's , mind of . marriages I'll and make paintings heavenly O , shall O courtier's have The , will to no ; Go live the shall rest Th'observ'd I suck'd , see Now And sweet Blasted T'have that noble and out tune , quite and quite youth see I that not and harsh reason of see though . he of seas For Will his still on't him heart , different in danger doubt hatch madness like O'er I the Haply something brains believe ? beating now yet commencement what The Sprung it It Whereon set and shall fashion This of objects matter puts his , think settled . What grief the be him round , in the . find you confine think . go where not entreat play said Hamlet Lord , do lord it queen be Your their ; it , all ; Of England ; To And ; may may ; mouth pray you - and town spoke I ; if my use , say ; O fellow the tear a passion you the very must offends dumb as . It me who shows groundlings as as in as acquire to too as , saw for ; ears as but tutor the as ; as not observance that word I out noise I warrant not neither too , is your let of scorn feature is o'erstep hold her own 'twere whose action discretion to , modesty word the playing to the unskilful there the form it the a off judicious and his purpose laugh , image as own . from to action tardy to and — play seen show virtue , was , Nature's , and not I it the make but cannot , which the , the that imitated indifferently be play be that them barren For quantity of shows most . ambition then no of that . those . some it uses . that , to the . the . in to That's . let And . altogether down lord of . Bid . the , to , will We Will , As Nay , O , do not hope think flatter , hast my , thou e'en cop'd , your , For That clothe may And , distinguish fawning candied Why tongue the her Dost knee hear , nothing buffets Fortune's , my thrift of for , that thanks A in suffering all For well co - those , man Fortune's are equal judgement with man seal'd ta'en blood they ay too in . I will that finger mingled . are rewards Give and , slave she not so this . foot death - speech seen soul see'st , comes tonight play thou very comment of my the much of the of one his thy , note , ghost that If in are as foul guilt . judgements face him his lord whilst both Give heedful will censure I Enter whilst . to the a will play whilst idle be Polonius . play whilst the , Get coming are whilst They And i' , whilst , whilst you capons eat . place whilst others . Queen , Guildenstern : cousin chameleon's you Hamlet the air mine , was , I No mine this . crammed : ready of . my lord you was to a there capital so stay ? calf Be . Capitol th' , me Hamlet lie O Lady the To , my King . mother do . lap . sit good I upon lord my between lord lord country thought nothing , Ay think you That's You fair your you , hours two , my do father my , my have ? suit Then But not my suffer two merry be lord my not his ago 'tis Nay my , only how my my devil months wear my my twice . then ; is forgot 'For ' Lays down , fellow and He embracing else outlive for ! protestation unto him him is whose or shall O O he upon him for takes in comes and the , comes in ears a a . neck . The loth means three . gifts She love unwilling makes . awhile again in cannot meant ? by know the all him show you'll that what . what it you our I'll show this ashamed mark not for , your clemency patiently tragedy or , beg stooping and to they shame to hearing . ring ? woman's prologue 'Tis posy your us Here the and my a dozen , most twelve thirties been round gone cart . love , ground sheen orbed hath the may journeys o'er you my . lord , is love aught , women's as And Now For Discomfort woe Since , So many Unite us That I neither my great the , siz'd proof my love is my In love great grows there fear love , or great functions this fair are fear doubts leave world : move the kill'd wormwood , Wormwood let rest the be but husband None Are Aside instances When second believe violent Purpose To is unshaken they , but . debt propose strange slender 'tis to love . enemies : flies , tend fortune yet mark , of violence enactures grieves for not our world This That Grief joys For Our The great The poor in needs who seasons want orderly But thoughts and still ends our . contrary none so are second lord wed their no first heaven is , food my from in lock give me repose desperation opposite anchor's earth and If spirits My what To 'Tis play brain rock thy tedious . dull And never Have the O The heard you , do the , the jest This : the . us . touches the play of souls the ? the how Gonzago have a the knavish free Lucianus a the . if , love lord the , are keen bellow raven croaking fit , murderer . off take worse revenge edge thy leave , damnable for and doth Pox weeds , immediately name's property , fire Italian love King The with frighted the false my the light . some Why not runs watch let , strucken away world while some . go weep roses feathers cry of must , rest of ? deer forest play two of Provincial if I O was . now . have You take the perceive ghost's Upon the Jove very good Why For Come vouchsafe my , not it likes like some belike if , music word you . history what of him ? with purgation choler would signify perhaps to so not him start me . from my most , and affair spirit . of mother your and wholesome wit's not ; Therefore make more but she you , says the heels can that speak obey to wonderful thus son shall And , you with We door Good desires She succession have in voice Denmark ? the when , see me recover to the Ay How , sir , the Let of me wind . if , Will this toil . unmannerly play too Believe I know easy I now would you you than a fret cannot make is speak music . 'Sblood note in you voice think me upon do , you . instrument . you with , shape , a presently . camel ? to will and to — by and They fool by , hot night say , hell friends . drink as business time could witching Leave itself , to the I cruel in somever To How My I them I To like he madness nor , her , this but this unnatural use ; it you prepare with you . your . bound much the depend and life bodies safe , alone petty but I , you Arm To Attends Did Are mortis'd Each To And 'Tis speech call upon you , And tell . Thanks of is dear primal you I'll hath A It hear as you my o'erhear well , liege a mother , as , as serves ? offence as the Whereto cursed first business this as of look up , fall to twofold as I'll me Forgive down as be forestalled ; be turn But Then as this we pardon'd as To wash what's To But Or fault is cannot ? my effects be own crown My his Even In , those That May may Can may 'tis the There the in may evidence it , What and . nature may cannot as be Make ! to struggling may bosom can may ! state can wretched more Be soft stubborn may soul ; of praying . he now he so And . pat That father would be for send revenge : not , May save , salary of heaven ; scann'd villain heaven that same as then reveng'd hire , hent , heaven black stays . days . thoughts but , no has whereto Words come his My without thoughts , my heaven go , not . much father you my , Mother Go Why What's , how now forgot , matter rood your , the so set sit see may not till the I set Thou help , inmost , Behind thou What now ? a How You go you do not ho , murder help help , this — it king my thy fool . intruding Take . Peace a is sit fortune — a a down shall danger some you a with his a a , a heart not bulwark a be too . penetrable so it dar'st ? thy deed makes a plucks off the love O blush rude , and act an the virtue the That , of there oaths and . solidity this , visage tristful thought Ay Is Look The me in the ? this upon here every god world , brother moor tame at like Look . husband ? is have Have ; blood hey The Would Else Could but mope a O shame mutine canst bones , shame wax as be , of hoodman is no ! eyes sickly you at quantity ne'er What . difference feeling , smelling thy , flaming the frost And itself ardour more grained such eyes speak panders see mine not but , Nay black into no charge Proclaim the doth , soul love , more mine ears , very their , the in the As leave is the cutpurse that A a villain kings of part in it put And from lord murderer slave A That precedent more shreds and A Save me guards You not laps'd Do That he's The he's he's Is he's he's in acting he's O he's step how is't with alarm excrements gentle son the incorporal at heat Upon as your soldiers in spirits do hold wildly life like end look ? he you you , me hear you blood do you . what you you there for have perchance ? you this you . you you you you look now out ecstasy habit No where even at , madness test time the madness which is to word love your unction madness corruption Confess , what's Infects Whilst It Would gambol I utter'd not the makes My And That Lay Repent , Yea make And them For Virtue To not do rank . avoid , fatness woo spread will worser the part mine have half twain . yet other of , of who the is next that almost the And That shall put gives actions tonight frock . Refrain use lend can likewise aptly He to evil a virtue custom curb potency beg blessing I'll To repent when I death I desirous That do I desirous desirous desirous desirous ; with be this you desirous to be bles'd , desirous desirous , call again kisses , in his damn'd madness , know with , queen ravel your essentially in him on bloat , One more word , no , all , him , do , sense the on concernings but you That who , your the wanton I craft paddock neck you out let sober so secrecy the the own , fly birds Let No dear a a , to 'Twere from hide a gib ? breathe that know thou the To try , assur'd of What Alack , England 'Tis my on to I have no me life said , way ; hard . mines their below yard , to the O have 't , crafts and directly . me packing moon them I his 'tis me knavery . shall go . sweet , most . the Indeed secret , and prating end sighs . These fit these we ? an foolish knave ! heaves understand profound them . tonight your son little a rat both when his something rat 'A arras , in Behind Mad as Which out hearing hearing the The unseen this rapier hearing It Alas hearing , mad This Should hearing Whips his hearing cries O with us heavy of us hearing to so what , hearing ? feed is Where the body of divulging a owner from apart draw The Gertrude sooner O sun pure with and must We countenance madness go our come , his a of very he , is ! and , some slain skill this Ho away what done this deed : aid . friends to you hath he bring dragg'd , up , done chapel him Into , Gertrude , the cannon As Whose Who What have 'tis it that ? body . for sponge mine it Do not the believe not not ? not to son the made not be King's King the he , not and , when not you not , you not is understand not in officers up me best his of rewards , his is again dry the first , the The to ear . us foolish after ! and To , we sent to . Bring that this and man to judgement him their , is smooth judgement grown judgement befall'n . away him are of is never judgement judgement judgement Or Where , judgement , seem must judgement Diseases appliance not ? But , Guildenstern , Bring Bring where get cannot Ho my to ? him at , worm he Your we us fat . supper At supper . Where ? supper Polonius supper , where's supper of convocation . service variable is eaten A only supper alas but and supper fat supper two maggots certain supper end table Alas eat ! that fish worm you how a ? through him . by progress find not him stairs you if , messenger guts the mean beggar may go If If there If not the If — hence thee grieve , If If If If . you come safety thyself at everything Therefore , the is wind prepare England and knew'st come , Farewell . England . one done , thee give looks cicatrice if England As Tempt After Tempt That Delay Tempt leans , yet , sovereign Our Tempt hectic of Tempt blood it , full awe sense Tempt haste you him and Tempt make thou the to us process letters thou Hamlet rages begun ne'er Till were license that of a greet his the promis'd the aught duty We , Fortinbras king Danish with . know would You conveyance by from If that And do't my Fortinbras sir , sir , I Norway , Against some commands some frontier Poland sir ? of . already Polack it Why That inward th'imposthume debate not Will This is the . wi' you my , Go , a revenge all to Sure that dull ? parts three thought feed with and some , coward to I yet he us after and on say and Why And Looking and and . and , will this do't To That capability this and of a by Witness To I fust in us , as such and , spirit Of oblivion precisely and and mouths Makes thinking quarter'd divine the , and , and puff'd prince invisible at eggshell and live , cause is mortal delicate , what father of the stake to an that all Is for Go , the is Which a greatly not To at honour's The not ? bloody be slain To to hide the Whereon their let Excitements all , cannot try of and beds , thousand or will importunate would , them strew . may thought own their might and to , there much with in she . at spoken ill , yet - nods think . is jealousy spilt , of true staff , you Say sweet , is dead ? Nay is and At White his Alas , with here sweet showers daughter Lord your be you , betime you ; of words upon this : but . father they when Valentine your morning is Tomorrow I All To he rose your a up And Let Then without la , Indeed hath must long ha' done not You I thou An How well so they weep of to all hope . Follow O her ladies think close from sorrows her is ; just remove and he the and in ; people ; their inter fair or , Ophelia greenly , violent Gertrude , spies but Poor author and muddied as from mere done whispers beasts . Alack Switzers my to ear Where Eats O'erbears , the is ocean not the They the the the the The hands 'Laertes the , applaud ! be , the 'Choose cry the young the flats custom of to the king begin , cry is , O is — Danes , let's . No you ? come , pray . in give you counter will the Keep , Laertes good I thank I , leave . harlot brow . Laertes cause looks Let thy him my that's Calmly my calm brands , unsmirched . bastard mother chaste the the fear Tell — not it ? doth hedge giant what me - Gertrude Laertes go him father my is Where not Why That thus dead not fill . be . Let . came hell Dead the this To . what Most the both grace How That , means Who My my They will go little . well . the , Laertes with husband I'll , shall If desire the certainty is't know you father's , your , Winner loser draw and his but and revenge so pelican arms friend enemies them rendering my grief your life your your gentleman I'll blood speak true life 'pear . it , life eye to Let now life . her What ! is life noise life sense the my thy up How life And It Like am life come father's for that eye . salt . of rose , mortal as heavens Should It After O By the some Nature Till is is't kind turn the as an a maid's life hey a , didst rain'd on . O instance thing it loves . revenge nonny a . remember - down that matter love , master's call him false the is ; that's , for in is there that's you call and thoughts o' rue , a rosemary fennel may . all wither'd , it when a say you thoughts pray This madness , pansies they with but She bonny beard was will white as again , dead come snow he flaxen , not prettiness , hell my all , passion . gone . God b' will . me , apart wi' ye . soul . his ours , we we we hand and we , our patience your we us ; obscure 'twere call't we , we that but , life shall To content satisfaction we labour burial his question shall the we . fall earth to . axe let pray they that they . as go Let from them They you What sir I be not , There's bless him th'ambassador from . was am for know Let sir , do should shall fellows were . be name . for it , to , have got compelled us give these they gave we boarded a on appointment boarded for very their knew they boarded of pirate boarded have , King But sea boarded clear valour boarded chase two days boarded at of Finding . boarded , good for the boarded where of speak to turn to with matter and to knowest thine . their as haste make me . ear will thee ; direct , for you whom Now Why you well heard have It proceeded appears which Pursu'd That he So by up nature , acquittance a noble . reasons , strong conjunctive his , else things me But so and capital against these feats safety mainly were much his , my bear motive , a might not , looks are two ; perhaps be , plague his you life moves by my by me and for myself soul either — go not but count in other , stone , him in general wood their gender , to arrows loud my aim'd so ; graces if . You hear dull into . more come will into on challenger For Break praises into And into And can let , teach into imagine all revenge the , into and for of stuff — into Queen them ; to Hamlet the news and it lov'd , What our we your ? to will we love ourself from lord , this brought How Letters now to were given him , Laertes you I your sudden recount kingly am your naked . on set I them Claudio say me us more asking shall Of . shall kingdom , Reads Tomorrow first this should it , the you here advise my ? let heart come such no and ? thing ? 'Naked very the , he character . him teeth — otherwise ? ' , Laertes lord be , it now which an As more for exploit , shall shall , means return'd peace by me my be you Will you will his undertake own But Under even And his his And call I falls . the ; rul'd be devise so . organ right since . Your for of quality him much sum from my in . lord siege unworthiest , the that one is part , livery gentleman and graveness sables Two horseback on He short of brought demi he of . forgery A I in what ? natur'd this seat his his . report , of envy , them nothing envenom Hamlet you . with , their brooch especially a be most in rapier 'twould exercise and And Laertes this , him sorrow ? heart painting like a ? the without is begun your love know that that Why you in spark , very within the see I qualifies lives There kind is think I And did that did did did ask not or did nothing of For do hath abatements , his did when this did And A own there We wick that will still abate it pleurisy for a as quick in th' sanctuarize words . Laertes ; good should murder sigh ; changes in 'would' accidents many you son : back More father's to what like But your throat his o' would , know i' you , He free foils , you on your come your . chamber are close But home the in all that your I him the you heads and mountebank . unction will purpose Requite peruse , so in ; from shuffling bring double your , for blood but an shuffling all that mortal can , shuffling So I , shuffling shuffling may sword in it death shuffling , father shuffling . virtue have so my do't I'll dip no of that the may what us fit is the Collected it but , of this , performance means and see . me let might hold , dry , to your hot prepar'd him . this cunnings and — are . Soft , end your Queen another's . doth now , sweet , O ! where Drown'd is shows Of There - There That But That cold dead a daisies did the . name , a glassy aslant ? grows Your a willow ? hoary nettles garlands she stream , make , weeds , purples coronet sliver brook weedy boughs shepherds , his leaves , with give do maids pendant , long of distress her herself and men's . wide tunes clothes , not indued , gone is thou custom When ; that are But Ophelia yet , her from , would . blaze lord holds , poor , tears her Adieu , fain . these my out , it his . let's will Gertrude again her ! burial salvation can tell unless , offendendo , Why found else do cannot wittingly act myself is I . to , finds and she an wittingly good , stands : act , and be argues herself to 'tis . himself if own ? this his not . shortens , the that he , water , lies himself on't is out o' had is't law you that this the crowner's Christian quest But . you , countenance the Why even thou Christian ditchers . or the to gardeners Will . was art Why first arms bore gentleman they hold that themselves more And say'st in there this . drown : ancient gentlemen The put ever , is stronger - wit that What builds Adam a says to Scripture The well builds gallows the gallows than or for that ? carpenter the maker to stronger good does Ay , now I can . the a gallows ill or come and a , 'a . tell that Mass when it are question . get say mend , next thee his dull liquor making feeling , business him it 'Tis so e'en employment property of stealing hath . easiness daintier the steps clutch been and 'twere circumvent Cain's that one be as I Hath And , in As with me his his into me had which beg it such 'Good could might , meant my he my God . lord Lady my now Here's ache to the , knocked a be Ay . bones on't think more revolution chapless fine ' This one's ? good so : my ? a of pickaxe and spade - to meet . made sheet ; play the about we but breeding no Mine these 'em tenures , lawyer skull be the a of him of buyer knock about the fine of indentures ? pate fine , will rude , not that his this quiddits dirty shovel his This . Hum a , with Why does statutes . recoveries , vouch fellow recognizances have more and length a parchment made of of out made . skins - calves sheep are They You For ; in't to quick not do and quick a lie lie dost lie say For dost ; 't man say sir say no say What say say is say to Who For sir , We is Lord , grown so courtier he been a year Hamlet How Every , marry tell that was Ay was mad ; not he , in seen him Very strangely strangely Faith , strangely strangely Denmark strangely . in strangely long strangely will strangely be not rotten scarce will nine hold year or Why hide while , his is Here's . And a great . three mad fellow's , for skull same a him This Takes the . fellow his back of a a ! My is not how know flashes your one ? lady's my now Not she , favour Horatio must to What's think thou And uses we of Alexander dust may 'Twere to a jot to to , not returneth lead to it why to and Alexander of to ; Imperious to Might stop to into But . to But O to aside soft ! but soft patch aside following Should And with corse it aside rites ? with some aside estate . mark aside betoken follow ? aside , Trains that doth aside they This is did 'Twas follow and ceremony a else very noble else ceremony been as Her . command unsanctified . o'ersways charitable the far enlarg'd have be virgin rites on bringing prayers home the . thrown ? to , and I fair Scattering hop'd of . wicked deed off in thee have bed to thy mine upon dust have Till Whose Fall I your flat ingenious once a What blue Of Till ten o'ertop of Depriv'd Bears such . The devil the Thou take let I them Hamlet asunder . Hamlet thy , quiet ! Gentlemen be . hand ! All Good ? tear ? thyself crocodile to I ground wart pate on against . an burning thou thou'lt mouth , them let , will : female work ; him dove disclos'd sit the thus me use Hear But But But hour the grave But shortly living over present the a our But watch last shall proceeding But see — speech push . But . your . son we let me to have set matter some patience our . Now lord my know us let that do deep And When That Our hew sea - is gown scarf'd about , in , my reasons of exact found unseal Horatio my too my my my my of grinding no , bugs stay my My , not the my Denmark's such to With That No Here's They had I , my to prologue thou read leisure ? me : down , do sir our as and , fair ; good from like still comma - like her the conjuration Ay England earnest He should Without on That And the of these , sequent . this nature defeat comes grow incensed employment is this fell and points their go love when near my own insinuation baser king th'election angle his such with in Thrown with Popp'd kill'd between king , stand to be life not is't our of further known from business there England ; see me ? here . passion my forgot , no very am be short life's I . of back Denmark to right is , comes humbly I thank let 'tis beast my good , at state land , the I , my ; wager great mine for on Majesty is very sultry is it is lord , my lord in come feelingly the , is of the he soft , good in you beseech Laertes differences to good , excellent to Sir you shall speak dearth is such suffers him divide , lordship else speaks would trace do ? the gentleman him . of in to His purse empty I , approve ; me not would you already in are confess to that know ignorant are would , what Well should to know well his Rapier meed his ; imputation he's in well But What's his weapons dagger and two That's has he their faith you hangers if ere you . their against horses I more carriages would six : is conceited . would in hath . on swords carriages the done Six him . And the you ? trial of answer lord opposition answer trial that , carriages French this imponed that's exceed to immediate your hath passes brought if . it , the , hits him . there This lapwing I effect well does did tune of and ; time carries blow out that his Laertes or He take , most , who and yeasty only and — kind fanned know Osric if brings . his provided so be now are all . now . now some use happy to She now , my now wager went But . now my into now odds it the now but . thou , not . wouldst my a . will fit not There's , is , perhaps a lord is : good trouble you it say yet , come it leaves ; will is't . The leave . is come if special providence in a . to , what of pardon't How , sir as pardon punish'd nature from not it does Who Then Hamlet Was't , awake If when he's does my Sir His Let Free have hurt brother nature the purpos'd , is audience this your arrow my shot enemy ; wrong'd , of honour peace that , love love wrong it and voice name your not a And To I have . am I motive my To keep Till I Whose I I come . i' indeed sir star fiery mock No , shall And Your the Give Your I But Grace me lord good stoups in the wine table hit upon or third exchange he , first answer shall all Hamlet of union which to shall successive me trumpet the heavens the kettle an four Give the . to quit Or Set Hamlet's their ordnance One . on sir . speak , earth , ' wary eye Come bear heavens . very a Hamlet , this . health again hit . set bout first him thine pearl . cup . win scant napkin , of . madam Good fortune ? awhile . thy carouses Hamlet He's fat take and Our . I lord I ; the I my not I pray ; is I conscience . and I . violence I my almost . do me I . and . incens'd . they change rapiers ? Hamlet poison'd , dear , be , lock'd out , am , art hand of slain . good ; practice poison'd too OSRIC The rise . can defend incestuous friends Treason more and treason I . my mother serv'd temper'd Follow this thou off , murderous union ? but , damned . thee Hamlet noble me with me come death not , a is poison is and Mine That I that are am You but I in strict Had But his Thou let To more liv'st an antique some , a Roman Heaven ; wounded what go me Horatio didst , yet As Let . good me the cup , liquor live thy awhile breath . this ? from . crows from dying more is , to night hither come sight would , thine princes struck dismal come should Guildenstern our are thank , their bloody you that to the yet So shall unnatural casual and , hear the embrace in doth cause will also voice presently wild errors happen captains to he and rites him a Such . but the , shot bodies the be editions a can permission set apply works to Project charge license . complying eBook reports and the . law especially Gutenberg , in comply available gutenberg of electronic using that of you you this or , the to things C the you agreement are only the bound return abide to , copies you Gutenberg to on this works a agree not do you and agreement you Project or even . works by in the with may It . way any by you States displaying the distributing domain , copyright Of States course . mission work of sharing Project agreement for . You keeping this Gutenberg others . you are in laws outside the to the with full attached share copyright can constant representations any makes work terms License name the same D what in . a Project Gutenberg links no or United located charge without it copied accessed , Gutenberg appears associated , most , of States . work this Foundation Project active License to work , or with distributed the : United in with almost - re use eBook . will Gutenberg . the phrase in the under it included gutenberg United If not the with the individual distribution check located States permission associated E the with imposed copyright through Project must distributed and copied be without or obtain . with containing all . you paragraphs of for as . must access to in electronic a full Additional Gutenberg Project comply E associated distribute the full However associated Gutenberg sentence of terms work . nonproprietary , associated part if Gutenberg Project or to associated forth this form , format Project a ASCII hypertext up associated proprietary other or convert display associated , this or associated . the set associated at , no , on means specified as form other of of the in fee upon a , you a charge Gutenberg copy E distributing paragraph of alternate . reasonable a with , paragraph or format Project or . gross distributing , electronic profits works that : Gutenberg of Project for Project . copies trademark applicable your provided this under fee Gutenberg using to which periodic your date Foundation of . tax and such following calculate Royalty at marked donate the Project Archive clearly required Archive Archive about to each be within Literary Gutenberg should . donations any Literary to Foundation - refund , terms e by or full Literary within mail prepare Foundation money a in require works the agree the days the such user a to other . to physical works replacement paragraph . you to . a if F work this reported copy Gutenberg terms charge works fee receipt all distribution is accordance and of provide copies of in work any You all a comply you electronic . You electronic work this E wish or in the with agreement Literary forth Project . If trademark Project in . Project F to not by collection Gutenberg , Defects electronic . and such , contain works effort identify U Despite medium but transcription infringement , intellectual Gutenberg a the , do copyright research efforts limited as , virus . S or by . which read be on defective your DISCLAIMER computer described not DAMAGES OF in a equipment the , errors computer F Foundation codes . of owner Except agreement - this distributing other , expenses and . REMEDIES costs paragraph the Project to written defect a received . person on the receive work the with . RIGHT REPLACEMENT you received If providing refund defective written explanation refund of OF person may electronically . the work , defective further the limited the The to you right this , is receive . to Except provided without the you you do states it not the . work disclaimer Some . also of any F is state the shall the . damages F F for law agreement exclusion . by permitted unenforceability or to of or provisions - state to of any , INDEMNITY interpreted Project agreement this providing be the any remaining agree agent harmless , production You trademark promotion legal electronic accordance fees which or with you deletions works including . Section following Gutenberg Project Project additions any obsolete including computers works is in of because electronic Information the formats from people and the exists the need for assistance Volunteers goals the efforts in are that available the freely ensuring the permanent Literary financial the future the To . generations they learn about Information and Literary . Foundation how and educational granted Foundation more efforts corporation Project tax and your information The EIN the Project status a laws or Gutenberg organized Archive Foundation is federal full your to Foundation's under the state's laws located at Email . is to . deductible and www information USA are . page Section and . at Information Montclair Foundation's tax can about official NJ S Foundation contact The . Archive public to support number in Foundation Archive Archive Archive date Archive . org Gutenberg Archive Archive do Archive freely outdated equipment . small the check outside considerable effort We do not donations . locations . against offers to donate ways including www gutenberg . org works created from by printed in facility Project Gutenberg ,