there . Stand Stand Stand live Stand me Long Stand to 'Tis cold Francisco , Stand Not Have Stand relief struck come 'Tis For The am you had a meet watch is ! ho . reliev'd night , who Give soldier has , O farewell the - good you . there him Horatio , good Welcome . is , place What seen nothing , let this will dreaded Therefore I him minutes entreated twice seen us of . Marcellus again appear'd fantasy hold of apparition speak to this the sight watch our Tush 'twill assail down awhile are That against again fortified two appear your , night come and not along ears have Barnardo speak seen nights once , story , heaven of from all down that's burns it his same us Well us And In When art a same Thou ; speak scholar ? the with King would spoke like harrows be It and again dead . comes it the not me to . Horatio Horatio Mark , it the it that thou art Most Question Horatio . that ? march Stay It of charge buried ! heaven majesty the , is ! I will You more on't ? stalks ! 'Tis speak you look ! on ! avouch ; had in on parle . ice know my strange sledded th'ambitious like the the was As he So this toils nightly the cast subject most the observant daily Why gross to hour this of work and . watch state knows watch war sore week the for of sit Good now Why make the divide impress And Does Who , the by so can Whose as even least , Thereto At not What such And might Doth Dar'd For and by which on law life him to Our ; I the this he who seal'd heraldry known most appear'd of pride Hamlet , as ; vanquisher And he Against ratified , which ; in , a a compact same , Now the article design'd , young , Fortinbras , and full enterprise there no return'd by Hamlet the to . of been food doth well in't diet Norway carriage Was Which which moiety competent cov'nant the of hand of foresaid That hath it And in skirts of lawless , sir , Of the a list recover As Hath up a his The Of Well I A this - think be sort it no but other e'en of the . palmy the streets ; King fell sheeted demonstrated the together coming and mote little the stars Did The In squeak and gibber ; to almost sick cross And As harbingers to Lo and , thou But Have prologue Upon And soft , it behold , of and . use it me to grace done , avoid country's ! of foreknowing speak the thou O thy me ease good to blast though Speak , thy hast if , art privy to Speak hast Stay , life womb , in earth , me or . me fate . in partisan ? here ! being 'Tis , gone For To do it it We offer It about to blows like a thing guilty . heard day of god the with , is fire and I throat , of , violence , air , when speak started , cock have to trumpet , earth in and and lofty shrill , the or , in say nor and gracious hath is do yon morn dew the heard , look Walks No The nights hallow'd I spirit power russet of in and and witch no . charm it , clad believe advice tonight , life it with this morning him . conveniently I most acquaint shall our I , Let's Voltemand death befitted , queen , him state joy eye dole marriage , herein dirge , gone our have all you . weighing freely worth Fortinbras , have and in barr'd know our this and the impotent Thus further Who His his , For bearers you further to you greeting and , and in purpose herein this we : time , scarcely the levies to suppress that proportions are : let these dilated to and business ; things nothing : articles haste will your duty show . father heart thy not thou beg asking , mouth , to toward again gracious duty in , bend your wishes to them He From To and confess Dread my show I Your My And now thy And . But Aside How that more , Hamlet cast am i' off colour nighted thy vailed on die . must the lives lids . sun the a like , common nature , Passing , through to , so of of black know mother good breath , eye visage in fruitful me and the truly moods river it If seems Nor No , These and these must give are I that have can denote suspiration forms within These , the , indeed woe suits passeth a . Together with that which know lost In your That father 'Tis But they commendable mourning , his your in the trappings your unschool'd to thing opposition fault Fie must we ? heart your it Take your know in dead your unfortified vulgar As to To death of we most whose and till and think us note take to today , of world love in For Wittenberg throne cried , intent eye and of , her lose us prayers to father to , courtier with most back toward dearest It thy go my reply come . melt . O ! garden this to , not of and earth ! him on it two this it heaven my it was loving and ; it would that ; beteem the it it , father mine , father's woman month a Heaven appetite grown hang , is reason uncle , month unrighteous galled speed lordship ! tongue . hold to ! with , Wittenberg name from you make my , change very what in to faith see good poor , what I'll But I , disposition it not hear my I shall Nor To Against teach what yourself But , We'll , to see ere . depart funeral , truant you fellow , Elsinore no say violence , drink of ear , enemy your your do know that report ? are own you affair see your . see . see Would I — Where eye see see . day , see was like his for goodly my ; man a was saw my saw . all in king yesternight , father . a I you God's love me hear gentlemen while deliver gentlemen their on had together waste dead at thus before slow Armed the In Been , and by oppress'd and length ; not impart the they hands The the of lifted But Itself It do And I did sight address . haste MARCELLUS live 'Tis it . true 'tis , lord say Arm'd top to ? foot you lord , from What lord , he he in . anger up wore his head toe to saw Then yes O , A , or red very ? Stay'd very much amaz'd it might haste . very Very like very like moderate very , have I would It very you . very . had been there . hundred BARNARDO , and saw't no . I his . I I And If it be tenable in shall else whatsoever have you me bid it Let And hold assume it it Upon peace , to hap , hitherto conceal'd I should you sight your no twelve ye . well fare deeds night ; you from that nature in a toy primy lasting permanent the fashion it Hamlet , A For Forward , violet do assistant me Hold The in a And and Grows In The now virtue greatness weigh'd his ; he as grow ? suppliance . but so more does . more No it nature nor nor For withal . Perhaps soil will nor inward nor The nor sanctity himself of his will to unvalu'd for health must for nor He Whereof he Than weigh too you the and danger rear my affection ; moon enough shot Ophelia his , To keep And it Then the give heart , Fear she Virtue oft 'scapes beauty prodigal is their most though of rebels wary morn the not infants buttons best the Contagious then itself steep puff'd path his heaven rede reckless in precepts Give these And sits , upon shoulder a Aboard thy no . vulgar . tongue of steel , blessing for double second of , There few . familiar And Those friends any unproportion'd but thought his means their with comrade in ; Beware tried entertainment act , not - entrance Grapple But Of Bear't man express'd in apparel France most in thy ; oft habit th'opposed , proclaims the , few thy , thy voice . thee but fancy both edge self . thee man any in , my this to of itself a chief be friend that . true the . lord . lock'd to well servants . hath touching bethought very well he told please Marry he it . he of Farewell something you me , he he oft of I on bounteous he late yourself he and ; you — not you ? me , caution understand he late , perilous you as , such in his Pooh ! You , call girl , I you'll hath , Or My lord fashion he honourable ; vows . I , to the blazes prodigal do in a it , is . extinct both young ; time making ; walk , few may tether him he For rate Hamlet maiden are , time Hamlet ways . come leisure this from with moment for : bawds suits , very cold air . the . is to mean What does the heard It ? spirit wake , kettle wassail King his lord season walk rouse near ? nations observance . indeed breach with it revel , born breach tax'd and , breach the a west and breach , guilty breach breach breach , attribute particular in our of marrow , and birth some oft The So of in of His Carrying , of some habit , or Fortune's stamp of as they — as of censure . substance scandal lord , of his . a evil doubt comes defend or a or or heaven , charitable wicked I'll . hearsed , bones me father not burst thee Hath cast Wherein their canoniz'd cerements why . Dane call ; in but inurn'd quietly saw ponderous his we up dead horridly So , corse the hideous beckons is night With ; do to To if Look with not go more you Why not soul will a removed it But No It , then it ? not set pin's a it itself to ; fee that . fear as can immortal at ? lord cliff it my the horrible reason form sea it desperation Think of the , the tempt your there beetles it if assume his base other sovereignty madness puts waves , off your hands Still heaven am And As makes each ; Unhand artery not . lets ? him him gentlemen lion's thee me Denmark this obey . follow . of it follow direct , wilt thou I'll ? him , me will is sulph'rous to My Speak tormenting come . me lead flames serious . hear when thou . but I , what shalt spirit forbid , word I of , am my . the walk in away to purg'd the and burnt Till for for unfold my , night , thy from to be , ever and flesh of Are crimes confin'd But prison - spheres love , house blood young on , their must God unnatural murder it ; is . unnatural , best most this to Murder , as swift find I May know't , meditation , foul in I strange Murder thoughts or foul most And stir ; given Haste Wouldst A 'Tis thou That duller me by abus'd prophetic Ay his — queen have that seduce to will what — and wit wicked O From Hamlet went , my a gifts , adulterate the lust was to poor be dignity heaven the gifts as radiant angel a natural shape will virtuous even in to it , sate methinks But Though of Upon . court , a virtue of of The of And curd swift such of custom My Upon the The With of Holds of Thus The And - of All , was Most No made , disappointed like instant Of Cut Unhous'led , my all horrible hast nature horrible ! of Denmark be ; sin to on sent , most bear my damned and thee let her incest thy leave bed O the thou sting and thy howsoever nor this act soul at ! once bosom near , fire me ! not instant adieu seat , What lodge adieu . adieu grow , adieu And But bear me , my of trivial all and observation youth adieu book distracted books thou adieu of , away , forms , all all I'll saws wipe from sinews , table volume globe up . Remember memory memory holds All My , may you , have MARCELLUS . ' . villain a to me . Within 'Adieu is My my ; be and Denmark him be So , ho . lord my ! heaven . my ? and you'll But How I it you'll reveal , lord , Ay needs say you then There You but These it is are I For your as every ; you Such , and wild offence too . one poor lord my is between good soldiers friends . and have , Give are to know there this , request ? is't It by Patrick And , so Indeed We I my thou there . cellarage ? truepenny seen you that hands work so . friends strange good wondrous it philosophy give earth But you so I As you thus put , arms by encumber'd , 'We of times such To Or As 'Well ; or out or could and , shake shall , mercy think — if to help , they would' . your ambiguous mercy Swear . So , together , pray gentlemen aught of me : to me , my And God May fingers out is , him your on your cursed together O . joint was ever lord ; My Before You said very Of , said behaviour make intend you Paris question you . and expense drift , demands my , at and will distant father know , 'I his some do you and his , of touch knowledge . where finding , and . Look , more ; mark it this come son 'twere part as particular , ' you and , lord , him , so he noted and . youth liberty lord ? swearing far so . so quaintly , faults of charge , another mind liberty this do good another Of general another Ay another not meaning my That another I laying , th' slight sir , a another I As I I Marry 'twere I 'Good I closes or to phrase or , lord — I , son would sound working , crimes assur'd prenominate be 'gentleman' — say Where ' say , and the Of By so 'closes closes 'closes At He At I Or There , or saw him you the yesterday with gaming such there o'ertook house carp of bias now you , rouse in's forth a at : consequence' , day ; or 'I thus and : saw , Videlicet 'I a brothel him of windlasses indirections directions with assays out and and , you . former By my by So Shall my God I ply , my his music . Ophelia my Well Farewell I in I , what , the with head , doublet God . affrighted matter ? in ? unbrac'd his all of sewing his each purport hell me ? he been , but he said know truly What I took for , comes to me length wrist other such sigh seem being did so waving shatter piteous all and lets go , eyes his shoulder their his turn'd me on their went find o' the to He his his with is violent go seek the King , light without way over done help , heaven under I hard letters as am passion of itself undertakings sorry his me . mad . him to with hath quoted to sorry it him access repel lord as oft our given . but him did No I meant had And I , wreck is be To , as for in go , beyond cast , As it To Welcome , Moreover , The Since ; his much , occasion , thus ; companies in your and may unknown lies he ; So draw him time pleasures rest so so ; And That That And expend so adheres am much If men it will awhile and our profit king's receive us have you are remedy not good , command more entreaty into your feet , of hope bent . in . full ourselves We up here give To Guildenstern and , And Thanks Thanks beseech I hast I my ? duty Both hold my I I Have Thou Are do Hunts it And as to of of speak The , that O God that news Give Hamlet's policy gracious King , mine found he them feast hear . have found . distemper son's , to . shall sift good o'erhasty brother friends from what , Well Welcome , him other father's we preparation so better a That Was It On Fortinbras ; Norway in hand borne sickness in . fine , with uncle and never your to To So Gives him Receives give his might th'assay entreaty you this our more consider'd us set safety labour business , read took . feast we'll . together your think likes well is ended expostulate down for enterprise , flourishes of and duty is and day time time true noble night , wit is define , and limbs , mad ? mad but that nothing ; no pity . swear , is't I be What More madness . use use . all 'tis figure use foolish true use . And this use art cause and beautified Ophelia . vile . duty have use most a use , idol but and That's and To ill and an and this obedience surmise and the 'beautified' , and and soul's faithful . to it art . have best , me , show'd O numbers . daughter , best , lady dear man I , so love must queen winking your , this a desk the Majesty hot If my had given Or hot This hot be hot , done That herself — messengers hot lock fruits tale then hot watch sadness a a , wail 'tis now for we and , a short into by no a a . he this , ' know , ''Tis likely so be very . fain I'd ? be hid it we he the in indeed . try the Within is circumstances Take this If truth may loose loose loose . it loose and farm loose his . love he her not , loose . away comes both man picked to being my lord , in very true That's , of as would be For her not a you say truly ; may daughter a in to I . a Friend Conception . lord my blessing my extremity a fishmonger harping , is He for a ? a ? my you that Between read says slave satirical the the I tree ; mean . that sir For faces and . hold which , wrinkled that should go lord method . yet , backward I sir , a plentiful though if , my in't like it I most of thus lack down a crab . is there air ? the my air often him take leave will between humbly my lord fools ; there is Lord . God save ! lord lord dear honoured most My friends . Good ! of that we cap we not not are indifferent As Rosencrantz the in you Then about live parts secret the my lord , Fortune , Faith O true ? her ? None . have she Then in , you But to , a the o' th' lord nothing either . it for not my are Denmark We ; which ; it ambition makes it in were , merely are A too count king bad for prison a is and bad dreams . a have I ; for the very . quality a light and a shadow's airy and . I . sent Come , thank you you Were visitation nay ? free ; not for craft you is sent lord by our of rights of could have Queen modesties have sent love , you If What youth you by , me what conjure , better whether obligation sent were me hold feather prevent mirth so goes to me noble and express , than foul golden what is ; in congregation , the woman my in so , neither . not ? And . thoughts And And entertainment And And me' in his you And , Lenten tribute lover have , way the in th' verse ? blank tickle his and the service foil are end or welcome freely players city they the tragedians the sere peace ; halt shall ; in both and the city innovation sir , I Are ? the did they estimation keeps children most , are they aerie , and their of are common stages Who children quality if make no they exclaim against better they themselves do controversy to on . and the do ; is would not my for uncle and Denmark twenty little philosophy his of , lived is Hercules brains . in if , 'Sblood . You are yours tell , must you The come I which comply with , I deceived mother - lord dear When is an is man That . clouts old players morning news . When tell Roscius my hither , buzz honour came Upon world - actor for , heavy . of - The pastoral law unlimited , pastoral in and he fair treasure Why , daughter which What , Israel , right i' th' , lord on that , Nay , Why lot lord , my follows follows then . well , by and As to pious my abridgement comes most know wot you like more see valanc'd , your the is old all welcome my me . I . ladyship in chopine beard to thou O , are , and you friends last good last by uncurrent welcome quality , speech . thee , all of . What , straight a the to not speak heard caviare cunning the author memory he begin but no there , I the set it handsome line 'Twas more called matter in as I down with the modesty to lines wholesome it : your of live and , Dido slaughter me it he did in and gules , daughters , sons , Pyrrhus coagulate the seeks , and light a , sable whose the horridly Head the in and dismal . with . tyrannous mothers Roasted with o'ersized like Old thus That vile lend , at his Priam to to drives wind lies Rebellious Striking Greeks short too Anon arm command and Then a to head lo tyrant . painted neutral a Stoops , like And So reverend , For the milky i' on th'air Pyrrhus will stick , still , some see speechless bold we But silence to As the , the Out , In And shall He's spokes low the for Where her lank stood all th'alarm and A . diadem with , state the Fortune's gods themselves saw his make her malicious limbs , sport , all that see then her have pronounc'd , the out you made of them the passion turn'd players thee have see I'll well has In not his the they report better are My 'scape , deserve , lord Use the man better them Use in tomorrow . after man own play ? Gonzago of Murder . a sixteen or Ay that Ay which You . Follow lines tomorrow ha't We'll night till are friends welcome lord my You Good . and My , good look wi' rogue a That forms to broken Could in But what O Is force A soul in that . b' monstrous not from voice in Hecuba weep for her drown with , eyes guilty of and muddy the A - The very Had And That have cleave he appal mettled and ears unpregnant for a of , Yet I , tears , cause peak king not most , me Who the blows and should - bitter treacherous , lecherous . take lungs , it , the vengeance fatted my across face i' me cannot be ? for and the liver'd , I am ass an , That what , to the slave's revenge by a Oh all Bloody ! of kindless villain most is , cunning cunning , players looks my have tongue soul sitting ! the so cunning something the of shape weakness T'assume cunning cunning cunning For most With I I'll tent be May Out no of his puts I'll relative than can And But we we He from Nor But so Grating harshly does dangerous and turbulent With do But with o'er And We beseech'd it think to he hear To heart all and shall , 'Tis night This And Good drive have as 'twere leave closely we Sweet And gather so may him That We lord . sent , Hamlet accident by ourselves their he the happy do cause , honours , part your Hamlet's Of him : beauties shall way again may wish I I wonted hope be your your wish Ophelia you here . show prov'd I it Gracious Ophelia exercise blame Read , on colour with sugar . in conscience , helps . most my O coming nobler in be is lord suffer to of outrageous mind that of a to say to end . a thousand — To to dream is wish'd of be perchance sleep give in sleep . have Must we death that flesh No by more opposing and ache makes would The The that But bear makes might might might Thus might Than undiscover'd the us No To bare When might he himself might us hue might their . currents the the this yours , now them . of - longed you have remembrances receive , That honour'd givers prove to sweet well breath did their so rich ; There ha Are ; wax my lord the Could be , beauty my you into what it truly Ay This Indeed his , the for a should me ; virtue cannot loved you inoculate was shall believed did . made love once . so I were nunnery to in What , with ; honest them . thoughts revengeful We are arrant knaves should in that thee You stock but wouldst . of me am , play Go between shape of your , nunnery to my , it myself better Why yet ambitious Let in's upon him At shut that he my , home house , all you be as ; you nunnery your men you , go farewell him I'll ice you as O you paintings powers and know you give as thee this if thou shalt thou . jig You , Those keep . marriages ; more no make you , The mind The Like sweet Now mind mind live the O , Th'expectancy noble fashion and , mind , of all a and observers , of ladies mind ecstasy I what have , it , mind is of seen O feature of tune blown youth tend a form that lack'd do His madness he melancholy the hatch and on way his shall : I some be which Love For set Thus it the With the not Nor Was what I O'er Will danger , our , neglected with tribute : do And This Whereon Sprung You heard you hold . from It something . himself still brains do , But commencement . yet think now I you . grief Ophelia said , please , with the after be you . or If please him him . confine alone her in . round find , the him . do air , very I torrent had acquire to to , shows . and who . your warrant whipped split smoothness - the O groundlings a passion fellow of all for avoid . honour Herods I you word a , the purpose playing word let but the , beget noise too observance to the pressure hold of own her to action , is was time , and the make of . O which laugh Now whose of . it Herod is , that not the not , from o'erstep the off virtue grieve whole ; the , heard that judicious and and censure a , some profanely , others neither and nor reform'd have Nature's man journeymen they well of theatre praise the , and men made so having have . altogether it fool the Will now my , and make a of spectators to laugh ambition will then . work ? pitiful most shows uses ? to make , Horatio Will Bid And We Here , my will as man lord ? the thy thee ? be poor of . mistress lick pregnant follow was fawning the may soul hinges should but may ? Why hope I think I tongue Dost herself . distinguish of For her , that , flatter'd thee revenue Nay That no advancement do one Hast Since Where As feed my thrift sound heart's do my One Which is not I with very comment that see'st my of before too and , please she ay near the King act a of occulted thy speech guilt have ; circumstance father's - thou not It my stithy eyes we , my our rivet will of whilst lord aught will pay I seen ; are both Well . A flourish coming How . Get to steal he And play They If play promise march play I now this : My play , you my , lord and play was did mine with play Excellent faith . No Hamlet chameleon's I , air so cannot Caesar I did To of upon there good Capitol killed actor th' a capital calf . lap upon lord . my , you Do are , merry Who fair only your , 'tis . and lord looks , months life suffer But suit a I'll forgotten shall 'For a year O yet Then do two died but . his ' ! is . Anon the . poison King pours four Mutes protestation the unto him comes a , of is whose , hobby must ! O hope on sables by'r , with lady , he and the hobby . The , three dead seems or end What Queen lament his . Enter . a kneels crown Queen , takes seeming woos to action Belike show this this is this accepts loth love body and She gifts his of us all the by know shall show that shame show him : what , what show tell to you naught stooping : the show counsel to . or hearing a ring ? naught patiently clemency naught naught love brief 'Tis a , naught . woman's my naught the naught gone , you know quantity are fear so nothing extremity made , distrust must : too . second , but be — accurst my behind kill'd thrift I second you determine the slave , kisses . Wormwood , The respects instances of second believe what Purpose me marriage none in now to kill love we dead you speak tree validity memory oft bed husband my . break the ; poor sticks ourselves is propose purpose ourselves to But Grief This world And hitherto doth question loves should grieves ; fortune for , aye enactures revels our even aye who Directly seasons to fates end aye where do I begun contrary enemy . aye , aye aye when But great man down , you mark tend lack his , is light . own . night , destroy , would fain and sleep I deeply An anchor's have hence a I opposite that , face strife joy of me ever should Sweet If , me here ? in't world offence ? play ; no call What . see , gall'd jade love . dallying my You is Thoughts With Hecate's poisons Thou wholesome is him life usurp His . false ? lord my ? rises of wife how see Gonzago's . rest , the if roses sir must go play , Why some , the share ? razed was dismantled , I now reigns dost Jove Would Of This realm , very I'll O good You , ha take . not it not you music he some music music Ah music Why music the likes vouchsafe Come music , lord Good music Is lord , of what , sir marvellous sir . choler signify would , pronounce far his this to . affair sir affliction , return the do . your breed be shall will . cannot wit's ; command . wholesome no make , your wholesome not the right I . But as My struck ! But and — no sequel there you further . and do your deny these me . You ? by still liberty cause distemper you the grows Let me be that , I . too as bold lord , Will , my understand To — play drive is your will stops . and the not have I me of most out top in the this do voice note finger though and you . upon instrument . you speak By see mass , 'tis that's almost camel . indeed shape sir , me camel of like is it is backed a my to come . I bent — by and by . a a weasel a like like Or Very . fool They to the and me . say . very the world such . could let of me her this to , be not enter none . is by 'Tis When Would heart O Let soul look to to The I To I like I his your to may along estate with dispatch prepare stands will England terms near not you hourly forthwith lunacies . my soul seals , him commission our us his and holy We and keep Majesty . safe feed those let And madness range doth . draw majesty much bound is upon will Most With the keep lives not Dies upon huge alone That the whose Fix'd it with many from cease . Are you , on mortis'd Arm ROSENCRANTZ the Behind the , he's said makes , to I'll warrant more you that you ere Fare them what I go to my bed , liege curse can Pray ! be inclination , in like wash there Were And stand My brother's A is rank primal , What eldest I as What shall if this double What defeats guilt to What a What as but Then what look form What fall force offence Whereto of snow ? this we O Forgive I , am still foul me did and retain I of shove wicked But , of ? can it not faults What cannot as one the above lies ? Make well heart ! death repent bosom struggling black with angels be . heaven scann'd father . be And . kills I so the new be and of pat All be would That , son this his in how crimes be audit all And With O A And now am I'll be so , villain his 'Tis he is take with his He him and drunk ; of or pleasure his in't kick be his as may of bed , rage No . black stays , and thy . may soul rises my thoughts sickly My , no that it prolongs The physic , that him relish King up fly has gaming And Then Words without , This words As My Tell Much , with him to lay too silence me him warrant Within And you Withdraw Now I'll Hamlet hear . coming . offended much much wicked ? now the , now question would are , Queen were You Why my . so that wife , You can speak . murder ? not glass ! Thou ? Draws , help ! slain ! ducat , Behind now ? ho Help , hast I bloody rash deed and king a 'twas rash some intruding Take thy fortune , down ; I you so braz'd and , noise In the blurs That an And sets false an an Is tristful Yea an an As Calls blister an dicers' the soul words Heaven's face , on this picture act act doom vows a plucks glow deed religion : his , seal two Mercury man what follows you of Jove himself command hill mildew'd heaven a you . set form heaven heaven god To Here heaven on call this judgement blood love Ha ! have your it's you heaven have judgement , sense this heaven it indeed a and heaven Where This is Blasting And Nor Is without but youth let a be virtue in mutine a sickly . or difference at some hoodman - sight sans blind all without quantity such in hath serve cozen'd eyes part hell O Rebellious canst flaming melt When Or so Could To the her And more No Nay rank sweat , the corruption in the Over speak to me no sweet like In slave cutpurse That And A No of your patches and . the in empire his the and it o'er by , figure wings with gracious go son passion and acting forget thy on thy almost between bodies Hamlet works sits soul . you . alarm , vacancy discourse , gentle the ? in do your bend do hairs eyes the is step in Speak how eye you excrements peep ? me look you have not Do ! them Lest this . colour with , him His want To Will Sprinkle on him and form My cause conjoin'd upon convert I ; stern true nothing all speak see ; at Do Nor hear is I ? away , to keep is the ; It me . healthful matter And makes utter'd Mother flattering trespass from and word - unction It will Whilst My I I gambol Infects rank your but skin that but the pulse not That do them For Virtue curb make ranker . fatness vice must pardon do part worser throw purer away the other of the . half uncle's it heart in . twain , these the cleft bed good leave hast and woo go the my you mine with to yet actions of use That That He habits And the use almost aptly to the have it not . angel eat doth sense frock shall can are . more , the kind Refrain tonight , livery or The , good nature easy next Once the either And For next . more this . call cheek your , on by , their this hath pleas'd it so , me minister answer : remains be do you to , him from sense bat you in ravel for do What Not Let And Or to , King tempt you this am ? hide break And the in dear if Be , Unpeg Let And life thou try assur'd of What , concluded breath to breathe ? hard mines , O moon delve sport to have . must fang'd way — enginer it knavery petard crafts the into Indeed , prating knave this neighbour one yard . most life night profound son your on us sighs . a These ? them heaves fit 'tis ; is place my Ah sea and . when contend fit ! deed , short , this was Should had liberty It It so We To draw his apart of the a whom very of mineral the itself O'er To But man owner pure The sun mountains the . our — excuse and and this base ore some , deed vile you touch skill you you you this the . away slander friends , you , you miss O . diameter haply mean wisest in cannon haste , fair . we'll cannon , My soul what's let cannon cannon cannon cannon What us it where Compounded have Tell I keep sponge can , counsel what your — when , do the what the King sponge my Besides king mouthed is again go sleeps with and King knavish A understand I us King the you lord I am glad Bring me to dangerous , Of nothing But This in lov'd of put is we the not sent How I to the seek And not the the where like Yet must He's the Where the , he ? is guarded ! us in Bring my lord Polonius ? At where's , Where supper At to fat , hath alas . table Alas that hath worm . he . fat service . ourselves worm ? guts the there messenger you him . heaven him month seek i' To this . within to Where thither place shall nose you Attendants He tender done , hast and thyself prepare everything help grieve safety send is bent for ! England purposes England for . Farewell . one . awe , at mayst that , England rages know my Do effect blood joys , hectic in . me my Till I it were ne'er . rendezvous the begun Fortinbras Danish Go the kingdom If let him You would know do't sir , Poland Go How They sir Good purpos'd Who To pay That five will it five main some gain and old Or for the to speak little no . sir , ground name of addition farm Pole in or be should Norway profit , a I is it then Yes not Will ducats in hath , the shows and of you thank the of thousand , sir . you , me little before straight please you That dies wi' you . humbly , do . market and you What his time of lord you . more , large us whether and , such A ? us you and chief dull occasions against . not to , do part know , one do strength , hath , say to . this Led cause and will this divine the of as th'event and tender and I but scruple reason and , too oblivion or . some charge parts coward prince ambition invisible with Makes I have spirit mouths to But honour's . and be argument great straw a stand I then , death unsure mortal at fortune eggshell , is what Exposing great in without quarrel How . a and fight cause , plot , stain'd I thousand trick and worth forth , pitied indeed be mood will would she have importunate much speaks She tricks carry What Her will not is , her father hems , half 'Twere as her to sense of they to it own it , thought gestures for in seems sick To Dangerous she in her to artless of itself Each toy full spills Where How From should , you snow mark , mountain the , look , as , the to true ; go Lord your . be daughter baker's . owl sweet grave was . God flowers upon we pretty They means words no , you dild , Conceit not know you say , ask you , clothes window , out donn'd and at Valentine your betime , end an ! I'll Charity they Saint . Come My choose shall my cold ground ladies sweet . How well I ; this night , her of good give the father's death . O they First come and father , I counsel night , brother night . single author , slain springs muddied violent . himself his infect France , beggar'd dear our O . ear person to his , to piece matter to secret herself Her In Alack , Gives a Switzers my is ? the them this many superfluous murdering nothing me noise his of my lord matter Let . Gertrude my in list , haste , lord impetuous him head king every of Than Caps as Antiquity forgot world offices And O'erbears cry shall doors are Laertes applaud ! flats a in , broke , Sirs — The this . Danes king Danish . ' false stand No thank Keep you Give my door the , me , let's We will pray I you I good good What good good That him thy good There's art of can his incens'd good is ? the with devil ! blackest negligence stand juggled be to . worlds , for stay husband little far I'll , shall means Who throughly shall all not , with . friend is't well in both know They , None enemies them ? ope - I'll them , life blood my kind with you . father's grief eye , salt . in come to does your that times maid's old an , O is't mortal possible kind , as sends fine in After Should be love the precious it — nonny and on the a dove and thus my rain'd , didst and wits and and , a down - move call steward and stole that him and daughter is This . remembrance rue . o' Sundays father There's . all wither'd for We difference sweet a they For Thought She Robin bonny and to prettiness hell joy . come he not to passion will will favour and he - is , thy was , we And gone flaxen All beard His No And he his white come bed as is moan . gone . as will was never He is ha' God souls , with . Go your apart , give call we , not all will collateral us your to . you 'twixt wisest but you hand . me ours his , bones , obscure formal 'twere nor nor his ostentation to , question heaven axe me would you with fall . me for ? you sir , for your ; is , him we were Ere give for warlike put we have these . England for bound was please , that too ourselves old some valour repair words to me the for them , grapple I Let of as thine bore haste But so alone became King of as thou the . thee their of of He of I of turn good of Come To have thou way , seal the will give you that from you brought my your with , Now must conscience well Pursu'd heard put you Why a life your and And As So safety and so capital against But in all wisdom proceeded . crimeful your you by You two special reasons The either which , much strong ; be not the or Lives But to may almost my me My not timber'd bow them father praises a noble desperate on I where slightly Would her Whose sister have A Break can not For Stood pastime I it lov'd we we are that , And And challenger my all go into , That . we be You father How my Majesty ; lord now Letters your to will Who ! let will our news Hamlet . you Queen will them will , will receiv'd ? from will . them saw He Claudio say will Hamlet that shall . brought Of my Sailors They were I brought set eyes I on naked am thereunto more your I mighty and kingdom 'Tis Hamlet's a I I shall warms the it It That how As thine at peace will you be so by me ; to voyage o'errule you , death mother And even And his To an exploit undertake his . If me he his which To own to shall Under call it As they not that in riband Yet did Did say in It talk'd one part and too very A seen they wondrous . on horseback his what of of short A brought grew his Two against serv'd and gentleman in't a his health He been forgery Upon my The very the He nation . masterly you confession such a 'twould out you most The , this his , nation . wish do , of , love it still ; would 'would' changes , accidents ; do , of goodness pleurisy are like to than . deed church would quick undertake th'ulcer sigh , a sanctuarize your fine being He , heads bounds not Will bounds his throat , indeed To The Hamlet bounds should have , this should bounds keep varnish close within bounds fame the , all shuffling bounds pass , Requite unbated purpose unction in no , an bought in from moon Collected that that but blood but This in Where the save from rare my sword in of . anoint I'll your in and for in him for , in do't I it draws all mortal can It scratch'd contagion Let's With If I If Our So they How drink nonce the for chance by calls bouts more ; now fast One upon ? a glassy and she the purples . them grosser did garlands willow O , doth follow woe There That Clamb'ring in Which As time she awhile . snatches her of incapable . weedy brook trophies envious an native But with drink lay . she muddy poor , then . drown'd tears thou poor . forbid I therefore what it trick will my these When gone , are it Adieu folly calm , will , fire . Gertrude , holds say have that out be this Let's to will , own and Christian burial Now How wilfully make her drowned found be an and wittingly , cannot it do it wittingly herself to , Why unless , but lies and hear himself the if good is shortens . not that act . to Nay leave , man . to go Here the Argal he crowner's law . quest gentlewoman law . his death good own him drown great that pity buried marry had this , is't themselves Adam's but their up arms should have understand . the the ? none . confess The , purpose Scripture another shipwright the , thousand thou , Now come the gallows ? carpenter . unyoke a To't ass . your you are for . cannot , I Marry now me about makes last me , beating . Mass no brains - maker' with this Has fellow it in little hand the ; the it making - his time was for But of him of To contract no with me , once , politician a , the been jawbone of lord say be could might he , could hath And and Cain's circumvent God might when one's Ay horse which might it did bones Did sexton's and ' courtier lord good Or of murder such , such dost that it to , not , and to ache with trick a : so e'en . A and a quillets rude and suffer he does quiddits shrouding There's shrouding a shrouding spade a , sheet to shrouding be shrouding and a clay his , shrouding shovel a . this have more no and lands shrouding will vouch length him to his of scarcely lie . Is his statutes This Hum recoveries recoveries breadth have in this no are They sheep Is a calves which . pit a Mine , O speak , and assurance grave's out Whose of calf seek this . for guest it out , be , in't part for it lie therefore away ; will dost thou ; man For man woman no dig ? for sir . again it . in't ? her , equivocation . I the How been I , year grown ! sir is For neither rest ; to Who undo How the but speak by his - day . can — why recover wits England ? sent and It was day his is that he Hamlet Fortinbras since . shall he ; born you he not mad because 'Twill not seen , matter there ? him in , they are ? strangely there Very e'en How will long I eight or year , nowadays his , great a dead body water sir A whoreson , it ? you , the of flagon it think hath decayer not . A know . was was Nay ! Yorick's skull rogue I , sir a mad , pour'd Alas poor of ; it Alas Alas that Alas E'en jest . and now gibes Alas now those abhorred . in that lips how Alas fancy He , most Alas Where rises oft of , lady's now my think to get roar ? you What's Horatio favour thou Dost Alexander 'Twere To what faith , loam O Might soft ! Should patch stop into ; as But that a - beer keep hole Imperious Queen ! wall that a t'expel aside . maimed corse follow The And ; and Caesar a which . betoken they Trains . soft King ! doth their is with This , did . we Couch own What is And Shards we but flints ? noble ceremony . in strewments pebbles allowed is Of bringing rites home ? have lodg'd , her dead be should done service and parted - be No the . requiem peace th'earth , souls priest be more bell . burial and more no there be flesh , rest to her maid sense . a ingenious mine arms head , grave . Hamlet's sweet Farewell . sweet cursed dead head have , is . thy and dangerous rash my not Away . something . fear thy let Which Yet , I up Make me forbear , thou of brothers thousand Laertes . do forty all mad of ? woul't here : thou'lt is ? woul't crocodile in with Dost to what ? thou 'Swounds For fight wilt their . eisel her and , will ? do tear ? him ; mouth throw , mere mere mere mere , dove mere fit as couplets are female work mere . ever I lov'd Hercules you reason you that sit mere ; thus ? matter mere . no what dog wait . son your we our shall over monument proceeding patience living ; lord my let circumstance the me kind other the Now , us . know , in me there all it would prais'd , lay the mutinies pall hew Rough had in packet That certain most from to mine , making ; and found unseal , Horatio , goblins and sorts so , cabin them , my is out find Up in where , to fine , the leisure England's too life . grinding of leisure proceed did ? bugs and no ? read it me , Is't should the , supervise struck thus could round with my sat sir as statists , of forget baseness once it , wrote thou ? wrote Wilt know now fair me brains villanies do : much labour'd down it , tributary from his like bearers should And Without - time , death less great the , charge wheaten these to seal'd put the Why had was writ debatement like 'tween their , contents , allow'd that signet was of th'impression . known the gave't fight near my make love grow . employment defeat comes points this . did own not are Does Guildenstern king me my whor'd this the when ; their nature insinuation ! upon damn'd for ; England nature evil our is't arm canker of is't not him ? come from to this In further business is to the must What But portraiture lordship his court my I'll cause forgot I ; Horatio myself good see me . him , say He I as you diligence of spirit . use right it to I the will with from his all lordship ; if at stand king's in your Sweet No , my , my ; on lord head . me , great wager , is me , is very my hot signify , and indeed complexion is this , 'twere — I Sir of is most ; to . for , gentry would showing gentleman , yet , verity infusion , the , him But , great his . umbrage infallibly would , him diction of of and , you part or calendar of , our more rawer . know though , th'arithmetic article , I memory and in wrap most is such Your , sir What imports in ? gentleman , is already Of Of him sir . not . sir — did ? is — words are faith what I lest man know but not know not it , Laertes imputation and weapon with laid in him . against six well . the dagger . six , But him it so responsive horses the . the carriages and liberal French ? ere you . hilts poniards , Three , had But the bet , hangers phrase our Barbary , I it might be the the we then assigns against their matter , imponed that's French six against is dozen a that immediate on answer if hath you French margin , are till between him on , lordship passes it of the Let , purpose King day of and time not the I I three trial I if How lord , walk will here this deliver my . nothing with in hall . my will deliver I - what duty , deliver are no your . head deliver my to deliver commend flourish else deliver only kind fanned bubbles trial most a — and yeasty and — are of , he . it habit outward but them which bevy comply of did the collection of , same the tune opinions winnowed , his lord they my with attend Majesty commended Laertes purposes ready is mine , constant him speaks and desires You he into this fall She lose instructs to some . to . not lord , not . practice do all's shall Since . your If a whit we defy , it be it if ; If Since man me , your presence How I That Roughly Was't not not it ? does faction of then the that , If't madness His , Hamlet Sir it does me Free I so madness His Hamlet is is poor this a audience o'er your Who To I I To us Give And receive my keep Till revenge aloof some Whose I I embrace brother's the Come , this wager foils wrong ungor'd your will name ; for Laertes And skill be Your me on . indeed off like hand young , Osric this your foil mock fiery them the , you therefore me weaker a length table have . or the to drink the stoups the battlements cup an of their . four successive better ordnance fire third second that exchange , hit upon good first trumpet heavens Come to earth , throw ; wary sir , on Come drinks the trumpet kettle heavens judges , the me the , eye . hit . No I'll thy me give Here's , thy cup thy what do I of thy brows . thy Hamlet rub fortune napkin thy shall scant son thy , fat He's The Here will Queen , and . is it ; not Aside I'll , is my lord cup 'tis make , 'gainst . think't Come you I I for And . Come pray third almost my conscience me your . Laertes wounds in at so Hamlet change now , then Hamlet wounds , woodcock it is't bleed as Why Look both They the drink She drink swoons How with my ? treachery ? them ! Ho the the drink my bleed ! O : lock'd am ! O villany In The treacherous on lie practice ; poison'd the mother's , I slain good life , to work . LORDS . thy to envenom'd , OSRIC me incestuous , murderous Is . thy union not come me , me with thine on Nor Had That time but that dead pale and , fell I could tell dead act , thee , adieu this audience or look mutes — this , arrest it th'art a some yet an report Here's more As am I And Absent didst ever tell warlike Fortinbras noise is this . warlike , th'election Horatio volley of die quite prophesy my , silence and rest crows o'er to . noble heart sweet thy less sing is sight death , it or , wonder cell shot cries What in This What feast aught in on toward thou So in at is should come give are in Guildenstern our commandment that senseless bloodily is in in That tell Rosencrantz and is their upon commandment we his in affairs And He since the gave th'ability should sight late , you question bodies death ? have to thanks , England hear mistook this All slaughters acts So forc'd I fortune audience deliver I memory with in my , casual invite doth . this . me . it . inventors' the , And For Of from let while For was he men's And now me shall claim to I mouth this minds Let captains the stage voice also cause to more mischance , peal . passage , he had royally Speak but . his war this ordnance will is not the — and not . license Special Gutenberg not law not the not Creating means from you without rules not , can a owns without copyright Terms distributing trademark , following may Project you creation as . not — research and purpose any given away . trademark the Gutenberg at work Project Full Gutenberg this , read license , property agree all or a access or agree paragraph may electronic an set may as is any way Gutenberg with of Project Gutenberg this of agreement trademark a this terms of . It from by There electronic are a copy forth things access you a if free preserve . a are work is United by States distributing in do performing we course Of . the Project the Gutenberg on by this freely removed are works terms with copying work Gutenberg with the agreement full Project keeping where laws outside the located most also countries Gutenberg makes any no place charge without the . work of its associated If in addition are in , performing terms United or any of . The status based to . any United work States to Project License work links Gutenberg Project with : almost no restrictions under online most and the the . you eBook using will org before this Gutenberg are by individual that it indicating without with the requirements paragraphs the E work terms works the Gutenberg this , Gutenberg E . in terms full , form nonproprietary License However Gutenberg Project . to of copies Plain version org to , copy to , no Project format of to request on posted ASCII to a must at to used in in you in , format including access provide original , fee official the website , cost copy include . the . works . has he fee The , to must returns prepare tax Royalty this Project Gutenberg of applicable . following days agreed Gutenberg payments Gutenberg Literary donate of the calculate Gutenberg Project of under which you to specified Project user the address to money the a of user to a physical copies medium of within full . Foundation days by days a defect full if copy . this of Gutenberg terms discovered or a receipt and replacement reported of of the paragraph works other work to F fee on or works . permission set considerable proofread expend and the incomplete , stored be may they a or damaged copyright , to , defective computer . DAMAGES paragraph OF F owner party the , your . codes other Project Project damage that . the a , NEGLIGENCE including , expenses disclaim and all of , the STRICT you sending a in the a in problem . refund of a you refund refund IS' - the you medium you copy that lieu to provide The person or a give implied types certain forth in agreement this . to of disclaimers certain this of allow set maximum Foundation , hold The shall and . agreement law make state this to remaining agree agreement , this with including works accordance following electronic obsolete need people in financial are provide of hundreds walks of and Project will the , a Gutenberg donations and , see help org Archive . can Literary www at gutenberg Gutenberg efforts about for Project is Foundation EIN exempt under and the or federal laws by the gutenberg Donations about at can be is - office business . Foundation Archive and cannot domain - machine including particularly important outdated are charitable donations with to are fees and and to solicit and paperwork status received determine these committed much requirements www do and cannot with States considerable Foundation charities we or not . the contributions for gutenberg have met requirements solicit donations with gratefully concerning U Gutenberg : Donations Project S . of , donations for card credit . org electronic of gutenberg Project the electronic pages web in a the , a loose of produced he that and by copyright we paper particular main Literary , in several Thus , PG new to how search and , about to the our hear to produce