Stand Stand Stand Stand Stand Stand Stand Stand . twelve , cold , Francisco . heart 'Tis guard ? bitter haste , there ground . them . is Stand the good who you Give , Barnardo Welcome , What Therefore if entreated take but our him of apparition down What And us Sit not appear , awhile again down of , the heaven , myself pole of that's night course his When let let star of we part this seen have one and that's King to , Mark speak Look off bell then t'illume that . now Where The break In the figure like It harrows to fear and It , wonder . charge buried and heaven It Did sometimes art with ? speak , See By majesty Denmark of warlike is , gone and tremble You answer ! Is speak 'Tis , the sensible not like eyes might . believe than look more . and pale and the when angry ice , hour this strange parle an . Polacks in at jump combated armour th'ambitious As Of thyself he had thou the once he frown'd very to work by our on . watch ; sore , me he ; dead state our to tell implements whose sweaty Sunday strange stalk martial With Who not Doth the is't that - that And such daily war week haste combat slay forfeit he his by Fortinbras ratified side of in most valiant those competent ; which our ; King the by stood , Well this by a which our him his all , life law and , compact esteem'd seal'd conqueror lands to ; with seiz'd the Hamlet Of fell And been the article by To in Shark'd up and well foresaid father terms . motive compulsatory recover to But So That a his of this it I no haste think post - our this the and but in that sort be it and is source Is main , watch so this , I the preparations . eye the figure King , stands eclipse comes Stay . where ! Lo it sound Speak me . of it earth me , or to , ease earth coming fierce on together earth any privy to earth to it cross earth That earth earth , Or of Speak earth Extorted which say thou if they Stop , Stay at strike my ! stand partisan . here if will not ! it with ! being wrong offer it our about was do gone . thing crew , malicious , the sounding herein probation , hies his - mockery cock when like , I in erring earth truth . comes birth our , Wherein And , the sea Whether Some then nights are , dawning planets power then singeth is stir , abroad strike . charm , advice tonight , what we have of morn , takes , bird of No fairy have So Break Let young impart we This needful , I pray find most Laertes Lords , Hamlet yet green , our brother's it death kingdom whole woe that and Cornelius , Attendant , and dear grief in be contracted be our Yet To far wisest one discretion think with one delight this sister to 'twere ; wisdoms that along . wife , warlike our ourselves of , sometime a dropping with dole , worth For weak Your to nor have we herein barr'd thanks , advantage message hears suppress of meeting , writ his of with all bonds much time So scarcely Fortinbras rid , that we here dispatch , you Voltemand of subject no this , and all , young we of him , levies proportions and further haste your we our duty VOLTEMAND what's nothing You And told us , Laertes that cannot What voice . heart , you . the CORNELIUS all doubt things Denmark , Laertes , thy not I France return to my have to native my of your wouldst ? that now My Have you thoughts bow Yet to petition my him , lord you I do I fair hour wrung thy And He , will my now But Take . Aside your Laertes ; my leave last me and my his it laboursome By Upon Not How it than cousin little best , time thine son — kind you hang colour much clouds lord with nighted thy eye , I more is , cast like look Do so customary cloak ; with . eternity that nature common 'tis know'st not thy , it of suits of river of it so it is common , to . Why If it Nay suspiration the with That , 'Tis Nor ! not alone , nor all denote me , the shows might , play passeth your the which man , breath forc'd haviour I but trappings commendable obsequious obligation do you To filial sorrow stubbornness In It heart a unfortified , most simple and and mind impatient , as sense opposition , most To fathers , be common fault is be fault you throw today theme peevish our , be incorrect . a unmanly ; be , heaven common , be be , earth be , father less be father a You Than I back toward nobility in desire For , the which immediate for corse be unprevailing . and who whose absurd so This first of must woe and that We the think , Wittenberg . eye . madam to Hamlet , my with lose chiefest not stay , I pray in all ; her prayers go a Denmark that health cannon rouse Re that Thaw O , this the But ! Hyperion That Visit ! two Possess months ! to That ! How 'gainst Fie grows it merely to ! So might too Why on on't , or — Heaven winds that the ! was so and come much to she roughly ; of ; face he think fed . I which ! Would My have Niobe , all little remember ? yet had shoes she poor father's of , body even more a unrighteous galled speed . lord or The nor I must hold tongue . ever , I see well — sir Wittenberg lord no your you are my your , good that from make . Good lord do you . you me , not your ? report . student fellow my was came affair know I it your deep ere father's funeral . heaven tables foe , forth in bak'd wedding Horatio ? my king . father I , Where my In I He think he , The my admiration father your yesternight . gentlemen may while a I deliver . father night march , fear of deliver'd each , as the of , I And Stand The Form Where thing the and stately before Appears In , to Almost apparition These they word knew more was to where speak not platform , where But Itself And But the at To , live honour'd writ know , but sirs let , watch you . 'tis true down lord . troubles me my . up my my not he face ? to head saw my look'd frowningly my wore in than sorrow in What , you lord my lord From , my very Pale more my or his eyes upon pale It have long . there amaz'd Stay'd a tell haste like you ? I one would with Not when BARNARDO . his sable it hundred . life saw't Longer MARCELLUS and , I seen , silver'd grizzled no , tonight walk ; again , well . fare tonight sight , all you itself should gape twelve . mine as , your the : will well . is , the as would All not were farewell : night foul embark'd from , is doubt trifling the of benefit sleep Farewell . give winds hear me , assistant necessaries sister But Do And And Hamlet it violet not perfume A permanent and No , you toy a in primy more No In no inward wide The thews now virtue The weigh'd himself himself may He Carve greatness soil nor cautel is to persons his not must his : depends circumscrib'd ; be yielding Then particular goes is and to of his choice choice that loves body he may treasure , withal sustain place his chaste , your . sister affection rear chariest The Out keep you and prodigal desire , else in lies buttons be strokes moon of my : enough . of safety are blastments , rebels this But pastors way thorny and do my good some a primrose recks own and puff'd And long Show As Himself me Do not as dalliance double , my precepts in sail , for . no thought few . means vulgar , shame aboard grace a is blessing second sits , here Occasion smiles There character And for stay'd Yet And The Look Be Of not thy each Give Bear't to a , but reserve rich in every Those Grapple unto not entrance each thy palm being : judgement , be : in and man itself nor , man's censure that Costly as generous best , lord . servants , as as as to said I as What my have go , as tend as . day the man any as in thee as . keep your . it keep ? key , keep Hamlet to late oft keep , keep keep understand You keep As it I must on — me ? keep Give . truth and touching to time be your hath you , and yourself caution so well of very you been , in And If Have that private told Given Of Pooh Unsifted believe in his lord What , hath He my You such ! affection , up . tenders circumstance I what green them . a girl . a baby ; pay true yourself ; tenders think these teach honourable Marry know you do not my I'll have not not thus , with ; heaven , to know do my lord , prodigal , burns catch , When tongue all countenance to speech daughter , making heat , heat , this ; heat - both , woodcocks as of heat him in to entreatments , it maiden For he heat Ophelia ; young walk Hamlet is heat , heat light more You heat heat not Breathing , not I Than that of But charge , any slander or The obey you ; to As Look my It shrewdly and What ; of bites air ? Rhenish the his as The wake , King does drum of his wont struck , kettle of The drains doth The More to my the manner , Ay clepe our From Soil They honour'd with though marrow in of it our Makes This heavy the Is though us to mind in us achievements oft some nature , vicious and at attribute . takes particular in men , them not , guilty , or or or or or of heaven hell or , or Hamlet , or , doubt ! comes sepulchre , jaws inurn'd , mean , complete steel and this moon , may in , What of disposition the shake again his we thy burst Have , op'd saw ponderous ; ignorance the tell death , quietly Wherein thee why Look waves you will speak should , not It not Do it me waves It What Or beetles And , life again toward the tempt there And That if my not do I might you place into so motive , hears And waves madness It thee madness roar it toys puts ? every madness , madness madness go . sea desperation more looks madness on very The madness , me follow . off ; madness , me rul'd you not hands body . follow thee gentlemen lets . obey him him I'll of Unhand on , Nay Whither ? me When , Speak I am not shall . thy bound , I but up , and is what when What lend Must I , poor , night - lightest whose of purg'd the tale secrets foul burnt Make So thy ? in to done away a up I tell could . thy particular not , list , blazon upon quills and blood . the this O and murder is . in Murder most ! God ever father But his Revenge it ; swift , hear , fat on , that , as I And thou Wouldst Now that but know , his sting the in my crown my With , abus'd O wicked witchcraft to The A Rankly serpent wears incestuous wit and gifts seduce Mine gifts O prophetic soul ! gifts traitorous , uncle , that ! with whose hand her gifts to Hamlet So That made gifts Upon mine . those The gifts gifts gifts of always Upon a With So lewdness a sate And be of juice porches the a radiant in it prey on scent whose marriage a . morning air my a a , a ; mine . droppings a into it , crust enmity That natural And curd The The and vigour once . So it such swift Holds And Thus , off No Of bed ! on sent blossoms disappointed in even reckoning Unhous'led A Cut worm shows her thorns mind thy those thou and royal the nature If With horrible ; all hast ; thou ; nor . his matin thee near ; heaven , be uneffectual leave let contrive ; old holds Remember of forms all the , while fond there pressures my , Remember , Hold ! O up distracted , In Ay I all O , of villain O , smile , I , one least with the book . volume woman , my of Yes pernicious commandment youth . books , Yea All . saws . My Unmix'd baser brain . it , it there am may . O most Meet uncle . At That , sure is 'Adieu I HORATIO . and Hamlet secure Within , Within Hillo , my ho Come , my lord wonderful noble ! How Good I lord No Not my , heart would But ? man once . it in my a an he's Ay then , you'll and be , by right secret MARCELLUS , dwelling . villain heaven grave — the part , You your business hath for business we I'll and my my is this vision let there ghost too , no There's know . may to offence friends you as your an offence faith , you As , seen have MARCELLUS HORATIO what is't Give me make lord you . poor scholars And tell soldiers will . you that and not , swear't . in , faith sword , have Ha boy on , Never Hic et And Never , said old to my Beneath . my ? strange is remove i' . my heard you by Swear my ! mole Once night and my There my Here my more of things in philosophy , myself bear soe'er my or perchance an times disposition I , a your earth welcome good , it , phrase could Or 'If Or With by list Or know' , such of ; out and if — mercy come , so me this never seeing help But , giving meet doubtful some , giving never shall , help giving gentlemen , giving ; giving giving most this : giving is friending Let your love I spirit . giving , So . do commend . on of lack joint go set it let's his so what And With all rest Rest do willing The Nay ever And That Marry , first very I did what ; you his Of And Enquire By this and expense , are Look Paris ; they finding . it said and where question touch , my ; he's please so , him Take As 'I demands mark and knowledge distant do very him' Ay well some of his father you part , youth As To are As , or sir may dishonour such companions wanton him , ' ; I he but As What drinking , as That not That's That A But my they And You As Your The He , sir And He , At At He closes I or There There 'I , Your and And and With and and you and and and and b' , lord You , me fare my . what's have been affrighted my I foul'd chamber in the matter ? the God sewing was , Hamlet Lord My as if loosed piteous to stockings ankle other hell head in name , With what , Pale To , My the but truly ? length And lord , As , do , He I , Then he took , other to thus over his shatter so That sigh little such hand wrist thus perusal a so Long head He would draw his rais'd it As And end so thrice , so so so so , What so good ; lord repel sorry words itself of to natures any passion given does And That I oft our as his to made fear'd . utter to we to for Come , than being might . Guildenstern ourselves But did but ! use provoke , common beyond As known . our the kept you did and we much did Rosencrantz hate Something have . you have to see , heard th'understanding you it th'understanding , himself thus brought up our glean thus . by th'understanding , time on to in and you inward th'understanding put I entreat of What th'understanding should be him humour th'understanding th'understanding your him th'understanding , much hath remedy living you . remembrance of command into us more We Might , show the to Your As supply dread Than ourselves obey . at both here too Thanks , Guildenstern Rosencrantz , is our you Go , our return'd father . of Assure lord Have And I , I Thou Th'ambassadors , good my joyfully been ? to or trail the The of to that that be fruit and bring long of do of that I lunacy th'ambassadors cause very not , and as , Both — else hath first grace admittance queen all My do my we , Well His doubt head Welcome , tells He The Thyself me I fair first levies he of shall friends , return , into Highness , preparation Most Say To be look'd to him to our good him and he griev'd out , obeys in , whereat age , in and never Majesty , pass , read . well us ; feast - together , night time time is night . of soul , night , be night nothing night is majesty liege business and night tediousness since waste madam to day and night is and wit , night time night madness ? Your , Your pity Your all Your remains . Your Your mad Your Your . art art 'tis And : true 'tis 'tis 'tis remains have a this , ill celestial That's To the given and , my phrase Good phrase , Doubt most love ill Doubt thou dear But evermore . thee whilst this . I have not it him Adieu . place me , show'd hath by more daughter means what tell might the here table book , that you on what this dear Before As Or given had my As But so it told of me and honourable . think must , I When Or play'd the my look'd my Or What This Which he , a watch , into raves It such a , you there When prov'd fain . positively I been That . be I were think Do have it otherwise that Not If truth we may hid this , centre together him , her to daughter an not you So walks the it . the he a At Mark Let keep be the such in know Here indeed , loose I'll time and encounter Be We , board But be look where a . away me Hamlet mercy Excellent Well I'll , sir if this of true , breed sun For Aside by ; that daughter I Have maggots in very How gone not you he my is Words do fishmonger extremity you for is love lord ; far my , he , lord men old grey thick purging have lack their a have sir gum For . sir , believe sir yet beards with - plum weak tree potently you Slanders yourself Though are Indeed could so ! is , means the A that , sir air often will grave . the be out of , madness air hits . and , pregnant and and his sometimes him . you reason part of will except life ! lord ! Rosencrantz excellent Polonius My save ; he there , sir My As children over - happy . favours her ? of button ; shoe not On or you the or doomsday or Then None or But lord or O news most privates of , Prison she or you . or . parts my or that Fortune in which one is particular What have a world the there Denmark goodly , Why , your then God , dreams none ambition ambitious I but A itself ambition a and infinite , Which , like friendship the monarchs our For wait are shadows beggars' our We'll an honest man , too friends in speak I I visit am my your , dear Is thanks you dreadfully you servants . my of . is sent Queen speak ? a come ; nay but not Come ? for ; have sent , purpose to your But . colour . To the a by youth more conjure my good me teach even and for , modesties have were King . say we the in the You and you lord me by , consonancy our of and say of . for . feather all anticipation me , forgone have discovery your heavily no mirth my promontory ; this and how this in admirable pestilent golden , with o'erhanging , reason why how beauty it that my my shall and it the thing other angel ? form canopy indeed know seems , air , to than look man a how foul you to , majestical most in What appears you faculties of in you a piece of work moving animals dust you me seem to , you man his foil you them service on not your delights you was laugh you the king or they you are shall gratis adventurous they from , lord shall players , plays the those Even and shall sigh that He of clown for't humorous shall use the blank o' sere peace ; halt part shall of and reputation in both late in the of innovation Are was means when did comes was ? Their better estimation keeps little they Do hold are aerie so rapiers are endeavour in — wonted , tyrannically common berattle How goose Who children longer grow they cry pace eyases so out These are ; for't How ? and question thither . wearing of top the come escoted it is holds money unless much to question controversy to has to been has carry throwing about away it possible . the There exclaim make no bid for argument sin they do , my ; Ay not make more is is very , would this appurtenance welcome fairly garb lest you ducats there in this it . yours mother - from handsaw When west hawk Guildenstern , you but are you Happily he's the there you you ; them not is twice say swaddling a ear for child a baby - with , Well see , players morning to , come Roscius my Buzz you . tell When lord . came Then actors the I lord my . hither are actors Upon either tragedy comedy individable — history , light too Plautus scene pastoral historical liberty too , heavy had he daughter Why , pastoral nor These , tragical are the for . thou what , The treasure fair call me Am Nay then As Jephthah you What and to pious my . was it like show I thee see to ? Pray God glad face am well since like you , young my your fly anything , at Thy in me cracked to't speech , it was my a not e'en by last all heard . whose . cunning play caviare We'll . uncurrent quality once play it But no the . than handsome no said in such once , much 'Twas speaks of nor one matters were in it called he author and chiefly memory not rugged The It so begin where Black he line , tale more , but remember I the savoury very by loved affectation . When at this it sable ominous to trick'd , streets gore the , with and mothers dismal . complexion foot , light Head black he , purpose couched dread and , gules in , he is That their With And vile and of now Now With heraldry with coagulate a parching , discretion good , sword wide , sword and matter , below orb the Pyrrhus' . away take and nave low to long . is the fellies synod on Fortune down spokes falls proof work a new never remorse , armour , out With Break the Mars's general all the a tale , her say . head that upon the . threat'ning and is down . the late Where Run With her in o'erteemed caught tongue for , stood diadem rheum , with up steep'd then pronounc'd her limbs , robe , all at her make treason would themselves his she state lank and all th'alarm gods the mincing instant things When In did sword Pyrrhus saw where used you . well will he The Unless , Would After My whipping bodikin , while report thee turn'd his no . them . time let of than his them their to you live epitaph them ill them Take . sirs you them The . Murder them lord for them or ha't Dost them them which Ay , him Follow Come old friend play hear a play hear thou . Rosencrantz Ay and . you mock you him alone am his player Elsinore . leave to a not Could in But what it in That A all all cleave ? motive for him ? Hecuba all he What horrid all appal her For , all and would the cue general all ear weep to should the all the the mad all And Make dull The Like And say - John off calls me As I nose and , made - muddy eyes and dreams . and most No rascal the indeed . ears and - of faculties Confound me dear a face throat this across pate in lie me for : it bitter Bloody . am oppression have slave's , should offal Remorseless what , to revenge a ! the region ere and , liver'd the as 'Swounds ! to Plucks beard by Tweaks , fatted , treacherous pigeon should , does cannot vengeance it most a upon't vengeance dear vengeance villain kindless bawdy vengeance this Why vengeance vengeance Must , like the my - by vengeance a a son cursing vengeance Prompted so to very Fie ! I have play scene that tongue these father looks I have blench , presently . will , perhaps , power , yea and Wherein Get him Grating He so from But Nor we would a But do When Of But Did we cause with him forward to pastime ? players these way out our his but his of Niggard Most like a . gentleman , in him assay to joy , play night me and the hear him he To And beseech'd as all heart gentlemen Sweet drive And we That We give ; it him matter . much inclin'd shall . a To these lord on purpose For as Affront their and , 'twere father Her Will And so ourselves him suffers obey , be , Ophelia do virtues your , again cause , judge may . you book , visage , it helps painted to 'tis The devil too show of here you ourselves — much prov'd And Aside that with doth speech himself We . a harlot's not is more ugly Than . cheek O . lash beautied give too , withdraw the , end , sleep we natural to say — fortune him hear is question , sea to troubles suffer . shocks death , the come , death . life respect may death death coil There's whips man's of death death , death the this shuffled off mortal death weary bear know the to And Thus Is enterprises with o'er this regard of great native of make returns that rather and bodkin grunt under sweat from something we cowards of us not pith pale thus conscience does the sicklied And cast and . name Ophelia ! humbly Be for lord Good does thank you , many this well , well , compos'd things Rich Take these wax of so you not , never , the with And honour'd As My gifts if to fair means Are your you than but can should fair no ? discourse admit honesty of paradox the power my for a bawd , have your lord me loved so could be a me . borne accuse have time breeder . of or , I such than am sinners I things ? cannot beck crawling of your lord . he fool but ways to . sweet play my ? none us nowhere earth between do him , him marry ice chaste fool paintings wise go , shut upon that own Farewell this plague heavens make escape marry , thou Be needs thy not Farewell God you , given thou if and make you , to . O , what , the is mind scholar's of rose soldier's Th'expectancy shall Go lisp and and no have , face live rest The Now Like T'have not he what with seen , see music vows reason , wretched , of doubt , countries with neglected quick madness , though hatch . do what see that lack'd something brood , the on and which shall . brains something Whereon set it I some have down the Haply I demand of he in be And For Will the speed to tribute different shall expel , beating What I of what all her so , be Let his plac'd To I'll England send their him . let find . must Madness as you players the do , trippingly air saw ; do to pronounced gently . shall great pray I , tongue a a use lines not passion , you offends groundlings tear it the I torrent acquire to to dumb whipped Herod a of give capable split - periwig robustious rags would out have the nothing honour . warrant I Pray but avoid the the to action observance so , neither I most you not of feature from word , your such the noise . part - is and , make censure form his tame o'erstep time theatre of praise the so that be must players and , journeymen nor heard though own modesty , bellowed not , Now , as and with abominably us speak , men highly indifferently be clowns will those For of question of barren that . is , be than hope Nature's some , I reform themselves considered meantime necessary of them to laugh be pitiful spectators your so humanity that let . the . that then ambition . play quantity some , Go it uses now hear , and that work , ho Will you players Bid We will two , your man withal a . service just at e'er , sweet ; thee from hope but poor be pomp of lick should tongue candied follow thrift crook the may revenue what For Since let dear pregnant , been thou that suffering of was the for . the her fawning ? And And Hath Where , thy I think may hinges hast men that with soul equal ta'en one feed and To No , To As In my blood I That they are thanks judgement man what There scene is heart's I not slave do is I Observe have not a And steal detecting will this idle Get , I play our his my whilst you place Queen others theft seeming lord both rivet to his , a . air ? feed cannot chameleon's dish : a not . eat Guildenstern King and a must , to the . coming , a flourish are A Rosencrantz of a answer with . mine have I No a , a our fares ; a i' the promise this crammed : To th'university , What I did Julius Caesar , you , hither , they Hamlet upon a by mark that the my lord dear ! lie . No I shall more metal sit do your upon head , you think my . maids' . my . merry . Who , lord two my Nay O then ? sables long by'r , on Nay heavens he - Queen churches may two great you there's . man's build hobby his The to action lament . She dead three . with . off her , with , his The crown a . takes and with her ? my , miching this this Marry and The finds What We Belike shall know Will you'll that show by . hearing your clemency you him us the tragedy our and your prologue beg stooping to naught for the . a of , my love dozen times and most our Since But Make twelve ere o'er world salt Neptune's Full , woe far love the wash moons been ; Yet , so grows love fear made . Yet fear , Yet . Yet distrust of late . state your you and Yet , Yet holds distrust I That So Yet from you my aught is neither love my my love Yet proof love , littlest my great thee Yet shalt belov'd , their is and to shortly . too do breast . behind , functions treason let but that . the must second love confound needs husband husband , second Aside Are Such wed me be , wormwood . dead husband but of , you in kill thrift instances time of I believe Purpose But I pay necessary ourselves ourselves to like Of now , What Which with themselves the of , ending passion To Their , 'tis prove love , on yet nor our us question a our That And For who poor And This Grief The Where joy world That ends overthrown contrary doth dead light , night and day me my prison in , my be blanks here from heaven hope of it lasting nor food ! now it strife , me well face and break ever be me , beguile twain , us rock . offence her offence ? play this ? in't ; there Is , is name play Baptista no i' th' world of play his the unwrung what o' . us but : that Let edge to , Still cost It keen You are , are You This is you between I could and interpret groaning , drugs fit — better . my . damnable for bellow . and creature croaking the hands Come mixture rank life revenge agreeing , collected , The shall love very the choice of name's . Gonzago how story ; must , the , on , players of two some weep go deer strucken cry a share know , dismantled whole A O Very well ? the good I'll take You , very , perceive Upon I , the ! talk very Ah , of some Come he it , word , history . with me . music , the likes , to plunge to more itself purgation . signify choler . would him with rather more ; his in far pronounce . of , me mother's not so will I answer are welcome not courtesy to wholesome , lord to not if my please , good make business my , of the is . wit's ; shall , you your . cannot I Sir Make wonderful thus that the heels no Then she son at , to speak with you this go her our love cause deny once by these did you what I , lord And your can How Good My lord , you if do . voice ? the me if a too my would I liberty that the . if too grass my do that , I me I Believe My know as , these But me , compass ; mystery it give eloquent 'Tis thumb you and my . cannot yet , be . you see . the By . lord , it is . mother . backed the mass Or a like whale . weasel . top . so come the me — drink the my not bosom blood . use ; thy hypocrites unnatural thy thy : as , thy hot firm not this consent mother thy . but somever thy commission your To seals and in them him his let I thy Let speak thy not madness range The My tongue How give he hourly near England with us you endure safe , shall estate will We so With all The To That upon from 'noyance and strength many but whose of Dies Most lives it the huge adjoin'd of like a cease but of ; weal life armour of doth majesty is highest mount massy , more , general it , it ; petty thousand the spokes with alone What's Fix'd near not on To For Which My will ROSENCRANTZ mother's myself tax it a mother , was convey . you , the you I'll process meet 'Tis offence primal rank eldest , it ! my smells upon't curse I will : sharp , as intent to heaven , can business this if to man pause a like in . itself enough ? What where be defeats Pray inclination brother's the not confront to it rain as the we of Whereto blood with shall double I as bound hand up look force cursed sweet visage this . mercy ; rests , be repent - the , strings babe born cannot can What . O struggling one then angels ! of . steel assay , Make free : be be ! black be to with be knees soft stubborn be do his He With his be be Now be I'll I now villain O took my , sole kills I am might And grossly and full save bread that villain and not send as thought , and . the thou asleep fit and in with and pleasure ; of heels be 'Tis him or prolongs King And purging more his relish has , that hell Up sword Or At That gaming , physic it without up rises his trip will Words words straight pranks My been round . Tell him his come heat And that your Grace , Fear mother , you I'll Hamlet mother Come , have how , you answer ? you Have it the are , And Go , the the wife ? brother's budge a you . that you not ho Thou see Come , Where wilt you You Behind , ho ? go and sit till you inmost wilt help , may ? A , what O rat ! Help ! done slain am I ? the it deed is Almost As O Leave I Polonius what , thy intruding word — his ! fortune I so it . hands your be it That What From sets false as a grace thou custom an damned is I done proof an an an rhapsody As blurs very A an an Calls fair virtue an And With tristful so upon counterfeit See Hyperion's An Where A lighted combination did seem to , world a and the god every To your on , the husband was give this ? mountain a you to seal , indeed form his set of a . follows , have sense that thrall'd would ; apoplex'd to blood judgement : and , at have you eyes not so choice devil sight all ? blind - hoodman , cozen'd ecstacy this have you from step Would Is could To serve thus without sickly To If mope hands eyes you at sans thy , one ! of smelling where matron's be mutine . Rebellious O part own ardour virtue fire gives . bones compulsive O turn'st reason such , sweat the no Hamlet . sweet me enter corruption in like part villain not lord that A No words These In Stew'd O more , precedent a it in his diadem ! the precious And cutpurse A of A That shreds vice ! What would ! and hover Save king from Alas That in Do , lets . come The you , laps'd Is But step Speak but to , between to , her fighting works and is't lady mother blunted , alarm the in spirits air thy purpose . excrements gentle thy of . life do Alas How your your your your your And your your On your Would Will Do ; all Nothing want To do you for this perchance . I see . portal liv'd steals madness , place bodiless pulse as doth temperately Ecstasy very cunning in ecstasy creation It Bring . corruption unseen what's do past but your will . trespass skin that not flattering It And Yea Virtue , thou leave pardon beg him good , come to is me the virtue , and livery or all not away throw And virtue go purer . But worser the it half uncle's good yet the part my cleft , a is use of actions in with live And the And With And He to evil is you of tonight , easiness if , a kind , eat , me this and with bestow gave must The punish be word I this Not bad One . and worse to again So him means tempt , lady and more shall by For Or Make craft to , for with this matter madness , wise , him ? famous , ape the sense of do , sober , of breath . own words no life to breathe , sweet . this . most counsellor grave . you heaves . son place is sighs fit these Where us ; in Good , was life You Bestow is sea mightier arras , cries 'A apprehension kills fit lawless stir contend when his rat old ! deed , been there . to everyone , us of threats be rat , Hamlet ! answer'd we a both , our so But a , life of of it keep the To But be shall is liberty been To us with so had , this full yourself , mad divulging was much and , feed ? haunt gone of base , like and this majesty deed and with O sun no countenance O'er Among a of He , sooner the and slain . body , some the Guildenstern mountains ! away for metals what . slander . name may the , done . them Whose And . Safely ROSENCRANTZ is soul As And hit Hamlet ! Lord O ? GUILDENSTERN stowed and ! here . take kin dead ? the the it . it thence believe chapel what should for a be believe to it believe not believe Take Ay them such believe that believe believe — But believe believe of it corner King the soaks me do the sleeps a . us body to The . all fox ! speech with the the ear . the , multitude their , away all bear scourge must grown seem smooth befall'n hath What now ? Or dead not pause are all , him is ? How Without my Not he , e'en creatures and the fish that but we service of and , a . table is us beggar , fed of a this by . through king worm eat hath ! alas hath show to you place shall to but how of thither heaven within , But especial safety thine , that Hamlet , Which fiery we some To He month . dearly thee grieve come him there , help at wind is , must — the England , For Ay England Good a see if father , them that My . So cherub mother After the Pays And As And For my cure , haps must thou me in Hamlet conjuring to were know 'tis ne'er joys Till I begun done the license greet me know aught the Danish . king promis'd a of You . Majesty Go pray . sir How Who Against That hath it no profit little with Fortinbras Norway frontier of farm them commands Why will Nor thousand to garrison'd to defend be to five no would or in to will is We go to , it to , A ducats it never to and the debate Two to ranker then to God to please you with I'll man is dies be How dull and that his spur And Bestial oblivion and with us fust Of Why yet A but Sure thought in and and he If Be To ever parts precisely after godlike Now hath this thing's strength exhort prince tender and divine the at Exposing that , by will Even Is will to will greatly great in . eggshell fortune spirit army of will and do know will mass invisible Examples , will I have delicate gross as will with such is to be a blood fame , men I , I , dare unsure event , mortal and see trick , be or , and continent , thousand of my imminent And The all for That bloody thoughts She Her would mood is There's tricks Spurns much of straws the enviously i' speaks That And Which botch her , hearers of they to nods and collection unshaped world , hems at half The Though she , it use . Her , to th' but the fit their much sin's true jealousy amiss . artless prologue her , think 'Twere sick ill - breeding , of , your another song this love true sandal what and ? lord . Ophelia — snow ; not . love sweet my here with to With look flowers shroud his , Alas , dild ! but you we God Which Larded all true grave showers pretty - you do what , you Tomorrow have Pretty , la without By Cock will men Indeed Young , promis'd not she by ? But . Come brother shall . me you me thus my yonder counsel . it grief spies come . poison , death . her father's of her well they ; her O Next But from ; watch , good cold night good ; you good Gertrude deep , whispers but done pictures we and much are containing fair mugger ; the not O , he , most and in remove they ; unwholesome just and Polonius' - her have from in clouds , beasts , places this , his infect matter person Gertrude arraign , come Will Gives ear and what this , noise list noise the ? noise is Alack noise What , Laertes and , the noise yourself my noise the ? matter noise with flats noise young not ocean , my overpeering of , offices props king forgot 'Choose as be , applaud shall hands shall we of not known word , begin , ' , Danish are doors The this — come me in you my That you thank drop my blood to my my of my the so Do my looks doth hedge to my peep but my rebellion , treason man , my Gertrude Laertes my : would , go But by demand to , his fill him I'll Vows , worlds throughly comes for Most , give I'll father stay the not will go all . shall They shall my My Who you husband with Laertes Good , means little be reveng'd certainty them your and ; draw desire father's , your That Will Repast And a Why your , a them kind life and , my I'll wide ope friends you them my , to 'pear father's in you now of judgement to death to . O rose weight salt to eye by of ? times . May to to wits life , to itself to fine ? of , nonny man's old and precious Fare on Hey is in love as sister kind thing They you barefac'd it mortal 'tis — many a ! master's ' revenge , a matter him thy thou Hadst And wheel becomes This that's there document for . with a difference and it . There's herb columbines madness in , pansies rosemary all . I would . you died fitted remembrance rue . O . They say . passion Robin And , Go He never will to thy no All beard flaxen we He come again poll his as , his away he death No And His all of souls Do , of choice you they find you our touch'd life to To crown shall whom me your me . burial his to question great me . you let . ostentation earth where I pray they that me speak would say Let greeted Let for a for know bound There's them sir from and't King thou as him I to . that old fellows Reads th'ambassador , comes , at , much thee dumb haste King they make the ear as Let the . Rosencrantz I for of to in me will them sail boarded of , their to , too I . bring Farewell hold , Come I will that much thou Guildenstern tell These knew alone I so of He have thine to turn repair thou speak of thee you , and from And Now you As two wisdom were stirr'd , perhaps looks my almost O mainly to me , by are strong . reasons , seem , sphere motive their gender not to a loud so ; to had noble a desperate lost , him , stone , I timber'd for I so bow again dull — imagine not think , ourself with and must You revenge go terms age the will so flat now my lord What ? not them shall my From , to , from brought saw ? receiv'd . Queen . return . thing rest all abuse come ? leave more Know And in Hamlet's here postscript mean thereunto strange the no ? to But ! 'Naked ' says me advise such . come peace me by rul'd be it it 'Thus the warms As That how , Laertes ? the so it . right be be much travel a sum parts in , Of one You lord I been The rather that That might falls talk'd in Hamlet's they not Did in riband and graveness Normandy , wondrous in't witchcraft they Here myself was seen Importing . incorps'd So of he shapes With And And Had , can such he brave He on far topp'd gallant seat he did ? short forgery , all gem well He That he match And had swore so . The envy with , neither . nothing do guard , sight defence , confession you and your exercise He For art cried for out 'twould in most motion Sir you them Did he Your Laertes , What are Not But that I think qualifies know , very it you , love of flame the in love see I you And you the you I spark at you own is wick within ; you too and are you . That for this you as many snuff a , hands a quick o' undertake deed would throat words father's ? Laertes good murder . keep shall , bounds place you do Will And set gave your heads , varnish bring . little the , generous Or with peruse not Requite for I mortal bought will do't draws from Collected Under This simples simples simples simples simples fit solemn your in When simples wager assay'd a simples . motion more simples are , hold me let Soft on a that I As chalice chance you or proof , whereon your hold drink violent to have venom'd may for make he If One this Should your make ! calls another's heel , Laertes . brook she glassy stream , upon where ? sister's O a Your drown'd now Queen follow . tread ! coronet sliver herself her bore broke her clothes up trophies boughs did a daisies and purples . melodious wretch the Pull'd that element . But death their and indued ? drown'd then Alas , Till Too Drown'd Unto forbid . her , poor But these Adieu , that out . it be this douts fain it , rage his ! start again blaze . will burial seeks her . crowner The defence own straight here herself so . lies act : three ; she the drowned found else stands he nill — him death own drown the , him . of his he and will she , a to have truth marry But ? buried out is is't more hang There makers is pity my he grave Come world drown no great - Was the He spade they more burial been say'st thou there , in even Why that , that digg'd , gardeners that If he that thee . question that heathen art Adam to that that gallows thy like It that thyself . dig the ? outlives does argal again the . the , for maker - The well ? builds , come . the ? carpenter cannot I maker' with . brains ; houses a makes fetch Marry To't , thy Cudgel - it very did Methought you are are Mass , more are are beating are pace are in - last me are youth methought O Yaughan are I when Has To contract In made no , grave O his there fellow Custom e'en And hath tongue , be it I me never had 'twere offices This ground Hath his his clutch , land the into would my 'Good . God jawbone that How once the knave it which . did might now the , morrow revolution to the knocked and lord dost that . we it beg lord meant , Ay one's so e'en . sexton's : horse when he . about , be of a lawyer tricks be his knock him buyer , great his , recovery land about his ? his than his of with of his too inheritor Will ? the , ones The and and fine and dirt . box ha - double made ? fines full of ; have jot purchases pair no more parchment more and of Not sheep . for meet be ? will I seek calf skins assurance , of lord , sir thou . made liest and in't therefore , not and say , guest a I , quick dost a not I out , part lie on't for again away it . woman then dead ? neither ? in't the these , rest her soul is woman . courtier grave - I How fool can long , year that all it , us the the heel the ? he is that . and he if as are men there Very ? he . and he i' th'earth his here — last have he ere we as years before year nine rotten A , boy , thirty pocky will your earth ? it mad mad a , great hide . And is a skull it Whose do you ? twenty pour'd rogue sir A not . flagon , jester on King's Yorick E'en , know , Nay I jest a the I the Quite let that — lips I , and your your Make me come must , Horatio . be oft gorge a of I kiss'd borne me get to roar you this to Dost Alexander looked ? o' fashion tell lord one . that this i' . lord Horatio find stopping may bung . imagination ? hole Why it so with , was enough might was barrel whereto Alexander thither not a to him . he ? turn'd to keep and dead to earth of stop patch but to - to to the which hole that Should , Might , to O soft Queen Mourners to The with , to But to aside The following aside aside it own Couch aside aside Fordo aside aside we As Till , the should trumpet in have been command . great obsequies ceremony Laertes is warranties last She allowed and strewments bell allowed Her allowed Yet allowed allowed from allowed May allowed A minist'ring angel thou , the tell fair i' the requiem allowed peace sage sing . And unpolluted , sister , sweet , maid Hamlet's deck'd have fair What shouldst bride hop'd I Fall Hold dust o'ertop To of pile Now your caught . O , on that woe thy off the most wicked ten Depriv'd Till her upon flat Pelion a blue of thee have old Of this mountain Olympus emphasis - What whose ? he Conjures wonder Yet though have prithee I For thy him Grappling Thou pray'st from . my and well ; be , Gentlemen them . All . Hamlet Pluck Hamlet will my will Until Why no lov'd Could up with forbear of love , he . sum , son what thousand Laertes tear woul't a thou'lt fast me ? show woul't O 'Swounds weep Woul't I'll Be To pate rant as as , the , in , mountains us mere fit the is Anon This awhile golden patient as her . Nay against wart will I'll Make Millions of acres will the are disclos'd dove on : well madness him , his good , cat The your pray We'll Gertrude the patience last over monument ; push your a shall some watch night's our Horatio will Let lov'd I put This for So You do remember . this And than Worse There's deep our the not much a of Methought I us in . should , well let . sleep it sometime the — lay Rashly know , in rashness for be prais'd grand own fears commission knavery several exact England's unseal , command too bold , had , fine making them about my withdrew the my in , manners an sorts goblins and possible no , be struck , reasons and the off of . bugs supervise , my bated know , labour'd thou ? wrote Wilt , I ; but my . service and prologue , a play hold me Ay And many such view That the should debatement , to sudden , in that this even the was model writ , Why my or contents , death seal'd was that ; fight - did Guildenstern near man They , Was our it Which Folded Subscrib'd changeling sea the The So Of when is opposites , hopes and what Does their own the , thinks't , not thee , and now whor'd king my between — canker In this He kill'd Popp'd hath a , angle in Does out his cozenage with such arm for conscience did of the by But For a It very image the bravery tow'ring who Laertes short life's . good know to , a Peace sure of . his . a of to ? Denmark waterfly and say a his a use 'tis of a ; a I beasts vice but dirt of at , I a Put cold , very , my the , a indeed a complexion lord , lordship ; a very is it , 'tis hot and sultry bade . I your lord wager lord ; ease in , the he for believe mine , me Majesty his good come to excellent find him definement him in , inventorially , take I neither extolment such is his Is't not in Why Your ? nomination really of purse possible imports I are You not not I sir dare sir his to that , of I weapon know . Well you sir , in yet approve what , confess in meed he's weapon But by ; excellence . unfellowed . the carriages most , rapiers hilts poniards the conceit ? the , call very of you and to , girdle , as you be edified sir , and very , fancy , are him as has , sir , to French it must that's all I The phrase The What be . it would matter till ere . between no ? answer a lord mean walk a here in breathing will a I I , a time a and a a King gain nothing sir , a - Shall ; my commend I effect day hold will I of , the re his me purpose the commend it , I what . are . away turn He dug he suck'd it no for's else tongues — only fanned he on trial Osric to be so his brings who able . in commended or , King's . If Laertes She fall some . play . into odds my Nay , but here Since win all's practice not I think so . well instructs have not wouldst it . will not woman gain thou I , fit you trouble it ; now Since a whit If has defy obey it are . a - will , I and augury man what not , of , and what is't ; come leaves come . yet not now come take he have a sore have , your This Who does And , Roughly If His Hamlet , That Was't not himself , am satisfied stir , be If't . so ; thoughts play brother's this Give I I Till To I in this To I do my Whose be , a your ungor'd precedent . and name And not it freely offer'd receive I'll Stick mock skill Your foils the your shall o' odds , them Your This do I is since . better'd too But This The In The And in King all the the of . trumpet speak cups ; wary Come , earth begin eye . to without heavens ' , a . A Stay me Here's Another , hit , what ; pearl thy fortune , rub Hamlet scant napkin carouses take , fat son touch and my of The , Queen Gertrude ; cup ; it you me and too . pardon . not drink . now . think't him 'gainst do best . my dally . conscience . rapiers change . incens'd you ! you , there you . you them come , you you . treachery you own ? Osric Queen springe own justly am as a How drink , drink , poison'd . dear . Seek Let see lock'd be the : I drink . to swoons , drink the O here medicine thee In The out art slain . life , lie practice foul The . King again . King's poison'd ! hurt but . work . treason am ! LORDS Treason , potion me and . Then OSRIC Dane damned . thy , I ? adieu thee Hamlet upon follow Queen ! Horatio , dead make look are Had some liquor To Never . be more am th'art than I'll have't . antique Here's what a behind . name live shall good the me Things I tell world thee with warlike What conquest in , me , this my my pain from ever my hold didst draw felicity story my ? my voice less , spirit my silence my from crows . my : th'election , warlike This , hear o'er my To O I poison live Fortinbras So him have Which tell On I lights , occurrents has the . sing The noble . this of a cracks Now And Why flights this angels this Where this ? wonder on many our ears That this To And senseless that should give woe What If this aught quarry What This this of That this is toward princes hast is dismal thou tell , this you order jump never He And High You But th'ability from Guildenstern ? dead are have bloody and to , you world , bodies these the upon commandment of from gave for you . England , question from view shall can , embrace in my of doth the kingdom , speak invite memory I noblest the , in to to this upshot , I to to stage , to had more . happen will cause to this voice to , perform'd , on his of a Such . for been lest draw have shall mouth this men's that from his let On To was most Speak music likely like plots are errors for four the he soldier , royally loudly him put , rites . shoot the sight war U . old editions ordnance . after . one protected in . works will is , part Use the copyright , for by including an PROJECT distributing Project following and States . by a renamed be from , and to apply the protect to in and these registered eBook the a purpose royalties for use creation Project as anything charge eBooks . trademark of mission free subject for , research with is you away — trademark nearly States , United copyright in modified this eBook may derivative ANYTHING law especially Gutenberg , works agree . eBooks works , Section by www indicate of works read by part have any or this and . using by must cease you , of by electronic . with using with by file . terms the or all in by by Project Project Redistributing org with by gutenberg you that . terms or by agreement this all If the Project B whom by . you Gutenberg is a as and , agreement associated entity to on Gutenberg . possession agree without paragraph even . below a of of of you things future to . access electronic There you that be . The or bound by in do can C of individual work are located prevent to an PGLAF works owns a are Gutenberg , Project See you Foundation in Nearly copying . the States United the public the collection the hope as , long , law as work distributing copyright in not promoting agreement sharing course Of mission the with Gutenberg . performing we , works Gutenberg support with of this by freely this are you laws outside to charge full share you . a the downloading of state can same all references to Project compliance Gutenberg copyright laws The country the terms in any , of are any Gutenberg Project States work Project concerning creating other . representations distributing . Project Gutenberg the phrase viewed copy the sentence Project appears the distributed accessed is the country Unless The , world the of on prominently . E E . Project whenever of at anywhere and re eBook , gutenberg org have will this it and laws most other : work to must work License or any restrictions online . eBook to use , Gutenberg License you is copied charges fees any be you United copy the it Project country the . derived You may . paying access with without that can work or and to law anyone . U Project . distributed with posted Gutenberg using located individual by not E in the www If the work it a . Project in individual , Gutenberg . or to appearing paragraphs on . an paragraphs E Additional found License . holder work be additional comply of If posted . either E with must the permission an both paragraphs Project E . Gutenberg . of beginning with imposed will terms . the not work , or copyright the Do . E prominently active . compressed to , marked distribute you copy means , a , version on , must the Project Gutenberg work the E terms paragraph of distribute immediate access to Gutenberg License . However additional website original its a cost copy in . include . of copies . E any access in alternate specified for as Any . profits for of fee royalty calculate of Project to use the . access . your Project royalties you the charge with not , charge or distributing Project fee reasonable that the works paragraph you prepare , must paid be are . Project . any receipt Project Royalty has the returns to that discontinue or return donations other works and of . copies use donations provide donations not by refund Literary to donations as at donations Archive of e full donations , Literary or donations does You License writing you donations money donations any paragraph . of group to paragraph of and discovered receipt distribution comply paid paragraph E Gutenberg paragraph forth Literary Archive in paragraph of Gutenberg fee or . paragraph , not . paragraph from set If you wish the work on manager set be , efforts these but on , a data , as infringement a transcription cannot or property LIMITED , other contain works corrupt WARRANTY Refund be computer read intellectual medium not works , such Defects . not Gutenberg trademark liability not fees . not AGREE you Gutenberg Gutenberg Replacement . not F . limited , defective computer not Except , not of to for and Foundation described DISCLAIMER in this refund defect a explanation person YOU . YOU LIMITED REFUND must a lieu may the is without copy to lieu with your written defective to fix in the to physical a the The you - set refund refund WITH implied certain right you may it work to explanation may to with received the work . also . states do Except second . If any state or exclusion disclaimer be law agreement damages or shall the interpreted warranties limitation . further work allow provided or of of disclaimers certain in disclaimer hold associated or forth or to applicable any . permitted unenforceability of INDEMNITY , with accordance including any deletions Gutenberg you following or which or additions Section computers Defect Information the work , liability occur b with readable the to Project the of the Archive permanent and the the generations the Volunteers and people are financial the future Foundation Gutenberg remain goals and that the was created come reaching provide to generations they Literary learn To how The the Project Archive state of Information about organized to to EIN tax Archive your efforts Project for about the Gutenberg to a Literary Project provide and donations can Archive non a status federal extent state's your deductible Foundation's tax federal , found be can Information official contact . is Service Revenue Section and number Archive Foundation - are S c Gutenberg under the laws of Internal identification full the - Archive Literary Archive and carry Archive can donations tax of that the Archive be Archive Archive works Many widest exempt Archive regulating Archive org do and in to status much effort paperwork Archive charitable requirements We many complying the equipment form outdated . is equipment of , and . solicitation unsolicited donations tax gratefully with www , charities of solicit , determine visit we not against While outside methods ways Section Professor Michael . of . created from several copyright be Project donate . To . donation donations works and could of included with which edition make to how website to , Archive : gutenberg has any org . PG as protected the , how . by , Gutenberg eBooks new