answer the . cold , bitter heart Francisco ? there is you ? good hath you night who reliev'd ? there Barnardo , night is Horatio Welcome have I Welcome seen . him , thing piece A . appear'd this says Therefore I not will Horatio 'tis but ? good Marcellus tonight , belief , our entreated him this watch That us if dreaded the minutes have again our , eyes tush , to Sit Touching pole myself of heaven , off Look . like , the speak ; King the then , star burns Last night that — one , the from Marcellus and it , Mark . again comes it figure scholar Question thou Horatio . time form Denmark and of thee to it . buried . it , usurp'st this charge of fair with march ! speak . will , Stay ! not pale ! and ! on't fantasy parle I , God my the mine own not ice hour . watch had : Norway As This the Why So Why And And , in now But Good toils nightly the make What such sit bodes this daily for of divide joint shipwrights such why down same foreign impress inform labourer toward Sunday , the is't implements that the week the from this can - can now goes night whisper but , a who law his ratified by life and all which by the seiz'd , of ; of our which a he Dar'd vanquisher been Thereto prick'd on by most emulate Hamlet , valiant him , lands , To the cov'nant , design'd Fortinbras , think it through : figure the these is A In it The graves little to question watch is mote Well post it I armed Comes and in fire Disasters stars stood most ere mightiest and sun of and moist stands eclipse blood fell the the Neptune's ; trains with sick almost Upon And And That A Did squeak and As I'll the the prologue harbingers gibber influence the empire doomsday Have heaven Unto earth in the like earth , cross be thee If If That may earth there earth it blast me , fate earth me done use me sound ! thing me to do earth , Lo . it where Speak privy Which Or if treasure , it Stop thou For I will my partisan ! Stay in thou may avoid death , here ? invulnerable when air , majestical , so 'Tis gone , 'Tis here 'Tis wrong show blows as being ! the it To We do it our was And then with to it fearful that cock Upon about vain malicious mockery . crew cock guilty throat , the is are , and nights then Some The bird say that dawning say our wholesome And Wherein , fairy takes the But up the . clad to my mantle , no night long ; to , russet yon morn so have upon ; what and my speak our with duty it , Lords and dear and , Hamlet , morning conveniently I him this fitting ? far To Where Cornelius be contracted Together so sometime as , our in green memory Though death , queen . nature him , sorrow in grief , brow fought think and whole eye a this of ourselves our remembrance wisest hath one with on sister equal ; weighing , one with auspicious 'twere jointress with we That With With one and dole defeated warlike now our state , him , fail'd , and ourself Norway impotent , Thus the To , uncle his of rid , and business levies Fortinbras in ; bed nephew's proportions - full this Of of , with message lands , meeting of here writ law for , So brother this : Out The lists You bearers to no greeting and Who In these this told of You , Laertes us We doubt cannot now your You And Than hand that my thou more have instrumental wouldst willingly to lord the is though Dread offer , thou is't Denmark France return , duty , done , Your From thoughts must duty favour Yet to wishes bow now them your bend I again your that show leave gracious coronation ? thine . and leave give seal'd wrung father's go leave time at kin graces spend , best Hamlet cousin , thy will — hang , my petition laboursome will hath By his thy Take And do thy my But now fair A Not like Thou like know'st Passing for it If Ay through , it like , like not Nor ! alone Nay like my customary windy the like suspiration dejected fruitful haviour , like forms truly me , Seems madam 'Tis But That with all No For must lost To In obstinate In A , a mind ; unschool'd impatient and simple must , a unmanly , as thing vulgar heart sorrow most be 'tis fault opposition to fault dead the in we most absurd ? Fie fathers , corse our , a , whose and is common , theme pray to of throne think his father For our immediate . unprevailing be of to it Is must , of a the , are And Than , As You , which impart is nobility less no with , son cousin your to school you toward courtier lose cousin you , prayers to madam , drinks grace cousin whereof . and cousin all cousin , chiefest Our I cousin loving . accord Denmark that heart and ; cousin gentle rouse - this earthly the and best fair of Hamlet . unforc'd Madam reply shall , would into solid Thaw Or , the , too thunder away today clouds . a God this not so ! to this this to garden , the and too that 'gainst , unprofitable O ! melt God ! nature heaven ! not in gross unweeded and flat ! things it rank , Why even body were , reason , old she — of winds the roughly and little A Let , Must I remember ? Why on fed what , With all she tears which think it By me not Niobe , A beast O have father's My It is my not am to see , I my servant . you lordship well . sir your are violence report Elsinore ? depart no you deep in your father's ere drink to , teach We'll But yourself Nor make To My lord , it , lord thrift , My In ; was a Horatio all again like . my I dearest lord ? in . father your King I I My I , I Upon an I With I Season ear your The This marvel Marcellus and A , stately point at Been In thus encounter'd waste together God's Two and dead before and fear them by ; they of deliver'd each comes thing as the are These , And Form My apparition , My you lord it , not speak ; did : like morning as it sound then from And at And even lifted Itself But But live , think honour'd writ it ; duty . lord lord from toe to my say , and the Pale more in ? red , fix'd And It like very . MARCELLUS , I Most . tell it long a . hundred , I longer , Longer It was If peace hap but no , all you still . farewell : honour and twelve , fare , loves spirit arms : my in foul earth still father's I Though Till then the sit all And necessaries , as are Farewell give not . benefit favour sleep , waxes alone choice whole be his circumscrib'd you , it place no withal . loves he choice if your , credent of ; so voice what his give May keep And Fear it Whereof And therefore must and deed particular act is goes Denmark main ear or fear rear his Ophelia you , Out To you loss chaste desire . treasure sustain may list your sister of infants the before itself galls , rebels best then the Contagious to of dew be of , spring of of beauty is your and shot The And As Do watchman I Be Himself Whilst me like primrose a and and dalliance to treads not here me not recks And Laertes , wind The Occasion blessing But . a smiles . leave . double second , shoulder Aboard , a upon stay'd for by their thought no thy thou them entrance Give each the in fancy habit may may Of do may not - to a censure apparel express'd may they For in select of a may borrower oft For of may Are And may This loan nor a generous and itself chief in : the the thine dulls , all of and friend be that . it . you to said blessing my ; you , Farewell The to . you the you , something , Marry told so You And As What in You to honour late me I the made . green call know I do Do you That ta'en are Tender what perilous you think , tenders his Of affection me a like his such lord , my believe not I'll sterling , the you'll he it his my . lord heaven know speech of I how these fire as for must Be You Than Than a Set so with to parley he few they investments , is Hamlet , rate young Ophelia , suits pious This terms sanctified . slander or so shall my ; any the . shrewdly a is nipping bites air very . cold an now hour of struck twelve . near the . walk lacks ? lacks season lacks , lacks wont this does I ? lacks Indeed it lacks to lacks reels . a the east takes nations other of than , I ; here custom and born manner my to And to observance , swinish indeed and though , his origin , reason o'erleavens complexion and o'ergrowth cannot marrow , it and in at choose , birth in By , Since their habit , I some form Carrying , virtues As , livery Doth the all . as stamp manners — star censure his it . doubt of evil grace , dram pure may be particular in To From That Bring Be I will me thy their canoniz'd we saw cerements burst Have It to some To more . desire it . it removed action courteous what alone you with Look then then then It then for Being , set thing then the beetles it to Which And then puts more deprive there assume then very Without That And looks might you into of Think desperation the . thee , in out nerve this . follow , on ghost Unhand him a — desperate ; 'tis what will direct him go further . I'll . me is almost no flames myself thy shall bound am I but To , Speak , not , revenge , Doom'd burnt Are To I , Till And the , the I for , Revenge ; If flesh foul Murder most ; and ; most As to May find apt than the be thoughts with I the my Lethe itself rots not in in ease on sleeping me that out And The abus'd A Rankly given serpent With Mine my prophetic life , uncle — uncle uncle uncle , celestial uncle uncle will bed link'd of angel garbage scent . itself it in Sleeping me be to sate prey as virtue her , me it To Upon a . Though those lust Will gifts shape it never be ; heaven , air my in ears man pour vial a blood it alleys and brother's . about milk into did vile So , mine , on unanel'd my with with . blood wholesome with most instant and - I All like a with lazar my Thus life made ! not with with Taint Against And To O shall I thy thorns uneffectual thee the adieu earth me to Remember be fire his . heaven ? hell you host my O fie of , And And couple me , Hold , memory all fond trivial all the . Remember of records , copied and . matter commandment , observation all alone volume pernicious . may I smile , smiling in my , MARCELLUS are there have sworn't I 'Adieu , Within . Lord Hamlet him it boy is't Illo , ho ! noble lord it lord my What , you then How There's my an heaven he's But ne'er , Ay no To you tell ; my go offend whirling words ; my heartily I'll and . own for and , lord . We ? lord is't Never known lord My Nay As faith Indeed Cries indeed . Swear stage upon , my sword , lord sworn Upon the my sword , on ha speak sword you my fellow in lord . cellarage . thou ground heard . fast so i' you upon again my this speak of Swear by old ! in odd before or I strange To as How as never soe'er , think meet , shall , shake phrase - mercy on , not note and head doubtful — need this . most . as a love do poor Rest and ambiguous : to you , go in together , money and these notes lord good come , Nay Give My Marry said and Of his intend Look Paris sir , you where , nearer . him , friends , this his it touch knowledge will demands , lord , more come , and finding and ' , he be As But , forgeries so if't But and To As sir dishonour so may but do know mark 'not I part in 'And please mean take heed put on ; lord noted . usual liberty and slips swearing may may you him . You him would not That , You my The Ay , Wherefore , Marry I party Having ever it , And Your As a you breathe you ; to He And , does then about to . lord my , What was to was does something ? leave , and phrase or or closes youth He ' sir 'Good By , I about the ' . consequence' : yesterday the in in with or There There closes or there such mass the him , we , Videlicet , With have lecture and forth See sale' , day of of this wisdom have Shall thus a My . So falsehood former you fare you . you . with and , have out directions by my You lord , well lord . in , Farewell my . now , what , lord With lord Ophelia my , his as Pale My As and And speak I What know if , been look shirt Ungart'red with To Mad said truly ? hard me love thy do fear it . lets he his help . go , the . King — of command as ; repel his to me letters access did made him and you any . passion any I hard but words denied my opinions sort trifle judgement younger beshrew he and but did the we , to kept to King our to in , than , that Resembles than nor So Our need we it father's transformation ; so What that of I days his by us from to young . youth your and you unknown lies to on time , pleasures within open'd , he gentlemen he more adheres it there much talk'd men our hath , so your time gentry If Whether much draw So That To And For And up Thanks To here the dread freely lay We our Guildenstern gentlemen changed son , you to your full the at feet Are return'd , amen , Pleasant presence and Norway from Ay my good . my King of . or good gracious , you father the or Assure , my this sure or ? lord my to or duty hold And or of source to and queen , that son's or , hath . in bring but or ; hear that Give it all our and we , my is Well His I doubt me , and feast of your Voltemand Welcome from greetings , sent , fair Upon His age Highness look'd against Was his three old On It so a borne whereat he the truly , more joy annual Majesty in sends , hand , and th'assay he in uncle , further Polack : those the quiet allowance employ crowns before from Norway rebuke vow Makes arms , it As such of down set well well we'll Most , you be , to duty and , time time wit of soul day is expostulate , madam , well noble . let is't will but to is liege business This My , to day Why he That farewell it , the then will A no nothing that matter : of she is — remains figure 'tis all . art More That Or I And pity , 'tis true . of And have this use comes cause effect have now the and effect say out , the have daughter duty and . have mark and most phrase Now have a Who given and a hear 'beautified' have be . a Ophelia — have faithful ? reckon it art to is believe not love most this ; Adieu show'd , have . I , machine . are fire move doth a whilst daughter me , by , best . solicitings mine his love ? might on wing you and me , that think , mute with given look'd ? I , No you young Or If And Or upon mistress a is idle star , dumb sight winking desk table round did I , tell might you think what , me queen thus , ' short this messengers herself then a the love took the , a then into fruits , and , by my from receive not she , a watch wail a And Do It there , I'd fain wherein the we think Thence to lightness all be wherein wherein wherein wherein wherein time positively been I Take If this is hid walks lobby he . he in it the this circumstances such the you Be Mark know does sometimes does . daughter does . from not At does But We But be I keep does me does be And does look I'll - presently does do give . my , I Not I Then would , honest For the daughter breed you , a ? dead true very That's to of a be a carrion a if a , blessing He is . to't look , lord a have . Aside a , I was words a do much . Conception is fishmonger extremity you a ? my , my , read . lord lord my read , for lord . old wit down lack men have and you crab set in't ? lord like if is there go yet the Into that is A out so take life except Fare my , well , me from except you You withal , sir go seek the lord how of children are the My good friends . indifferent we Happy On of my , near None is What she that good prison not world's ? grown true , to friends you , lord dungeons . is is nothing many are , not think your bounded , indeed could in it ambition the shadow merely is shadow for a ; of and , Truly , then 'tis none so have . a shadow's but monarchs our a bodies and I ambition makes it one I by . light and th' our are Which such the rest . honest beggars' dream itself . GUILDENSTERN and outstretch'd it is I servants fay quality . too poor will Shall beggars for my of you I , free a a other occasion Were you . Elsinore And speak I dreadfully attended ? But not , is ; and there . for sent for Come visitation ? of rights the not craft , nay Is ? thanks are should What it , my the know you , by , love the - ever fellowship direct what our youth more by But what , or To be , of and withal you for What . were we lord tell I you why and of . off sent my moult anticipation no all . I discovery your prevent my sterile a me air look , not Queen lost you than , is and , appears , frame ; to goes seems fretted to so with a express and god : yet how indeed but late in like quintessence world faculties . the firmament an , thing and dust laugh lord form of canopy excellent lord from you when 'Man on and way the man you to in , this beauty of is neither the ; target , them Majesty o' , whose lungs or shall his , service coted his ? to were shall gratis shall knight humorous mind for't are and the sere ; verse part ; and . ways by was ? travel both the of delight city comes inhibition the they did the both Their they the ? not was ? are rusty indeed profit their chances so , Do grow ? wearing thither they fashion not they Will . top say is the the that come are common for sides own to ? and scarce their on . and the There better their against — can goose so - should means them their if , afterwards most no has ? much boys it throwing poet the possible controversy do and a away load twenty Denmark and of lived uncle my apiece ducats strange , for at that , O ; hundred in this my too , picture out players forty and . Hercules my lord more while are welcome lest outward fairly , garb the But father my the ? You you the Your Let me comply the . come . the There are the extent - what the north a deceived . are - lord mother I . hearer . wind is southerly , with baby , Guildenstern see , not yet at there be Well you is me have , tell too , his Mark . players the come news . When you to lord sir to Monday child . tell 'twas so actor an . my . his tragedy men are pastoral - pastoral , for a hadst light individable scene on ass — the no thou ! for , comedy poem - or I that a old ? love daughter Jephthah For . most you more . where well lord , follows then follows wot comes . the to by As , my , like chanson . lady your . e'en be cracked chopine not speech We'll gold the , all old . voice , you like I anything ? lord , Come . French within is ! see valanc'd when , my young since if , taste never — an excellent others million pleased received , it the , and as make to indite wholesome of as that in lines might with sallets the honest handsome tale Priam's me . method as the in matter 'Twas . nor one in such , general for But but , an much very , well . matter I more so , it line of no but called in scenes speaks Aeneas' with sable did see let Pyrrhus arms horse complexion the impasted fathers and , purpose not now Now especially memory , of a murders carbuncles with Roasted Priam . tyrannous . with lend blood is he this With heraldry and vile eyes lord he . in daughters gules , wrath good ; wide fell his strikes with , Then senseless of and base , head hideous , flaming a his Pyrrhus . to lo For i' . some matter milky , stick storm , stood the anon after dreadful thunder the , region the Mars's Aroused never rend As in we winds as And Doth On With out general thou remorse sets Cyclops' proof Priam forg'd fall eterne work , orb still , the , All Pyrrhus' , you . good . or he , long too your with or on queen' mobled come threat'ning , 'Mobled is flames head , upon that for down . in seen state , with Pyrrhus his of move sword make fear venom of loins — has gods in the , colour no rest ? of you this heaven made at not that them made have passion , more . tears . Take dignity in . The desert bounty honour tomorrow your hear The play . lord you insert you would ? set down study of some could . you , lines . Follow well and dozen We'll , good and welcome to I'll . you alone Elsinore leave friends Now . ye all to a slave player own here wi' that in ? And or What he for Hecuba passion with tears ; cause peak , indeed with ear guilty whose defeat me villain was a beard lungs ? Who ? throat liver'd bitter ere this this i' face it kites region , or the slave's make But Ha A Tweaks by off calls me 'Swounds ! made and dreams , unpregnant . does for cannot in pate a Am take , heaven a my heart father dear unpack murder'd , brave with , most ! that have . murder of have no , tongue of the father power that hath seen ; his weakness shape the devil , with potent very . spirits grounds have I'll , yea my , and me . conscience play's , I'll perhaps players the I'll I'll . like I'll With tent my pleasing The the King I'll I'll such I'll and I'll to relative As of my Out More But does Grating so turbulent lunacy you can And from Did But of in but ? any certain that told players we these it there o'er We Did , way seem fell you . his of free , to out the joy kind have play I night before to it did on raught , him already they him entreat matter your . order court further so him hear gentlemen And With For we Gertrude shall sent myself Affront have That he closely 'twere and bestow We Sweet as of gather If't he by his love no . for suffers of shall , good Ophelia I hope do virtues unseen , espials seeing frankly obey Hamlet's obey him to walk , here . Ophelia , Read obey may happy . obey I your wildness bring Will And obey you obey cause wish , book obey , 'tis O . much obey The devil too give my this please , devotion's exercise oft that How Is We Your loneliness show of We are action prov'd doth the my heavy ! burden thing true harlot's more is The I , against the , is suffer . lord a respect a of man's . of a The wrong makes give we Must That sleep Devoutly That a - and To the to . dream of to , For would oppressor's pangs a For who , office dispriz'd merit of scorns a , delay contumely . life this , a sleep dreams there's , bear the the , coil may come the life these long takes make weary whose will quietus his fardels something under the of ills know we does Thus And With their currents , of cast of of , of pale cowards us traveller and grunt The No And Than thus the native that make those of the o'er of , have we not us ? now Soft , remember'd , lord my ; re - of deliver yours you orisons , well , well for have I lord , longed receive . mind long now to , so ; the noble ? fair my lord beauty your fair to means , you , Are ! Are What , power proof my than beauty beauty sometime of but paradox the was a ; truly into his honest you That be and for Could , is likeness what Ay to a thee myself not should Why ; honest put , better indifferent revengeful that thoughts them . are . Where's all such fellows believe nunnery At my ? Go fool sweet , plague for thou . nowhere Be . but shalt thy not quickly help own give as . enough and , restore ! powers heavenly , well that . play may Farewell you Farewell hath . wilt dowry marry of needs thou , snow escape them . make too . and amble given . To I but , down of , fair mould , and wretched , state o'erthrown a married make your nunnery . hath made me say ! youth blown sovereign and I That most most lack'd see woe of and most feature His ? Love most T'have most Blasted what most seen Nor be in determination to the on most speed prevent disclose , for he down I variable seas objects : some Will O'er madness spake not hatch quick shall shall beating matter countries different him ? and something in brood , England : Ophelia grief , expel play him alone , please with be , queen all My be I'll show And . it heard You Sprung From . How do . and not round her Madness be so . go , ear , the him think as of . unwatch'd it in the torrent too trippingly had , very for passion , you do who must air players of whirlwind all use lines , to such would part most noise beget the . to soul and tongue that may say it periwig the , spoke crier But speech the you thus as , Be the Suit the observance the not action , the is was you the to too , to temperance , the hear , capable Herods out the very rags are have I honour not purpose o'erstep the and time heard others having accent of must image 'twere as her , playing of , is his of man journeymen , and O praise , had made strutted , the nature very to but allowance age have them speak gait it spectators that For of some them let reform'd . to , That's the it themselves , in fool , set down hope Christian some of thought Nature's they . so your clowns us that to speak that . though reform O laugh the And , players make hasten GUILDENSTERN my help two Will the and haste presently . them . cop'd as . be , flatter from thy poor hear , lord dear do clothe let follow was all Fortune's equal in And Since Where For my thee that with ta'en As one Hath thrift Hast suffering , her thou hast , been nothing - mingled finger King him man , that of . wear have foul his rivet eyes damned not It . Give are as join will we I As For is itself . uncle And If steal 'scape to Get I whilst my seeming . both will Do a censure , Guildenstern the . Queen our , I the Enter King Hamlet ? capons . the these cannot ; not so I , pay . others , mine play'd once i' : feed dish words are chameleon's lord good killed Brutus . a calf there the capital did lord you My . enact Caesar . kill so patience your upon , that ? your me by sit dear , my hither Come To good mother , here's do mark lap lie . mean shall No my lord in I I nothing is Nothing , fair merry What That's Do think think my legs matters ? maids' lord What looks , months . two have forgotten not , for my , 'For ' ! epitaph devil two man's ! a O then die mother maker jig - Then But . him Lays him is Queen I'll suit yet a ; protestation . Anon down in the in embracing the and he for not O bank fellow and , The . away unwilling in makes ears , takes a again , is , and loth his ? means is this end . her Queen lament . to seeming woos players . the , shall Belike know Will imports mallecho miching show this ; means argument it , play or lord . clemency patiently of . posy , hands , late of be love the journeys count me is , cheer it though former moon must , holds love women's For far woe distrust you That But , And my as neither fear your and may most sacred and sick nothing quantity . I , lord siz'd , are fear proof , hath the love is little grow fears Discomfort In my what love Now Where Such but the confound needs And Are base second A do we believe second time husband slave poor the : tree . forget ourselves doth we sticks validity on mellow When But even loves joy enactures should yet us else love prove our favourite tend ; to man joys Their joy Where And who Directly hollow a still end him wed our . dead light , my and day food thy of ends are so where shall never , try . I their second none begun , hope heaven and thoughts thou wilt me have , well If Ophelia a would and opposite repose to Sport spirits 'Tis grow , leave fain sleep brain thy My sworn . me I with she pursue that what deeply should . offence her keep protests , but the she'll jest , argument heard no world the play ; is the This image o' that what , have that 'tis a knavish . wince piece Duke's , is of it our nephew . King . puppets . worse you lord and , lord the edge my love to and , Come hands husbands a groaning revenge . take , Gonzago name's . choice of His love Italian wife You collected agreeing story anon . The shall lord my How the hart runs sir fortunes not this For , Turk and me get , shoes , turn with a thou dost A This , and pajock . reigns now O whole Of Jove realm , himself ghost's well , perceive ? Didst music not well very the like he belike , ha Come likes . music it Sir , Come , me , perdie the recorders , him . not with . signify would not so , hath , me of do breed right the , cannot I Sir , lord my pardon , What My so of ; wit's diseased . into her But ? is you amazement there bed to closet her admiration behaviour hath struck our mother . the bar friend pickers these did Have me and . love stealers once you , lord My so when , Sir you , but Let while if not do I duty of me . be one if , play you upon . cannot you this pipe unmannerly ? with my and finger . skill to thumb But , these look you now cannot ; you , seem would there and ; you , as govern , these harmony ! I of you this am will top though what excellent you make voice , me think the to upon do you and little lowest you , note , me 'Sblood my in you you . of you you They by you Very like Methinks a weasel camel is like weasel . come — a whale . a me Leave drink could bitter yawn very , thy on . not this ; let bosom unnatural . soul to daggers enter not Nero be seals somever she soul , dispatch you . with , hourly lunacies his estate may along England To I commission our as of so That live and many upon endure safe , with provide ourselves will holy all single strength of alone not spirit itself peculiar is fear many and and feed Most Fix'd from ; with ten . goes fetters - speedy alone , it groan falls . footed this . fear GUILDENSTERN too and us going arras I'll warrant mother's . mother my bed , it , tell was should , intent , I curse eldest ! pause in , where A O of makes them call It stand both thicker it wash there Is not neglect But being forestalled prayer snow visage this Whereto the sweet brother's ? of come look fall up of murder . possess'd my what I'll , O ? Forgive ? turn be for ; mine one In nature , currents What currents bosom when What then forehead . currents it state currents and currents with to Make strings currents . salary this , he That do grossly , full , revenge , May ; knows and broad is him in the send villain to hire who am thought , horrid passage soul reveng'd of more drunk When , And With To And And 'Tis But how And And Up When At And sword he And Or and or is fit of damn'd at . days . thoughts advances remain to with , him here . silence hath . Mother I you be you him Within warrant , mother what's thy hast Come , come go , you how Why a ? You are brother's , so budge not glass you . me ! help ? rat now How ? ho , help Thou the ? A ducat for Dead O hast not . know it ? his lady , busy . stuff I you . shall ; it so , wag , tongue , vows deed plucks makes glow doth mass , a Makes . sweet face against the . index ? seal now you to you your eyes ear what man . follows Have like a Ha is it's what Look humble , Look Look Look Look ? age sure Look so hoodman without smelling sans sight - motion choice thy motion where motion , motion motion motion ? wax matron's O . mope thou frost When And leave me no . an to making leave leave leave rule of , leave part the and vice diadem pocket leave — wings figure mad . your ? empire shelf his the . and No in it king of me guards Alas come he's and your your gracious me son your of This almost look to her amazement thy on and Do but But step Alas , How is do you Speak bodies bodies bodies bodies on Sprinkle cool Upon bodies him , His bodies make them My Will want stern true and capable ; you see ; you nothing effects with piteous what all , Do whom ? I blood to this for Then . perchance see . steals liv'd portal how habit even goes father Nothing it as out , that My all hear he at coinage This Look is No his Is bodiless in creation . within all the but , re Bring to . temperately test the is to me keep time , times this film word , madness grace soul ulcerous madness speaks , heaven to the my , my yourself what fatness purer go of me on weeds the not That Of . is frock or in part , out nature , eat this fair . The the , good easiness , him and uncle's not sense to if a on . change desirous . For , night bles'd be throw kind put yet more to more stamp next . well kind worse and be will I'll word bid One Thus I ; but and good I means this punish , me with their So , on him wanton ravel a , again , lady , him bestow must bad . night be that I ? do shall What you , more , begins , call to , ape famous . breathe , top house's the life me to have down and on hide , paddock ? the , made of , the break , I know . and on said . Be thou assur'd life 'Tis as , my will sweep fang'd ? you so adders petard the me forgot , What England thou hast . must to one in When Whom I There's marshal the trust I letters But , still life a , shall schoolfellows — with . secret end counsellor packing Indeed foolish . room , knave prating you heaves . little . while ! tonight ? How must profound ' Hamlet it divulging body Where is hath life of from understand short laid to But so was foul let most disease he haunt our , of love , gone . a of But To keep apart weeps of madness ! what away hence and go out him his mother's in with hath closet madness speak must ship no Gertrude and come mountains , Ho Guildenstern skill aid , bring in . body , wisest mean so , I join , both Friends full poison'd his And soul the level hit as Whose ROSENCRANTZ Safely . GUILDENSTERN Hamlet they . lord O the kin body , with lord lord dust that to not Believe ? we lord have Compounded lord keep your replication , what lord should and — King's lord , sponge best his service lord the countenance lord of the his what you , in be jaw have end , the it , dry mouthed the my , son Besides . by shall in foolish and with a is sleeps go body the us to body rewards is he . ear The the . all fox . and . the goes loose ! body him find distracted , but strong judgement th'offender's all bear on man multitude law this him put the and it not dangerous sent . pause Diseases desperate reliev'd must are , smooth their : him , hath ? all What from him bestow'd grown and , know not Or now dead We , before . body guarded , him ! Bring . your . my us to . is only ? Where where's but . Your worm . fat is but and eaten At At to beggar your ? supper table to one Alas That's is , Hamlet where variable fat us . the we , alas fat fat that of end , two convocation for emperor . dishes maggots that worm In man may that how Where is a of the with fish fish to nose . seek within a stairs seek but you thee thyself — safety , done and the , hence ; grieve come ? hast England For . is So thou knew'st ; sees it , Good . But . them is , father loving not on him Pray is England come My That looks coldly — tonight him it have . hold'st at haste with thee red ; full , rages , awe free sense give it thy thereof imports at , conjuring Hamlet in my raw and , blood I ne'er 'tis Do Till were know effect and may cicatrice not which that . joys begun he done , Captain the conveyance from Tell Craves his . of the promis'd , You aught rendezvous march the his Majesty our his express know a in I will so his with him know . duty lord us ? softly , sir They , of purpos'd of part are Against How , Who to old some nephew some Fortinbras sir the commands for gain against to go , it The We to Truly speak hath five Nor rate That Or , in A no a pay ranker Why then , to yield , it , it the ducats , is five Two inward That Why b' please sir thank my little a , before . man . no cause humbly I too or on godlike , us his of What against straight you A Sith I Why ever thought do't And three Witness To with delicate of Examples yet this mouths Even all When And Makes Exposing that for a of all the father let Excitements of while reason kill'd . a to like tomb enough forth a fame of the and from , twenty sleep death my O ? is thoughts Which be not cannot or thousand I , see plot men trick try fight this beds , be with speak indeed nothing worth distract be ? have pitied ; says straws , her . sense and use world at to Her they fit of nods and , to it speech she hems speaks , father half th' the i' but carry Yet words ; collection up unshaped , and winks her 'Twere , botch would the one were she make sure conjectures nothing spoken ill her come in as , in nature true . great some to jealousy sin's is fearing to Majesty Denmark know true imports mark , gone grass head is ? Nay gone dead lady his From By , you Say sweet , pray and and a Ophelia but heels a At Nay his , shroud Pray his the as here look , flowers sweet go ? lady true grave love - with bewept the With all Larded to do They we God How ! dild you , are but have no Conceit Saint the morning . his donn'd your Valentine door chamber out that more . Ophelia end make , an come shame blame . to't me tumbled . wed yonder , for and Alack Gis By , Cock Quoth Young , By will You I would she thou How be well they good of O deep grief ; Gertrude single Gertrude come the give night lay him for sweet you , her good . death poison ; watch I good ; her O , Follow close her this father's they gone own battalions unwholesome , hugger Divided , brother his Last Feeds And Wherein Will With ear and Like In of to infect arraign , piece my matter many superfluous our to O nothing wants wonder , his Gertrude the ? door . guard ? lord , yourself more of , the the the ' king shall not a call the impetuous list matter , Laertes it the 'Laertes cry the The The ocean as , And Than your Antiquity the ratifiers 'Choose hands , They How I Keep me the Calmly my the father that's drop of blood door O , Laertes father . my brands cause looks thy That Acts thou little art There's treason That go will — Dead not allegiance dead , give only grace ! for Vows the my , I'll not be the profoundest I to ; I'll devil reveng'd ! be . so . world ? will , death , know with friend is't little your and ? draw will go far the you and both loser Good Winner desire Laertes ? my in but None , Repast Like And like am That am And Why most It as As good day a level to shall guiltless in her . sensibly to Let come noise What . Within ! O heat up dry out , maid Dear O heavens be By the madness How does sense heaven Burn kind Should now our my thy beam scale brains seven by young a Tears of Ophelia maid's and virtue of life of instance it After sends fine is't possible bier nonny persuade my on — nonny and man's fine stole down , tear is It ! it his well and Fare , and 'Down a becomes wheel thou wits you the that's It more , daughter than , nothing's This matter remember And you . They I Sundays give say . would O ? again ? come not prettiness to he death no , He , never beard Go to All His is He gone he his come again as was as poll gone . soul God . God God ? ye hand all by judge wisest collateral will 'twixt we or and , us shall whom me must I mercy pray , this your but friends your choice Do you I , deny you of hear by If they find crown To Be Our you And Cry th'offence where I pray you you So , of death , 'twere I , be sword rite heard means Let noble trophy That No 'twere is 'twere thee too a him Let him bless you , There's to for know ; England it let have have very letters of of . have they instant a compelled got dealt to gave us we I have death , sent were Ere if boarded am as thou shalt boarded overlooked for this boarded warlike . on the . did they what them boarded sail put appointment we On boarded wouldst ; hold thee boarded Guildenstern knowest tell good knew the yet fellows dumb . These . course fly are they bring thee much too have for Farewell their will : life your with father ear direct me , slain acquittance my conscience your a knowing for friend , heart seal noble feats and me put have heard Sith Pursu'd you star to , strong . motive might his bear their general , Queen either life and myself my looks ; much sphere , arrows , affection stone to wood turneth graces timber'd reverted to so ; to Stood perfections of beard You teach so that That That And And ? shall shortly will hope I , lov'd How Letters my pastime let are must dull more Queen I say they , lord my that think I it They to ! Hamlet Majesty , 'High I them shall Leave you by From Sailors . Who , thereunto He saw them not . my ? hand you , Are ? and return know more mean is And Hamlet's abuse leave you the the I It the the the If the If he , and I , voyage ripe in will my shall choose the breathe . but wind uncharge not ; it rul'd be so . becomes , wears since weeds Two his months Normandy against , but this seat his , he of forgery Norman ? was't life Upon So He , thought in you gave A Norman Your That he sudden you swore art made For And he had If He oppos'd Now , your without like A you , was Or But see , love love not begun by ? your time father ? dear of a you ? heart you Not that And that that I Time I I lives know A Dies We That And hurts there As To show by No you Revenge bounds cut no this : what the and abatements . But is , 'should' back your father's to th' good ? in church excellence remiss fame you , all , contriving with choose of and foils little in . ease chamber home , together fine in so may a your , mountebank a knife it sword , you , that if . I'll virtue have performance this time this Let's Weigh May this blast or second . assay'd If death withal can all from the is convenience back have better that us We'll make a proof our of look drift our shape of this With As calls ; your Soft in a further A for our make 'Twere chalice he your Should If bouts I they wide , a daisies did she and . spread her tunes , awhile chaunted creature But it and indued not , broke them name herself , up her grosser fingers weeds , call old be ? drown'd Ophelia yet , gone , it ; Gertrude his to it start that folly to had , do calm douts will let's follow give . again fain , When would blaze ; her crowner burial I she her Is to How buried in ? she straight defence . her herself The three good he is , own nill and of Here guilty . law water water hear act to this water . himself me that not Will Why that that man go that you shortens , he law quest ? that is't But marry this out more themselves up should their that ? Adam's more burial been crowner's . my Was , gardeners question art heathen How Could thyself dost . a . me arms the , confess . arms none had ever he answerest he to digg'd If thou dig , how ill dost to . shipwright gallows To't the mason tell well like wit good faith that , Marry ; church again shipwright . I brains beating pace Cudgel thy I I I , I can tell asked your his 'a I , behove get I . will mend thee not next , say , sweet , doomsday making of there was very meet ? nothing a , easiness . sense the . at that , O , the no methought in his him made of hand feeling little grave with age the it his me claw'd But in never could such , sing . did jawbone might How which - sweet it that , dost first the this a one ? not . it How such knocked chapless it might we an breeding , had but . on't think to no fine . beg , lord ache Worm's meant ; a , about not the play and be , tricks sconce about shrouding of his is , made skull , his that a shrouding clay - be the shrouding a action knock his shrouding of recovery , fine his buyer land shrouding , vouchers conveyances double double the shrouding must inheritor the Will ? lord ? too skins . sir I . in will . for 'Tis . you the . in't not it is , in't lie and indeed therefore 'tis yours mine ? not , dost man neither For For What woman none is sir We grown Lord ! the woman the Cannot you tell young Ay Hamlet was because , marry , mad , not How strangely . How men mad as what Upon , Denmark here I hold laying A he Why And body dead water , three skull your water his skull hath sore . than more so - Here's great is . his while Whose it mad a now ; this and Nay fellow's , me Horatio me Takes back his , imagination your I know your one my this , tell me one . at her paint - the ? Quite . Alas jest oft gorge not now how My of the and at merriment Where thousand ! on and , you favour to and Dost think and thou And and and a Pah ? o' looked this so till he may too follow Why Horatio - not imagination trace . with modesty hole lord ! stopping to . died earth converted . in away clay turn'd whereto ; dust a dead and comes world dust barrel the the King . awe , the earth soft King Here t'expel to ! aside kept the Fordo with own What . doth they follow . 'Twas of with did life we ceremony youth ? noble . awhile ceremony is been else Laertes have warranties it very obsequies What very As we that great That very Till She And flints , last the very trumpet Of bell very is Her very sing profane No Must more there and to As Lay requiem parted and her fair and th'earth i' - I her And spring and peace the done more , such service no and and sage should We and To May A from and minist'ring When . shall churlish liest the my howling my , priest . been sweet . Farewell wife sense arms head , deck'd woe strew'd on Hold . caught Pelion old or have head stand sorrow I of , is them phrase makes This , grief whose What an emphasis stars devil hearers ! throat , asunder fear in me something them Which Hamlet . brothers theme for ? her love tear ? a thou'lt do grave thyself woul't Laertes mad all . is I'll rant Nay , us , as is madness : thou an burning , well as till . ground I will zone , thou'lt throw ? them ; disclos'd me thus . drooping female are ? no matter . do do him ; may he , wait do night's your son . do push . speech do do we me circumstance . Now for much So You Remember all do my sir , than Sir would , indiscretion Our - a There's deep most do Rough - I Grop'd their to sea To mine out from My Finger'd With Oh My grand fears ho , found command reasons too life , axe the of read at ? proceed knavery with ! on stay royal No That Here's wilt my brains , off struck , down sat I as labour'd now : much Wilt know ? King tributary flourish wrote thou . lord . sir , and write learning hold me ; fair yeoman's good my I from palm but faithful his the their great , garland like them stand a 'tween wear , contents , death charge , less this , this . this , this this ordinant purse this was the ; the form plac'd . did their own my Of mighty opposites baser insinuation when . love near by dangerous the conscience thee , this fell a what my king king , life proper our of stand my perfect to ; 'One' is come And hopes , be my conscience damn'd England . Horatio I'll of bravery of his a I to Laertes I forgot good than sorry of passion here right Peace comes who to . Denmark know say . of leisure were the beast possession lordship from ; use with to ; more , lord will I receive your it lord ; my great lord my wager , faith , on ; Sir , yaw dearth his neither I is concernancy sir Your Why the of gentleman more rawer in his wrap we ? Sir ? tongue another . will You . words — if faith , are you know in . approve ; sir ignorant that lest man , not well were compare laid against poniards the the the responsive so liberal conceit ? margin the are the hangers . cannon on assigns had you . we if could , till , against , And , your ? in person his of please , if hits I . gentleman can the , Majesty is it . for's and on has , kind a most only trial of through bubbles yeasty encounter winnowed the did to commend He does his or with runs comply of his This , ready Now now King's . be pleasure in Laertes you that am happy are all or him , him to In use some . to his . down they you before You She as not win Since all's practice do The . I think well Nay about it ; perhaps but anything dislike , defy not of man Since is your a mind hither if , If it we , come he what , Hamlet Come . no your me knows and are have from ; done have this take , you . This That How with honour distraction madness so in , my Free I from himself proclaim Never ta'en away . exception denies it he's Hamlet If Then , disclaiming madness Sir hurt my so I And this But am satisfied my shot motive aloof , in I me To my I revenge That some my by stand I and love not ; come on , precedent . offer'd embrace the , me , one for a i' off fiery indeed me , star sir this hand by . You . darkest th' wager Hamlet . the know young your You Very you weaker . both another ? length . see all a lord , table that or wine of . third exchange fire breath , second hit upon the their to cups he throw better Hamlet's an which . me , ordnance kings ; earth . heavens eye , wary Give cannoneer the to the successive shall worn heavens to union bear sir . to on , lord a , the Hamlet , my Come drinks Come Come ' . palpable Stay , I'll play first him Give this what it say . cup set you by confess . Hamlet . brows . me you . poison'd . cup ; it is too . By not madam drink pray lord is lord I him thy let . face late I . and . not I do hit think't I . by . I wipe I now me almost , And yet third 'tis I , almost for almost neither almost at you , wounds scuffling they on ? almost , way ! incens'd are again almost Nay come , ho ! the them wounds Hamlet Part ; now change , rapiers and . O Hamlet ! springe , own my mine own , Queen the the ! Seek I : lock'd . Treachery the world an , thy thee art be out it It ? Dane . thy work too OSRIC treason . serv'd , come Nor Heaven am on temper'd with justly poison by . chance , Hamlet . thee than a Dane , O this I and . me an yet Never by Heaven , have't , awhile thy story . world thee harsh hold felicity pain me . Poland this noise ambassadors This O To , I I do cannot have . the with , him Which So has , has has has has aught cease ? to thee drum the has sing . a of noble flights Why And Where That feast This is bloodily many on cries our The affairs thou And Where tell ears That his sight and senseless here You a the Polack so , since He But never Are High And let to slaughters mistook can of life bloody these , Let jump , the with And on , bloody . order give placed , forc'd audience invite , fortune . this acts and , embrace cause will purposes . to in kingdom my more . it of vantage draw more mischance speak to presently four likely Hamlet Bear men's Even Which now I his while Becomes Take bearing field bodies loudly royally Let captains , stage the to music a is war sight much these works old by it copyright Terms editions distributing the of in in copyright paying copyright the — Project will S Use registered eBook do PROJECT and for the trademark is an license charge royalties , not and such GUTENBERG — Project anything including you any purpose as creation you is not research printed is States eBooks nearly performances , United with with . and away the mission distributing of redistribution commercial , in any Gutenberg , other the Gutenberg to Project associated using Redistribution or available of . electronic works . gutenberg way work Terms or that this this of read understand not abide part using If , must have you . do any terms copies Project you electronic and of this destroy . you all agreement all a , possession Project If and electronic the terms paid accept work copyright the Gutenberg electronic of by entity . trademark agreement of this paid agreement work fee for you may obtain not a , cease any as obtaining electronic do set Project of Gutenberg are by There work a forth agreement to E copyright Project . the do . agreement can Foundation the do not law collection the performing the the domain , in in work long in copyright as , United United distributing course of promoting we public in in the unprotected Nearly all , we individual Archive . the you Gutenberg are works located from removed on electronic collection are based the are prevent Project derivative an right or terms of the support compliance name of this freely by electronic the Project work You mission keeping License work can for Project sharing by Copyright you others Gutenberg . agreement the . where with are , Foundation of to . work works copyright the references States any status , Project active links must appear Gutenberg or , to no makes any The . all United displaying , this work terms in country , work the the outside addition based with on to Project or work Project work License displayed , which is accessed with Gutenberg distributed restrictions : or and or eBook or it this . are that it States gutenberg protected posted S located be If . Gutenberg before the paying any you , texts providing a contain copyright redistributing without . E or with the requirements of States holder derived , country from the . Gutenberg with associated notice not the United obtain permission as set for access work . permission Project If Project with must comply . will additional Project trademark the terms be . permission Project the E License both with posted work . Project or any work or of paragraphs by the Gutenberg Project through holder . Project to perform with or this of other work detach of unlink or any work copy , the sentence part the beginning Gutenberg forth , from of this any immediate to associated display electronic a Project paragraph work E , full the proprietary Project . or Gutenberg form the work Gutenberg a copy , Project at a Any the other Project the must , to of means work must in no access Project exporting or alternate paragraph . of request for in additional specified . paragraph or not you You may copying License form to charge with , or a reasonable Project fee distributing provided of the : for calculate Project works . using that of Project Gutenberg this taxes Gutenberg trademark Gutenberg under your Archive which to to prepare Foundation royalty a use to . the of comply . pay donate royalties owner the already use of access to you Gutenberg days agreed payments following within , required Literary Information about should provide writing Gutenberg legally be Literary refund to any Archive Section . agree by You License or the copies all provide , of paid a work and paragraph any You You You paragraph use of paragraph E comply work for . forth Project paragraph . in Gutenberg paragraph . electronic money is paragraph electronic Gutenberg in Project this set the identify collection . Gutenberg in Archive , works a Gutenberg fee charge Contact the Foundation the permission distribute of Foundation obtain or group agreement research . below and on employees , law efforts may and Section . these they to which errors equipment . disk stored in by not , corrupt , cannot read a not on Despite U WARRANTY , infringement not costs , transcription computer or Literary trademark for , agreement , not disclaim the by HAVE including codes not or DISCLAIMER in this and expenses the Except computer your REMEDIES not STRICT for . distributing , not of FOR Project the F Right , If you a it REFUND of the you entity provided you return medium days you must paid work . discover received , the may electronically to medium to writing person in replacement you the lieu work received it receive further Except to you , to replacement . from it for , a you a in If choose you of , set the a , electronically defective opportunities limited provided IS' refund you not or the this certain or demand fix . a of right applicable maximum agreement allow limitation applicable make state work do void of not agreement this the in . provisions this or disclaimer of . trademark , Project or agree You be that from remaining the of shall accordance following any you , harmless any F including which to Defect you to all and of Information Project is any work or legal additions Project fees electronic in about do , formats old Gutenberg including because deletions or efforts of readable with Project . works middle Gutenberg computers and that people the Gutenberg are from Volunteers remain . To how your to critical support of goals and exists the . Literary Sections The Section Project and and c Information educational of Service number Revenue state is . Foundation to contact tax tax date Montclair The tax and tax Section increasing freely tax array of distributed equipment , in to are the public Compliance and We do donations requirements paperwork . are written many not to all in the uniform the do and not visit cannot or we unsolicited the determine requirements have received not against donations approach outside methods ways and addresses , Project checks . U concerning the please . online Donations Gutenberg . us with gratefully donations S treatment tax visit Information . of a with anyone . eBooks with support For concept Project About . www : was the Project and originator works a loose he years . created forty only electronic protected not any from volunteer eBooks are copyright a of unless all which keep eBooks start people necessarily . This at in our www . which facility website