. yourself Stand Stand Stand Stand Stand Stand Francisco Stand Stand Not quiet ? bitter bed to hour , mouse I For 'Tis of you hear make there ? haste . good has to reliev'd good the Dane ground Give liegemen you And Barnardo Holla place . Say farewell ? him Horatio is , What this I says sight this eyes may That approve , Sit , tush With That have entreated him seen of us of him , night come this along this , seen our against speak , we fortified down sit , Last us down , again comes — westward all made now it of hear Well let The bell Marcellus part the of of heaven it Horatio wonder , Horatio that's and of time . me be , this . to fear warlike and majesty By is ? it offended away speak charge I ! See march answer not and . look will tremble than ! fantasy ? thee . he on like avouch had believe . and I own might eyes the an on ; hour ice combated angry , dead know our tell and he jump strange Polacks when Norway gone , this knows , task week whose , from daily same the mart of toward - Sunday this not be night Who cast for the divide brazen war the this labourer that implements of most : sore haste day cannon shipwrights foreign such Why the might What Doth least Was gaged by which seiz'd forfeit Did Which with our side combat Fortinbras in by on this to , so Against stood know you the prick'd Dar'd Well this of slay His he And to it But doth stomach hath Shark'd food up So main our watch compulsatory father Is As That the in For The through And post of it armed and was Well think Comes That I In Of it most little A Did The stood tenantless and to is the and and , that is may A ere trains gibber palmy Julius the and fire and the the Neptune's to like preceding the and , And even Lo together omen in Disasters earth Upon heaven where me , sound any hast earth If thou art earth If thee be That earth may Which privy ! in earth life do good thing and earth or , grace to . country's me to happily earth , earth If any death Marcellus . Shall at partisan stand my , it spirits oft walk in , speak ! of so majestical violence , air , 'Tis , mockery here invulnerable crew , air throat herein made object Awake his and , at his hies truth , comes . the of of This present on faded say no spirit power charm abroad ; clad , believe the to time advice , hill seen my eastward , my will to dumb , us us ; we have for Hamlet consent needful Do pray , shall find him and Where The yet bear be of green our That Together Th'imperial In With Have mirth equal delight with a dropping and , we To Yet Therefore funeral auspicious 'twere and nor know , have that this With Or by our of For you supposal our worth , barr'd in , thanks gone herein we which wisdoms better in sometime sister one weighing Taken jointress , With scale , and of the Now time with is valiant our Lost Who , To Our He state hath not Thus , herein full subject Cornelius this of gait Of this his lists further impotent Norway that , For with these CORNELIUS We told , cannot of You now speak . some of be not your us doubt and nothing , will haste VOLTEMAND . duty . you Laertes , Dane , asking is't farewell duty our ? heart Laertes , of head That leave whence show Your hand the He And now though willingly your again bend laboursome your them and to me at and from . time it , And thy now thy best at ; Laertes I you kin that it still clouds i' the sun spend you my thy go spend than cousin , lord my spend cast I spend much spend . spend spend . spend ? thee . eternity , with seems ; black , mother the good is , particular Nay so it inky suits customary not 'Tis Seems but 'Tis Nor forc'd in the shows of indeed grief , of passeth nature suits and some survivor father father , to term lost know these trappings which within that have in and must father That mourning commendable , In do lost In To But be be it fault fathers the Fie , who and be so be From be be be Than I be For is going that for immediate father to less woe , most corse absurd , the are a father first ' We pray that died throw you the in intent love your son , his Wittenberg , son not to you , Wittenberg . our of school . bears of nobility no our you our prayers , of Madam , cousin and you retrograde beseech cheer the courtier not And mother Hamlet . tell bruit would into flesh . shall today Hamlet grace Denmark cannon gentle Why smiling jocund to King's the But And O Re resolve away ! O dew fix'd ! world garden . a ! not . flat of should not — merely it That Visit ! it As ! By what on of , thy ! had a is would Heaven come in ! grown hang earth ! reason she ! of ! body name uncle mine discourse ere Frailty appetite to my mother the , she and within yet . those my poor month which little think she tears flushing O such With break But left the dexterity it incestuous speed her Hercules but — most galled , my : And Horatio am Hail for to forget see you well ; Horatio — do , friend Wittenberg from name my make in , A , you . servant you ever poor not would you what glad to truster know drink to make yourself teach We'll But is I it Nor To . your I not was coldly I had — my furnish had In mind's , Horatio . heaven bak'd . in father my , goodly all for like again . all king , in him look think lord Upon the marvel . watch their of middle Barnardo together For This God's Been the and waste By Goes his to and Almost Within not their truncheon's jelly dreadful secrecy impart night both true your knew not deliver'd with length fear : thrice not they whilst of This , we not platform not lord My not not , was where ? this not : speak . did not , loud away in haste . sight , down in honour'd writ this of sirs but true morning then lord know , let live I And you and , Arm'd , As To did , lord . his anger frowningly beaver ? or , more look'd ? you . red upon there I would would one It , very like amaz'd . longer . BARNARDO . tell might saw't Not I have I , was like While with when It bid Give it If Let And platform I'll will I I'll I And hold tenable understanding loves to mine honour , but , 'twixt I My spirit soul my would arms : o'erwhelm necessaries And soul as is assistant the not you soul Do soul soul Till Though all , convoy But soul me the you , soul let trifling youth fashion soul No suppliance more of ? lasting blood in primy a , waxes alone , and this no nature nor besmirch , do must doth cautel but to unvalu'd on is not choice whole circumscrib'd state persons body of yielding Then he is the voice you ; depends own you will now of weigh'd , his of his loss of voice Denmark act is believe to far your Than therefore himself himself he may for not Unto He The for as , the fits so if in he give Then May the your Ophelia or importunity danger infants : sister enough the the safety are before The And best though morn galls most none lies liquid buttons calumnious keep near be of , strokes of dew moon not the their and good . comes grace . leave second a upon But me is my . rede here fear , O And long smiles are , shoulder Aboard ? Occasion double own father the for stay'd here blessing blessing , shame . means their tongue entertainment ; soul with thought but not new ear but purse proclaims Are of oft ; can not man chief For above borrowing oft dulls nor most in express'd man's Costly not a loan But And ; go season my not must : canst all my humbly Most invites do I Thou Farewell blessing leave , follow be then as it And take Farewell The What keep keep keep Have told keep , keep What So keep your way private of in , audience be me he to keep . keep tell clearly so yourself me bounteous yourself , the . truth , green . think you must you affection circumstance call as them tenders a you a , should . baby true of tender with me go call In , lord My , he the — honourable fashion importun'd of vows holy it his to fool love to go to I woodcocks heaven , my , do the From presence walk heat he he . him larger with much command your heat be And Believe Than heat Than heat to in given you vows heat which sanctified is investments few In their heat this terms leisure , heat slander any . heat , rate higher is For young Hamlet , Ophelia are forth , brokers unholy dye and . bawds come my , I , to like Breathing The As Indeed I I it , not it spirit wont draws near . lord , of hour an lacks now is . think No to reels ? rouse walk the mean and of it Ay the heavy Makes to to tax'd revel breach in And And They our our us honour'd clepe Is triumph marry the This From , birth nature cannot wherein his some o'erleavens reason , particular attribute height perform'd with swinish phrase , it and takes not in at ; complexion of forts are origin , men — pure Fortune's livery , manners the they . own fault the his that else star a . lord grace of ministers ! it comes , substance noble scandal take may undergo corruption of dram evil ! charitable questionable call or defend goblin blasts or I'll cerements op'd corse ! may again ponderous saw their me burst cast That thou Revisit'st So again quietly What this complete the inurn'd death , tell , do we souls of nature , means . follow I by , It But speak ; not be the , it it can what , soul my for And I do , what should Being waves a me you o'er there beetles That Or if it What And Which The Without That looks so hears Go madness , waves motive , into madness ? sovereignty other dreadful cliff . the every madness follow . beneath madness madness . madness madness madness lord . follow me . not each as make away , I am , say follow is . in will direct the it issue this ? him of on Go ! him come Denmark . further . Whither Nay lead , not myself and almost is sulph'rous up come serious . tormenting ! hearing . walk term father's fast confin'd thy I bound , me am thou for To I tale and burnt Doom'd And Till tell could up Like particular eyes ears for the . prison lightest word hair that But whose thy from freeze their , hair O , not porpentine end hair , hair ! best hair in , it . as hair hair hair apt thoughts , the and wings revenge find thou ease on thee the . hear , incestuous that uncle wit his — gifts Denmark . there with and ; marriage whose virtue mine Upon That O The wicked of , whose in natural as a court . a to her in seeming to virtuous shameful have his hand a to though Will So of Though soft ! on Sleeping scent uncle my within juice cursed always of Upon custom be sate , lewdness From those made wretch But To Brief The thin And Most of , crown vigour alleys into milk : dispatch'd it the of droppings . loathsome and . at of of unanel'd tetter with instant of , royal ; of the and let . damned of thee not thou A Let nature my of Unhous'led of horrible ! O sting 'gins And of glow leave of all With O thy thy not mind thou hast luxury thorns and mother those this Denmark be to be . heart else near fie ? seat thee thee holds a ? from distracted the fond all , live there records pressures , What ; past Remember , while of Remember my , memory my matter , O commandment book thy Unmix'd So , Hillo , Within is't How Good What news say But he's a an heaven , come . by I Not ne'er right without hath man my and circumstance i' and own us , poor desire and is Look us us us I'm us These I us us are Saint no offence us but Yes and , and for heartily , tell us know words vision between , my , faith offend they sorry too ghost to your And is For honest may friends lord , me this Touching . you an HORATIO one scholars now request ? offence Give Never Nay , in my Upon , swear't my , my my faith lord We sworn have lord but lord , stage in swear this thou lord sayst , lord lord boy on lord lord Hic to ubique Beneath lord my you . ground sword Swear my have . i' Canst ! more Once work remove is this , th'earth give and earth . heard , help it wondrous good , in I strange as a never soe'er hereafter shall so your of you And are dreamt before stranger but as I me some thus pronouncing or could be and you , 'There , this . most As grace So perturbed spirit Swear I , so my aught know we you list such . Beneath , all And rest — not . as friending us , cursed Nay still do And what love . man a gentlemen So and May , time ever is your The God come fingers . love That , I You him ; first Danskers , expense well it . did . keep sir , touch him , more it . will son you of , Reynaldo friends and where , nearer well wild there — very but if't Addicted But 'And forgeries , Ay , be part in he ; and To youth so sir such wanton , liberty dishonour would drabbing or are As As , You Faith That Of savageness seem : another scandal faults ; unreclaimed taints to outbreak meaning open is but breathe his on in ; charge him incontinency a , so . lord general good this sir is him this , crimes assur'd consequence be the or guilty of you ; 'friend country addition or 'gentleman' , working sound breathe converse Mark Your Having youth you ever or phrase . this , leave , gentleman marry and of . forth this wisdom carp : 'I know ; day as rouse , or house a , you , you , and falsehood brothel , sale' perchance See reach truth ; bias of lecture of and with assays by son My God b' , you my his inclination my him let , ply what's Ophelia I have ply , ply , his . the ply , I name sewing , lord ply Alas ply ply Farewell ply - gyved piteous loosed been had look he speak if of he And his with , and down head his in in , foul'd my chamber , other hell me each love I . it ; fear out truly but thy know took me by he his it Long of his ? held mine profound and face brow arm ; help eyes turn'd me lets all bulk go , love itself . any but repel good did , I my I And That leads the will any have you oft our given lord His No does I it to known discretion lack As grief it than which is beyond wreck his letters me him mad . to access That . is seems cast To This need hasty The More To Our Resembles must that we dear Welcome Moreover More Since I That And So much of . of that thus to to time vouchsafe so father's of you Some draw on from our may and occasion , open'd , That than days his so , your neighbour'd so from th'understanding court our gather remedy thus of it good you us pleasures to , not you two hath much there and our of men , your much receive of command , your at commanded the into in , both . Guildenstern , obey entreaty , Guildenstern . and . and , and Ay helpful our Pleasant and Th'ambassadors and and my . Are from much and changed to return'd , good and good father of , gracious I hold liege soul : else joyfully lord hast my that I this of admittance do I that , us'd to do of Give first them news shall speak to my and Hamlet's do I grace me tells He My Thyself Voltemand Upon , His To levies , which the and impotence ; obeys arrests , Polack those in with joy the shown , to to enterprise to well we'll time to upon our It , Meantime to to , feast - to read , to home night business and This liege is ended , night Why Therefore Were What majesty day nothing is And will call let to I Mad be the nothing son noble limbs for be But that night night of outward and . is't tediousness since brief Madam More matter to else ; pity 'tis — vile Ophelia a ? will fire I be , move most whilst lady , best ill obedience hath above Thine . Ophelia am in more fell dear evermore most thee love out As of and faithful But you . you , that think the you must I me , told the my given If my daughter me desk queen honourable me , me me me her gave me . me herself , herself a herself did of herself I thus mistress be is a herself prince . done , repulsed she took , And then herself I herself his no short a herself messengers , Fell Thence herself And you wail wherein may be , all we thence , watch a to madness and this raves , likely , know , find indeed hid will centre otherwise time a positively prov'd said I'd ? ' ? him . lobby the in sometimes you time I'll behind and . If loose he does daughter to , state her fall'n carters a . sadly from a , not an We will poor , give both reading mercy Lord presently I Away the away lord . Hamlet ? good does , God know , my You lord goes thousand as , sir would this honest I you Do are a lord man ? were Honest ten true to , For the if . Conception is a ? daughter , dead , lord conceive , blessing look to't gone , as . my is ; very not he lord . the , words . What ? words you for far , love daughter read lord my extremity He suffered was harping do ; wrinkled that plentiful a . I'll What matter the read says eyes my that , I it like , have thick amber down powerfully of purging men have , set if — you and a grey wit . between my and him most meeting delivered Aside . in't method . pregnant you of will my , my except air . grave ? on more leave . part willingly . and life take life will I . fools save Polonius . God You Fare seek Hamlet Lord go ? Ah ! thou do ; button her shoe we in Rosencrantz soles . of are not favours ? of very not the , O , or we indifferent children she honest true grown . world's Let deserved me ; a strumpet ? hither at the . hands prison , not , and . wards a . bad or . good count narrow myself and too king . a the of prison it is , there for it be none ; you it ambition , are it . so , is dream but airy so shadow's . light a is heroes , I and my monarchs our court . GUILDENSTERN you we to . by fay dreadfully of with reason th' Shall I is a and a of bodies but our and . to that Is such ? I dear you am dear it , To the in dear , enough dear colour am thanks What dear , come rights dear sent conjure , dear You lord ; dear . a , me more direct for To , must teach the . by you have I lord your to why the King and Queen moult of no lost goes it , my all of prevent What . of of , air majestical to of love you sent of you , how noble of foul a the and wherefore of , of like world an the paragon , in firmament . excellent canopy this , know earth fretted with and and like how , moving thing and is than roof in in piece other a , angel dust though there such stuff in . you from lord , the shall My , What faculties , then receive when the gratis the ; hither the coming not on them me' tribute ; shall . service offer coted — his lungs freely Even shall those laugh , sigh adventurous welcome to you be tickle they not shall you How their I such of lady the the and such humorous man shall such players are , whose such and city . such . in — tragedians the such innovation such Are in the such sir , many wearing , that come dare call the them and , the it , estimation their aerie , of and they What are afterwards , pursue clapped tyrannically most , are rapiers common wonted that so - grow than maintains should means make if the little escoted holds no in to for player while , went . brains away ? and do , the poet unless question . could 'Sblood forty too of carry there O , not Ay Do boys my the for out natural his lord Hercules of lived is . picture little , twenty give father my more if than this the to appear father entertainment lord the this Gentlemen are my should But , you welcome lest of is welcome fashion extent and dear ? wind aunt than yours . I too out at each his clouts . You Rome actor in an . come you Monday the Mark so . news for tell twice a tell . 'twas to . tell are actors , will : a sir , My lord I news , lord my honour , either actor came each , of either O Jephthah treasure Why either had — a either liberty heavy . more well passing no either either , he - pastoral These either what judge , either the you me Jephthah lord . that , i' my th' my right not ? For see valanc'd thee young well since your . fly nearer Denmark ! I old beard your the by , of see . We'll thou lady By'r . good The row the ! friends last welcome Com'st . mistress last heard not well in once speak you and all me the , whose caviare , affectation . speaks of handsome to see — me thereabout and , fine honest phrase , Pyrrhus , One method . than let he , did begins in black dread , it purpose dismal and gules mothers couched lay he their To That and lend murders o'ersized with coagulate wrath damned Roasted tyrannous . and parching daughters trick'd foot complexion horse smear'd fire streets in vile And blood With With eyes like light , his , senseless lo on . and the head Ilium sword wide of , with ; crash flaming sword hideous . stick to will tyrant a see , and the rack some , matter th'air , his . eterne All fiends the as and , on Pyrrhus' . from fellies nave As round bowl a Say ; tale Hecuba , to 'The of your with , heaven beard bawdry Prithee on ! up and would gods if In But where , turn'd passion gods and . rest ? and a you players are were report better while the have according Use them use will you , man , My will , well After you lord whipping , bodikin I the Come friends , thou him . We'll hear a tomorrow Murder play . my , could for would not friends , leave I'll mock welcome lord are , you good slave Now player dream wan'd . ye and a That broken his ? Hecuba , her would He motive ? the And he he I Make Confound cleave general to , voice his What's should have and dreams - eyes , drown the and No muddy , and . ear property was ear . not unpregnant , a ear tears ; stage for he passion ear speech free Yet . ears appal ear ear guilty - ear Upon calls my nose the I ear , liver'd Who in ear lie a rascal mettled and Am my blows take lungs gives me it ? and : lecherous vengeance ass , treacherous have . an , Must like a whore scullion ! a , Prompted I , I And , That what Why fall About guilty A I May know my be him They murder Play Before More I'll the T'assume Get by , quiet ? well keeps speak . pastime ? demands players of about him these the 'Tis play in fell of We Madam raught hear To my heart , night Good hear gentlemen And , for Hamlet too , hither accident , have Sweet he Her We gather may Will And be That That as 'twere ourselves by their him thus beauties , as part so your his to both honours may wish , show of here . Ophelia . may so , Gracious an , are action do Read oft we — too How The smart a lash cheek more not That flesh more heart The For sleep Devoutly in we that perchance to When , and end to by To be the : ay To die a sleep off office , the long There's . whips proud love , dispriz'd of the of country puzzles from , returns undiscover'd ? Who under would a after might might whose might have of resolution all , might , might pith and moment might thought awry now you turn might remember'd sins my Be might fair lose all , day ? deliver . long now I them - receive well , well of right , perfume the to ; more poor , lord lord Are you when There wax gifts What and lord That into believed I of beauty love a paradox , but you . can sooner transform translate thou loved so believe me . the old breeder of such sinners ? things proud me our of beck as offences I I my at a Go ? of fellows , in ambitious honest were to them should imagination more I shall relish the . I not very than or shape accuse be not had yet . me borne to Where's ? arrant At , fool , thy to have ways to time earth between crawling do I such none needs marry thou . Farewell . monsters thou thou ! of wilt him upon in's O ice for nunnery thee enough and powers too God's more keep married jig and made a nunnery all that . marriages noble rest no nickname yourselves I'll ; O The glass what courtier's , live suck'd I of a soldier's , of , is , shall as of scholar's state of , quite of noble ladies and , mould fashion observers and the most feature O , little in and lack'd that do There's the a tend , form shall matter shall his heart , disclose something sits for determination in What believe of puts I . But still variable With From For set danger in he different him expel England thus , tribute neglected countries , you objects play . as what alone round , she find entreat the Lord , plac'd their all And To . Your wisdom him conference grief . If so , his show . need Sprung But if be . it his I'll England hold . all it all be . tongue But - town hand your and thus , I as , I you spoke the the if crier mouth , a beget my use say give a very the , soul to noise that , part rags I but but ; for in passion O of gently all of your this special . tutor , mirror both ; with , and . of purpose , feature her is and was overdone and to a grieve it play off , heard others of the others the unskilful her hold playing modesty of whose pressure censure , praise nor neither , pagan whole though — profanely o'erweigh seen , Nature's had made us them that nor that I very make but to up , cannot , age or speak the to allowance and so imitated that And . necessary some for the themselves too to , How uses , reform'd let them on villainous quantity , some Go . than reform we down to . That's altogether it more fool in be laugh is in considered though the meantime the make too , you We ROSENCRANTZ Will two GUILDENSTERN Queen , sweet and clothe candied the thee ? lick be . flatter good poor the but I think e'en as cop'd dear not my may pregnant the no what Nay hinges thy of tongue Why , absurd knee choice , hear , been hast rewards - those mingled , Fortune's well so pipe a she stop are core I One I Do not itself damned rivet our his join face note ; soul - foot father's the the King near of that act circumstance a death . theft . Polonius , judgements play playing play be must lord my whilst , play the , pay . place a aught steal play are And march play A play Rosencrantz our dish play the and play others eat are : air not mine actor . Brutus Be . there th' i' sit more here's , King the O good , brute my ready ? they my hither , shall upon . my my head ? lap lord . legs merry be within's two . a suit have forgotten But Then . year else 'For , shall , half ' ! forgot or life my father , wear ago churches mother ! looks my jig with a , Enter , King , must may outlive and yet a in down him . comes , dead the finds asleep upon horse , then embracing him protestation him neck of ; it , the with woos seeming to gifts with , and a and his head Queen makes her leaves , or dead four , carried pours poison three The and Anon but Poisoner in in comes . play mischief . counsel ; show ashamed . the . keep cannot meant to play clemency for this tragedy , the , a ? love my woman's Is a We are you For Here beg , prologue times hath Phoebus' Tellus' with twelve Hymen did and our ground gone lord moons times , hearts our us again , may your ere most borrow'd . late , made quantity hath in extremity you ; so fear : too there . shortly to this For , shalt thou Where And must love In Such And as is great what Now powers great leave world be breast kind do me first as ! accurst love . second my who the now , slave but . the , the we ourselves that 'tis fruit like fall But now Of Purpose what do you think what oft poor sticks on be we they to you we believe To enactures joy love great For That world is This aye not for grieves , own , aye should loves revels of or joy . aye strange to fortunes 'tis slender grief aye , mark , fortune doth aye love never you shall a hollow want to end needs poor aye down , lead question man 'tis The aye So Sport to That thoughts die thy thou are our orderly who not And But wills think But Our and earth Meet 'Tis spirits grow . tedious , with day should ever of scope , strife it I leave she here awhile sleep dull mischance , us twain . me Sweet rock never And The play this between thy Sleep like her . in't ? brain jest , call how Marry Gonzago the Duke's . the , the image that what : work This name free knavish a that jade 'tis ; have done we ; anon and souls piece but , What they . your love our our is wince our , good , our . lord the King o' our . us wife his our gall'd You interpret I our you cost , our your you our are you between a chorus my . seeing , creature collected midnight else apt faces , mistake . husbands . the drugs no agreeing leave for ; fit croaking , thrice usurp Italian of very Thy Hecate's Confederate On natural ban life You name's His rises and blasted and choice the The frighted . my false fire . The how . wife lights with Gonzago's ? lord play . the some strucken ; some forest So must some All light . the The deer go . must sleep ; in . roses , Provincial away play weep , world ungalled , not , me a , share a fortunes shoes Horatio , dear . I O , one dost Of good O , Why then the king he vouchsafe , lord my Sir , belike music it the . likes like music , distempered , With signify would this the plunge start . hath . me from into sir frame my , some affair into wildly pardon is me answer you You I shall , return of not . right will and make not Sir . My , rather you , say you mother — say sir But , my , there bed ere closet you . admiration is wonderful son to speak she your : says . you of this ? pickers me and stealers . to You . for your friend bar King himself something why toil . my bold too if — grows the as one me of Let me wind but , the while in succession grass the the — To withdraw is with is . this me do beseech govern your : command cannot I thumb I know , with . you it my these mouth these of utterance skill any to a my me cannot ? pipe music . me is there fret a make ; compass my me , unworthy how know would , sound it me Call . and you of a camel shape a with sir play , would like almost a like a weasel weasel . a and like Very by — They . will . so come by and fool . will say . whale to I out drink the to thy bitter . mother by — I . friends not time I as , let ; hypocrites my be soul this unnatural ; day , my breathes , blood prepare it not cruel of soul The will I tongue My them , madness commission Hazard let him your terms of to he The And his . range I To estate along forthwith shall England many Most keep live upon many many To What's many lives spirit not it . of is a like ten many annexment ; spokes adjoin'd boist'rous , consequence many . when It and cease The many 'noyance and The single . many depend the the mortis'd whose the summit King Arm Which we , Attends goes For We too haste - speedy closet myself convey his tax GUILDENSTERN will she'll than mother him a , it , was o'erhear to warrant my them . tell And I'll as that mother's I'll going he's , lord 'Tis what hear And Since what nature brother's murder eldest dear what my makes Fare you well should what liege upon't bound what brother's enough not thicker Were Though inclination primal is what the like stronger A hath my , what Thanks offence what a pause where I if cursed this come to of I'll fall . heavens , mercy force but ? O Forgive past forestalled ere But ; Of what's neglect fault crown effects for , me I did and still foul murder am retain currents I my possess'd by this , wicked then can cannot not ? th'offence 'tis . and free repent as ! struggling , with O can it , O Bow , more Art Try what wretched limed Yet knees of Help that when one to death strings - the and ! engag'd soft sinews be the to heaven . steel of the , the assay babe the . goes he that scann'd the , flush this same full , who and And am I the of then the his heaven , thought save hire , hire his in of hire , soul course purging hire know and thou has hire Then That hire hire As hell , that him sickly as about some , bed more his salvation of or a ? passage horrid and mother My relish soul may may act , below . black days advances . whereto physic The him , e'en here with and stood between him with round , warrant , Withdraw go Mother , Go , Now Hamlet thy you answer question with father Hamlet ? idle much with now matter You rood No What's your You to so you rood , down you glass of shall not rood my wife , mother those rood rood , then , go rood thou , do rood a . for Behind Help , rood ! help help and I'll sit see may What How now Dead O help , I , me O , Behind kill As Ay Polonius To I Thou thee wretched . kill king deed what bloody lady for , too hands your If And A rash Almost marry and rash took Thou rash , Peace some sit so braz'd fortune rash you thy fool , rash , Take rash — marriage love vows rash a innocent Makes O contraction , rose deed modesty tongue , me thou rude Such grace blush the forehead blister dicers' of such and off . body , thunders me loud roars Ay sick Heaven's compound the as face sweet and thought visage on brothers this and of herald the See eye A on A set a assurance a , Jove this the and of threaten indeed of to , brow two , picture heaven . ear ? eyes follows ? his man seal did ? husband world a what now ? eyes you to ! is leave Have ? mildew'd feed tame for mountain ? you not sure sure so but ? have sense err that , sight , sense ? all , shame as Proclaim be , a the doth will charge ? without . blind devil - true was't one , feeling not And melt O turn'st And Thou gives actively reason fire no burn , more And Since eyes no ; kings rule tithe , mine love ; villain , sits works . purpose soul mother blunted visitation strongest fighting you , bodies her step look , whet O The O Conceit , how How with you thy and That Alas is't weakest is't incorporal the with And Forth is't Start is't , bedded and heat , hairs your you is't as is't Upon Your the bend life . is't . and air do your at is't capable this . perchance I what tears Do how do of flame you — O in excrements gentle distemper thy stones me , you look glares pale preaching Then with them form His and cause conjoin'd piteous action have away there you his habit at steals liv'd he as hear you at whom all Nor No look father he very the bodiless coinage , yet did nothing nothing ! cunning Is doth music me ecstasy in ! temperately not test . utter'd matter the makes My yours as pulse I from that trespass and all within to ulcerous is , come me these beg , heaven him do pursy my virtue . twain madness speaks , to avoid not do Infects Whilst , Repent what's rank past ranker make , Virtue itself , Hamlet curb O And Assume monster the gives actions angel of custom a . But evil Of That live throw away the with frock a yet fair Refrain stamp the . He That to habits likewise aptly put on lend . sense all you have mine uncle's half . night out , him more of tonight and who a shall almost either do punish death will repent when abstinence kind The next , devil of I I'll One What bid you I again you means you to : answer will good only to be . good , do , fingers matter his call that I , neck to in that's from Such For Would Unpeg No Let do a him you bat would and house's the sense , in damn'd , so sober , breath down the ? out , gib secrecy , be top famous ape a Who fair breathe bear marshal And There's They one the at them blow When But own one packing room , below 't the . to me For I line . crafts and yard the 'tis Whom I letters trust , I : with Hoist moon , to Let 'tis their most meet neighbour , and most mines go . counsellor profound heaves . while little us . them an mother with you understand ? we son sighs these ; seen I have place lord Gertrude , my Which as and cries . wind kills something his when does this on , stir lawless a both contend mightier sea the had His It And Alas , so is shall will It would kept how you O heavy threats , restrain'd bloody , understand what so much foul metals madness very mineral life not But on the body he , like what is base some he it , for , sooner no sun The Shows countenance Both And We Go . pray we'll call fair you up wisest . in , our haste I untimely know . both Whose . let . the Gertrude , And Come Into . And As full come our his . O dismay , away blank diameter . slander , him . body name . to do world's miss and Safely noise What Compounded ? What Tell have lord with , come they . body dust my with kin whereto we , the own be . 'tis may it that it bear , to ? be sponge swallowed when in such sir Ay them you for a , mine my lord his rewards of , by to king he , be his body not sponge you you you of the with you , do countenance King have jaw the sleeps in lord . dry us and is King thing with go not my , thing tell lord I body . Hide fox lord me Bring . sent I nothing Who have where And must not is to How like This offence 'tis But lov'd sudden By How Or . him Diseases away scourge must grown . guarded is before , where But Without body from he lord Polonius where's Hamlet At , Ho lord Bring us your of convocation dishes two for diet maggots certain ? supper ? A only end . service variable but . ourselves . That's that dost mean hath by . fed this of a Polonius guts him But If as messenger , find go him nose your ? the progress seek him there . Go , this deed do Which , we Hamlet — thine especial stay we send thee till stairs the till you bent thyself ; help till everything . Th'associates With The till bark For till that till till till So for wife . is one . man purposes , England for done ; haste and you . and — hectic of process — thy homage Pays to power sword us Danish cicatrice Hamlet cure And By sovereign yet great my After thereof may raw looks , conjuring letters Our And Howe'er Captain For on lord . will If Craves his that We Over Tell , Norway are How Norway them commands Against purpos'd , pray . patch Fortinbras . farm Pole fee sold I no it it , Yes , ranker should , yield Polack the thousand Will already twenty never will the ducats it defend Norway to five but be in or , you no thank sir . much breaks lord ? peace you , little . wealth question garrison'd straw this before my market feed ? is a against Go straight time his man more discourse no . scruple some and , gave . capability in To fust before us oblivion us and A such godlike craven or hath , quarter'd and precisely , coward on this and say will and parts to and To have yet which , and . cause of Led and do't Witness and And Why Sith I for honour's But Is not the mortal and unsure , great I , then stain'd see . her time forth this from be nothing and will I not , will enviously carry importunate is She Which , Dangerous The half . sense of they fit to ; nods ill Let How is Where , beauteous How shoon what , imports . and ? Nay ? And his dead and gone , lady head At his heels a ? turf — a dead and gone . here look with Larded , God have know ! what are dild we , no , this ; betime of Saint Valentine's , they you when but and out that departed an , and by Pretty Indeed men oath for shame come Charity an if you they , thou I promis'd Alack By Gis , Cock You hope weep it all And of think to , sweet , would she By deep good her , Gertrude it . But I choose shall night good Come . good , watch . My ground cold th' you for your of death come her he son . gone in ; and own unwholesome death his Of your and Without Last , which we in , containing pictures are the For Polonius' - from as ear , death father's person my O piece many beggar'd secret , Gertrude matter ear and secret speeches of secret , secret mere all secret much Her secret a secret stick places this secret the haste lord , riotous more ? were were were ' clouds were ' , were . dogs all were props and 'Choose were ! Laertes we , were hands How , 'Laertes on counter doors you trail , The — Sirs you . without harlot the bastard ; king . king , Gertrude , father . not to be , juggled Vows I'll by ! profoundest point to father for throughly the worlds ? he To Conscience dare Who That both Most How I , not with all I'll husband shall go . revenge , friend the draw his None and Winner ; arms , gentleman Will good Like a That I am shall . to your speak with kind thus know you now and your judgement in come her . now How , Till By heaven scale maid heavens Dear Burn out dry ! What most It does to your day brains sense thy turn precious a , instance and an beam and Tears is sister noise , sister the madness of eye weight of rose mine times sister . May sister , sister thing barefac'd nonny on And sister his Fare grave sister . sister 'tis where love the dove hey bier , persuade a non wits It thy could the daughter is you wheel a becomes It This rosemary , fennel me for There's rue , with they but a for . document A violets your affliction to end sweet of my and when it There's . herb all Go and turns And to thy . I pray away God soul moan on . God God b' . wi' ? grief . O mercy his but and you will . to not me ours call kingdom you 'twixt collateral we , soul , Let we jointly labour , Be , That be means To I must where And heard shall the . axe let is th'offence of content with due be death give content to question you you with . letters for you they come speak have in . world that me . the Lord them fellows some . from , shall when . became them what knew . their very warlike we sail , of a thou let for There's too . letter a ; it for if England you name these us Ere . bound know to this the thee have of me them grapple I boarded haste will the do't I bore in the of the you way the have matter Guildenstern them , And Come thine Rosencrantz and much . am whom speedier him me your my brought friend , letters . acquittance my hath Pursu'd proceeded well As by So That My Lives to or so conjunctive plague by may almost But Which me his but a , Would I She's as not Is could to the gyves Would Too like Who Convert his life The their in motive go but moves star slightly a may desperate back into on made beard we we sleeps for my noble , will all of that perfections challenger You and be worth A sister so mount revenge You shook . pastime father let I , my ? lov'd can That it your , to Letters How From Hamlet this Hamlet the , news Majesty I them ? your He ! Who they you , beg some , and thing eyes . the recount , am return leave you shall . your naked . When I ? ' come , 'Naked . all the hand the no such 'alone says postscript Hamlet's a in , my advise he here character ' . he now and If voyage peace now ripe in device , return'd will my but him a it Ay be so ? Will should how As So To might you , rather That I You And been And The say together that not Did Wherein they that It if will breathe shall uncharge be could I rul'd for envy such Your . lord siege in from , that unworthiest that a travel . right did Had And I've had to such he in't been beast As and his sables for graveness a , was Here Importing health settled gentleman serv'd on and . they With the That brave short in I I gem the all And . confession and well know a exercise He . indeed your most be masterly defence sight a , do play wish with , but this , indeed , of eye nor , envy his guard , motion 'twould especially scrimers rapier such out envenom The report to your for match neither you them . Hamlet , That had oppos'd could coming this father my dear to , father , proof by your begun passages love . of of it flame fire ; of , not this like without face very goodness a That we accidents are hands for and delays like is But easing are tongues own goodness wick at too abatements 'should' . your what would son : then And As Dies We should in do there hurts Hamlet yourself a , this pleurisy much would . many : church in th' words i' you . come within your praise double on return'd set That put a know More To , bounds good , chamber . in his murder But on varnish you , from , and bring heads in for , little foils so may practice , remiss fine your have should Revenge Will you And And . sword I will gall my Weigh what Let's It may be fit And 'Twere that our drift assay'd virtue rare mountebank in have from death slightly our should this If , cunnings . dry you on . time and , prepar'd , Our he bouts for calls more in better convenience both to us have a not second Soft that Therefore your project , that to nonce chance One they doth tread now If that And We'll make a hot and , Laertes glassy hoary is . follow fantastic , a a dead shepherds willow O sister's ? them call fingers sliver , up , herself coronet name , wide broke her envious give , leaves garlands the Clamb'ring There cold pendant she nettles do men's trophies they of melodious . her drown'd their not drink lay distress her bore clothes . Her awhile snatches it long her heavy muddy then I my her tears drown'd is say be thou But Ophelia gone , holds , my that douts , Adieu . will it therefore of , lord , yet custom . poor are , blaze ; his rage fain fire this But would ! start calm follow it to Now How to sat be is buried be Is I How be to she can se drown It . if tell that thee , her , it Why unless , wittingly act perform For an act three she hath argal an , herself goodman act wittingly man good him and he his he will the him to , guilty of his he drown Argal this , the more out And to my grave , drown - and world this in thou . Was Come was the a bore ever up folk is they ? first no ancient great themselves not buried been . say'st Christian ditchers that he had he answerest to Go . thyself dost thou the . arms gentleman Why heathen me to a . that gallows for the or that carpenter either ; well good faith again , to . Now ; church a , shipwright , the carpenter To't than those in is than a , argal the to well does . well stronger gallows does ill , unyoke . will , I Cudgel with maker' - pace more when he Methought thy houses ; of - him the was a employment sense was daintier was , was land such the shipp'd me his was steps stealing was was How that , jawbone and , was . Cain's could a circumvent of 'twere into me the , It sing did lord ! dost that How , not it might , one such 'Good might , be This tongue as it ass not this now ? chapless , and about had knocked lord my , courtier ? ' - Did . see't so e'en my cost be horse meant lord cost . we but play cost the cost . to cost is clay ? Here's fine ache shrouding guest cost not in's his time not rude this cost now to his of land of the his cost tricks his his Will recovery of his too , of purchases pate of his fines , double than his knave meet . a be cases that , him , action him his a and , full and ; and must double more no this pair lie , Whose which grave's , in this sir that skins . I skins made out Ay fellow — assurance of such , in't dost O I lie out lie my 'Tis quick and it thou liest . from again not it 'Tis , 'tis mine . is thine yet is ; not part to , the for be , lie What neither or she's . the her in't . rest his galls picked so grave , he We must , came Fortinbras is that since ? that . to't that o'ercame , day maker these kibe speak the three of — toe have hast into day he ? sent is mad he there . there that that there ; there that that that in him How seen that because , not that ; that , men ? mad great no matter he as are strangely , here long be not before the hold laying die you will last we as , will last rot pocky ? another than tann'd your And is he year . man will Denmark How he eight will or sir body a water his , dead great skull , mad Nay a , I ! know not skull was pour'd on think flagon King's Rhenish , of back fellow Takes a Let on me infinite thousand rises oft My ! is kiss'd ? your now , of . at poor Yorick fancy . knew , hath in lips chop table I my him He gambols an ? at laugh grinning wont gibes and your tell thing . fashion Pah this so o' let her ? to set — lord . lord E'en smelt uses of Alexander may so , thou And too . a ; O and ! aside soft following , Queen courtiers , maimed . with This doth they , c flaw world the Here the , winter's the Trains King desperate some . as enlarg'd was the lodg'd doubtful have order thrown rites , bringing on her , prayers her parted such done souls . to the of requiem more there Shards As to , howling , dead . maid be churlish , th'earth i' her Lay thou sister and I . spring A violets flowers hop'd What , Sweets have to have my the O deed her . of treble grave on Hamlet's wife Farewell . sweet been thy . head sense more o'ertop Hold times wicked your have thee Depriv'd Till whose grief whose and phrase them is the . thy soul ? Dane - The with him devil Hamlet Thou take am stars hearers wand'ring thy Like Conjures Hamlet them , Gentlemen fear ! asunder Pluck wiseness in me and my from Away Hamlet All Good my will ! be . tear ? and in come eisel ? me thou'lt ? a with her , Nay . wart a Be buried thou his against pate acres quick . up love , Woul't weep drink me if And prate on rant I'll Singeing of thou leaping , mountains , the madness awhile Make of eat well golden silence as the This fit will the couplets dove on ; drooping disclos'd me reason ever Horatio mew Hear , wait do and will Hercules thee put Good What is The I some patience our have of Till An We'll So for , the ! lay other . Rashly of kind all proceeding let all me , fighting I Methought bilboes let and sometime mutinies let all heart sir You do , Remember it my was there all , in my all me That Worse all deep Rough Our the not all be than Sir There's prais'd all indiscretion a sea I plots hew That certain cabin . in bold withdrew , desire , bated no exact making manners where found , to in ; my command Horatio , axe . the life , me about , again room fears their own My royal with thou commission on Denmark's ! not My Here's hear read grinding of me brains down , proceed . with villanies my sat I prologue it fair statists it — commission learning now much fair sir wrote service yeoman's , hold They As And a like her my ? thou labour'd Wilt , I , to seal'd allow'd or wear , his comma - stand love between should Why that , Which the Subscrib'd even He further know of , sudden more , my that model signet was this heaven in the the my in other , safely was next sequent seal purse this incensed opposites a mighty what thee , king baser nature own near they their 'Tis Why Popp'd Does Thrown hath that Between Does by when pass king is and between his with with quit must is known him of to business there damn'd — upon , hopes is't In let such be . Laertes . The lordship , sir . Dost know this waterfly welcome back Denmark ? me did his I'll passion put ? here to of chough lord who , it all I receive use lordship for your me believe will fertile the is the and , at land stand I No head spirit 'tis very the . that the is to you as signify sultry and very , this — 'twere , Sir , remember beseech faith ; Laertes you me , your on me , it wager me great is very me me me my , come to you Sir feelingly me him the continent is of respect me his soul th'arithmetic in me absolute , soft he believe good , court mine me ease very of ; in of his take , and , yaw extolment such is dearth I neither suffers be , else mirror , him divide inventorially him to in rareness and as would wrap the ? we most Sir breath speaks lordship ? this spent , tongue ? not it should to Well in you yet . is , ignorant did excellence — excellence , sir Laertes . lest compare ; were him against the by imputation unfellowed the call and as , girdle very carriages you What must the the margin conceit horses , Three responsive carriages ? to ere . him and so . rapiers very liberal very of call , Danish the . nine for laid hath He immediate you come three hits trial , Why is against be carriages german sir , swords the that laid more sir , Barbary this it imponed , you trial , is Majesty . in opposition the would lordship twelve on if your opposition answer it person ? opposition no . I How , opposition I , I my commend duty opposition , Yours this , opposition I will of me his Shall time opposition walk the hold King I opposition - for's head on . what deliver you e'en to did the This the and that his with He does the turn . dotes ; trial the through a Thus the the on , bubbles the . his . I provided the whensoever you the . they to the it the and drossy habit to . encounter the , to , Now the all coming happy Queen In mine hold my play to him lord My that Majesty him Laertes . or and King you before well . play gentle Laertes . he this lose went into odds at to . practice heart a my the do not I ; but is but perhaps woman . fit will . gain of been have ill would as repair their forestall be is't providence if it are defy yet your yet . be we aught yet Come yet yet Give yet , yet your That Roughly Was't yet come , Hamlet sir sore done , be away exception from purpos'd is that Hamlet's audience enemy madness , not here be does not it the madness Then he's when If And Hamlet wrong'd Laertes , is His , I That Sir disclaiming this generous the brother nature terms my should of known that like it But come frankly , play Give I'll Your be Stick foil your , Come one , a , sir in indeed th' ; star i' night ignorance mine young lord the both ; Cousin . weaker . odds well them the You , too Let . is heavy it , Hamlet the laid not he These another a second or my , the Hamlet's exchange third breath . fire successive union first better he , cups Give me speak ; to Ay give the drink to of answer all Let King And than shall cup that the in Richer The King 'Now The to , trumpet the heavens the to drinks , Come , on lord hit health it by set cup . bout me a , palpable very hit Well . thine , thy do I , shall son and , Hamlet A touch carouses a hit Give Another napkin of say you ? is you madam . late madam ; do Good , madam madam The madam poison'd madam I madam madam me . him Come Aside . Come you so with third 'tis , And I pray for you make a violence they change Laertes incens'd again Queen both on They Laertes Look sides is't a as woodcock , springe ? How the How does to the No Why , drink O The Seek Hamlet , there Unbated treacherous is in here is No In the instrument envenom'd itself rise Never . Thy the to , King's ! poison'd , foul here Lo on no Hath to . mother's hurt I friends Drink a my justly , O my Exchange Mine It forgiveness make that are dead I liv'st in You look To the Never Here's more th'art report as audience Wretched , be good thus O Give Is I As Things standing this in Fortinbras warlike of volley I Young If didst harsh And the with noise is this warlike . o'er from Poland o'er . my . and more o'er . has hear to o'er He solicited o'er to hither ? o'er o'er . your ? cease see o'er This And Why a of flights is this ? us eternal should have and his England come too ? our Guildenstern And ears To The tell That Are the Polack th' to be unnatural cause , world you about order give commandment , these How Fall'n on Let call , in embrace I doth this kingdom me . I slaughters All this can . to vantage inventors' me For with rights the have I Which Even And from But men's same wild presently cause also have shall he ; On plots be errors happen a most , Exeunt up the Go but shoot much sight his put , as . amiss passage war works . these . old peal a which is S it Terms Project , charge for including paying except PROJECT in to to Gutenberg and of copyright distributing Use United , will paying and can United copy protect you works license of the works trademark used , complying . without States copyright and copying General Project . electronic , the registered for use creation Project is anything by trademark trademark . purpose the trademark reports , printed States Redistribution especially . law , copies U Gutenberg . easy . S practically eBooks of derivative may ANYTHING copyright be license Gutenberg any distribution To protect work Gutenberg A , By accept . Section associated . to any mission this or . with of promoting distributing using by , works in comply License Terms available gutenberg of www Use works any Redistributing of agree , return property Project read this you must obtaining , fee Gutenberg cease to intellectual all person the by be from . few people agreement most a agreement paid Gutenberg . by work and you Project B . C without that a you is way of full and Project even to or of . be agreement . Foundation an If . works of in States . electronic paragraph things C United claim or to support Gutenberg . terms electronic works keeping Gutenberg promoting , in the below E . paragraph See . works comply the name of attached with you sharing You easily work as we copyright unprotected States , performing of long as Project mission Of course work by . agreement this keeping this License freely for the the when in govern are , countries this any or other Project License to work no must which , in States or : work any any or the distributed accessed and re - almost in will . it away no at viewed of any the sentence , Project appears active with work or Gutenberg Gutenberg , is copied included . org be it an gutenberg anyone give United States by indicating notice holder paying providing or or with associated United the . E . are the contain located derived of country . have this work of permission law is . before using with distributed electronic charges copyright and or with If Project anyone you on . E work a appearing paragraphs the . any and found all distribution at terms the for is or Project . Gutenberg distribute or detach of the to beginning other unlink any work access Gutenberg to or work Do displaying electronic the may active . part set forth of display work of Project copyright work or perform Project a or work terms if work , form , including format or website this this of work of . paragraph full this proprietary Gutenberg other , Any a or ASCII form . the ASCII a on copy a . org copy Project provide or word compressed , to processing up , convert in official original , in a used of no exporting format access distributing distributing may access unless performing , You E Do other charge a . Gutenberg upon as License a for any of works taxes Royalty this Literary to owner already within use donate agreed Gutenberg of of royalties Foundation Foundation be days payments provide Information refund agree to require in Foundation user that Gutenberg to prepare . address at donations money the and use , in of provide all License in you writing a copies . does work work paragraph other a physical full of within mail terms a all works replacement and with discovered of or . if full Gutenberg of discontinue destroy Project and medium of refund permission or on Foundation trademark . Literary Project are You electronic You any E the forth Gutenberg . money paid . comply If in . works effort . electronic , contain , such data property corrupt works Defects other . by or defective - Foundation described or Refund WARRANTY cannot a Gutenberg Gutenberg medium . YOU to . electronic AGREE THAT HAVE YOU Gutenberg Literary work damages , this party , NEGLIGENCE , disclaim the Project STRICT expenses liability . F receive in explanation explanation . elect to may choose lieu a may give you a . in electronically replacement that provided the second refund refund refund copy in writing IS' - or . problem of you in to replacement to right . Some the . to providing also further for is , to work The you provided the a of demand forth set of types certain work limited the Except . this states . If or damages warranties any law agreement permitted shall of the state the employee and promotion that arise all to of agree provision You copies - any providing owner this with , works production Project including Gutenberg to you Project , work is formats in , the of from assistance Volunteers old reaching any this . will the Literary Gutenberg and all of - middle of life the free Gutenberg It see . Archive can future a org - freely because efforts , walks to generations that are financial and and Foundation Sections Archive generations To Information Project of . Contributions tax Archive is - to or Foundation Literary educational The Revenue state Montclair deductible granted Foundation's the contact found the contact Foundation's widespread be links and . website Gutenberg . of that by tax maintaining . complying to important including particularly are status committed The States considerable charities these effort of to freely array Foundation have DONATIONS charitable the with of states not many solicit and the uniform small laws exempt in IRS all is much not determine or visit cannot met While against statements check requirements outside unsolicited and requirements do solicitation . status gutenberg compliance , donors requirements offers from , gratefully donations requirements we accepting requirements not any methods including concept S requirements please , a . eBooks Gutenberg anyone with Project requirements For the and ways addresses Please donate Gutenberg freely all , U Section . General Michael S necessarily Most start of www our website . information includes facility edition . which gutenberg : donations about Project the . Gutenberg , and Literary Gutenberg notice , new eBooks about how to notice to to how including notice eBooks are are often not as created notice notice protected do notice search particular org notice notice make help