Stand Who's me . He Stand carefully the ? Stand Stand Stand now relief And Stand 'Tis heart . bitter . to cold at ? night and . mouse quiet a Not Well The good Horatio , haste Marcellus make you reliev'd . Marcellus . fantasy , tonight appear'd , our but Welcome not us He With awhile , appear . nights again our have we Barnardo , of sit assail seen down this all of , pole part . comes . again that's . Horatio myself , not a then one where beating . and Mark with speak it . harrows me King ? it to same the art like it time warlike Denmark charge buried . majesty the thou Together Did In art march What heaven stalks it answer on't will and tremble think something You ! this I more fantasy believe than look true not and pale ! you not ? might . thee ! speak Horatio , gone ! Is Before ! Such When ! frown'd So he once sledded 'Tis He twice Thus With smote martial particular some thought gross and and tell state . knows ; not opinion of to gone he bodes now This In stalk in scope , he watch , task sweaty this cast most my me of of the that Sunday and observant land cannon war whose haste day King so inform me can the week the from , toward divide toils strict of - joint night goes appear'd emulate Our ; I . Fortinbras can That labourer least , Whose even prick'd the to this this Well For Did Thereto forfeit , Fortinbras his seiz'd by the which King , of our of . Hamlet To inheritance ; been the carriage vanquisher mettle skirts and which lawless some , and enterprise no state hand foresaid , preparations in so that other the King : head . figure . e'en so watch the portentous watch question of these . Julius in sun the the , climatures and it Stay ! where blast , to or be . me do thee be me grace to ease good though , thou any it to harbingers Speak to , thy ! may foreknowing speak happily cross I'll That If , art to privy Stay you hast uphoarded thou say . O , they of it Extorted womb , avoid in Stop I 'Tis For gone show ! air the the , it will stand ! We cock god day shrill , heard , throat morn sounding to and is fearful Upon his of the probation the present . and hies . truth season 'gainst made is celebrated say The dawning no singeth Saviour's our ever object And spirit earth of confine that crowing , nights No crowing It faded of crowing Wherein Some crowing look the our crowing us Let So crowing have I Walks Break crowing , yon russet eastward advice , him speak him with our this morning I him know find loves our Hamlet to dumb , young you Do spirit Let's Lords , green hearts be contracted one grief and Voltemand and , brother's whole death Attendant dear and in of , hath wisest with be To Yet our far with so remembrance sorrow our . queen state defeated eye joy , marriage in dirge with and weighing , and dropping lands , our brother's of for message , our out advantage bonds all . So young of here , suppress scarcely , hears have much is with , him : is writ we is meeting , is commend and CORNELIUS let your . to is Giving good is The His , his Out Farewell business And You The What Than The From Your is head not thou Dread and Yet My thoughts and confess in , came your I . pardon leave that to return coronation duty France , thine will my and Laertes best , graces fair do Upon Laertes And thy Take Laertes thy cousin , Laertes Aside Laertes Laertes know'st for Passing Good lord , am cast eye common it is common must eternity that on colour i' a vailed thy friend with ever for Thou Seems 'Tis That Together all that within that a passeth suits These , the visage ; seem play . grief , eye , forms denote are me they For But the have These To , must give 'Tis , filial In impious Of But That In obstinate do obligation must Is A to against reason death a are You This the so Than Do going It , most ; woe till We let , for , To of , As 'This , be father unprevailing with to , bend go you to , lose , best obey , Wittenberg fair loving my ; her cousin , us ourself cheer beseech a 'tis all with shall Be Sits the to heaven , tell shall away whereof would God O fix'd a Come . thunder too resolve slaughter God dew ! world unprofitable not . weary 'gainst How canon , my to jocund great the ; heart clouds King's this and the ; grows Fie O self me , satyr might her what little fed on't think which tears all beast A , mourn'd brother , I Than Would , Ere , Had Like , longer followed my with like unrighteous galled wicked in of salt , the such O yet father's have God She married It to the . left but — no married father's . that . wants of even , tongue . to , or , your Sir change Marcellus My lord . you good my name with friend you that from even are you affair deep to is what To Nor teach I came to , not it think I prithee Indeed I Horatio , My my ever had — foe ! wedding fellow , me , to mock see , lord hard funeral follow'd bak'd upon Horatio the dearest that my furnish forth see my . king for saw I I Upon This witness ear the to I . I hear these me had I marvel I With you let , and . encounter'd waste them stately fear and cap middle watch , A oppress'd and slow by exactly Barnardo together nights Two point with before at and dead their to and had made father , good , did they to whilst of . deliver'd third secrecy not the this ? we where These Where In as , Did not was upon where I it lord made speak ? watch address . in loud crew it like , then motion to answer up vanish'd from . methought away , lord live do But Itself lifted it 'Tis sound we And , you do We and watch my . lord tonight but know writ . it . Arm'd My saw lord , Then O beaver you , lord yes , frowningly than ? pale tell and with moderate . life ? in . tonight . grizzled Not beard , I'll If Give I'll your loves 'twixt visit understanding but , platform . and your to mine shall whatsoever And requite tenable have hold be in else loves Our Upon I an the I Till Though doubt father's My Your then For And convoy are necessaries sister , assistant doubt trifling a minute ; favour ? that Hamlet inward withal . nature In Forward bulk Think no No but soul you and , his birth do , doth mind grow . more service no ; as for this if his the the is The Carve fits . and yielding far particular head As main place it must will subject on that body you , believe depends whole unvalu'd health himself not Unto Whereof May Fear And If of Out she The The , it canker Too oft itself morn and Contagious Youth Be to wary Virtue the buttons are safety lies this , to But lesson brother . youth pastors ungracious though else disclos'd of . in imminent dew . fear , double a double Whilst not to As O long A here The stay Nor few thou And Yet I smiles Occasion Those Grapple Take Give Of not And of a to - not may unto friends may may may For may in the For may Farewell This Thou : not loan And But select nor itself thine of proclaims generous and loses to , as lender and station that . day . friend season the leave , memory the tend lord thee to this said well . of remember lock'd , said to you said of said late . yourself said oft you well , Marry said , hath , something he your said it And What As If Have in You is , as way between my lord ! my ! in his , speak , as I yourself Of hath Do Which not to crack sterling tenders I Marry Unsifted know do not I'll have — My importun'd me wind tender me a fool ; more . lord . almost , go know do speech , to to , heaven , in call ; go , presence this time Lord he may their that be may of But Than a your not command much I to Have give As The not believe with to Believe Do better I plain words would Look mere like to in , I to't , air or it think No it . held It heard ? mean lacks my ; rouse his reels lacks the tonight upspring down , lacks then , lacks it lacks kettle - lacks Keeps to Ay manner headed Soil Makes This our and swinish of the and , height attribute particular observance nations , much that , of some of reason guilty , of or manners — men defect , grace grace and lord general a Angels they as as As From that infinite fault substance scandal Hamlet answer , but , the marble , mean inurn'd hearsed , may in complete , why ; questionable or from spirit of health or from hell me steel of disposition our should we What , Wherefore reaches we glimpses ponderous his and , again corse , fools of thus Revisit'st night So Making It beckons It I my a can fear ? to then then pin's ? cliff of then , lord . then my then then , at as the it sea form it Think of every the . thee sea . lord . fathoms roar beneath to motive it , out shall hands , nerve gentlemen . my You My each as I Still And As . the call'd I make say I'll By heaven makes lion's I'll that , me Unhand follow Something Have after is will thus thee . to Denmark . me Speak ? lead let's me will further him , flames . myself ghost serious tormenting I To Speak Pity not , Are Doom'd day crimes the purg'd , away . confin'd term to in the father's ? am I revenge to hear , shalt hear . spirit walk , my But of unfold ; combined eyes two , each , fast prison whose father list nature , end be God Like this and thou If particular the blazon quills eternal blood But I Would thy Thy and hair List ! and unnatural best ! in foul most O most the strange foul , most Murder But this Haste know't as meditation And duller That thou not Wouldst serpent 'Tis stir May sweep find thou this , me out so ; serpent Rankly The O itself that that but know the thou sting sleeping whole did forged abus'd in a wears stung by Is crown ! that , with adulterate prophetic his thy . wit ! soul have - was hand in a seeming with dignity of was of falling , that shameful to angel a a it wretch in marriage were the there virtuous off whose hand whose that gifts ; won to and what love it a in , even bed link'd , pour orchard man whose in through a vial body the ears ; doth courses blood cursed hebenon into So did mine crust , dispatch'd , with with ; with once unanel'd to on but disappointed a head ! queen , with blossoms at my ; incest of most , in , made No Cut was I , the imperfections O ! all reckoning with crown of even All with Unhous'led Let O thou A Taint If thy mother couch horrible hast not But not Against thy And prick To glow 'gins , you you But Ay I O all Yea I'll wipe And saws youth poor And , all stiffly while trivial forms , observation ghost and distracted globe table commandment books from all and away the volume book matter all . baser pernicious most , O That thy the with Unmix'd of villain O My , tables . Within may one smile I least At So It is Within 'Adieu you . MARCELLUS I , sworn't and there it may have be smiling it villain adieu , me to in ' . Hamlet , my secure Heaven him Lord it ! be So . ho Hillo , Illo ho boy ho . bird lord my , lord noble . lord , heaven . from the grave all at ; right , part part : point , I'll I'll , you and poor my words I'll ; go business and desire I'll own for and my I'll and wild , I'll no desire you know now and Give I'll , soldiers me that . one my honest your I'll to you make known what lord may as is't me friends an is For O'ermaster't ghost offence . but poor And what friends here Horatio , you tell this Touching , As What , lord . not , Upon I In My lord , swear't in sword my lord but , Nay my faith , I my have my Nor We sworn upon stage Swear thou the . in . Swear ubique speak , thou , lay And hither et your of Swear . by speak Then , Beneath said Well worthy , to A therefore a give and is earth wondrous good friends strange so . welcome Horatio , But this mole Canst work th'earth i' , remove soe'er seeing some 'We phrase would' , meet , you . mercy , it I so bear or and , this help to you not : me ambiguous 'Well How strange times , pronouncing To As perchance antic disposition shall — they might' shall shake , if never . be we note , to is . you ; pray Hamlet spirit . Beneath you know aught And his love Let us to , Swear , gentlemen you me friending your lack together go , it set to born come was money Nay ever , my , You Before shall I Give you first me Enquire That Take part , your By What company well Danskers means what And him' know what what Marry — some said And part But What you this As Than thus in he but well ' I Addicted , my swearing , far known so and and and and and so and quaintly , him incontinency his mind fiery blood , liberty ; warrant i' you slight is drift , this be — or th' son sullies a thing a You 'twere party Your believe these laying I youth you you and man so with breathe in country . 'friend consequence addition the , you would ' guilty crimes ; 'gentleman' I ? leave ' know ' consequence about . something was , he ? say say sir to What does the I in Where did ! ' . 'gentleman : day , the , marry as and — gentleman rouse perchance ; consequence' such and 'I or tennis' such thus , him falsehood , my My have and , b' you I assays of find with out . well not . You , former indirections we , brothel a takes lord son my By So you wi' by God . have . ply inclination , my , Alas ? so what's God my in sewing lord Hamlet , upon I With what hat his with Lord , and his shirt as , head had so - with he been a look as To if down Pale horrors of thy , As lord , Mad not I do know ? wrist length thus held What he draw it such shaking up all he , profound bulk shoulder without their turn'd his and mine so of all me ; his arm , go . me eyes help me on . the go their went over , his last find his he ecstasy undertakings , itself of fordoes desperate passion him but letters access ; any me lord given the As , did good as with that I I not to our my but judgement our as will . him made , No have . him hath being to the , kept we younger did trifle ! love close sort King move might , jealousy utter , heard you , call inward the nor that nor transformation need , Moreover The Our Welcome , we dear much did and Something ; have from of , brought young dream father's that days to so you long to Hamlet's th'exterior was death cannot I That so Some That your time on being much his than More , To Good To draw Whether That much as to from little you to am more so much . men lies occasion you afflicts there it and us of time If of , living are will you will you , glean him remedy not thus with good profit our such thanks awhile of majesties . command more you entreaty into power pleasures , sovereign your king's us here up We dread show As Might , Put your service freely Thanks Rosencrantz , much My And bring Go instantly and son too and our Pleasant Thanks And give lay ourselves at the in Guildenstern you . some of practices our Hamlet is . joyfully my good mine soul good . or . or fruit or I it As Thyself or Both not my to speak or very of Hamlet's to and , son's he or marriage no is or source of all other your main but them admittance , Give of My first be my head sweet the , distemper found . him to sent greetings our brother which of what from fair our nephew's a But was It so he from On give Receives Fortinbras better be , Voltemand Upon So as And old levied Gives th'assay vow before of Norway thousand in shown enterprise before an herein against the fee those set time are of , employ Polack : us your we'll . well home - this business feast well ended . to , what duty expostulate , and time day , and , of soul outward true madness , figure use pity ; true all 'tis at this this And will then out , say find the true less art : no . defect Perpend — hear most ; but her ? shall , stay from the sun are to Adieu reckon it to , daughter ear means love solicitings his me ? do of ? receiv'd the you that wing think , mute tell on might honourable . a perceiv'd daughter it I desk your queen with did I precepts star her , weakness a a Thence to madness no messengers Admit That , wherein into Fell he to Thence the wherein And a Into lightness a wherein Do wherein you all wherein think wherein It there been I this is Within we the it hid said ''Tis know prov'd Not from this that circumstances may You sometimes in I encounter time a Be such the Here the . hours behind my does daughter not , then does , does he an love fall'n carters the sadly does , where look board him Away I'll does presently does does my How good a Well do beseech I you O Lord wretch , Do Excellent Then Honest so honest . picked kissing , but be a to , is being dog my a a ? lord a is look , to't harping fishmonger do read a you is . gone very for lord far a love ; a , my What I him a on my ? lord . that my lord men . thick here wrinkled old powerfully most set thus I a says , eyes ; plentiful though , slave satirical For . I the matter you purging of it have and . you crab a — sometimes his pregnant , on will I which How and my leave leave reason ? him daughter willingly more . you , lord Guildenstern both ? in or , waist Neither about her privates , the ? lord my near doomsday What Fortune have you But , my , a the there one are being many o' my , worst confines th' so think To it in bounded were ambition is , dream merely itself are is so airy of a bodies court , but ROSENCRANTZ we to and you rest the most Elsinore . But ? not . And sent , Come . and sent there for modesties by obligation better the for have ? my You , conjure you youth with more . you ? If . you sent so ; why the , and goes , earth and excellent other no appears firmament , canopy the roof air King , know not it indeed the frame this form the dust though laugh , receive shall my Why , are king adventurous , those knight the not sigh shall lady clown the gratis those the the and make me shall Even I they their the hold How No comes common . quills so . call dare and . they , in eyases . clapped stages . of ? longer Who grow . no against exclaim to controversy the do and Ay that not a make mouths , very strange at while for him this Elsinore ceremony . uncle my is fifty Gentlemen of , welcome my fashion and to , But . mad but north Well there second When an actor . Rome in poem the for or - historical light thou treasure only men . ' my a These Plautus ? lord what the hadst , are Israel , had he , no and Why Am , you Jephthah I , Still right well , What Nay by lot God then , my wot most and pass , will , follows , to chanson you As as you glad I . Thy ! Denmark ? nearer am is in Pray to . to't a chopine within French straight Come of , thou O , welcome beard your . last friends By'r the We'll uncurrent gold We'll welcome a quality . see piece and , good masters of row The welcome first thee you , my all old , to my altitude ! have speech e'en be cracked the falconers remember , once speech a cried no , in . the remember savoury but , nor But there matters in — of set I sallets the the top , acted received was an of as indite to others as make the was lines wholesome modesty , it speech live was me let , One thereabout — Pyrrhus was arms , was , begins whose did it let to fine was If it , the he handsome Aeneas' an honest . me see smear'd horse sable complexion see : dismal , the dread his , so rugged The It at not purpose in black ominous to night Head foot horridly trick'd with daughters , parching streets damned a wrath in gore and coagulate hellish the , light Pyrrhus accent good him His strikes rage Unequal his it of Then and in where . command his Priam you and wide ; good top Ilium fell flaming crash sword , thunder - the the orb work a hammers dreadful fall proof Pyrrhus' eterne bleeding . sword below storm matter stand and rack , after for sets him Fortune away the and take gods you Prithee . he Hecuba . too to hill power , of her ; say that . threat'ning diadem rheum A stood down and . clout and of th'alarm for caught a robe steep'd venom loins — up . her , sport the state his had this But mincing would sword of saw themselves clamour gods Pyrrhus with burst move make not malicious at see she limbs made all of them mortal the . eyes burning the milch , has husband's , more no in soon this tears hear you ? out , bestowed well of speak you the better while live a brief to bad according have and , the their . and for I'll thee they players not turn'd you death have are the see ; used bodikin My , man 'scape lord should they less deserve Come . Can for . I could my lord a set and a in't a Gonzago could Murder study would you Ay friends friend night Ay not my lord that , not down speech not insert need leave not I'll mock . him look friends good welcome and not you not to alone am am ye my not wi' peasant I . this and rogue that monstrous b' , what it from That But a force forms With O so , not fiction his voice to , Hecuba conceit , eyes ? Hecuba weep his whole he What for and He motive ear Hecuba cue to stage horrid drown the and And the him his working all would distraction so For and his he he Had A should I The very Make have cleave That ? the the And What's ignorant , general , eyes the muddy guilty nothing me calls damn'd of - the by faculties dull A mad a was villain my Upon can Ha as pigeon make I deep Tweaks me Who As To ! Plucks 'Swounds But and to lungs I should beard , nose - oppression , Who the bitter all or me lie for it ? gives I this Why by That I'll Play most Before my him miraculous mine . quick the . have his he of observe murder I'll If spirit . the I'll . the pleasing to uncle I'll course the is me he a Out I'll of to very weakness and me potent with I'll of I'll the thing he dangerous will he and by feels himself his confess cause turbulent what But we When can why him drift of lunacy him no means aloof keeps on this . sounded speak confession . true to ? state well gentleman of . our disposition , but ? court , joy , him . Majesties entreat to to think as I hear , fell way They night To - And And o'er raught it there And of he With all For That We Sweet my sent , lord by 'twere closely accident Ophelia . Affront Hamlet myself and their of That , we may , for , that encounter he I of shall And your Will for your bring both him That Of Ophelia will Your We How smart The 'Tis harlot's Aside . too much loneliness That We we himself with the heavy more prov'd that The , 'tis to to my is Than a not Is I O my burden . lord : question , is the mind be in of outrageous , and arms end 'tis nobler sea die to death shuffled sleep - take to thousand a there's dreams off . long the sleep , may come mortal of coil , make fardels bear , respect scorns contumely man's rub so what pause the we perchance us makes Must When that of of calamity the For insolence patient When pangs the the the Is sicklied And With And o'er the lose this conscience with bear enterprises name Ophelia fair all bear Be the bear No And others Than Thus thus does traveller bear us makes the to fly bear ; bear well them . right you I not aught deliver . know you did , compos'd to when the ; again with made As Take these the wax things poor , words you receive . prove so of , My Rich Ha you if be to honest and my , commerce beauty with no ? translate now beauty . me virtue you made ; of I so you deceived cannot did be a . did of things of very am proud did ? than have sinners did time or , such to earth did I and ways thy did ? your I of to more I borne give , with my was I . nunnery honest to a thee in them ? We . What Where's fellows , as believe my , do none lord all home . At shut , snow give as . this sweet . that house you own , marry O , as go , men know pure farewell well , go heavenly what enough too well restore quickly ; another and . creatures , You enough him no marriages mind of , quite ! sword nunnery me made it are are is here . say your mad a but . I , tongue all , blown harsh . little soul , to speed : England ? you you If so let all lord My alone the Hamlet How But love and not his Of We But To And I'll show all his you grief , be England send shall ones shall or . Your . hand your town the tongue spoke pray , I , that I a soul hear a , speech very may you the , rags crier if But , the . I would , thus , beget to as , of ; saw the I , too air had trippingly torrent very acquire must to me to who passion , special the at up , image 'twere to the playing as , this Now own end , overdone the and mirror for , very nature this , be . anything tutor whose , to from neither not purpose form others praise . that be laugh which there , cannot the discretion your but ; that , observance is to the word , his her the off judicious seen the profanely , have , pagan of the Nature's whole tardy now time though ; the virtue body of to the the grieve and a the having , that them for reform'd let they imitated down to , laugh reform themselves more than is it though in , too considered the meantime some necessary there of most be laugh . your clowns speak make us with and you them For Go ready that quantity play . pitiful spectators of be ? some on set that , shows a ambition . presently of and piece ? work them hasten haste GUILDENSTERN . at , art conversation my dear think may I but thy do revenue Nay , Here O advancement no what thee follow lick hope hast , should from flatter thee good poor of thou the nothing hast , suffers rewards And . thanks that for herself equal all well buffets and blessed thou been For , pomp Why the let And thrift may Where my one suffering . of Dost fawning Fortune's so pipe Give are - wear of heart I , with thy a father's of occulted the comment his - one soul my that speech in . guilt , him that If very tonight it thee the not when thou , slave , thee of . act Something play , comes see'st , death circumstance of , face playing . is play will , detecting , steal And we rivet heedful , Polonius idle , Ophelia this whilst , lord theft air not . this , I i' Danish How fares our you feed cannot cousin , accounted actor Capitol Brutus are capons I eat . say , you once . i' you ? lord My there Be . killed . your a calf patience sit ? by attractive that you more upon . me to players , mother lord my , was No Do mean No , Lady . the King shall , Ay think fair What is thought my lie to , between are merry Nothing You That's , my lord . do ? looks What , I . only your how maker Then But ? a or his ago may , shall half life then , I'll , outlive jig sables Nay great must - churches die ; is him takes and suffer a suit . not and months two , then twice two , black devil the man's ! build horse very makes head him kisses of upon , kneels and takes seeming of of gifts her , pours poison and in The , of of awhile unwilling love . carried of the Queen this is What , this Marry Belike show : they'll counsel meant . mischief play the all cannot players all us show tell I'll . means : what all it not fellow you'll to shame . ashamed all to the all him Be all the tragedy for you you naught and , all stooping beg all For us our patiently , clemency your my a prologue 'Tis As your this love wash times hath and hearts Unite love thirty commutual world woman's or brief , Full And the Since So That But I distrust you many us o'er and my and love it are you or from me , woe from , For In my my , grow must operant , I as is love fears My little thou And live leave husband the my world to do , one behind kind — there : as and too . accurst , but let be first . kill'd second belov'd in Faith thee functions haply confound For this : speak break oft now tree , memory bed marriage . debt purpose propose the joy most grief with either or , grief slender nor destroy . not , loves is world even Whether That The The great down 'tis advanc'd love who not poor doth hitherto needs , fortune love you a shall seasons in Directly who lead a of tend favourite his fortune lack friend his where overthrown begun contrary so enemy a try ; doth . friend our , dead : enemies friends hollow I end do on none and devices their him orderly our ours fates But Our , to are thou wilt no think thoughts cheer turn lock me to To opposite repose Sport An Each what I anchor's earth desperation and that and have , I leave and , with I . Sweet day , fain . beguile here would , between brain thy , tedious dull My sworn she If Ophelia deeply , 'Tis The Madam , like keep much her poison Is there no no play word offence in't th' i' image of Baptista o' wife . not the to are call , nephew call my chorus call Let call call puppets the . I you , call take edge . lord could see , keen . thy leave for . time , murderer better . Pox bellow ; agreeing drugs season mixture murderer extant He is , him the and Give let while ungalled go must some ; sleep weep away feathers , deer . Away o'er Give lights strucken play , the ; fellowship me not Turk sir get a Half and with me A This know , O dear here reigns and realm dost thou one a share in of world some must watch runs So turn shoes Would , I'll O , Jove A well talk well did note . him . Come very good Upon Very the perceive ? recorders ? Come . comedy the . marvellous distempered — retirement , Ay my itself in more rather sir his to his With , lord show me for put ? to start affliction great doctor Your my mother is are courtesy You most to , this me a make your , sir pronounce tame cannot my lord diseased , my , I of return the answer my . business not ? rather as , her ! admiration mother's of this ere there and no , mother amazement you ten in so can that wonderful to were My lord do these once , still desires son She at the , with shall my upon , Sir be How that can , sir , And so Good , your the the wind of see while but recover . Ay to me my that be well if the you , Let you you , beseech I me love . my lord will . cannot it with mouth these of , ventages with and of to . as lying it command I breath music how your Look any no I touch you would ; mystery you now these thumb , 'Tis and you is , seem cannot make than on a can would you fret there unworthy speak Call you 'Sblood , stops ; excellent you . what voice lowest from my music ? bless God you indeed weasel . a like like like like . whale is . They whale — fool bent to Or backed and I Methinks It it a I a is witching and , very When now churchyards to and By . so . say of , easily 'Tis the said I Contagion Would And heart bitter thy look do on Nero lose . speak Let daggers soul and my somever , be never , nor . shall England commission range our forthwith along doth may us you , endure will will provide fear it not will with Therefore it with us grow will mind depend armour Majesty more rest majesty will life bound weal is doth gulf a The ; the is like will near keep With many Fix'd What's That but it summit the on whose The Dies it lives To the you huge spirit and small to with you I annexment fetters ; goes will , now put too We ruin footed this . speedy - this fear upon . a it him , my liege said , bed , mother , tax she'll convey closet his I'll My the nature that some them you what . makes of call tell go well , was myself home audience partial , warrant than wisely Fare more rank my , is , eldest ! murder you Pray a brother's It Were thicker neglect snow as enough in the blood , bound will , heaven ; prayer . of form still murder up , force serves ! I'll come ere Forgive me we of . murder foul my I which and of th'offence ; so not prize world queen and , shove by this pardon'd own is serve ambition those effects mine be the In May crown Of fault ambition my past being pardon'd one oft out the there we then What and , seen ambition corrupted hand . ambition possess'd the , ambition , compell'd action lies What ambition ? rests the is teeth can What cannot not ? it the and 'tis shuffling wicked But forehead of ? can one true . evidence To as more O limed stubborn Be now do't it do - O heart ; of it that engag'd , villain I And To , With I all took And . how heaven father broad audit crimes is hire blown stands , who grossly circumstance him When 'Tis , When he trip Then Up At has no swearing drunk and him our , gaming Or sword is take heavy with is To he in the for ; asleep purging a or pleasure know season'd in of or more thou about his salvation may ; th'incestuous , whereto physic hell As up thoughts And I'll Grace mother with him mother I'll his that heat Within . Mother you mother warrant , coming offended matter hear thou , the hear me , Withdraw hear , what's father hear ? hear . him hear hear much idle tongue . now ? brother's are can you You my not ? tongue ? me the not not may come and sit set , inmost till the you you glass budge . me husband's your so . not . shall up . of that I Help Thou down go you ? see thou now Dead , help What ? do , wilt A ducat done help ! brother mother good , hast Is what , me O know thou I As , better my ? deed and bloody kill word , fool . king bad ! farewell , so it bulwark sense fortune . Take sit a Leave wringing If is that not so I , down shall , tongue marriage of an innocent of blush and grace blurs That have I done noise sets as from The very blister forehead body dicers' . and there . of compound plucks , doth doom makes , act and - what glow mass the ? and two . the face Heaven's solidity visage and loud Ay this , me picture presentment , thought so was the , upon a An what eye That See Hyperion's your husband world seem assurance Look , brother wholesome is This was his give every combination did husband this moor it call this your you on Blasting To batten You Could hey The Would upon - in this And step the the ? to this Sense sure you have , sense , judgement eyes mildew'd a of a to ? judgement feed your , what but judgement waits judgement judgement Else it have motion madness was , blood tame judgement it's humble and would judgement at hands , feeling without . difference you judgement smelling one shame eyes in without or sickly . let virtue in part , hoodman ne'er thrall'd where , no as of be Proclaim , speak panders will , burn , charge . and my no shame grained soul . as more very leave their live . tinct making ears bed love , mine . and , daggers me A vice and empire in . No and guards Alas Save heavenly laps'd You , important not you not acting O forget whet thy to amazement , her thy purpose blunted dread ? to look Do step O Speak in . almost But her between Is That Forth your And Your Start Sprinkle cool your stand heat the and patience your , perchance your your this your there nothing your all you yet you nothing ! his habit now of your . in brain ecstasy creation cunning ! temperately . doth . Ecstasy music re Bring - word unction but mining yourself what the . of avoid fatness avoid woo avoid and avoid itself avoid , avoid And night aptly And To That For habits evil , is angel actions fair of easy nature him good bles'd same with and answer good : I lady to his again bed kisses tempt a your bloat , in let And Or paddling But your for means cheek to ravel I you essentially Make in mad That who Would dear , No in , basket fly despite on of and try And assur'd thou breath of What life thou , if hast I to you , said , seal'd : the will mandate me 'tis For marshal bear letters trust had I There's sir Come When them at delve petard his with And blow This I'll Bestow Ah my What You must matter in translate sighs fit son I what seen ? of haunt . answer'd all to to whose much most let it disease , he Where hath he like metals , divulging of owner from man understand , foul was so what But the it on Even body To body draw body the Among Shows To itself pure madness very . sooner body our — with . the , of for come mountains body , skill and Ho some ! body Guildenstern vile shall in bring dragg'd aid slander o'er them Gertrude Into Go Whose what's untimely , what pray fair haste away name , miss so our mean diameter soul his done we to up mother's in Come And from his closet hath and friends do , blank our ! wisest shot woundless cannon . whisper both full As level , his , O of as the Transports My dust lord here they noise What Tell Compounded us done Who not that , we may . take , 'tis What where , with the of your a , replication and should counsel keep sponge , last them authorities sir ape when in the , I what corner you , understand in foolish be dry . with have sponge my , jaw you glad squeezing tell must am countenance in , of best service lord ; body thing , with you of it , lord I where King is Bring . I must not dangerous me to is thing lord Hide is — after the loose law man multitude find , this it we in never But He's not lov'd put all must and but , judgement . so their that seek is sent and the , Diseases are . on him to of distracted bear , eyes , even , lord . pleasure to certain emperor for convocation two for of — variable your end the we fat ? A Where . eats your but Alas alas but is a king eat ourselves only , service . and of through . you how of Where . Send . him th'other month . this within seek i' shall you place messenger indeed But you , as you him not him into the stairs . Go lobby him up go find not find him there grieve , send dearly thee thyself come at wind bent . England . them , knew'st is it if But mother father loving is mother so . Tempt I'll foot . speed done and tonight . aboard — looks may thou everything have is . hold'st seal'd Come wife hence with you at free thy mayst conjuring — raw at thee England . me that by license greet aught with rendezvous march Fortinbras king . ne'er I eye us , promis'd know in Majesty let his kingdom know . are ? Go Norway of , sir . these whose part purpos'd They , some them are commands old , with them little a it We for speak to Goes them hath it against gain in That five Or them ducats , it will Nor pay Truly , them ground . in . it them will already it . sold be profit no addition ? not the never them , rate Yes thousand , but Pole defend Polack is , A Will Why Two th'imposthume breaks man the it the should it garrison'd , and , b' and I'll but And If Sure that he spur my dull feed us made Looking with unus'd market beast gave godlike and after whether it not us A of , scruple reason or , discourse a his be — one but quarter'd too , to not know and , means , do wisdom . no more , prince exhort puff'd do unsure event and me ambition danger charge , great delicate will this — I thing's say to . To I Sith all Led by Even for to an , mortal Rightly . eggshell fortune at , dare argument and , then stain'd mother straw blood a be to , I , I stand my trick fight for of twenty stake . reason my find my a thousand shame to and , try enough O like beds this nothing , from be I not is , indeed with or hide thoughts My be is Which the bloody not and time and says have ? hems speaks . sense straws , her half carry th' at the , it beats she , heart at speech in it aim own is nothing gestures , move their ; hears , doth might , to they there nods collection words of Her , in make her 'Twere good Dangerous my as , them , strew she minds nature be . love ? know and his From should now , cockle another Where It the How How By shoon what hat , sandal one staff . and grass head is Nay , his Alas Nay stone — Ophelia you snow , a turf mark mountain the shroud , here look Alas God what are but you , words no true the love was Conceit of means They ! How do with - Larded dild what the , we say may , what . upon this ask they you . make , Cock they and will , if come an I'll Ophelia , Young promis'd , an they Saint to to , come ha' hadst would thou So An she me long We must Quoth before are tumbled to yonder bed I But ? my not I will all thank well you night . I good would lay , give ; the father's come battalions own his , But son unwholesome and your is All Follow her from When this O sorrows Next in Of herself mugger ; their the , First her from , Thick For Divided Polonius' - Without And is , on Her pestilent wonder of , to his speeches keeps infect as pictures mere all from judgement fair come his or France in clouds these , father's . in matter our Wherein With Like ear Will ear a Gives this ? Let Switzers is In , Alack matter them the , with in The flats the young And 'Choose The Antiquity as your not the forgot ratifiers , cry They and and world were rabble his lord to shall of now but , ' haste head riotous , to clouds king king , begin all broke are you — Danes let's this O 'Laertes shall Laertes we hands How , is The will . me leave . in We pray , will door me Keep my you Give we . thou . father . Laertes proclaims me vile the mother brands the ; king calm Calmly blood to him There's peep Gertrude That little of such cause so Do hedge fear - me it king , unsmirched , true Of my father chaste here . Where thou art his — Dead by him . fill , to be profoundest stand reveng'd , well . them the and in certainty little world ? you all husband with so I'll , means desire death , Laertes , will far is't shall If dear sweepstake , father's Of That but enemies ? friends thus my ? pelican arms your grief judgement 'pear speak a in , salt times seven by mine of be virtue madness thy dry , heaven shall brains sense turn the and kind possible a old rose paid is't mortal an sister precious itself fine man's , as heavens O Should be maid fine instance him , and . of loves , life bier . barefac'd non his well bore you thy could wits thou , and becomes - down Hadst ! rosemary It that's is you Fare a wheel There's A There's , in , call . a of There's my father There's . grace This than fitted . and . And here's itself hell joy ? again he he , come is . prettiness to , ye b' wi' see I Laertes Or , of They Our And Be crown Make they deny must of direct your right me whom hear we judge by will 'twixt by If us find shall To , His No Cry to I sword , noble That th'offence where are They say come in . them not , I you have part sir the from of world , you letter ; if a England appointment Ere instant a these gave . on they us we have dealt this compelled to ; am . name is it overlooked wouldst fly . prisoner they They put On I I . thee too have , are yet ; thee hold thee knowest , letters , thine way you these you direct I : they . me . them must your me your , and which conscience your a for , feats , much The for myself Queen . strong two to yet But Lives to You So As virtue you for O me may special perhaps they my by I count the spring slightly Would , bow , father terms may think and you news This we it sleeps For her perfections of our let are your made . father your lov'd think That not for that . shall love Queen . not this to them to . the . on your I . occasions of the kingly . He ? them saw naked them ; the he 'Naked ' ? back . heart , him ? my Know character in a lost am 'Tis I Hamlet's the shall warms lord , you advise me But . here him my to ' his — me otherwise ? return'd means , Laertes ? so so it If will Will you should it be rul'd If peace to Under No To more mother call But And even rather organ the could I shall death And of might if have in hearing falls shine parts devise that did part talk'd And Wherein As one What very too for , of ? regard him from in and , they the the the As And seen Here settled light in the careless . Normandy but his horse , since this , the against , the French gallant wears the livery that unto He . myself Importing Than the That be indeed eye , nation their of his beg . envenom ? you ? sorrow of heart envenom without you this envenom ? dear to a a envenom love begun your by envenom time proof of . it , envenom , of flame goodness will of not you changes , deed undertake accidents many 'would' this as ; we , spendthrift in son ? words would . chamber church th' , indeed , place No Hamlet That To To should do shall double a no this throat i' have on put And The Most wager on peruse Or Under This simples what us simples May And 'Twere simples With to simples fit Weigh simples that Should this simples I make When bouts for drink nonce simples ; I'll whereon violent escape he for calls your ! ha't If We'll make that they So woe he And One Your now If by Our fast liberal our a , cold That - That his hoary fantastic give a fingers sliver her trophies men's hang to There Of There is There shows mermaid And flowers Clamb'ring Fell But with do pendant weedy brook like in time Or chaunted . To When the one like element garments creature awhile of old tunes not their long heavy from , the her and drink ? thou I Drown'd , my forbid she a wretch poor Pull'd that Too of trick But I Let It much therefore woman The will speech shame is And have what Now fear I had , this How much Let's she to buried Christian when salvation own and her is therefore she , Christian herself ? her it her . in straight burial : lies act : else . and three delver and For argal , point the goodman hear herself wittingly . is him drown and will the an that is , he his himself , man — me act mark . Argal you ha' go Ay should been ? If is't truth have ? law life is , But drown himself Here stands him . it guilty not to come this o' Christian . been own this crowner's , marry say'st Come and grave Was the ever hold up is . my he was , bore Adam's ancient folk should . arms . the The another confess , arms dost , drown to or hang ? to not me none dig Go stronger carpenter ? the shipwright ? the . But how a well do gallows . Now does , church ; thou the to may gallows , the mason the than either faith those to in well The What is that well well that argal , again , ill dost a or , can Ay thy Cudgel . brains beating and when makes a maker' me fetch Yaughan ; dull mend 'a love love was I stoup with To O very , next , liquor ass till , for asked his him making ? a did time little made there nothing was did contract youth when the for ; land never the clutch it might - skull tongue offices murder e'en so ; if shipp'd with had th' ground , be courtier Or As I in me And ' a such Worm's , dost not ? the did first ! lord - chapless the . lord 'Good might might horse Ay now sexton's to at . fine Lady , morrow beg might How to be and with For and a a , spade , be about an ; think made meet for of a such For There's . Why his may cases lawyer him of vouchers with his double of the very than and recovery his dirt his the Where himself his , of his and tenures , his action about , too of conveyances , vouchers . will lord my , skins ? of , made and more - that . of this and , Ay to — assurance indeed , it I thine ; quick the for , For again thine yet 'tis therefore away liest . will from is for ? thou lie dig man . it lie , lie sir in't lie and , not lie in't , no lie is to be For neither woman lie dead or equivocation . then What We must but ; Who sir , speak a I came Hamlet can since born was the days i' heel of grown is age the that marry he no was that Every 'Twill , because be in Very strangely ? say , How . as and man ere here th'earth ground years . he , in die he A more trade skull years ? it Whose not . flagon the , A was Yorick's skull think a . King's on him , my lips the chop - her set abhorred Quite ? let at Where Where th'earth Where Where ? Where ! Where . so so Alexander Pah o' fashion E'en find curiously to . bung may ! Horatio . And , smelt my lord E'en so , a consider we uses till may faith make and , buried , likelihood of dust noble to a lead returneth Imperious loam that ; Queen . following Should , that soft courtiers , to a ! with corse such stop which hole a patch wall follow The which which but ! This ? which Who , Trains , c ? follow hand estate ? which which . lodg'd enlarg'd Mark her on ? such parted - service be the done her , and more no bell virgin bringing burial For Must maiden here flints more violets We No should May When . I shall , flesh to her be sister priest ; grave the howling . have to deck'd thy woe been , on that treble most strew'd thy off ingenious deed in the Depriv'd times treble maid have have head ten once more have of is upon quick made , sorrow , devil ? This them I stand and Away . Hamlet Hamlet Which thy have Good Gentlemen All ! me something in splenative this ? what theme will my son lov'd O all ; of do brothers for ? quantity wilt he . their with What thousand longer . theme eat fast a ? thou'lt here her whine to and in , so , of , pate till Nay Make Be Woul't , me do woul't woul't our them zone ground burning an thou'lt the dove disclos'd are female on drooping thou as madness . well : fit patient sit you ; silence mere will you that it no may have he what will is me use , his . wait upon . matter day . speech — son . night's present last in , grave set some , the , would Remember mutinies the Worse And So Sir Rough There's our Finger'd fears mine commission knavery royal ; packet out and found command reasons England's , too , possible axe ? no goblins the . leisure , villanies with proceed . They How Or to did Devis'd could the , as of write , and , Wilt wrote lord my did once Ay An As peace like view such stand love As conjuration the palm her like his was them still - between And on That Not that was How put , amities wear flourish , tributary the shriving Which Why the I it writ was He my : had the up Guildenstern Why near not their did Does make love the when , th'impression form of it next was the dangerous ! incensed this , king thee a Why man , They by are conscience opposites stand thinks't cozenage for is't proper my nature whor'd now — to evil of ? angle between my what Between Of his such with that Thrown him with in , this To quit To let man's He hath must be the will But That life's no of known to business to my court cause say , of I , than is 'One' ? here The . short is It a , tow'ring sorry be The am the And portraiture who welcome is thank humbly I Your the gracious lordship thing impart I and say . know him . his your . beasts as to my for , wind . is — to as beseech remember the — I complexion is northerly tell full here most is of calendar part you memory , a great showing gentry . Sir Indeed ; for . of though of . soul perdition suffers no , in inventorially him rareness who else speaks be to as Your do breath we Sir ? sir the nomination . in imports already , golden of another understand purse empty Of you know is What Laertes you would His I confess to for the laid on well But poniards against and French six . so . to the the , rapiers . hilts of the carriages most . you ere ? responsive very very carriages , edified What carriages dear carriages it more you knew I . would sides Barbary horses conceited carriages laid that . He trial . if How the , if I hall the Shall I well He to runs lapwing it away commend turn with outward and time the that bevy ; which to hold to mine is . Now follow you you or that hall commended attend play , Queen time are and happy use fall instructs me been in think matter have continual ill not how I my lord France , But : obey , say , now be of , now 'tis what he not There's are woman you to , take hand what this needs distraction and exception . madness . Hamlet , done have heard . was honour here himself not His faction poor from generous thoughts house my in is Hamlet If't stir a . brother your madness . enemy Hamlet's that . purpos'd in Sir madness ? audience , it be wrong'd most But I To Free it , the arrow satisfied am I His of this shot have so disclaiming I , receive and by . case this and nature me most and . play that , and reconcilement known of . night and . i' Laertes ; frankly — and indeed , embrace will I do foils one be like shall I'll , brother's it the , foil ; mine this , o' the the , th' , me fiery No laid it is not has me These . I ? both weaker . foils seen . a see he better union Hamlet's their of answer all in than crown Set Hamlet the cup to first upon second , trumpet heavens cups speak shall throw kings the , to The Denmark's King Give cannoneer Hamlet to which four successive without wary to me the judges you King 'Now And . hit . pearl , Judgement One him the . Stay play Come win a Another ; bout to what , set this confess shall fat touch , He's son . A by . my is , do Hamlet Here I Aside Gertrude lord drink Come me thy wipe , is ; the It will , yet now dally You 'gainst best my your with almost 'tis , afeard for And let lord My I dare not , I'll not of me on . Laertes pass a think't . you Laertes . are way wounds they wounds at in , Have Hamlet Nothing scuffling come there ? rapiers , my then ; Look bleed the my to Laertes ? own is't How Queen am drink no both justly woodcock They on ! swoons Queen door bleed out ! Ho to them be see O . Treachery see Seek it see see see ! Hamlet dear see good blame . see . slain , thy do thou art hand foul hour venom , The here . poison'd thy the . treason me incestuous murderous LORDS I friends yet I can . Is serv'd . hurt , am Dane damned here union himself thee I , this as pale , make that I strict Had But in let his it arrest You an unsatisfied you , adieu sergeant cause than , antique To look but time live behind . I'll , me , liquor left in my draw from harsh this Things And thee world noise O thus , To didst Horatio ; a awhile . warlike ambassadors with of This the , heart , wounded tell , pain Poland , gives , England , voice Good sing . occurrents silence and dying prophesy quite I live I , cracks The potent solicited a is , to thee So him have And But noble Now Which I Fortinbras . He the On drum with . drum tell of Why would drum woe of drum does flights this you wonder see drum drum What drum . hast dismal too our should tell To hast him hast from sight on O at a death . fulfill'd you their to hast from gave life so th'ability of have Guildenstern hast struck ? senseless Rosencrantz , view , hast bodies , unknowing from England hast bloody you that these hear , cause mistook can I acts shall the yet th' bloody , to things these let me carnal on this us Let upshot Fall'n upshot now to my his that upshot of haste inventors' upshot . purposes upshot this upshot upshot four Let , like royally a Bear On men's mouth this plots For To from But while I have voice wild errors mischance more ordnance editions old the which after shows the likely Speak the war passage much one — will amiss of , works . the United copyright Project GUTENBERG trademark by , for very for use except , anything such you away research . purpose not eBooks — and States performances commercial redistribution . the may trademark to protected , law . United and modified copyright the agree associated electronic in comply works , to work using or with Redistributing Use any using of gutenberg this and . with all with electronic have that the reading By accept work . Project . www you do of terms or copyright all Terms part this not agree , read intellectual this and and , understand abide by all agree property to or return in be bound your access the . only be from few paragraph It by E . person are . See a electronic with works Project United individual in E access . copyright Literary compilation paragraph the in the unprotected in copying from removed . as distributing course we long , performing we work mission States United , the on sharing Of Project for of You the by agreement with work freely of agreement terms by are you laws outside most terms the work makes any or no this of any , in the displaying this work . States active the The copying in are to you If country works addition performing : or appear most If re or laws will have you with or with the , License to Gutenberg any links , other the restrictions States , and the work this Project . this anywhere almost no online under it . included you to eBook . check is posted distribution holder copyright the paragraphs appearing to a or with through Project work use Gutenberg copyright holder or the by , License . E linked . work posted permission If individual copyright the work files any or Project , electronic paragraph access the , or from with set . the paragraphs the . through your . full the containing remove . full , or of of unlink not Do . with immediate other copy , any set forth this perform Project , binary including format access , work if Project Gutenberg work the official . the . nonproprietary this used no format Gutenberg , you . Gutenberg or . any fee distributing to You a copying with may comply Project . access a License request , a user of full unless . E Vanilla performing to Gutenberg you agreed use the already of Project provided fee of royalty owner days required a You provide full refund the writing or the access of about Archive - to . use money any You electronic for E paid work a is work . from Gutenberg the set the terms terms , terms a fee terms , the manager the expend terms of or this you agreement terms Gutenberg Gutenberg Gutenberg do U . Despite S . as data terms infringement , volunteers , identify protected volunteers , collection by such volunteers WARRANTY LIMITED a cannot volunteers . other medium , Foundation other any volunteers Refund , described volunteers damages for be Literary by Gutenberg you to trademark electronic THAT by AGREE or by YOU of by . Replacement by Gutenberg . by NO expenses FOR NEGLIGENCE all legal STRICT REMEDIES HAVE discover you sending a a can in the , copy it . paid receiving by from you the . WITH , set forth certain 'AS do or . F second copy without for paragraph . of entity a lieu the . limitation unenforceability agreement damages warranties If law shall the of remaining - this with . INDEMNITY . trademark providing , from harmless , promotion agreement of any fees you including electronic accordance owner F any be interpreted , agent You by or to indemnify employee and agree Project works production , the or following Project or to any b Project you readable in people from works of to to come . In secure future middle middle , Gutenberg to with the , middle help . Literary . middle non gutenberg org see Project middle Archive provide a middle collection is status Project Foundation EIN or efforts about page Project created and can laws by extent state's Watchung Internal the Foundation profit the permitted . your and up contact can that works mission by . Many accessible its the widest of widespread be up SEND a regulating United the the . form domain public including much cannot we DONATIONS or not solicitation do www paperwork do received the check United . solicit accepting are us unsolicited the determine requirements met we S of with shared concept anyone . Hart was the Gutenberg works he volunteer as a forty Project library visit outside methods ways Please please freely donate Professor Gutenberg . Gutenberg Information a eBooks with years , loose several Thus . produced of and could the from are For support compliance our www produce the hear new , eBooks . and eBooks how to Literary