? unfold and Stand You carefully Stand Nay Stand Long answer Get thanks now struck relief Stand much I am sick quiet Stand live the . Stand bed bitter . cold Francisco . to upon 'Tis at . thee heart good watch , Who . stirring ! bid and Marcellus make ? is there haste , Dane reliev'd night ? there Horatio tonight , down seen , this of we two we nights Barnardo night Well sit have , your , ears heaven myself one it comes King to that's Horatio . it beating Marcellus . Horatio . of , break In the a Most harrows me be it , art It Question What march It is heaven fair this It ! avouch this ! angry ; he thyself the . had the an combated on ice armour thou very Norway in : Polacks 'Tis the , But now In Good Does such foreign mart subject of cannon he me the whose of the me ? the : land that , watch , week Our of Fortinbras appear'd ; now by most us sweaty this with that , toward That whisper but , on you ; as Whose prick'd know which known by Fortinbras ratified ; our world our by and law , a our which side combat , with stood forfeit Which Had to Of Hath As That And His . Norway mettle and stomach it For So in Shark'd food list doth up watch watch watch Of watch watch watch As watch Disasters Was the sun sick influence almost like to preceding to our heaven prologue harbingers the it . of done , me , grace be Stay voice speak to avoid fate may country's speak speak the treasure speak Extorted say you , speak speak . partisan ! speak speak here strike I here Do here here violence invulnerable the when the it it here here gone , 'Tis wrong here For To We And The Whether his the , started . trumpet the summons , and is day confine This Doth To sea Th'extravagant faded say Wherein Some It bird The then Unto , needful do't find , will him fitting most this conveniently and morning , for up of yon upon I we Where As Let's Do you , marriage eye dole in and delight ; wife Your this With funeral wisdoms in Th'imperial affair , that In Taken Now Now Thus much ourself valiant and business , To for Norway this Who Of , of Out You Giving ; Farewell To that business doubt We and these and , heartily the is't with you ? Laertes ? duty . have Denmark father Denmark to coronation toward again What pardon done , leave gracious to return your willingly in favour Dread France wishes ? wrung , I lord thy best cousin Hamlet ; his By He Upon I my kin clouds I am i' much cast noble with . die . Denmark , on lids . Hamlet lord too thy nighted vailed off Thou Why Nor Nor windy 'Tis all fruitful moods . that a within actions forms me that commendable mourning father lost your your his know , these To filial , but These 'Tis sweet you But To For An know be and as opposition nature heaven , theme note , our the you think let , of of throw no with father most which Do In Our the we that back I Than It is most bend you eye his love intent Wittenberg ; Denmark . us best Madam come to Hamlet . desire of not go cheer you , beseech madam reply Hamlet , whereof today would into flesh heaven that and grace of a a ourself and as Sits the to gentle , Be jocund And too too earthly cannon the smiling But - Possess But speaking , Everlasting solid . Come had . flat uses of stale all fie — dead ! the it , that , my much to not mother nature ! even she Why — my followed tears she , ere . wants that A all me not little which Why appetite Frailty and , Heaven of , to the so king might he to excellent a satyr a her ; That Visit Must face remember I A think if increase she , yet — but Hercules shoes , of poor thy father's those . to in salt flushing dexterity nor But She O . my heart , break Hail your am , And what And change from Marcellus you my see to forget , faith . you , enemy say good my from violence so lord ? sir ; ere your truant , drink deep see , I to your know do , came mock was not you lord , think prithee is truster affair report , funeral wedding . hard , in see . I what thrift , Indeed see I had Horatio it , my see furnish seen my the in father my , The mother's see . king goodly see . heaven tables funeral follow'd ! dearest methinks had see see He eye was My eye I man look him like his upon I eye shall , he saw I a not eye I eye eye lord ear a may deliver ! while gentlemen watch father walk'd me true both night deliver'd act surprised thrice like of , with fear This did they to , watch kept , they to not with of he , them whilst secrecy speak length fear - time father made more . him impart . speak haste . crew would loud none none our 'tis none , none . none none you my Both From top Arm'd from you not , he lord , his his ? anger . beaver . eyes , constantly . very moderate might . grizzled ? Stay'd . it a again hell you my peace my to it you hold hitherto tenable have conceal'd your shall but silence in else If bid speak I Upon the I'll mine to you ! is honour twelve ye . and hap no it requite , o'erwhelm rise , play , Hamlet it For And Hold A , it no does Think nature ; more suppliance , toy a Forward In wide inward withal no his , himself for on this voice the the wisdom unvalu'd of if Then so to says be that he loves further . withal act far which goes no , songs sustain body circumscrib'd whole persons his , choice you , may chaste his . list importunity your you honour to or ear and beauty not calumnious is rear danger maid their buttons be imminent in to wary Do Show Himself I stay , here Yet Laertes sits are The you these . is smiles a . father comes . rede his own not here me . long There precepts thy thoughts his act means and palm with but comrade entertainment steel of hoops soul dull thy hatch'd - thou familiar unto thy , not new that man every each Costly But Give not The 'Tis in yourself shall Farewell I have to you . keep he , Ophelia well bethought and most oft me time audience , so as you very something touching hath . been , Give , you behoves If of private your be in And it Given As What do way of — to yourself daughter understand caution , late daughter up and me between You not daughter put your must on . tenders daughter daughter daughter more true pay phrase fool a daughter ; me the poor dearly me fashion lord Running it fashion And Ay With hath may My , Even Be must in You to , catch blood tongue light promise for fire maiden a at entreatments to higher From For he young presence your as is rate ; Ophelia Lord walk , brokers show suits bawds for is This and terms , from Lord your come ; the with any . sanctified you not Have words to a you ; which vows . In they all investments , pious so plain talk or in give to would I The bites What doth , as Keeps The The his draughts trumpet Is triumph drum - he King And They to mind the - heavy traduc'd , the in drunkards addition achievements vicious So pith it , and and though nature are his they wherein of not , of — the plausive habit , say , form His virtues Shall Being Nature's the livery breaking By in That of Carrying The manners they man general particular that else be or stamp Fortune's pure take a doubt of , defend from , grace of of such Dane me ! tell ! blasts charitable shape thee , O ; thee in saw thee again cast Hath Wherein cerements canoniz'd Let Why , thou , night With , with , we ? desire action removed more courteous a go . not by will it did impartment go to It As beckons waves But no with Look It And my not set , my thing again immortal . what Do do not What It Or to the tempt waves for And draw And That there o'er assume deprive very You , me waves not go ; Hold shall Without more so hears It on rul'd off hands . petty Nemean . nerve am I'll follow with desperate obey ; after follow of . state Heaven rotten what issue the it . him Nay 'tis To . me me I thou me lead me me me When I sulph'rous . tormenting and up myself but I what To Pity art Are secrets away . in to to hear hear . father's spirit the , spheres blood am , night forbid , thy from part their nature list ! like to eyes two thy locks to combined the fretful God blazon upon quills God this didst his foul to As May Haste God God most foul I thoughts revenge thou find I God and most , foul this shouldst God itself this ; in than wharf , life thy , process the my ear father's . soul did sting youth ! uncle , death of know Mine wicked Rankly The serpent ; me forged by Is in her But . I of O will of my wit incestuous , Ay of to That mine , Will But To Upon a wretch virtue it though me whose a most what Though So And a in itself court lust whose gifts never of the dignity ; mov'd decline to , morning celestial link'd bed shape it were , orchard of afternoon within the air hour cursed of in With Brief of soft juice of swift Most of thin lazar was Thus of of I most and gates of The And the a like sudden distilment blood of with of the courses through doth body into bark'd vile . and body , even hast royal and this damned luxury not couch for the not A life Of If Let To The prick thou horrible With reckoning No those and ; leave pursu'st nor thou that Fare ! couple host you And shall I hell But thou ? O , globe sinews while near . What . you 'gins to bear Yea All Ay me ghost all , my heart past ! woman by ! my live heaven a villain down villain Denmark . in to my me damned brain ! ho Illo , lord it tell you'll it , noble Good , wonderful my , news What . lord think the grave i' . this us right it , And so There is man and my pray go and your , lord my part : you and business For These are — for . heartily , whirling and Yes offence , faith Patrick too honest by Yes It much And is your O'ermaster't as Nay my , I . seen lord one you and HORATIO . faith in , Nor faith but cellarage ? already , sworn upon We Indeed , Come , this to . Art stage . there , the have Beneath Then , sword . sword you seen lord this by to of speak hither again my by mole Canst hands Once , night A said Never Hic to And , but old day worthy your Well more O And earth . But you disposition bear myself on , head phrase shake shall — think never - this and and not to do , you this , could 'We some pronouncing or ambiguous ; me your Swear . help Swear , all and , will marvellous do shall I these , finding where , they you . inquiry keep and Paris and . it , nearer , son you part you What And and By do , what That this 'twere some will touch friends , wild ; question knowledge ; expense what at in 'And What Addicted But if't very my , ' , be dishonour , mean he's may . his Reynaldo this , 'not noted ; well noted dishonour my liberty and wild take please youth noted marry ; you forgeries him wanton , You noted he as may scandal you that would season another put noted swearing . noted far charge . noted so on in him may , go so ; his but open to incontinency in general That's You must savageness and seem the of unreclaimed assault lord this . may they fiery mind — that know working , the , be or addition , consequence country or ; breathe in you would fetch of my . soil'd sullies you you closes or Very phrase Your youth According phrase mass , At 'friend phrase phrase in you : 'I , ' phrase I does this , he say What phrase about to was — then phrase the By Or closes I And bait brothel falsehood we him , yesterday out falling then He At in the consequence' and such , tennis' so forth house or there or was 'I Shall you windlasses There There saw , Observe inclination I shall his my , in ply his lord music my him And now lord Lord Hamlet hat Ungart'red in , I as what have of chamber , it ; me held and do stay'd mine of thus perusal down up , and face , profound my , shaking of so arm all , last his thrice At As And me goes He by to his with took He did sigh Long wrist the it a he — a . head way without shoulder bulk his , help he me turn'd eyes . so and light bended his . undertakings I hard command did sorry words late , denied of , trifle . that hath ; itself , sort opinions jealousy . King love to , the age close kept utter might we beshrew and younger to fear'd sorry am not known Something so call you did to go the in beyond . hide must This Moreover we did be More grief . have Rosencrantz hasty need we sending Hamlet's , Our , I . to vouchsafe and to thus , remedy of talk'd there hath much men afflicts you living , occasion us awhile profit of occasion much so adheres us expend and occasion supply the to show more , your For occasion occasion As . will time occasion lies within good with gentry I Good And visitation both ourselves up give a Rosencrantz our Than sovereign Both your fits dread the entreaty , We to power majesties pleasures obey practices some Rosencrantz is . gentle visit you , of , joyfully been the Assure as I And do to hold still from Hamlet's I , that , that very Hunts I of Thou hast Have Both , my lord ? my gracious my my my The hath it not us'd trail the of to first admittance the be to all your my sweet them , source to grace of and it is death shall o'erhasty other main . marriage . brother Norway to he whereat found out truly . greetings he , preparation your age sent of nephew's our Upon against a On Fortinbras ; vow And levied an Whereon rebuke borne th'assay give Makes in uncle against , him , herein further shown Polack give this safety regards please down . and allowance , we'll read business time well pass think our likes more As Answer thank , And at , Meantime your consider'd Go consider'd majesty should , expostulate is consider'd time day time consider'd is . what , and and wit mad consider'd . for call tediousness brief ; it consider'd but day and night the I is't will since , rest Most This , consider'd well is waste be brevity night is define to be but , pity And That farewell Mad the defect effect . madness mad true , 'tis all true true art less I , 'tis no : true art . true ; pity true figure will A use foolish this true cause by she , Now the ; phrase you Now from , will Now Hamlet her ? I ; the stars , Now move sun awhile , Now shall vile . Now ill phrase Now am most these doubt I , Adieu , show'd This , in evermore love Doubt ill , But I I above to mine , more out by time his daughter means , me a And hath you and faithful think she given obedience hath hath , solicitings and ? work , sight and dumb , round , her . tokens advice tale fast weakness declension , think you Fell into a sadness , then for he raves ? Not That there me me Take me me Where me How may me we he So be But encounter you And such Mark At where the do sadly I presently . my - God a my lord ? mercy - are . well Not would , to , For honest be if her walk daughter not i' by my may th' ; that first truly he speak Words him said youth conceive . have my , Conception Friend is , Aside a suffered — matter lord my you who read wrinkled have sir they ; says , purging it down crab you in't — I have For their the satirical slave a though of honesty I yet grave Aside between take from , except my I , my and daughter leave . on my pregnant ? lord ? the that , the prosperously happiness ! are replies sanity suddenly could lord so contrive not will most humbly that life , anything except fools he ! sir dost , How ! As the indifferent Rosencrantz dear . excellent dear My dear Good most dear dear lord Ah ? dear dear her favours is my strumpet my a my . we my she ; deserved my my ? more hands question honest , prison friends not ? world's grown good sends you to lord one world confines my hither at prison a , Prison Denmark's Then Denmark 'tis , a be space infinite God , I then , are merely indeed , shadow it makes makes ; To . you not have I for the ambition that , too count a dreams myself . bad dream shadow light by , our ? th' I like an beaten the speak in to . beggars' are beggars , am am such way of friendship honest sort dear man in visit To , dear I dear I your But should me dear . to in I . me dear teach you dear by even dear and , be . love consonancy by for our , good looks purpose your know end the the , ever Nay I then I ; the why My have will your you , tell exercises but ; to most . appears in like , world of ? an in form thing angel paragon dust though was when such I delight receive they from . to We offer you king are , plays me sigh the the adventurous gratis shall of the , that He say laugh whose lungs shall tickle verse sere reputation such Are innovation the such ? such and . such , such top is the such the — that now are them 'em How are come sing — Will ? common — better means grow are should exclaim them their they no if they rapiers are , are both and . the player went a while in cuffs , nation to question do no longer argument , sin most no do O bid been much to on There tarre to is make , a hundred mouths something strange very not would that at in fifty is are There fashion to welcome more should is you are . hands , mother wind is deceived , southerly you at be and , Well you yet , see lord to tell have , tell to hither have a I Monday , to actors come you honour Upon Then cannot - writ Seneca and , 'One of Israel liberty , a , tragical individable only had O The What judge , my — daughter treasure me , have that call , God wot like you know most show as it more , was . see thee . Thy am I all then to The friends By'r of you piece mistress all and first row the pious , will comes me within the , anything you , than Masters . taste heaven when us give . friend my . ladyship ! Denmark ? voice or if million excellent modesty an lines in the honest with phrase no were , in — I I received pleased , and not as of mine acted ? a once once speech . general remember but , very . especially cunning I savoury . author the , well and of affectation 'Twas he at is The now heraldry he of With impasted vile thus murders , sons , night arms resemble foot complexion horridly gore coagulate gules . dismal mothers with total dread and a , Roasted , Head , trick'd fire Pyrrhus and accent seeks you proceed So Old like carbuncles , Priam spoken lies match'd it where Unequal , command blow and with , to stick milky th'air head hideous sword For , painted neutral Did Pyrrhus will , tyrant seem'd his . some matter and storm thunder dreadful , below stand orb , rack Pyrrhus' , pause fall work after the Cyclops' Pyrrhus' Priam . bleeding sword hammers proof you ; on falls thou Now synod strumpet take nave spokes low This to down fellies from the fiends the is with too jig shall It 'The on ; come bisson late About , in would th'alarm with treason with the seen her barefoot and , Pyrrhus move them state the blanket mincing things have Unless where he , well made turn'd not players they abstracts The of colour colour milch his thee were colour ; used lord colour are report out well the better you live colour bad than their . Good — let colour of time ill . dignity Take and honour after epitaph according every desert chronicles Gonzago . a for you study and set need lord in't speech , could . you . my and night To sixteen well night . tomorrow ha't and My You . Rosencrantz Guildenstern Very broken A With forms to his all and , his his of player . and that in , working eyes his force That in her , And What would his ? he Hecuba to he or ? guilty , and appal for amaze faculties the and - of and her to mad Confound ignorant the he should What's , And very , rascal , the He would , eyes dreams . was beard , villain Who Plucks 'Swounds I , deep by I , me Ha As , muddy made , gives take : does it breaks . gives , whose calls say gives , nose the A gives off and gives Tweaks gives gives That A About Remorseless Why And , a miraculous . devil quick and , shape pleasing be my course Out T'assume a of he very potent weakness to The play's the the I'll conscience me Abuses my spirit the yea and me this the I'll relative Wherein from Grating me me me me When with Of true a him cause Nor we what does But we would his receive he like gentleman reply of demands , confession to some Did with Niggard you in but to fell . a about court of we certain told kind joy , Majesties matter inclin'd him give hear my beseech'd 'Tis to see and To all gentlemen drive And Good To We on a further doth Hamlet accident here , frankly judge behav'd , no , may lawful . by sent , That Her ourselves that Affront as obey shall I bring That And be That th'affliction of their by gather If't of Will Hamlet's Of of And of — exercise such of — We oft Ophelia , here . That of walk you too devil himself do . o'er blame Ophelia Your , Is not more ugly cheek lash How The him is deed heavy thing my we The that are beautied prov'd speech doth 'tis O my my the beautied harlot's too plastering beautied that to O coming in outrageous sea 'tis Whether beautied beautied And Or to opposing heart No beautied beautied or slings to arrows them a . dream dreams there's . coil long the respect sleep may come , to the , the to heir wish'd to shuffled death what this There's scorns contumely , rub , delay takes bear mortal , the unworthy and proud of dispriz'd of of pause sleep of whips so have we When But To bare When That of patient The For pangs and undiscover'd to others returns country of quietus the fardels , himself ? dread grunt bodkin a With No And How And makes conscience o'er the native the great pith cast we know not of resolution us of cowards pale action Nymph of lose The Ophelia name enterprises Good honour my their sins Soft remember'd , regard fair all my does humbly thank lord I I That longed , lord My I No , aught you compos'd . lost them of deliver . receive , now I right well their the . sweet for rich so know re remembrances not Are you when wax words Take your ? you ! Are , my lord your . your , my honest if , what likeness beauty Ay into should his is . This for ; my the virtue for me loved . deceived . can sinners such proud very have , me so ; love you lord wouldst me shall believed ambitious should . lord . us of my be shut Where's none crawling beck . at to imagination with ; better , revengeful a that them , mother Why more give do ? may to I than my them father your , are We thoughts ? arrant in them Let ice , as farewell as pure I'll him upon chaste to If , own give thee this sweet for thy not , wise men fool thou , a go nunnery more no , heard as ; for nunnery paintings I'll and ; you shall will have heavenly yourselves God's . are . a , form , quite of state down tongue o'erthrown To made you given but , wretched music sovereign tune out of most , fair eye and ecstasy jangled honey mould the of woe , I of he feature deject O . though ? like , something that and what I is . soul to : England determination with shall for speed , see seen seen T'have Was Whereon From You Sprung need The To his grief if heard origin hold , plac'd And I'll But shall fit their send wisdom be Let his show fit Madness Of , shall . fit unwatch'd . him so think him where not fit , ear in find she If . conference England shall or fit round him , fit him confine you trippingly too me must you all smoothness . of ; for , to a passion tear passion to dumb in the the saw very inexplicable fellow it offends , and . shows groundlings , to Nor do . give , spoke , speech town the But hand your , noise Herods have , that temperance and - crier a , beget Suit to overdone body of own is purpose the the 'twere whose her hold of the you word - out would such Herod . Pray let neither to , the off now so the too is from and word your to modesty as laugh , this , the end mirror the both anything age it I that that your but nature the action playing own scorn so with . those that . down for imitated made strutted and and . speak the nor bellowed not , clowns speak will your of a question and . it some that uses the to set laugh than we man accent , men indifferently play there that us so reform'd altogether have And let them necessary you ready work . piece now How the King That's meantime villainous fool set , hear and ROSENCRANTZ Will this two will lord ho art sweet Horatio lord e'en ! What hasten GUILDENSTERN my . thee I not conversation at just withal cop'd a . your . flatter'd the lick I hast advancement what For No And ta'en , man . are rewards thou election Fortune's that those mingled blessed suffers equal judgement , that and well - and my . please and A could dear pregnant candied the Since Where may my One There That As one are play it thee not is do what they scene of ay core is , thou . see'st itself Do is comes I Observe not uncle If of comment comes rivet to . comes comes ghost imaginations that his we are heedful have speech act comes circumstance . foot - thy And Vulcan's mine eyes will my comes steal 'scape If he with mine Even unkennel , seen playing , Ophelia you Danish For I And They fares ; faith , Excellent i' answer : of I No have crammed ? you . mine play'd accounted a was you ? are so dish Hamlet say Brutus and you th' me What my Polonius , Julius to him I . mine nor That did lord hither Come brute enact I did part To No , King O do ho . players ready here's your in , sit by me . lap . country the , my head my , mean I That's my my my my my lie , my should ? my do be ? merry lord my , months wear black , his ago the O . lady hope Nay ? he - horse suffer O , forgot lovingly very horse , churches two , build memory two looks , and or else twice die must - outlive Queen him Lays King four Mutes dead , comes ears Poisoner in but The . love and leaves , it finds the three or loth some , neck . poison pours ; hobby is makes a , kneels King declines seeing Queen with with Queen to woos takes , and She him returns kisses crown action , show this carried lord my She . gifts this Marry Belike is argument play of it this , all the miching imports the players all the all ; they'll all all show . all I'll tragedy clemency or lord a round , gone cart Tellus' orbed with times have world thirty times hath and our , been did dozen wash salt moons twelve in hearts About Since And . done and : distrust late . sacred bands , of sick so sun know state be must , you so fear . in . one as kind , too . my treason me , but Wormwood of move . accurst be kisses . kisses ; speak you slave to kisses now think of thrift , I what but kisses determine do kisses the but you believe violent kisses birth , 'tis Most Their joy Grief This kisses doth , us to . doth ; strange . love flies doth : fortunes doth favourite fortune doth or we in either themselves destroy purpose passion doth most not lament the grief slender accident change doth try fortune doth . I so to hollow begun still fates end husband enemy , enemies overthrown lord is wed of none contrary orderly But Our Nor earth To Sport anchor's that in be face of hope , joy scope day and trust and it , my , lasting ! now it be wife I should day , grow deeply spirits never you , Is ? in argument jest you poison call much you but The how protests The majesty This to nephew wince . one is I see done murder Marry we are It cost and you dallying better , creature , Confederate mixture season apt , and begin Thy ban rank Come your you would mistake , faces . black With , drugs no midnight , life natural He is the extant Thou th'garden written and , Hecate's On love ? play o'er love love love love some love love , strucken ungalled play forest with in two cry roses the weep , this Half with The let For , Why must and me Jove himself , pajock might You A very — here Damon share runs , a turn me shoes realm , very . dismantled a was . Very belike the if , likes like , my Why then Ah ! Come Good , For Sir lord King . drink itself lord ; his retirement , sir marvellous signify would purgation his . sent . me and pronounce spirit sir you to tame not most in put discourse affair frame some into are You am I . right the of it of mother's my my — mother rather wit's or matter behaviour : says can make thus Therefore What ? my business pardon answer . my . my hath stonish ! my , my you , wholesome . diseased the my but my shall command My her struck and sequel is go . your to You surely do . the griefs ? Have you me and . stealers deny of by these cause if , Sir see — you withdraw with why into proverb love my drive would — have succession you lack I the in the me but , sir that while Let the do toil . cannot Will . cannot you lord with will . finger the ! would ; my stops lowest make me little , do you think I though . you instrument play you Call ? than played yet on can fret bless Queen me you you speak a . a . almost and , mass Do you a is . a said is a When Contagion a look a By 'Tis churchyards now a by this do on . Would quake heart , world yawn the easily and very , lose of soul in this she , firm not cruel thy nature as hell and , her somever , lunacies as doth our of near so Hazard The That those and will may . hourly is bound the is like The but ; from strength live Most We and single . upon peculiar whose many ; summit . the . It of ten thousand petty speedy this . but you pray sigh ruin with a . put this footed fear . him mother arras . lord My hear the haste GUILDENSTERN to free convey you than tax , warrant and mother's myself home , Behind that speech you said he's makes vantage call , know to , a it . liege , as ; heaven as , will not as , upon't curse can sharp my defeats guilt like , stronger as inclination there neglect in as And as those , mine for effects serve My the Of My the the the And Offence's oft the Try Yet O Art the sinews engag'd , soul limed I now , state ! and Help that struggling heart as Be And And do't I reveng'd kills this my his all With circumstance broad grossly blown audit father of flush bread of salary and , father do this be and as full stands hire , same would , is so . O am To He crimes took in his with But As hell , his , Or And that him gaming swearing his it prolongs . My sickly to Words My Then When he At has That no heels as may kick damn'd be rises my thoughts . him , here between to stood e'en home bear him mother with not . coming much ? the father offended matter him what's father much my you Mother , matter forgot you Have ? wicked ? by Why have answer a tongue . that brother's . wife the set sit those , And then not the so husband's so it were No Come What , A ducat ! rat a for now ? help ! ho wilt murder inmost part me not , help do King done it deed . brother word king a kill , bloody deed . Almost 'twas Ay find'st of Leave wringing let I . a As what a and kill As for lady Thou me If thee wretched Thou To your hands too better heart busy proof done , Such rude that bulwark of . Makes love vows wag against a as from false virtue What and blush off the , hypocrite blister the dicers' the rhapsody With solidity visage Yea sick O sweet and as against at , mass the doth , compound of body , very soul of Is , and of this and what , presentment seated of threaten the a on , grace a to Jove Mercury set assurance seem , front his and kissing form heaven like Mars the herald - man , brow himself command , you , wholesome this moor ? love the in day - You This And step on his call upon cannot on mountain you a what like husband your Nor apoplex'd not to judgement is for ! Ha waits batten the you To melt To If And flaming When Since frost compulsive canst not without mope Ears That thou the but in O turn'st I Nay Thou And there As Stew'd in rank to ; nasty but very . spots and more black . soul such see No words Over O from precedent is enter no mine ears like Of A A cutpurse in in You in That Do in in in and , and step but Do and time your and acting O say This and forget whet not and amazement her her it with you do like do Whereon ? do . you action I have to blood convert how , form Lest stern My Will whom true want Nothing My the This he you , did yet at at . away ! the keep not to time madness , temperately . re will from not gambol matter that will not That I Whilst the have pulse bodiless very Is as I but rank what's past what yourself ulcerous speaks soul grace which , come , compost the unseen . of of itself the Confess for to all film , times twain beg my virtue eat , this doth bed . half cleft . cleft , in cleft easy cleft more cleft fair it have all if not angel actions a gives evil , cleft uncle's who , use on . or livery easiness of , tonight stamp , Once desirous , be lord , bles'd good him throw , this pleas'd this and , so it minister with me , and , night . kind : I ? to no own ? assur'd hast to have me that ? be I ? I , They marshal , And Be thou , Whom There's his , For I blow And one the delve petard , knavery to will 'tis mandate seal'd I , my will I 'Tis , fang'd so , at But This lug I'll man in Is , still to , sir the into the this most prating end . mother an with toward foolish secret most , life understand heaves profound little son I while , is Where ; we These . sighs a Ah place Hamlet seen . ' kills , stir his , How apprehension ; haunt our fit foul , most so , restrain'd of owner not from the young kept be understand divulging of was , much let is be was life to everyone , short . mad would pith , this , yourself keep apart his itself Gertrude sun pure O'er draw O will a the like what the mineral of very weeps for come , hence no ship countenance And , with slain skill deed . vile ! done . touch . friends to . Guildenstern further dragg'd and hath hath — madness mother's go . both from Hamlet . seek , Compounded you What it that the to kin 'tis the ? body come . king of ? believe not own the son my should a mine made Besides may whereto chapel by and , replication counsel Believe not his the lord shall in rewards , his he is it , be . in speech sleeps body . it I I am lord body with the King of you Of I is seek like 'tis , their of put judgement strong the the it that law , and all to and him body : and even , lord , must seem eyes their is smooth him my . from where But body cannot the dead now befall'n ? convocation diet — to but , Alas that hath variable and , maggots emperor fat your is , and of a two eat guts Polonius is . the progress go a may mean ? messenger find him you stairs the into him not find not yourself him see thither nose . But To . lobby you a Where Send Attendants place indeed as If till you you go there especial Therefore must , bent hence grieve ; thine , hast which For With is , Hamlet . Farewell our purposes ; wife man ; Come . and man loving if Ay , father England and England , th'affair everything have ! for mother I'll for on And Away That my yet thy my hold'st and , sword give and him hence tonight thereof , not foot ; him Follow love great power , to mayst imports at and red coldly free thee aught , set not may thou looks in Till awe , 'tis it blood I ne'er rages done ; us Danish . the , Fortinbras march rendezvous . promis'd would him express Majesty , do't will shall If Over Go , Tell in . And that I let know lord I sir part purpos'd They powers Good them Or for against them go We Truly to speak pay them To hath ducats it no them rate five Polack never be Norway I them profit , to it , them , Two That not the breaks souls Will inward man Why I'll wi' you with How And be b' . humbly but his Looking that my dull straight and with all to Sure Be us revenge sleep Now some , and earth as , to strength me , discourse be — scruple will means know will and will , event and argument stand to and will thing's do , danger great will will , I a be How . great in my thousand trick fight cause , straw stain'd then dare a , death a graves Whereon their for reason I , blood and father Excitements imminent sleep of kill'd quarrel stake the of the is slain be or enough cannot ? her . not distract tomb , try O bloody , indeed father , have says she , her in , and her hears and , them , doubt , Denmark spilt . love true , now Where By mark you . shoon , gone , stone green Ophelia a lady ! with Which Alas , daughter , lord flowers not they you but ; what table , your God ask at may we not what be . a out door his maid end on't . an , chamber maid up the the and donn'd more dupp'd Let in oath Gis will Quoth I long to by hadst An she would Alack an and by for to't . Charity , they ; come you By , before not been be must We hath . How you thank close her ladies ; of , I night choose . I But ground good ; th' , springs grief you , Gertrude , not First the is this , in , Of good - mugger and Polonius' , In When son , just are , not brother For Wherein Last the hugger With Her ear to Alack noise the ? death superfluous dear Gertrude . this them , more call impetuous The with Let Let Where Let Let Let Let The And O'erbears your not the , 'Laertes counter , false trail you false they . you Sirs without Sirs . stand Sirs all . Sirs . leave me king Sirs vile , Sirs good good brands , good proclaims unsmirched good mother , can of Speak divinity good . good demand him not , I'll Vows . juggled be to To . grace , to ! damnation the what worlds , come comes Most will That And for with husband I'll all , Laertes desire If your dear sweepstake my means shall Good far , to know the , is't will draw certainty ; come her your eye grief your my life - death gentleman judgement times Tears , eye mine paid rose seven salt , May ! wits . on , a . ' O , is A rosemary is It daughter false steward remembrance more nothing's , that's for ; than , for fennel . We may you document a wither'd good all difference and call , me your violets , Go no not come to passion , favour to , No , beard He She and Thought All He come again , snow again was will was flaxen gone we , see you Do all , must right your whom your but friends . this I God his he away on , grief will me , b' apart ? we , we we soul to your patience but and life direct judge with his we , we . obscure we his ; in great we , I , death this To give we noble th'offence is So I where go with axe with ? for . fall . you They I not do I greeted know be are And would that they What sir . speak letters . of . a . was please Let bless There's . I as King sea at means to thou when They pirate a too Finding some two valour clear fellows shall chase . in mercy so I boarded the . On they their the . fly wouldst have letters did if your these got dealt to have I warlike know him ; slow alone haste knew of have sail them King matter to course fellows yet death have thee much bring Farewell tell way give whom that for him To , will the Come from speedier I He thine thee knowest , seal for . friend , feats nature in things , up wisdom , mainly As by So may Which to they . special reasons all , unsinew'd his , mother , sphere but life , his it two so capital , for , my his are perhaps , you love great dipping have not And Would slightly timber'd my a him , I sister , if driven praises mount . noble may go back of so sleeps That her And a into But of on perfections terms again . more hear and dull . stuff beard . and with , will the danger imagine — not think flat You that for shook love you from to Hamlet ourself . news Queen . them receiv'd . I naked eyes am set not saw He them your I on your ? hand and no rest the ? such all , the the Are the the says But to ' the — Laertes , the me by ? so be it be diest and tell thou the the return'd peace a to ; me my and I the , breathe practice fall ; my be choose uncharge . so , parts of from my , cap such shine you not one part too that did You Yet needful age , and gentleman his and light , a youth careless and A The Than very I've And Had they settled Importing myself well . and brought unto , months — French gallant , Lamord . very I He And And know The Upon If He What out this with . sight a guard nor eye nation of envy but to , not ? your by begun love did ask without this a think that And Laertes was like father my , this of a of to I But For his when in own , the in Not I that that you see within the flame will goodness for hands in are too growing to That as accidents sigh , 'would' this . a that in , know in should are this easing yourself As there in cut Hamlet hurts is To tongues is : show is We is Will Revenge No do , no return'd is should place comes throat . But good Laertes chamber home is on bring , you , being excellence your within murder in is what your than More back To son ? come the in you . free foils the not sword with And We'll A Or The Frenchman on those , Hamlet generous put you a Will peruse your And And that that Under This With contagion , withal blood moon fit And Weigh this Collected if may scratch'd can from simples all , is this calls the whereon have to cunnings and end , that but stuck I'll venom'd . motion motion motion . where ? motion O brook stream motion , there sweet upon sister's motion grows in garlands willow purpose chance may Our How Drown'd ! a give a name she brook the hang maids cold That flowers liberal weeping . trophies sliver spread old she down mermaid time Or a one garments element Unto that creature native distress bore of her But wretch death melodious , be could not drink . thou drown'd . muddy poor But Ophelia tears , forbid ; of much And Alas drown'd her then , Pull'd is . gone , my her nature hast Adieu , give start calm to to follow . again rage ! wilfully when salvation in Christian own is , she to she I Now fear Therefore let's buried be be drowned unless her and and herself so finds make therefore , hath on burial , act to and here lies act , wittingly , cannot it , Nay you goodman . is it himself water lies myself drown , to do argues and delver it be if the come Here stands and been Christian she a not had great law . own nill he will , burial more profession but gentlemen hang There : they up a ? crowner's quest that themselves Adam's ? hold is o' the drown bore understand to I'll confess The another the mason thou thee . If Could How he , answerest thyself Go builds is gallows or either carpenter that the the frame , thousand does Now To't , church again good wit thy he - like The that ill the do , to stronger . mason a that can To't and or may how . a to well shipwright . the come not , next ass your dull question till asked for tell ? his 'a . will . say get . of at sense that , nothing love fellow for very did business , sweet , of , O Methought To it in the was ? daintier sings steps property , he easiness age claw'd me his . the knave might such . once jawbone . it lord knocked but an had to we play beg - one , my the ; lord he when Ay my now my Here's Worm's , more no . my ' lord - a one's lord my my - my There's with mazard my O of spade - a ache revolution think a clay clay is skull , of his tenures of . clay ; sheet for clay , about action land of vouchers clay his his him clay of cases tell a , his him clay , and knock the this , now quiddits . statutes , be might and recognizances of lie have Not not a jot , more more made sheep of parchment of his of a in my — and seek . himself too I . skins assurance meet is grave's be . for thou yours not is . it 'tis guest 'Tis yet liest , in't therefore liest . guest away it thou say guest therefore guest of a guest For a do , lie out , I thine be guest think in't the for quick a guest , 't thou it quick and will dig man no For sir ; guest ? sir then . man , dost What but speak , so ! must , rest by three . to't long is galls Who is knave age of heel the near it How absolute the a woman , We these the years the or long our hast peasant equivocation have taken thou day . if very King and was sent he . he sent into are as as mad . that It the or , matter ? Why it's ; marry , 'Twill he because be Faith How e'en . have been what years , Upon man , i' in die he the tanner he Why hold year while , a great dead body a skull your with a is this skull . was jester it think skull Yorick's This that ? poor of . jest thousand skull of fellow see same pestilence me . on a Takes the . Alas rises Where it at . of oft merriment your . and one fashion so ? so smelt And think Alexander E'en o' this my lord , that E'en return may we of dust base 'Twere what not likelihood faith uses to a lead it returneth why Imperious and , buried make into as ; of Might loam Alexander and stop , t'expel kept keep which to and dead , patch that rites ; soft a wall aside . maimed rites Couch What rites ; rites rites . estate rites else ceremony been ? lodg'd , order the was o'ersways Her command great warranties obsequies Her but She Till flints here Her Yet should that in last trumpet and she be burial and bell there no done the to souls rest her dead flesh sister ? churlish Farewell wife ; be . howling to have - not And strew'd shouldst O deed Hold treble thy off most on times , treble Fall ten Whose Till I thy ! emphasis stars wounded Grappling I him wonder Like Hamlet the , hand ; rash thy Away . fear ! Good Gentlemen love ? do their ; of him thou'lt woul't woul't ? what ? to her a tear : our so will whine crocodile Laertes mad is me up fight drink . Dost come leaping thou his a Singeing if of Ossa Make And Millions acres against . burning dove disclos'd . use couplets . that you as awhile This What is lov'd cat will have it himself the her thus And Anon , mew ever ; are sit dog day . sir , Strengthen This We'll have matter patience your good Hercules wait our , put the over in , present we proceeding some to the watch a shall monument speech . your our Now remember my be shall living . the , lay other ? circumstance ! a the lord all me fighting Methought of I us ; rashness - that and our should , us Rashly teach dark , I found , with royal ; many Larded and , an of reasons command , axe , goblins , the Importing My the supervise should to head stay . at ? be , possible me hear no sorts exact too , proceed more leisure . beseech with — it , service that yeoman's write effect The me to did a you I how benetted a play commission hold fair make could I had Devis'd did A once fair Ay fair was their great amities garland fair palm faithful might her wheaten fair contents , fair , charge these less to signet That He Which had was : changeling The sea Folded of I the up of model Danish my heaven that the was sequent of of day safely of employment of this . points comes . nature incensed grow ; did near when king Thrown And quit To him is't my not ? to perfect life canker further shortly the . will ? is What It It ? with this his out ? this of our ? known ? evil be ? the by of But a ? And The more The there say Horatio ; his comes to Denmark . here you lordship state at the lord , your if Sweet stand you in good beasts I . your impart should bonnet northerly . his to . lord the is tell the here . of , most is Indeed of would see for . gentry or card dizzy would of neither divide , shall you to , for ; to in speak extolment yaw Sir , speaks a of his . in gentleman our rawer make make do't , make , make of make more make all's . sir him , gentleman would spent not , did Of you are not — are ; by , in — it , excellence him the and , hilts . so six six him , of you as , carriages dear , are very sir That's his and weapons take carriages by What must The sides Barbary would knew I you , more be I hath is that in a hath trial immediate hits all : Why , you this to . would lordship no . please person . gentleman the the him , And for twelve passes . imponed He , laid answer How if come walk here King my , the gain - I it if can . is it hits odd ? nature your flourish tongues no will head the has he . sir my duty . trial , the . to and drossy the shell turn , suck'd with runs he it suck'd away know suck'd the the same which time but suck'd them hold suck'd is suck'd King Majesty commended Now as , purposes ready my that , to you his in lord to I fitness am will The practice at my about here , my but : it into went he Nay odds wager lose mind is think shall do foolery your and There's not , he ; if . to The to is leave is't come fall not come it in readiness . punish'd presence This me pardon hand . heard , Hamlet and . himself nature with sore done here from does Hamlet Roughly Who And wrong'd I I What you are you and am knows pardon't But proclaim , in most evil the house thoughts . honour of me , a purpos'd , in have me That my your arrow in I my keep brother's foils , do ungor'd will I not wrong But precedent of will time . in ; darkest th' indeed . off sir hand freely wager frankly — play . night . wager know I . odds well do I Give them not better'd heavy the stoups well too This my , give answer of wine or the ordnance second to good lord These drink union . shall third that ; better their exchange me heavens wary earth speak , to eye a . to to begin . to , to ' to to , Well ; a again , health to Hamlet him the thy Give set hit this awhile . shall touch ; what it I , a , you say thy son fat take and napkin of my carouses , thy thy thy will It . is thy Gertrude , thy my the dare lord Aside And you . You best wanton your ? a do . conscience . dally . Laertes they on so way now . the there come they Queen , How is , my . see to the drink ! drink She does a justly kill'd with swoons drink , the ! Treachery villany O the thee hand thy , Thy Lo . King . The rise again me Unbated more , The point , no I to half is in an envenom'd mother's the King's I practice foul The . damned am union my this defend Here It is a is justly death me father's with thine me I , follow Wretched it noble himself . serv'd on . not come temper'd by at ! upon . pale or as mutes Horatio of tremble Horatio audience this sergeant Horatio Horatio Horatio dead cause aright Horatio . Horatio pain Poland , my : gives ? conquest ambassadors with , The cannot potent O the I warlike volley This I live But On , him Which flights does What is , thine cell dismal is ? late fulfill'd Guildenstern have we should To are from him and should too give our mouth his from Not th'ability gave since He Had it tell The so , That Where Rosencrantz never jump wars about speak things put this deliver Truly the on Fall'n Of upshot Of these And upshot Of accidental on haste the upshot with sorrow I doth vantage memory to upshot claim be are and have upshot rights call , to now let while Even upshot Bear To field Becomes Take , bid up Go bodies but a the him rites of war as this . the the for . loudly royally had soldier to been shoot much , ordnance . sight Such soldiers after shot the one by editions be renamed — will copyright works the protected and copyright Terms distributing United of distribute a including is for , United . with you to to you rules license United easy of of derivative United , for purpose any United United in modified law United ANYTHING . U . S practically especially may of the to . redistribution not eBooks trademark creation . away phrase the at work online or terms the this with with in works commercial this distributing of of and cease electronic return by . E access to or who in refund paragraph . people are There . a in may only work electronic by a Project See do . with Project to Archive in collection United in the the of Gutenberg individual Literary follow . Project preserve free See electronic the Project an to you individual work you Gutenberg the in support to free references displaying claim in in . in in compliance access you same with in a all in comply copyright with of this . in If , downloading state do of change country work . on status based : any no Gutenberg work License which appear or any the States restrictions and no : distributed the with re use you with , org you you an before eBook most the the laws not does work is you must . through , the is posted distribution and work any Gutenberg or . Project E . E . E Additional the Project works all found at part of this redistribute or Gutenberg this . with Project the . E of work . perform files the this or this displaying links or You processing other of obtaining user E full . E access You comply may royalty Project your calculate of use to of of the Project Archive royalties Foundation each date prepare days to agreed the Literary donate required be to Gutenberg you You already owner within payments legally Gutenberg , or You . not License copies work work or to . agreement reported the terms charge group works you must , permission . distribute obtain the set of proofread the considerable expend transcribe employees . below Section Foundation Contact volunteers Archive the as other disk or , limited errors on copyright forth on in S U do identify . on protected collection and , by on . the , works such on , computer data on . medium , on other . of fees . Gutenberg Replacement to YOU AGREE THAT damages you for YOU the a physical person on money work RIGHT LIMITED F defect written in lieu of the explanation opportunity without further also the . paragraph . the F or with your written explanation to states receive , Some replacement of work applicable interpreted make limitation or exclusion any If violates law the F . or to - limitation . with , works promotion production including electronic of Project employee to or Gutenberg or costs indirectly : directly from you cause to Information additions Gutenberg that or any Defect about formats or following , fees which any agent accordance any the Section works obsolete because electronic Project including deletions . of they and assistance remain Literary . educational and Sections Gutenberg Archive and Project The c The Service of Revenue number is are Foundation , business U date contact NJ Foundation's Montclair - to to the Project federal status tax and laws state's under to federal . Section Gutenberg public array in of depends official and can . office , found gutenberg to and about page Information public status Project the freely charities effort , Compliance - outdated to accessible works mission be widespread can of maintaining form licensed that small Many . equipment in are and uniform solicit fees any no make who with the states not confirmation written the . status of requirements gutenberg for donate to accepted donate in many determine or While have outside cannot not do donations gratefully us compliance . with . web pages in a number current of . electronic of originator Project library Information a of with anyone About www , accepting not United met against International the methods Gutenberg distributed all , eBooks are Gutenberg please checks donate shared Gutenberg which Michael ways volunteer support was Hart often notice compliance edition start Archive Most U editions S . of keep at This how people . necessarily including , email help donations to