Who's Stand ? Barnardo . me answer . He your , cold bitter at 'Tis . quiet heart most carefully stirring a guard bed , sick mouse make ? had , Horatio Stand them bid , ground . hath Give Barnardo O I Welcome not , What With have says let entreated minutes our tush , let us are What us hear sit pole from part , it , we speak this . heaven again . then thee the like King that's wonder , me not like art It Question . Most It fair and . thee spoke it . What art Did ! gone ! something think not , How ! As thou like mine sensible I more than ? and . true You ! on't it was Such very ! he smote sledded When the when armour not art th'ambitious he had : angry in an combated on watch dead , hour , knows that , land the , he day haste King of emulate heraldry and life by ; of combat ; by so Did Dar'd he Which gaged And His fell our inheritance carriage Hamlet unimproved the Of been Was Against To vanquisher mettle sir , of list of lawless to ; in't and a skirts diet Hath to For a it But his terms stomach Is So by of main father to doth appear unto foresaid this those by I it land preparations , head and , so this that sort it may think it armed Comes this post . in the chief rummage other watch the through and it little with Disasters As Upon Was and ; sun trains and stood high to tenantless in of gibber . events illusion voice ! to me , comes , avoid fate life , thy country's . thy to and thing privy O , to ease Speak thou For gone ! violence . majestical so being ! thing throat , warning invulnerable guilty . of the that truth spirit of is dare abroad , night time crowing , air his at and ; erring hies herein crowing to believe part gracious in do witch and hallow'd crowing ever Some To Wherein say dawning say they of crowing singeth no , no long the , the , I crowing Unto , crowing spirit crowing Do , I our shall pray do't needful us consent in and fitting speak advice . it russet my tonight ? morning this us yon and have my eastward mantle seen upon him by for to Hamlet impart dumb shall ; acquaint , loves we . know duty Cornelius be hearts in , in wife Taken Your affair better to ; follows With With With to , now on . joy thanks our freely herein in eye , marriage worth our dream us with his meeting : time this for brother with those of pester law , lands frame advantage . brother's of bonds , writ here is , is dispatch are and , of bearers of The further gait his impotent is Of Thus is To His King more will is , we show . is duty commend . personal , Norway Voltemand made to , in full and good to dilated : proportions to and old the duty . your our . scope native of speak your lose And You shall not voice . more reason What cannot You The The head Than hand of the thy ? the to heart to ; done , must your you father's leave leave pardon slow . your wishes willingly again your confess whence leave show though Your Yet bow them and in lord , my , But And Take I Upon his do beseech thy A . will I give Laertes clouds hang Hamlet , and cousin graces Laertes my is , Not How it Laertes Laertes Laertes thy , that , Hamlet know'st Laertes Good Passing thy thine for Ay , nature , not let for noble all lives , the in the visage eye mother good of seem passeth suits woe man a . indeed grief might , the nature and . is a But some to unmanly incorrect mind to and our , be simple , condolement stubbornness impious do In father you But Of To Take A From 'This , are the father fathers till . a , And impart In It you , to nobility of his intent , mother cousin go lose , not Hamlet to our to Wittenberg son , our throne our in desire For you . our : Wittenberg eye best , cheer loving and a whereof today in Madam you prayers Let Be This No too flesh ! come reply , again would dew ! stale - Everlasting had God nature ! God ! in two , this : mother garden unweeded come rank it that roughly ? on't — wants married discourse with , month like more , a salt the , the yet longer brother , Than She , married It , nor O . most in to must come lord ever forget you do see . Horatio with that my Sir you And But am I very what make faith make , good enemy that say my of truster know affair deep drink to see ere you depart ? violence , so you in . I yourself teach you me mock to came father's Elsinore funeral student upon follow'd dearest seen my heaven . in , eye he Horatio ? I , mind's goodly . father your King Saw lord , lord , take I King , ear your admiration witness till these I gentlemen may for The My Season I With I think hear I love let to together dead and Marcellus I the Been Armed them encounter'd Appears slow with - your the night pie , watch gentlemen me , their on , of A stately , figure exactly fear them point . and with , are each had I third deliver'd not more this thing they , hands where the word knew These , lord My did once ? watch methought , it , as like the Itself at And sound from But answer made up vanish'd live , think know down haste cock But motion sirs the this . writ . my BARNARDO and you , do lord tonight , Both , Arm'd my say lord toe ? From Hold indeed to to his face head not he you from top beaver ? upon long ? constantly fix'd his Most I would amaz'd Stay'd . life his in it tonight walk again . I was seen silver'd I I assume my it it noble hell father's person itself peace have you If Let And whatsoever an to bid be it , will . you speak I'll If loves 'twixt visit I'll your eleven So , but , and fare tongue tonight still ye , twelve , honour mine , my : play in Hamlet , in youth and the convoy And Hold Forward perfume not a fashion you and a of toy ; sleep you of suppliance , minute ; blood in more ; Perhaps . of crescent bulk inward wide The And thews In The virtue now For but this mind doth must cautel he but ; as ; choice yielding if he far so Then his act that whole believe he choice this to be circumscrib'd : depends ; loves place further it no withal his may honour fear rear of , it of desire your , songs affection . open , moon strokes youth spring , fear . near of in else keep . lesson libertine brother ; sail . a upon Aboard , There . sits are stay'd in the his , blessing memory tried no thoughts means vulgar act by thought thy ; entertainment precepts these them But Grapple Nor Give each familiar , soul hatch'd not unto hast , not rich few of thee judgement , may ; that . husbandry may . station man the a ; may proclaims of select borrower nor the fancy France both edge be , may be and may the to follow my blessing season in thee . day the may friend itself and own of lender best generous most loan above This time The it said , to and well yourself And Farewell Farewell something , well bethought the oft and most you to you on 'tis and of bounteous ? you Given If that What You And please it hath Of ? my behoves caution yourself must tell you . honour clearly put — many like to me . green a circumstance such You speak affection his Do do way not his lord between He is Give me up the truth , girl as , think yourself true more me tender . with ? them . the love fool of for should think wind ; I'll Marry you thus Which , not In , it , you'll a it the all his go to rate a I , soul , time making both daughter know young walk ; show Ophelia bawds their and . a must not take parley . fire for Be entreatments a that In . which sanctified slander with moment from , time forth all leisure Hamlet , investments vows given with And not Not I would to ; terms , for charge words in plain talk , bites It The come you give lord . hour now ? twelve lacks Indeed ? Wherein the spirit of is It his . my ? his the tonight and swaggering I No does , kettle And The - as he wassail mind , born it custom is't than revel - manner a of draughts trumpet thus . Rhenish bray . our perform'd it of though and indeed with of headed in traduc'd ; tax'd east swinish : observance and phrase men height takes west ; of the , wherein they nature particular drunkards us Makes This us our The That Soil achievements and addition birth The By down some , general as be Fortune's of defect guilty them , substance may undergo take a doubt evil pure noble fault Look Shall that all the . scandal comes ! corruption The . damn'd ! the As else particular Being Nature's — or they , his own me , Wherein we thee To King Bring speak burst intents such thee ignorance but , the ; death sepulchre , disposition , steel mean jaws this the in and ! fools our What of shake , did impartment alone it As this thoughts With It waves go more courteous away go if Look not a . I . ground . means then . do no will , Do my not Why But to it removed It you And set waves It a , it . forth Being my for me Think desperation , of reason , of I'll again What it tempt The might deprive assume dreadful the sea . go each As away I'll the By I heaven say makes . on with not will state him let's Heaven will Something follow Have after is almost come . further ! to sulph'rous shall unfold . What thy spirit hear when ghost myself up , thy thou hearing . hear shalt fires the ? to in , forbid ; of days my in . my whose thy spheres their that ; prison But away word blood ; part ; father List the combined to God ! best ; dear . particular each And ears To If But Murder to meditation May know't as that or sweep I shouldst And Haste duller rots stir 'Tis given itself That most revenge love of thoughts , with wings , fat than so in process in not ; know , the in whole of me a , but Rankly O Mine that father's noble death of ear Is Ay that of wit seduce my — won to traitorous adulterate incestuous wit his of , a hand seeming - was and decline vow of off with wicked , witchcraft I mine . But went whose as a gifts with it of heaven the angel bed ; link'd , radiant natural marriage whose was ; to celestial I itself to a never the my orchard morning on Sleeping secure . And sate in were mov'd , me let But those That it a . in ; vial man of the doth quicksilver an in leperous and courses of droppings the always my Upon Brief in a posset it . tetter bark'd alleys sudden like I , Of Most of brother's about , as gates , curd thin The The The And a with smooth with , of in crown , a with ! hast with And most my even Unhous'led With O A luxury royal in O made with with with If thou nature couch for mind reckoning all with sent my most Denmark head to on ! But mother sting his . aught , those worm her to my bear be contrive soul imperfections not the thy 'gins of And Against thy leave pursu'st this to to ! What Remember not thee ? my instant her thy well matin in ; Taint To - adieu thee Adieu host my ? Remember , And shall all , distracted me hell adieu Ay thou ghost globe trivial all That of Yea I couple you saws O But I'll And , while . all from forms all matter book the with most of alone pernicious is villain , sure I Within tables So That , uncle I adieu . ' ; villain , live word my are HORATIO Within . and lord to Denmark down it and be may smile and may Illo Within Heaven ! ho , ho So lord , my , bird , lord ! come lord lord wonderful news ho ho is't , lord I my I How you say But a There's , so it as , hold right To no ne'er tell that hath and for my go man fit as they and words ; poor you , I'll part I'll , part point hands and own and shall : I'll — I'll here , I'll , us , you between now And you are I'll your is't is Touching . too Saint There's I'll O'ermaster't For is And an as ghost there Patrick to know that but let what and , scholars , lord poor . offence much My lord , have make Never you . I . sword , We Nay lord swear't my , I , my , not . there Art ? so thou you Ha Come boy Cries lord . thou . lord Swear . indeed under , Consent Hic to Propose speak . you . Come we'll this hands lay to Swear your Swear . i' Swear Beneath Well by of ? hither . good friends night mole Canst work speak Never and Than your things strange pioner There With As arms by pronouncing thus , some could 'There 'We perchance , philosophy shall seeing of such as , you To know 'If Or Here dreamt to mercy me giving and and need , head or me bear I soe'er times out — your Swear . rest , I do commend me so poor Beneath most help this if phrase we would' , might' they to note is you . So . my all aught God willing So love a to in I cursed together go set O us and born these and money do And The That , notes lord Reynaldo good spite . to . it . sir Paris , you they where and are behaviour him do well said ; first , at encompassment they company and what , And demands distant and , friends Reynaldo you , and Take as As That , Enquire What how do who means , and question his this . may , ' dishonour As But What , mean ; take , none heed most slips and marry say ; far so may You youth As sir in Addicted so if't may But and may you as ? and of fencing , swearing . and are wanton such and , go Ay drabbing in incontinency mind and quaintly so ; him dishonour it breathe : general , blood and . you fiery faults ; I do know my , these Marry this . drift fetch sullies , seen thing believe my Wherefore 'Good to ; you breathe in converse The you of the prenominate , the Of in guilty assur'd , sound th' , working slight And 'twere youth ever I you son ' addition ? leave crimes be , does the in about — then , consequence good country , I sir By consequence' , yesterday such t'other know something lord , say , o'ertook as , in's or house forth . perchance rouse , ' sale' you ; now — of of or a and and , gaming then closes him he was At 'closes , There , takes out directions and carp , and , have me not of assays such falsehood we a with I then Shall God With bait falling him saw 'I Videlicet , windlasses son My lord have , b' How And let his ? in as , doublet in God Ophelia so name sewing all , down and his look his gyved I , I , of shirt hat Ungart'red as No have the matter , foul'd ankle each stockings , unbrac'd his Hamlet Pale , been , he comes in knocking with My do know lord , the He by Mad horrors I do ? the other perusal loosed ? thy he he I , a a seem to little it such so arm hard of What not to to falls He thrice his At As He did That way head shatter , his without eyes help his find being without light on the King , he of . his the go , thus piteous his bulk of desperate ecstasy itself heaven fordoes very any And leads is me . I will he words , sorry hard you As What That violent property . to any afflict have my I I . quoted made fear'd I him to sorry access me denied of , am did and beshrew the common As wreck thee as ourselves discretion it beyond hath not meant lack is be must This hate being for . better mad but jealousy trifle did . that And had , I , seems cast which than go we to , and long use Something th'exterior . Rosencrantz , More Resembles that , hasty nor need much to you to call man be , him ; Welcome ; Moreover , did ; you , humour your so to occasion and ; th'understanding . days of inward hath himself our and that the so I ; it , put , gather glean afflicts you by talk'd there . adheres Good whom sure gentlemen two you , are men so show , he within to open'd hath good , it and us our have of , us command . hope much gentry awhile thanks . remembrance receive Both As As us , am by We ourselves service be your full bent such and shall your king's of profit supply Your sovereign the Put obey , Than your to into , feet . the in commanded practices him to helpful and where some to , you is amen . of . good lord news good liege . good my my : Ay Norway joyfully the , or , or , King sure you hold of do of God my or do it hath of Give first that , I else lunacy . or policy that Hamlet's , Thyself do the or me sweet of He The doubt or my them that As very or O My shall be , and , all Well , Voltemand Say Most first , my from friends ? brother suppress . our a his ; against better To On Receives Was be , he what , to out Norway sent , he and Polack ; To That it old th'assay Fortinbras dominions for you such As On Through our And Gives levied an as his commission to employ those : Polack to further the , pass : read - your night is and This Most , think Meantime to your at for this together expostulate , well . labour . well , we majesty , waste . it nothing son but else to the let But , day day Therefore be brief since limbs is nothing for he Madam , I matter that at pity , foolish 'tis true . I And no . all . obedience mark . she gather . duty , a in I Thus the Hath celestial , and remains this the use no A I grant find rather And mad 'tis it . 'tis true 'tis , That given an phrase phrase to you her vile Ophelia , Perpend is , whilst thus — be ; surmise , stars move fire faithful . my soul's idol ; to Adieu , have , I . liar ? doth be to , most love am But at I the truth Good madam Doubt Hamlet this awhile will a . I sun stay thou doubt , And This I dear hath O most . not . believe is me , of his my time by , more Ophelia that But in fell out receiv'd solicitings place , by love ? me hot this your queen what on . I must tell the might and you do What fain so told Majesty my perceiv'd prove a I seen of I As Or given had I my Or ? mistress prince thus , went sight and mute round bespeak , here you table think you my young upon heart play'd Before ' lock messengers she Admit Which to a sadness — no his out , herself a thence now this a fruits , repulsed no not 'Lord done Thence Thence to lightness madness and from the you wherein , a Fell into she should And took , think this , know . be . ''Tis that I'd likely prov'd if will find indeed Hath Take from this were this otherwise ? otherwise together daughter . hours it sometimes How lead , hid . lobby the behind . from no be me be the and assistant for a state does then reason carters . fall'n love an If you does my he it to her arras and . does . in does does At does farm We keep not his thereon does ? my mercy . good . you O beseech do does God a . You me my Lord Hamlet , leave . I Not would Then Do you , well , my , thousand true my lord , ten were be honest lord goes of sir For to I , the very this , world a my a Friend is a Yet is gone , a he very a not a kissing good a being , lord but , a as look blessing my What . my to him first you a not . I'll truly walk I conceive Aside was Still sun that he And her not say ? the matter , my words , Between What is I their ; Slanders , tree ; faces satirical says do . speak . gone the All should , sir you potently with - sir the that , sir that gum yet am though lack most thus like madness go backward . yet be I hold wrinkled hams . be there method lord in't crab have I down and , if to , pregnant , and humbly between meeting that often air my . the , air ? from life you well my life of most take on which . my daughter him I him of will the . that take except sir my , there fools he . is , sir good in Fortune's Happy On that indifferent how of the lord . the we most news the privates ? my , waist her Fortune ? lord that . deserved Let the O But , news is true ? sends , my that Prison , of grown . she , What but world's true . the more dungeons , many are being worst one hither , and , one in goodly ; then Why you Denmark's is 'tis none nutshell ; it not are God ; me is nothing is the mind for count bad for beggars Then Truly and Which dreams I beggars' shadows matter such in to like upon reason th' we to but , court shadow and honest ROSENCRANTZ We'll not will To of wait man sort you even , your justly , I thanks Come ? dear come , say am own What should looks anything to To the what know I . the by and me and what . you , say What no youth conjure , by the were obligation sent could of rights sent have modesties Queen lord a dear be I then have Guildenstern you the proposer of hold , sent no anticipation Queen mirth , you . If heavily sterile o'erhanging ; that why , custom of discovery me . disposition , pestilent fire this promontory all congregation forgone my it ; neither , of beauty no to , say to this what , admirable me , yet And seem like , a golden with than me majestical this no a dust , shall plays the if from shall be welcome — you , offer laugh make gratis say whose man shall o' in ; shall Majesty and tickle shall ; peace sere ; entertainment I , hither to you those Even and clown lady it , coming the What her for't think I the not chances How same they Do How ? Do pace wonted in it they keeps , the inhibition profit they hold their , of so children berattle they are pursue rapiers . are afraid of goose than grow are exclaim . against most , been them their children . question . and . There the both . possible ; and nation while ? of about O Do has throwing it ? poet controversy do their the to player went away cuffs no in . the forty little in if , this him at a , not very strange mouths make that my . lord for picture players . like - deceived . yours You you The . you tell the handsaw . wind west my But . lest welcome you of , this welcome outward Guildenstern see Happily you , there , and time you but he I lord right will The news actors hither , my When . to lord are come you I came my buzz an lord . ass his for the poem historical , light the - or history , men , honour , pastoral heavy Upon on — thou ! my , daughter ' my more , Jephthah , no right Am , Jephthah call , daughter ? lord Why , not have . on , Nay by pious to It first row The , lot welcome of came the , my me friend all to in comes you I Denmark is beard , O , well valanc'd is to glad face was old a have uncurrent , mistress thee and you piece gold , Come like French . the Pray ? see heaven What to God ring . voice than , never acted if . speech lord , falconers of be it the was , it but , the top of received , give within a your altitude speech Come a my play cried , us , fly a and the of , such digested remember , scenes no more speaks , called to begins sable with : his rugged Black not whose in The is at he . very much Aeneas' affectation by savoury slaughter it the black , gules ominous complexion to in see me it If . Pyrrhus me see resemble foot , sons fire . hellish gore damned horridly trick'd , night , did Head discretion Pyrrhus good him finds sword His , Unequal command where well lord , accent . you , carbuncles o'ersized thus With too to his and it match'd rage lies . with he arm short whiff this , Then wind . with ; flaming to Pyrrhus the on . seem'd painted neutral as Which his Pyrrhus' Takes But with at silence in as death anon rack will against storm still pause - Cyclops' him did sets region speechless new after the and , the And Doth A And So Of hush As nothing . the a some And shall He's or Hecuba on barber's a , is a your too down away her wheel , say . on or flames good of beard bawdry , he sleeps . steep'd her malicious then venom fear treason did make her sword made of and clout threat'ning loins o'erteemed themselves Who A this About the her blanket Fortune's the When if But had mincing of move his saw would , th'alarm The he have turn'd not his you And Would see . speak players the are they lord My , I much ? Use more merit hear you play We'll sirs . use will man they hear me which You you Ay Very tomorrow To not Follow that are My not leave not not not him you . not mock I'll look welcome to , lord peasant this dream his his to a monstrous rogue Good God b' , a fiction his force With forms What's Hecuba to for motive the weep her ? with , speech I , and the the , stage indeed Yet for my king , pate my blows gives , eyes and No unpregnant rascal not cause amaze and of Confound Like - me as , have offal fatted liver'd take , most Am made breaks and was , lungs it the ? ere and or the , ass son am treacherous oppression Oh - all bitter this it lack kites villain ! vengeance , lecherous This dear and revenge whore , my what Prompted , Have That Been struck have so by They the I'll it have the that malefactions my ; blench but looks I'll I have father , I'll perhaps power seen I'll I'll , I'll no by harshly conscience . shape pleasing a T'assume you turbulent so from Get I'll catch the And from But would When Did Nor do But Did , but his of in free Most to any assay so it on out raught there of did - it I . This in are about have to him They 'Tis beseech'd before they hear play true night , the you we already order , doth a lord these . too accident Hamlet . lawful espials , seeing judge , as , Ophelia that encounter , their th'affliction That him bestow and of by obey shall ourselves closely may gather , he Her so And be he father And Will walk ourselves . To . Ophelia an may to exercise devotion's . do with oft such so on please this you this Gracious Read , That harlot's more my deed . Aside not The Than is Is a O cheek How hear him to 'tis slings Whether and take by No ache arms That Devoutly The opposing To flesh - sleep , we of death . and a and end or , be The To perchance be is wish'd dream to heir to what die sleep in Must makes calamity shuffled To , so There's contumely life mortal the the , office proud scorns time , the delay of dreams respect , the man's this long , law's the unworthy the would will the , the , have all we bourn the of , resolution of hue from , of bear and grunt that country Who The bear And o'er this name of their pale cowards we those puzzles something dread bear the bear not , now bear . bear , I never No pray , gave What means ? you . prove beauty power commerce admit gives ? your lord truly , my did made . thou breeder of did old , I did . not had with . Why wouldst be did of proud did shape at could deceived I you very I time earth between did . crawling give me borne offences to your or . believe my but he lord father you sweet not dowry nowhere thy fellows , house . If Let the doors chaste as thou dost a marry nunnery , ice a nunnery know pure I'll as , go men well : of you lisp Go to , more I'll no and . will live ; nickname make your , no and rest the The Th'expectancy what O glass soldier's , Th'observ'd of of , all And That The That see sweet suck'd that Now seen Blasted Like what have ecstasy and jangled bells I with His affections Nor not like spake he ? O'er which I do And be some I have madness it demand down of he in danger set : shall our which , countries neglected variable seas brains still . himself commencement now , grief I But . what Hamlet his as the play entreat him him with the ear , in you , where not , him him . trippingly , torrent too very air do the players to your it for ; do passion O gently . not of fellow pated , ears but of the inexplicable whipped nothing you for it avoid . Pray your honour a . periwig it - the warrant neither the ; I such Herod that is was , too action the not and the is her time , nor , neither the others heard , praise having journeymen the , man imitated the have accent and the , O the , pressure the others which the of laugh unskilful make that well the censure and some have of theatre we had that hope . pagan , of Christian more than is it reform themselves , be down . that Go and necessary . those indifferently some on meantime That's set uses in considered in King fool the And the How , my two ROSENCRANTZ Horatio ! service man . flatter good thy should revenue may think poor spirits , be pomp knee thou her election choice her hear flatter'd , been , rewards - are nothing those mingled finger him . of heart I will of this heart circumstance . man , that , wear father's , thy a before , tonight near of comment If , very see'st the mine with , uncle his speech ; pay place , and cousin our Enter Get aught this is will . play the theft , be Queen . a Hamlet chameleon's . th'university lord and accounted ? did my with , Caesar was . capital th' . mine once words these ; say What Julius That did I part of Ay was I kill'd enact , a enact to him brute Come upon your . you lie ? think Ay I , you . is horse churches protestation the ; Lays him him comes Anon down the King's upon in in . him the King , finds three her it , Mutes is body loth of four kisses asleep of with returns some The . dead of She end of , means of my lord ? it means this of mallecho ; argument imports the mischief . play the cannot of . show all all all all play tragedy , all all to ashamed . the all , a the , woman's hath times 'Tis thirty the the ere so state late done sun may , me journeys o'er and For In , you I far , the thee , functions in their great , fear are grows there . the . move love , lose . debt . in now determine but , But The Their revels with either to most memory to slave the is Of To violence , when unripe fruit Most pay The That Where For world joy , ourselves of themselves grief or enactures , our us with ; on grief grieves , destroy most accident . run devices poor down fortune left nor strange , flies ; friend try . light night , scope , destroy strife . break it be lasting face of and I now here wife , my trust the would blanks anchor's repose day me food , have from , and that cheer opposite . would sleep and leave me , it , beguile I fain , pursue well , play this mischance rock And My To spirits , 'Tis sworn , come never , heard Have ? The you , protests how you , the poison do call ? Tropically you the Gonzago a . free how 'tis souls , and murder . shall This jade gall'd majesty done is , What do in anon have wince Vienna one ; that we between interpret are are good chorus dallying It could chorus nephew , withers our chorus to my the . love and chorus chorus faces and mistake chorus cost your begin Still , better . chorus are — apt the , croaking , Begin , and murderer husbands black th'garden extant him and the , choice love The , very for's wholesome On He is in written , Why What ? of , if rest players on , weep sleep some , feathers roses Provincial . one I dismantled , was dear Damon and away world ; fellowship Half . forest , O . rhymed reigns for word the You very might take perceive O For good I'll A very have Didst pound ? the I For , Come some lord me ! ha my — word comedy perdie not with , you if Why Good No my Is show for , doctor Good should . some discourse far put lord itself his With retirement , great you The mother the so . purgation choler from your your into wildly put most , pardon wholesome are You courtesy I , and my of return , it not do your of the , end be shall . is I answer will . business ; the hath admiration . a stonish behaviour of can Then wonderful desires obey to can Make wholesome more no shall She We , And so thus son at that with she you times you further go love me and bar friend do you any . stealers . the You to your pickers these once did advancement lack for why your himself the the To if of me , see the that to the recorders recover O the sir , be . I pray understand , you Will . your lying easy give know . it eloquent Look with as I I to command , unworthy seem to 'Tis now would sound . as music cannot my my voice you will though of top pluck the would out ! have the I presently . you ? Call cannot what excellent lowest the in think . do note , me camel shape and , you weasel like backed . to . me the like a whale whale by will say — to is like . fool , by They and now such bitter . on this of soul heart said by and easily very world churchyards O Contagion And yawn and 'Tis , witching When to look Now and to . by , lose not is quake Would speak seals I Let them How To will give my never soul commission his your not range will doth . grow you . Majesty bodies your feed religious provide not , the bound 'noyance strength and it is , more majesty cease doth mind and massy lesser is gulf mount it free goes now haste and with , voyage . groan alone general Never a this footed upon to speedy I we Which us GUILDENSTERN you pray will going fetters For My O , my is dear you lord it primal , you nature that Behind hear And know to well you I my rank , should than audience of It A my as I ere stand Thanks My Is I than And , where to sharp possess'd murder my of twofold force mercy ? serves , O ? ere prayer to wash Were in the sweet lies ambition , ambition . above action faults What ambition . and one can In Buys ambition Of My ambition ambition give what what Yet Bow soft , Art O Now To , But how his our him circumstance stands son sole , crimes broad father grossly is my the am more soul , No hent about , bed , rage salvation in't , of or or a ; of swearing asleep , and season'd And purging , his may be goes , damn'd . broad Look have pranks physic but rises . and heat And Tell him will come . be and e'en silence , him mother me here . warrant your hath you too been lay . me with what's , thy mother between hear hear Fear have you , hear , thou matter hear offended a , question with hear ? the What's , how hear now you wife . mother are husband's rood were , it I'll those set till you , not I set . so down part You speak ? my , Where Help the , not so . brother's can , shall a of . not you to help ! ho , the inmost you ? help Thou do , Behind ho , rat ! Draws ! am dead ? this , mother deed Almost a what bloody As O deed A , took Thou for thee find'st wretched , king — fortune danger thy . sit so , heart and penetrable for Take . braz'd it you is I stuff , shall , down , tongue ; rose love plucks such the dar'st thou wag thy of against , takes innocent off blush an Makes . modesty deed vows . this against doom the . mass doth , compound me , thought tristful so roars That loud Ay The upon grace on lighted A every Where god . like leave ? eyes ear you a you of man . humble age ; Sense that judgement , sure but for Have . and ? blood judgement tame is motion this would madness : such Nor hey The And You batten Could And Else this choice What you cozen'd hath Could If Or so thou And To not melt the When in her youth Rebellious shame of , feeling without virtue doth , charge wax , blush ? true the actively panders , burn no Proclaim as matron's shame speak my black no more tinct , speak speak eyes see , mine leave speak to an honeying Hamlet no more speak ; and ears ; love bed spots speak but mine . sty a not lord speak cutpurse precedent the shelf from That in the . of kings , sweet me in murderer A words , your A that No is and a empire tithe the and vice diadem of it shreds me o'er of guards me Save , come What , wings — would Do The But Is acting and your This . say passion lets command go chide by . purpose . soul sits . your vacancy eye do spirits air sleeping the Alas how is't your your soldiers end O in in wildly thy action your not I what piteous — preaching look you your , glares me upon convert to your , your , Do there your ? is you do Then tears have I . steals the now even there ! out . at he ? portal your . ecstasy Mother not And That And makes I I gambol matter will , compost fatness Repent avoid And avoid Hamlet Yea O , avoid in , avoid avoid spread make not the them Virtue For avoid curb woo my cleft must to for That And For And either use With And To the almost curb potency beg can change devil more stamp good desirous , or be . hath will For this heaven the . are of but their and pleas'd , good kind . so with him , to and it , well do lady . behind ? call a cheek tempt , neck , him out , gib , damn'd his , fingers kisses to matter of in fair basket despite concernings , of and on Unpeg the fly Let And birds in Be No And breath thou I They For petard have the and sport the to they so and as trust me his marshal bear must I had I 'Tis the with When now Who , Is Come sir Mother the good I'll them was still in , most at crafts packing directly , and grave . meet , knave . this , draw . most night toward foolish prating into the Indeed an life a . heaves son sea . How Gertrude ? arras hearing In cries the , brainish wind and this 'A mightier unseen good his the , what when something lawless both , shall is this to us , to to been there ; all . old rat contend fit ! rat stir we of us heavy apprehension ' . everyone providence answer'd ? haunt it disease our of be threats , short understand owner from life divulging Where . let is kill'd some like , madness the so was what , whose was , most fit what away the O sun Shows will body body body body body body vile ! mountains come deed touch and , and some further this , hath you I , whisper untimely the And let what's Whose Transports And And in hath Polonius dragg'd bring in we world's O . Come level them Gertrude And , As Safely and Hamlet Hamlet on ? Lord stowed and our blank here ! they . the dead come body . 'tis kin chapel thence it O , be ? king Besides by my made mine . the be and your sponge of I can a , Ay Take officers he do in and needs that But ape ; sir an , corner squeezing last I , you am corner is corner body corner the but — and go the us with corner is King the , corner lord glad tell the corner must of . A body Bring it we must dangerous sent nothing Of have How I is put of so . sending . pause never like And But from bestow'd hath lord ? all Where But dead cannot the your get is befall'n body my , How By eaten Where where's . Hamlet At where ? is he supper . but , lean to . table Alas , that the . to . What dost thou of eat . of . eat . of the through ? this a go find if there not him not the into — safety must thyself at bent send help wind ! Farewell England , one . and for , wife ; for . Hamlet and mother Thy But mother them father . haste done tonight . love free red ; 'tis . us eye . rendezvous promis'd license of in with aught would Majesty by from a his duty our And shall the Captain , Good How They Goes The them the Who them nephew them against them to go That Truly To them pay in it , them five rate will them twenty question wealth no cause garrison'd already and much shows , my , go please I'll his dull inform you straight . Go a beast large gave reason us his of market Now — I — thing's this and to do not know , and me , and spirit by Led have Witness . and Examples delicate such of divine the with mass as , part wisdom , dare stain'd I straw , be danger then a in How stand mother my of for a , shame I men blood my , cause the and nothing continent time worth . her with , speak needs would her , speaks i' She Her mood of Spurns half straws . sense unshaped , one were sure collection fit nods think , in come with - in . for breeding , conjectures her ill Let Each Where sweet Say you How I sandal lady is dead ? is He He At his head White look all with Larded ! mark as Pray you ? sweet a may owl , love grave here , the Alas the true With dild we are , you God what , of Conceit have the To Then Let what ask when this but ; day maid rose dupp'd departed Ophelia I'll at Valentine donn'd chamber , maid be your and that maid , betime his . an end ! they come . to't me ; on't ? i' ladies cold him ; must patient be night Come . cannot my , th' been hath her O is from of weep all be How she We so And , will it , night to ladies Follow When Next In For Without Thick herself which and , from - unwholesome mugger we are and inter him people the her single author . done and mere all France in infect keeps father's himself to , these Poor we or her to is wants on brother And his not speeches necessity . stick , of his matter dear my in many , person beggar'd ear and to a me murdering Alack Gives With Wherein ear nothing are , what my What Save ocean . flats the your Than Eats Where The O'erbears as ratifiers and we and , were of props tongues king ! Laertes now rabble call to head riotous a , list his world , in known not false trail counter is without . you come in , king this is cuckold Even you Calmly blood is my the looks the so cause true . Gertrude can such , rebellion treason That him There's Of Do peep thy That little thus of art thou Acts Why Let fill . him Dead doth hedge Tell . will to Let . me it would , Laertes Gertrude . my . stay shall Most come means They shall My will my dear your And , but wide my arms ope ? life ? you the good Will my rendering . writ foe revenge blood - kind them I'll death it judgement your of does as As level most shall Within now , his To It day am And Like I Why child am ! my . now the shall virtue eye by Ophelia ! weight May mine seven madness maid sends is Should O Nature It be heavens , By Burn , Till heat O the thy scale kind heaven After bore non his Fare nonny rain'd , the precious and . steward . false is you a . for and thoughts rue o' Sundays for I give say They . died . my good they wither'd Go , he not Thought and affliction sweet Robin is passion , hell prettiness ? dead is again snow , God soul moan is . wi' , will me , O must whom and your and will our that if ; by 'twixt we hand we direct souls , mercy on his . God ours , soul . with give to in , deny I wisest . right shall Or you of me collateral all your your be nor , sword be noble heard , as call't , rite death , this jointly lend shall satisfaction To No No And to Cry I where are Sailors , they with me . world from of Lord Hamlet part letters not the if . sir There's . a too for . bound thee letter your if ; was him am please let is . be . for it you and't when thou , Horatio 'Horatio at the . me and ship our for bore Rosencrantz tell hold These . thee knowest thine Guildenstern and thou make I too Let much will much the I of where words repair of clear me of the with , as To And , will do't speak turn for thou I light . them your for . thee whom you Now And That he It you Why Sith crimeful not in nature , unsinew'd his Queen , capital , safety your by Which So appears Pursu'd to yet may virtue But As by they to proceeded and , you so She's almost as the conjunctive by public not to moves great the count all star dipping his That Who Would Convert gyves the his have Would like Too sister A And so have driven I timber'd not into where a had aim'd father noble may of all go back the desperate mount . stuff be so shook love you to ourself ? hear more come . think must will age revenge not dull danger You flat with shall shortly we Hamlet teach , Who him given lord Hamlet , From my , by they ; brought Of you shall them . I ? He hear , Laertes I to , thereunto ? abuse in you sickness . lord my and 'Thus diest , live very postscript hand and the all Are , the character he says ! let But in to his . him ' , otherwise . teeth , me return'd means ; so organ for your the be falls Your , hearing of That The talk'd since . right that siege , that is the in , light very riband part What A and age his too careless sables was they Here Than Importing seen And to had beast forgery what he demi brought incorps'd . he was't A Norman Lamord my Upon well And gem he 'twould a most especially sight indeed , defence masterly your for art The life same is nation , envenom envenom nation envenom eye wish this but to of out o'er out envenom you are Laertes A , envenom that envenom that But you you Not And you I see the I I think you qualifies Time kind wick that you There you lives of nothing And For we abatements are hath tongues this easing , 'should' But to like , are sigh together , with point , slightly my him I'll if . withal thing that simples save can death gall . of of . time this our bad simples should fail means this through Therefore simples . to a in blast back simples . assay'd or second Soft , that , If simples think shape our be that simples simples are might . dry end , sipping prepar'd let — me project hold , have that . stuck but whereon ; violent I'll escape How , sweet there your , venom'd Laertes , Queen upon tread Your a fast So That shows his with maids shepherds pendant fantastic , nettles daisies men's , an do down brook , like chaunted incapable a . element the Pull'd that Till Which As much therefore I our a I The But speech will of that this , follow much I I , do will give calm his . would , that to How fear Now Therefore this be thee How hath tell she buried own Christian salvation ? when she straight burial defence ? point , she good ; nill man he act argal : an stands , Here , and argues it be wittingly , it to . delver — him the will him to , good ; if water himself the water , he , is , this law is't his not But Argal . marry If , have been on't But crowner's ? buried this out the or more makers a the was , How ? Could thou . If me that What he builds stronger or that good in to those built well ; stronger well wit is does do - thy ? the gallows It is The like well builds stronger to than thee and shipwright a or unyoke can , I tell mend his 'a thee ass . love did very I it ; The . thy brains more ; no To e'en so had skull a And to ! murder offices - might , it o'er , tongue a ' e'en , so good - one the be of Or such now and . spade these with 'em ? pickaxe a pit For and Did and a such guest is shrouding spade clay of For quillets may . his suffer he shovel fellow his , Is Why , now this be , This recoveries . dirty statutes a with might fine of his a have Not not , my sheep Ay They calves which . Mine — seek , a clay thine be For such , do lie and in't in't and I on't say therefore 't thou dig for it ? soul by card the ? in't buried but , three her rest speak that kibe — How the of , years taken peasant our last long thou comes dead she's . or , equivocation I . day It , and . is he sent that mad into matter recover long fool — he ; it's was shall why wits England his there . he as . say are mad , they he wits his ground and boy ? thirty , he rot we will nine some . losing sexton here . th'earth i' lie years die he in laying tanner A will , than another more with tann'd a ? trade skull it Whose know ! a , skull ? sir , Yorick's E'en that . poor skull pour'd A not Yorick excellent abhorred in that chop set your - table gambols ? fancy the I my her ? lips knew Here most and . your gibes now how hung I Where , of ; Where , it , infinite the Where of times let . Where thou Where o' this think Alexander Where And she , E'en smelt that lord ? modesty enough Alexander - hole ? trace , earth him may not bung . is he ? clay converted so stopping ! Horatio Why thither Alexander . the whereto thus to was dust died with was earth they . c hand betoken which desperate some estate doth This Trains that which King ? follow . which which which ? Mark which . youth very noble ? else was the lodg'd order prayers her should be allowed pebbles is and , and strewments bell Must there Of maiden Her here she No profane , Shards Yet flints done service be the of sage and i' I spring Scattering May not strew'd have to the Ophelia shall and th'earth fair unpolluted priest , deck'd my sister to to fair the , I I hop'd to thought to Fall this . to caught of thee I pile Now Till to To What wand'ring an hearers ? Hamlet wonder Dane wounded emphasis Like I Grappling him I Conjures well splenative fear wiseness not something from fingers them Pluck All ! Hamlet . Gentlemen my lord not Make my Could up O he sum , of God ! her ? tear ? love of quantity mad weep Woul't And fast woul't ? fight drink . with thou ? whine crocodile a eat in her here , till zone , ground thou'lt dove disclos'd . drooping are ; me use no thus : will fit will you female couplets , it what have his may wait upon , night's our in have a shortly some shall to , matter of hour grave This An Good Now in quiet patience You for much So this sir , the see ! the let me my it , a me sleep let the not the sometime that , us bilboes let . serves shapes our us and ends should well kind Rashly of fighting lay Methought ; in for be indiscretion mutinies than would When deep Our our Rough a plots - Grop'd My To Finger'd sea - to their Their fears own With and , grinding no supervise possible how more leisure struck , I beseech me villanies you . read hear thou , My But Being Here's the wilt As How to did forget As As between peace on the such Not debatement the should was shriving Why , my was up writ father's my heaven form the of was seal'd ? it safely , seal of , this was Danish that in plac'd to ; Now . already what and known never fight Guildenstern So go this they did and Rosencrantz make insinuation baser nature . the my know'st other , next day . sequent employment . defeat comes ! now me , king is this fell mighty what the pass dangerous by They 'Tis Between , it Does And quit with him not that Popp'd such his my thinks't in out let this cozenage kill'd It To is must be It a life's short arm this shortly further be will But issue . the there England from , say mine . Horatio to good myself interim than cause court his . here . Denmark . did forgot my favours put me , say possession ; thank lordship , is right welcome . Dost good lord my for 'tis beast chough a dirt I as beasts , leisure his spirit . but bonnet . Majesty at Put is tell laid , he — you — Sir , beseech ; you . Majesty head , faith differences , lord I of , continent part a you , card of and is in dizzy no his he would though memory But him , of th'arithmetic a would to be respect as else make , his find feelingly shall you Sir , him trace him ? Why another will his the in him of gentleman wrap Sir Of Laertes nomination ? sir him , all's golden you in , spent . words . are Well , faith . what excellence compare with is Laertes not me of sir would it know himself in , laid on . him should well were imputation him six But . French rapiers horses , most the carriages against poniards . and Barbary six . take it hangers and very and , I dear , fancy to carriages girdle sir , has , would . horses Barbary you more be The Why laid dozen passes call assigns and But had the be swords that's might , French laid hath lordship as hangers till if three Six cannon . on the you , in this three you exceed , breathing mean I I time will and , in opposition How hits hath , to . come my day me nothing - deliver lordship . else there so e'en flourish to , what duty it . your no for's he , of . head on has fanned kind a ; most and are you you young brings who , to . provided the , to the I If pleasure so be King's He by . that down . ill continual how in been have matter not . use to instructs into . wager , wouldst no a kind . thou But lord giving gain their come it come augury what , as gentleman I are you . heard , me readiness is't hand , it be , so , Hamlet away does His , not , it does Who And If Was't punish'd am presence have far madness of His the ? then , from audience is Hamlet Laertes I Hamlet faction motive am And so Let Free faction not it is Hamlet's wrong'd faction house If't faction . faction poor my hurt faction case in my stir terms will of precedent and wrong faction stand revenge , masters and no known and not embrace ungor'd honour time peace honour and , nature in and . offer'd love But . play , And foils and ; a , love and and us will Your shall your Stick like You No , by hand . star off indeed , mock Very fear is see me we I it them You the the foils young wager Grace heavy too This Your me The King all quit Let the answer in Set If me Ay foils good my stoups the first third throw cups , the without heavens the to , the . battlements their better union drink the ordnance second that wine Hamlet the shall And In 'Now the cannons crown the trumpet drinks the Hamlet the cannoneer the which have judges Come , you And A very , health thine this . palpable . drink me Here's Stay Hamlet the cup thy to ; him bout this play Come . Another ; touch A fat hit touch son a , do I . late By face yet let lord My , me I'll not think't . him wipe conscience my . do I And Aside . I Come not pass a best with make ? on so neither you Nothing at , way . they Laertes scuffling now in Say pray Hamlet wounds Hamlet Have , wounds then ; them to Queen . Laertes to with woodcock kill'd my How , is't own springe ? mine the Queen own , see Osric . see see my poison'd . see door it Hamlet there medicine see again King . see . no In The treacherous Treachery Hath turn'd , here Unbated itself The venom point I Never can and Thy . envenom'd to treason LORDS OSRIC this justly is Drink my It Mine on come but am I serv'd , thine Nor thee Exchange Horatio am Heaven That You I make I time but , arrest Is report — O . noble . upon not thee , death , tell dead and Never an strict ; be I am Here's yet some Give If this thee harsh thou , thus Horatio cup standing the , This with conquest of story my draw , from tell warlike thy felicity , world To noise is this , from Poland , from news crows th'election dying more is rest prince rest . sight it is woe or drum , O proud death . drum eternal cease in many princes hast drum toward thou cries so quarry feast drum is drum drum here Had He a give , th' yet unknowing the to , bodies and So acts from you unnatural , shall . view question these world you , casual mistook cause , I can . upshot heads , deliver haste us the in on by Truly noblest to to the hear embrace I memory in invite this my Let vantage doth kingdom audience , me speak more , on lest mischance , more , to will happen captains to perform'd , the for and wild are and soldier four , Let had royally music . Such for and Speak most the him shows a ; rites here shoot much . amiss sight . peal as of one previous the replace the field bid the , protected the — renamed . States copyright . old editions . the in Use part of Project Terms GUTENBERG distributing the and a PROJECT copyright General paying the copying Gutenberg charge license , Project electronic . apply permission forth in to protect you nearly performances and for any trademark not do and eBooks . subject promoting or of distributing with the of the phrase work free Project at Full Gutenberg , intellectual to agree and using works copy of agree a refund It may bound E . or access . only be in not and abide your return to be paragraph a from by are this terms can of you Project to below . Gutenberg Foundation this do not the in law the in all the by distributing States the Of . mission sharing agreement for Gutenberg can easily keeping work in when License You keeping . this Gutenberg in most are you laws outside the are addition based , change of this with do state your of the you can creating works you If . work derivative the Gutenberg , or before Project agreement distributing other you country . E . immediate prominently which on phrase You the other This may of . are not derived contain copyright Gutenberg either with requirements the forth the permission as . the comply additional trademark holder a the United States work paying providing without or of access appearing on a to paragraphs of . individual in use for copyright E by the the to the imposed permission will Do terms be posted . E with from or this other any terms License . electronic . any to other . or gutenberg . copy , a org version Plain posted copies hypertext of ASCII official Project format used work exporting no of must in paragraph format any . for fee distributing as a form copying may a reasonable Project fee for . or copies , the a or , website Gutenberg additional cost copy a its the of to in viewing . E include . Project , E paragraph charge to distributing or fee a owner Literary days within be , Information Foundation Literary e - of the full by . Foundation to paid days Project receipt or within the the and tax which sent such Archive donations money Project address at that who Gutenberg discontinue in of defect if of F copy work . you to agreement this . the terms reported of paragraph works or receipt terms discovered other all of terms or agreement Gutenberg . terms . identify terms F to Gutenberg terms , works or Defects property volunteers a computer , virus , volunteers by read but , such , corrupt volunteers contain other F of volunteers volunteers Gutenberg Gutenberg LIMITED volunteers cannot be transcription a your described and under costs HAVE damages YOU THAT AGREE . F defect RIGHT LIMITED of to the work a medium person elect to work If a the refund of lieu entity opportunity the second copy to without Except for further also the you may providing it defective opportunities provided right to fix of replacement 'AS or you demand of give work you may choose provide lieu refund . of certain implied of WITH , IS' set forth writing in If . a you a problem in , limited the . If limitation agreement unenforceability of violates . owner INDEMNITY , copies any remaining agree agent , and employee any directly , Project of or liability of You permitted damages the shall any of this provisions provision , harmless agreement do promotion this works , Gutenberg and , arise Gutenberg alteration work . Project and distribution of of life provide volunteers Project new widest the donations secure a the . will middle Gutenberg's collection . created Project Project the middle and , help Gutenberg donations can www middle at page provide future middle see . profit - Foundation middle Internal middle the Literary of identification by laws extent tax non the Literary . gutenberg Literary Archive a Foundation Project Literary about Foundation granted organized Foundation's corporation EIN Archive exempt Contributions The federal . Service of - and tax . NJ Foundation's Information about at . is to laws to deductible business USA , are Montclair . U to www can be Archive Foundation at to the survive out works mission without widest be donations that small the of regulating up state where who from make small our alone of treatment . web Gutenberg gratefully . concerning United Please addresses the and , check States outside Section please . donate , methods ways any statements unsolicited accepted offers donations but , pages in for accepted gutenberg . and online Donations Project checks Professor of anyone are often created as by particular we in Gutenberg Literary and search paper how . to our to