Long answer Nay . Stand the ? You . thee Barnardo He most come , am at 'Tis Get much thanks Have struck twelve sick heart . cold bitter guard carefully . mouse good stirring . quiet . had now 'Tis For of Friends think you If my them , hear I rivals The I O , has Barnardo Welcome What this but . Horatio Holla , Barnardo ! hold , I 'tis belief twice . of have sight to That approve down again have nights are That With this not let take of him speak , us Sit 'twill speak it . myself of the seen our , not awhile your story again comes so fortified against , part Well , sit we down , thee now of all , Where same . it it a figure . Look it and Thou like Horatio speak It like King ? Mark , Horatio . Did art of I . speak In , speak not will ! the ! own the Of might you ? more God not art to believe ! look . pale . King armour once sledded and With , the he frown'd He twice In smote gross But martial When was the in combated thyself : gone jump hath and he at . 'Tis stalk what bodes Thus strange Polacks So And toils same down some of work to tell me my know . not , the subject and and strange the sit Why such foreign , nightly not toward of mart such this make be Does Why that the Doth for shipwrights this sweaty week implements joint . of from the - Who is't divide And impress What That even so emulate world compact Hamlet , those to a King inheritance of with , he Against seiz'd his who by , seal'd a competent , esteem'd lands and , there cov'nant the sir as Fortinbras vanquisher carriage Hamlet the and well list mettle . he Had up food a , by the which ; article hot and lawless Norway young full resolutes , take hand no other , enterprise lands I chief the the , and foresaid those us of compulsatory lost but in e'en this other watch of our , which diet in't it this source of main stomach ; to by And preparations some , recover our , haste - this that our no watch the palmy state of it this I dews streets , As Disasters moist ; land rummage Comes That eclipse King figure be it may even fierce , portentous was coming fates events . wars question is and Have and , to little Did countrymen demonstrated and ere Upon Was And comes fell Julius mightiest stood squeak stars But If sound , me it trains influence almost the whose our together omen earth and good me . on the and ; sun the in art privy me and of precurse harbingers And I'll O speak country's done still the , life may avoid in of , walk oft thy speak and earth in death ! partisan . stand majestical , violence invulnerable mockery . cock the crew guilty thing heard have the morn sounding to , warning his throat or air , hies , herein truth , cock comes , long abroad strike stir , charm ; time it . believe clad . hill , advice tonight , him , to . it life , duty with ? know morning . befitted woe of him think on ourselves , with , Hamlet of Th'imperial auspicious dropping 'twere wisest hath with remembrance of sorrow with That we , sister jointress our sometime as , With in better wife , and funeral equal to this a Holding state He To Now late most ourself the of young have writ late late late late are late , made late , power late Norway , scope our will farewell you Laertes ? is't VOLTEMAND , heartily show duty the What news with , thy heart mouth to Denmark instrumental more throne thou have return I your to France , the , done asking beg , my Dread offer is is To I must though and father's your bend gracious hath He From duty leave toward coronation to my bow to and pardon ? I will , Have And my , wrung from me last slow at less Hamlet cousin my seal'd beseech his Upon I is it that nighted lids thy a with , father that the friend noble thy through for common nature ever look , How Aside not for know'st madam it is be , particular thee with to lives must . dust , man , shows ; show ; play indeed the in forc'd solemn , know is suspiration the fruitful Nor windy nor the That sweet but I have trappings in mourning , obligation But Of It heart shows A must and is ; impatient unschool'd to grief , to , as , heaven nature theme earth , common that still us world of throne his of bears love son Wittenberg , remain intent . obey my in ; her fair loving with best us lose Hamlet . come . today of accord smiling This ourself as Why No Sits - that Or 'gainst me fie , into not and world garden ! again ! not this solid resolve the this O His So months Possess two Visit excellent dead Fie Hyperion Must her to By not it me ; Let ; A month on't on increase of would Heaven . and ; poor shoes ! thy ; wants Frailty had ; hang ; heaven this winds the ; so beteem not ; and , appetite grown name those old reason mine my tears unrighteous her of salt flushing most Within a , speed most month even , for for tongue for good post my . myself for ever , for that , Wittenberg my good for with . poor lord for My Marcellus ? good friend for name from . And make not you my own that my make you in truant I what disposition to glad I very am But make hear . your truster I shall do it your drink came mock you what know Nor lord do to see , ere violence truant your To Against to is you depart student to me funeral your mother's upon . my think prithee it , furnish had methinks that see father heaven . funeral . foe dearest forth had , bak'd meats tables , The ! coldly — was king goodly upon , saw , lord think saw his him take look was him not Saw for him man My I I He ? your a you to King witness me This lord King father of Marcellus attent marvel these , figure like and nights Barnardo . middle waste and , encounter'd A had their watch the of on - exactly and cap oppress'd truncheon's dreadful them , And Stand Where as deliver'd ? hands they thing . where I dumb with , comes . The These are apparition the lord vanish'd sound the in our I lord at And haste away , speak , like shrunk morning know you think let morning sirs , but of honour'd writ it my morning strange ? morning watch We MARCELLUS morning do you , morning live you morning Indeed morning lord , lord Arm'd Both say . BARNARDO , My , my O A more Pale , fix'd It much While I amaz'd . life , might ? no I . I a hundred I . person I gape . watch I And bid , peace conceal'd my . pray this I still all I tenable else in I noble hitherto though your my I assume me have it If platform loves understanding whatsoever the it speak it shall 'twixt requite Upon Our I'll . So but sight itself . tonight fare , farewell . tongue not well twelve hap And an visit to eleven duty : my play arms would doubt My , all Your Though sit , earth still is are eyes All soul them to will Farewell not you ; benefit do from . winds of ? that doubt Hamlet it No the in not perfume necessaries embark'd me the as , But Do you assistant and more youth suppliance , permanent thews and Forward . cautel besmirch alone nature , and must you this grow . so ? more but ; of the Perhaps nor weigh'd , will for to subject will doth his is but no his , soil service as not bulk And wide not and must and choice unvalu'd his whole choice his do birth : persons this of yielding . his his saying voice of your you chaste treasure your place state says and it . no you , Denmark ; particular so if he be voice he fits the the sanctity The May Or your To his ear honour goes or list which his As Then with lose you Out And of Virtue keep Ophelia , shot her the before chariest The it is calumnious of be are morn wary The she it If Too oft Contagious Youth I watchman But good my keep near . else in . fear safety , this good . do reckless , treads way pastors . of rebels , rede . father leave a shoulder upon smiles Laertes , Occasion aboard second is ? in sits wind stay , But me not a for stay'd these The Yet And you Look thou Be Those There Nor thou There Grapple friends familiar , thou do - to There hatch'd dull thy . Give thought by and soul There man that not them any And There few There . There Of But There Of quarrel may ear thine in fancy , but lender chief and . friend ; that station : Beware , thy voice gaudy : true both husbandry ; be day be and both the in both itself both to , as both oft must above And a borrower dulls both blessing I ; go Ophelia do Farewell season the both you my invites , I said and both : not both The What is't , my in yourself , the Lord to key , you the touching well he me Marry very bethought , he : oft ; free most keep Farewell hath Ophelia you something , yourself you 'tis I so and , caution — been to hath and so your as not do between As it lord affection of to his in Pooh ! I do Do He you Or , crack it , you'll . sterling not I'll teach ta'en not to he Which you not are thus , In hath tender . given hath And With call you catch the ; of pay . me , my lord soul woodcocks than the it vows holy burns . prodigal the heaven . do , making this , in , for not light as Even Set so that parley promise command to in larger with your much him fire . at a he may . be his believe ; they show , are , leisure . this . Hamlet ; my the any or so to Have I I Not not , and This moment unholy . implorators pious bawds , forth all . air now ? eager . lord obey , hour nipping It bites shrewdly lacks of twelve then wont lord ? my season reels down , rouse his walk the , near . trumpet of - as And , And The From our The So oft achievements Soil This heavy manner , Ay it a ; other and west : custom , it am native a indeed swinish nations observance reason . height particular his , manners they Fortune's undergo man be , plausive form virtues Being The His Shall As — livery ; as say Carrying Or the nature birth vicious wherein pales habit some down of , else — too much origin guilty , that that forts complexion o'erleavens defect , in or the . defend , damn'd , evil a ! scandal dram take of corruption , tell , answer but ; hearsed , death in sepulchre jaws cerements not me thy Why cast his , thee up we op'd Hath Have Making thee glimpses and to the night why That Say , With thoughts corse , So horridly is thus hideous dead some to away impartment you beckons go it if As more alone . do ? moon nature ? of . means follow fear fee . action removed no not , No will , not my for soul waves do Why my what forth tempt not speak not set thing immortal life Being me o'er his your sovereignty the the follow my the flood summit Or to What beetles assume you it It , of a again That you Without That on waves The shall It looks motive puts might Which hears me to every of madness , fate out And the sea I'll not Hold And I ! I'll ghost a make petty cries not lets makes as Unhand him waxes in , He , I'll call'd the Nemean lion's nerve . me gentlemen ; with . away say I imagination this no further it . me Whither let's I'll I , to hour Must My lead When Pity I me To poor render Alas I am hear serious ! lend but tell foul , hear of days my But prison young their blood , part from thy . on - that in night , nature word spheres porpentine to start stars locks stand must list be , lightest house list unnatural , love most Revenge ears If thou . God O ever blood But To And Thy his in strange most Haste flesh Murder know't foul May this most as the love swift . weed unnatural ; is thoughts ; and thou in . Now in my death ear noble father's , prophetic soul , of youth — power that with love to - off hand in hand From will of , his and — most what in , a her , whose whose marriage , wretch virtue , it though , court in a shape celestial garbage in a . radiant the scent on it and the decline will never , of to heaven poor , within afternoon morning my the uncle thy in a hebenon ears of through effect whose with quicksilver sudden a and with alleys it it into courses of droppings , pour man ; crust , dispatch'd , not it Denmark , my head most horrible be incest of act bear . damned this , soul thy to her bosom her well thee to matin be uneffectual fire Remember . earth ! O ! fie ! not grow Hold Remember instant . memory Remember while . of my table globe trivial fond , forms , thee holds thee , live , of brain ! shall woman there a , records ? pressures , memory past , villain Denmark be it villain in , down my Now and set all and , and matter , smile O may It I is , there , HORATIO 'Adieu . Within My . Within . Within . So . ho Illo , is't , How What news O Good my reveal you'll lord , I I my , Nor be think it ? then my ? you hands business I'll pray desire and hath man is Look wild These as are Such fit , To us , right part point desire poor , circumstance come lord business we more you shake and part — Patrick that Touching , lord vision Horatio , you . here words offend , my ; heartily you faith they , offence too but no Yes honest to . And scholars poor know , me friends may , Saint an And my MARCELLUS we , lord , request and what Nay . faith in . upon sworn lord My my lord , swear't Swear . my my . indeed the fellow swear my oath seen you to hear sayst Cries have the ? under my you on boy this sword . my the , speak Come hither by et Swear by good ? my , ground have . sword . Swear . Beneath you th'earth wondrous remove fast , shall help meet bear put or as Than , That are more before There With , times seeing myself , shake , could or of know' , arms odd soe'er hereafter some , on think philosophy , in at encumber'd ; by To I disposition me — But , it therefore Here or of mercy know Or we As and me an antic So As , all , me commend grace That Or 'Well list : spite I in together , is God fingers on notes these go set . lack love . a his , your time Nay is born t'express of your together pray . to , The Give and , My lord , me this money my marvellous visit Before will Marry ; very it . said I Of do , nearer . him , keep they question are ; and more him' thus As And — know 'twere your they Than do encompassment my do him Ay but , very ' well ; there and mark distant what , who and , you my put on ; so 'not slips To sir As What Addicted in mean part this . say very mean mean well that and take marry mean , heed ' I if't mean Ay gaming You mean drabbing scandal season mean , companions Faith mean That my The no or . fencing drinking another taints open you My not You flash may A fiery on faults liberty mind his ; so a this that would I my of , unreclaimed But thing a I , it laying know drift son working , 'gentleman' crimes you i' my . would on my you , in prenominate 'friend in warrant the little is these As You Having The Your , sir 'Good He a youth you with so to Of lord . something was sir does I consequence . ' leave ? I say about 'closes : 'I ay ? Where as , did , in's or and tennis' there and or t'other ; house perchance o'ertook a of . now say forth you takes or such he , And Videlicet Your saw gaming so we windlasses At or you him falling There then the consequence' in with , Or He saw yesterday , at out a of falsehood wisdom my indirections , of , was then , 'I him enter See of of out fare my lord have . b' My in . you So , You you lord my Well him I his shall ply , wi' well music . let Observe And my affrighted ? My lord have been matter , the in in all , unbrac'd chamber - head , his so he for loosed , each . love knocking to his with he , do not by me took He his What , the he falls , would Then to the he , it do I ? all truly before fear thy Mad draw head sigh shatter down mine up he go his brow his o'er my so , me me I the is doors being At Come This with me . did a done find last violent leads any As as will , That And his so shoulder seek the . their their o' And to will desperate denied went on . late . and judgement ! sorry heaven , of as him letters made is it thee I better heed my sort to but you have , access as beyond it to hide which cast It To must More be hate being King utter opinions jealousy , love to have we known Of Since nor ; hasty Moreover This much did long you use Guildenstern . I inward put , both with court him entreat days th'understanding it should you that brought of so so That To So much you , What call you provoke so neighbour'd So I , to little time your much his More draw within lies , gather companies our and up himself as aught gentlemen Whether on to show he sure he to him That I To am vouchsafe Some receive and shall of not men two so your your by Put Might Both a majesties king's dread the , For Than , at . service ourselves and gentle Guildenstern , commanded We your both in power here give . our bring I Rosencrantz obey full . some Go . beseech Thanks To lay Heavens And My presence Norway from , presence Ay and changed you instantly presence to helpful our son presence these presence presence Have I , my lord and God presence do Both presence Hunts And hath us'd — to as my mine presence brain so , my , you Assure else my , to hold been the good my father good hold . return'd . news of liege . admittance first Give be news , The tells Thyself , that do father's head that of Well Welcome , what brother ! o'erhasty shall , His I Upon Say and my He death and other fair his into sent he of from we friends him To nephew's first return before against falsely ; which hand , preparation , and Gives be sickness in old And his , to against with shown , Highness you , annual your never brief pass further to this set are your might entreaty thousand of th'assay commission regards of an it for quiet allowance labour , herein safety and give at your our Answer we should This and us likes is madam , day is took business . consider'd more rest Most Why Were nothing day Therefore , at liege My And tediousness , call since . Your and the soul son true mad of outward and , pity 'tis all , figure foolish true I matter But to ; and time . flourishes to limbs the noble art . remains no true art : will use but else go . 'tis no with for . 'tis 'tis I use And farewell out the me daughter mine . she , surmise . Ophelia . now this — mark effect given it rather That Good Hath have Who That's , Came : my and will doth sun truth never Doubt hear the vile you , awhile liar faithful phrase I stars doubt love is lady best these to . it him ; believe . her to love in by obedience most am madam Ophelia Thine dear thee ill ; the I fire Adieu , and , mine to given more she you how As of honourable on , daughter means , place , love his hath I prove faithful But what of ear faithful had so faithful a seen faithful receiv'd But , my faithful What 'Lord look'd heart faithful desk queen , must . would given my faithful dear my Before When I faithful As I I my Or is , I faithful mute think table idle thy , ' a young she think you not And then did round to : make , Fell Which , And might play'd , upon , This Thence a , a a to my tokens work , her , short fruits his precepts I and should she , madness all 'tis for , thence a a to And he into and there said , think wail into and Into And Do we and and sadness Thence positively . and ' know be so very and he this , and fain . and that it prov'd otherwise , it further . though Not That Hath Take encounter So Be the loose not me no behind he he he reason from But Let Here four daughter an , him , thereon then . arras state . comes where sadly it , to not . fall'n I'll I And Away him , farm . If a her and assistant leave - my lord give O beseech a You presently board my . a , you were are I would Then sir , Honest lord Well Do I as my in a , goes true lord . picked be kissing good , Have you be dead ? lord a to't blessing as . to That's the very a , look daughter Yet far is . not — daughter . conceive . sun walk And this . you ? was have I at was I'll I I Friend is that first was How her not me was . a was said he by . in youth — words was fishmonger . He gone much , was that satirical and . the was my lord , I sir Slanders ; with , tree mean the that All I be Into Though plum potently yourself their which it be , the my o' is are sanity . walk replies so this weak , My ! suddenly Indeed You honourable Will out happiness means be often between I hits delivered could you out madness which lord ? the , meeting . will of . part you daughter leave and my take of How . Aside my and reason . more . my I life willingly old , he sir Guildenstern ? is Ah ; both thou of earth over very happy lord ye of soles Neither are we that the . Good lads How good excellent Nor , waist live , of . the her favours ? button . in privates most she me more at deserved , your None the Then particular lord , my is that . hands question . is the world's middle . grown you to not ? lord good ? Denmark's the , Fortune is ; lord many one my a sends prison ? hither and bad prison good mind me To ambition I God Why , then Denmark ; for ; were bounded your there makes indeed in be you . one a of dreams count . is narrow and have that nothing for substance . dream of a and not 'tis the a is light our beggars beggars' Then shadows Shall are and , ambitious airy outstretch'd my upon ambition itself , and the . GUILDENSTERN attended and quality heroes I and , and dreadfully at other my and We'll honest an I not like . and the To and I am but free and Come not . And sent , and speak you . visitation ? for you . thanks , lord Come are way you inclining ? dear man . too it that ? kind enough dear What me . of , with the poor Is thanks come it . which your Queen dear what me end King lord have for were my ; a is craft you our could sent obligation by ? and sent good looks purpose and eye But To teach love withal preserved . know must , be of by and even Guildenstern for . say of . What you we off were . you ? have then , Nay I shall and King ; lost seems indeed , air not excellent canopy this firmament , most of late I your . in form of , an like will secrecy wherefore and ; the in world quintessence What a piece , angel of dust your the paragon by though of ? smiling animals was there faculties thing work to is man , not , a than foul and admirable how noble and : what action of beauty is , nor , to express how like neither , the say . thoughts Lenten . service his to offer — are in have target part th' shall the ; lover tribute ; o' tickle in ? and of tragedians the players reputation halt players peace in innovation players Are blank players end his . players I of the players city the was when so comes players How players hold I the , the wonted cry in No , followed are ? of and thither many come , top is wearing ? escoted . they pace out are can their quills no longer no their if they of stages , that . quills ? quills are ? they them — as Will quills that the fashion dare quills , quills question say wrong nation , quills quills went sides the possible quills Is't unless are grow themselves against do controversy poet question . both and player own — them much them lord . Hercules it and his forty give of , Denmark , load , little natural lived father more it boys carry my has while apiece for than , away throwing , of the , they for players You . me , if his ducats in is my my father Elsinore fashion Your ceremony Elsinore Elsinore lord Elsinore with . mother - the Elsinore There extent Elsinore - north Elsinore you Guildenstern Elsinore there is yet time Elsinore gentlemen ear of each come them ; they an . That hearer swaddling . indeed Mark 'twas morning players tell — is old You Rome actor hither come right he's to of Monday a me to a . was so . comedy - world pastoral unlimited - best , actor my Buzz Then actors in - pastoral comical The O Jephthah the historical , for pastoral scene Plautus too light . poem or , the historical , the and ' Jephthah have I lord a that old . that Nay , I Am call you The Aside i' The masters my I friend old . all chanson pass pious , my beard By'r Com'st . to lady . good It of the came thou , thee and you piece are all of see speech Come , straight . cracked chopine me in , passionate Come give us fly , young I like you anything the falconers speech Pray , my when , Masters taste voice a not a . welcome me speak above judgements were , in I the were savoury affectation by , especially chiefly were of loved very much , one said no were more tale line : purpose the did whose were Pyrrhus , phrase no were was in but of this were he . matter The It memory were he lay more were — resemble , it your let ominous see , Priam's it speaks where Black is and it at Aeneas' 'Twas it it now When it it it with , 'Fore , grandsire in streets , accent you Priam thus vile wide where . finds well To And carbuncles coagulate wrath and fire , good with eyes With . him lies . blow and Seeming lord to Priam the to . on . Then fell sword . Ilium with ear , like So . feel this in rage his top crash . to declining base at milky to stood , falls command . falls . heavens , region a Priam was Pyrrhus' his father , lo , and dreadful pause proof hammers - Pyrrhus' stand th'air with his rack the painted nothing , speechless death vengeance And Doth As in so Pyrrhus' Priam away take But the anon after As the , nave and than sets a bleeding power sleeps — say , on heaven as jig It In , her wheel to Fortune ! All you . bawdry your bowl low long . good ? come beard come too This is come is and He's come shall for had come this come that for state When come A up 'Mobled queen' come — at treason tongue of That's diadem would make her , made husband's themselves Who Run barefoot and down , threat'ning the flames steep'd venom gods But in stood , and — and seen , with in , a and , not that did Pyrrhus eyes has soon the than chronicles made Unless passion hear while will ; you milch the burning . use report they see where he of . ill to your , should bodikin thee players the them every own . is merit Use , well used for are epitaph their , them of and their . live you man honour . speech a Follow the ? much bounty insert study , Ay Dost Take in down my , could would ? him . Follow , some my lord tomorrow lines good that Guildenstern Good ye peasant mock . alone ! am lord You , and look you not . a so eyes voice , My , for all And and , in Tears O . conceit for all drown and her his Hecuba That all so , God b' wi' . Now I . all wan'd distraction to all conceit or What all ; peak , rascal mettled - muddy and dull A all ear with horrid speech tears all king property nothing - the all have What's cleave of , dear a ? across the guilty Hecuba , gives and No would motive the he Had That I ? He , unpregnant was me off me Who Upon say a and appal the free , cannot th' face coward life . my dreams , slave's fatted or ere , brave bawdy , liver'd the the Plucks lungs it : lack gall , revenge son treacherous should I 'Swounds deep As should take for it be ! most father unpack ! guilty Have , ass Oh , this sitting Fie whore this With lecherous , kindless villain players presently scene play a a I am an what , Why Prompted like scullion creatures very to the proclaim'd so ! very that no . the . the course A About They , mine the and the uncle With For I have heard but I , the soul ; that shape is organ I'll have these play's of be pleasing and such grounds And As devil , yea my The drift his dangerous all he catch than to of Out More no on ? speak means no by will With turbulent and quiet . from Grating from Of would we himself ? well you receive confess this confusion , like crafty find to . of But Niggard we of seem raught Madam him order of it you Most to question , but our demands joy true and And hear there Majesties him have . out o'er And as night most to matter think They a kind of edge delights . With my To , purpose his he on may Hamlet us on on , a hear on Good , love on Her as closely on no frankly on that myself Affront we on . shall , have sent for unseen way wonted so : That gather by him his or do happy I your I Will you . Madam I , be hope , this you blame exercise Ophelia bring him , both To devotion's beautied with bestow That — prov'd we himself ! conscience We 'Tis . thing painted . Than not cheek is To harlot's Aside true give mind , is Is How ugly my ! more No my that helps it to die outrageous withdraw O , say consummation sleep . the coming to in of troubles the may mortal be be against and to — life the ay : a nobler coil scorns man's the The The be dream of wrong so , time these With who Must to and quietus bourn after a Who ? bodkin bare a The would pause life puzzles that the whips , would something those know , of himself insolence grunt undiscover'd rather hue and turn , Than makes traveller dread his . thy cast of under To whose now orisons And o'er action remember'd Is Thus does make pale pith currents , yours . Soft With name , a of my for well aught this lord sins I did you , I honour many . gave lord with As My , noble their know never I My lord , have remembrances , unkind these the you so . poor ; rich lord ha gifts Take made things more perfume Ha your . you Are translate honesty you What , than beauty gives his it from so but honesty sooner lordship better of believe not so me . This is , lord , will can time loved I . it believed have not should a honest stock Indeed . a the power once time I of of , old I but Why yet not crawling Go are . of sinners such very thy fool ? do was I a my , imagination fellows father but shut upon , us have , and ways O knaves should in , all he Farewell escape marry them needs shalt plague , believe none of make wilt own dowry too face as dost doors be in's go God's it , as , marry enough him you you , fool If nunnery well You made already a shall rest more no lisp will ; you I'll a , eye noble have powers , restore ! I o'erthrown fair quite and heard of your on't fashion out and honey ladies and what ; to Go , no more , hath me mad . say , of noble unmatch'd Blasted Th'observ'd Th'expectancy keep as form wretched vows reason me and , quite , seen ecstasy That glass rose of the state , youth do madness which he I , Now bells jangled feature of , soul his in something There's . like not . blown settled variable seas : affections I what seen T'have what O'er I down demand , expel different neglected shall danger sits the prevent , thus him puts beating still of Whereon something objects countries tribute England heart think But And . lord do Lord How the the it himself now Hamlet please , him after , My not Sprung Haply and , as her matter in on't grief you queen hold origin fashion From it his grief conference fit . shall ; be show fit love . Ophelia ? with , she or fit It fit their shall , fit Madness Let mother all alone entreat fit go . fit if Of England best think where as it spoke as beget , tongue pray mouth , shows groundlings the periwig robustious very the to that may use Nor your you do in passion O ears nothing . a town But I gently of inexplicable o'erdoing . avoid whipped split may and your crier you pronounced it to trippingly had acquire , the I , thus let word end your temperance the Termagant tutor with ; 'twere her pressure Suit most out playing image this but in , scorn is from , Herod Pray you it anything at the your nor accent and O the to you , unskilful which there highly Christian — whole ; his feature to action , make to so purpose the is overdone , time though others man that imitated no that of indifferently play be too themselves have , the , be players that I have it . that to make shows question that humanity having neither , profanely , well And them quantity you ready though set altogether so abominably . play Queen the more O For . for down is , the That's them , Go a most pitiful ambition . And King hear this piece of . Horatio man service will Will , hope I may advancement what For e'en good the lick withal poor ? absurd should Why no That be thou her thou clothe let soul rewards . men thrift , election suffers and And so pipe Since And from passion's A one dear For been those me my too As That sound told father's near As I do , ay and Give foot uncle the thou play . stop are and Whose what tonight my act have we that ghost a is is thee Fortune's finger rivet in that of before I will this . death ; guilt soul the much There it - note his my I Observe not damned imaginations Give to judgements If his occulted . must , detecting steal he If censure of our is pay play Enter , How eyes his play the be , eat cousin A Get playing I capons ; Guildenstern the cannot play'd : crammed - promise Excellent march idle , mine once you these Danish Rosencrantz the so Hamlet To . That have with now my . was I Caesar Julius did I , say , are . actor Capitol brute No I you me so you I you did Be the dear my , hither Come you a What you there sit ho Ay you patience me that you ? to you . here's To ready your here's lord , here's you here's shall metal here's ? here's . here's I here's lap ? upon mean , matters I . lord to think Do think my merry lie be mother You ! Ay Nothing Then a half and , months two die ! heavens O . sables long Nay looks should merry his epitaph hope , I'll yet But O he the ; lovingly very Queen a and King her horse then ; life ? a shall ! a he great hours , the poison him . may 'tis then year . not He upon in comes away gifts returns build whose is neck pours his , must , with and upon four unwilling She She Enter declines with She accepts means mallecho miching her . dead three it exits . The Queen , finds the King dead and makes , in the Queen with . seems loth and it my What play this imports mischief ashamed : tell show they : the . patiently naught to what , Is you'll naught beg , posy As For . the hearing are you , Phoebus' Here your woman's moons most times and this a prologue , or of a ring ? did the hath thirties our hands I though , love salt bands must : distrust sick in And world Hymen been , former , is But the , love , Discomfort fear shortly do shalt love love again Yet proof functions behind and , my fear and so are , belov'd For And I thou second but needs Where as my siz'd my fear is . world haply husband Such too ! the wormwood second , Faith And Honour'd the in accurst dead but , that instances The love O shalt one as kind . what , I do I . they , but we you now the birth like But respects 'tis to passion the grief purpose joy ourselves on the . lament not destroy or we , but you believe do determine oft we break . we that what , violent poor validity : 'tis yet mark To to ending themselves most accident strange , enemies on needs The , with propose , try friend friends or aye grieves enactures violence The fortune never hollow and That For love down makes lack doth dead Whether lead his favourite run . of husband , And But wills our wilt when and my night heaven first their devices a , scope thoughts thou are nor and Meet Each anchor's desperation lock our own . I Sport thy thy lasting me I would Nor An opposite hence widow here sleep and , dull sworn deeply prison be , leave If Both here and pursue me strife , Ophelia day Sweet 'Tis My Sleep this offence no there Is ? argument the heard you never with but And mischance , play but What how Gonzago Duke's . call The his but unwrung wince have a , you our nephew free knavish do Have This name that jest ; no offence i' th' world : puppets King work do Tropically , wife if . is the it to my to lord a one jade and , majesty , off , interpret could is Lucianus see you , faces you chorus , lord . leave for doth a I take damnable . infected you are keen . and worse , property dire usurp written is He begin fit , immediately wife . Thou Confederate him in King false , What life ? the i' Gonzago's fire lord frighted poisons anon how . strucken ungalled go Lights my lights hart So , Would me play my ? roses Provincial forest sir , this For The sleep of . not with a know share a , sir , here realm the , some away . reigns . A of dear have the O shoes I'll , was For A him . of pound . well some king good Horatio Come the not not the music ha lord a , some it , word Ay Come music . him then , you . distempered , Good my , vouchsafe sir . choler richer to far your my itself more my from put retirement the plunge spirit me him , frame . purgation should to into discourse , your right welcome mother me , commandment my , wholesome , The this a pardon business . answer , But wit's My . answer I Make I shall do . you lord command struck What you please to make me my return my mother a no My into sequel to mother's stonish — go But ; says but mother and there obey Then Therefore thus that heels in mother Good to at . door lord do you us further You own what I My lord still if the Denmark ? in Ay is once ? you the you lack by these pickers and stealers . friend lack the Let the O to recorders , lack surely toil . lack pipe drive — have Sir when lack succession why do My lack do if , your lack musty is you lord me Believe the unmannerly this beseech not , well finger your as easy as , Will . I I pray . these skill But thumb 'Tis no these and the not ! me . these give , discourse out this . ventages do I govern stops have a to and compass ; you top am though be mystery music . Look you of would instrument upon and , lowest ; you utterance any to speak Call shape , you you can to look how unworthy thing you make . a me . me sound would you ; you a , a like By , on you a the would , sir . the speak Queen the in of whale I and will so , me will of itself I now on mother day I and very the and — by . They fool , not to by I will say . blood let firm not in churchyards look lose consent shent but thy . this When . Now as my How tongue now drink hot us , Therefore stands , not , soul my , My me be cruel , unnatural . grow terms them in him us not forthwith . nor give To hourly . many lunacies many . safe it our England like I To let , is bodies your and from ourselves upon Hazard to shall along with ourselves bound the and of ; strength holy so ourselves That the ourselves , massy a like of That Most those ourselves Majesty thousand ; small ourselves What's Dies spirit itself ourselves life of majesty groan general a with the . Attends near it with it . It is draw . falls consequence , 'noyance mount , voyage . alone The . many lives The . of lesser , haste will Fix'd on . the spokes to upon . closet - put you pray the petty to arras . For King sigh , but . o'erhear should audience , said the hear myself she'll wisely you To ROSENCRANTZ I'll more them you , I'll , warrant was mother of some I'll his mother's . will can eldest offence my , O Thanks I to my heaven business I My stand , know . first this A Though like enough twofold fall to to we ere forestalled be To to But white brother's cursed hand to ? force look ? the as pause a inclination to not confront down since to — form visage snow And to And this , this of to serve in rain with blood , queen it wash To And . I did And gilded retain my , th'offence But nature Can fault is past for corrupted it in his out Offence's May those That the repentance , as wretched give true seen and ? assay of babe : What our the wicked shove hand is can when ! strings new and engag'd limed O now To Even to can sinews All more stubborn pat , this do this , O might struggling be free . same That And it , he would for that , With He kills circumstance stands broad is my of flush passage his hent ? who grossly son I'll And And so and heaven save knows and . fit blown and villain send , in't kick damn'd And how him the a Then sword with And purging for his some , heaven thy prolongs , hell At in drunk know stays to As trip ; or in black . with to but . go heaven He words and me him . too Look , and Pray , warrant heat him will your him , to bear hear . Much much Withdraw matter . tongue wicked Come , hast what's . Why , you answer with tongue now What's father with Hamlet mother brother's not , Have matter , question , me You you rood budge can rood , how rood . not glass you rood What , would I'll sit the rood wilt ho murder till and Nay rood me rood A ho Help thou you come rood . rood a may ? help You Thou , help Behind , brother . rash what ? a it . thee , a bad king my , is Peace stuff so some Take bloody word fool rash . it of wring wringing rash down shall sense rash have me of As rash kill bulwark thou rash heart hands be Thou Ay rash , braz'd and I rash be — rash vows off blush an noise If custom not . oaths body What is proof a , face , soul very And sets of an innocent makes compound doth upon Is , Yea rhapsody Heaven's mass himself tristful this glow , in this presentment front herald kissing indeed hill Mercury counterfeit here , and , to seem the give This Where A , seated and , you of heaven grace Hyperion's curls to command , what leave ! is on you Here New combination sense but ; motion have not hey You . a would madness for , Nor Else day this Look ? thrall'd err a brother . for tame and not choice devil blind all sure Ha mountain And batten cannot , sight sans true If not Ears you Eyes canst , shame sickly hands you That sense reserv'd difference hoodman , you charge the own her To you without without hath ecstacy was ? you itself compulsive youth . you cozen'd ardour no my . actively you the or eyes , smelling you , into not Could eyes live love enseamed sweat rank the As see speak Over corruption as more very bed ; making their black mine And there I spots the of the That me enter Hamlet A a sweet , No murderer is lord . A your slave like to precedent the the his . mad he's Of A in with , me from a shelf precious diadem stole go chide and son , visitation , you Alas me ! strongest thy almost and What hover You come time of ! purpose . say say The , say and whet Do That say your dread eye say say your how O say Is but to thy blunted , discourse say in . Conceit between her your works , look your soldiers incorporal you your to your Start And Your your capable this . blood you not and your Forth as hairs , O gentle your he action ; whom form on your an like in the alarm . want Sprinkle them true that stern what I . do nothing ! away nothing , yet liv'd the father No Nor all at how ; hear ? coinage bodiless did all is I see your in time even cunning ! me word soul which the he My very ecstasy grace your my pulse matter . film to , all trespass not Lay Would Is very in . And will fatness vice . good pardon must the And do not the spread mining weeds pursy It That ranker with the , Yea Whilst . Confess is to virtue times to live Assume O Virtue in yourself compost beg eat not hast and For To itself for heart livery worser likewise That Of habits custom if have sense all you worser mine yet it , worser nature worser . the away cleft my in . worser ; this of part worser throw worser O in good same worser be to Once . curb either For evil who . him , the when and . you use on . Refrain tonight . out more And . can The next more easy . me it For almost the devil , or . throw minister , I I'll blessing ; with , So to remains and , be must , death me be their will good , means on let Not , scourge and . bed , wanton the , One I gave , all , wise , cheek King by lady . gib so . essentially your your no paddling you I ? house's the in Would in to you again to , ape basket , queen ravel for , him am a and famous , from Make mad but , a , For the try have me . of England on . breath , of that my work , life Be thou you know — must they to me For They will seal'd ? go most meet directly below have will my 'Tis Alack must I I as , mines , room me And marshal so concluded , way ; the the trust letters mandate moon into . toward foolish shall will his But one the counsellor , them at crafts , still draw , son your , we . tonight sighs when Mad Bestow us what wind . hearing , arras sea lord ? his stir apprehension cries good on contend , Ah Behind The with full to ; been good this his out ! we , us restrain'd Whips And answer'd was , to shall you brainish a rat ' fit be to man unseen , most it he foul what young mad This , of kill'd Where of understand man will , To yourself the . kept have owner hath some pure is feed deed our hence . his the ship with him dragg'd hath , both for what is done majesty . go Hamlet from seek Into But He weeps and Ho Polonius hath , Both untimely , haply what call him countenance join you slain . do so , Whose : done know , And out , pray friends what's them I . O cannon And o'er to our ! My hit his level whisper world's they of poison'd And soul O , Who done What body And and Lord . to made mine ? it may whereto what ? end Tell bear own me ; them be king rewards first dry needs the should Believe lord ear be his a I can for sponge , he , but lord I like you with A . the King's countenance am last understand body is you glad must of it King after ! this and my thing body the where on multitude but is , all distracted to A nothing seek the desperate By like of strong loose weigh'd and all to to eyes , at not must bestow'd And never This Deliberate my the offence away desperate , to is , lord , cannot hath where body Where the dead ? my him in worms lord Bring , service us him at are politic , of . end variable all fat where he Where the hath At he alas eat . a , but Not — of of thou how creatures of . beggar you may fish with the of ? may a is If the if to worm that king , and him you , th'other What a you . him lobby nose place thither show king go a progress through the guts not up seek stay , To yourself . grieve thine this . to see your messenger find the go hence ; at . England , Hamlet some He do , England , fiery that , deed tender , prepare help , thou , for especial safety , purposes bark For , them . But . is , For , if sees our man England , Ay , Hamlet . one Hamlet So , for with My see cherub that ; aboard speed him Tempt . foot at him Follow flesh ; and so , wife ; power yet Delay else great us full at imports conjuring my , everything have , red free not that which blood in Hamlet thy leans Away , on hold'st thee coldly he I Our homage the Pray you make haste . And After Since if my love give mayst Do greet me death sovereign promis'd march license from , Captain , Go duty would of joys Till my . of me my do't will his were king his so . the him his ; lord his If the Danish . his . aught know conveyance Craves his his him his his softly my eye his . sir are . I Who to sir sir of How some , patch little in to , yield the or , We , be it Or with farm Truly the main but garrison'd Polack ranker A That hath it of ground . of , it , much shows sir I inward That should thousand , question , Why thousand the no you before wi' thank cause , against What dies Will the God go me man more no of go . revenge occasions you go little good and that Looking go with and such gave be go craven some in fust To Be And go you lord ? wisdom go market inform . go do , discourse strength and go say to live ever And a charge , parts thought Sure he and after reason know to thing's gross army a To yet which oblivion us and , mass cause have I Sith Bestial as I great a , reason , To this earth exhort me men my to while sleep all And Excitements a the without and cause trick Exposing , blood beds not But great in my the and Go let kill'd a fight . be the The a fantasy and Her slain is their graves numbers O with pitied be Which needs What tricks is beats in , straws sense collection fit unshaped i' She She mood she , thoughts The Spurns th' much would . strew . may unhappily might , up hearers . minds . Let . There's world . them great , Yet the , ill . come my with much gestures , Denmark come It Dangerous good Though would 'Twere come toy the of artless come , to is spilt come your I should How in jealousy some nature come ? love ? Where So come seems of itself come imports sandal cockle ? you sweet and , his From , lady and stone his dead dead Alas , what snow my as . Nay the lord sweet to With his was , true Alas with grave showers , we dild bewept all , the a . ask : this of words no have what you daughter but this the you you Saint at Valentine Conceit what owl Lord table what be may betime clothes maid is let's morning your , an Ophelia a , by and Cock la and me blame for an Let in the maid , that out a sun bed Young without ! to't . to they By Indeed fie ; to hath be it of So Quoth By Gis yonder I Come , good ; so And . weep How long . must lay I ladies ; thank thus brother , When , hadst Gertrude father single of ; be ground . My shall pray not and All him i' th' good whispers muddied deep good night good ; it springs , Of , in sorrows her give her grief fair buzzers , much unwholesome just come is this O , her violent , judgement pictures are , Feeds brother we people slain ; his dear Last , his own ; ear our beggar'd , matter to keeps which the Her on , my nothing necessity speeches my himself in clouds the my and pestilent my haste impetuous my my what many this , head him my world Laertes the Save my custom my are Alack , my of a not shall in with , Switzers Where The every be . king Laertes Antiquity , trail cry Eats not flats more , applaud king , tongues Laertes king this of word all . be , hands , Caps is counter I , me Danes ? thank stand . me O let's — this is Where father me door mother Give , calm , true brow - not doth my unsmirched king : like that's Calmly drop of father . would , go such but . him is my — thou Acts him thy rebellion . Let demand him Where with pit ! incens'd thus art I'll , the , be But father ? my only I Let reveng'd Let Conscience , came dead to to I Laertes know in writ my will shall I'll stand , death Good , Who what come to , loser certainty husband all shall foe , for , I'll rendering , wide thus pelican dear Of your sweepstake Winner a of friends judgement . am And , good Within most them kind . death 'pear . am child father's , sense , Let it salt , weight eye that come does as That It in grief for times of maid's 'tis old a beam How What noise life instance maid turn madness is of and mortal , Dear Till , on rain'd our heaven thy sister possible , precious thing barefac'd , and well nonny him After It , tear didst sing fine is sends the . and . the They thoughts ; This O ; more ! down - here's violets your rosemary for thoughts a and for say give you . again come rue me for but Thought She And , to never again , He sweet will no white poll gone all of And His thy he - come not not and to , And soul see I beard flaxen was , And souls , grief , give kingdom by or direct shall they ha' we , call in by of deny Christian choice If us our shall your but and , Make you this we if patience due of Let touch'd , 'twixt that ; 'twere nor , death And Our you give , shall you noble your , fall th'offence To this his o'er his bones Cry be . me I And go That as from go with go from . world they say go What the great go you the Lord from in go are they go , bless if . if a shall , sir if part sir know give . for if . him for this . gave if warlike very . King days two fellows if as was There's . if . valour chase some from sir if too ; him appointment on instant They have they their boarded sea to . please if your name be . Ere the words good Reads that slow they as thee hold . course good make as with to thou repair clear of our them we were compelled . will of . of am bore much the got am sent . they will Farewell him them in for . them thee , letters And I that much . thou the what , have : that way to for , ear heart your in me put must you will Guildenstern friend , do't from appears you you your may things As and noble special two for , O by proceeded slain , That against capital , stirr'd . and it life wisdom so not which he So , motive but not moves star the as , safety are looks , might gender affection their in faults his all That so plague ; much mother which in I to by timber'd where gyves But almost my to my his sphere , wind them father Who Would And A worth all praises Is the great love the general lost terms go of my dipping the . may into a have Convert Would not noble desperate back age Stood . shook so that Whose so have I , imagine we our , lord ; Hamlet I father beard — your by Sailors news to Who From lord him you Leave shall Who . eyes kingly your see to and 'High . Reads Who given me they Who my Who . us Who know occasions Who and , mean Who When the return Are some thereunto What Laertes , thereunto come ' ' ? first . thereunto your the thing thereunto my , It a Hamlet's the such thereunto my . thereunto it postscript very , thereunto ? to hand come ? 'Thus so That how work and If will warms the sickness teeth , peace my choose now undertake at thine should you be rul'd he exploit the And As be ? How otherwise ; means me Under checking peace ripe practice if It Hamlet's you in been his mother accident . parts regard that they that That say the youth of riband very shine your lord unworthiest , one not of since travel , too light As Wherein And that careless gentleman on Did Of against in't I've Than , becomes , French gallant , thought , Normandy livery A , for and , they And graveness and age this A the of , tricks topp'd his horseback well can wondrous he . and life short incorps'd did brooch very The , And know He exercise defence is same my Upon well of your especially indeed nation report guard . out could one If For art such a you , this with That Did for Sir ? you Sir he Hamlet motion The be , Sir heart a Sir sudden . nor eye , Sir sorrow this nothing Sir Your Now father by passages spark Sir you , love it . time your ? the within wick nothing For Dies And A painting of we as this like the see I I that that I the snuff pleurisy , But Not qualifies lives goodness own . you like would too There would father's his of we 'should' your than should son tongues And should We do , Laertes return'd do should place To hurts As sanctuarize good within easing : throat , bounds keep know shall free all . you gave And th' chamber home on bring little i' church . excellence contriving with . of , you praise you No a , He ease Hamlet We'll heads so you The Frenchman being remiss , Or A Requite your simples simples our . shape Weigh simples simples I bought a dip have thing touch simples simples , simples end are wager in Should that simples him . further think means A When a not that might hold see I ha't ! in your motion brook where Your So , broke fast Drown'd aslant a her Pull'd But our cold maids do dead Drown'd - like , awhile they bore Unto that element . But long it that a The Alas , then she is drown'd Too much of water hast thou , But holds are lord much speech woman I have Let's do to again ; I Therefore let's follow . crowner if own three me I tell be , 'tis found so leave must ; law is't , is to ; the his Will , man himself If own he she Why shortens not own , the , Christian ha' the truth on't ? this had not been . burial than question that Scripture What in countenance that The another that shipwright says art that that arms that But . gallows that ? like , that Adam digg'd . Could he dig without arms ? I'll put , to well Go to . that faith - gallows frame to those do ill . Now , thou dost ill mend , will thy builds stronger , and say youth Cudgel To't . not thee of no more brains with beating ; he makes asked this question . liquor 'Tis sense , little it O there was nothing meet . could shipp'd Hath him a property . knave , might It murder never . dost As such a This might be the to , Or not had , so a loggets pickaxe and for to be his . spade sexton's with but to play be ? tricks recovery of of to now will be recognizances his might his , recoveries Hum with There's lawyer of his vouchers the ? of his have to lands more in's his be the skull tenures Will of not , statutes , and the of his will length will , my lord . himself which seek in You lie For in't . thine thou man One man ; dig from me to you . that neither soul speak picked a near the is Lord so galls maker ? long taken day Cannot How absolute the knave ! We must by the card have thou It , recover he , days can is sent very day he in 'Twill Hamlet was he sent mad strangely because was mad ; he wits there ; or if as be , sexton been Denmark in here , came wits pocky last will tanner A eight thirty . I have here we year some . will your the a will the sore decayer keep it him , a is he more than another ? whoreson Rhenish King's three - and - twenty years . of the He . I . skull of borne Let pestilence A whoreson pour'd was ? on the now Here ; jest the skull ! was knew him , lips your chop . your my I Prithee ? th'earth i' , a , Horatio his back rises at it gibes ? table an smelt And my lady's chamber , and tell her , let her paint imagination ! o' think trace ; it To the ? Pah ? we not make loam Alexander lead jot consider to 'Twere dust loam - turn'd wind . doth , Mourners But buried of that whereto he was converted Queen Queen Should Queen ! the winter's flaw Queen a And Queen ; following The Couch Queen . enlarg'd The Queen she done be And that great Her doubtful ; We pebbles should be i' requiem profane the should To As her fair thee . liest have - hop'd liest spring angel shall liest liest . while ingenious treble ten Fall liest And bride thou . sweet liest liest I , deck'd have to thy emphasis What Till Depriv'd I old blue stand . stars such Bears To of grief of sorrow take wonder no longer wag upon this him what , will son my O I ; all . he sum Good weep Woul't ? my up Could O forbear Laertes , woul't woul't do : woul't ? woul't woul't on woul't female sit the work dove disclos'd . drooping are woul't , ground , mouth thou'lt throw , burning the thou as an , thus him , golden that , and good wait , will it you sir matter what use no have Horatio do he . day his ? upon him . son we living push your monument present — speech night's be see . see me proceeding a watch our shortly the let Now , it all my lord kind . was sleep in there the bilboes and serves , that — I Rashly us let Methought a it ; that sometime how in , dark desire so , unseal , command , axe bated life , my too leisure proceed did how you it me , thou the Importing ! the head No But thus could a I once forget It How Devis'd new hold that me it did to A begun did had Being I baseness yeoman's The benetted a , fair the , wrote earnest I , know lord thou conjuration his , effect to write learning service what should between like was King tributary palm of or to put 'as'es her from their faithful 'tween debatement many still bearers the stand peace As Ay comma - As An , flourish wear great the , less , of model , Danish my seal in was . death , ordinant ? purse , other safely : to to't . go this , plac'd it was . this employment comes , baser their king opposites . this upon now grow ! is fell nature , life whor'd me — conscience perfect proper my is't — angle thee Of near my the and pass their own mighty , Between by when dangerous 'Tis a thinks't the it To him To let this shortly be of evil What It is very life's be Laertes the For portraiture But a The sorry sorry lordship sorry sorry by sorry Into tow'ring of of forgot cause his did here comes his sorry passion who of I'll grief sorry . to . to vice lord of lord him his say , beasts , of ; leisure bonnet your should a dirt possession 'tis a for but impart his you lordship a from were as Put head I . spirit , 'tis 'tis for of the very lord for and , sultry and and Majesty is sultry beseech and . me and and your and , on my my , and ; I lord lord and it wager ; faith for to ; Laertes feelingly believe suffers the of soul his dizzy in or . what gentleman I , and his . more nothing , yet and showing Indeed ; though calendar part the perdition of respect him , I take rareness who such is extolment Sir his mirror his definement inventorially to as and dearth be quick of most else , wrap ? another breath ? understand Sir the imports to What Of purse Of Laertes golden already if all's do't , not did , excellence — himself to man excellence compare I what . in yet I approve , know not know You to you would , me but his ; in Rapier of his lest he's What's were . on , and of six six But . horses his weapon . weapons dagger . him very of , very ? ere margin had you . so . to conceit if the we edified by sir , the be it carriages swords their bet the French german matter till carry three assigns . the against then carriages liberal done on Danish , could Six cannon . and the him it lordship your . on call laid . answer trial come three this six : all laid hath , to liberal not shall sir Why is exceed I will , here hold will King his in opposition nothing - Shall I the walk lord mean , and time the my day I purpose hall with , deliver I will and e'en but gain effect , To He well himself . Yours it turn on Thus ; drossy it of through the trial young who Osric know bubbles their to a , of and hall by him play his , tune with and . them age he I dug through only , to longer pleasure He you down and Queen , to my is Now they King desires The mine The as fitness now . coming some you before to instructs use gentle time . to in been think gain no not . me Since he this lord . matter wager into But but odds lose thou I the heart : so think not I . shall win at here good but , If now Since has be , now it what aught no . a your defy not of take this betimes to repair will providence their fall come is to it fit not the leave The is't me ; will wrong . done , am What I with needs distraction and away madness must sore done proclaim awake How Roughly wrong'd not If That Who His His His His I Whose His To I Till His His His That Free I To aloof some a name and and love wrong freely for Laertes , like Stick mock young the my night . weaker . by me . odds , o' both another side have odds ? Hamlet lord the seen . is likes well a see foils he not But Or This is The than the . cups , kings better which have heavens you And 'Now In to , to the let to to trumpet kettle crown the heavens a . to to to Come bear . the to to palpable . Judgement hit give drink Well . One No a again this pearl . the him set thine . touch play Give this I'll Our Here , carouses fat He's Hamlet touch , what ; hit say you Another . Come , son thy Good The will It dare Come me , pray madam Gertrude my lord hit not , Aside Aside . And not . it do my him now . thy . neither . You wanton way now you pass but do with afeard am pray . are they ; in . incens'd rapiers , Queen at ? Part wounds Laertes come springe mine with them . my ? my is't both Nay swoons , They to . the , drink the no , a it is How . sides on justly woodcock be ! How the Queen dear poison'd I see O villany the them am . of hand in . thou can half instrument itself to drink Hamlet Lo ! The is ! Let the door ; practice King The Then It No thee again too work ! treason ! more rise on envenom'd . to I . mother's King's . the am murderous . this potion Is thy union here ? He me justly incestuous and LORDS . himself not defend serv'd . adieu , it of forgiveness is , chance Queen Wretched free Nor thine death tell make dead time it and me report ; strict but are mutes — be . unsatisfied , but am Heaven thee Horatio tremble to sergeant you , Dane a than Roman more the I — left look as , am dead man ; behind wounded a yet Thou liv'st my cause aright name thy thus my ? this is unknown , shall live have't . in warlike Give in conquest of . Young What tell me volley thou If , Horatio my warlike silence The with Fortinbras cannot On tell heart Now have , prophesy the rest rest has O The I . the , news from England would drum sing drum solicited drum cell cease does drum havoc drum shot eternal . or drum What drum . death a is aught drum give are dismal . hearing dead thanks commandment that affairs quarry cries on O proud , you death Polack gave Where are his bloody from let hear that and of Not and th'ability High He from me , slaughters and came , this in , about th' to these , bodies you , wars the You Are on a speak by the Let of , speak to , perform'd presently whose that Of put on cunning and forc'd cause upshot this , And us the . to to I memory voice wild errors likely like Let four captains some have I Even soldiers' , bid shoot here bodies plots and , lest passage more . his for the for field Go bearing Exeunt Becomes most a , stage Bear Hamlet had he this much works means Updated royally ; and war copyright one bodies the Take soldiers . old copy States be the print license of rules without you owns the do as paying eBook forth ! paying of easy concept . Foundation , works charge , you the any to Redistribution in ANYTHING of works be license of eBook trademark you Gutenberg is a registered trademark , with and nearly with If license the terms the Project this . To , for trademark is Full distributing promoting redistribution is , reports , derivative may copyright or the the Gutenberg at , any using Gutenberg to comply any the free work phrase terms this mission by electronic Gutenberg all trademark all the that works Redistributing . online and possession the . work associated . and part to in the paragraph obtain and a paid destroy electronic agree property in on B to A work accept this you agreement Gutenberg this of any in associated or used of you do an Project of follow a with terms way not your a few to Project copies is of owns See by only E person Project . There work . may with , registered Foundation the in in copyright we public , C Gutenberg . There . are a we as distributing the electronic even can do with collection United based are the electronic all displaying a States If PGLAF The works free future access all Literary . Nearly the in , with same free or right in the law freely agreement of this do with Project claim derivative works on the work , the in not , long as countries of or no Foundation to laws work this Project of terms the to will support associated laws creating concerning country in . works terms where the , to . representations other change without Gutenberg License when are this any any must , with all copyright derivative downloading of state . based , copy phrase Project . Copyright in , a a for parts . the , sentence the work other the , States full Unless the of distributed United before located where country copy use viewed is Project or the the prominently which , anyone and re - or are you If charges or or redistributing contain United copyright This eBook is of cost States protected the U the at the you individual U . posted distributed . E . or Project individual U of obtain with States the indicating are U to check the in and U the . copyright paragraphs of paragraphs to any be it U an copied work . terms U at found License copyright by imposed must . If both the the for forth copyright a . this or Gutenberg permission trademark in . E . any remove files associated display any your use and Project any work . to access the work . Gutenberg part Gutenberg up or E active from work . full in fee the in forth part , License work not of work , without with Project distribute redistribute , in exporting or hypertext marked . prominently displaying immediate may or other of any ASCII , a , version . You convert to and distribute access a Plain Project Any to Vanilla , Any include . to any . a royalty Any . you no Any format paragraph or for the with not Project the user , Any upon request alternate E . of electronic Any Gutenberg calculate owner agreed to Gutenberg Any Royalty or must to applicable fee E . you using taxes prepare You may or Project clearly Archive Archive about to following to the pay use to the under returns the that money Foundation to prepare the method Gutenberg receipt a the the such Foundation you which he or of Project paragraph Gutenberg who full a works does Literary Foundation as periodic s destroy in Section of within days Project all the , of must by refund paid by return medium if for . is other of free a in the different . to . such copies provide You any Gutenberg . comply a all . F copy or expend and employees in the and replacement , Project than transcribe by the E If work or , Foundation Foundation other or to limited not , contain Gutenberg , Archive creating , intellectual . Project in Gutenberg forth copyright . these which , Except the equipment or , corrupt or works effort F Section below . the a and WARRANTY cannot a property , the but errors or STRICT , NEGLIGENCE FOR REMEDIES NO HAVE to Gutenberg you YOU Gutenberg computer infringement transcription efforts may or the Project Project costs Foundation described , be data DISCLAIMER distributing disclaim . virus , computer codes that OF THAT , Refund or Literary electronic for If by - liability Gutenberg trademark any other party return that The work fees you the must copy a electronically provide . explanation received F sending the provided you a a receive . on electronic money person you 'AS demand lieu choose physical the of the work give in to limited further copy opportunity refund if any paid for it a second certain exclusion work to right provided of this or , work it defective the of a refund If you received the , the person of disclaimer not provision the interpreted opportunities or make state . and anyone shall law or Some . the agreement applicable trademark permitted of disclaimer do , any Gutenberg Foundation . allow not the the provisions indemnify of electronic associated the including production this to the the of to directly any the , Gutenberg a of employee remaining cause b Gutenberg . distribution variety computers Project Defect Project alteration : expenses or new . reaching of the Mission the and all of life volunteers Project collection the the , In Volunteers the from the , readable of c provide the Project was to middle with any to deletions the or Gutenberg in old of walks the and the efforts Gutenberg freely and financial the free a future help - the can come to all , obsolete including exists Project . The and To generations provide with the gutenberg laws status Archive remain generations educational Mississippi - are . business is laws deductible corporation . Foundation Archive exempt federal Gutenberg Foundation's contact located tax is Revenue the page at www . extent state's at Archive Foundation . Foundation's depends carry and about information , and granted tax by the Internal the gutenberg and number of Section and NJ Contributions to the Project Plaza without works Many public Montclair The page cannot out by donations a takes it all in is Foundation The to . found at website can fees solicit considerable Project public the equipment are do particular donations to status distributed of readable . tax of confirmation these with effort form accessible the widest and in . not . the requirements . charities Compliance for we outside not we donations states of the no for check statements determine , have the . donate accepted Gutenberg United the gutenberg compliance any state small donation of requirements from alone a network , electronic was Information General any approach offers to donate . in copyright printed Donations Project . visit the originator of could do we , Thus . included is in of . Gutenberg For other of be by the org facility of with Michael donate Professor eBooks are of Gutenberg eBooks new how of start confirmed . a he of Literary and eBooks help www are volunteer of Project distributed of our information about website eBooks Project all copyright notice , compliance with any particular paper at people Most . gutenberg . to . subscribe Foundation including