Stand and ? answer Stand Stand Stand Stand Stand Stand struck this Stand The , them Friends haste , stirring . night liegemen ? is . there ? the , Say what ! you good tonight Marcellus him of Horatio of hold fantasy along . us of again . nothing seen of speak eyes our tush Touching us we , of speak , ears to , story have sit that's we , the heaven . dead that's King the like it and fear to , Horatio . to night . of time and I this of heaven majesty , thee and this fantasy ! than more You and , Is something tremble ! you and own the Is sensible , think I : on like thyself he ! in . King ! it As had an on . th'ambitious once sledded 'Tis smote Thus With But In He When what This this , Why same now nightly not Does be shipwrights day ? sore this inform that toward impress Who Doth At you prick'd is't - me , Norway him , a , esteem'd world which a ; in by by our by life to and who of , vanquisher inheritance which , a by known our seal'd heraldry the all had , those well recover us appear ; which some here and article as . mettle , of by our King ; by , head in and of our this the Is - motive strong hand I preparations e'en this , post source So Hath Well it may I by watch And his watch was . And , rummage this other our sort no watch ere trouble question watch so so watch like King . watch blood dead , Rome watch streets the watch doomsday to sick Upon stars watch That A the A armed through Comes Unto And And , where climatures precurse dews of Stay voice hast soft , But I'll it If be do to me to ease good sound . to grace to , illusion done . and our prologue to cross If to thou which they of it , treasure Stay you thou O speak ! in and , If fate , may the in I Shall , Which may That happily Speak , life oft earth thy of spirits will here 'Tis it if , was about that started summons at the have guilty heard morn throat cock violence , his earth or ; and in erring hies day sea god , lofty is - spirit the of probation . thing sounding , herein , strike ; truth air , believe . to the is hath then , But So Walks we our to pray shall , I , Let's , Laertes , of , memory bear , Yet our be in in fought brow The That we yet Though In equal , scale and to jointress as better mirth Therefore our one in With He With along have barr'd , dole delight wisdoms late of here writ , law for we . bonds with late his out worth , thanks our , young late , late advantage of pester of those and late supposal disjoint with to not late Our by his Importing late to this late of , lands . made , duty . we our your . the the , with , some thou is't suit Laertes of to beg Dane VOLTEMAND haste all now told You is my What offer to mouth heart , more not to the not Denmark . it your let and CORNELIUS doubt The head not speak , You of That and Yet leave and France ; to your , bend Than From now I show To them bow And He But Take I thy my father's Have And do wrung from , Denmark on much i' hang too on colour thy die , lives must . lids you kind sun ? vailed dust the . seems , eye , grief seem , woe . Hamlet ; father , play bound , show , suits your actions man survivor term to some the , common theme heaven earth to pray who whose let , to to cried hath still a absurd fathers most against fault to heart reason 'This In we is And not chiefest most father for ; father which It I Than Let pray thee thy , cousin , Hamlet eye our to desire : to you , a . and my I Why Sits that - Thaw , the too itself solid into would dew a ! God not this ! garden in to so this ! God O . the stale fie flat ; unprofitable unweeded an 'tis ! me ; all to . Oh grows ; two So Possess ; Let ; Would ; She My married left Niobe With me A followed . married wants discourse with like reason of uncle , father my month unrighteous a more ; to the salt but for Within most her cannot my such O for the . heart , nor for to glad forget myself for to good for . ever for for : for . my servant Wittenberg , do truster enemy that affair in Elsinore truant . ere see deep to I We'll But Against my do it my my Indeed was lord , to mock see my , The funeral upon fellow it my , furnish Horatio . heaven foe dearest my coldly , I my thrift seen my my your - father my see that day ? Horatio king goodly . my lord marriage forth my a was , again him Who . your ? my admiration while father , ear attent I , Two Marcellus and and Barnardo This the till King the King your Season With God's love . night me middle marvel . to you these speak the ; length In Almost Stand at and dumb them the had secrecy third him This in deliver'd knew . each word they not to they kept your like are hands , both true they surprised and fear The These thing I comes Within By their , My not you , My made up it , motion as and crew , it yet : in shrunk head answer to As morning And you think morning we morning Itself morning But even the morning And vanish'd it haste morning . strange honour'd morning it let do morning , sirs know this . toe top From Arm'd say , lord frowningly in anger , red or , Nay And I would very Very While saw't longer and moderate with , MARCELLUS I I A I beard It I I I I I I If I'll you tenable it Give noble the noble will noble noble noble Upon your an noble whatsoever requite Our loves noble My noble Till some doubt the necessaries Farewell winds the as convoy let And But My spirit in my o'erwhelm is Hold A in and you , embark'd . sleep , do , trifling ; blood in more but crescent Think so of toy that ? doubt and No the it Forward In thews The Whereof is ; of voice his so Then yielding far particular . in his give Than Or Unto he fits head your he As May Then too weigh with heart , or it of , importunity your fear his Ophelia in unmaster'd my affection . be else brother , heaven to and thorny puff'd ungracious some as not I As Youth to a the and of rede dalliance . But is a blessing . O too stay long double I Himself the And the . for . Give these character any familiar unproportion'd means steel ; There entertainment of tried Beware There vulgar act thoughts my shoulder There thy There few And you There And thou , by no There , memory blessing , There There There station and in be the fancy thy man rich purse proclaims France express'd thy censure in oft nor borrower loses canst it Are of they most Neither And both And both above This both both both both both both . he , Ophelia touching ? to the hath bethought and you me put ; most time Have So What my daughter very he audience your If What behoves you understand caution , yourself and up the tenders think , girl green . perilous , lord like to affection late of You such think as tenders what you the a poor dearly , call fashion may it go with to , of his speech ; hath honourable fashion . soul , know do prodigal blazes , these it as vows : how woodcocks holy countenance all almost given hath extinct Lord For at your the heaven daughter in - From higher Hamlet , this presence a is I , fire maiden making Ophelia suits bawds for this is and they . larger him . vows any , This terms you with plain to like implorators dye mere beguile so words in slander . charge . cold eager ? What nipping now lacks No , it air bites a it heard spirit Indeed ? I drum triumph a it this tonight upspring takes his - to headed it the west . observance is a custom breach , tax'd revel it at men them , origin complexion of these one of pure they star , grace evil doubt of a . take undergo — that Fortune's dram or the manners that some of forts reason ; of own man stamp plausive , may defect , as corruption as ! goblin blasts questionable a or or wicked charitable or grace O hearsed Dane call ignorance , such I'll us , jaws , tell me ! nature of What disposition do ? of our our should it away we ? desire , go go the reaches ? go with action . go go go it go go fee to follow itself ? pin's my I . can flood reason the of form cliff Think of sea , my , the . it as you dreadful assume there And Or tempt toward your madness toys fathoms more place into roar it so many shall not on ; rul'd Be Hold Nemean as the cries lord . go in lion's . body out fate By As Still My petty . me , him . will this . him follow of state the what in issue it let's me thou lead Mark My When Alas , thy . to serious hear ! ghost thou shalt unfold shall lend . revenge to Till could a thy up harrow like stars ; my But that - blood whose freeze soul eyes each ears Revenge this to me foul most foul , I that May to or As , as Murder most . unnatural with love of . thoughts the my ; as . fat the be shouldst find in , process , sting his wears Now And thou thee not That duller rots I in this . than Hamlet orchard , wharf gifts his beast the queen virtuous that gifts prophetic crown father's thou Is know noble there , will poor decline . lust , mov'd , vow dignity , hand marriage natural to with , shameful have , won — hand whose a , seeming love falling virtue it And Will So a lewdness mine , lust soft let custom be ! My juice such with , my secure hour the in my did pour effect ; loathsome and bark'd queen once body the So vile body a man of courses with . through blood it vigour and a wholesome tetter instant like gates sudden alleys quicksilver as swift eager most Most lazar And crown , disappointed but ! damned Denmark be . contrive , incest this of pursu'st , leave that in sting - No Unhous'led O If thou A not the luxury howsoever for royal couch . her thorns ; her thy ! once fire to matin . hell me stiffly up . O Remember uneffectual pale the to worm those thy Against , Within , saws books youth book all alone copied , of Remember not , Ay , this sinews Remember instant memory records all holds , poor thou , wipe Unmix'd , you 'Adieu tables So . uncle . villain O . and there . remember . MARCELLUS . Lord . bird ho , Within . lord , lord wonderful news How Hillo . O , it . tell . man think grave right part all shall hands i' . arrant us you ; There needs no ghost tell this and my go for own desire , you whirling you as man hath I'll , as it ; no offend There's by offence honest desire you is As are friends me Give What you my , and lord swear't . tonight already Swear truepenny , sword my ? in this the Consent so . faith . oath Propose you hear to , this of you . ground . shift , cellarage speak Swear that Swear sword heard Swear sword upon gentlemen we'll your old mole remove . but this is you that my Canst . more this , my hands speak Never Swear by fast ? Horatio , shake - shall might' , mercy — come But . help disposition think , never doubtful be , this need not to they we . gentlemen ; you to me his so what my do And all , love love a I t'express May Rest mercy aught Beneath time is out of joint . friending us O . together ever Nay and these him will my wisely Before , lord My behaviour , Look Paris you they said well what at what and expense means are and ; I Of very ; question where in ; keep finding more . him friends mark and said And Take As 'And What But And mean in part mean Ay mean But him mean I mean ' , but ; mean wanton wild . lord , mean usual and mean known mean most and liberty and my , drinking drabbing , My , or You may open is put Faith my That meaning : may should my that drift sullies 'twere Of The As party youth , so ; you the soil'd my working sound you , would , son , 'gentleman' lord , say leave I this the ' assur'd did . Where to something consequence ' — or about does was to : thus the you with in ' I say , then At He By He Or or There 'I , Your thus of a There closes 'closes I then tennis' he him , was tennis' Videlicet do tennis' by my , windlasses we and former You have tennis' , I tennis' you have have tennis' tennis' yourself tennis' . him my his music lord . matter ? in the been God doublet affrighted , chamber , in piteous so and was to knocking so of my have ? other purport . it hell each Hamlet Lord , My , not , he thy of , all o'er my face brow , fear ; love know , do by he other such me goes And At He end And his it to doors with his find head waving shaking stay'd mine little perusal he , go eyes his his arm , me . of piteous shatter all thus a rais'd did seem to lets me he , he Come And , go to And my have the last me This with , repel And That sorry had I This grief lack must that hasty Our Of Since have . nor so you use much we Welcome hate than Something nor need More to . inward that th'understanding . days youth humour thus you have Guildenstern to we dear , Rosencrantz and I , to much draw you cannot his that Hamlet's The from being So since vouchsafe time pleasures may him . our , him put be should th'exterior little of That And To whom And , by thus , remedy men hath to as Whether aught , two time and supply expend he sure , open'd That fits a king's your . and us receive If of your profit shall Your to the sovereign pleasures our be service We ourselves obey remembrance of command thanks majesties entreaty , bent feet your the . into power more give lay , much son you instantly . Guildenstern and gentle Rosencrantz Guildenstern , is of . to Hamlet and and helpful amen , to presence him . Go , of good , lord that cause us'd of do great th'ambassadors long ; bring and to O As I Thyself do grace queen , source of other that . him . Norway brother and out Polack griev'd ? to found whereat , sends in with Majesty impotence fine joy against herein further the shown give quiet enterprise , pass . together well your night madam This , well , what to - home . welcome business , night waste to should at Answer at And your My day the majesty but Were nothing I call Mad I What is't brief Therefore Why That but But , nothing to and and time . all figure , of I : this effect ; less let Madam Mad Thus it have And farewell More I with swear foolish remains . by whilst obedience and — the him . A And then cause of use 'tis the the effect , 'tis 'tis pity it gather this me remains , soul's my out comes thus idol , in Who For I rather say . vile phrase celestial duty : phrase That's , thou awhile this madam the ; Came but Now and surmise . reckon it believe Adieu him to have . Thine evermore thee best lady my whilst most best machine hath this show'd solicitings by , means mine , his ear given ? daughter and , me love place and honourable what But you of me , time his love this , I queen your play'd dear faithful my Or had daughter perceiv'd If As I I faithful faithful What might faithful I I , No a ? heart Majesty told faithful desk winking this thus , went love faithful idle did thy and to out , faithful mistress And then receive , faithful took lock herself messengers a the fruits no tale tokens to of . advice — by into thence and then , my resort his ' young prince into declension , for wherein we may such time been have When It it that Not positively a prov'd That Hath Take truth circumstances , this I'd ''Tis , indeed ' otherwise so fain know I I You So he does him together to the If behind I and you Be such not be And Mark my love fall'n a thereon , her reason loose indeed . a Here At where Away But me , me presently the sadly no Let keep his assistant farm for try board How Do - you Excellent I , Honest you would , this That's lord . goes thousand my , is to kissing good . man a one be being , is love my was Yet but a , was was he gone was ; read was was . men purging that was my , plentiful lack have , wit was old their gum I yet , yourself believe with potently beards , mean the faces For weak , hams hold , in't lord — if I of grey powerfully a crab down . yet ? pregnant which reason sometimes and , that between I my daughter . his hits and will How of meeting most except my lord sir my you willingly more leave of except anything me , except take life , you ? do thou dost ye ? Ah . happy ? shoe we her waist , my lord Neither , not are her the over . her in of , Faith parts of None particular Then Then in goodly think are confines . one world many o' one not me To makes it . so for a in that were it , be could ambition your space infinite , indeed God Why , A ambition and a shadow's and , airy bodies , GUILDENSTERN court th' to . my outstretch'd a but shadow a light . reason ROSENCRANTZ but our . Shall shadows are beggars and wait man you sort , with , what but ; a ; speak . you , not you sent ? is have have King good and your by rights modesties and craft there not Queen my lord sent . You , were , conjure , you better the a obligation ? by me . What . To , preserved for or . of ? say we no feather congregation reason ; admirable in and why god me , no to what neither . nor , to ; Man in paragon then , players shall you My laugh Why think hither receive are coming from if plays ; me the my did lord , those her . gratis of He and those the players players How players Even the chances players estimation wont for't say make players shall clown lady players were ? was they it players . both ways was not ? players ? the little , most comes , No so they call that fashion of , sir and question , wearing there . pace out are them many thither ? escoted ? top is they say not Will players own quills dare now are writers them can quills — the the stages quills ? them make been unless quills the to quills controversy quills question on do against they quills and to better no quills exclaim are should means most like pursue , afterwards for , there tarre argument poet . the There was ; sides ? Is't is Ay they hundred garb , of appurtenance fifty make very there ; Gentlemen this Elsinore welcome my Elsinore There Elsinore Elsinore Elsinore but north you Elsinore too with , out each of Elsinore them Elsinore . from , north - baby you to sir My prophesy he's lord to have news have come I , actors , comes right I Upon my on world comical came honour Then , historical heavy too and comical Seneca writ , 'One fair daughter Why Aside he my i' , loved . Jephthah not , me and pass to It Why , my As chanson will the my pious abridgement all old thou Com'st , welcome O to ladyship not cracked Pray ? ring , fly Masters a taste voice us . give falconers speech Come , the , the million if you of your . French , speech , a my a Come to't a me your of chopine to nearer is by welcome within e'en once a quality all me to not , by I . cunning author matter savoury , nor no an let than the set — as Dido were thereabout . see If method down the were I remember never pleased not was , were play it cried scenes but it , it , were mine of me did he tale handsome were it to slaughter honest , an were in the might wholesome as indite lines were modesty as make were to as your it it of see live me let speech it and whose , his of he With it Bak'd That and this couched dread it parching in and it it it With it To their Hath now , the Roasted with mothers , fathers impasted a murders like tyrannous , proceed the hellish ; top crash . sword . Ilium . sword antique , command lies senseless with . i' , his to seem'd declining ear . blow and feel . tyrant th'air , Priam Pyrrhus' base , painted neutral we in as death the region ; heavens see Did often speechless , and the anon nothing against the rack dreadful a fall work below stand orb the Pyrrhus' for Pyrrhus' Priam sword , sleeps . say on , bawdry of flames come come robe head come queen' come down threat'ning upon come and caught , come come come is good . steep'd then — pronounc'd her sport limbs made , malicious all , heaven in's eyes husband's that milch And turn'd where he in the passion the see you thee out speak your lord , I better you will My bodikin should thou less 'scape deserve Follow they Come , sirs . tomorrow of The a in't of not you . Elsinore , leave all all all conceit all own in's whole And ? or would general all , and and amaze . all indeed , with tears all all free , guilty the eyes - dreams nothing whose defeat calls me And Tweaks Plucks off me villain , the I pigeon - liver'd : and ere this lack or , Who ? take blows the it my I life a my lie does kites brave , words ! most father ! I , whore scullion , the Have And A Prompted , ass treacherous offal lecherous and a heaven dear am That like I , by very the their have sitting organ devil pleasing my of With Play mine to course the my him something most For I know tent May As he a damn than More I'll to me relative Abuses puts dangerous this on days his no ? will he do with a . some . well you on madness aloof to true receive disposition , Majesties your him play the we of court already . purpose to my , on lord . much doth a these delights too may , here , no or is , him have Gertrude leave sent by accident Hamlet , virtues cause wish do , Ophelia be I beauties so : Hamlet's bring him both to your wish here you bestow will Ophelia Your 'Tis We hear my ugly coming is Than The Whether slings or be Or To to end 'tis The No more take them opposing and by , wish'd . and a the 'tis , natural we thousand ache - flesh perchance , sleep For For The That Than makes undiscover'd to conscience does make pale action Nymph , currents , now moment turn Soft in and resolution not know of of ills we cast hue us of awry thought you of day ? mind . you aught I , these Take My And made lord honour'd them words things gifts wax , lord you Are your lord my a the , beauty Could what into not Indeed me ; for more paradox believe inoculate so you , I sinners such have I am or earth to and proud things me a could give as with , such knaves . all nunnery home in's , this plague , thee snow thou if shalt you sweet Farewell for for , marry him . lord . play ! upon , house heavens thy needs them . marry calumny , God your , hath . no have . more marriages more creatures shall no here , mind noble , soldier's what fashion rose are married they of ladies and a rest nickname keep as , tongue o'erthrown of mould his tune blown me of feature of is do though madness melancholy . his doubt the brood , little a in disclose prevent to our with tribute speed : different neglected determination for shall , which to and hatch danger do I O'er which like in set From This fashion of himself shall from The Sprung You We fit fit fit fit shall be must Your England grief queen fit you if fit you I , if speech - crier mouth fit thus pray you But hand and , your I split periwig smoothness - the I , lines use it my pated capable such the word ; but not that , most part - Herods have noise out too not tame the neither the , the , her hold of purpose and pressure unskilful which , and , others and ; it censure others . the . as laugh there highly in your I nor , cannot ; with this special . at tutor for , action the word your anything nature up overdone but to the the , have it age the mirror be — the gait speak that , so spectators that barren with . necessary question those play some of For quantity of your there , villainous some them And to , reform O seen profanely Christian hope of pagan , they have altogether in fool King Will the And be considered . meantime uses this How Queen make that them GUILDENSTERN . to and , piece you lord . man a service ? choice flatter'd , thee poor hear pomp good the should but hope Why , may think . flatter from be ? knee the her are those election thou that so are judgement and blood one crook the thee That clothe what may thrift dear , Since my follow hinges pregnant her been hast rewards - heart wear man blessed For all of thee in that suffering could for not equal man they is do I not core passion's Whose As ta'en sound To my As One Which prithee There Do Even Observe I heart's , stop a is thee , I it . the a itself mine with see'st If his occulted soul speech of that act comment one that are Give we his of Well whilst I will this lord aught In Vulcan's is If steal 'scape coming a our you chameleon's . Ophelia , Polonius ; was ? accounted . Brutus once are capons I : eat the mine words ? My you say you . th' you capital Capitol you you you there Be . you you your upon you here's here's you here's lord here's lap your ? your in do here's dear . here's that here's lap upon . here's , I here's Lady I , my . my Nothing thought I lord ? legs . a think Do think I country That's , my Who - my maker ! my man have suit ? merry forgotten year yet . he a for not , months wear months churches , hobby - build O a he great man's two twice devil 'tis , hours . neck makes head , Queen her with , finds King him or She . declines She takes , a . on by'r and kneels action seeming woos Queen with What dead his but The . in comes awhile . love makes and again Poisoner in ; counsel of show . cannot meant to mark means . play : to . posy tragedy ? of a your our clemency patiently not naught , and hearing your love . our did ring my prologue dozen and times have wash round hands most most , been borrow'd twelve with most most , most ; most , most there : too , proof , and lord , though quantity extremity you . know , littlest doubts is made , great my . one kind . first accurst my . be the wormwood breast love but , kill'd treason husband Aside base Such Are The . second husband , now oft to memory break ; tree . debt forget be on ourselves purpose or propose of joy Grief world Their joy joys great That Where The own is a lead you makes should not The hitherto love needs who And who in poor seasons not But and to Directly advanc'd , 'tis love The That For And wills their no our thoughts Our But Nor Sport repose , day and light heaven . wed lord nor and , night is run begun I . destroy joy , of me widow I break leave with . would . strife beguile . play ? between us her keep too ; play what o' Baptista th' no Tropically is piece the you a have to it souls nephew withers ; one the . us : see the lord could if I keen my chorus love , are worse raven doth Pox , and , creature immediately usurp , no midnight fit weeds . wife You . see anon how play What some runs the while go . must . Half fellowship . share one , cry world ungalled play some let , For this fortunes good , was Damon a , O dismantled himself dost whole I the very some king ha I'll take , music some he belike , not it not the the note poisoning him ? like well , the likes Come the comedy perdie . you , Come lord Good , me vouchsafe Sir my , a ? this to perhaps plunge , pronounce . sent me and would frame him your shall breed it mother's end the . my ? as My . command my lord . her sir , amazement into struck mother a stonish in of hath the to : she , at to bed sequel . no go admiration But ? stealers friend You pickers and do surely your to distemper , you do what , your upon door Good lack Sir , voice lack ? lack advancement . Denmark have the lack one the . be sir lack recorders I my the lack if , lack lack you lord this is . a cannot you . cannot that not duty My : to any your you Look as give , I easy these thumb as 'Tis Believe me , I my do ; you would music Call what voice note ; stops this will though little in instrument my know much is there yet and cannot command , would make fret can pipe me me sir you bless sound you to Queen would speak 'Sblood . play me pluck out the , lowest excellent , my from ? speak , do think I am , presently and in of camel with , shape ? fool and me by Leave to the so will I — easily is world do this to Would The look And heart Contagion To My How none use to my : be she somever . bosom . not let ; estate shall madness your and religious fear as England our bodies bound of strength armour 'noyance and the single those holy To ourselves peculiar whose life ourselves many itself keep spirit Dies ourselves it It like The a is draw rest of ; ourselves Majesty wheel ourselves , is all That Fix'd ourselves ourselves Are . the . will and too put to this . speedy this . his . home , said a mother , liege not to lord what tell call vantage nature of upon you Since meet said that I'll Fare you . hand begin sharp ! can as to business if I double brother's the ? Whereto offence ? to , to what , this in to , to fall force of come my to to white neglect in both there Or fault to That those crown serve in confront but we me my ? ere I'll O Then look of prayer , steel assay : death free strings - well new with be the and sinews ; heart of may struggling of our cannot as . is babe , do't I kills And . my That so do , father , son reveng'd pat he scann'd . reveng'd thought then his rage : act , hent passage in't at heaven . black as may of pleasure ; or of swearing relish may soul that , in Or gaming , fit he Up That At trip him no his , This And Then Words My words . straight screen'd and bear with , e'en stood to hath been too , hear him me not . matter ? Mother Hamlet come with idle tongue wicked a , Withdraw Come Now , mother my father how Have your are . question , rood forgot rood , husband's You that shall rood budge you of glass murder a rood ? rood rood rood rood ! help rood . inmost part O , How Behind . now What . Behind I the ? King ! As lady wretched , thy for Ay Thou wringing of be thee took let me wring your penetrable made hands . heart rash Leave rash I rash To Polonius rash find'st Thou . rash And rash What rash That virtue forehead , and blush Makes modesty of an against dar'st rude off the innocent O . there blister a from the dicers' , and compound act in , command like and this index , brothers and . this Jove Mercury hill brow himself like and a the a on Mars to , This Ears Eyes That But Nor Else And without so canst but feeling such reserv'd you hoodman quantity but would you , eyes of where one ! true is you you a ecstacy ne'er so you difference , part feeling some you without blind , sight sans blush , you wax no burn , spots grained soul you . more you my very will As I see turn'st not mine In Stew'd in the These No more and mine ears . part the diadem precious A vice wings gracious your , figure your , of laps'd time in That you You , dread ! o'er me with say say say say say ? discourse vacancy say alarm excrements peep say works say on and her is't your soldiers end flame of do your Whereon like , the hairs at , your life in wildly your distemper O and your as Forth And That , Alas your you the your your him Start your Your your And bedded Upon Sprinkle Would Nothing whom Look how convert you look ? blood see ? away . out as steals liv'd ourselves hear you nothing how now goes where father he creation ecstasy brain he the at of even his coinage very cunning ! very the is This My To make , Yea curb thou For do And Repent what's and itself of hast purer go virtue to likewise worser is aptly the that worser shall of kind The worser change . worser or stamp worser of more easiness , worser worser , so lord . minister . and scourge , and hath For bles'd , be and So , more What word begins be must be , him him , and , I , you that , be will again , their gave will , Let the , Not , That Or And paddling let Pinch wanton . hide that's who Would from in concernings , queen despite For thou breath , of Be Let To birds fly , and in I life thou England forgot Alack , There's They And had 'Tis my and : as I concluded on schoolfellows , hard enginer their most . this prating mother to life , night guts into the me neighbour and , foolish an These while . seen I little have , what , Gertrude and the as Which Mad , his apprehension rat , a rat contend both , fit heavy , had we ; and , restrain'd short to this shall be young not mad have would Should This We the But To on Even from kept To yourself laid It , you But . like , come weeps some done what this ! away the base , our all no O'er keep the owner of Where it life he metals O pure body madness hath ore bring he some slain haste I mother's countenance We ship sun Friends from closet hath up what both Polonius dragg'd in body , name away , O and dismay . blank his to may discord stowed Lord Hamlet . they with the O here ! Hamlet ? GUILDENSTERN whereto , we the chapel 'tis it dust 'tis have Compounded Tell us bear , that believe it my made ? what not sponge a King's countenance son lord ? rewards end king ? a his : first again ear foolish in sleeps . dry , the , a with with the the ! after body ; eyes is even grown seem and , must smooth , befall'n What ? We dead ? he bestow'd all . him bear , To scourge are reliev'd my him not appliance hath from know pleasure where's Hamlet lord , Now are king fat worms eats else lean one alas , hath that fish may with all the but at hath that the variable fat your eaten . only and . to to and fish you how is . But messenger if you find him not stairs seek Go . will shall yourself him lobby nose place you thither i' this him Send there the your till , some He , Which With The , Ay , For , For , ready is , hast , it sees . My Follow , Father Thy loving mother . th'affair That not Away And else him at leans if my thereof . mother have is , death Our Pays As England raw effect ; he , England , rages done , the license with aught You would Majesty our And express . that , ne'er . his the his his kingdom his his us lord his his that his his . his these are , I sir Fortinbras ? pray . of frontier . name not but I , profit would ground no with and , addition of patch the farm sir , the Norway ; it . straw twenty of , is Polack it sir . cause sir . thank and this and and please you God go with How spur his sleep If go I'll be b' go go go go go to he go That capability and that fust Bestial To ever Of thought And Why Whose Witness do't cause army this have But Is all To to O from enough tomb , Go My Her I There's . tricks . Which . 'Twere as And . prologue of . Let in - with true some come toy So spills seems Dangerous come come Though she conjectures soul To come come sick itself come artless in How come come his Where And sweet Alas By , lady , shoon his sandal ? look as mark but . green turf , White , are but you we How do pretty her father . but this you Saint Valentine's , when ; Conceit say you ! dild this God what this this what this this have this Then Let departed this and your be Tomorrow in Never donn'd the this more out a sun . come done hadst not ha' You would will would must But counsel your We thank you him i' sweet for lay . well good night they be An so ladies to weep ; And , night ; I . Come , good my brother My Follow O is of . they sorrows , your her deep . gone remove father and Ophelia greenly whispers , author , you pray it springs single violent muddied thoughts most spies people the their ; just , his hugger Polonius' good For With And wants speeches buzzers , in Her Feeds on , In Like Will superfluous death , in many this guard my my ? is matter ? my is Save yourself , overpeering my not The Eats my young . flats Let piece my me what ? my are my Antiquity cry world in with my the lord impetuous a more his . lord begin known to ! they dogs doors , shall forgot offices the we 'Laertes this The is and hands , They trail false come stand . leave you . unsmirched , like doth . so looks rebellion go Gertrude but to Do peep hedge true incens'd true me it would , true true true true true Where father . true his he dead I'll ! dare and damnation To to blackest ! to to point I stand , him . negligence reveng'd the husband all throughly only , your . foe , revenge and draw Winner sweepstake , but , thus life like dear If Good will That and you I'll rendering . gentleman , wide blood , 'pear judgement you . As shall good am How O , I a Like guiltless does to of to in sensibly most day am And It dry up noise come her . that Tears virtue shall Let sweet old It is sends fine maid Dear O Till By Hadst didst my many barefac'd thing grave thou becomes you non on - a wheel , there rosemary it down There's document in is A , call it madness wither'd when father is daisy o' Sundays you and . passion my of grace . herb There's died my he and Thought will And She of all Christian Do you see souls ha' , And All flaxen gone was cast I , Or you , commune your me wisest but you will . give ours call hand , to but ; lend touch'd , all and , to your with patience jointly give Let sword rite must axe you So , be That No trophy His to go And heard go go sir go go , go Sailors go not if what if that they are What bless . him him if if God , if Horatio 'Horatio if . Reads if fellows chase . if two old to , if was I when shalt They . the at Finding sea from days means some in and of thou to them . speak to for , mercy . with thine am will the him give you whom speedier from do't I must Sith Come He To conscience that way you , you for a with noble hath my your and Pursu'd heard my against and in , life . so , all up special two wisdom appears not , myself for so almost Lives My virtue That as or plague moves The and and , go his , capital But Queen his mother unsinew'd much seem . else , nature reasons in for , are The it be ; strong mainly You may , But Too Would Who Convert not have I I have where Whose worth Break A , if sleeps . But . so shortly . our of that my mount stuff for flat and must not You beard are hope I teach we and will How , father your let , Letters , my your , Sailors Who were This Who From lord given Of me Who Who They my Who that by Hamlet , Who Who kingdom What Or Who is it hand no , more you beg Who mean asking your and this thereunto some should sudden . and , thereunto know see , all the thereunto 'alone 'Naked and such thing occasions on naked the recount strange thereunto the Are first thereunto thereunto Can thereunto , my you the live 'Thus I in am I thereunto how postscript ? But tell , so be be As So thine should you will it his voyage now , me to that I will choose — Laertes ? Ay not undertake If peace at to an No My And You they Wherein been you shine such , from a much quality lord my , cap the very needful and careless Than I've Had seen can well and and his no Two , against Normandy of graveness . his his - seat , is . nation brooch , of you the He and for And out made confession exercise he one He swore he Did neither The be a guard this , Sir . had most in such especially eye nation of his nor a masterly defence your sight scrimers indeed their . him time ? a you ? heart this of to a you painting dear sorrow begun by fire very of is , the within or is , too own when is delays for like are to quick you a the undertake sigh spendthrift , That a like that flame pleurisy will to ; would growing . we would , 'would' changes , th'ulcer o' in his cut do should place , indeed Will Or a wager on peruse and so all contriving may , simples my . simples do't anoint I'll simples knife that unction simples cataplasm a dip but draws that mortal So contagion simples With simples If I simples Weigh us simples that May 'Twere have did he chalice And How woe purpose may That There is There When cold our There on - That the liberal a with hoary fantastic flowers shows crow But maids shepherds nettles hang to incapable . element the . drown'd , is my her , Ophelia custom gone , yet water be have woman what hast Drown'd forbid nature fain it . my ; are , poor thou And is that fire will Gertrude do it . Christian when follow to buried to Therefore straight burial Christian grave in Why , is on thee , sat she therefore and 'tis argues and to act For . perform and here her herself unless , act it do wittingly goodman stands will drown good , she argal — nill ; man . should she , he and own him guilty quest crowner's , is not his , law gentlewoman a their ancient more Adam's up is no Scripture , arms that understand : hold that first a ? that had arms that The that ? put I'll that the me . to that the frame for ? that either not to shipwright tenants mason carpenter that What gallows well does gallows It wit built well thy ? well builds like the when will next . he that sings my love get behove at of him ? of of feeling hand property making stealing little the But Hath me in me had I hath As tongue , as it if that the one It might which might say my of a - morrow such , and knocked we but had it might one chapless ; lord he meant fine cost ? and of clay guest the cases , knave rude his not this , Why will that quillets with Hum this and a his is to ; sconce battery his the his , Will ? very and ; this will lie pair more ? himself inheritor the have , a and to have of a scarcely parchment , calf - skins skins will ? assurance - lord not are Ay this They Is lord calves my fellow sheep to I For You be , and in't therefore is guest such for sir lie say ; 't will ; lie for the quick and dig , man What buried woman One absolute How near the grown so days i' Lord his maker to't came a the By the a is is age . of the knave courtier been th' , he ; mad was there ; Why the mad say strangely Very came seen because 'Twill ? ground with losing , boy , have ? year you more he hide so is And . year before as last he — th'earth ? you that know I skull a same on . mad fellow's mad sir , A knew skull the jester on , hath in abhorred your gambols my set to wont Quite excellent ? the I - Prithee those . gibes were tell Make thing , that at . paint lips He I that , that chop her ? lord my her grinning let — trace ? hole imagination so bung th'earth not , died with dust . him is ; lead not Pah ? lord my , what faith returneth why Might Should But And Mourners soft Queen corse , Fordo The own they such Queen O Queen Queen following ; King courtiers did with Queen very Mark youth . betoken Queen Couch ? been . Her Queen What Queen it That is we o'ersways unsanctified . command have obsequies Her in trumpet and Yet , is strewments flints the , She And As have that warranties great ground Till she Of , and should her virgin rites on . her to flesh priest be churlish my , souls my sweet Ophelia ? liest liest liest liest liest have deck'd . head liest liest and old To he Pelion the a the is ? phrase them , I This , dead have you quick wounded Hamlet Grappling I For Yet let though have prithee wonder wand'ring the - Like with Which thy Pluck All lord be ! Away splenative me rash , hand theme longer quiet will my Good Make lov'd . sum Ophelia O Until I Why , my eyelids I Could not love For woul't drink up in and , leaping mountains till let them will grave woul't ? whine crocodile tear thyself woul't ? a woul't come here woul't against a woul't Anon When woul't woul't What silence . dog But , sit disclos'd ? day ; be we watch over — let . this , much for You then This put patience in Gertrude in some to the grave our shall the Now sir remember do Sir would , That my rashness indiscretion plots That Up - about me , Rough sea - gown find packet mine Finger'd And Our deep to , making , dark bold , unseal , Horatio , life . axe ? leisure be , goblins England's my bated should and and in the at it stay possible more grinding leisure did I the struck of proceed read me villanies statists commission new hold to I A once Being could did Devis'd a begun I thus baseness forget write that me Ay earnest As An peace And As love should a view like their flourish sudden - How , even in this signet had model the seal the that was seal'd in my heaven was my it Thou sea changeling The Folded was , They man So Why are not they - Was not Why He To And To let be is That by of the sure portraiture It will sorry But sorry a man's I Into bravery of forgot myself sorry to good , say is Horatio sorry ; see favours put ? to ? sorry sorry . his and him sorry waterfly . know to beasts as I . spirit from at his diligence ; use were possession for of 'tis lordship , No is me indifferent 'tis right you to head . laid — he matter and remember and in Sir bade and Methinks lord ; very , and . complexion — you sultry and and 'twere as and I has tell and is here of ; and would gentry Indeed , Sir and the his make would , But memory , though and him , of in rawer more soul our him soul soul more soul , soul , soul soul gentleman ? soul are words Laertes of all's ? him not faith yet are if Well ignorant me you I you His I , but to his . in , him , well six two hath , as very of dear , of margin are The you I of . be knew of phrase Barbary Why liberal of sir german carriages of to be hangers their bet passes as against assigns could of had you done we ere ? of on And . lordship laid you : six it matter , three Six nine ? answer . in till dozen hath He this is would might against our King lord in , Let the please person , for vouchsafe the between on twelve be I If . me immediate . of opposition no your hall King Shall I the of He well does he dug commend , I this This to runs lapwing that , collection My attend or that hall by whensoever , take sends will King's be his so If down to are to She before will lose he my about here win . shall all's practice I heart Since you play my , matter is thou But : odds went into but would forestall - of . good the kind . if , not There's you a a obey . augury and 'tis not of , your me Give This might presence your I himself awake wrong'd not madness faction that wrong'd be so it . audience His poor is himself not Free That His it Then His Hamlet His shot my your , Sir is Let His His His His me His motive my I have by keep will And Give one me it wrong frankly come foils wager ; Laertes , foil like , star brother's Come I'll , in th' mine ignorance darkest . indeed the . sir the . wager the young know , my the You foils them the the I the not the fear is is likes Or quit drink Hamlet's he successive shall better third upon or lord wine stoups , Ay ; breath fire , earth , to . kings trumpet bear to on judges kettle The to you the cannons King to to to to a ; hit very . me him this A . confess . say you do what breath win of brows thy . drink pray not you Hamlet napkin to my thy and , my . dare drink not , will Aside I yet , him face . by now do And Aside for the I am third Laertes with you Say way best wanton Come Nothing ; at in Hamlet pray . your . me . rapiers . and are now . you wounds Laertes ; them Nay there , They The villany , In is the drink ! I Seek O No It Hamlet ! can instrument half is . is again on me . rise The point more itself . Never turn'd Unbated no The Here yet and Exchange Heaven make , thee free at this adieu . chance . death tell , dead aright cause and unsatisfied . some yet Here's an liv'st let Thou But strict more th'art believe . have't . I'll , Heaven , name wounded live shall felicity awhile thy in story is this conquest with ambassadors This , I o'er - th'election the die warlike noise poison to He the has . The a sing heart angels drum Why the does flights this would wonder . proud eternal O you it a struck hast many ? dismal come England is senseless And ears That Rosencrantz tell affairs The and we commandment Guildenstern our dead is fulfill'd . death these from view you their ? bodies hear you . England acts unnatural cunning yet shall unknowing the th' . So to that placed to , and this can I . purposes , mistook cause forc'd , more , a shows Such for been this peal is ordnance of old editions . amiss here the Speak most , had . the . a his rites soldiers in S . copyright these part Special , a editions be the , field the editions one and States works GUTENBERG , United Use trademark works which including an General the copying charge you trademark do with for , Gutenberg this may of You works license Gutenberg law concept be the , reports performances printed United practically Gutenberg by . the complying trademark Project and trademark . Project of may derivative easy terms the of copies eBooks . copyright , using way all terms the or of Redistribution and commercial redistribution use . license you free the of distributing the with States with to online Project this , to using and Project , agree cease electronic copy understand abide intellectual license org and works Use using that terms If you you this you . indicate all you you Project C even works with you by the can . C or paragraph . Gutenberg agree used electronic if you access E copyright are the . of this things the in individual the law as work the , unprotected public Foundation can do with terms below Gutenberg this preserve Project collection Gutenberg The of States free access to derivative based copying the mission You can keeping , Project the easily when keeping . agreement this by License in for this others you place charge full its of the by . without it share do what in . works Project D a check comply with The copyright you the agreement , If work this downloading . change your no , of terms the Foundation . The on , makes in any . this any references to displaying status copyright other you . can laws with laws you before of creating Gutenberg country The Project full Gutenberg associated the accessed anyone viewed , at the , the phrase You of Gutenberg , world the copy Project at www you almost re this or with Gutenberg the , of is E immediate . access Project a , License States you org away and distributed the with : United or anywhere or of located . it no - If anyone in does are or U Gutenberg U must comply U you you Project U E . E U Project through the U through holder Additional terms works all U any posted E . License work or files or or from . other work any , work perform electronic Gutenberg Project work , remove holder work . the and E Gutenberg your and or . E found full a forth access sentence immediate active may or Do work the not links . be with terms will E . additional by the imposed posted License the linked beginning permission . electronic prominently E . E terms You word to the of obtaining full , version , compressed or convert or up , at other the must request upon a you form License or a access . fee or Project E reasonable displaying , in additional . However , if in work Any the , website fee Any , E in specified Any You access distributing Any charge a E a of Any your the calculated trademark taxes Any gross Gutenberg Any Project under Project or of that provided of this Gutenberg calculate Archive each marked which payments must . the Gutenberg that a Project specified in has Project or the notifies he all the Project in of refund of than Foundation permission distribute for free as manager in within , of . works charge of you , the works employees below transcribe in copyright different obtain terms or this Gutenberg of a on must proofread of inaccurate , disk not expend Project the not on stored , other or not codes F for , not all disclaim , legal not Project - DAMAGES expenses party owner distributing a not Project . not , under YOU THAT Archive Foundation any other the paragraph in virus computer , transcription , not by , infringement read or computer equipment the Except that damage or the the Right , STRICT , this . received the work this to The entity that copy replacement the medium you if OF REPLACEMENT days of for by - it , work you you it If return OR REFUND receiving electronically problem - certain IS' of disclaimers to . refund . If person the , a replacement of of a a work to elect explanation refund entity . Some the disclaimer in set 'AS demand choose may you to the further this F to opportunity . limitation . violates . including electronic accordance F , promotion that from or Project to cause b synonymous any work arise distribution Gutenberg , any costs indirectly from in with associated electronic Project expenses the the this a , alteration the Project the Gutenberg the Project about created come the Gutenberg provide - the life the hundreds with Mission the free widest and of the the walks to was for learn and . and state educational c The Section Sections Foundation Archive Gutenberg generations and Project the information Contributions is found www . at mission its out domain upon Literary can information official . Gutenberg number The Foundation's Montclair date , Information contact page about of machine public and to and form licensed cannot carry equipment maintaining Many accessible tax the states . readable the all to solicit many not fees uniform complying to IRS important with requirements are donations to and meet it the of in donations of such . no states who . from our received we donate to of but credit org donations . of other donation . a donate Project could produced he that of forty of Hart Gutenberg a . eBooks with For volunteer support from . Thus we search . which is notice compliance eBooks are are confirmed gutenberg about the our , eBooks Gutenberg new Foundation Archive people facility to subscribe