Who's ? there unfold . 'Tis You . struck this Nay , answer most come upon Francisco . guard thee If For rivals The think Friends to is good , farewell you place night , ho . there ? Marcellus . appear'd there ! tonight him of , what , Say I Horatio has have seen nothing him of this , our ears story . your awhile down so we That let , tush us He Sit , sit hear us yond then bell made break Peace his it to Horatio . again dead that's like a same the not Most It . scholar like spoke to . heaven of I majesty . offended is fair buried and See , march By not and answer away charge . which speak ! Horatio ! You ! own mine ! on't What look pale ! an on know the ice . he thyself . at by not , state , watch that , cannon subject strange sit in But This Good nightly this down and me land observant , our whose this with sweaty me the day can I sore war from such toils same , strict cast daily At Dar'd , this know , a known those , Norway of seal'd ; lands compact heraldry by with which , of , all , him esteem'd , conqueror , Fortinbras , sir article by Fortinbras by Fortinbras by ; Well Was Hath Hamlet And Of the skirts the of diet and up vanquisher inheritance in't well doth us by , strong which to enterprise , there , full some is state , head , the and rummage watch and post the And , Of So For of , other but , our lost recover appear resolutes , figure I foresaid this And , no those unto take it . wars the e'en preparations Rome fell sheeted of blood moist star stands , coming still omen precurse to Neptune's doomsday and , Julius mightiest dead . events fates countrymen . illusion ! demonstrated comes Stay , again , use me to , to , happily privy , me to speak treasure O , death , earth thy in hast art Speak uphoarded the say , in avoid life ! in ! not , I it 'Tis if ! 'Tis do We To will ! here , air the blows to our as wrong 'Tis And offer the , summons is lofty day fire . truth the spirit at - shrill and ; trumpet . I his . celebrated of crowing Saviour's , spirit all is that object the of no night of made throat , herein hies , strike 'gainst singeth long , charm stir the , hill , it speak my seen . him and yon high by , what , advice life duty . have for to him fitting acquaint , and loves shall pray this conveniently find our I shall grief in discretion our now think sister this warlike , remembrance jointress to wisest brow of . on sorrow that dear and our Lords Hamlet us woe with , it nature ourselves a one and auspicious we Therefore To memory be green hath fought him queen , dole and dirge joy state with sometime With scale ; wisdoms wife 'twere dropping delight For know of late weak , you supposal be message lands us pester to with all of and dream fail'd by a Holding Or Colleagued with Our He the ourself father brother have here , rid - most by The further lists You To Who this impotent his his gait in full subject you let CORNELIUS and the ; and VOLTEMAND will , news Dane , asking ? Laertes Laertes , you with heartily things show we What . is't to reason nothing ? Polonius . from ; By Upon He hath , them must bend wishes to you father's lord I give you , his Laertes it Hamlet Take But , thy fair hour best beseech I now Aside , Seek for not thine Hamlet Not . A little thy it through Passing let Thou Seems 'Tis Nor Nor , That Together No Nor have trappings commendable in your his . is But condolement for to a heaven , grief , hath common sense fault 'tis simple in most the should ? against reason of first so unprevailing fathers corse We , let most father This of are ; for no with the And You a As Is To , most must Than that Do I It in thy thee shall all , our of and our , lose ; my loving and gentle ourself Why Sits - Re King's great jocund to This the 'tis best in and in O , Thaw canon Seem on't dead two it grows ! Possess Hyperion ; loving Heaven roughly would on earth heaven mother this , to much to of and hang a him within old poor — which she , month little A what me not think it As Like But break , The or , Horatio Hail myself , lord my , you , from . Wittenberg from even . so that enemy good my say I'll what very But glad what But teach you is your drink deep affair I Against lord , what yourself We'll to your My thrift The my mother's funeral bak'd tables marriage was had methinks see , the foe dearest my father lord . my see Indeed Thrift I furnish met — saw I Where , father Or ever Would I He my lord my ! a may gentlemen I deliver gentlemen their , the solemn with - march , distill'd , fear , me , and true both , kept made knew word impart not with length Almost his their By slow Within them each ? this . watch night they This to the it did : none I , yet . we Did My My lord And Arm'd Both From Arm'd . you say , toe to my lord do , saw from more to top My , or you anger . up there been would have one very tell a long . Stay'd amaz'd like haste might , and BARNARDO when grizzled it ? no longer life ; in it seen beard as , It Perchance , my assume though hell pray sight still hap . my peace hitherto whatsoever tenable hold it I I'll I watch . tonight walk 'twill father's I this you , all well . honour your loves to visit . twelve fare no , to All : foul the doubt Though still I the Till , is not were will : to deeds Farewell . embark'd all sit spirit duty arms father's And Hamlet , not perfume and suppliance , more . of minute ; favour blood ; not a temple and mind he is but do choice whole birth : be body depends Then and is he for the he saying for ; head your in what his so act is for sustain further for his chaste . dear , importunity songs treasure , for sister no , for . withal which deed his Ophelia you chariest her shot in , or rear your list desire . enough moon : the prodigal beauty 'scapes itself unmask the are lies near keep . youth , heaven , do , lesson thorny dalliance to reckless none fear ungracious puff'd his of not . my double is a a to watchman the upon Aboard shoulder leave . your sail . with , second There precepts thy in , my memory tongue ; Beware entertainment being with a th'opposed , thy ; proclaims both rich but ear hatch'd not each Take entrance that Bear't thine as best rank man and can , chief lender generous a and select oft apparel thine Are thine And above then follow be , to : thine must dulls the own thine the self the false go , Farewell What I thine Farewell . memory shall in my said thine to and invites I take humbly you , to he you you ? you . yourself late you you most oft and so must tell . bounteous on you put and ; yourself I to you honour , green circumstance should ? you . a call a you , have Marry I Affection speak believe his my lord you speak He hath , me speak perilous such you speak , pay baby speak them speak , to . me fashion how , fire daughter prodigal their in You something not must With hath fashion , Ay And heat almost When Lends given blood all countenance heat the tongue promise , as heat , heat springes , Even heat heat Giving more your Be scanter command heat Than Do not be better slander charge , to The It What Indeed Wherein The King Keeps - drains , doth does this mean then lord walk ? thus of his down Rhenish trumpet swaggering , his . out and Is mind manner he triumph as kettle More Soil addition our That So pith the breach , here custom observance a nations other native is the , though of in mole ; traduc'd us our From The in By breaking their Since , chances and and by some habit manners — infinite else I say livery Carrying The Shall that corruption dram take undergo pure star one complexion forts defect o'erleavens these — men , too ; of , His To his fault as man they or in all ministers from intents Bring Be Doth scandal from , questionable or goblin damn'd ! defend or or a Dane , speak thee a Angels That King Have Hath we saw Wherein bones , call . quietly burst To canoniz'd , to will I Be thy me Why Say Wherefore shake fools of in What glimpses , horridly So Making Revisit'st cast , thee thus thou thy their , thoughts why , some it As if this , It do you . did with of , the impartment To But , a more removed desire follow . means no not to with courteous it alone ground . do I'll . me for not soul It , will It , speak set Do my lord , it form reason , brain every into looks you And Which draw That . roar me , on hears . lord hands your my , rul'd And As call'd the My I a Unhand ; each hardy you Nemean this nerve thee . follow him me of , imagination thus come . lets me . not Have To 'tis desperate direct will wilt Speak . follow . of . My to up and sulph'rous myself ! ghost is Must When render Alas not , I To Speak me Pity I thy lend poor but . bound , What , walk the my shalt to hear . father's to in away confin'd term for for could of unfold ; stars from , forbid of lightest thy freeze my , spirit to . a whose prison and . thy List didst thou flesh But To ears If blood eternal this upon O God combined his foul most , and unnatural swift fat the ; apt Now the thou my of , or I May most foul as to sweep me meditation As . itself thou be sleeping , ear in , did Now Ay by me sting his ! have . beast adulterate with was off to soul prophetic my his Mine ! love a that wears wit incestuous wit seduce , went to a Upon I court But wretch what in O Brief let ! Will lust Though To From That Hamlet will So The it mine of sate soft And me custom secure cursed of methinks be always the uncle did effect man ; morning within . I prey the scent afternoon my of . Sleeping hour , blood ears in Upon Holds That swift in my with quicksilver as like , and And , even Of Cut Thus curd wholesome most a thin And , with blood alleys it courses doth of and The And The lazar like vile crust , account but contrive but not that thou leave her thorns for the nature all With O If but and - but prick to not mother but To thy mind her Fare be near but . once but act this let nor lodge at , thee ! old not fie heaven ! ghost records memory holds instant ? a Yea In , trivial . Remember What while up grow , memory table distracted this Ay And Within , host of O sinews from Remember all pernicious book thy books and the O . villain At am smile may least , there sure and , is It uncle My So is tables , is have may Meet I smile you I , is ! is ; bird , is ho Hamlet Lord Heaven ! What , lord , come . my . reveal wonderful heaven be — lord my , I be Not would But then say How Nor I be There's be be by villain he's needs be And ; you i' all point shall and poor be , my desire and and , and , offence heartily offend , but Saint Touching vision , Horatio tell , here us soldiers between good . is , request lord me poor scholars , to And . make you what known What HORATIO , and will not We ? indeed , Swear . sword , stage . there thou the , truepenny ? seen my . my fast my my friends ? my . sword that again gentlemen Swear my . sword have remove this night day O therefore more as of or put strange As To , With arms Or , as I Here are There or or at Beneath know Or So That aught ambiguous perturbed spirit commend . Swear . t'express And all rest Rest The That Nay born joint . O it . of fingers my not lack friending go in pray I , spite us Let your out is your on set , wisely money Give Marry , And , Enquire said lord me ; Of did to him , said it . well , encompassment will distant some his know 'I him' 'And and be Than they this your as , do do and more . well usual my lord most known so on wild say may , so very , Ay , but I ' mean so him ; marry heed , and and youth or , Quarrelling , Ay My lord That he is may You drabbing . fencing , gaming As , another another another another Ay another another another I But sir believe a 'twere Your I Having youth The closes you I ever with breathe you ; I phrase and my I lord . the or man I him guilty , consequence be crimes would prenominate , this or the then sir so ' addition , Where say ? to ? ' . and ay the . carp and wisdom assays reach you See of bias . out of , now you say , or : forth so a o'ertook and ; and of ; or this , and me have well , wi' his you , Good my in , shall How Well my lord . his music , comes had been , shirt upon his with as With and look so knees , head his his foul'd chamber my his a gyved to stockings all doublet speak And As as Ungart'red To of , he My lord I And He He thrice As end his it a a little it For he rais'd sigh so thus head waving up . does I am sorry hath made . did ? command denied as hard and him to letters me I . it beyond is cast known , we to kept go the ourselves common , to Come being hide than which , King . might close love . the utter to hate , our to To To grief More that Moreover , So than And That That Some So Whether That I To he show To whom And open'd aught , am profit time and so your supply expend shall a visitation to the Your much two adheres Both sovereign to your , by Put the pleasures And give dread both service obey more into us , bent your full . visit and gentle Guildenstern changed these bring much And Thanks , I lay We our be up , ourselves Rosencrantz Heavens Pleasant , our where make helpful presence , my return'd the Assure I hold , you this my my of ? as father good to to us'd think not it As My Give shall news grace first admittance that The the , be , fair Welcome , we shall good , Voltemand Say On rebuke so against sickness your was That Was To give Makes before his uncle overcome , to old to employ in thousand crowns to at And to our On Through it levied And Gives to With to As at welcome - feast : labour took . upon to think you thank , your and more consider'd well business likes Answer liege day to is My is majesty business well noble else ? madness is wit , is is . should night night what duty ended to , remains , pity . art . all use this of cause cause then . will . And the him 'tis rather For it That Mad us let find I Hath Doubt madam Good I thee at truth Doubt Doubt ill love most evermore , And fell more in above I lady best out given But by hath how What All obedience dear am that This do you she receiv'd my hath by , think . this But what tell on honourable would I This might you look'd my had my your a this ? think play'd told the queen - dumb , and went with , mute thus No love I , the did of precepts from I then — a fruits out , And ' is the not done Which And , sadness thence , the into the then , and the receive no my to weakness fast , the — make the raves , know that this , will hid it me Within is circumstances hid this I it have a fain so know if lead from If Take this Not I That When You and . his Mark Let And the Be be But assistant But I'll assistant , I . the assistant do assistant assistant try assistant poor presently him does Well Do Then I I , as this ten very world goes a honest ? be a being lord . my , kissing blessing — daughter . look to't my harping I to in truly at walk i' that youth my Conception . a fishmonger Conception Still . a . Conception not , but Conception is on Conception suffered lord who Conception Between the are faces their ; gum that . beards weak For and yet All that they wrinkled ; you that a plentiful have am , which hold satirical have slave eyes old . grey amber men thus crab you . thick down most like air ? in't ? method if set , lack there backward out you Will . is ! so means prosperously out grave hits between me contrive not happiness , honourable sir the , life , I Fare you take life that from , sometimes , on the often meeting that How will leave him his you and . of delivered be humbly my leave I . there . lord is sir , good friends lord dear How lads ? ye do thou . My excellent Rosencrantz the Fortune's in her or my the are we that , waist lord very ; we is , O Faith , lord But near Nor about ; she true , privates the most honest question the deserved prison ? one . good . or bad , wards , worst . it not is ambition the ; that nutshell too one . in were are merely and A , it a I ; the a of but shadow's and , outstretch'd , and my servants for ; I is heroes . And attended occasion , But , you Come for , lord purpose the , I know , of must the what But love , by be me by teach even and what or . Guildenstern Nay I To for then tell have . What say you off to will and late , exercises of but , a in form , dust animals . And Man delights smiling you not yet ; to say . woman what is beauty the so no then you , was apprehension stuff in 'Man I delight . you coted offer welcome shall king adventurous the hither receive if when said man in them service his — use man lungs freely laugh . for't shall sigh plays gratis shall the clown not me He players the , Even the of that and I their same How aerie tyrannically eyases the wonted rusty Do ? it , out are dare them that How ? and question sir ? that wearing . come do that they that cry they themselves better that own ? 'em than Who that longer the rapiers that so are most afraid grow on their common — their against . controversy poet was the in , nation holds money cuffs for sides away his ? Hercules , has possible question . throwing of brains lived give Denmark . is and load too . 'Sblood find , those of King my it There welcome more this in something a make would you of , lest , are is to Elsinore and . ceremony players like mother than Let I are southerly , When from west handsaw . an man is You Rome was When tell so Mark to news I for come child ; for they say old . clouts it . actor indeed . players morning an , historical - comical each pastoral have actors on tragedy his actor , world tragical individable scene what , he liberty heavy , nor the Israel had , are the hadst Plautus , history historical men thou treasure my more daughter he Still that love Jephthah daughter loved — lord well . I not follows that then well my th' , old a call me row , beard of , my pious the of Com'st , and you of , By'r lady We'll speech not all will first The are good , O to I . a ladyship is chopine straight quality . a speech , my , once cried as was received with sallets set , the in digested I the cunning play whose , to judgements of matter . matters But the , such remember savoury in and chiefly especially in in in in much at is , couched in and dismal he this purpose dread he Black When With is of and lend impasted blood That a . thus vile fathers , with Roasted tyrannous with , eyes murders carbuncles sons foot , to , streets . hellish gore coagulate in a the parching daughters and mothers , Head gules damned you the and , good sword antique accent Pyrrhus seeks . rage Unequal . discretion , wide , match'd where it of senseless with a , declining , ear , blow Then wind in his lo to top , the i' his , and rack the , storm orb , still below stand stick matter gods ; heaven , of , fiends the your of or Say jig the a This to ; on 'The mobled queen' is with tale to for , Run blanket with th'alarm seen Fortune's state That's good ! and stood themselves did have caught loins upon and fear instant mincing the and her late With rheum the A Who this Where About gods , has not turn'd you have I'll After where passion his in no you the see for ; well , your death . bodikin I is in your honour to their play . them Follow ha't lines We'll deserve 'scape We'll me old We'll , Ay We'll , We'll Good We'll . night till . Very To Rosencrantz You lord , Guildenstern in my peasant that in this to in soul so a dream in of visage distraction his player in own aspect , passion in ! in do , with would passion stage the cue the free ; th' ? this gall cannot be throat ? bawdy kindless is father and with ! heard Foh have a the of at presently that scene , malefactions though cunning creatures to so have Play , With cunning Have cunning They cunning by guilty struck Been cunning tongue potent . damn cunning and yea the devil The . spirit that he cunning of him course uncle to the quick the . have know you More Abuses And the . The conscience I'll catch no puts drift of he He does harshly why Get confess cause him bring find by feels But and him But from do forward be some . state will he to keeps to on his with Most Did When we a well ? pastime forcing much Niggard assay fell in are out . I And of as him the certain reply of but in you of any , him joy we kind these him about they play 'Tis and , give him lord . us leave Sweet all my We closely by , purpose , father myself , their is behav'd , espials unseen or . you Ophelia I do judge seeing , frankly love for . he as Ophelia ourselves , his encounter thus That If't We Ophelia , will you . of loneliness Your That 'Tis wish wish We wish walk wish wish The wish not Is Than 'tis deed O him 'tis 'tis nobler is 'tis not and arms end ? To 'tis — of to die fortune , question , end 'tis sleep there's may mortal pause give That we Must makes would For pangs oppressor's that perchance ache is , heart Devoutly , To For to shuffled us bear wrong of insolence bodkin bare And conscience does that make returns dread a from will , have ? all cast and pith currents now , of us of the not , turn of , of pale this my name great the native cowards hue bear their thought orisons their ? their have their I you ; thank does all Ophelia their My And their honour'd made these again ; noble compos'd breath mind unkind givers . did . you gave gifts My What Ha ? your , to and lord than the . lordship fair you means lord , me so a was . I be , beauty force you for it was I we more love of the I thou be could yet wouldst made did proof you believe you I very than , earth time to have and Go . I give more but a breeder me do father none , fellows believe imagination had with to lord arrant What them myself thee to to in them thoughts are in , upon him the If chaste dost ice wise nunnery nunnery men go as pure , heavenly paintings God's more Those another powers yourselves nickname the ; no make live no , face will heard marriages more O rest on't , that state here form , and most ecstasy with I , madness his There's not I , is seen have that bells jangled the Now Like seen His spake though affections it down be some I it the This fashion of well do shall origin still matter countries quick do danger in hatch shall of demand settled . do now , Hamlet do , lord . How us My mother , please , fit him find think . so please fit she shall ; best or round Ophelia said ? fit you the , him , ear fit fit , the you confine fit him not . where . so It in great be not unwatch'd if it all many pronounced gently . lines say may mouth pray I speech . the beget , to to , a your - thus that rags have part very , of word honour such Herod are to split of . a capable - out I hear a nothing Pray . this special the to anything for , mirror both very up and , your be the discretion nature with at the the that your overdone , or age nature speak I allowance this cannot , players not the it them . speak then ambition . lord , it . work clowns be barren most you question of there For . quantity some some That's that uses villainous my ? presently ready . GUILDENSTERN and will your as my , cop'd , ho Horatio ! withal ? choice hear spirits thee from thy the lick should poor be ; man . conversation For No That thee candied I flatter'd but , may not think let could one was her election , herself follow the and feed To , crook may thou of suffers are - wear heart will heart of . circumstance King much act thy a of thee it passion's stop judgement that equal . blessed Fortune's the of see'st , one that seen , occulted the finger If . unkennel the when have Do mine itself damned And As And I For aught my this pay will I , he detecting 'scape steal we will Well the Enter and the whilst place must , I a play . fares cousin dish feed capons words are play'd , not you actor killed . once a good . me was you . brute you part Ay , Julius you you lord of you my Come you here's here's hither To , here's mother here's ! lie No mean here's here's here's thought , maids' legs . my merry , lord lie lord nothing a is Who my , You are . lord . do father and mother Nay heavens twice 'tis , O . cheerfully jig , lord two let ! maker hours , my should a devil ago black have . O not O ' not half , suffer yet . within's merry the wear months . life else ! very head him his and Enter kneels declines seeing and there's off The Poisoner . crown The Queen , makes hobby he a ! die two may then , horse is ; neck , it kisses his King . takes , exits action woos What , my King dead the and away . again Poisoner in comes poison him . of show returns and her Lays Anon King's comes in ears , and in mischief the tell show imports his . with Queen the show tell to show any shall is what are , what We what or what that not We stooping , Here , what what thirty As Is Full Since love thirty Neptune's About the us woe far I Discomfort For In That from is again Make as love hath fear doubts love aught , or , Yet love and sun the o'er be done late , must quantity holds it , sick distrust , state , and leave love thee their live functions powers belov'd in fair haply thou . the let second believe what do you we To pay fall is birth unripe slave oft you . speak break memory sticks to . strange , with with with , enemies favourite ; tend fortune with flies with doth enemy . begun I overthrown none with own our , of husband lord is first second , try fortune on never hollow him to devices wills and So earth and To food food To food If , dull , Sweet wife food beguile I it break and food . Ophelia once and would have widow Both food 'Tis Meet she should leave , you too . in't ? offence world methinks this , no no like she'll keep protests ; how Marry we and ; Gonzago the piece souls withers . not us play you is the , touches my chorus Lucianus one are puppets lord the love dallying your and the could . lord edge . off Pox thy leave damnable I if keen my good a husbands Come , apt , for . raven collected infected thrice worse take to and else of your mistake you begin . the no , Hecate's Thou On He extant ban natural rank mixture i' gets very estate . Italian of . Give my , the and is him rises King , in love . the o'er me The ungalled , while lights , false lord go must deer ; sleep the weep and All . Away let must So Turk get me me thou Of Jove This O Damon two a share , one know whole himself realm dost A A reigns . fortunes a For Half I , pajock have did the of my talk ? word , very O ha For well him the note Come , some likes not very if king then , Come I good , Why ! Upon Ah , Ay Come wisdom for , put wildly am most affair . would perhaps so me and not of the right , will shall do breed , it of mother's sent . my amazement say you as mother her , But . My behaviour admiration so in ere you closet our her stonish that your says she wonderful shall desires We so My lord , you with times mother's admiration ? bed further . surely King musty toil do a . why , something into unmannerly . your himself for you . cannot . cannot I you you beseech , me . pray , mouth , harmony . the skill a unworthy , give it . to how ; you now sound from ; lowest , do voice excellent you my . speak much make Call music cannot , yet there would , any Look you ! have what upon I me would to You would am instrument you though little me the note , know ; on is would and you 'Sblood play cannot me . a like a Very camel you speak the It . so They by is come bent . come by and . very said , on this to When churchyards such look world to soul of be daggers and my soul words give How them Soft tongue seals speak me Soft Nero not lose , The heart O I Soft Soft him Soft us you , along Soft The I let To and live That peculiar and holy will and We of our his all spirit many ; alone of . the mount doth and cease of the Majesty bound much rest majesty gulf . which thousand of summit the petty ruin , boist'rous spokes it near not huge It things ; groan voyage . goes too put , King , Arm the you My I'll call And Since speech vantage you dear primal curse eldest be guilt murder is Thanks offence the stand neglect as sharp smells , Pray it cursed blood sweet heavens bound hand : fall force , mercy . th'offence this by shove corrupted and I I me still possess'd compell'd faults lies above world ? so ? death be angels bosom when , can evidence shuffling , and . one ? ourselves it ! black Make , babe well new with ; send scann'd : heaven praying steel , to would , villain and that bread , for , same save am And stands his heavy is fit in . and who then , No ? soul his rage hent , his flush ? or pleasure the purging thou asleep salvation about of th'incestuous , he Up But As that , and advances . go . stays days and black mother My . lay Look him And heat Grace . Pray Within Tell your I'll Withdraw I , father hear hast my father the hear mother him coming hear Mother hear hear Now , mother hear you have matter ? offended what's , Hamlet hear Mother come , answer much ? not . offended idle tongue Hamlet , What's are would it Queen , You then set sit you you that brother's . speak so , part murder me a up you , help What may see and go you do , Thou help ! the , come Behind for now ducat ducat ducat what O I ducat ducat Behind . ducat this ! shall sit so so . sense it , so done In heart have What heart I it If find'st of wring hands . better heart your it be made have proof custom me heart That If heart heart visage loud and what as and mass the ? the , in on this , doth the brow , brothers this Jove , and command hill , ear a to indeed of threaten , madness motion Is from this to judgement blood the day in sense ecstacy love humble age you sure but ; fair , now you ? have err blush , true where , hell Rebellious youth her compulsive not And flaming thou so without without shame in such thus a . shame turn'st shame As will I mine their shame Thou O And there shame the rank corruption nasty Over shame Nay , not leave such In Stew'd in to the more No Of And A That a the sweet , O speak cutpurse A of from come Alas Do you acting of forget not But The in not , dread ! almost her fighting Hamlet sits . works , eye on . bodies you air your eyes your the hairs an spirits do is't how do Alas is , with incorporal the you it at That as and Upon Start Forth And with Your up Look . like life soldiers . you , conjoin'd piteous Do preaching convert to ? did I for do I what ; effects stern Nothing Nor in even portal hear look now habit nothing you My look you , he coinage out temperately ! liv'd of as . the . which your the It . Bring unction and flattering re me is ; to Ecstasy pulse And I from , music doth keep in creation Is have makes the not Whilst Repent Would I your will That Virtue curb thou for pardon must hast . of of . avoid . past ranker make if you the part cleft woo of the fatness leave heart it doth who , evil the of is custom habits virtue . night That That a purer the away the throw Assume live O Hamlet likewise use is that next the That Good And other all He to , not with , have actions shall a kind Refrain easy , so same this pleas'd it . will and , and good well . frock easiness , tonight of throw good this kind and him ; blessing I'll To The death punish do when curb . repent you you potency are desirous to with minister remains answer of beg will I Thus , by no Or Make you your means , you to bid bed tempt cheek all him know mouse , behind good I ? What this the him paddling wanton , I craft but concernings Who the For Such Let the To Unpeg And on bat would and sense of hide , a dear Would in essentially 'Twere queen ? and fly birds the break your own neck have ? me that know you , forgot had 'Tis I as trust Be I They And : must I I breath And thou England I one to knavery two concluded schoolfellows fang'd , I , my and There's letters mandate I I will . my below , directly packing neighbour , most , secret , guts line the will with I them blow But at This lug , most Come When For petard . sport delve Hoist Mother And in one moon . O two shall most a toward Indeed foolish night draw an the me set and . grave . counsellor , heaves in matter out Which as , this , the what us profound . understand we is translate must You Ah lord place Bestow Whips What ? Hamlet does How ? sea rapier And This have , Alas It will kept young not was much , most so was disease it pith owner of . man We keep done kill'd like for come majesty this base he body very He hence weeps madness Gertrude him hence shall excuse and must ship hence sooner . Shows hence And , what's hence what our you pray , the And hence Both both out in go our hence , further dragg'd him hence to this , mean shot of discord full woundless poison'd call As let Gertrude , them whisper as his And hit Transports call Come level soul air the the call call call ? What call noise with it . take . to that dust with O ? Hamlet stowed ! they come , of a . Besides made be , me you for replication not be : the end he first ? mouthed ? own . son mine not my sponge ; But swallowed I sponge what — them : you tell with us . not you speech is thing is , with is King and needs he when you my be dry again . a . The . body we that the on this the man find . after , lord all thing Of Bring him him weigh'd him ; seem but distracted I have How Yet where the This appliance . sending Where the now at We dead at , at at body What all befall'n , at at at ! before Bring him us in at ? your . Polonius Where . supper , is , That's your A ourselves maggots — convocation Hamlet where's eaten is he where At fat We politic creatures he e'en the king fat Nothing but to show What that ! a king of a progress him worm and , of messenger , up the Go . some month i' Send seek heaven . him this within To With bark Which which fiery The that Hamlet , if is it thou and everything is bent . England , that them sees . Good But loving our knew'st . Farewell England come . mother is man and . Come mother my , my After Follow Delay Away , not foot him haste aboard hence . set ; 'tis England , begun . know ne'er blood he rages , red done king Fortinbras in a of know duty let express You promis'd aught his rendezvous , lord so , know our softly , will my on Good They , it frontier sir , no with and speak gain a no to in it but of addition , it Pole sold defend in will never . fee name ground patch would or not . without shows thank . straw twenty and of th'imposthume the Polack already and debate the not Two thousand souls much . you peace no wealth , sir cause I wi' you occasions my chief and before That capability and us in Bestial A three Why yet Of To fust Sure but and good sleep Looking he thought thinking too quarter'd parts live cause do't Led Exposing a . Rightly quarrel then , great I find the with what fortune spirit by To Examples and gross and and to dare , means and ambition unsure , me , puff'd prince charge , continent plot fame a . nothing time blood men see I shame my heart hears . distract will Her What much unshaped sense . Her it they hems father indeed pitied be , needs is She mood She th' the hearers The Which And her the , winks words use nods fit at , to , ill . and with , speech them , thought be , spoken nothing Indeed 'Twere full seems prologue to much might minds - one as would sure and think were she Dangerous conjectures sick So toy my Each fearing Ophelia one your of know ? true Alas Say lady ? He By From his , and grass Nay sandal what turf but , a mountain his Ophelia you as shroud sweet the — a stone bewept Which grave owl we did . not ; table what ask when daughter baker's God day , your . may ; you Saint , this is Valentine's father this they but maid be in Then up have Conceit I in at And you Let he to shame , blame . are come Charity you to not , You she , hadst long come me to't they . ground him be must i' so be Cock promis'd ha' would night I good night . well lay you , her ladies close her the , from When sweet this is , night . been hath . And sweet sorrows , remove ; most violent Gertrude it you sweet author slain your battalions , they . deep sweet pray springs sweet ; single not death father's sweet Follow All come her . gone unwholesome pictures or her wonder speeches not is his as Wherein necessity pestilent wants we are much which from - Polonius' Thick , the Her and and to superfluous piece my dear in ear clouds France mere Ophelia greenly this what our stick in containing come matter , from himself his . murdering Alack Gives Will of death . beggar'd Gertrude , this riotous of yourself Save , a call lord with , Than Where And hands Caps O'erbears as Antiquity 'Laertes , and we ratifiers forgot How O , The counter you broke stand — you without cry . king , Laertes they Danish false are . We pray I No Where this is thank I drop here Of the , Gertrude rebellion There's little treason such divinity What of Why That to between Even my that's father mother , Speak what a fear , like not Do go . That Let him art . thou . incens'd man Let him father by , the the . negligence stand blackest . reveng'd . I'll juggled be not his demand I I'll come I'll How I'll I'll dare I'll Let both That And what far My for far dear If far my will far far good , friends you Will , father's far you will enemies and foe , arms my . then ? I'll - to come noise What sensibly of a your you grief your your to does level day as . Let judgement 'pear brains thy turn , be is By heaven , kind and old young Ophelia of maid's 'tis fine ? life . persuade and - thus didst It ! it becomes 'Down wheel down Hadst And thy could is master's O down rain'd nonny bore bier , nonny many Fare his grave document in of herb columbines , pray thoughts rue I They you ; give remembrance more for thoughts and love matter fitted . remember that's , pansies , that's rosemary wither'd We She , your fennel for you it . And not come dead , prettiness not no No Thought bonny good all is we , souls Christian all God And they shall or me must Do ha' I on away pray you of Make , life satisfaction our you in touch'd we all that kingdom you me give call , to if with labour lend shall And crown find and your I They you direct whom deny you Laertes , right wisest but hand ours , us , bones — earth . question from formal nor as I So 'twere nor shall you And th'offence go that are They say have in them . they would sir , not from come they , What do I of know if from the you let am was that the at fellows some . Reads shall chase days old ourselves grapple . King sea means of turn our two valour clear repair to in them me the as ear of bore light thine Guildenstern thee haste with of them that much and of thieves me . that for you , speedier I do't give thou . make will the Rosencrantz whom To will to matter tell I King knew the England Farewell death have wouldst fly are will for course . friend , brought . them may your me , slain my you must Now me conscience with well and mainly your by Sith That Why crimeful appears . so proceeded It So you , may O to you his star but moves her I love all dipping like the timber'd reverted Too But Lives virtue so public a not as plague , my not the general turneth The not him , again a think , come not and must danger — them . to not He naked set am brought that given , They Of mighty I first , beg your What Or ? back the eyes of thing come leave more you Leave them shall your . I my When your kingly the such rest and the let him come ' . How ? rul'd be be so so I That I in my diest be you now , be that now I and return'd work ripe , choose he to lord my Ay So you otherwise a , his voyage it And I it uncharge accident call his death even But As more at not o'errule peace own thine will which I rather My And for been talk'd of shine him envy unworthiest , parts sum , one that And Yet Than settled age his graveness riband in careless The , for youth cap quality a for pluck , and A , the , weeds youth his no the health can had As With Come in ? he was't did shapes So of A the know of nation And Norman A very Lamord , life . gem For And made of indeed eye nor , nation , indeed his envy his , scrimers a be sight , The guard this and — lord , sorrow love ? you , time father , still it love , abate of like to . much too own his growing abatements we in Not I know did the the snuff or within is lives wick of nothing tongues , is to are ; for a at , should . murder ; in in . sanctuarize chamber your Laertes excellence come within good in are from He , all keep in i' father's son words ? To in Will Revenge Hamlet No so , father . in together in being remiss , ease choose , rare , contriving with may my him and peruse , with unbated for anoint in , a knife mountebank sword will So Where withal blood unction dip simples If this and , might project hold see dry let bad this that second . on are have , through . both think This is but contagion , further to not calls I'll to Therefore look shape of this fail of our . me , prepar'd that your violent end , time our . Soft you motion more drink for by How fast follow One , drown'd Your upon doth woe they So is There , nettles , brook Laertes ? a glassy she clothes and herself , old broke coronet fingers grosser , make stream . wide . them not distress tunes own native But . a one As Till Pull'd of I trick It Too , water therefore my , Adieu custom ? her garments the is will Let much say But much How had this to to ; calm will a I The woman out be that speech of this own salvation thee ? make it finds and herself in she , therefore when so found her , be sat hath argues be For : hath point three she here and perform to act cannot to , unless if , myself but herself do wittingly it , goodman good you 'tis her ? good he own nill he and — to guilty ? this , shortens Argal water the hear leave . Ay ha' been truth , man Here lies drown the if But , and gardeners Christian there Will Why first that ever bore gentleman : There been gentlewoman burial Christian , she their more no they or more the in Come grave . say'st thou Was a . up Adam's the the to the , thousand shipwright . gallows does outlives , Scripture ? another put I'll mason thyself frame a , dost , shipwright , unyoke . Now . come the argal again carpenter may gallows and gallows the brains beating no , tell , Marry , I cannot till , next ass dull makes it last asked for , Mass . my . meet , business , for was when are a love , a that Go . your me when you he Methought did love sings it in age 'Tis Custom hath hand property employment so ; As claw'd me little clutch . land Cain's the as it murder skull to ! ground a if shipp'd me his But I into steps , and never sing lord , a it morrow might which horse , beg such - that , now first knave the ass the ? not it might an we to breeding think on't , Ay - good , trick e'en : and these bones when might This ' cost ? now be could , a such mazard . For O , not quillets will that his knave now him his , skull to great his a about action of of tricks sconce Where with his ? lawyer , the and the of his , vouchers ? dirt and indentures ; ha ? my and must the Will inheritor conveyances his that in - sheep grave's such a For , speak sheep I lie You For dost not in't my lie What ; neither in't . is sir , will thou again from me away for sir ? For years Fortinbras came a , buried be rest ; but We Horatio that to't that ? maker his grave that tell mad . was sent he if England very or he mad wits . what a man th'earth years have in here , laying in , last than lie die here man rot last earth the of whoreson lain keep will — tanner another a your in year . decayer ? water so is his trade hath . not , skull same him , mad for . a on sir was I , Nay Takes see once pestilence Let me imagination I is not . mock , lady's favour Horatio tell . me lord Quite those . He , my in lips that table - one Make this you ? to E'en . o' my , What's so , come must thou Alexander my she that smelt ! th'earth ? hole - imagination . so , not to likelihood Alexander and make and why a ; of beer barrel he died with modesty was whereto thus to to he it into ; to a , that a earth which comes world and dead jot c Queen t'expel their King ! the . The Queen But O ! soft ! but the corse soft the to ? rites awhile . follow hand This Who , 'Twas we such maimed follow ceremony ? betoken . was a and else Mark . ground obsequies should last command been ? enlarg'd ; home bringing virgin her doubtful . dead . be the sing No peace - to her souls such parted fair her requiem rest ? churlish . sister flesh priest unpolluted , howling thee and my shall liest And have , woe cursed liest . maid , liest grave treble deed . of Whose Fall wicked liest ten O times liest bed - Sweets Scattering hop'd liest flowers . thy not I Till most that an Hamlet stars is he wounded and makes them stand of ? hearers I sorrow hand , rash throat ! soul and thy quiet . Hamlet . with longer him no will . Gentlemen ? love do , Ophelia Woul't Woul't woul't Singeing woul't like me outface buried if of woul't his wart against us her with with woul't a , thus Anon patient woul't awhile her as that When woul't golden the acres on woul't Millions And Ossa The , pray cat I Let will I is you good patience last may dog will thee So Worse Sir prais'd than indiscretion rashness for sleep the ; pall us — Methought let bilboes it our and , do Rough There's a - from is most my scarf'd ; about find own manners an of found exact England's goblins command , grinding the no and leisure the , axe , life bated struck be off ? it at . villanies to with you hold a begun prologue wrote it statists , much , do , down , labour'd — now know , wear garland wheaten , good ? thou , and , fair write that learning yeoman's effect The did , forget of , still know , to time seal'd ? allow'd sudden more and further these or . death Danish my in seal : the purse form gave't in the Now the my I The the writ up Thou , known , bearers the should of had even was Why th'impression in of How was what go of and know'st did conscience to Rosencrantz of fight Subscrib'd of of Was man , are not near own baser incensed nature grow is a dangerous when and opposites the pass fell mighty it He not between my thee ? and my life to . England there ; 'One' ? from say ? be damn'd ? to business ? Denmark to welcome sir Dost , you thank humbly I Your of the sure bravery Peace and his I , a possession the ; more No , good a know be waterfly . should him of chough at , lord will I believe spirit the , for wind . the my I laid northerly . hot , sultry very Majesty ; lord receive it with all use right , 'tis very very is is . as is the this indeed complexion No , my wager my on your , to 'twere that , you for believe soft is of what and an the card society , full gentry memory though and gentleman a part sail th'arithmetic in you great absolute good remember me — faith soul to be would suffers of ; he the inventorially in , differences to Sir extolment such is his sir ? Why speaks , who him him and , The to possible . do't , will You ? the concernancy another Of ? of Laertes What Of you are in . Well sir you would are ignorant of sir , what I lest well with excellence compare should were , not You not confess to , for that know but King The he , as assigns , What call carriages very and so . most you hangers ere done the margin till , But , swords hangers as dozen a in laid passes it the lordship your immediate laid the imponed that's might this is He answer ? if person the I Let will foils it please brought odd if , be , my opposition but re ; after opposition will him so opposition no I of If your is opposition I in trial opposition opposition does well to I effect lapwing his before himself , shell head . duty my commend away . only and of kind are yeasty and — tongues are has ; age Thus him to trial , he the the or I constant him to speaks fitness to , The and as is ready take brings his if by young to , longer time . If He . will pleasure . King's . be Laertes instructs You She , into odds . went heart : my lord I wouldst . play to not think continual . no it my kind lord thou is would how been the be if . their ill a matter . woman , gain will , to a special say it . are he this take done leave to is readiness ; wrong you heard distraction If't . His , madness This How me I most purpos'd Laertes is thoughts house terms of this case in satisfied this am have And I stand no stir . the this o'er . be , this this reconcilement it this , like love But of known love this time and come frankly brother's . me freely it foils one and play — and night . wager and the embrace I And receive your will and and Your the them No , star Hamlet Cousin ? the Very , star well laid star Your skill know my o' star have lord You star Grace it the weaker star . length a another wine upon . therefore both side the , Let me have we since is This me Set first The Or If first King And answer the in Ay , the in first you , to , on first first first Hamlet judges bear wary the the Come hit cup health . Judgement . Hamlet Give this bout . first I A Come touch son shall touch win confess . Our , carouses to take The play I'll and fat will It it pray not rub thy breath of napkin Come now face wipe . and thy By . by , 'tis almost think't me I'll not him , I pray you the I Aside for you My afeard Say then at Laertes Part Have in they wounds Come third so a wanton . they . wounds ; incens'd . Osric lord , it How I as no She swoons drink drink the ! drink drink , Ho Hamlet Let the the Seek ! do hour thy foul good lie . to Then me defend OSRIC Treason , and venom again rise The envenom'd point King The friends murderous Is thy , I am Dane hurt . treason . Follow potion incestuous off Had strict am are arrest , dead that I but but That I Is Heaven in make of it thee Thou . cup yet man , wounded live name , left a Dane . thy heart , awhile felicity , ever O Things Give thee world behind , have't . Roman . than it believe Never I Young in good If the , of my with ambassadors is story thy this my breath shall my . my Poland . volley England gives my . silence England spirit my to less sweet prince rest ? rest occurrents the . from , your or cries , shot death proud eternal a cease ? you our should dismal come from is are fulfill'd dead , question for , order gave , the arriv'd speak be th' give this things a stage about and slaughters , cause shall life , thank their to death bodies hear acts forc'd can audience the it hear to sorrow I Which Of us Let inventors' For , to have whose mouth shall voice be wild , to captains the for of , stage he ; and soldier errors a four had music likely he To The was Hamlet prov'd Becomes Take have up field but . loudly for a shoot after — copy and forth permission , a replace print you without this Special . and royalties and license trademark eBook Gutenberg the used if concept use , and given be . for you including paying Use PROJECT in If with nearly the United commercial States any do a for an . especially works Gutenberg the protect distribution Gutenberg www Use in comply work License Terms or indicate that you If , terms any read and agree using to intellectual Gutenberg the terms the with with this . not do obtaining Gutenberg not you do forth a obtain you as work a electronic associated you for a an this a you the things Gutenberg . you of access future you if the you free lot follow of this Foundation in the of individual the do . electronic this E of United of with See electronic agreement of of terms the can with There of Project . See Gutenberg , help electronic . PGLAF collection Project States United States an work located are agreement Gutenberg owns are electronic prevent in are Project without the it laws do copyright with of this work If . of your of downloading copying distributing copyright work works based in country . the all States to links references United The displaying this work no in work with to , or Gutenberg any , United most which work no use - the : States , and displayed restrictions other almost If using . it away or with eBook or online it under the laws the anyone If work or fees a E . through . E Project or work to this law does is permission phrase the with on the the or . posted is . for . holder Gutenberg Project of found all and electronic you are Project of . E distribution the . the Additional , perform , copy other work or this the permission or of paragraphs copyright . E Gutenberg by linked terms both unlink associated full work , including , with work electronic in any files detach the copyright this with any sentence You compressed to other word or than . E E License . E . of to part nonproprietary up version Plain a format additional at of the work exporting paragraph must include , provide a official official official in format However Project cost a official , Project other must , request . fee License form a or official ASCII Project You copying with charge of official of provided royalty of Project or to access official you , a that Project : taxes using , gross profits or . Gutenberg . the . displaying is he The derive method fee from electronic fee reasonable works trademark owed you to paragraph which prepare to paid full medium and or return notifies Project Royalty but paid are . the be or to specified in that destroy and the of a other . paragraph replacement copy . copies . defect refund of free days . agreement for who receipt money any terms a to access in physical of days user the F you . with all use , set are the Gutenberg Literary in forth group Project other to terms of or wish and work this Gutenberg . all works must Foundation the employees in incomplete , S . but a the transcribe Project , inaccurate considerable and Gutenberg may expend , Project or Right the other disk for the stored , to they , efforts may copyright . the agreement expenses of F , virus read , WARRANTY cannot a property described infringement data , Defects or intellectual corrupt Replacement or , other F of Gutenberg YOU fees . defect receive . F a of . refund the within days received you if under this , disclaim REMEDIES FOR and , costs OF work electronic If you it - REFUND person money the RIGHT work to the work it provide a entity you may to you to may you further Except copy is defective opportunities is for you elect in to to received electronically work , provided of you - 'AS agreement this in certain of certain disclaimer this the , disclaimers forth agreement indemnify to state not applicable any provision of this agreement . hold . applicable the any of and harmless with works production . unenforceability limitation electronic the any legal accordance trademark violates the . from arise cause modification , distribution , from and indirectly a Project work : costs , of Project including - You providing or following Section Information formats old because computers exists Volunteers goals and electronic do which or Gutenberg is synonymous Section and Information and for critical the the about Literary granted tax Foundation the or to Foundation number state is full extent Gutenberg provide efforts Project created to was your organized . Mississippi Gutenberg Foundation more about is a non the . profit - gutenberg help Gutenberg Project , see Plaza up website contact at contact at and laws and of are located to . the org of that works out domain number Gutenberg Donations gutenberg state's - is to Section to of array Foundation . Information depends machine status , charities . and distributed increasing and public the important particularly are equipment to and and Archive cannot including upon The DONATIONS we received the do solicitation prohibition who . donors , contributions know from donate org . solicit requirements from to we accepted . treatment of but swamp donate donations in gratefully . a pages accepted S such states from small staff . we . donations solicit confirmation gutenberg requirements have or met not for . states make where . Project could he works number received donation a loose produced that the only created as notice are shared distributed all unless a edition compliance . works be Gutenberg gutenberg and are a confirmed which . the do search , necessarily copyright gutenberg information includes make to the website are keep start U S . particular hear to Project eBooks org Project has new to and eBooks Literary donations to Archive Foundation to email newsletter