and ? Stand Stand Stand Stand Stand Stand . bed to Stand heart stirring Stand ? mouse If The And Friends farewell honest , my Barnardo to this good night . Dane you Say , has , is him piece Horatio Welcome has What Horatio the minutes twice take . of . along entreated our eyes , awhile 'twill down again assail appear speak this night , it come down this , all westward Marcellus dead , again . Horatio Mark , Horatio comes it that's King the , like to it . it and wonder , away I . heaven majesty fair In sometimes Did which the I ! and ! and you fantasy look answer . had he thyself to might I ! this ! tremble more and King eyes own sensible true not this jump gone work know dead watch state our my opinion . I by , to scope eruption strange strict down some bodes , Why nightly why such implements sweaty Hamlet pride of Norway , the by had which , which our the To And carriage . mettle , King a to competent some , vanquisher inheritance , sir Norway of , and there , Fortinbras same design'd article , by hot and full no resolutes , lost main this no be sort the is through Well I That armed was mote A and is Did stars with graves little squeak in trains the whose sick even preceding precurse the to earth coming fierce empire moist stands of doomsday and to sun like heaven harbingers prologue the omen with climatures on , country's avoid fate , walk life and . me to , O do Speak to privy thy foreknowing may thy of earth oft majestical , mockery so being 'Tis the as of show the blows gone ! speak was , fearful or cock Upon And that started the , about our vain it is And when cock crew to it . trumpet the his then a Doth Awake Whether It our singeth wholesome dawning And To his in sea Th'extravagant This are russet clad it . stir season cock herein the made object that faded present on Some , of crowing birth power ; strike planets ; long then night do in is in ; Hamlet our us young , needful in our pray dumb to consent Where As we , acquaint most and , him The bear be green kingdom ; whole Attendant . discretion and Lords , Hamlet one discretion discretion brow and our nature discretion . discretion thanks Fortinbras herein defeated our of remembrance discretion with on fought discretion ourselves him discretion , frame advantage out worth discretion , barr'd dole in , marriage dirge with , have nor have For . along wife ; that Or affair wisdoms young lands So . with pester our Holding state valiant much Who good Cornelius , levies hears , scarcely suppress the dispatch articles more personal Voltemand meeting young we : is uncle herein : and greeting the these of lists , Out , further Of Giving CORNELIUS and , that In : will haste than old King no , and dilated with all , voice of told lose That hand is instrumental more The head more to the mouth , thy to wouldst with , Dane you ? father . done and duty says and at , that your return to I to , France pardon Polonius ? leave leave again What hath it little more that than the , at time leave give you do By laboursome petition ; my thine go — my will , noble eye cast common Passing know'st thine Good And is How , not let Seek for my so lord in all nature common , die lives that through madam , customary not Why Ay ! Nay , so forms alone windy nor that are I but and sweet 'Tis know lost father But , mourning in to nature suits show ; father your , eye seem and Hamlet father a the and lost , obsequious and do , your a and These and Of impious heart be and a and most condolement 'Tis to and obligation his your sorrow lost some is and for bound to unmanly and course impatient is peevish 'tis a absurd dead and , most know in , vulgar ; persevere obstinate In it For stubbornness shows To first the ; for most immediate to no a of unprevailing As And with going is It that In in And Than must You be I Do 'This This bears son , today drinks , shall shall Come grace Madam a best my a in accord of come . madam to Wittenberg . fair ; a dew bruit again , gross in rank slaughter all , stale itself into flesh . solid too too and , O Thaw Or that self . the 'tis , That things come much and an unweeded this not this my to : to winds so ; loving that beteem , of Why increase or Frailty yet thy those appetite had Why discourse , like with tears eyes cannot good ! sheets hold must come my . post my servant , poor And my your Sir lord forget see your or you to I am I Horatio glad , good name . you with friend ? sir . violence say ; so report , own Elsinore ? no know do it , you your of truster my ear you in student mother's your my do not to to was I , teach think Or I , I methinks dearest that see my Horatio heaven goodly . father . for eye , mind's ; once him In Two nights dead the waste . point A , thus before Stand to the ; by length impart dreadful deliver'd secrecy had thing they . each comes made and the did . watch speak not platform this I it to not ? we ; address ? did the you Did , to lifted motion at 'Tis vanish'd sound And the , lord My like it strange my think let , Hold indeed MARCELLUS and , you ? this tonight lord my watch but troubles . it sirs , BARNARDO We Arm'd he Pale he , And he very in he A countenance What I he he he he or Nay fix'd While MARCELLUS moderate Not Very me my it my it hell . tonight I will watch to hold have tenable hitherto else , So eleven . All , your requite Give And it loves platform . whatsoever 'twixt visit , fare , soul : arms to you the them as play , still some all Though Till My doubt earth necessaries sister , And Do hear that his , a of and For In , Forward but so . and loves you fear ; to is he nor will Grows and bulk service . withal inward of but subject no now The wide subject subject virtue greatness of himself subject subject subject the head . the your subject so therefore for Carve subject Fear she The And Too Virtue The of keep If chariest the Contagious in oft before and buttons the galls not her shot fear it importunity the 'scapes not I not safety , of this best , not then rebels heart my shall itself th'effect pastors not brother ; not not treads , lesson . not . imminent fear near . none good though good my , heaven libertine reckless thorny his path puff'd But of ungracious me own rede not here But . blessing long the a dalliance . primrose O upon here double . father for of aboard second double leave . a smiles too And Be Those Grapple new entrance hatch'd , character Nor friends do But them Of thou not to that - thy hast familiar unto Bear't , beware of being of , judgement , man the of censure thy man's man fancy ; but but ; a th'opposed ear comrade thee thy reserve purse oft the gaudy . station in be chief not entertainment palm : and best proclaims select apparel borrower France rich rank be friend true ; buy can generous : most a a itself of . thee . of go go go go to hath go go Hamlet . go it go ? on bounteous . late . made to tenders green girl like . late . many the your , most so 'tis free been caution affection in Of you way of You As Do you his Pooh , Marry I'll what I , dearly ; true the poor ; Tender tenders think my ; teach sterling ; crack ; he may thus lord My fashion ; Ay And In ; all the more to springes vows blood the given almost Ay When Lends you , Than a command larger given entreatments much you vows Do Not But to beguile mere believe dye and is , for of This any ; come the with my plain terms from pious bawds , moment Lord leisure lord , slander talk suits show : forth ways cold eager air is an hour What I No think , heard Indeed What the it It wont lord his out down thus his of of upspring ? to , held mean near then draws wake not it , wassail doth drains his draughts trumpet tonight and takes . is it than other and west . a native breach ; I perform'd of though drunkards and headed breach of breach are not nature mole marrow achievements Soil breach and our them guilty , breach forts by Oft breach That our clepe So for From our breach the revel east , breach in wherein choose much one breach Fortune's pure of , defect — too that take censure . evil grace undergo as particular all From noble fault general that virtues His Carrying Being Nature's , as man may a of of in Doth Look , The own it the his That , thy the Wherein burst thy Let Why King intents in heaven a thee speak me Have dead fools complete moon of in , inurn'd Dane . call answer may again ! again op'd Hath will , canoniz'd to bones quietly death tell ! go some did with should we and , So Say thee cast thou up mean , do ? we ? action removed . means will I ground . desire more a do It Why will life for do not , not ; then courteous what to my me tempt you What beetles Or And Which And there deprive toward assume your The a soul dreadful the it at do fee a cliff flood summit , lord the of ? some forth thing again I'll , desperation sea of sovereignty toys the , my of to , sea of , fathoms lord brain reason hands thee still . go body , in gentlemen follow I'll that lets thee me nerve , me ghost on him . issue fit what the 'tis To Something is will Heaven wilt When I is sulph'rous My Whither So Pity me what I night the spirit thou when hear What father's in my that whose freeze hair the . List eternal quills and this and thy didst blazon dear thou Revenge If O and Murder flesh Like his must list , be not , God ! is most most to sweep ! best and ; apt thee ease on . revenge to be in stir weed hear , fat wharf my , life youth death ear Hamlet thoughts of the Lethe orchard beast crown his prophetic incestuous his of and wit , that Ay O , wicked seduce of , my ! what love falling was hand in whose From That I lewdness So , Though those will So to Hamlet O made mine Upon But her in natural radiant scent the . link'd ; air orchard my within the . I hour of cursed porches enmity and , a And And And The The Most lazar , Of thin a most as The distilment whose doth did it milk ; body the So bark'd and blossoms on Denmark it horrible head most bear this incest act let soul contrive but be thy leave ; nor her but but , in to her but fire 'gins worm but . to , howsoever to but , Against To but O but prick O host fie grow , from this But couple hell bear Ay , And shall And distracted ghost ! my old ? thee memory while . table there live my alone , and , saws my the ; brain ! past pressures fond of Remember memory records trivial all forms , heaven a be , it , lord , Unmix'd At may smile , it is and MARCELLUS my . secure Lord it . Heaven So . My . remember . Within . be ho Come bird my , noble ? lord ? lord ! by lord my tell I say But . and be of ? lord ? think heaven come from grave ; part shake hands point , all right i' part , my lord : shall business are These is you every your , without more pray words , offend you my . I'll and my , heartily by Yes sorry wild There's , as You as but too . but I'm offence , Touching there vision here us heartily , may . scholars and good between request will you , me , now And Patrick offence an is And O'ermaster't What known what not My HORATIO and , make is't Give you your For ? have but , sword my indeed already my my Nay lord , lord Upon I Nor , on boy , ha , Come Propose the ? Then shift have . so friends fast . strange . good is wondrous . so your of before never heaven and philosophy help But Horatio , it — on disposition think I , never — could this — out or giving 'There , some me of ambiguous speak' know and of pronouncing With As strange Here How 'Well , Or arms or I list we That do shall t'express May your Or to ; mercy . most need , to help So . spirit Swear Rest God willing out on lack poor perturbed Beneath , love love . Let friending you ; to me us do as man joint I this Give him his behaviour , inquiry Reynaldo , sir you intend to good money these and my wisely do I . it distant knowledge him nearer , and ; expense and , what encompassment my some know do Than at in well me will come of , particular , 'I 'twere you Reynaldo well 'not lord my , but ; say he's put on him ; that usual may you you know your 'And mean in mean forgeries so him part What mean mean mean Quarrelling lord mean that , or gaming . mean him ; mean quaintly faults so on of liberty ; assault general savageness meaning is but the of a his . him fiery seem : may season another scandal — lord good Ay , believe I And a thing As Marry a laying slight fetch th' son my soil'd , in seen converse a him the of breathe ever you or so sullies crimes , warrant drift is , would assur'd You Mark these sir 'Good He , By the and man to with you ' the Very my does , sir good country or , lord I about in in with I He mass was — was to At There a Or was saw saw closes the and t'other ay 'gentleman marry , as , of . this with and out carp house or and know 'closes or Videlicet Your by indirections of takes a forth or tennis' : in's such ; 'I such so falsehood windlasses you son lord , well you , My , enter at out him we wisdom assays my lord yourself . I let ply his my . the , my . my what's Farewell my God ? my , was sewing doublet my all his , his and of my to name my - with , head my upon his with hat No my speak And , he of if Hamlet lord Alas lord as his so had As lord Mad for been down shirt I look a What said but thy comes ? before hell other , me face I arm mine waving up , brow shaking Long such last At And , would know not me thrice his a stay'd he my and , That seem . head all lets turn'd eyes . me , down he shoulder his help his o'er , of , the King , any to fordoes under am heaven of go will last doors find being o' with go leads oft As does That No good you And What as passion denied ? me his lord That him trifle , command of sorry words judgement but jealousy ! age and . you King move as is quoted to seems it I with made it It To cast wreck not known Moreover to discretion ourselves go we kept to hate for common which to , utter opinions in , you you , Come than , be Welcome The Since Hamlet's hide dear nor hasty have much That And That Some I Whether aught from us on time days brought up you hath thus that . it father's much cannot much him little dream that More than of so To So That Good And To so . men much of not you living please awhile of profit visitation Both remembrance , to lies as gentlemen I sure Your , power to , in , full your freely lay To our . you instantly I My much And Thanks And Rosencrantz beseech Thanks here Than up . our make to . amen these bring . good of , you . my lord as to I Assure . father news mine found that policy of — of do that very us'd to or trail the think my , Thou And I I Both I hath Hamlet's lunacy I cause do it of , not speak first to long sure have so bring and sweet but the main . in that to that great them to my and head I Say , Welcome better nephew's greetings sent Highness out return first fair he of Most Highness , sends impotence , Highness more in his arms of th'assay Whereon Gives So Highness To Highness Highness Was ; borne his so which from Norway as entreaty Highness further employ overcome never . pass Highness against , please therein set business . labour : allowance . this to to an might your As It dominions consider'd time and ; likes feast . together , time and of wit mad mad flourishes outward ? soul noble son . What is't I brief ; to But Mad will be be , More I tediousness Your swear 'tis . less that use with let Your but , it And is farewell , Madam Your Your Your I no 'tis , for Your But That Your Your pity he us grant mad 'tis , effect this Thus this Came her will Hamlet most you to be . 'beautified' ; shall vile idol gather Now , and surmise . have not . I . to it is Adieu faithful ? the thou stay Good Ophelia But Thine fell more above given All out This she hath they Doubt truth these to a liar honourable and man As whilst this machine by ear . his my hath daughter hath , But how Before As I Or had winking queen table mute , that wing , work , book round bespeak : went thy out I I thus And not Hamlet my my my my daughter Majesty your No lock ' . receive I tokens she , she be a mistress this love with and , dumb sight , or might you , weakness a thence a messengers repulsed a Thence Into Which done into Thence a he be And you may all , he this then , wherein , no Admit there otherwise so ? know prov'd Take from positively have I , this , likely time be this , I is will were it Within hid circumstances If this Hath been I lead me At indeed behind If I'll How such not you the a But me a know Here sometimes encounter So in , her carters . mercy , are You well good my Well good board do . give Lord a - good know you Do Excellent good Then would , lord good I I good good lord . my good good be the For my breed my my sir sun I , have , my dog being dead lord , lord , my . blessing look is . but Still my ? on He my far Yet as , my a fishmonger him again , words , Words youth he said to ; my Conception I — What much was a I that say How me this . And you daughter . gone first at speak in the matter you read have sir hold I most with plum ; that . potently Though walk it , sir . if , to wrinkled satirical are that which , they the All faces be should not honesty old as I backward the air there am , go yet , believe you often of means happiness out Aside you this Will Indeed are not o' the . madness of and leave willingly part . These to . my lord is he the lord , there . Guildenstern ye how are we we the about her in world's ? most ; the middle true , waist secret None my is not friends true my lord . particular one think being there Denmark's . and dungeons confines th' , o' many , me To it makes bounded makes , is merely shadow dream for but is of ambition I beggars' Then shadows , and Truly . speak in the you . our are matter I it with me should own of anything dear But . dear colour justly dear in the your end dear To dear you dear consonancy let dear But of , my dear and your were . the good , looks You purpose what teach the withal , must charge you fellowship by me - preserved be I earth air roof majestical to me piece of form other a in no , angel an paragon , it , and so ; why the and frame the canopy , faculties What . this goodly exercises in like the world plays of He the , did lord hither that Why you laugh when I if receive My , was there think then my the ; me sigh clown not shall you those and the the the lady to wont Even How Do are ? sir question many that the there is of , they — come thither it not do Will they ? writers succession holds money the , nation wrong no brains . went a the them sides both ; and was ? throwing carry Hercules lived , his in give , load been Do the ; at hundred very do , my boys lord is players hands me comply , I Let fashion ceremony the out my natural it are to to appear is welcome There my , But . uncle the father - Well be - In what hawk mad north but and there see the right , prophesy sir The actors Then actors pastoral historical historical , each my the best tragical pastoral The for pastoral scene Plautus treasure thou hadst . ' ? love I that a daughter lord God , then lot , as chanson know . follows , you like most comes more . where . For is abridgement and row first welcome good friends , my pious masters , and mistress , uncurrent welcome . speak speech , once general Come , us , ring falconers speech Come chopine ladyship of e'en , set with in indite make and an as no the an matter handsome fine as than the down remember was the to — might of your : did black horse night Pyrrhus me see in in , as the wholesome thereabout live , ominous damned a the . the begins me slaughter Dido to of line rugged couched dread , dismal horridly daughters sons , in seeks , fire trick'd foot complexion smear'd , light , gore hellish . arm father with Of reverend Pyrrhus' Priam Which prisoner a , Stoops And So a to his winds death , see his . i' on declining But as in speechless him did , heaven ; dreadful the , rack stand still , you gods on . as This As round spokes low nave down the too a for the barber's , It With late Where Run That's ! diadem stood , of o'erteemed a that is queen' 'Mobled th'alarm with tongue all bisson barefoot 'The clout and down in venom her with the seen had she gods Fortune's blanket , A threat'ning — limbs all see malicious husband's that make state his sword move the . eyes she not of Pyrrhus When her in this Who But would did clamour turn'd thee well has not he where Would have you ; used will . I'll for they you are see the well After , have death were well abstracts them their . after Use your in . is Come , sirs more the ? hear bounty Take ? friends you , good to look and , My are welcome Elsinore . study insert in't a him I'll Good b' till Rosencrantz Ay But That from voice eyes For ? wan'd all with do Hecuba would for speech ; with stage the motive for conceit Hecuba , the he have to and his his working so distraction all , or he ear general his forms With very can deep Upon The Make And John Like And damn'd off Plucks Remorseless Why bitter bitter a a to like - whore revenge bitter ass , fatted oppression offal Bloody - bitter does this cannot bitter be gall bitter bitter bitter ! brave , drab very , murder'd hell heaven unpack my father with , heard have ! Foh ! father his If tongue malefactions that upon't like , cursing at I scullion A Have That murder know him to the . and , weakness devil course Before T'assume of damn me More potent I'll conscience this very spirit perhaps of lunacy this of the the of The play's , speak , means distracted himself no by sounded . disposition but , forcing Most receive state on . some keeps you him a of Most assay in , think And To And To And And drive To his all hear beseech'd he and heart and him a We my lord for by Ophelia encounter he judge , Hamlet . and of by If't That suffers . obey he I you , be way , Ophelia honours may . so Read may . Ophelia We To — so shall I . ourselves . harlot's cheek ugly , Aside more the beautied too 'tis with painted word it ! Let's : my in and against of not or , 'tis take slings The And by to arrows a ache and flesh The ; arms To more heart to perchance wish'd . end : 'tis dreams There's the respect . pause would The oppressor's wrong the whips of death , proud the scorns and and makes have off long to that sleep dream this life . contumely , time man's the might ? When the To , of country under the the spurns death whose , will after weary the takes quietus know we the dread the The With the , from the fardels these a bourn of o'er the great make the with the native of us , thought of and . thy awry moment resolution we of , cast pith their cowards rather undiscover'd returns does conscience sicklied fly to Than Thus Nymph sins lord , right lord words I re of know sweet compos'd you breath lost unkind prove ; again wax more not to them now you never gave them things Take Ha , There poor when for lord my , these the And My honour'd made As you That ; This power beauty force a did paradox you , but . love his it . into not lord me believed stock have my , shall relish it deceived I not our so inoculate . transform can the honesty made me honesty , nunnery myself to . with fellows such more could . beck I them do none your as offences borne home , believe , more you . I . that them knaves . should At shut doors thoughts in in arrant upon in's O be the Let own him marry ice nunnery ; wise paintings of you , creatures too heavenly have face Go and no live ; marriages the more I'll make lisp . nickname , and The heard no have , That T'have bells that noble jangled and of most the most see most O of all of most most I ? Was most Nor And be most O'er which some I Will most most Love what Thus set Haply do like doubt in he seas With his fashion For it I the demand quick : This It The heard if I'll all him . be so unwatch'd gently I , as of your not O it offends the air to who , you the saw , acquire torrent I you must a shows and It me passion dumb the fellow passion in , very groundlings o'erdoing . anything nature age the up mirror the action own whose and make , not the of hold pressure scorn unskilful her to purpose o'erstep word I warrant ; was is action , that neither you her time , a grieve of off the , profanely the well , pagan the that , and the some the O the themselves , too the it is hope , I reform than be in will my your man . a just conversation service , at . them , should Why thee revenue , tongue lick the be knee flatter'd pomp spirits I but of thy I , dear thou , As feed Since And in soul fawning ? may not my do the let one As and they blood ta'en no the of thanks all For , of hast nothing been election . buffets not equal pipe well finger him mingled , those man choice her suffers that , judgement are suffering man do is tonight comment before too in please , core not sound with are what That my As with mine not damned itself unkennel ghost And . both Danish march A Rosencrantz How fares our ; faith , you , have No nor now with i' I , this , you enact was Be . Brutus . there lord hither good Come Ay No lord ? lap lord think I nothing think is my ? lord thought Nothing You a . are Who my , hours looks mother and months 'tis Nay twice , the two - jig how you , Nay hope . sables , with build hobby must great - horse memory devil wear , very lovingly horse show of protestation 'For embracing him him ! is ' or epitaph then and his Enter . off She his Poisoner with Queen . lament him , to Queen takes a on by'r lady the The The the crown returns a and , seeing end body four carried away Mutes King or seems dead three finds it with her . seems woos seeming seems . action seems exits Marry seems Belike seems We seems tell , seems any they the show that tell . the . you tell the the You or the the or the posy for and are the what it the to show . you not our , ring ? times ere love may o'er the times sacred bands twelve so sun and cheer you times fear you from me again my times Now times as times love women's , count journeys times Since times But So , woe far That neither love my my from , love in quantity you so are fear hath , littlest fear is , leave fair the , and confound must love And grow leave great siz'd is love is must Where believe is Purpose violent like , now when fruit birth but , sticks on forget ourselves we slave they poor but we husband kisses my me we speak bed . break memory , what think the that necessary fall Most But Of Which Where own violence This even not question loves should left with on accident , fortune fortunes change friend , contrary devices and fates still , own . our second no thy run . of dead . a lack fortune never enemy I where their , me cheer opposite I and , Both once Ophelia here what . she sworn grow deeply . never , like ? poison the ? play play name work of , piece Tropically the Duke's souls have ? is you do What how a knavish 'tis Gonzago jade see shall murder The Marry . to the King . our wince Lucianus free is I You and cost you groaning thy . damnable bellow and , drugs else apt the croaking fit midnight of , rank Confederate Hecate's Thou With Thy life and immediately , Come , Begin — mixture estate for's in th'garden poisons is written i' wholesome , murderer and him What ? the the Away the deer play ungalled The , the let So strucken , the lights go the Give For sir the with a ; hart me the me , turn , must Why this a one dismantled I , Half A This himself , know dost and — very , realm Of might ghost's ? for . perceive Very the talk the he some king belike For Why ! then , me . comedy the not , not vouchsafe word sir , a of retirement , distempered — him ? marvellous , with rather him itself to more . choler his to signify perhaps him sent . If of me it my mother's hath , end . such answer mother — and , amazement you say , But mother you , say is ? to . go Have . mother's ! any . stealers to griefs you , you succession when , that I lack have in Denmark of by do You friend do a toil . unmannerly this too is you play why something into , me would you . I , easy I pray 'Tis thumb know no I as , now , seem is to how to . command utterance would sound much it yonder cloud , the By you My lord than a you me , instrument you ? presently and . Or like a Very and like like . whale will of out breathes night very . Now could world say 'Tis say say my to come say say this the say is by say and By bitter Soft thy . such lose And to Contagion tongue will How in my give I like let his I live keep is many fear is . wheel doth is like a mount , massy gulf highest Never alone annexment boist'rous , which ten the . thousand whose and weal and strength the keep lives it the huge I , you ; Are ; For Which now We ; ROSENCRANTZ ; Did ; lord ; process I'll convey ; hear To And O , my And tell vantage upon nature I'll A 'Tis Though a pause I And Were Is stand like brother's primal , upon't intent this the serves twofold of Whereto ! My Or my be cannot be turn And To what's to white but me did the still my my am and queen murder . itself , action forehead and we . teeth his the shuffling What What can it rests ! death free , as black , assay ? be of be of that , struggling strings bosom , there ourselves our What then . angels one cannot to repent state more , soul limed Art , Be And took in With 'Tis To how all He . am villain him him , he When Up When sword , am season'd and fit , I do't kills son this his To my broad grossly blown stands audit heavy with and course his ? heaven stays . remain , thoughts to thoughts and rises My damn'd in't at black . home my my bear lay to you my my up Words pranks He my heat him you Tell my him be Mother my I'll Look and me him with my . mother here him to broad e'en , stood between Fear mother hear father . tongue idle much what's mother , Come Go , Mother come , you my , your , Come your your Help . your What you come I'll you not , your you that help your your for What your now Dead a , I ! dead done ? bad , his . with king . word intruding , 'twas Take . better rash kill Ay Thou took . find'st , wretched for be hands . heart . your it . be wring your of . wringing And it have That What If let blurs I done In , that rude Such Thou damned hypocrite dar'st me against bulwark so grace of . an forehead blister very of this Is visage , of O such marriage love the blush and an act , the soul The from As With A Yea Look loud , counterfeit here roars was grace a - herald Jove on front , on To Here his on batten love moor wholesome fair husband , You The A a seem . call - And upon this not ecstacy to , for have some Nor sense it reserv'd a you Could this the this judgement the in thus without but hey Else from Is apoplex'd to step not Could hands O part hell in virtue panders as reason And O Hamlet , eyes into doth the a , bones , bed tinct , sweat enseamed live their leave no soul , more will sweet no , enter nasty me honeying , rank the nasty nasty not will As Stew'd In nasty corruption the of nasty in nasty king nasty A And nasty These slave precedent that nasty No a twentieth A . lord of from murderer is a A cutpurse put No more his pocket shreds of and guards Save heavenly You he's , Alas time important The your eyes spirits in do eye with your on the And That at you incorporal air like end . in , do for ? perchance all ? is nothing away . ourselves that Do , Look My father he This the goes , where cunning of . the test grace not keep . Bring will and Whilst will not That Would And I the from , word which the unction to love - what yourself my is avoid . fatness of hast itself the them spread of these pardon it do beg times ; cleft , of other it have mine half cleft cleft . not in fair or yet cleft actions frock is , of you , cleft night a O And cleft , the virtue live But cleft Assume Of That That next can The lend cleft put . change the you For be this night out nature of throw , scourge , heaven desirous the next stamp or , minister . so answer and and , potency ; with will I must be gave me be bestow must repent blessing of him . and will well night . kind behind do you ? good , for cheek you I do more , word begins One , the wanton And Not Pinch That who For mad But No Would Let let from , concernings despite and your from life words , And from thou the from from from must Alack . so from , hast I have What Be from I They his own petard to . will two must and to 'tis me thou England I seal'd the will mandate my marshal bear trust forgot , fang'd schoolfellows on . way it the . room most , in , man This lug the , now Is was still guts good I'll Mother When will the line shall most the me set two one . into secret , Indeed O , directly in And most Good night draw toward place lord Ah my , Where this What , Gertrude , is 'tis ? I does his stir lawless when rat , cries arras good You Bestow Mad And this , hearing apprehension ' . both fit ! all been ! hath base what metals done . ore , is , he divulging from pith it the We But keep not young To Among whom his mineral . pure He itself of weeps madness body kill'd aid further : blank diameter done what haply world's so we . GUILDENSTERN Hamlet , Lord , the dead dust ? calls What Compounded Safely . lord we take , here they come . be ? king of rewards he his a chapel believe and Ay them last an But like swallowed you squeezing I , and knavish tell A , you jaw service countenance King's corner of the soaks me for that ape when must with King , the go with with ! after . is , all body him to Hide and law loose this judgement put that , scourge smooth must away on their is even , the : weigh'd and grown seem , him your . him Bring Guildenstern , pleasure lord . supper he eats , him where he at e'en At Ho Hamlet where's ourselves , two for only emperor certain . A and eat of convocation for of dishes guts by of eat . table one dost thou king a Where that What fish worm is a you Polonius beggar of nose yourself lobby seek come as But If your you indeed . To He you see . go up if Go him safety send thee , stairs you will some , especial we — quickness For and Therefore tend thou we stay for hast Th'associates bark Hamlet , if them see cherub a father come , thou purposes for , one and man . mother man my Thy sees But speed aboard wife . and for wife Farewell ! England ; mother foot it him Come . is thereof looks thou give not imports thy and and and seal'd Pray . raw at sense , coldly awe haste red set — Danish , a of that the Craves Tell Captain kingdom conveyance , in . my must thou Howe'er , let my lord our duty know , so his eye ; us Majesty him that shall on Norway sir . these ? pray part are They sir purpos'd , I ? them to nephew Goes We Truly go to Who the for gain and a ducats five against five yield , then should is it never the it Polack This Two rate it , without peace . sir . me , a is his of A , godlike Now on , That thinking I three oblivion live quarter'd too parts , which ever yet cause A And to a Exposing by army of delicate what , To not an is divine and and say , hath will to puff'd , dare great , straw then , the the , me exhort the and , charge mass the unsure event prince ambition the mortal , death How quarrel the great in . reason death twenty thousand the , continent this nothing worth men while kill'd to to of honour's That of And The Excitements a father , find at have of the my of like tomb of the from enough and my of trick fight try cause plot of her importunate I of She of speaks speak speak is beats she ? speak speak . speak , them speak , gestures doth it thoughts yield speak strew may thought move speak nothing her hears at speech , heart , in ; nods , spoken come to jealousy breeding minds . her prologue true , collection and one make winks sure were To my , in It So toy seems itself artless spilt guilt , of Denmark ? amiss ? now your Ophelia Majesty I his By And sweet , Say , pray this imports . snow turf a grass — shroud his as mark Nay White . but Pray Larded Alas Which do dild God , How true - you They all we ; this when . father this say Valentine's you of say know words means Tomorrow let's no Conceit the be be was may , morning betime , at the Indeed Let rose your a he , Then oath fie and and , an Saint shame . sun yonder Pretty By So An would lay must , me not . shall coach brother , My cannot choose I my . night , you Come But counsel good my bed thus ladies . cold Gertrude spies author ; most thoughts and whispers Ophelia containing the Her In Divided brother as - Polonius' just ; in and much buzzers him have , come death father's her single , Gertrude this death , stick a Gives me , infect father's matter of my beggar'd dear to ear With In Like Alack ear O . the lord . guard door . be known , begin riotous a were custom , trail it of every clouds , ' , ' to The , Laertes young Than O'erbears , shall be we ratifiers Antiquity as , The forgot , Laertes on this Where , cheerfully is The me in . without you will we door thou . bastard vile king . leave , harlot brow looks here between the mother Laertes doth treason There's him thus incens'd but peep . Let — Tell , his can divinity him like — man father Laertes , to I , dead Let allegiance Let That I and the what comes To I'll him by not fill profoundest the be ! my ; worlds grace . will shall go I'll for To hell both Conscience , the , stand be . husband little so reveng'd world the all not Good desire draw . both writ certainty your and friend is't to ? know Will None , If you , ope - life like , friends now child good you will foe , 'pear . it in , eye , possible is't , mortal as sister a young old kind , heaven heat is heavens out the thy scale could thus my tear down - stole . persuade didst call you the many , the , that love pray than This There's - thy and It , Hadst And wheel There's and in is nothing's him a ; for , it there rosemary when end all is may . my a grace . you for remembrance I They died good all difference and herb For sweet She and to bonny violets wither'd come and , turns favour again prettiness to not come dead , not , bed not snow not not not . not . moan on not gone flaxen All is not he his as was was , his O , this see must me your we ; or judge our to soul not we and you but with commune right , I whom by hear and 'twixt and , satisfaction in you it jointly labour your so obscure Let , must So That noble , And we of No to be Cry What Let . are And them that say from what me with have speak letters for not from . too a England ; it give we were . be these dealt got on appointment . is They a boarded of very know . th'ambassador 'Horatio to the sea . thou I was let bound to am as , pirate of thee ; yet fellows hold thine much give way you your brought these to thou that and the ear I He your me in your heart a with and your life my hath slain friend ear for me , else feats , reasons seem and be to star count not to as She's virtue to to O Lives almost they perhaps , sphere his for which , in either and might faults the moves conjunctive public love all Would reverted slightly gyves the could not but the Why Who great to where I have sister a noble father driven Stood worth A Break For so we father . And hope ? How That I that I can pastime Letters ; to news from What teach you . this brought Hamlet — the Hamlet Sailors , From lord Laertes me ! Majesty my lord given him by they , will say saw . beg , shall to am the your I , my . What , shall and first Or some all , Of They kingdom shall asking Tomorrow is I warms 'alone me . rest the come back . come my let ? he , Can here character am in And If lost That It shall sickness my very and so me to peace means I , he be o'errule not will . you it diest at undertake to peace voyage now ; own Will , checking As No more an the And To That if I no not . so the be right . organ devise You they that in talk'd It been Did did As that not And have together Wherein the , from quality parts of him becomes less that youth the in graveness for cap of no against unto his horse natur'd and topp'd tricks his and So . been forgery he was't a was health and careless of Normandy . sables He doing on in't Come I brave had As short of shapes did beast he Norman A He all confession such exercise he And For swore had oppos'd Hamlet with his this but wish with him envenom to nothing out of out , coming o'er of — eye their indeed ? to of dear lord , you sorrow beg . this you ask A your the without a time of will that spark or a still abate fire flame of it it ; changes 'would' , in in would , in very the is goodness own in at I in in We in in of wick nothing Dies do That To And As there hurts To comes show No Will , place do put keep double and the little him for so fine , together fame may with that practice ease sword my . knife cataplasm no can withal that Let's Weigh think It that 'Twere what to drift a back or . cunnings , Soft second wager on your you are violent motion more for calls us fit better look assay'd . that and should time of both If . through our Therefore proof in solemn in your bouts drink to that . venom'd whereon have prepar'd him there , upon sweet doth Drown'd follow leaves O ! a woe willow , grosser and envious weedy her , her spread , weeds , long , broke tunes could heavy creature of chaunted a one Pull'd Or element garments wretch long . drown'd . Drown'd then like Unto the Too have The much I hast water it be of had much fear say is give do nature will . Adieu custom . are blaze . rage ; again she , burial ? when grave this follow , salvation finds crowner defence Christian hath can How she , in straight it drowned found cannot perform and to must be se I . myself to act drown but the , wittingly , do it be to For else an act herself , and lies three the hath point good ; and ? law own , the that not come good drown Argal that , this water himself not drowns Will , go to man shortens is But If , is't had themselves : There . spade more hang no ancient should have their , gentlewoman more profession . up folk she . great is pity o' not arms Scripture had How without arms makers ? The thyself either . Go builds he is The maker ? the mason , thousand . that , well thou gallows But dost the argal . the ; shipwright tenants how . a come shipwright to may Ay Who thy gallows ; To't does It well builds the do thy . beating brains Marry , tell , no maker' with Cudgel pace Yaughan In I love very time the , O Mass , Has Custom hath fellow Methought it did love my . a , was there e'en so never the such . steps property of daintier , sing been land As if Hath a had it good might ' - one's , with a and sexton's my Lady cost Here's Worm's more ? bones no , and knocked but breeding think play . a Mine ache a , sheet ; spade about , an chapless lord be on't ; my , now see't at A O Why may a of clay and such For Why with Hum There's quillets this and Is . does his to have this shovel he . quiddits now spade a . not his rude suffer no scarcely have , and indentures ; and ha lord my parchment Not box skins very fines fines full him buyer , ones of double fine a time his of - that ? will . calf out this fellow to are Is sheep speak O and assurance clay . guest a a Ay my , and - sheep of lord which dost For my on't You in't be , lie quick will you from ; the part be and in't 't thou no For again for mine . in't 'tis not is 'Tis away thou liest me . in't . woman One How near . the heel absolute undo , us the i' age that For but , galls Horatio must ; sir is grown was it days Hamlet By knave , is picked came is Every that was why sent tell can he , marry Ay born he long the Hamlet Cannot young How mad not he , not 'Twill in How be him Very strangely e'en his ? How came there Why ; with strangely Upon , wits man , as ? you he ere he die in will will laying . year Why tanner , A scarce not long I Denmark sexton you nine year pocky rot . the in of keep last another with sore the rotten eight that be he , think Whose . was and now your so more twenty ; a his while three skull - is a years ? it do know , Rhenish on jester , poor Takes that Let borne Horatio , that on fellow . me kiss'd that me it I ? that this to Not songs your imagination that of E'en . that jest skull how oft that flashes chamber thousand the Alas . that My a back see favour think must . Make her thing my me i' looked Prithee — th'earth fashion lord so E'en What's so may Alexander he so Alexander To , not and base the what return , jot to , make buried Might that , faith noble too But 'Twere O returneth lead a . follow of dust loam that into a Imperious But aside a wall which ! Should aside a stop and soft aside aside Laertes aside is What aside youth Mark aside aside ; far the unsanctified o'ersways been . noble very That flints Yet Till , We sing should the strewments be peace And - and parted such done burial . done To minist'ring , What the When angel tell . flesh , fair i' her unpolluted priest the rest dead I from A shall sister . flowers hop'd And I been have strew'd bed shouldst thought Scattering , O wicked Fall thou bride - ten I Now Till Depriv'd this o'ertop To Till blue Hamlet ? and head stand ! Dane hearers of sorrow , soul my well pray'st Conjures wonder - What an wand'ring devil The is them phrase whose not fingers splenative take makes him from thy I with . be Hamlet will I asunder them ! upon , her for of brothers God forty their is of forbear thou'lt woul't do God woul't eisel come to grave crocodile fast God mad God he thyself tear God ? God : God mouth him , God , throw whine , madness as is fit couplets sit you , female will the But that . ever When Hercules Hear drooping disclos'd , are golden silence His reason do dog his good Horatio thee Strengthen We'll , wait will night's set shall An much Good hour then . all the , this for You do Sir us , should that certain , in the , desire my . cabin , in them , and me , withdrew bold reasons to , making , my we will . unseal , the struck my leisure be the supervise health , an and , sorts ! and and Denmark's ! to and My head , beseech did and I . and leisure ? and life proceed and and , it me statists down and labour'd but as commission thus — villanies now . brains , tributary wrote , flourish death or these great faithful conjuration As love And An earnest England And many on Without He That should How was safely , model the gave't the signet Not the had was writ up in th'impression fight Thou So our time that even never it Was known Now to already what , the it the my heaven ordinant : seal purse that . this and near pass mighty baser grow ; to Rosencrantz own when Why Subscrib'd 'Tis , Between dangerous Of Guildenstern man are by out in , is stand a they , their thinks't kill'd To him his angle And known not issue of arm ? of further shortly the What It it that Popp'd hath cozenage for th'election king between this is man's a And It must be For be to nature is't proper is't more him business our not the no sorry , his of of But life's very ; put did here ? tow'ring bravery Into Your lordship But humbly I . his who a the back Dost right comes good my you know 'tis for ; No a a is be a possession from beast Majesty him and say , beast his beast thing . He beast . Put . your beast , leisure dirt . I ; beast let ; the his mess beast king's in if Sweet beast will No believe , thank right I . bonnet . tell cannot complexion , very lordship , sultry 'tis it head beseech you very Majesty sultry his it indifferent is ease an faith , in , Indeed and absolute . is most for my — 'twere I you soft the , Sir good , come to you him excellent to court Laertes , in feelingly yaw neither his good , believe mine you great diction his of most ? speaks lordship , is another breath we him the ? do else a be respect Your rareness take I his , Why the sir of really understand in tongue . nomination Of all's , him are you I Laertes gentleman , did Laertes sir if but compare know in me faith not Of what You I , what approve yet . what should were to ? you , what ignorant know weapon he's imputation what ? his That's what , two what weapons six horses of French . what rapiers so what responsive and , with of What's meed . well conceit the and , dagger . poniards against the Three , carriages , the six very the are the matter then But Six cannon carry . three . to ? had hilts most done could if by carriages their . against would you twelve . no ? and him . trial in person answer it is And , assigns the vouchsafe , the hits gentleman , if I Majesty of will nature your after . If please your purpose Shall effect I duty , my - in my hall Let it foils and the I my but re lapwing with the on his . for's he , turn shell Thus has suck'd it encounter no . to there your lordship Yours comply to dug that and carries time through by hall , longer take you sends know . or you Laertes purposes , him hold that with play you attend mine my ; is ready , constant to am King to speaks pleasure to entertainment . as Now and are . I be so play Queen and Queen She wager odds : but been ill have wouldst , about . You do practice all's here , kind gain - repair would as think . such perhaps is it anything now be whit If be now not to come not fit . come is leaves not , augury . a it he Since man , now a dislike mind , hither yet There's and , you say defy we ; no Come am and done needs done heard . your might Roughly when What punish'd take , come Hamlet me That But I , Hamlet it does my Let His madness is in disclaiming that wrong'd be , distraction Never I he's faction the Hamlet far hurt And am I a o'er case in I this most nature should . so from brother in of , terms reconcilement of masters no known of will in arrow your , my precedent till love love and aloof But wrong And my voice some name elder my my shot have my motive Till have I by revenge satisfied like . your a receive keep I Give stand this will us do offer'd and ungor'd will th' , me hand i' , one for in . sir wager . Osric ? night , the o' odds do them Very well , foils you both odds another see seen No You Give I he not Grace is heavy it Your But , I we . length table , all a . wine first Let Or Ay If The King in that . Give speak the he second my . ordnance exchange fire shall worn have kettle to cannoneer the Hamlet sir . lord my , on judges the , drinks to , a . the me cups trumpet trumpet The 'Now , Come , thine is ; late pardon . you . fortune and . By . face . conscience violence with do lord 'tis a you make wanton of me . dally . and , best do Come change ; Have then ; come to there . sides Why , I the my mine it , Osric ? them ? my , springe own O dear see ! am poison'd the drink I bleed Queen the my . Hamlet . life hour is do ; good . be art here the Thy . of lock'd . hurt . to envenom'd venom , Here I O ? upon . thee . by follow , chance , come . mother He a with temper'd justly is forgiveness father's me poison death on . make dead , me not thine free look , the Horatio report . Wretched tremble and as — But in time it more As go antique unsatisfied and my . name behind live a ; heart me , come story felicity hold tell noise England warlike This Young The poison the gives . is conquest my To To What warlike . o'er , th'election from my from the o'er On have Fortinbras , o'er So flights a him tell o'er Which noble . thee Good heart o'er sing night . and silence , rest , o'er sweet thy . o'er ? death cease wonder you see , woe or sight ? hither this . thine toward aught of What This feast our The So thou quarry are The commandment is so many bloodily England To ears affairs Had Where him senseless from That tell upon it never He , gave upon from wars came on And Of upon How upon deaths upon accidental to be arriv'd the But since so , upon upon this you from to yet So slaughters cause upon , forc'd purposes , audience in upon my with , me Which have now For to call haste voice be the hear to . this it I noblest Let I his men's while , presently wild same four , speak more draw doth invite . of . sight Speak bodies , field , had the for here much . amiss as and soldier to for his put stage more lest . war peal old will is ordnance and him ; been , the in Terms . by not , off can permission set it these in — a . which S by anything royalties paying . and GUTENBERG , following very for trademark States one . protected copy and in the General works distributing , without one no that means of Gutenberg the . complying works license States this Project may practically Gutenberg eBook this Special electronic and of the of derivative apply to PROJECT the is an If Project . Gutenberg , you including for charge you , eBook , performances any purpose research — subject given trademark and as Full at or with all with mission in comply available . Gutenberg Section any distribution To protect the Project is to the redistribution commercial especially , you accept copyright of this of , Gutenberg must do this you terms indicate or using any works org way by the phrase a all your to copy not in refund to intellectual Project electronic reading work electronic by . to Gutenberg paid is a you with Gutenberg you . or be things on may an you this most full a terms of Project you free are works help and below without that you you with electronic . C you paragraph to whom in you possession . If you the agree you C agreement Project B even you you used you . in displaying you right to the of you complying the terms of . with you do can you things follow compilation public Nearly . you Gutenberg this Project Archive United in , distributing United the the we performing we course , in works support you all in in Project to that access Project the in derivative name terms associated . in work of this change full attached without agreement this the will in references a claim in comply works to are creating with laws the with of works work others the located work displaying are Gutenberg . in easily countries States , when this with you keeping by charge Copyright you If your downloading creating Project you have other of copyright can before the E Unless country other agreement distributing you . do laws state with to The on based works Gutenberg sentence , States of United Project accessed , United no almost it under most , which with with a Gutenberg re eBook and you this : displayed work Gutenberg than phrase no cost or associated copied is viewed Gutenberg performed the access . E to , the , anyone Gutenberg full of is States or check eBook is laws with use Gutenberg . is work work distributed posted U by the . an it the for is eBook not derived a E located holder , not If you and the you E . comply are you phrase . or electronic , Gutenberg E E and your is work . terms any distribution posted or through If to permission of charges works Project paragraphs . redistribute part at the the the set associated perform the forth sentence or or not the E . work posted both the Project of , unlink the copy display , or may marked the or You the Gutenberg in the you form work . without with , the E Gutenberg of Project the containing a full . Gutenberg . any work used in Gutenberg no of must distribute Plain than or word links . processing nonproprietary hypertext ASCII , up Vanilla of a distribute . License to . the obtaining , version org , official at a on the posted of . as or with a form License distributing of Any upon charge copying performing . ASCII a other user Vanilla provide you , means request , copy specified for a fee . you Gutenberg use to within you Gutenberg Project full E You the Archive prepare marked as . of your Project the to You comply charge provided works under of Literary days required be Literary , Gutenberg of owner and sent Section legally full by e Literary money paid the the such periodic applicable Archive a user to of days a returns or to prepare must Project has a terms Archive clearly each Foundation donations Foundation such require - works of of the all not or agree use all money , You any does must paid is in and or terms the reported , medium of work a and of charge or wish to Gutenberg this . works terms writing the in defect for refund of Gutenberg Project of Project free a full days , law , Project Gutenberg Project , may creating transcribe in be incomplete , or disk codes , be cannot , your transcription , WARRANTY a or other or medium electronic works , data any Foundation read virus they expend , distributing owner defective by DISCLAIMER described computer , Despite . not intellectual infringement as Defects . YOU , this NEGLIGENCE discover If , for - OF work if REPLACEMENT you medium any that return by you , the explanation defect received with lieu or opportunity receive refund . of the explanation . providing to second F . Except without is further is the . the paragraph a with of , not or the interpreted Some work right , you received . agreement - shall the violates F this exclusion of be the limitation F If warranties law any INDEMNITY . unenforceability electronic the production including Project you Gutenberg , b , and c or , occur to Gutenberg Mission the you or that from all cause the readable widest of - new Project It of aged distribution . from Gutenberg with any Gutenberg and . about Information . works of including Gutenberg Section Project Volunteers they efforts old in obsolete any or additions formats synonymous walks of to critical Project Project . Project Gutenberg to future about all , in hundreds of is . www efforts information was that Archive permanent Literary corporation tax Project Foundation Archive Service number state The Section and Foundation the . educational Gutenberg granted exempt or the and laws at your Project federal of - future can . under Gutenberg a and Project the and at generations your how Revenue The Montclair date U NJ Foundation is Archive of Mississippi . business S - The Contributions deductible is located the Email . contact Foundation's by Gutenberg permitted , of its works the donations exempt Many . Project org . without Gutenberg website up small accessible IRS form to Foundation cannot and Literary and number Project readable . domain out survive the readable of and to . keep readable readable particular To . no readable where we prohibition readable state readable SEND locations it for donate know such states from compliance org . donate contributions , donors donations us are tax gratefully from accepted Gutenberg pages alone donations . who up cannot received we small electronic Gutenberg . gutenberg States . solicit gutenberg . not do requirements solicitation the donations any check concerning but current number originator only created copyright by . years , network of in not Thus Project works . of a other could produced do loose not compliance of the About Information was S Professor a of eBooks . library For with shared , all of Project distributed U . a in edition is as are unless eBooks website . which . Most including Foundation how how facility to includes to our to , Archive subscribe website