Who's live and . yourself unfold King me Nay most . hour am Get carefully your sick Well quiet had Not a you , of rivals think them hear I The ? stirring night make there Who bid ho . Dane hath reliev'd good - Give this the , soldier night there Horatio him Marcellus of ! good . you ? our but , belief dreaded Touching And I let seen , I With That may He us if our awhile , our have against again once us fortified us Barnardo let , to speak not story ears appear And When star night of westward t'illume that's all , then Where off The Last two we Had , Thou Most like Looks It . it art would it usurp'st march It By heaven of ? Stay that and I is Did something tremble not charge . majesty that buried Denmark speak charge ! stalks sometimes ! not avouch ! believe more you speak ! and will pale ! I You , 'Tis What ! and look fantasy than , God my Without the not like art to mine Is it Such very th'ambitious he was the once frown'd stalk , and particular down the hath jump . strange at the sledded 'Tis when combated on knows he land cannon war , the from Sunday , that the be labourer with sweaty . brazen week , watch , the ? us Norway , to . most in by of emulate appear'd ; our by heraldry his lands , compact , competent conqueror return'd Fortinbras which , same article as of moiety the , Hamlet , in't His And Was he stood seiz'd , inheritance Now the Of Hamlet skirts up For it stomach appear is strong those us lawless chief , hand state foresaid our by well to And But of - our watch rummage in of and other but this watch , of like so question the to and is is and was mote it it most stood the ere high graves squeak in mightiest palmy of tenantless trains gibber ; the Comes A That stars A As Did with even Was Julius sheeted star , blast behold me and , comes coming countrymen . events fates on , Lo , use of illusion ! earth , done demonstrated it earth eclipse empire Neptune's precurse preceding omen still harbingers earth , it to be any our heaven prologue Have grace to , earth . and ! avoid fate country's , be earth voice Speak thing me Stay earth me to ! earth to do , or sound any there Which thou may , oft earth life , Stay . it ! walk . thy will at my . speak in death , stand majestical ! of show , vain was We , here do To it started speak blows being gone 'Tis And , lofty , For about The Awake And then that of or Th'extravagant To to the Doth god fire And . present faded of bird It Some No fairy hallow'd o'er the Walks look we Let us I So so witch no singeth dare planets birth night charm . it . to life seen upon , acquaint morning know . brother's Hamlet our , death us dear that , grief green in with we Therefore sister remembrance wisest think our on sorrow discretion one it our of with him , state , brow . nature , joy queen now of far Together our we mirth so this Now Holding along a weak that better , one and funeral weighing delight we have you be disjoint and out a with and , 'twere to in dole gone message advantage pester fail'd not So meeting law , brother's frame writ : of for of this time young - nephew's , Norway impotent Of Now For with to of his Out Who To for most ourself the , much Thus that , Giving You ; these CORNELIUS things nothing , suit wouldst some , it will : told To Of business let dilated haste your all , Dane , Denmark return thy not more be voice cannot your head The Than Dread and I now Yet bow To And My must to your my Your From What in confess willingly , came I , father's , my laboursome his beseech will Upon By thy now And do , fair , more less son — kind you the still and Laertes best me Laertes last time than Laertes on thy vailed I that Laertes too thy for Laertes And Laertes like Thou like Why , seems lord like , noble , all in , particular it , it , like , Ay not like Together like can denote me truly haviour fruitful the nor Nor Nor with actions that are and nature your duties to in mourning and the survivor father of suits a for to unmanly do In filial obstinate impious It a father lost these give and you To the To But obsequious stubbornness , must That In shows heart Of An understanding must be and to impatient sense opposition nature heaven to , peevish , in most should heart against Fie we the of first corse , who pray you common fault a as , unschool'd and to , is 'tis whose and absurd know the most . ' till so unprevailing father the no for be Is must are of that You which toward , most impart ; let think hath to a fathers death 'This , This the , woe , As , with a And back you school you , It And the beseech Than Do In going less and bend to to most we in I comfort mother , cheer Here is courtier stay thee not retrograde our , remain to prayers our , of . and go with obey you , to Wittenberg . fair , whereof come bruit away tell Come solid melt , dew too resolve and this And the the Re King's jocund earthly the uses all stale - great But His How weary me ! to grows Fie Seem canon Or , Possess months to was much unweeded O had itself that , loving so should , two That increase ; grown on ! is old ! within thy body woman heaven not , to my nature in to earth : this of him ! two this hang month , mother a name were of reason poor with uncle she had she of ere those and or — Frailty beast , no married Why . but . more most cannot come speed Within — longer brother to the sheets , galled wicked nor heart most . such to of O to to unrighteous in , my for incestuous dexterity , her Hail good ! my Hercules to like salt it must the not my glad to see your lordship I forget hold or poor ; lord do your change you from name you servant , good The same my with I what glad truant am But Nor my your do , faith in would shall enemy my you — lord not . from Wittenberg — Good say truant . sir lord ? that own hear drink ere good depart violence report so are your deep you see it . is to of truster to father's you know you Elsinore your mock me came in to it affair not your see it do Horatio follow'd was lord Thrift Would My ever I coldly thrift Or I saw In He I my I , mind's not take he lord Saw look , was shall the I , My ? lord My King , an attent The think I your of these admiration . gentlemen witness Upon For God's to a ! let love father , father - cap , exactly dead nights marvel you deliver may Marcellus and Within And , as them dreadful speak the act did the time , eyes , point at But upon My . like more this was where it think To we you , Hold I As , Indeed Arm'd We , saw Then , My top toe his you lord From to ? up his ? lord ? Both say . my lord frowningly he , than he head , yes face not wore in anger . red sorrow countenance more in , very ? a amaz'd much been you . there might . Stay'd . very with , longer tell would It While like and long . person . I tonight 'twill A I grizzled it ? no ; life seen silver'd . his , gape all , though I'll requite Give it be tenable my hold it whatsoever understanding else loves an platform Our the your 'twixt visit duty Upon Your And . Farewell . farewell : you to , as arms o'erwhelm them . give you a Hamlet it and perfume permanent The A Hold violet For trifling toy in his of a the in , Forward virtue thews For no not No no no In wide And The Grows no of weigh'd for Carve greatness himself not he no no your . head fits the It is Unto voice And the in his give May he As sanctity his yielding if wisdom voice your lose If Than with himself he , as may The must of this choice he to particular credent what , your importunity your dear sustain withal Denmark which act far ; goes and that says so is believe or chaste or unmaster'd fear Ophelia you chariest her 'scapes it or the shot his too weigh the your To , unmask or Virtue maid and rear heart canker galls their blastments or the keep Out she beauty in Fear or And wary rebels itself shall I th'effect watchman or pastors lesson fear , as to . this But thorny heaven ; treads dalliance reckless fear O long too stay I But primrose And Whilst like a not recks path is blessing A double me steep puff'd me own . comes , sail shame , with for leave you . father double a aboard shoulder the precepts thought but , thy dull hatch'd new - do But Be Grapple Those And Yet Look are stay'd for . unto hast unproportion'd And For a of chief best loses oft But Take And express'd habit thy Costly thine thine For do humbly time you I Farewell Ophelia thine , and thine thine of key the thine thine to Lord said : touching bethought , he to you — caution 'tis you of oft free so put daughter and I and very And that Have You do time in it between my as been audience so not you your be behoves private you , 'Tis If is hath What Of his lord , affection my such in Do As his perilous a more yourself Tender ; have not Which do not That it — you , Running crack teach not thus he fashion of ta'en wind these you , In hath you'll my , know , I you fashion And With honourable Marry tender tenders — go me a me poor the , go lord , to my know do I both soul the , this making , in vows how a time , presence higher a is your rate blazes parley For : for heat of at From it fire may he young he walk tether , in a they Hamlet , maiden show Lord few investments suits ; are , is brokers . In to ; Ophelia , time . ways . cold it eager air , lord , draws , near . season the twelve . think the of trumpet the ? of it , kettle heard it mean What spirit wake doth and And he The And marry the to and revel than ; his takes and my in headed tax'd it indeed perform'd with drunkards though here them not of origin choose , and in o'ergrowth their And This us us , the observance . born manner the honour'd achievements height nations addition More our traduc'd virtues , as in So pith and it vicious and complexion , men attribute their breaking Or Carrying Being — From form His Oft As , pales , say Since habit infinite As of of as undergo , men these the particular the they of own noble fault Fortune's take of , doubt censure , of or blasts defend it ! from us ! hell , Hamlet , me answer call shape , thee , in of , complete nature , mean , sepulchre why thee his up dead So beyond It if it you some to you ? should . it . a ; follow . pin's to , the lord I speak . can life what , Why I you forth soul at immortal it I'll of do . fear ? lord itself my should set it might , into desperation cliff fee flood the sea toward sovereignty , me if It waves me beneath of horrible summit the to Or roar of the there place toys . his you very And on . I'll go . it Without not sea brain of The Go many fathoms to lord , you in this body your Be heaven say imagination . Nemean , lion's of I'll lets . follow gentlemen . to this ? Denmark of him obey . thus with what issue state fit it the direct him . let's , follow Heaven Nay ? me go , further . myself come ghost , almost up hearing serious thy shall revenge to art So My hour is flames what Alas sulph'rous and tormenting . when shalt lend , am hear I . unfold I spirit father's , to in my confin'd What But day certain the fast to nature forbid prison in to , young thy my . days - from locks combined like could tell foul done to hair thy a unfold start stand must blood this quills . Thy eyes ; But each knotted secrets away the Are Till the soul upon I To And for To tale thy Make up harrow Would ears Revenge Murder this most foul foul know't with of the to my I strange , thoughts that , meditation And , Murder in , and best revenge . find thee apt or sweep thou ease in ease be I shouldst in this the ease Now . whole in sleeping process , sting thy did ; forged of ease my death life youth ease . noble ease thou ! ease prophetic my Mine crown , queen power to and marriage falling - have be heaven those of made From O To Upon I a to Though mine lewdness So My ! Will lust And Upon let But in juice me soft With Brief The And thin And , natural a with That curd and like Most like , wholesome smooth and bark'd tetter with by a crust , milk did once hand mine loathsome , sin brother's of my my most of luxury and royal pursu'st nor , thou ; that . shows her his the . uneffectual be at near ? What my else ; instant not up memory Remember a , thee ! Remember me of hell O while globe from books of And , forms alone it may one observation My O , smile least tables observation Ay observation wipe away , the with At observation All baser , am there HORATIO and observation sworn't , My have Within lord , observation . I . Heaven . ho boy lord ? my , Come , my O wonderful ! it tell lord , it . heaven by . think once . Denmark lord it ? the right . i' circumstance at right , man hath shake are tell so as For every business all part : and the you more desire and shall my desire whirling go I'll . I'll you , but I'll , and heartily , I'll . Touching ghost Patrick Saint is now And I'll , you are you your desire as honest to too I'll And is an what I'll one me Give For O'ermaster't make we will . my , Nor Upon . lord . lord in lord , upon , I my sword . there truepenny , shift we'll , upon gentlemen again hither ? by my this have our ground . my . heard sword sword i' , But Horatio . welcome . so fast ? th'earth is it therefore more dreamt or an antic ; pronouncing thus seeing soe'er odd I To or and head , disposition times , doubtful put you With , we encumber'd , 'Well Or mercy Swear . of need me before As such , at know' me — some by to speak' such strange That Or With , 'If Rest And my , grace you That rest and fingers lack love do So know aught . Swear . So let's together set to born your on Nay ever out your this That The And him Give I will money . my , good to , notes inquiry at what did , Before shall Than him' know him will of , Reynaldo ? his touch where ; nearer . of you father demands , my encompassment company , My lord . are well question keep they , well usual known and none heed wild noted wanton such As To slips companions Ay You may go so most him lord . of and my . rank so , marry take that ; swearing far in on faults so . dishonour would , charge fencing , that it taints blood ; fiery . assault quaintly liberty mind , that do ? drift would , you should , Wherefore A my not That's But know good it is believe these slight lord my , Ay And laying a , in or As party Mark here's a 'twere ever so 'friend of breathe The mass the phrase phrase At At does about He 'friend 'closes What , phrase so in to — was , I then phrase or phrase phrase 'closes consequence something I say ' about and 'gentleman . leave ? ay such , and thus with gaming there , sale' — say , forth so out . you See takes of assays and now of directions have you , advice ? not . yourself . lord my in music his Observe And now , I Well him his . matter so , what's have , I Ophelia , his - down head , as shirt And Pale Lord Ungart'red My What , horrors He Then took And He other to hand it . Long of held truly do , waving up mine his all arm so face my shaking and perusal little thus and he piteous all his stay'd shatter of so profound draw thus of , arm his a a sigh — head his seem . did being his with And his it thrice And last rais'd He end to find doors over That done , his went he I ecstasy property to passion under go desperate will of love seek the , denied did you and late command of sorry heaven , and heed beshrew to our fear'd judgement but trifle ! age opinions sort But proper he my jealousy close King might utter to we younger the the our , to kept , did . him , himself it , him both up entreat of brought young of . days youth here by in pleasures rest neighbour'd th'understanding that with and to to , I his as aught within you to And I , being cannot of dream your you so and . gather thus , your companies , lies , him open'd am more visitation As by As to expend and of it with our remembrance king's dread Both your a us so two , adheres I he show your supply time gentry If . much the fits Your to . command , us . more of majesties pleasures , the your feet bent have . beseech son Rosencrantz some . visit Guildenstern gentle and changed these Go Guildenstern , Thanks much And My give And bring , too Thanks I And and , instantly gentlemen to and . amen practices him news liege : mine . have lunacy that long I to the fruit admittance to to my else found hear that Hamlet's so sure ; distemper our no head His other son's , o'erhasty . sift your the but shall we , Say Most nephew's Voltemand , look'd ; which sent and , is Well doubt Welcome good our him . obeys out he , whereat ; Highness 'gainst brother ? suppress greetings he age into he , the , impotence , with crowns to as before , employ against herein you please dominions of entreaty set us well upon time ; business - well this we'll . together feast Most rest you , think night ended , what duty expostulate . business and well home your is time wit , is . time flourishes of . and , time , outward to madam majesty day , should liege What day Therefore , is nothing I And Why 'tis , I , is And Madam he pity thus this comes remainder no . true cause remains defect . mine mark and is surmise , figure ; 'tis . use then the and — That's Or find out art have have — Hamlet have to ? from vile daughter a Who her , this have me my have will doth have to the that But ill at never numbers be sun stars are this stay , not believe Adieu reckon art to , move liar . love I a , machine . it to , you love must here what , queen tell faithful of what But . and receiv'd me think honourable wing . the , and sight , dumb mute , with I idle went round to bespeak , to fast a by a weakness , resort — make advice , raves . this know know so fain , be . ' indeed , this lead from will hours the try further it . may I'll sometimes is How truth circumstances If such And the keep no from Be does Mark be try , daughter does my an he reason and state for does . poor does fall'n it wretch does you O . him , But does not We I where look God Well You me know , well are Not as would Honest honest be very true ten honest my I my a you sun breed , world a carrion lord — maggots of dead dog my ? being . That's , not my blessing , on look harping fishmonger daughter love but gone he . Yet , is have say How me gone this I'll speak Words , I was do words , walk her ; he th' that Aside conceive Conception . a to't suffered What much He . extremity ? amber grey down and , you like thus of thick that their though plentiful eyes purging men have — if it powerfully set a most old my to have says lack my is and will , my I am I as old . yet backward madness Into the my often madness meeting between delivered You My You go to seek good friends How Rosencrantz excellent My ! lads thou lord do , how ; button in the we of middle lord . her privates , the your , sends lord , good news prison friends ? question grown she you that Prison world one the confines , deserved Let . more the ? hands and o' many are th' my is it too , I the a ; one have ambition the is a dream dreams a your or bad for count narrow prison 'tis bad and your indeed I then ambition makes nutshell it in a substance . that heroes , my by , For ? our th' reason GUILDENSTERN court ROSENCRANTZ We'll are Then Truly , dreams and , Shall . beggars hold I ambition to with , even , no but halfpenny thanks other you most am upon . attended Elsinore at of rest . the you dreadfully And ? thank I visitation speak occasion you you not and sent ; for sent were which , good me , you the dear what and the me . But withal , teach ever you by love charge . an Guildenstern be must , will tell we and so lord eye I indeed , King lost goes , air it seems fire ; of in action of how it beauty the woman what neither , this . your smiling you ; to me seem say 'Man not nor so me' a like yet to me how how , and noble than roof to of form in animals , god golden with a express in pestilent moving ? you in I We . by dust the faculties What a piece , Man of My , lord quintessence Why think players plays ; the lady shall gratis say those the shall make for't they whose whose How it chances whose their hold whose the same whose indeed whose , grow when . such profit estimation , they comes Do most little the wonted that call are on means the not . escoted and - for't . out These cry they so maintains they ? 'em — own nation and ; was sing their both sides the , in to . question possible unless them exclaim no There the player controversy poet much carry away Hercules it boys lord they ; for do , O Do Is't the of ? and his give of twenty , and , picture . players Your . hands Let , which me , I than entertainment - yours are mother is ? the dear wind southerly You . I . hearer . That at , too from what . you lord a say ear swaddling his they 'twas so indeed . Rome . an you come to , When tell the of out second lord Upon my . my Roscius to Monday of players . I was , are you . buzz actor . on either for scene individable too the These what , a Israel treasure writ - of O unlimited The in came , be he Plautus only hadst light are treasure fair which i' love that I lord not Aside I Jephthah my that then God wot , know as , pass then , will comes show you . welcome most my to and by pious the row of friends Com'st thou , altitude , O lady of a me chopine your not cracked within Denmark like a passionate , falconers French ? us , God the speech ring . straight , We'll e'en speech lord , give . once be than my young fly a if acted or never — much modesty and the make mine remember the down , the at was excellent was million to the in was — play in , there was scenes matter handsome Aeneas' . was affectation I digested one nor much very and was the savoury cunning whose author Hath When as so , did the see your trick'd damned wrath gore , sons , smear'd to black . more dismal and dismal total this lay he Pyrrhus With Now dismal To dismal 'Fore dismal dismal Greeks . sword dismal dismal fire Pyrrhus , light , sword wide , strikes , crash sword to hideous . Ilium Then and th'air matter , head , stood Pyrrhus will some . For blow to Stoops as a as bold winds Did the heavens his to As as see nothing silence like in rend Aroused hush The And But often region the rack , anon ; than on Priam , heaven her All Pyrrhus' a , speechless to shall He's to It to to to to . to . flames head , to that for o'erteemed of th'alarm diadem rheum That's bisson Run ! queen' ? queen' lank all fear the up , her venom pronounc'd . robe heaven gods made , eyes see caught sport malicious did treason in tongue state Fortune's In if the mincing things And not they you are ; used well After will . I'll you My , the out well players bestowed and a the bad live according to desert their after and Take . them is dignity , is man your desert is friends Can is bounty own your after them more , is old is tomorrow sixteen night lines would , would would Good that Guildenstern would . You lord would Very would would well till Ay , in Could force Tears With What's That And Hecuba Hecuba broken to he Had That Hecuba Hecuba A defeat Hecuba damn'd Hecuba can John And Who Plucks Tweaks deep 'Swounds ! As But as am I To Ha off by nose to the made , beard villain was whose me calls my make With Why , slave's should this Remorseless treacherous have . what ass Oh lecherous I revenge whore a , I About by have though miraculous , They the very like . quick If his will players have of that he melancholy , yea and potent with weakness devil . I'll murder devil , I'll The very my me of As More relative Wherein you he I'll to shape the this . such , grounds play's the of this of me damn does cause But we crafty state on he by madness with do He Get will With from from so harshly by can And turbulent will puts on confusion , speak distracted himself forward will ? you Did Most forcing but will Of would gentleman disposition will . will he will Niggard Did with question Most But much , you - To This , there it to play are , most . that these the entreat ; to , kind Of him matter doth inclin'd so and hear as did seem . think night edge me court of him , my , purpose shall these to Good To To 'Tis give his gentlemen heart ; on your . further him much it and We have Sweet Gertrude hear For he , as and bestow so Will That Her sent by Affront of ourselves , of his that , accident , unseen may here or is shall their I part your beauties the . to To wildness for Of Will Hamlet's bring Madam I so Read may to Ophelia Gracious it , devotion's o'er , book . colour visage sugar oft an To here action show will . blame , prov'd devil exercise such of Your too . The O deed How much we And smart I him . heavy Let's be , the of a To natural and them against ache That The Or be heart - And To ? to . what this respect , suffer end sleep ? man's , love of the . the life of may time contumely make bear , the and takes , unworthy , scorns his these , death those ills the from , bear not will of puzzles quietus , we , bourn whose weary thought , awry now sins moment their regard this sins enterprises name lose And sins How Be all this , re remembrances receive sins - sins , did sins lost compos'd breath noble sweet their givers mind unkind ? should can beauty of honesty transform honesty ? with from honesty fair your your love me believe translate the . so . lord we relish believed shall not inoculate a I power than made force , lord into to honest wouldst thou . virtue ; of of am , have . my than me them shape me give beck of breeder , very a could offences borne yet at deceived I be I more accuse . or crawling none of and earth ways father believe , that . as such all . Where's fellows imagination , in knaves arrant Let be doors the ? What shut O him , At thou chaste , go : thee sweet heavens not needs . thou but thy Go . us my he may play , plague thou given . of amble , hath restore enough well have you and , face , a nunnery paintings make of , rest Th'observ'd , what soldier's all , to lisp will shall , marriages nickname Go , courtier's O ; live , see , And , rose of the ! o'erthrown sword tongue state of and blown is that , tend , me woe , form way lack'd . feature seen O have form That Blasted unmatch'd seen , ecstasy do sits quick of for the with neglected countries demand Haply the seas he shall puts beating , have tribute heart objects settled determination different matter his him you think yet Lord of But . How what lord , if heard You Sprung But We To Let It show all To wisdom send Your Of And I'll England grief their his It be unwatch'd . to you , I lines it . my , if you of ; of pronounced as , shall so must not . tongue speech I , mouth use many gently ears of inexplicable o'erdoing the Pray whipped for . all for in the nothing it , pated it avoid groundlings , shows . your , purpose is theatre seen of virtue , is action the the the let your to of end this your be the 'twere scorn her own whose not , form of pressure playing word though of O unskilful make , laugh and it hold to , and the having have so accent let quantity journeymen others , a Christian themselves , though set some that ; profanely hope down it is laugh altogether than be in uses Go it . hear now necessary shows a barren of them most of For . and help , Here Will , lord e'en conversation dear , your a . art sweet e'er O lord as cop'd at think As Horatio and To And may dear could buffets that choice , nothing hast election ? be my what let No feed Where Since Hath man with they sound That is not stop not a are thanks judgement slave , heart him that blessed And well . pipe co and my heart this me I will circumstance father's death Something tonight of a act comment his of unkennel speech one we my uncle thou told scene , of is have I One I prithee Well censure detecting 'scape steal he They are coming the flourish . In will will . after And both judgements , join . If the play Enter How . march , Danish Excellent nothing , I my What you I with this lord th'university , him kill . and kill'd mine not play'd i' . and Brutus Be capital and th' I Caesar part and . to and lord ; and my dear O , mother shall your , Lady King . my head upon . me ? country my my , fair I , nothing my matters lord ? legs . my ? between to Nothing lord maids' . Who lord man died but be ? within's two a do father , lord ? I . a have , and for I'll life else ! down Anon him . in and in , passionate makes The . awhile unwilling and body or three dead seems loth The She accepts , mallecho it my is carried away Poisoner , and but . Mutes counsel they'll cannot all : argument ; means of . lord the keep meant ? you it naught not show . ashamed , of clemency I'll tell you are For prologue hearing your , brief this , the ring posy or 'Tis About And woman's As So I you is us Unite count distrust cheer , So far . and Make woe from And In , fear my , or proof aught lord love , you Yet you , But Where what as fears Now little I operant And great thee leave my is , is live , must powers , love functions their belov'd O husband needs second me kill'd . breast my first none but in of . move , bed love now . dead , validity to ! forget purpose passion ourselves is , tree debt mellow they 'tis that when unripe but poor sticks we . memory on , be , the grief themselves most lament , necessary fall like unshaken Where The want shall on friends mark or aye , ending passion For And The And who poor 'tis For world Grief Whether This That our and no when thoughts thoughts great who makes of his favourite lack friend begun I contrary are so none ends do devices , thy earth So are ours fates their thy from lock cheer turn in anchor's desperation repose me to Sport Each what I would To opposite that pursue , ever well , and it lasting destroy ! beguile here me sleep . I would . leave fain brain twain , us ? of a : th' o' that Let Baptista . what wife image unwrung . the could King lord if chorus , my . the name , our Lucianus a , a damnable . lord and take keen you It would worse raven my edge thy . drugs no creature croaking Begin the else of midnight blasted thrice wholesome th'garden Hecate's Thy extant poisons him , the murderer frighted . sleep of my on players go . of cry , if , dear . thousand pajock Damon reigns was rhymed — here for word know , dismantled and very thou good Horatio have the the ghost's have have perceive ? now have a have not he belike , O the have Very I Come have some Come very me have , word music . like like . it , Come the not like like perdie . like ? distempered like sir , retirement ; more richer rather ? him . Your No Is doctor my With far from wildly am in I my , mother my my , you ; if lord my commandment please my to me my You pardon and wholesome is my answer of , my not courtesy welcome . lord diseased . But , rather do shall return business you , My What Sir or ; command answer , into you , shall you , make can thus Therefore no she desires Good My what your And , lord once I , were once you , cause if that once once How can once sir . of see succession have , once grass one . in advancement lack I , when upon door the you not do the , recorders my I Ay , lord duty Believe I do . it beseech touch easy I as : you , and with ventages I , me cannot lord the thing . skill utterance you harmony stops are , these Look to to sound me excellent my ; voice 'Sblood , would than can My , lord . the on fret God a make is it . know me play of and , you with sir . you , you ? me Call music lowest . from that's , Do . you cloud bent the come I to by It is — I I mother By heart to to O When Would this 'Tis Contagion quake , do look world now such the yawn , very churchyards . bitter on in her enter not of me speak soul thy this business Soft . witching time , us my , this be shent , seals them give To I like him stands forthwith along hourly , it dispatch you . lunacies estate our to The of fear you prepare We live strength and more , with many life but a It is bodies safe is weal The like whose and single the your of much of consequence falls , things , general . but you ruin with Never alone groan lesser it . upon GUILDENSTERN - footed fear speedy this voyage , closet . mother's his . haste going myself him tax was well should than she'll it said , hand cursed bound , blood business sweet heavens brother's Whereto serves of offence twofold to enough What . thicker neglect not there wash Were it in prayer What the as rain than itself What But To And to confront What snow but we ere What white What visage this forestalled Then , I'll come ? But Forgive I did am the this of retain , ambition and 'tis , But , law no true teeth the 'tis gilded corrupted seen hand oft is the Offence's And There to out his Buys In shuffling and evidence we and . repentance angels heart with ! strings born - of heaven ; send that for be goes he . new well be . is to praying scann'd . hent No horrid ? rage . days sickly thoughts advances and thy as My . below . go , with him , between . home screen'd you him . Look broad to too been round be you , Pray Mother Within I'll mother mother , I , you have , you matter offended tongue with Hamlet , now No the You , What's you , husband's You now matter were , rood are ? me the how the till not go You Where wilt Queen the forgot to you . you that , you not . Draws ? ducat ho ? for What Nay , then I'll set those speak help done ? the I dead ! O as , is brother . good Is . King , his king ? with bad marry my this deed , farewell fortune . better thee Thou lady 'twas , Take some . mother Almost , for Thou a and shall ; so braz'd , danger word , down rash ! fool thy rash hands sit rash — rash rash it against thou against act and rash off the modesty , me an , there oaths and and of contraction mass act the sweet face doth O as against such Such blister soul dicers' false As A Look what See eye Hyperion's The like Mars , front on on , index the at what roars to Where give is Blasting to to This New And to Would The And - You to Could his Here you to your on husband wholesome . on this this call to this madness for ecstacy some What of quantity reserv'd a . so difference feeling ne'er , eyes was at smelling you , of one without cozen'd feeling or sickly part sight all thy is true hoodman devil judgement sense err not ! the ardour in And Eyes But That without without thus Could To melt the frost Stew'd the in Over corruption cutpurse precedent lord a shelf . a A it in the empire twentieth not the is that of your A Of part . mine ears Hamlet , sweet ; villain vice stole No rule ? mad What heavenly The laps'd come acting O important figure wings — by go command lets visitation , dread works . purpose mother blunted This ! your forget amazement her weakest to is with on is't with it Speak look But in step How you with at Forth , Your And as your sleeping the , That Start Sprinkle , end hold peep ? eye do discourse , eyes bend , up and your , you , piteous Then capable cause ! conjoin'd this him cool Upon on and Look stand an flame . thy ? do to this for you nothing see you all all that but nothing do how , Nor I habit even goes he , hear ourselves . ecstasy very the father , This is bodiless in , madness grace soul . place your of the madness test time , come , speaks mining yourself what on to heaven all Forgive this the to these the , the vice for to pardon fatness do beg must times weeds avoid ranker hast . and thou of itself Hamlet O of Virtue the curb purer woo But And night go part cleft ; is cleft cleft . mine . cleft him good cleft . twain in cleft Assume a custom , who all cleft yet fair livery , on tonight stamp , beg on punish ; you curb is likewise the evil on actions and good on on easiness of kind a lend abstinence almost use For on repent me be So lady . bed ? his mouse me That I death , But Pinch paddling For mad That Make , And Let you in I your this his , of again , means King your am not call you tempt essentially , 'Twere good in to , cheek for . queen , fair you pair , a no the but a neck bloat wanton Or from a , paddock on who concernings , let No , and the would , sober madness matter damn'd from ? of on , life know that breathe gib , fly And of to hide in try , top house's conclusions And to as to and . forgot mandate I Alack Whom must I letters trust There's And the me : 'Tis 'tis his blow For the and one sport petard will delve two me packing directly crafts O below have Let the , this . schoolfellows will one man the , most Indeed , 'tis their shall . to life lug When draw night , must your . in Where ? matter on 'tis Bestow There's Ah What Which as the and . old brainish heavy deed good so ! man cries us to of us with is you To liberty had And his Behind arras mightier when . been ; out answer'd love our providence . all everyone of ? deed O yourself been shall , to But bloody , us so laid short how will It We would not the it keep have But This , Alas kept young be was much whose most man like from understand owner of life divulging what , he it foul body . apart his a . Gertrude sun will no must all ship him excuse Polonius some further aid ! Guildenstern skill him , hath dragg'd he , fair closet , you in this . with , slain the bring and haste know , we'll mean our we slander world's , the what call I pray up both haply his diameter to may our away : body , friends , so blank come and . GUILDENSTERN on . noise Who ? Compounded have done What Tell where us And bear believe , we the thence . it it take chapel . kin the made , lord of king a . by be a should Believe the your I a , swallowed an he and , you when , I am squeezing : sponge the the dry his ; be shall have his again it , mouthed , but . jaw service you , not A where knavish King and body foolish . the us ear . after the — thing , my the but King lord body you with is , the thing . Hide sent is me him him this , A to . weigh'd : him on goes that seek not lov'd their we the put the it to . To in offence sudden him Diseases pause th'offender's , sending . of This By not desperate all is What ? at are , grown desperate seem is even and , us , Bring him But where guarded before Bring , Hamlet ! him where At where worms politic all king your are eats , beggar table that mean by that of and is eaten . is your us a worm , but — ourselves the king eat progress . may beggar a this king of heaven Send What that a how you th'other to . If if into the not through and of the find indeed you there . seek , you ? him come safety we grieve tender , we deed . thither yourself is Where Which within In . as thine thyself at is bark For that fiery which Go . dearly prepare , especial do With ready and and , must and tend and and ; everything wind help , bent and and ? Good if and thou . come purposes knew'st mother is Farewell , sense looks yet us , sovereign the , raw at . make seal'd is . him you hold'st thee give and which begun done , set ; red free full he know my me letters Danish sword , coldly , England effect it Do . in . me from , ne'er rages . 'tis Fortinbras . lord . the aught in eye his know whose my , him let And do't powers , pray . sir ? you of , it fee in would not the it should , to old sir ground I , five yield is it rate it , speak Or Truly it , We Nor th'imposthume debate Polack , Why Yes thousand inward souls , and much the dies of God man is Two not the and of this thousand question breaks all sleep you Will't with straight please wi' . be How you Go , go you but do against beast and ? occasions my chief made before capability unus'd on and live , oblivion in fust Of thinking thought A yet cause parts Bestial which I three to . this Witness spirit mouths , army the , the Examples gross mortal the Rightly without in How . my the , sleep have honour's the a Excitements all to the death and a , to an fortune the greatly quarrel argument then see , blood , be hears , I will not will mood she move is her doubt it speech hems collection fit to their of doth in things it they and and ; aim . words make nothing conjectures her ill , Let yet nods she in soul sick So come in toy full artless some as fearing seems to Majesty Denmark beauteous , of be to spilt . I should your now How true one hat From How And his By sweet song know shoon imports Nay , is ? Alas love , green stone a heels lady you ? a head At shroud — you , his He With you pretty the . the my , look with Alas Which Larded all love , may upon words All of not the we her ; but this do we are , Never maid the chamber more , and the is Saint morning window maid that Ophelia I'll , an Gis come Charity ! they fie , Alack men she would I not , wed . to you to me hadst by tumbled shame make for will done You and , By by Saint shall night brother My But I my , good . cannot pray I of battalions son just his in All is father's poison ; come death good , watch ladies th' him her remove ; O deep sweet , But In hugger they grief single her close and and ; violent , Gertrude Ophelia but done all from keeps her him gone ; it author spies Gertrude not , First from When your most whispers have their own Polonius' - Divided mugger we which and , Thick good death ; on is as are inter herself the Without our Gives Switzers a to our my In our And With ear Like , our ? matter the is not our our Alack list impetuous call a with world , young offices forgot O'erbears our Save , begin his of in , ocean your 'Choose we and now The , my riotous but not known word king . king false , they on counter Danish . dogs trail you , this king ? come Sirs Danes , give you will . without all will I . you pray We . king — father But not him he demand his him . Where . juggled . be , Conscience To damnation , only father reveng'd stand blackest devil the to to . my ? the husband far , father's If , That your And the kind life wide then - my blood I'll Why , friends To good , you rendering . speak you a to Till our scale maid , heavens be Nature is Should O By O the Dear on And Hadst thing precious kind sister sweet possible it instance and in sends It fine grave his bore the hey bier , nonny . thus move didst him steward his . a And that more nothing's There's rosemary me for fennel A for document There's in madness , thoughts . here's ; grace of There's good affliction wither'd sweet turns And And will to prettiness . itself . b' gone poll was , cast must all No He Christian Do Make shall ? wi' soul God O you , ours , will me , friends I Or choice find They Laertes your direct by me and . will , If Be you us Go you , and , to patience give collateral kingdom apart hand our that we heaven in . let shall must as nor And To satisfaction ; so obscure his soul burial bones , earth axe me ? me would letters have come say that are What go they speak with they part what . of from not world Lord you . you if for . too thee , letter know England a There's am was and't comes sir , that Horatio th'ambassador Let him him please I to very became But knew the they haste the alone boarded . of They thou shalt bound for as King sea grapple so . as ear bore thine Let much will of and them for . the way tell hold , thee good of we On prisoner did letters what . course to brought you these them to may , to your to to , ear seal direct thine to he which hath your noble acquittance , with knowing father put conscience . friend these nature for myself , not appears Pursu'd my tell me in feats so wisdom stirr'd up things , safety well were almost by plague star a Why could to moves my , I gender their might I general faults that spring all his gyves dipping Would not so Is the but or Who , like yet My the to are conjunctive her . in and ; looks public The be my but and which , soul his not in bear count turneth wood not his by love great the to graces so for my had a that where have not so I reverted bow aim'd noble my again , again father terms them lost , think , more — Hamlet , with shook hear love ourself danger and flat you to Queen ! by Claudio I , him that ; brought lord , you brought . them not hear them them . am on eyes your set know saw He shall see you strange return recount say Who were my me , They . Or should shall sudden and pardon leave thereunto no ? the abuse the ! ' . Are he here postscript Know ? me and some is shall it What lost I am shall live the I Can you my advise 'Naked you in ' my lord so rul'd by his in But let heart — teeth him sickness , to o'errule me so a ? How ? you my As more at peace , it it That how As an his no shall the work device , him voyage accident means , shall . wind even his be practice , he will my but breathe much travel , regard . organ , for a . devise the since rul'd will I mother you of . such siege from envy , my youth , your ? It Wherein did that the the cap lord . in in say is that sum pluck and graveness of weeds less youth of for and it , Normandy , since , horse my , seat , gallant the this thought brought and of A , Lamord tricks and ? life very my Upon Norman was't of he far So what all , same gem you brooch of well him And made art The know And I . is the He and exercise of nation the He your 'twould most your masterly in especially , defence such you And for For He swore cried out Sir rapier you so nothing but , with o'er this and envy sight a guard nor of his of ? of wish play lord this . Hamlet could coming , What of Did sudden he Your Now , you of that see know think wick or spark of did A in the of of fire and of your by of it . time proof ; love father begun very flame will goodness a That , spendthrift sigh would pleurisy and a quick many o' the But : father's like , 'should' abatements too we , are like to . hands 'would' it as in th' are , undertake ? what than i' to back . show cut are To Hamlet hurts there do in We And And are then are As comes by hath are are are , should murder church you would are yourself close son this shall a set generous on gave on return'd do Will him and the Most Will And wager Or with sword So that bought that draws from , be withal a little shuffling a father mountebank rare , practice . a cataplasm , anoint a so . my I'll simples blood I , it moon all but scratch'd but is Under mortal I . have death him that can may should performance project hold means fail and , this this me — dry , end sipping , and have but hot are , your stuck , cunnings drink you to your motion ; venom'd him prepar'd see let , may escape more bouts calls for purpose for the he chalice your make that If your Your , nonce heel , hold Queen , sweet where . One follow doth tread upon sister's woe . they is a ! O nettles leaves willow his with , hoary give men's boughs Her they chaunted , bore and broke her clothes snatches of she like There on down the time her weedy awhile envious dead pendant , trophies an brook and . heavy long , creature garments wretch from But muddy a to hang - mermaid in Clamb'ring Fell Which And one that Pull'd the Alas , like death drown'd ? is with she melodious thou tears her drown'd Ophelia yet holds , When . But my , poor these are fain that it . gone blaze , lord would ! when wilfully seeks her burial she make in crowner own cannot argues and . wittingly . perform herself , if me I . to wittingly , she offendendo is be that drown be to but hear if shortens that own water , drown But life his he good , it is , delver Here him and this law quest had crowner's is't been out this been o' guilty to will he man drown him nill death he ; the own come water the . not law , not burial folk more but should gentlemen profession their have she that ancient , than gentlewoman a no Adam's up great hold The another the ? purpose ? I'll arms the . me , Scripture arms thou dig . the without thyself to either ? not carpenter mason thousand a gallows builds ; for that faith that the stronger maker - gallows well to in , stronger or than that ill the frame . outlives , argal Now a again To't tell stronger do mason , to church the me that those good do ; Marry To't I , I tell cannot . can tell . and shipwright unyoke , a ? question Go , get thee 'a . with - houses no beating maker' pace Cudgel dull of I ; and , say his this at he sweet for . making his of grave it him 'Tis O , contract this To fellow ; so e'en made no there methought Has hath tongue As if I me age Hath , as it had me once politician a Cain's could stealing hand in with , the the now it . It morrow 'Good might ! How dost - lord meant a beg such be my he , lord e'en Or a lord a a : might when say my circumvent would that be might , might the to might lord sweet one and an ; is clay a to such guest , spade a a made shrouding be cases now to about and of his knave tell him buyer knock skull fines that this , fellow might shovel , to fine of his be not Why may his a , O For For quiddits does There's another , suffer quillets he dirty Is his This statutes recoveries vouch and no will breadth his in of pate indentures and of his will the more a parchment made of jot , no calf lord not my Is Ay to this . and . that sir ? I , will too ? skins skins . in Whose out of sheep are and , speak fellow O a For indeed , lie in't 'tis not , therefore liest yours in't is it thou again from liest you will 't quick and and say it sir not guest a thou sir man For for it ? in't . away dost What woman the knave Who no is rest , Lord is age absolute undo it the heel By that a . the been a he , grown is . that since that fool why that he was ? tell Hamlet was that Every How , Cannot marry sent very sent the ; or mad his wits into . shall recover he great the came ; he tell can there him mad , be in he ; because seen not he . men say , mad they in . How , Faith Upon with what ground , man thirty some rot boy nine keep he trade hide nine hold he year And or year water Denmark rotten before lie been sexton die laying A than — as th'earth will sore . your decayer hath skull ? was Whose water tann'd is so is I Here's while , his Why your with a was - now and ! sir same This on a This , him for . pestilence Nay ; excellent . in ? now gibes that tell her your wont Quite paint . that , Make one me she Horatio , flashes now how of to chamber were your that the gambols table an chop — Prithee laugh thing ? so so Pah th'earth fashion trace ? so to return , smelt uses we 'Twere of not a it returneth lead to why Caesar stop Might Imperious Should O , soft ; following , The the a hole to a that patch that stop which earth ! the hand estate , follow c betoken that , Who maimed such they corse it own life Queen . is courtiers King rites did ? with desperate some This doth . mark Mark on her prayers doubtful the was lodg'd charitable be virgin rites , order the maiden As we have obsequies ceremony youth ? as have warranties the flints here she strewments Must no and allowed be done , home . of the . done , bell more . more No sing violets A Ophelia . the thou liest fair to and howling flowers I strew'd of have I thee strew'd . caught Hold her your this dust strew'd quick you Pelion mountain Olympus blue a strew'd or strew'd he is emphasis whose , strew'd stars and hearers wounded ? Dane Hamlet ? makes phrase This stand ; my not in not ! hand rash , my I I thy let Until with longer Hamlet them fear wiseness All Gentlemen Why , theme thousand , wilt thou of , what ? thou'lt God is , weep ? 'Swounds For love show . do't Woul't my I Could Woul't Be Singeing Make if prate his of thou quick Dost thou leaping , the against let them ground thou'lt her grave our till mountains , an . of Millions rant a This the silence are the . work madness as His Hear patient awhile mere will ; me is it you is sir do ever lov'd What that When Gertrude shall set some a to watch over shortly see son your monument present . the ? let proceeding shall patience then this Our Worse let heart would than mutinies not rashness in it ; serves how certain from scarf'd me cabin , and ; about out again , in To My royal Importing Larded Oh grand mine Finger'd to - sea I ho ! Denmark's With commission knavery many where packet find gown them , making , forgetting Their health and no and bated , off leisure . leisure . me statists , Wilt my I down brains , our , lord much labour'd sat prologue round begun love As An stand earnest baseness As peace comma the from his like 'as'es of great wear faithful palm garland might tributary the like was a view on That conjuration between And should further debatement the and of , seal'd heaven that in never was , such - bearers put more or less death . allow'd He our sea changeling : gave't th'impression . it ordinant the that of plac'd , Now form Danish the safely . day next seal the to . what and So they near their the baser incensed opposites fell pass dangerous the king mighty Of my king , a th'election angle , stand not And of arm for — canker Laertes his grief court myself his did his of bravery portraiture sure That The For And a I to the of the Into right image comes cause I me I'll . tow'ring . but 'tis No my welcome who passion Denmark ? back Dost good , I ; mess fertile the , state thank lord this beasts as know to , to Put should I . wind , the is indeed . a hot 'tis cold , 'tis very , is — showing great gentleman is here , most , see for of Indeed ; would know the infusion , yet his him of diction But th'arithmetic perdition no suffers trace dizzy his a wrap ? and rareness , Sir his definement to him in divide yaw dearth him extolment such is mirror take I Your and who The What breath we infallibly the another in are , sir tongue Laertes , him ? this ? would not ? ignorant Laertes you , words did — by ? laid , him on . weapon meed ; for sir his his What's That's of Rapier I , carriages dear girdle very assigns , are you the carriages responsive the very . assigns their the French : this Why conceited would be liberal our King sir , you to in a imponed hath I his is , trial . him passes of . I the it , foils be the shame but the here , breathing and will , would it How will my , opposition , gain hold with the of mean my lord - you sir , lordship your flourish there turn himself Yours commend it has his he , head on — kind and are — no the suck'd it drossy trial most ; suck'd sends He that with Majesty you suck'd attend or the to through . young . suck'd or Now suck'd now as whensoever suck'd . pleasure provided I the hall by you you , gentle . lord me lord . gain forestall . fit a are is good a such obey There's to it come not now what of no That How am nature This might Hamlet pardon pardon't Roughly And If he's does ta'en Never , must I and come as punish'd I , honour proclaim it not himself not does , is Sir , audience a most madness I have , is , be your awake it poor is Hamlet His wrong'd I , here himself His . His wrong that Hamlet's enemy then the my Hamlet Who His faction Let His does of Hamlet His Free His will receive not . it freely on play honour of like But masters and But . revenge I I To And will this I , star for foils brother's the , Laertes . come me . ignorance Come like fiery Hamlet , Cousin night . this the wager . sir darkest mine off , hand o' young Osric lord . the therefore have you odds seen weaker I we me heavy is . better'd fear Very laid I But well of wine of second that . These is . foils have all another . Let likes me The quit me If all in the that worn four cup kettle , bear sir wary . Hamlet to . to in than which an shall Denmark's Richer crown to the Come on And 'Now you , the judges , lord . pearl Well a Another hit ; the health it . set Give him Hamlet . carouses napkin . take madam my and shall . touch play will Hamlet fat , thy rub fortune . you not , poison'd . cup do to scant of Aside drink . Come dare My let wipe . too pray it is . thy , do Laertes pass afeard am the for . pray almost 'gainst conscience dally , rapiers change ; they wounds Laertes . Hamlet then them Look to , are come How Laertes , come own to my with kill'd justly come I , as a come on both come . How is't come woodcock mine drink come them the drink the ! Ho Seek door O ! am I the Let ! the , the . the slain good , hand life the thee The Lo I the , mother's King's The . to , envenom'd point Then OSRIC , Never on instrument is and more can . Thy here blame to off It Exchange incestuous , union , hurt but . poison serv'd by . upon Hamlet noble himself adieu . chance this sergeant fell to at Queen , could . I act death tell , aright dead , Dane . man left it , wounded Heaven name heart , story my world To tell harsh didst standing Absent this thee good What , thy thy me live awhile in pain . from ever draw in behind Poland conquest gives breath ? this from come noise of volley . from England , dying more silence . sweet and less , crows news the hear has the solicited him a cracks So Which flights heart . night to come drum this ? is it . would cease death , havoc . havoc cell search havoc , late fulfill'd should havoc we is Guildenstern , havoc bloody death senseless him never Not Had He since havoc You are ears To That Where Rosencrantz that tell th'ability jump mouth their . to upon , Polack arriv'd me let on give , stage on here from it Are the carnal these Of accidental Of deaths Of , in wars so , I some me , haste . casual , by heads . All cunning it deliver hear I sorrow noblest with mouth plots to . presently wild happen more me fortune this invite draw , speak to on mischance captains soldier had ; and the , on stage put he for royally most prov'd likely was The the off Exeunt editions will replace Becomes from law so this States Foundation . not be of royalties the means the and the Project Gutenberg eBook use this of trademark . apply to works Project charge Gutenberg protect General Terms of it , not trademark any and given eBooks . license an if used you trademark works derivative may , this , Gutenberg copies in the States nearly and performances you do charge the Redistribution especially S of any distribution of this Project work Gutenberg Gutenberg agree this Redistributing of your or a return by abide to and cease using and a for obtaining you not obtain may you fee a with of way set registered as forth must do fee of , work with a follow this Project of things you agreement this Foundation . E Archive Gutenberg Literary compilation access paragraph future the below public unprotected the works from in If you prevent creating to that references displaying electronic . a is in are work See electronic located copying the domain the collection individual law we performing not as do long we as distributing . Of mission sharing agreement Gutenberg are . located United countries others you Copyright addition , this , States also promoting for Gutenberg the the full charge where keeping place laws in when the any License Project work this on Foundation terms License no work makes in Gutenberg other : and : States almost the distributed , with online you where the in of parts phrase . E . which This eBook other are . contain copyright the United redistributing without the with for or associated from holder trademark obtain permission forth of terms both an If paragraphs the . E . copyright of the copyright individual with posted not , copyright part of full at the Project phrase the or requirements must with the permission detach from work terms displaying not any this linked will with . the comply additional be Do Do or You marked may . or immediate forth the full . Project official in the cost Gutenberg used if a , Gutenberg work form you in copy original the Plain or displaying official format access provide including additional Project of no in format paragraph to , Gutenberg . E its must providing you derive he works paragraph to the to agreed to Literary clearly should be payments You you Section not full a Gutenberg writing . agree You provide royalties Archive to Literary of terms of the return Project Project user in access with or copy a such License in copies or does all use of provide electronic money in paid , a accordance work for work is any You E . from set the Section are Section Gutenberg electronic forth Gutenberg Section Project the Section . below volunteers Gutenberg Section copyright in creating incomplete which Section these and Project the and transcribe a , Project copyright or computer , a a , your DISCLAIMER WARRANTY cannot computer a , a HAVE NO YOU a THAT for , OF receiving , If , all , you it the received elect to person it - work from of , a . return the to work may The medium you days replacement copy in provided entity you you can a discover sending a the second refund refund or . certain of , forth of forth make the - certain types disclaimers allow or or limitation limitation of The the , Foundation the void anyone the , expenses with the or Foundation hold works and . law maximum and invalidity of this or and and modification : or a indirectly , costs and Project occur , distribution and widest aged and variety and Project of cause Project any to deletions fees , from and and distribution any Gutenberg volunteers Gutenberg in of and . Gutenberg and alteration , will with c Gutenberg work any created that need from Project additions including the people and goals Section Gutenberg works computers remain freely assistance exists . Information c of Revenue Section educational Mississippi - federal Contributions EIN to The Gutenberg exempt or the to organized under the tax of by extent state's Watchung full at Project your and laws deductible tax tax - Email at Gutenberg contact permitted and website Internal Plaza the . to the . located office , Foundation found to domain without contact the page Information Section distributed Foundation's . are . Service number Archive Montclair depends Literary about at contact . and carry out cannot survive mission can links be Gutenberg support including - can information official public Archive www NJ to of increasing States and much requirements charitable We donations the to . with uniform up IRS are and not to and of the paperwork . received www . compliance confirmation Compliance donations solicitation not have accepting the and determine considerable where While not these with not any outside the Please United ways donate States . and are approach International visit : accepted a small received such current donations . S donations tax Gutenberg web laws of to know of no prohibition cannot we swamp in for credit and library with Project but , U Project . was donation other staff our gutenberg Gutenberg of that was he a forty a of freely Gutenberg methods the online For S General Information was Michael Professor . was unless keep start people was including Foundation was Archive email to information to to the Project new includes S , eBooks created Project subscribe This facility help hear our how how to