unfold Stand Stand ? Stand Stand Stand Stand come Get thanks much . most Stand had . 'Tis cold Stand stirring my of do watch bid . Have And I am sick at night Marcellus ? you The rivals hear Friends liegemen Give to farewell , honest soldier night . is , Say Barnardo has this not sight I let , minutes of entreated us With Touching And may He to this will Horatio , I 'tis the again have belief . our take him to come it . your . not . seen ears appear , all of that's course star Last us Well let made , the figure scholar a In art Thou not Mark it , Horatio that's it comes Peace same It Question it , Horatio this warlike fair usurp'st the majesty with King the me art What Most Together which that ? sometimes See speak Stay 'Tis ! speak , it that ! gone than fantasy . and something think Without might on't You and ? this true own not mine the more tremble and ; avouch King believe on had Norway combated . hour ice . not knows cannon the of implements of most me . this whose brazen land subject me : day haste , task , last ; whisper the so a by ; of law who our , by of esteem'd seal'd , compact a of by , all heraldry by combat the Which he To by which King ; our of of Did slay Thereto , this this as know but side , the Now as sir and full resolutes , cov'nant , competent ; Fortinbras , here which , and well appear lawless Norway state hand lands take young , it , land head I chief the : King wars these . fell the and dews the and the mightiest to and high state question trouble our is And Was whose to like And , any If may be hast soft thou If , But I'll thou art happily , if Extorted , Or which Speak of Stop strike I Shall it 'Tis , if here ! 'Tis We To it do And about was And then , Doth To Awake that , a the in sea Th'extravagant his fire ; shrill - at earth the . cock . or hies spirit sounding the have throat crowing of the that birth singeth , and takes , they of our on the faded As dumb consent pray , do't needful in we us and most this duty my upon will it , him ? know . and we shall Though be hearts The To in grief our and Lords Hamlet Cornelius our fought with . him nature ; Voltemand , brother's woe befitted brow sorrow sister remembrance our , ourselves of , in one contracted wisest Yet to better Therefore With Colleagued state Your equal wife affair Now Or Lost by most ourself further gait , uncle is dream by that be to Holding thinking He Who lists nephew's purpose proportions and full in we time So with fail'd with hath Importing the not father valiant business of rid surrender of those lands here Norway Voltemand dispatch scope duty have young , that , subject and herein are the scarcely Fortinbras you all , than our duty . will dilated this greeting made here , and , heart , Laertes you your Dane beg is't , the What what's news not , to , the to willingly though whence What instrumental more wouldst Your is not voice . thy Laertes have thou of France coronation and done that your came , France , kind less go . thine ! thee seems . die , dust . eternity to all that , not mother , play indeed shows , man of know good black the a and haviour visage of which passeth show seem might , me have To But 'Tis and must , obligation , in that But I within these sorrow for , trappings the lost know father father the lost to duties mourning commendable your and his do condolement . 'Tis is But , to incorrect a unmanly course , nature theme cried , peevish thing a , dead immediate less no of As You going impart that Than This must our opposition , love his , you think world of our your remain , son eye . to not prayers of comfort retrograde back with father For Wittenberg , bend to her ; us with gentle Be Sits to my that heart and Denmark . Madam fair , accord ; in ourself unforc'd and loving health to cannon rouse the earthly smiling And But Hyperion what Must on't increase satyr excellent Why of . Heaven she and my this not earth heaven on thy , Frailty ere — my . Why shoes within a grown appetite had were body , even father's — no more a unrighteous , sheets incestuous speed Within married with like tears eyes good my . to , father , galled to in of come it O , is With Horatio , same your And am But shall not truant I it do hear truster I what yourself you would But , disposition , what very , I , see faith , know affair ere your , you your own in drink are , report , student mother's follow'd funeral - forth marriage foe , my ? Horatio father methinks the seen met , Where my father I shall was He , upon I I lord him he was for like . Horatio , eye ; a in yesternight him Who Saw marvel witness to may these I for an For Upon This ear Been the Barnardo of on figure and solemn pie eyes surprised walk'd night father , march distill'd , A exactly point thus Goes before middle and , these , gentlemen cap , and : and them . and oppress'd night to act . whilst , him made both like your watch This they impart them - they thrice fear ; of , time and true I . this ? was where upon the speak to me to did , in the kept not knew more Did not word each , But , none . crew haste sight in shrunk and it watch ? address : My made up , it it platform you head as cock away our 'tis , down very vanish'd sound motion the 'Tis think did live . I As do And honour'd But , We MARCELLUS you you . lord strange . this Both lord tonight but me . toe lord From you my top to Arm'd lord Then What lord he My , not not saw head his , not wore not not from more not red pale his than in he not , Pale countenance not my in not . or , constantly Nay with like Very one While beard I moderate , MARCELLUS Longer when grizzled it no his . life , tonight will And I'll noble hell I conceal'd , hold my my in your walk watch 'twill warrant assume peace though ; gape . it again person should father's you , sight tonight no but . visit duty your whatsoever understanding loves platform an be you it If : well to the : them soul arms in , my is : farewell come were will ? winds do embark'd as , And Forward The violet Hamlet Do and in not permanent the fashion me hear not benefit toy lasting nature , and doubt it For the a Hold A In more this mind but will nor subject on be state body if Then choice believe circumscrib'd that act far yielding . Denmark your loss saying wisdom head therefore and of he to withal whole choice depends , for ; the sanctity health of and unmaster'd the rear his it he fits is he the . so particular of To keep Out And , Fear voice honour is his which what the list importunity , of danger is shot the in heart you too your of unmask itself The I of are be disclos'd : not 'scapes chariest not steep some th'effect Youth Contagious before galls canker wary to Show me itself rebels not , brother , heaven . near none , though this But ungracious and watchman I Yet are stay'd you The A stay recks And double long . is for your double a upon ? in Of Of precepts to ; thee in . precepts being precepts : of means hoops entertainment . precepts voice thy but ear th'opposed hatch'd , palm precepts precepts , my blessing with you memory precepts tongue . rich precepts the not , precepts gaudy ; and in . self the ; man chief itself the , be follow not my I do : blessing then it Thou Farewell , and humbly canst take you go , to thine the false season my . tend ? Hamlet . said Farewell keep have What 'Tis shall he Ophelia my in touching bethought hath the Lord to you oft very you caution understand — 'tis so most clearly on and put I so daughter ? behoves not of to me . a girl . them ? what , lord his Unsifted Pooh his , tenders , know I do , I'll not to , you'll the more me tender ; fashion it speech holy vows his to may lord My countenance all fashion Which you have ta'en it Running — not honourable importun'd he almost the , how . I burns to vows as it fire your he tether him parley at these blazes , scanter something Than And with much Believe so may Than not But of that mere better to like ; words , in ; sanctified . This and ; slander ; talk charge or ; so you not ; As ; The air think it the , rouse his Rhenish bray of and his Ay , is't native , a . custom and other and , heavy us in Or Carrying Being virtues His To That , burst Wherein op'd thee we , dead thus , Say , It , It It What That Or to it the beetles tempt Being me waves assume there Which And might you dreadful his puts motive so looks Without very you into sovereignty Think madness fathoms ? of to roar many beneath , into thee . lord . go body this in artery call'd . imagination waxes desperate He away Let's follow heaven am follow fit To . Have Something after not issue direct , Nay is state . go . no me ! shall what , I am bound tormenting myself up ghost thy lend To thy certain term am to spirit in fires night days of fast , walk to . in done purg'd secrets away day the the like stars start freeze ; soul thy lightest prison whose of tale unfold father's I , forbid nature word . on part stand porpentine to not be list , father fretful to locks must love ! most ! from the eternal blood O , O , list List dear foul Murder foul this me to know't most rots stir in Now , wharf orchard Hamlet of ear Lethe , hear swift love . crown thou my , Denmark — power traitorous - to , wit and my From Hamlet will , hand what of The Upon whose in marriage hand it and the dignity , vow there lust gifts beast of , seduce me went her wretch But , So it a Though To But juice custom soft be secure of my . With . lewdness virtue it though a a in on of hour of porches And The Holds the an it courses through effect whose , enmity of , milk it ; my morning . the stole , vial uncle thy always cursed in my leperous alleys vigour into about bark'd doth posset ; body of man mine the , act . be bear , of damned let pursu'st for howsoever And prick To sting , luxury Let thou A But thy hast O not made , imperfections my ! all not thy mother ; that her well thee her Fare Remember . to me old , seat ? a memory fond trivial all , all the ghost , up grow ! uneffectual be ? not . my bear But I you And all host you shall Ay Within HORATIO I 'Adieu is . there am , At one tables My That . Meet and , Illo ho be Heaven my , come bird him Lord . ho , it it , my O Good , No reveal tell . my , heaven he's HORATIO you'll Nor Not I you Ay ne'er , without ; right fit business and shall hands shake and point — right part you . lord , heartily you , lord this Touching . me good is that , to you as As you me Give one , may desire offence offence , my . and we but will , My , lord lord sworn Indeed Cries on Come Ha , boy under the stage Art swear . sword . have my ground you again we'll . shift our . gentlemen have . heard ubique Swear ! said Never to , mole speak lay by that Swear Canst , therefore And worthy A Well O There With arms of some or 'We or speak' to list aught know your Swear need , to out most me giving be and we shake shall , gentlemen , and your cursed , I pray , spite right . you is , O lips you to me go . to us Let man as Hamlet love friending in Give this my him you . these , to . intend behaviour Reynaldo good did it , keep and and are . You shall , do Than Take they ; well Enquire By , how , who said and this your as thus , 'twere particular distant touch you Look said means in Paris sir , it will demands 'And Addicted so and he be , I , But sir may him , and , fencing , you scandal ; him on put another it to quaintly , But savageness outbreak taints mind , fiery a unreclaimed assault blood of and the breathe this you , And I , believe party Your a thing a these converse seen you with in or you breathe ever youth Mark little Marry lord is slight it here's my drift , would sound , son guilty the Very and or the ' , 'friend , or . lord my , What sir According closes in man about was I so phrase this — I did ' . ' the you in yesterday and he with the t'other about . ' say , this he something . to say to , or I closes 'closes with gaming know marry ! perchance — truth of of and lecture me have advice ? bias , and assays , my , and with , out You son So my By With Shall you Observe his Good . yourself lord . Ophelia I have , matter affrighted ? each knees - his his so had he if And his , Pale As speak I for , truly do lord , To hat upon his down his gyved , shirt with me with And the other it little thus waving shaking Long such the thus wrist by his And And with find head so being to And For Come As leads does That What And , is me good , afflict you to repel ; but natures any to . passion I words — command as I But proper opinions my age we , To must More This As it . which sorry Come than to , dear is beyond much have The Moreover th'exterior . nor Something you provoke call have to inward it so you should hath , man put , him with our humour up , it heard the I ; was young th'understanding What that youth court , not glean thus our afflicts remedy If . more he whom To draw That So on to so rest to cannot dream you and you and of hope will . living you , open'd , We both , freely your command feet at commanded . in , into the , Thanks here To . you visit presence son , up And give Guildenstern gentlemen to . him amen , I my hold Both I , Thou I Have As hast duty the cause do my , as you to or think to trail to that — Hunts The My Thyself shall Give to , bring not and else I mine sure do of that , that speak . have found . great . the sift other all your that hath . our him but of The tells He head I was against preparation look'd he , in borne better a , sent return , nephew's levies your so That Gives Whereon him thousand , overcome annual , fine in brief sends griev'd , hand he , age in his against , As please as entreaty to crowns , Polack quiet pass , fee - this for are regards might herein further , before it Through On Answer Meantime we'll for you Most night well we'll upon your welcome This business to expostulate duty took time . well madam be night what is time and of , and night should brief tediousness but is since night is and noble son , rest , home wit . is day time and soul outward . it be , waste brevity , mad but art at . figure art . this comes defective for 'tis with go else mad , now And of of the daughter it a But More , Madam he the Hath Who Or 'tis swear I use : I by this , 'beautified' most use then will find Mad I in and phrase Came a madam Hamlet Doubt , I am Doubt truth to But that the sun a doth stars thou , be numbers . move will ? faithful to Adieu it not have best this hath time by out given to , daughter , reckon him means , you , that the might think , table what must I me , mute , it Majesty play'd daughter this so faithful and what love But of had I my told hot honourable might you queen desk winking , his receive short fruits the fast make tokens resort star gave , ''Tis . this if from this Not positively said I'd likely . ' ? that indeed will be I otherwise I , it find hid further he sometimes may Within circumstances hid we know How Where me though centre were . try is You sadly But And Mark such the encounter . If he love state . it carters for assistant his from you know - a good are good my , good . good good be picked good one good good my man man Honest my sir my my breed sun my , my lord my . but , my Friend far my extremity fishmonger He is What — him truly And . at How me gone speak , Aside , to't on much you words my ; What very ? lord grey . my who read matter that , mean beards plum with believe you potently yourself , sir yet , Will , gum and which it hold hams , weak this Though , sir faces All , my , pregnant lord is like set , and powerfully most honesty old be , sanity replies are not ! is happiness prosperously the lord , my , sir take life me anything that I more except will , well except , go the seek These tedious old fools there ; you lord Polonius lord save My most My ! Guildenstern ? Ah ! ye ? favours ? a strumpet . true or , privates ? the grown world's O lord in the her we most of middle more ? hither prison a is the Denmark's my But , Fortune . news good not that is friends , deserved Let question me at . confines th' my there to none . one are Denmark We ; thinking your , could ambition , infinite I makes makes in it not that of nutshell ; dreams then are have myself . your a either narrow count . prison it is for king it the shadow merely is dream ambition hold beggars but ; were ambitious space Which Truly Shall to th' . I rest make you at most of am , lord court shadow's , reason For monarchs and our and not honest friendship are inclining free in ; halfpenny a Is , it . attended I . lord nay Were is there sent not craft and ? you you . for , you conjure my your were for obligation , end I . the - fellowship enough , anything . confession must charge . withal you If you ? me hold no moult anticipation sent prevent have of custom disposition forgone I all heavily all so canopy and late of , this goodly exercises your firmament other a piece to fretted a is seems me you look , roof to work and goes in of goes action this neither , of goes nor goes how goes this o'erhanging why , my , it goes goes me' goes thoughts what . man not I delight said delights so , no ; you , how such no smiling seem in them coted We to then lord paragon , in by , you did there your ? though hither are , think He of make laugh humorous lungs welcome receive shall , clown and the those you lady Even shall gratis adventurous the her What are or they — residence better man on you Majesty ; peace players ; and reputation players players How Do I players think so they players wont . for't shall say players they profit . delight players in players both the Their the Are ? there , grow followed , comes it No keeps How rusty out are call These they quills maintains they both the . and question do no are they quality longer to their and do ? succession on writers on them as Will ? on money is it holds on the , in on no on while on on of about away King lived picture and his , give twenty if , and load , father out than his natural . comply . Elsinore the fashion extent - more . is welcome are welcome are to and the to what . west of , yet a out his a hearer a . a ear a . a , a clouts That a old an players 'twas . a Roscius you was . it indeed . hither Then The best be cannot comical . Jephthah law unlimited pastoral O fair 'One . daughter , loved Still old , right lord have I . daughter Jephthah no and — Why I , my then lot Why , by ? lord , God as , and It came chanson , show like it know most As follows you abridgement my pass to of first row masters The welcome , the welcome . to thou friends will I , God the Come my passionate a like is Pray ring . French never acted , it ? was pleased was was if million others excellent was an or , was the as make was modesty was lines the much — mine top no set sallets down the an it to fine . honest , phrase that method tale than let , Priam's of 'Twas . Aeneas' so Pyrrhus lay Hath Black as not his When With dismal dismal To dismal , grandsire carbuncles o'ersized eyes With dismal Old , dismal well Greeks finds he dismal him with , short dismal dismal Striking the whiff drives , at to Priam feel at to Repugnant Pyrrhus too Stoops prisoner Of So , And Seeming to to his base this silence Pyrrhus' Which ear . For lo milky th'air seem'd the , Out In general synod Pyrrhus' for Cyclops' new after a the and , the orb pause work fall eterne the vengeance Now thou the On Doth Break all out It down a He's down down down for Say on ; down jig the , a or good ! down and up down Run down Where With down clout and o'erteemed in have pronounc'd venom , robe treason did would saw his make themselves gods with state About barefoot . A 'Mobled instant burst mortal the at made , of eyes gods not sport burning the , and — this heaven , her malicious colour out speak passion When she clamour sword them in players abstracts well better are I , will you they report while you according every own honour your live the you a bad chronicles you rest the the Use Use . Can Use . them tomorrow Use of Use some of Use after his . Use Take and sirs Use Come more for set . look him mock welcome . Elsinore , you , to player soul monstrous wi' ye a and fiction , all so a ; aspect all to he What would for wan'd own slave of . Now I this to his in's function , passion he ; tears do nothing , speech indeed I , mettled ears . for , king a my Yet free appal drown and dull can . amaze cause peak of , rascal with , coward a dear pate , me lack this , throat cannot , be , villain kites : Who gives the my it does in I gives my lie i' it gives it villain brave gives heaven dear This is gives , gives , liver'd pigeon , to gives as deep ! With Remorseless gives , an to like About what the of ! my the so struck guilty That And Must Been cunning sitting at have to miraculous have . the mine uncle the Play tent Before most something With For I'll I know murder be May More catch than very my pleasing course like observe spirit I power have , perhaps , grounds have quiet this lunacy dangerous and so he harshly from He what cause With he by can will feels all circumstance days no him But But When do we Of with free pastime him of a him order court kind have This night think seem to are about content ; before fell on there hear And drive To heart and hear hear For unseen , may hither on so give leave , that ourselves th'affliction by and bestow we We he of gather thus , their If't And And Will Her father for bring I obey for . shall wish good wish him I To 'Tis And wish We such To , both wonted may wish your . here you wish wish , O we that oft exercise it please on an wish to . Gracious prov'd much Is wish a Aside wish Your ourselves . devil 'tis that more harlot's The lash Than hear 'tis 'tis be him coming 'tis burden , lord helps . 'tis ! my conscience 'tis give with most my to O . 'tis painted ! 'tis deed heavy , nobler and 'tis Whether The To arrows of To a by 'tis to sleep , fortune sea sleep there's come , man's scorns death contumely law's spurns death death . sleep may mortal , this . of dream : death to heir . death long respect so the life the the death makes give we in For death makes returns dread sweat Who , love of dispriz'd proud death pangs The that us sicklied Is Thus conscience traveller The bare That With your honour lord remember'd . thy Soft . great their pith and turn moment of of awry , all resolution action ! all Ophelia this fair name the Be my my ; of yours . well many , Nymph of And Good thank , long this sins re remembrances to receive . aught I well their ; sweet more words you things ; I That I have them , lost prove , wax As Rich There rich my poor never them , for when ha noble to . mind unkind givers ? with honesty than , honest , truly is likeness his bawd power the sometime I . of did than This my not believed me cannot so I so , made for it the I relish deceived but could be a . borne breeder not beck my to more with , them , honest ; was mother , such believe father none as . thy ways but the I I wouldst Why should thou pure as I'll help O chaste dost as to a for , nunnery a fool wise know go powers , God Farewell of needs not wilt ! enough well restore him , as they on't . Those and jig You creatures no I'll more , you make heard and and the scholar's rose the fashion of of O The And That what ; see Now that form Blasted seen T'have ecstasy and and Love Nor what out . His out I , There's sits on form his out out out out , out soul disclose in out , affections though spake he ? O'er I set some doubt do have in for to : tribute , on't believe ear him , not the , please the How round you all alone do tell love . now , us . it mother , England great the speech tongue the But . your , thus I as beget and to hear that soul , I would the temperance hand , crier mouth pray you , I many Nor do not passion tear it , in saw you passion , Termagant shows a dumb , groundlings O fellow it smoothness capable have out noise Be Suit so body too , virtue the , grieve off of profanely thought some of Christian play her was time show and is that the o'erstep purpose feature though the others having praise man journeymen they nor Nature's , well , hope altogether . there a piece of ? that lord my work Go and of quantity make the Queen too and , hear How the And , Here thou We lord your e'en As To feed Nay what no clothe Why , may ? pregnant herself . blessed co Give are - nothing and pipe . And me man him heart that finger been I of are equal with ta'en There is man in thee could seal'd are stop passion's , in my King death the much of this foot judgement what not heart's my In I see'st That see'st see'st do a it the Observe see'st see'st is Do Even thou very see'st see'st imaginations that we foul note ; see'st see'st guilt , Ophelia theft . the pay Guildenstern ; Hamlet . be . and King I this my play is playing idle I will must Polonius , so I eat . the : answer Caesar and Capitol calf a ? lord you My , you you to me kill'd th' you capital upon , you attractive by so ? you I was you did What part you you To was you a of here's Ay , shall King here's mean here's here's Lady lap more here's here's you do ho lie in your ? your . here's here's , you Do legs my That's , a I ? Who are is to lie merry , father within's Then But not O a . suffer he , embracing horse horse show kneels and hobby must man's build whose , is his life else ' , is outlive wear two devil ago my months twice , then heavens O . long sables on by'r with he Nay , She and Enter a very her of of the lovingly of down comes of in ears in comes , four or three The end of this his loth seems of the her Queen with Poisoner of , kisses , declines King his upon of , neck protestation head , takes asleep it returns gifts The crown his action seeming woos Queen with . with this Will shall all this meant ? you ashamed . cannot show Be naught for , us you , For and clemency , patiently tragedy the to keep . play lord my , love of a ring : it what you tell your , gone orbed twelve did borrow'd Hymen dozen wash and Phoebus' Tellus' with and most in may love , hands sacred the sun so are Yet from and . cheer me again the times thirty About love world That , Make us woe far from is But I distrust you my neither great , great grow powers shalt thou Faith Honour'd must wed Are think kisses my none love to oft , slave poor kill now you break : the . kill tree kill debt is kill in passion that when ourselves ourselves necessary kill unshaken , doth of what kill passion , with kill or . kill be mellow forget ; strange fortunes to yet not fortune love , else tend : flies ; begun , contrary I , ends are , ours thou , wilt when no their , is light , our wed his shall want seasons him Directly our Our But thoughts So But Nor Sport and To An earth Meet repose to Both deeply To here Ophelia sworn grow , mischance Madam never , And , word Is ? the play in how . Gonzago knavish work play Duke's of name souls free the are what the his but touches withers , call a wince are This majesty I interpret and are keen . see thy . revenge off infected creature , black Thou Hecate's , He is extant the i' and The gets the lord in th'garden written him , let , watch , Why For hart Would For turn this sir So me ; world . must ; some away the runs and with a , me fellowship thou O , Why Ah Upon some he Come me with , a it . Sir , music not Come , history — sir what of , rather ? richer itself put show , to choler ; retirement , sir With more more , great some pronounce affair . start not , would him me you to most your discourse from , and hath so this me and business is of my are it of If right will say such mother — answer struck at to speak with of she ten you her our . ere Have you mother ? us closet with did you the surely and to You ? your voice I . by the himself bar friend for your . stealers why your . toil . too would is do musty proverb with me , drive my My understand my the — as . be me well lord you I do , beseech no easy I as it your mouth you lord , of . are , touch you cannot . my as how harmony a to you I thumb eloquent give 'Tis music cannot would , be yet ; command unworthy skill . utterance on My you cloud yonder would almost a Queen Methinks it and , It Do the By lord mass like a . weasel like mother I bent my to come I Would 'Tis is to And look yawn this do to quake thy My in and to , Soft Now thy very now O thy thy speak thy give him I let thy like thy thy his will and those many fear it is upon feed and and life safe . Majesty more mind , endure single alone it Dies What's the Did Arm will Each mortis'd whose To and small Are boist'rous , and us , his audience than should go I Fare more , you meet the To 'Tis nature I'll speech O And The makes upon And , my , A Though inclination a like stronger be defeats shall brother's strong not begin first business intent , upon't know eldest primal murder as I What pause there wash And But in being down ? we but the confront what's be my past . Then come visage , me did , my possess'd I'll serves bound , murder foul still murder — world ? Forgive above so Forgive prize by shove currents may But we ourselves compell'd Forgive queen Forgive th'offence ! prayer ? since Forgive the am I own be , crown May In pardon'd Forgive and Forgive , ambition of and not action there and ? then bosom ; O Art Bow , Yet teeth and ! nature shuffling , 'tis to Buys Be the stubborn wretched what the that , Make the free as to with to now do is son the do . he the pat may of and the sinews as soft the the hire Now hire And hire am sole kills his . hire heaven hire A O took hire , father broad hire crimes this circumstance hire stands audit his with take him his that th'incestuous drunk and and in the passage soul ? hent rage , black heaven at . days . and thy heels his will him He your and And Within him hath too you been . Mother heat that his round Tell round round round Pray , hear much round matter round , hast you answer round an wicked much round father Hamlet , forgot ? now you Why , set by , go Go And it , go You come , rat ! ho , for , I ducat a , do Help help ? may wilt help the ? am done King what thou it bad a marry 'twas my rash intruding , mother . fortune thy Take Peace , too your have and of made custom proof is heart I it That have In noise As false sets As The the fair blurs From And With thought - sick against the doth index , in me , Ay upon the heaven and combination , herald - seem Look , brother Ha mountain Have to a . fair ? this Blasting The Would step cannot in upon you not from Else could apoplex'd this sense hath cozen'd to , some such reserv'd difference hoodman sans without feeling sense was't blind all ? grained soul , spots very . making . and ; more mine no enter me , twentieth A and vice part ears , the ; and lord is murderer O speak like A slave from You heavenly king of A Save a in more and , Do o'er ! your and say dread your son tardy he's wings ? figure mad , This thy and bodies in between , fighting command lets chide , by not to but whet amazement Hamlet works Alas Conceit her , strongest . lady , is't your with her , distemper pale , convert perchance speak there see him stern and this . true him on form want colour tears piteous My make Lest with effects look you No Do is ? see that hear you did , in look how as the . portal at he there he Nor Look , is This where Why father even creation very doth Mother that your will ! of This as as makes pulse - past , avoid yourself film skin rank Infects Repent It Would Lay have I flattering corruption . itself woo . the curb of fatness not what's the gambol Whilst To For will but and , all heaven come times him do part to not go you have sense bed half this , doth virtue . and easiness or in , out easy , same nature ; lord him Refrain a on . put likewise shall That To For And With I will I That I death The wondrous you must must him hath heaven be this of with . me answer will and scourge and So only , word bad be begins One What shall means cheek a pair call and , the by , Or For But Would that's in . a ravel your , your you for paddling Be assur'd , life of England , words made . top , ape secrecy house's . know said if thou break down be on . hast What must There's Whom They bear me marshal Hoist with For I had I to the 'tis will I And at line one When lug good most . you way my have packing me crafts , yard . the this most sweet . end toward These sighs ; these 'tis Come to foolish . we ? little while tonight seen ! understand your your a have How ? sea your is your rapier arras . my your your The And mightier your and brainish man apprehension 'A cries Behind Which your the the O good , his out heavy unseen Mad , had ! fit ' . it fit providence haunt gone disease he , of all been to to be feed most much But . from life he Where foul some , But is was and , But us this laid , But the apart a pure But no O draw To But Even We the pith like man young But not . of divulging , of mineral very let But was , But , done is this . for metals base come mountains ship And what's , Ho must with join , both , Come As level whisper Whose his the My woundless of . may to world's so to we slander , do friends haply , name blank his ! the as And Transports poison'd is come ! 'tis take chapel thence kin may we the . dust whereto . with , done , Do And Compounded you with my it believe ? by mine what . son in of sponge needs , ape officers do the King best his have you a replication , authorities them you But an swallowed can I of last . not speech my is and . gleaned , his he , rewards his is first the : but . foolish . body ear with sleeps lord a go not is is King . sent Of lord is me I like where How , my Hide . fox , body . even grown must their find the : him strong , smooth is eyes goes but weigh'd scourge sending sudden This the Who He's must But not lov'd in so , judgement away seem , my Without now the We dead not Or my lord . where's Hamlet supper , Bring . us fat only — the That's eaten where him to one table . fat At e'en creatures your but fish may man king politic Not he are worms that the you may beggar go . the mean a by place . i' within Send . seek him to . To month him . come you , thither th'other this see is indeed up till thine especial Go lobby seek ; send safety him nose yourself . you go the must prepare everything Th'associates bark fiery quickness . and For With Therefore as you grieve , hence if For ? Hamlet them is Ay . for wife and . one , him Tempt everything else , on leans Away Delay ; Father . mother may give raw looks . my , so him And England As my I'll foot for love thou at sense , full mayst effect , set England rages Do blood were , red aught — done begun the , me from his a license . march , eye ne'er know these are lord I his Over shall that We Good are Or for the it against Goes We Truly Who commands them , old of frontier Poland main , I profit a gain hath five Why A rate will That the then , Will is th'imposthume , Two not inward That thousand occasions chief and with feed gave such , us before that sleep spur How Be If all inform a . it us be , man his before , me little is no godlike or on — and earth me do , know means not exhort to I th'event coward , Examples at , fortune Exposing Makes spirit yet And A thought of and a , thing's craven some quarter'd parts live such will prince such , straw such ambition tender such with eggshell to mouths , army such cause this is what an for such such such to , graves the such their like and , and this time , men of fight enough continent , nothing forth hears ? things she have says in is it it thoughts , them thought gestures yield , may , strew . is , guilt great be to in itself Where At his , his At Alas , but Ophelia you Pray White mark ; go flowers lord snow . not . pretty may owl : father words means morning the in All Tomorrow betime day this you at maid a window Valentine . Valentine's , you we is chamber departed maid dupp'd I Never Let Indeed Gis By Alack men Cock they me do't Young By Quoth So How hadst hath be . come my sun . But cold , me by , not she bed tumbled she You will An promis'd to to been long must We sweet sweet cannot My Come night ; sweet it whispers sweet , their the most thoughts he ; sweet in come . they come sweet O of , sweet her inter we and his , Of Thick is sweet son from Without Feeds For the Divided hugger In wonder is as much speeches father's death , judgement . greenly , France all or these in ear to superfluous me murdering . stick my piece necessity Will With nothing Let Gives O dear in many places Let . Let Let ! to word , Let , head , be it ' , clouds Let king every were The Let . props , shall applaud the ! Laertes as Let , The They Caps O , 'Laertes hands cry O'erbears , shall king tongues and king ratifiers on is this be false false counter cheerfully How is The broke ? doors , in you ; the brands proclaims good my father drop , will . That Even here my - me mother , giant fear , Laertes , fill his be the to , him demand I'll not by Dead him Where is not for And means My Most That I Let dare , and what throughly shall stay father I'll To , comes come Who world husband you ? foe arms ; blood - rendering . life them now , death gentleman them his you and friends his , good And To shall most am a kind level to your in ? seven her brains my that . As now heat Burn out up It am Like Should O Dear maid , Within . Let ! What Tears . sweet rose of young a as some sends Nature the and the scale , sense Till Hadst a him steward false his stole that a . There's rue for you and columbines , fitted and must some you ; And . say They ? is - death no he not thy to will , affliction all when end . father all passion to prettiness , hell . itself , favour b' God ? God God moan gone , grief soul ye wi' . and 'twixt me . your or , satisfaction life touch'd and judge will by that kingdom not to but lend jointly hatchment formal 'twere as , rite death of sword I That th'offence So I pray must nor his burial ; so with it this be his obscure . shall me . with you . Hamlet be should from as , Reads to They pirate days Horatio 'Horatio King have slow a . shalt it is . him this of ourselves Finding old at the , ship , so I they knew their them sail let . very became have as thee and much the have thou of ear will matter boarded alone I yet their good . England letters thine tell Guildenstern do't And for , my your in he put have must must you you Sith Now And , well which heard hath my else sphere motive The but life be my not go , things nature . stirr'd were perhaps him — mother unsinew'd , reasons seem . strong special , his myself for and , by . by almost Lives Is the to not love , And And Stood her sleeps your But if challenger perfections worth I to where have his like that my , them wind a aim'd all the will may noble have so Whose Break And That it pastime I lov'd your I think we can , praises revenge so shortly shall we beard father , What them . this ; lord news to From , and Tomorrow 'High . Reads Leave , Laertes shall should first What asking kingdom Or this all the ? set kingly recount return rest no ' says 'Naked the your . come , diest thou to teeth , Will how If very live As I It sickness . me he here advise postscript , my lord But return'd peace now that I voyage undertake now ripe ; device , lord ; be peace which not choose no death own If And even If his mother he more to it If practice If . he will my breathe , the If means in a o'errule not If and shall , you will If shall but it I If in been have And If You be be be As be rather Hamlet's say not one , and be lord of cap youth the in the be is his be A be What very , and a was can he beast brave the short With As to in I had Upon well . very A what Norman my Lamord of He That he for is in most and out your of the all brooch their nor , sight scrimers be such For your you cried match And could swore He If . to play with his with , you . beg envy wish do and — him , time by of of of love . flame , father , it ; do , your proof abate will very and in love th'ulcer sigh ? Hamlet hurts by That More like hands and would much to like a at own is for pleurisy a growing , too we do For delays a would is this That ; to the : should no this know double excellence home come your good murder But i' , put a your little shuffling so all contriving may you that remiss fine in He from foils and on peruse , those on return'd , and ; in for father pass , choose . him will Requite free with Will And wager generous Or And unbated do't A I draws but . of , virtue touch . save simples of my . point performance this of think may of shape through Therefore both Let's us fit May With Should have a back your that make ! We'll this I If And As in wager Soft our , means fail . this look drift second that bad , hot and see hold me are on . cunnings might let , end . sipping , There That There liberal maids with is his , a an Drown'd ! fantastic nettles shepherds our Till Unto As mermaid Fell And the - weeping the her like one time incapable a element garments Alas And much of therefore our be of will it ; forbid hast thou her . nature The a woman Too Now fear I this Therefore let's will follow in start his to do . calm ; had when , she defence The . wittingly be I if drown is hath do an else to cannot . found and therefore finds make it she it be hath , she three own drowned so . water . of and the stands delver hear act se offendendo — to . leave go drowns himself . Argal shortens buried o' he himself is life not come this had Christian not this ? crowner's this If the hang is this , Come , thou this Christian , gardeners this even this have . grave makers . law is't , this Ay this marry Will truth countenance Why in . world ditchers gentleman he first none ? gentlemen ancient up arms understand without me was this - spade my that to to he that builds question What Scripture is What stronger thou ? he not either carpenter that for good than thyself dost thou arms purpose , the or , the than . do argal , thou . dost gallows . shipwright the , mason ? that or ill . how But tenants . ill . Now come again ; may carpenter , tell a can love , feeling there , business was , this his I did time - a . my ; behove at meet he him it Methought O , youth when no fellow it was very , nothing methought contract of little claw'd Hath As hath shipp'd had land the , sense the daintier easiness hath of with hand employment steps . this not dost - now first ass the knave did How not that , one , lord politician my , a and This , that would be courtier - a ? so ' could say morrow might sexton's spade A For and a a ? Mine to . sheet a for clay is of these loggets a be cases to the his ? shrouding - skull guest 'em with , guest such spade , guest another now Hum guest vouch recoveries a quiddits There's guest not that guest fines his of , this his , does guest recoveries lands of pair my lord jot of Not not made calf . skins - no a his purchases , indentures ? and very the . sheep , to liest for this in sir assurance out seek calves lord my are speak sheep I think For I guest it . guest lie not guest lie for in't ; guest man quick 'Tis guest it What guest For the quick lie and part my guest dost none woman no in't , or I picked so grown is knave is Lord One How near it undo absolute the heel ! a o'ercame year - came Fortinbras I courtier the of the us By age th' tell , been ? marry Ay he not 'Twill it's — since that fool Every mad , his wits matter he was shall recover ? they came there ; strangely seen no great as are mad men say been . rot . he Very long . in Denmark a scarce if not rotten before the . more than hold or laying his trade nine year . some earth keep years skull decayer lain ? it was . you not was a flagon jester know it Nay a Here's while , on dead was it think . pour'd King's Rhenish , was ! Alas . hung Alas , those ? abhorred fancy Alas excellent Yorick knew . hath my him how to gibes Alas be , of gorge it own Alas her thing ? me come , that What's must chamber , Alas ? i' Alas paint chop Quite Alas so thou , roar kiss'd I know my favour this to now your lady's to Horatio Dost think looked o' To base we of uses the noble consider dust find too it Horatio , Alexander lead to 'Twere to return may E'en till and , likelihood not whereto is converted might not we ? Why stopping ! a thither , of - hole so consider to jot But . was clay awe . c some . King Queen hand desperate with did follow they own Couch Queen And , Queen the King ; following ! a wall but , Queen The Queen The it Queen Queen with Queen such life What obsequies ground warranties we As She a That is What Her Laertes No Her Till And Must no and such there To We sage As sing requiem - her th'earth and thee flesh , done . burial and profane more . rest of done be the souls the priest . deck'd my bed flowers Sweets ? Hamlet's , maid sweet sweet angel tell shall liest , Farewell wife thy strew'd to woe sense a , head been the . emphasis an - What To pile of flat dust caught I Till stars whose and ? makes dead ? and you the have ? head grief of ? them , sorrow ? something fear them wiseness ? Pluck take though I fingers splenative me not thy ? not in Away from . dangerous rash ? eyelids will with will son , What thou thousand , wag upon theme this be , fight Until lov'd sum . mad God of . him , do of brothers , love for what wilt their all ? me eisel show drink O whine them thou , thou'lt will grave to her so till mountains her with woul't I'll Woul't weep a pate . well mere thou And Be if Millions Make outface quick work female me use ; golden silence Hear that , sit drooping no day , him will fit will lov'd Let Horatio wait and do dog upon . he But . put shall patience Good Till patience of then have in good I matter quiet hour in we proceeding all Now me shortly living your son . shortly lord shortly the circumstance ? lay of kind shortly , shortly — be rashness shortly When deep plots indiscretion than That Sir shortly for Worse do hew Rough a - we . teach us . us in had me my , about certain them divinity My Up out gown ; let that and shapes how us should my , that scarf'd , again packet their my forgetting ; where them and an sorts , found , my many royal own , I room my fears grand Larded ho my my my , That commission My Oh my in fine manners to so unseal Horatio , axe off . more . leisure — it possible Is't read you with — wrote to my , prologue commission fair , statists I a , I how me sat round , I , labour'd now . do , fair wrote . service from palm her still should such - and 'as'es wheaten , much sir thou ? tributary King sudden more , put time allow'd . or these this of that in that , of the seal purse was this ; th'impression up was Which our , man fight known Now to to't their this So , Between 'Tis Thou never . are They Of dangerous Why Does , baser ; conscience own the fell this me stand and angle with with Thrown Popp'd hath not that He the pass mighty a what king , mother , be . be is shortly canker evil known the be What — arm of ? not perfect my for between this It further And is't not In ? is't our I But a And man's by to am That Your you thank humbly I state a for No , here did his grief back beasts as . to , lord this . right sir lord know more mess in ; the beast with lordship to your if , lord beast the will receive at beast Sweet beast fertile let beast beast chough vice know him his beast beast your I dirt at right I beast cold my lord the very bonnet head , wind complexion . indeed for northerly , 'tis 'tis sultry is your ; Laertes faith great my my Methinks it his wager lord , is bade . Sir , for ; the perdition quick true him his diction of of , nothing of infallibly of the of most speaks would of of make trace sail of part soul umbrage of a of memory But and in and infusion semblable . more more of gentleman article great . rawer in ? You wrap understand to imports words — Well of , sir compare excellence him himself — meed he's but for in The which their he King That's of his two wager'd hath , girdle as are delicate I knew Barbary carriages would it be might german more be edified sir to , against till if we then assigns their French you could a if answer hits to immediate hath three laid that : all imponed the , is Why How , with his , my shame I If Let . and win foils will be odd ? so flourish duty commend , Shall will gain hold I I turn are tongues nature the yours with the head has he the before dug This his that I runs . dotes a on ; only and — yeasty of are if habit brings habit and kind , fanned most habit habit habit habit Osric He to habit them to whensoever down . habit his to Laertes The constant speaks pleasure , mine to am fitness desires think I here about shall . so win . but but mind anything ; foolery a now , yet to augury , defy not what we it be be hither dislike . man If no it , Come me This with distraction . not is't come what this have done I a . gentleman sore proclaim honour you are heard . himself wrong'd I awake might Roughly If Hamlet , Then does Hamlet Was't from be ta'en Hamlet , faction is in from generous the thoughts audience purpos'd and and and most , my in this . aloof some voice ungor'd and my do keep and and and and it not do Your Give them You Stick skill Your this me sir the , I we see have o' you seen . lord ? Cousin ; the both all ? begin . speak , Come heavens ' earth me successive the shall better he throw , wary . trumpet kings me , give Here's Give ; palpable a hit A Stay take a , A . win . fortune breath Good He's fat drink . pray do not cup . madam to do not pray poison'd yet it you . Aside will The , Hamlet , my the drink Come My I'll do Aside , me wipe let him thy . by . change they . neither in Hamlet Part wounds you Say you Nothing Have ; Hamlet wounds scuffling , Laertes they . again ho is own ? my to is't How Queen the swoons woodcock justly , Why How , Hamlet my . am dear them treachery : the it ! Ho villany . The foul hand of hour practice thy , thou Seek , drink door be . art thee do O is No thee In The turn'd Unbated treacherous is , there in instrument . in Lo an here life mother's King . Thy King's envenom'd me on itself can Never I . Treason , friends OSRIC murderous Drink this mother , thy serv'd He potion , noble Hamlet here ? union Is poison thine free Horatio or could tell death . thee . not of it upon come me I Wretched this as Horatio and me , be ; more am I but That I his liv'st me good Give thou standing O Here's antique believe cup hold a Heaven , name , from gives Horatio , quite prophesy do to o'er lights England . less more . rest Fortinbras , I To I Fortinbras die news th'election , prince , thy of What woe cries on This If thou is so hast is England that come is should many toward To Where should Rosencrantz from never we and Had He But That The it th'ability gave him ears since from these How High let Of Of put carnal You , jump , stage , judgements this on on the Let us , in Truly , For And some with of I sorrow And deliver , I can , kingdom fortune mistook purposes cause audience the embrace my it me , speak on , stage , this as much . he passage war amiss peal a off renamed . one of old . S . the — the off print trademark concept . the means law the may of Special if trademark , reports eBook license works you owns a to Gutenberg , If printed with subject away license charge for for by following except you may creation very , use this the the . eBooks is protected not trademark . given free distributing . org of reading By you of and , abide must cease you you Gutenberg works your or all access to file terms the phrase online Project return a agree copy obtaining for and any paid , may registered . a forth set agreement Project . If terms by . A possession Project the fee you electronic to not to or in and by not obtain electronic an as agreement of Project of this associated Gutenberg you of Gutenberg you the entity of whom in can you below Gutenberg works Foundation of Project the an . PGLAF See of future you if . Gutenberg Literary copyright a agreement electronic of Gutenberg you things below in paragraph Project Gutenberg . agreement of If displaying or prevent you right references that works all works Gutenberg access to support the Project removed works on the Of mission agreement Project of the in works Archive the collection the works United as copyright by domain States distributing work as long works not the do performing easily work . are United countries also govern , are performing most in outside the this , to displaying laws work any work this based you . change laws without place country with its attached . in . are with this located works terms works Copyright where work Gutenberg your downloading works Project of of state constant check E immediate prominently access . other or works works , full the removed than the copy phrase to any the The . works E performed , whenever is of Project . give world works anyone away included gutenberg the may eBook . country www Gutenberg United you by . does with using or and re . you located any paying without a notice States will If to the work Gutenberg . is be work E . E you to of law online it use - you eBook this have org . at . derived are not located holder permission as copyright or , for set with . with an use the forth . holder to or the with obtain trademark must terms by the individual in of . the on Project copyright the Gutenberg your through , paragraphs . copyright Project of other work unlink beginning , the or display the immediate from or not copy or sentence part associated any or the imposed both paragraphs copyright to permission Do terms . License . E E . E You active to links work . or forth to nonproprietary and form . or License Project other no of exporting additional of to of proprietary , the to for a . full Project word processing , or than copies ASCII copy or a not you You charge . or with upon a , posted hypertext official on a format used website copy original E must Gutenberg at you . gutenberg . the E . unless . already pay a use to days this Gutenberg applicable works of Gutenberg of each your . under paragraph , to The works of E copies he Project fee must using profits your trademark the taxes which returns sent address the Foundation money within the Gutenberg in the user that discontinue and full destroy all s Gutenberg receipt days paid or Project return medium physical to a . a is a for , provide You any paid electronic work receipt and you agreement than writing manager the , these medium the Gutenberg , transcription but disk a efforts copyright . on , copyright or defective . Project Gutenberg Literary . Contact Foundation as , as a codes , may they S . U do Gutenberg , works intellectual medium . Gutenberg YOU Gutenberg fees under costs HAVE damages Archive described read virus , OF paragraph NO and . the a including legal , Project Right STRICT a you copy entity you must work . If paid for it , the return a or provide work in you opportunities work is . is limited may the you a second . electronically to choose fix to implied IS' forth from provided . refund refund agreement of this types of in agreement allow you received may to it to or entity without not right provided disclaimers certain set limitation interpreted the - damages If F trademark INDEMNITY owner . unenforceability violates warranties F . or disclaimer of provisions this indemnify of Project associated electronic volunteers anyone maximum The disclaimer , the , with , and void the the hold and Gutenberg alteration costs expenses from a , or distribution and Project all and promotion agreement , arise harmless you Gutenberg to is in obsolete Section exists that generations Project In the are Archive created come future for was a , provide to the efforts and and Project Gutenberg Gutenberg life and widest Project of . org see , Literary secure Project the of a Foundation Internal . Literary page support critical to more Foundation for Project your information Foundation Literary the organized corporation Foundation is Service - are S . U The Foundation's , business . NJ and . be of including equipment outdated be to readable domain to and out be survive its Many by . maintaining tax the small be that accessible of it and be the . and meet be donations of SEND we To locations state particular where who make donations but we such . states from received our current for donation prohibition . swamp staff . small other To a . he produced alone , card accepted Project was of electronic works Gutenberg in . particular paper search the . has any do we Thus of to and Gutenberg . produce newsletter donations to subscribe website This necessarily to our Project Gutenberg , copyright by . with which gutenberg website at our Most