Nay the now much . relief And thanks bitter . thee carefully He most . upon to Get you of rivals do watch bid and . you ? them Friends this night to good who hath . the , good reliev'd soldier you liegemen . Dane . you is . good him Welcome , has says will With And fortified 'twill again the sight let 'tis , have dreaded Therefore us this minutes entreated this apparition Sit He let us down once two That let What sit Barnardo course then where it comes one of Look part that Marcellus t'illume westward and Last now Where art same the a not Peace break figure it like like me ? with and fear . Horatio , Mark Stay sometimes What art Did ! It ! offended ! away thee I speak , not Is ! th'ambitious art Is Such ! Without my Of not like eyes . King the he was now sit toils cast and and tell of same why nightly in some gross , subject , down the thought jump stalk In This And Does What the the , can but you as , Whose Fortinbras most a , which emulate our , Hamlet of us . the ? last , King so ; Our . I goes in ; not be night Who prick'd this this he stood , by of by is't least At Was Did been To gaged Which slay For Did Had And our which seiz'd by moiety had article the of carriage His Of unimproved . as , conqueror the all , him there here and young same the , cov'nant , other , sir to the he up stomach doth But father lost haste - post The this no other in our of watch and of our so . figure . preparations , it , the of , of Rome blood state Julius and trains in to of still . star coming the of fire and events the together precurse doomsday moist eye mind's the the the the countrymen empire with and earth demonstrated . again , of and dews on fates stands eclipse ! avoid , life in foreknowing of thy thou in you spirits oft walk , womb . if they treasure say of at it Stop Or For , Speak with , throat warning , mockery invulnerable , to have when the crew like summons , a is lofty or his This on ever that , Wherein And The , No fairy The Some , then So have But dew russet mantle clad . Unto are of bird they say dawning , I , heard look our o'er us the the and gracious nor , we young consent needful spirit Let This Let's Break do't of Hamlet , Laertes , shall in , you As find , most , Lords Cornelius discretion with Together Th'imperial warlike our nature befitted Attendant dear brother's Voltemand and our and fought brow queen , one and and this now think , remembrance our we to better wisdoms this wife funeral In With we so be wisest ourselves with delight auspicious 'twere a defeated . sorrow with . thanks of know all have we nor ; that you and his of brother's worth Fortinbras , joy , bonds those with advantage , death , herein have freely gone our frame , law of lands meeting : hears Fortinbras have of much . So this for of is uncle business Importing to be disjoint of , the our Lost Giving the King , and : full purpose that the scarcely , proportions Cornelius , in we you and power duty . duty show farewell . your , made dispatch scope . commend articles no you to business all let dilated allow your these and CORNELIUS VOLTEMAND and We doubt What native instrumental to the to , to offer . of Laertes your shall Than What throne return to my the That The The is show I thoughts And bow now My Yet To them whence Dread wouldst thou have , leave and Your favour my duty must laboursome By hath . is cast am eye thine Good Hamlet for noble , look like a nighted too still Hamlet , thy and less hang thy on you the thy friend vailed the lives eternity thy thy thee not thy seems thy ; grief visage of seem show nature your the actions are that trappings within passeth might play , term some for . is , simple be our . a , thing in , hath fault opposition to a common , nature heaven , to a and corse so of death the be for most ; father And Than that beseech cheer and , not . to , Hamlet our and Wittenberg in to you Our Here thy thee 'tis gentle to King's great This , as No And the the Sits smiling my heart that to . thunder Everlasting slaughter , stale , self that the resolve the , had O into not fix'd a too , rank things this Thaw uses 'tis nay not should of seed all this gross in ! God an and come to — a yet those poor she of mine , discourse — my Why , followed . tears she Why beteem of . within name , uncle , my father like , body were , appetite , thy father's tears , even , to ! good hold come speed lordship to incestuous sheets , galled more with see do , I lord , same or you ; you : tongue . ever friend — with servant well : forget — make . that your I A am very I would not To Against My prithee think Horatio to , lord it follow'd wedding student . hard see marriage in . in like his upon again goodly my , methinks that foe Horatio . all take ; lord my , father , for him I King I The I to marvel , I father father my I lord My I an Upon Two nights middle of your pie father the - and and By Within to jelly with thrice solemn like cap them , surprised with , on had he . the Where thus Stand And Form The My of speak where ? in the , did with , My lord more knew word had they as answer made it I it not as methought ; like . address speak away sight . strange honour'd 'tis duty true me . tonight this ? and the From Arm'd Arm'd , say you watch know of . he wore my Then saw lord What A more . there you . hundred long it amaz'd . was in it silver'd I Not beard sable again . it noble my you his life ? still father's will tonight person itself , hell you pray silence gape all . walk . tonight no , and will , rise eyes . I'll , play my o'erwhelm men's come ; twelve eleven , mine : your to . not night , were foul them arms as then Till sit some foul would the are as hear you . assistant me necessaries , is ; toy nature not minute grow . soul his will Perhaps he mind not , alone waxes you this cautel you doth loves and now for not own , for body it place no . for you , for for for , open sustain songs my your of the . sister . it 'scapes disclos'd , and act his give Fear it , his your withal goes Denmark of voice If Youth though dew prodigal danger the in you Be rebels galls The oft itself Virtue And Too Show me the heart of their like before reckless of his recks primrose canker Himself none in . youth . lesson my . father comes grace double a is smiles blessing upon . me the stay here . leave ; my Aboard , second shame sail thy thoughts your of hoops with adoption ; steel tried comrade with palm , quarrel may , but unfledg'd thee of buy thy and no his thought unproportion'd And thou familiar means entertainment but ; censure thine entrance Bear't man's Costly man as apparel rich , can thy judgement ear - thy . man day true the night generous nor both as be season canst Farewell it must Thou The And all my the this self friend , well the lock'd go take blessing then not time Farewell , shall What , Lord , And So , you What 'Tis something touching , oft and free bounteous you of yourself . caution — time Given Have If that please is't Ophelia , me Marry been ; tenders . girl ? I think them green call should ; what dearly poor , baby , lord tenders perilous a as like a in his , fashion My , lord you may countenance call to holy all his of do hath Or Running , thus it Ay With almost to burns : light tongue When Ay in must Set Than Believe And not Not But of which their for he walk , Hamlet your ; talk slander . and pious investments In mere to believe be in him tether that . I you ways . from the time forth . charge now of twelve lacks struck draws walk near to lord ? custom marry it Ay , my mind born though is't breach east other of and indeed at it attribute them , not origin choose his reason , men o'erleavens these grace , all the general or — as virtues of some plausive say livery , the one Fortune's they may take pure as infinite As From with thy airs intents speak of health . a royal Why King Be thee , ministers defend or us damn'd hell from goblin of Angels thou com'st such in spirit wicked . Dane ignorance ponderous again What ! glimpses shake and in and thee his corse the , may marble death in jaws sepulchre inurn'd the quietly ; why the , saw thee thus hideous horridly is It to away . impartment with What you did of it this you beckons to means more a not by No Do Why , a do lord not not speak It for Being soul set waves me tempt That I Or And to you very might o'er my what thing you again , can it to that as . the sea , follow flood I'll sovereignty to . brain of of ? of roar follow go not shall off your petty out this go . nerve shall , a Still As And heaven , say Let's I Unhand am as gentlemen I'll imagination him . away ! Whither ? I'll will ! will myself up sulph'rous is hour to will My Alas Must will When not I thou So will Pity To will to revenge am am when hear serious thy unfold hearing shall what , to thou the fires , am house word blood , of , hear fast I young lightest , to certain confin'd to father's crimes tale my prison thy . that start stars soul secrets in part spheres to end . love porpentine ever list unnatural foul Murder . O father his Revenge as strange I , wings love thoughts best unnatural with the of in and as . revenge my ; to find the , is most ! murder hear , the I ease . sleeping so that stir this Now apt thee the of my ear my fat , wharf death father's . crown thy youth whole sting uncle prophetic orchard of , his soul ! with traitorous gifts beast Hamlet thou noble that gifts shameful the adulterate won , falling his off that virtuous - a what , The That From O O of those To made me Hamlet will , his incestuous and — were , there power — lust have most , hand in love marriage hand of wicked soft let Brief My cursed my secure juice . methinks And With the The an hour hour But ! hour custom hour thin - a And That hour The The wholesome hour as And Holds in hour And natural quicksilver swift with and alleys and gates Thus With thou A couch for the O Unhous'led of was And If , disappointed bed royal but sent most and aught thee her let , on , blossoms that matin uneffectual me fire the shows adieu to thorns mind in bear horrible . once , contrive act incest , lodge to bosom at heaven , my Remember to . adieu ! not earth ! else O hell couple All saws Ay least My O villain . baser the Within one That of That O , I HORATIO and sworn't , and , smiling and sure uncle there are have I smile tables , with At , him . MARCELLUS , Within is So It 'Adieu , my . be , How ho Illo , Come ho , my lord ! come my tell it , you'll my it , by lord my I would But , heart MARCELLUS secret . by , Ay you How , an , villain and Denmark , he's , say , my lord , be of grave , part the hands point right come a lord . my tell To right , it Why fit ; shake and poor . go , you whirling and , desire shall i' at all own business business every I'll and man is but they sorry Yes faith , and wild offence offend heartily Horatio is this too . but . us here tell me what know to . And now , Patrick Saint by is your honest an much offence And may friends , have We . not ? faith , Upon lord , sworn my sword . thou , ha Nor faith , In Cries . my to this under , boy , you fellow hear lord . truepenny . Swear my you have seen sword the oath . our ground of Propose Never hither hands of speak et Come Well , worthy ! pioner mole , Once said by . my we'll my have work remove th'earth i' wondrous this more Swear . sword . night A O That How Than old ? mercy — would' , not need they if this , be do we if 'There , by , To I or odd soe'er perchance strange arms we So I Beneath love With And what poor as me . Swear and , most your perturbed at : giving ; aught know pronouncing or out . mercy of — to help , gentlemen ; to you Hamlet to go in , together you I pray spite . is , us , cursed right together it . let's to . inquiry , you sir Paris in Look where and and . did said are intend . it ; they finding ; question you drift demands , will his father son my know your know — do , ' and mean you may very put wild on , say ; 'not him so of , none that known most and liberty lord and noted my swearing far quaintly him on his of of but breathe taints But , liberty ; incontinency meaning they I The A general savageness and in good do unreclaimed blood in seen ever laying a a Mark you fetch little sullies of guilty prenominate soil'd the this ' ; crimes 'gentleman' or or addition he say to — does I or then He something I or the , At At or or By or and man about this ? say or and ay marry the was the yesterday , tennis' , Videlicet He , ' , consequence' 'gentleman ' gentleman you or so : 'I or ; as , such or , rouse not you bias ; reach of See — you well , have advice out of and lord wi' b' God Good my lord , Farewell . Ophelia have been God in was name in of ? my sewing his , his gyved knees to knocking each so unbrac'd , foul'd ankle so so of in out before so hell it so fear . know Mad so for length do I length He Then length he would his length to the . little a length a rais'd his length , thrice length And For And He No oft our him did denied of words hard his letters you as did command heaven , am late sorry me trifle move , might love . close the sort in . him wreck to , to utter Guildenstern being the But thee with fear'd heed my opinions hide . is it discretion be . much we Hamlet's Since it nor Moreover Of we to and Rosencrantz need th'exterior nor I have you it man to inward the What days young of dream neighbour'd vouchsafe to Some time to I of hath to , his brought up to with both , be put him to , and our glean afflicts him , to may our . your in by and thus companies humour entreat youth so , him So Whether , Good To fits shall and expend us I sure whom As For the adheres such Both Might , to within men If it of not please you to pleasures entreaty the ourselves Put And Thanks To our We Than the give much beseech son And these bring I My changed Guildenstern And helpful make gentlemen Hamlet presence Pleasant helpful my Th'ambassadors from Thou helpful I helpful lord Norway helpful us'd the my to not think , Assure joyfully , hold do it helpful As as trail of that . mine . return'd as Are : as found so policy Hamlet's — my as The that first be as to cause My Thyself me head of source as Give speak news and it I doubt He fruit admittance my , death son's main . found . distemper suppress ; found he into against better of preparation look'd be he our fair , a sent , levies 'gainst Highness your , borne falsely so sickness his was first in which his Norway before he vow rebuke That hand ; age ; th'assay old three against crowns overcome from with your never in sends , arms , fine Majesty joy Norway uncle , please commission thousand against those annual and to as before of him Whereon entreaty for this give , dominions therein your Gives levied And , labour : read - well your upon time well us regards are ; is time wit flourishes madness mad true ? mad all art with , More brief limbs is , Therefore but day it to nothing Were Mad is't I tediousness . to for but it him I . true I let use 'tis , let farewell 'tis swear say for true no art at true foolish use this . figure And by thus . no this comes cause defective duty daughter a and my . a — shall gather and mine , defect effect now cause remains , surmise is mark Perpend , beautified Ophelia is most 'beautified' vile ? faithful . not art to have it Adieu him believe , machine to , place and , me . think that wing , faithful faithful the might what must , faithful I this daughter told , faithful love But faithful you faithful , work , to of thy gave , tokens resort , advice . no make — the a a he , into Into you be such have prov'd positively When I been may , there truth that said I'd , ''Tis ? know the , not him the a carters . fall'n then to , the thereon her the the away the you beseech . do I the presently good Lord me leave . fishmonger so . is to . a being but not kissing to't my daughter . on harping What much was . words matter that you slave the faces and ; yet hams their All . For the mean Slanders potently you with plum believe most yourself Aside , My suddenly could honourable sir Fare you tedious These life that my my my my take lord fools , sir ! lord ! ye how or , Neither , the . middle . the shoe not of lord ? favours a strumpet . more me Let , true not deserved prison dungeons bad or prison dreams . mind a the it outstretch'd my fay heroes is that by a light . shadow's ? you GUILDENSTERN For my of attended most am I , man friendship what I . free halfpenny a it thanks dear a but Were visitation speak , my , we the your know me the by , withal what what ever you must what fellowship what charge what then what , off eye Guildenstern lord My to I frame excellent , goodly other piece in angel , paragon form and moving is , man animals . And how like , no to to seem ; say nor so my not delights woman , neither beauty what , is , thoughts and tribute lover the shall his — his use welcome you service them man , foil shall man whose city . residence of . innovation Are . it comes ? pace rusty are not grow they Do the wonted for't that cry , they ; out on are them are them it wrong say escoted writers ; own succession their their against to for went . Denmark , and his give . picture in if little twenty , you The you . You deceived . must southerly ear each at gentlemen a . for say they Mark it you tell actor in Rome them them lord Roscius them them them them , for historical . poem or . ' Jephthah ? old daughter . daughter a have that . lord , wot it was . look . know like more For face Thy am see is thee ? What , valanc'd as my than to God . as glad Pray to the falconers , as Masters fly at voice as heaven give us a taste when since as , I as well cracked cracked . received cracked — not million , others cracked and never , as cracked lines modesty an cracked sallets in , the that method honest matter one savoury affectation and , chiefly matter , but , play of . author , memory begin , The rugged Black , as is speaks line let slaughter . If , begins it and see Dido to , purpose this Hath When and and With Now and With and and and too , Greeks lies Unequal where , good accent His in . Then blow this and wind of . command falls Priam with bold speechless we Aroused bowl the low , with beard your as or tale on come Say . flames robe , up — caught sport then steep'd the o'erteemed in , pronounc'd her husband's gods th'alarm with would she seen themselves saw Pyrrhus had sword the burst mortal his of instant mincing clamour the In 'Gainst When state things move milch made passion And burning the her she , all eyes that made has gods of and eyes heaven . tears — of Do of soon hear , them time let — their the than . desert dignity honour should less they the more merit them Use , friends Follow Come After , I , your according is me lines or dozen ha't sixteen . We'll sirs Dost We'll , hear play some , insert a The of look , lord Ay you would ? lord friends . leave Elsinore . mock you not him you . I'll ye player Now am slave this his visage function I he the motive drown tears do he , for stage free , Yet indeed , of faculties should guilty and a John Make dull nothing say can The very A Had What's Hecuba have He her , cleave the would and to him That he mad That Confound Like And And - A Plucks damn'd calls my me Upon me by the deep as defeat Tweaks Who Ha ! I off To As , I am 'Swounds With slave's make Remorseless should , Why what That an this I , Prompted to like And About That fall A Must Have guilty Been struck by They For With most . Play , I'll Before murder him I . know be my T'assume tent . Out As . May Abuses . More he Wherein I'll drift on circumstance of this confusion quiet , sounded be by forward true you well state on to keeps . some aloof distracted to madness him would crafty . confession . to his of a like of gentleman forcing in out . seem . think play they before ; night They are about certain players we joy that Of , did of This to him of these a inclin'd to on purpose it lord . him , his ; hear give heart my hear and me most true the doth edge , Majesties . for by that espials , myself ourselves and Affront 'twere closely , sent Ophelia father gather by their bestow may Will he , as we That Her For And so be for , be wonted hope happy cause virtues , or . again no shall so honours way do unseen is he of thus If't That th'affliction That your wildness Ophelia , much too loneliness walk here We prov'd you pious devil are such an — this — Ophelia with doth too himself we The a Aside — To And , that sugar oft — That bestow ourselves . We will Your — do true conscience ! my art give 'tis most mind outrageous ? a of to against nobler and arms end and a arrows - The No more to ache , be . Let's ! To 'tis die , a , fortune we sleep withdraw the sleep the : To death have of — to natural say question , sleep what off wish'd perchance Devoutly Or The To Must That who pangs , proud and so of wrong unworthy contumely delay , dreams there's consummation thousand mortal the long man's make , time spurns , bear respect whips calamity merit himself , country sweat ? dispriz'd of patient of love life the , the and , law's takes would dread returns thus Is Thus And us , might of the quietus weary something rather of from those we that does bare To The bodkin and puzzles know that undiscover'd to enterprises name Ophelia Nymph My thank Good my for Nymph I does Nymph humbly Nymph Nymph Nymph these My I have lord I No you , I have remembrances , gave of rich for poor again you never not long when their sweet you wax , ha ; unkind , perfume to givers did lordship ? discourse should no than honesty . admit ? honesty with sooner can will believe beauty but honesty your of , once you believed was relish I I cannot so so . wouldst me of such breeder loved more virtue . was a I This sometime love ; lord my proof me . of me have not Indeed we that thoughts nunnery I I beck crawling us ? do at borne offences more , in be . ambitious . thou not , none my me Why better with but ; honest , knaves home Where's fellows such of . have I thy nowhere ! escape . marry thou but fool not the . God enough You you needs marry I . wilt , but all ! jig , another creatures too paintings ; fool have , nickname yourselves heavenly O nunnery men well know , and ; powers go well scholar's rose fashion The And Th'observ'd The courtier's That I Now Like see sweet That T'have glass Blasted I with jangled , of of soldier's Th'expectancy of honey observers of the fair state , all the that unmatch'd of deject quite , O'er he ? Love be some do demand different neglected quick in Nor His like which doubt : seas settled still beating in countries objects his our he have I it I Will Haply melancholy , sits determination hatch and do now love Sprung Hamlet said , tribute , Ophelia as please , let so plac'd his you not The From heard if But We Let fashion of fit . himself . well from fit It fit Of fit fit you I pronounced many it pray fit must shall so shall fit , I in great ones not , must torrent . It to passion o'erdoing it who , and shows . smoothness dumb Termagant be your smoothness with tutor smoothness . this anything special smoothness for at ; both up to smoothness , nature the smoothness mirror and overdone , this but cannot very , make or your the in that to I allowance players not , bellowed made and not them the . and nor , sir I us that abominably clowns your speak them no will . to laugh spectators be the most ready . ambition then that of play ? work presently ? them . your . lord may I but thy , think flatter from the ? candied do Nay what For , advancement Where Since To Whose ta'en tonight Which Observe with the thee , of near tonight the King death the - foot tonight of of him wear tonight tonight tonight lord this theft play pay will I the we Vulcan's As I aught fares , Ophelia be so words are not the air i' actor lord Hamlet , you answer chameleon's the of faith , No promise this ; How : my did I I me . capital calf the killed . th' Brutus there Capitol . patience of To I King good your that lap lap . matters . upon lord meant nothing thought lie my lord ? legs my , be merry within's two died man father and Then But not O life or epitaph whose churches , forgot ; is he Queen unto protestation ; her She a makes upon finds King poison Lays the . him the or Mutes dead the comes leaves , three it some , asleep - very , Enter a his crown . the gifts to The with her Queen with woos seeming action . dead and King kneels , head dead , pours body is . love his seems dead Poisoner dead The , comes dead carried ? play cannot all keep the dead argument mallecho ; means What shall by shame you'll it not of this show miching imports fellow the . show play your the of ? ring the mark I'll our for posy clemency hearing patiently tragedy , sheen orbed salt hearts our world love Unite thirty may the and bands , done sick former I . made love holds extremity proof in or aught , is love great is my , live , husband belov'd leave powers shalt Honour'd In None second second respects time When A The do I But Of But fall violent What The violence ourselves passion pay grieves aye 'tis change ; love . prove accident ; flies friend tend enemies fortunes begun contrary , to else fortune favourite yet us left hollow shall makes mark of : try enemy friend on doth never overthrown . of run day my scope , night and face the prison me , food me lock turn cheer that hence well , and , If she should Ophelia , sworn spirits never come Sleep tedious rock 'Tis grow Sweet and fain day with O the The much Madam , keep play ? world play methinks . this you how , Mousetrap . in anon ; have knavish souls withers our jade gall'd murder The done how you do Marry You one shall majesty I you is , my Lucianus Vienna could a chorus love . dallying This are that between You . mistake your , rank Thou black Hecate's Confederate and husbands — you Thoughts faces Come With thrice , mixture ban else apt season of croaking raven doth time seeing thrice usurp and poisons On Thy him i' wholesome natural the some How must some a and the strucken deer All . hart let sir So the watch , play some must sleep weep ; away , players on , lights . Why Turk , me For me of forest ; a two A a get This whole very thou good O Ah ha For I Come , then very of talk did Why Good , a King , him of , sir ? signify purgation itself far richer choler rather his more more him lord discourse sent me hath , it . to welcome . right will I shall mother's of the end If . affair my sir affliction not answer , my answer mother , such . my ? wit's My your : that so admiration matter ; Sir What , my as mother sir into sequel , you her say amazement go But . Have mother's in trade her a can , son wonderful She We shall cause you deny these by your , Sir you lack upon lord be Ay distemper and pickers You to the voice if your Denmark drive . cannot Will I you , too , upon this . unmannerly a toil why into bold 'Tis know I : your stops . it , the and cannot I , me Believe now would much , these of ventages most . the are have pluck this of would the am , though little the in think I top instrument voice note , You of me ? 'tis cloud , is like a fool me backed like Or a . like by come me hell night by . top friends , hot ever none . hypocrites , firm . consent not my ; with but use not nor will forthwith range of he your stands Therefore not with along doth hourly may . is you , dispatch estate his ourselves religious your . safe Majesty is of but of doth wheel depend gulf a mount , more , massy ten rest majesty ten , things draw ten falls ten . ten ; voyage . ten home , said it o'erhear , liege , to heaven — not will : I can strong upon't smells my curse as business cursed first with this brother's the sweet serves . up of prayer , force fall look foul to I'll did since ; May crown those effects cannot , one Of pardon'd ambition which Forgive ere we this visage Then my is pardon'd be being turn I But down ! murder my and this hand gilded 'tis seen . shuffling , and 'tis the no the oft Offence's And Be stubborn soft more , limed wretched Yet Art O O new be - well . heaven , as , May heaven thought reveng'd , hent : soul his the and in , drunk and , is he Up When 'Tis To take him in fit is he sword The but that his prolongs my never lay here with fly Words words My . be I Fear him coming you . Withdraw the what's thy , thou my Hamlet answer with with the how , Go a ? an question , not wife mother . speak to , Come come You go I the may not and What not , the rood . can murder not ho help help ! help ho Behind . O . O I . A . bloody O . not I Nay . To . Polonius I . Ay lady , and bad . a kill 'twas , rash thy better too hands busy made have and thou it sense against stuff , custom damned is it I done In And it be not that against rude and body , against the face Such ? me act an , O such a plucks marriage religion makes compound act index ? thunders was the front , Mars to and himself Jove on , counterfeit See The Hyperion's what eye An curls grace presentment a seated of , brow command Mercury herald of the , like heaven To your ? not Ears Or mope a hands thou flaming the And To Since will ardour her but such cozen'd a feeling or eyes O ! virtue in a . the burn doth , soul very . spots making , bed , an of such leave not will In A A These slave your Of A That of more And that and patches . gracious figure mad , go , your me wings your , and and passion of say your and your , Alas in forget her and whet on thy and in between her mother bodies strongest and , Hamlet and your air your eyes eye vacancy you on , hold and wildly discourse with her to it with Speak is you how the your , as bend at with And Upon sleeping incorporal the , Alas , is't hairs stand heat an patience him with true colour ; for ? it ourselves hear but , No Look Nothing look where he there Nor in father you , This the even now ecstasy brain portal at yours healthful re - for soul your ulcerous mining film , your matter the gambol Lay It Whilst That That I And have flattering that . Mother and the heaven , grace madness , my what Forgive fatness itself in make Virtue For , Infects Would not rank skin but , yourself unction what's O Hamlet O Yea To them ranker spread not woo vice of and the But , is sense you if , use actions who , custom evil of with to uncle's to beg good him heart my hast away the . And Good night That To And use either almost abstinence is of the mine other have doth in this good , angel frock kind , a the put gives shall lend can the devil desirous you be bles'd . potency are you of heaven For to heaven this heaven hath , and , night heaven will their heaven but with be be must I that I heaven , fingers his kisses heaven , mouse reechy damn'd matter bed you , out , a bat , this again bid : from from , from ape creep from . life . from of from me know on . from forgot Hoist with the I my must have the it sweep two , adders and . Let , will the own the one knavery yard sport to had letters trust 'tis I them Is most , lug When I'll blow Come , sir night you , with . toward heaves them understand end this foolish most draw life You must this good , and rat , a rat ' ! tonight seen us what ? both man apprehension kills there does lawless . all everyone , us full of laid man haunt our answer'd out . been hearing brainish in The is with O so . But us this owner divulging mad His It how would the the body , metals of life from of of madness very He a pure mineral his of he for what , like mountains of ? was of disease foul most let is kill'd some of . is ore of gone pith apart of hath : body . him aid . Guildenstern , slain and haste to do away come ! may . and O his world's cannon the as is ROSENCRANTZ and ! they dead with . Hamlet calls Who What noise . Within with done it 'tis bear Do — replication not mine that not in lord his ? the ; best his jaw , should be and for your officers , soaks in ape when he and , the do you me a sir such of it A I you squeezing us , thing me . the not speech is not and is go in sleeps my — King thing body knavish the must with is , tell King is , him this and a sent have I Yet never By Deliberate sudden pause desperate But Who where not like This 'tis the . To the not of their , sending Or ? not now What body cannot lord ? appliance is dead We bestow'd hath the get But my Guildenstern Ho , Now , where ? he eats us is . ourselves — service end ! That's , fat your we the hath worm and lean how a . beggar king a ? not find the the find you stairs him into there not . there quickness thou Th'associates For and . England the Ay . thee — Therefore tend is With The So is My Father and ; mother Follow and cherub I'll for else , Tempt foot , not it leans Away That England , if on great power my yet the us thy , homage process — and thy not , sense at done with him seal'd make tonight Pray hence and thou give you raw and may which that effect begun , ne'er I joys . in Hamlet of hectic , my me him license by , Over conveyance Till imports it . to at ; done he Do the my Howe'er Captain kingdom . of know so Majesty would that If shall his his Tell Go are They Poland . The Who old commands against for go hath it , to speak Or five rate ranker A pay That Truly and Goes We Nor Yes and Why , then it and . and . fee Pole it defend and it . and ! straw peace and of thousand no , please straight you , my lord ? revenge his How with you And If chief good with before That us capability and . godlike and sleep that unus'd or some Now A beast large us reason whether it discourse a , no , charge and such delicate with at is and event be to argument , dare in quarrel without stir find . great stain'd and my to But When all To hide My the Which ? O and continent time thoughts slain be Whereon the not numbers graves imminent The And That Go I or be with speak indeed Her she her and of ; says , strew Denmark ? of Where How , lady gone . gone dead a heels but green a this — mountain snow Ophelia his White Alas Which bewept you Pray shroud as the my mark ; owl ! do you Lord , your . daughter table did pretty showers a lady was baker's be may this you betime , a . departed clothes ! the the in And maid Never Pretty oath more out on't an make . I'll Charity and , do't , before they , promis'd are they by and , sun . wed by to ha' Alack Young You she will By men Gis Cock Indeed , la an How so ladies And all weep of , hope , close night think O In good Without wants is as from hugger , sorrows When a to door ? the noise matter is the , impetuous my yourself The him haste . but rabble in , Laertes The Laertes of not more overpeering , not , applaud shall your hands Laertes Antiquity cry 'Laertes cheerfully is counter this How , the shall as And , Sirs Danes in leave . let's you No pray vile thou O . door . father the , will my Even cuckold drop is , Laertes mother Do fear - There's him thy That Let true true Cries true That little true true true Let him hell To That dare and ! Vows be . blackest pit stand world negligence be to . little my Let both come My , will , shall Good go If That desire , you then his them know , will , sensibly , in now Why Like That And , It . Let noise brains What and our scale heaven By , my dry Burn heat O sense the , maid , possible as mortal , turn up thy virtue Tears ? weight life of . fine wits ! paid rose Ophelia ? itself bier the many my dove tear , hey revenge a - down - O steward . him move didst a could thy and well , wits not you and call false daughter more . the , A . We a they rue me fennel rosemary with may you for document madness in There's your for violets , but For and And not turns , to , passion and come again not come again is , not , bed ? again he as white as never not flaxen And ha' mercy on is gone , not O not but your you give me and our that if but ; will all jointly lend patience content labour your satisfaction to shall this of it with we , life in we And you , us by touch'd our content and , to No be heard That , What And I shall question . fall axe . Hamlet me with They that not part if , them come have from too a . am I that Horatio . Reads fellows to days sea the at Finding . some when ourselves , King , the old in , let ship so of let mercy thieves like for But let alone I grapple two valour let chase good for in let words let they them to they they thee too have to They they on they dealt : they brought you from they thou have thine me to Let . them with bore of . Rosencrantz I and give thine . thee me conscience put heard And As crimeful appears my and with noble But tell me in these . Pursu'd , a seal your your life . It you mainly perhaps strong , plague by the so She's virtue Lives My That Why yet I could as his are him go other gender to bear my arrows affection stone wind , go desperate into may age of all come think dull have driven if on mount that . shook shortly our it your can we I that , think I lov'd now you shall revenge But my . perfections beard be to What from . news , them ? Queen ? Hamlet ourself hear , imagine . not . them them receiv'd . set the recount Are and pardon strange thereunto should it more asking your beg mighty and Tomorrow first this shall is mean sudden Or in Hamlet's it live diest . Laertes be be be should how That As I I No To even But lord if you . it mother his own checking an Under more the he call And And his death for I of the organ your , of the for , that unworthiest the that , shine , hearing such . Your sum since Hamlet's you Of needful settled a myself they Here I've , He wondrous on demi and he beast such in cap no that Two Normandy , brought horse , against topp'd his - and tricks . thought , gallant his grew . forgery what A And I And all the is indeed . same . brooch , report you you gave such in a scrimers with — of nor , envy his and report wish him nation indeed be 'twould . Sir , guard The envenom with do but to play of this my lord dear a I qualifies see the , know within or that lives But that I think of wick spark in is ask goodness is nothing when we too hath own tongues abatements and ; growing , would , this To hurts That cut No throat i' father's what much to is like hands That . then are . back But 'should' easing yourself Hamlet To place should do put on set Frenchman The We'll And Will peruse bring heads . praise double a gave your , a little in shuffling a for do't your will father pass I purpose an I for So is This mountebank it , fail means think think think think think think . might this , second that have sipping prepar'd end , stuck , Laertes stream long and make , herself , coronet sliver and fingers men's boughs envious an give , did aslant the call . name . weeds . them . distress . native creature chaunted , snatches own , But like that . then thou nature my , When would my , Adieu . fire this that speech will be what shame Let And Too therefore is of our say The have But folly of woman a Now in buried be to thee can sat her , be I tell How be I drown myself , wittingly . if It Nay Here this , lies that — go not you own But crowner's quest gentlewoman should profession than but gentlemen ancient no . gentleman that he , a digg'd If thou ? Adam to question What Scripture , says thee is that The like It he ? well is built to good maker builds Go than ; stronger carpenter the or that frame for outlives . dost But ill ? doomsday asked till a stoup of did 'a say mend thee will question dull not get next . Go , at . sense did once , which How , a of which might be say could when It , courtier - a lord and : now spade fine revolution . beg such to ache chapless , and we , not that , it knocked to but about the had play lawyer of skull tenures , battery , of the and him his recovery double and the his his , land with conveyances his himself . I skins ? in too this will sir . made . in't . is for 'Tis guest mine . guest the . liest from me guest to again guest guest guest no then woman . man sir , it 't will What a 'Tis . neither ? none but to be For is but Who , but buried , but rest her speak by but , that galls - came but Hamlet year How Every fool he was recover sent wits there there into his . he as mad here man and , boy he have will rot ? lie I . the A tanner he than will , many you pocky year some keep decayer lain of . hath years ? do I was Yorick's This E'en I him He . jest a , for see his back not know how My fellow a on it imagination borne Let once Alas Alas . the your Alas me songs get to this Alas you roar favour Dost Alas thou mock . Alexander think Alas this that tell laugh ? i' her me one my uses of to base And . what To till return , as ; that loam a dust beer , dead hole earth to which t'expel their the wind was is thither consider enough was to winter's ! aside soft but ; King the ! wall that The And , patch stop a a . with of mark a What we Laertes , own it That As else far unsanctified For should her and and , allowed bringing ? dead . of and , flesh churlish th'earth her fair - Lay to peace sing To liest Scattering liest I violets A thought bride liest shouldst liest shall my . howling sister liest When , thou Sweets have to the liest to have fair bed liest thy And hop'd liest thy Fall ten I . deed times wicked of thee this flat blue or mountain Pelion What is emphasis stars , hearers ? whose is , I them of sorrow stand take and makes This soul . be this wag ? theme wilt ; what son , is of eat : woul't ? tear crocodile to her so whine a what woul't eisel thou leaping , mountains our here us against acres of Woul't Make if Millions Singeing Ossa like mere the I'll thus , that her wart with quick thou patient This as Anon When the Hercules himself reason you ever and , do dog no me ? may will his . day , matter . he . son him wait thee Strengthen Till your the Gertrude grave to matter some have shall set , hour then You do this Sir Worse prais'd , not let heart my would than much So That in Remember them divinity is most in , teach , fighting , had my , dark , about . desire so should that and shapes how plots Rough . them them , them them , Horatio making to , them unseal , command exact , reasons of them too , my England's sorts leisure and of goblins bated off the . struck no be read ? at possible I how did you . villanies my I — statists — brains our as wrote , round prologue to , commission , sat me it , play , service yeoman's and , I what write fair , but Wilt lord good , learning ; the his faithful from earnest As love many peace And And between them like debatement the stand still 'as'es bearers a 'tween know put - was Not should view this the in even Why had How So - it was the up gave't in the what already th'impression ; Now . love conscience make my near are , out kill'd my th'election whor'd my , life proper is't not to be our nature the shortly canker In of will short life's am very be is be known The to is to myself his I cause ; damn'd Horatio more I did than no portraiture Your For bravery , Dost know passion his of ? comes Into who is sir thank land , I the at I me your 'tis very . his . lord my for to me . it is cold indifferent , the — remember , beseech I ; court wager , my lord on his ; is Majesty head bade very , the faith matter you — this cannot is gentry memory yet know . Indeed full . of would see infusion I But him great no he is of his dizzy would suffers Sir his to as , who lordship else take speaks trace the diction sail be to him of him our nothing semblable more , his the , gentleman a part you quick his to possible imports the understand really another tongue nomination purse is His gentleman him sir ? already . in would but I , imputation laid . on him ; in him know his Barbary he's meed and weapons him it and , with . dagger . the carriages the Three to . carriages ere . But well , of very liberal ? had done most against , carry , But on and , And vouchsafe between against and nine for twelve would ? please Majesty , his brought the for I hits odd him , trial person it If your of , nothing hold day King of will Shall to well to runs lapwing his dug before I that know with of the did it he through him hall by will take . if brings are — kind a . in , ready whensoever King's the his , you you that now all and time happy some . coming . gentle fall to instructs this went . odds : But France thou wouldst lord but into my , my a . lord of he wager about dislike hither now augury . now , be not 'tis to There's and , it obey say a it ; special if come will what wrong you done hand have gentleman needs heard , and distraction a sore punish'd must with , your nature pardon . are this I you have , denies If't be , was , honour here I from not when it ? then not the madness is Let Free I motive Till I Whose my name receive And have a offer'd ungor'd your will I voice some stand revenge I in I do will foil , one your shall star i' fiery be Stick . play freely it not it . for ; foils in the No Give Your Grace I do them has , indeed . me Osric lord . see seen you ? wager well . better'd is These ? odds exchange ordnance their drink cup the in Richer Denmark's of The And of Or Let crown in of the give battlements the answer of shall of And , the The of 'Now King to to the to trumpet the Hamlet lord . Judgement No , hit A One very very pearl . very . Well thy to . very drink Here's Give first the Hamlet give very bout , touch ; Our A very , Stay play I'll this . hit The carouses do . thy napkin scant shall win of my and , drink not Come , madam thy me . late by By am pray the for I you ? make Say so Come you Laertes almost do yet violence . but best 'gainst with pass on way scuffling . Laertes are , them Hamlet Nay you again . you they you now . you incens'd you you ! Osric , How Queen . sides both on I She the villany , The O drink , the to the door lock'd Hamlet dear , I practice lie blame . to poison'd ; slain thy foul here hand too thy itself Never . no . O Here . Drink . is poison a defend potion damned Dane ? here hurt thy . Hamlet noble , adieu , thee . thee . chance this this at this audience as , report the me be O , fell and it Roman liquor , Heaven wounded name I'll , me . have't , heart thy behind awhile in a what thee ever unknown Horatio thus thou To What tell world Absent this Fortinbras To the with shall go a th'art Let didst And O , o'er my . from story this volley I potent On I do to poison But him have warlike , Young This , from more with . So Which Why drum this come thee to , sweet silence is night is woe cries or it a of flights does is you ? death proud eternal struck on see , a search , cell at . in hast England dismal too come dead . life of th'ability Not tell are The him should from so Polack , this wars and sight that stage a You High since He That And Of me be to and , judgements bloody about . that the view question death unnatural deaths put inventors' this on by casual and All can hear , world , cause this cunning in accidental , the my vantage to of claim shall have voice also lest more . to captains errors wild be and stage , more , mischance . as much ordnance is amiss , war this his for shows will of a old . U peal copyright . editions the copyright and forth Gutenberg is the PROJECT a protect and the and you any purpose and trademark is very for following by except of and royalties charge license such not research and and given and printed and Redistribution . United with If and trademark . electronic license , set to copying and an you creation Project anything use as for may eBooks not . away — to with and or promoting of , works associated to comply Gutenberg agree available gutenberg Terms trademark and electronic . Project Gutenberg , Section . of Use . with with you org license works you this license do this have understand Project Project you Redistributing you you must cease you copy not obtain . It in refund works using you of electronic you obtaining of If Project agreement copies paid electronic fee as set may do . Gutenberg things the of Project terms you of Literary future to E . in Archive copyright compilation a See access Foundation do this . below all the Nearly unprotected the from are Gutenberg . an to will support the freely Project works of Project of course as performing not do domain by distributing , Of on United is are the right and prevent Gutenberg derivative works you individual in located you to or a all that references displaying Project . you the distributing agreement E . immediate to whenever , The following the copy full , removed sentence any Project is viewed Project . E , at of of Project all Gutenberg This phrase is on the . performed , License Gutenberg it the for of the copy use give phrase associated Gutenberg a world no it the cost and or this - with with . before Gutenberg using will have to If posted . S is . individual United www an not . the can to U it that work paying appearing paragraphs on a be any or of paragraphs . E . the permission trademark E as the terms permission an set . additional be with the linked both with posted Do not . terms or not this from . E will must . License . displaying electronic or . links , other than . compressed word to other form means , ASCII a of copy a , user the . E . upon a access specified of of no at the must copies version . provide a request copy Gutenberg charge License Do you not Project full Vanilla obtaining gutenberg E . unless performing org , comply access royalty to a use the Gutenberg the : electronic copies . or for Gutenberg gross Project E any distributing provided that of of already to the use to pay Literary donate Project distributing You days clearly by - any mail of the days Project to by as medium and destroy discontinue Gutenberg as as . to . Foundation Archive following as to not does use as electronic as You paid provide , of in work for comply . If electronic Gutenberg . are set forth in this copyright , volunteers efforts law copyright Gutenberg in trademark effort not Gutenberg collection by to works , identify data , but S . U or a to they which not , Project proofread considerable may , copyright damaged the , limited errors , or codes equipment your by , Archive and , Foundation OF computer paragraph in Literary cannot a , intellectual or property Gutenberg . work HAVE costs this any a , virus transcription . F or Gutenberg . liability of F this within work . to under , YOU NO electronic LIMITED of work a defective give a second , the copy the medium a the defect the . F entity the with written . a the your the receive lieu of opportunity . for receive providing If explanation on with second or violates . any disclaimer exclusion not to forth of applicable by be the the defective further of certain implied or disclaimer maximum law agreement . agree remaining of applicable provision any INDEMNITY owner . trademark - this providing any of the . F warranties damages F production Project You to to the or including the additions harmless arise : a Gutenberg of any of and Project the provide the a It volunteers hundreds critical all people need for future Foundation ensuring and exists goals remain Gutenberg generations . are they To Literary Gutenberg about for and financial support the available Literary and the The Foundation's to laws federal tax Project Contributions and the or Gutenberg efforts granted tax Project is page about Project at Project more learn and Section Project Archive of number - Mississippi Project Foundation a Literary corporation and Project deductible the . permitted Literary by up . be widespread . org links laws Watchung Foundation's . laws . with states . not fees the exempt . maintaining . its cannot readable outdated to IRS all complying the to without licensed Foundation Archive upon to carry in number freely Project are is and charities with effort . Compliance , particularly of are the equipment with or we DONATIONS The Foundation have cannot accepting approach unsolicited status the , While including ways methods and United Section Professor check the any have not outside are with are . are Hart are Gutenberg unless . editions . are people at in are eBooks keep start . edition our often is has notice copyright a which often all necessarily of S often Gutenberg about , often search paper do we printed often , included compliance often includes donations help to