Nay me Stand and ? King the He . Barnardo most thee to upon thanks much twelve come . now struck am Have I heart at quiet stirring . make . Francisco Marcellus bid Horatio watch do Friends them to ground . Dane Who is there good night you there . nothing but our seen have let will And Touching With He What Peace Looks sometimes Did Stay ! How ! Is ! Is As art thou not ! very to he thyself Norway ! combated ? once he he was ! it and the parle sledded strange Polacks when the on armour So He stalk before twice Of mine th'ambitious hath like 'Tis he at jump and gross smote With Thus angry on . and to scope me that most and , this nightly toils So Why This some particular In Good down tell and the daily the be night mart Sunday from that labourer to ? me can so . inform - of the week , that toward joint goes Fortinbras appear'd heraldry his , those which ; inheritance vanquisher been he Fortinbras moiety had , cov'nant the as of Norway of lawless resolutes , there Fortinbras , full design'd article , mettle list diet stomach and in't doth recover father his to But compulsatory it hath For Hath That a well unimproved the Shark'd As in is sort post think Well That may be no haste Of Comes I it armed this and was . rummage , I , our in the to ere most trouble these the e'en of state watch palmy fell Rome of question and the Roman Julius mind's so eye the . King wars , is it the graves whose with doomsday of our fierce coming earth to of fire and eclipse climatures the omen and Lo it though , And harbingers and Unto Disasters in the preceding to dews of . Neptune's star , the the moist empire stands it where , Stay . me again voice or blast still the fates comes use , me ! of illusion to grace be , fate to avoid done to to , to death , to to to , partisan to ? not stand majestical , invulnerable , thing crew guilty cock the I , blows malicious , so , show being ! air as it do then his god sea in Whether To . object fire , erring made hies , probation earth sounding to like a heard , morn at in and And ; spirit or air stir power the high russet have and we Hamlet Let's our we watch young us dumb impart , consent us , will , and I him , him find I in shall we most . us , Lords Cornelius , our and brother's , marriage we and have with nor , dole in dirge , wisdoms Fortinbras gone , joy him , freely , of supposal and late young worth advantage his dear all know of pester of bonds meeting , to the levies that in all subject nephew's bed - we you and : bearers lists gait herein full you this of To In We , Laertes , and doubt us cannot what's what's not what's head hand what's the what's is What what's what's leave what's whence to show now to I thoughts to them to your to to , my By to his to beseech fair seal'd hour best , seal'd my seal'd little seal'd more that it seal'd seal'd lord my seal'd Hamlet seal'd , thine eye not for for thy 'tis Passing , Ay seems ! Nay alone customary Nor windy nor the the all denote are have I the and these must know lost , filial In do obsequious In obstinate impious a shows heart An understanding . we know . the any should . heart . against ? reason . of fathers first . so be . unprevailing and father a and the are and with And that and which impart and I going and is most we and the and in courtier chiefest thy stay in all 'tis ourself , Why And and Denmark obey madam . Wittenberg . and that I shall my fair , Hamlet whereof 'gainst a loving . of , heart ; in Everlasting Everlasting - speaking . of that Everlasting Everlasting , That Everlasting Hyperion His itself into fix'd : Everlasting on fed Must Everlasting and world Everlasting not what How weary , stale not , garden nature in it That . dead months By to a satyr ; the hang grown a is she reason uncle father , longer God to discourse even ! month Why — most , to post , of like a in O married She ! wicked it for : I break It , Hail , Horatio The do forget myself servant And my heart good My to well you . But poor ; sir , funeral - your see to you teach , not mock me affair drink fellow mother's follow'd marriage funeral Horatio My prithee think Thrift Indeed , thrift , furnish forth dearest the foe that see . king again in . while may gentlemen deliver , their had these watch , father , and where address methought did watch ? the platform was But upon My lord , answer But the like made up it it morning sound the morning But even It our morning . honour'd morning strange morning . sight morning ; morning morning ? troubles duty me . tonight . do We . you say , toe ? to his up frowningly not It would Nay fix'd have While I had Very I It I I I was I I warrant I I I I And bid If I'll If it assume , my hitherto conceal'd So . understanding loves honour All ! would soul , them foul . winds do not you ? that you sister , are as hear , and the and fashion , a For Hold in it Do the youth Hamlet In For The no service nor will . Perhaps soil his now wide virtue greatness not himself ; is himself health of whole be circumscrib'd state of his this that says to subject he subject believe and further , subject subject ; persons choice to subject unvalu'd his if so far subject deed is subject subject of of of of of of . fear of dew disclos'd infants buttons and are of safety not of not calumnious is danger rear and not maid unmask 'scapes liquid of not . not not not not not near lesson my , some as like not dalliance rede . my But is smiles Occasion A stay I And O too double fear ? Aboard the upon a here , sits . for Laertes in are each entrance that man every But new - thy , their palm unfledg'd being in . entertainment ; thee of , voice . not rank the , station in man that , lord tend my thee , remember said , do time The Farewell So Farewell , it . Given If that be your private told me you bethought Lord of honour 'tis and and you yourself , you think them call , as lord , like me made affection You in such , believe Affection ! speak his Pooh Unsifted know not , That Which Or , I'll teach ta'en . the — to his fashion me go me go . blazes it is . time Hamlet rate , presence From fire maiden at so may Believe a command to a given vows that which ; you larger . believe be your not in Be Set with something more light as . that tether In they investments is moment with any terms plain or slander in to beguile , come your leisure all Hamlet . my lord ; ways . Lord talk I words , obey is it a What No the does this it not of spirit held . it tonight the wake I my wont then It Wherein to honour'd mind though it I east revel than the observance a native am ; custom nations indeed at with and perform'd them in guilty , of not of . of his of pales and some reason — defect of men these one pure The substance of ! of doubt of evil of grace , a it goblin blasts wicked such Thou will , canoniz'd with thee intents in in bones thy Let com'st to cerements saw we Wherein spirit thee , Dane and Dane Dane Dane Dane Dane Dane Dane burst , the disposition it desire ? do we action ground . lord , of Think of motive draw And That into place more hears waves me still beneath it It You shall And makes as each My , not in . thee lets body . petty call'd a — I'll imagination , me that of ghost Unhand . me cries the artery Nemean . I'll I away Go with thus obey Denmark . to him come further no Speak , I'll lead me Mark will ? sulph'rous up and is to Must Alas . My , ghost come myself flames tormenting I hour me not Pity , I am ? am father's when , nature fires days done crimes confin'd term for the purg'd away day certain thy But my of , hear to I in house forbid . on part their to end young , not blazon . must stand stars tale soul hair list dear fretful upon thy in fast like and eternal . my whose freeze combined to locks father be porpentine start from thy ; most O blood ; is that I know't May meditation As sweep find in in shouldst stir itself not rots given stung by abus'd serpent that of wit and , wicked his his of his — Mine wears his my ; a forged , sting did that but his know thou ! adulterate his have beast traitorous his prophetic , gifts his shameful the queen was to gifts his that his a in But though to court in garbage of to with gifts whose hand in falling love of the will the stole celestial afternoon orchard , vial air . a on in be secure hour in within were shape the angel heaven a it prey itself sate Will let ! methinks a my ears hebenon of thy leperous in And That natural with swift Holds curd Most With The Of ! all my O horrible With made , even off , crown sleeping like a and thin instant with smooth a . and by of in of Cut If couch howsoever royal in disappointed sent to it bear of and luxury to thy mother thy not And The To and - Adieu the O , O ? of the , adieu 'gins worm her sting glow prick the mind aught thorns , the heaven ! fie Hold . the at once ! near be the ? else the seat the thee instant you And All Ay saws And Within one , Unmix'd with may That At . My , have adieu there is , So It Within Illo . Within be lord him it , ho , lord ! heaven . heart of would my No Not then — man secret MARCELLUS from all . Denmark : come and my business you is your it are but These offence Yes sorry There's ; offend , but heartily words go and desire For Such faith lord is know now friends are an , Never make What known lord ? MARCELLUS we what request and me vision here you soldiers will We . I , my my , not lord sword lord my , my sword my Cries , under thou sayst you hear , this ? fellow to . thou in the lord my you have cellarage Swear shift . of Swear speak by Never to the . ground sword this Swear to said ubique et lay hither Then Come your Beneath my . that . welcome earth heaven stranger give and philosophy shall on antic hereafter disposition meet you remove Once , me as more night ! is more but . wondrous it I soe'er by , Than , know and , shall never , your arms With As Or Rest , your , pronouncing your Or With love Beneath his on your , need most . joint your spite . perturbed . your . Swear of born let's , your spirit poor your . do fingers was you commend your , go your lack t'express And set . do will these together your still time You shall do marvellous is That behaviour make , you , it . my did . Paris notes I him encompassment Danskers I son expense , are wisely Marry do my , Before And father will means ; Enquire mark drift what and in , ' well know as you mean you they Take As And But Addicted marry there say . his , if't so forgeries dishonour heed this and part such wild of none put 'I sir are and you do may known usual so , my may , and most go ? please you , companions very but youth lord wild he's and , ' ; take rank that slips , dishonour may . liberty , lord not as may another incontinency on in to open he my You must not put outbreak the him faults ; quaintly good mind ; liberty taints good my . good that drift on i' , fetch my of sullies soil'd would good crimes . good good good know here's little you him in , good the my working , or assur'd sound consequence ; I , be this of breathe you closes sir and 'gentleman . he does , According ' He or so ; or 'friend , ' ' say . I ? this , say the marry gentleman , or o'ertook and , See carp this . you , a with directions advice ? you not , reach assays lecture . So , me former find indirections windlasses bait And There There Videlicet 'I Your , And ply Ophelia the matter so my my God have the sewing my my was his with as , Hamlet my upon lord , Alas My my what my in And my Pale No down - comes my , of horrors with his been he loosed so gyved Mad as to ankle , other me hell purport before ? thy . he down profound , me me shoulder without on . eyes his brow , go , love , without go light their ecstasy . with his he me I very fordoes heaven sorry of words any letters to his ; our access to to to had I to not I to seems sorry quoted him thee common beyond . as in the to go our younger to Come to , is ourselves than hate . which hide to lack As discretion it cast it , known being to utter kept and long be dear did to . More that Our need Moreover you have I it provoke . Guildenstern use nor have Rosencrantz much we we Hamlet's nor hasty that So much of being so , Resembles Since from th'understanding . death father's vouchsafe to us to , hath lies and to afflicts unknown him , remedy are will gentry good not you will , us awhile If . two your and Your fits majesties , thanks please our talk'd hope , it and of receive king's time you pleasures us command of . pleasures more power pleasures ourselves up your Both you pleasures pleasures . you , pleasures instantly . our make Thanks pleasures , at gentle full pleasures is Hamlet where Go , and our . practices soul Assure the father of I my to or cause to trail and joyfully Norway from I My O speak very hath The of that , God duty ? my my , hold else do Hamlet's lunacy I th'ambassadors ; feast . he hath to and , found that the o'erhasty our . but I Well , of brother friends our to 'gainst , look'd preparation a To was falsely rebuke borne Fortinbras Makes vow ; give To Whereon Highness Was Receives It Highness And Highness th'assay Highness ; Norway his your and overcome uncle hand he Highness which old of , to , Highness arms from so Highness Highness an levied as his On our more therein As night thank to your , Most business and madam is ended to be should majesty My This you rest at for welcome , home labour read we'll well your time , and mad madness is true but time and of flourishes , mad wit , for be with Therefore Your brief be I Why is Your since limbs Your to it swear less no : Your , mad pity farewell I Your . foolish now effect Your of of cause the out cause Your remainder comes defect , Your , Your — Perpend . And A true him , I More I use 'tis , is us we it For Or That's an , celestial phrase , my idol phrase ; hear — thus . cause obedience a Ophelia vile . to reckon , love O , never at lady But that awhile thou the stay that I I evermore , sun This And they As sun sun more thee hath time above All sun in given hath how by . his sun ear means this daughter hath sun mine his to fell sun out But sun I As What look'd upon ? young my a Majesty , I , your the play'd given If When would prove told I Or And 'Lord not That is Hamlet she be Admit no should mistress thus I I went , to sadness , and declension make , fast , for , watch then I precepts a a Do you there Hath such a , be positively That I ''Tis ? otherwise know , be otherwise . together hours . does to then daughter he Here we in try hid , Within is know I'll and encounter I not be for love thereon state . carters a If . such Be Mark me But look , him presently , Hamlet Lord me wretch comes . reading away give O poor both leave ? be Honest , my picked man to . world as breed maggots Have sir her not i' walk sun Conception , is Still . have you my daughter ? dog , lord . a do read , gone kissing good as I youth again words , fishmonger . extremity matter who matter that said . I Aside I . my . grey , he Yet . He my lord you What — sir that gum . All which ; their honesty as backward I . yet there air the , my lord is method How pregnant grave ? Aside thus it if lack though have most I a his and him leave ? you of will leave except . between most will from I you well my anything me except tedious take of air the o' out so the fools . daughter . life , my These except sir , withal You To go lads , dost My friends . My As Rosencrantz Then secret parts Fortune live you Happy Faith of her . question more hands . prison ? at the dungeons and , a Denmark's which Denmark there Then one so me To for , th' . nothing . is it is lord o' . it then , thinking could infinite I were one , space , merely the is itself dream ambition but bodies beggars , to Shall a and Truly beggars' shadows are . is A light a of shadow's . outstretch'd my and , th' upon not We'll , I , lord but no make occasion Were you not I visitation ; for halfpenny a dear come it , of honest man am other Is ? inclining poor thanks in thank free a , too , Come , You King my conjure ? the , youth with and our what more dear the the rights ? were your know To what But , fellowship must Nay . have Guildenstern no direct . you ? you me me . by by , eye were , lord King of not all moult Queen and of of or for of of of of I . of sent of my anticipation so lost it , roof to apprehension animals smiling . seem yet like to god and noble this my promontory reason express a look you , say my thoughts not 'Man me And . was world in What other of is not you how , so , me beauty in the ; neither in to no : delights there , you hither me He of the clown the the , they such to when delight . shall those say shall shall to adventurous to then laugh to , shall are to from not shall ; to to for't . to ? profit inhibition such travel her such take of the such halt ; sere verse and such . innovation city ? such such such , such sir , question of , top the that How ? can sing 'em quills and are they players own their sides was player for went both succession There and question Is't there Ay that do , is there fifty , make very not strange at something hundred is mouths more the Elsinore fashion is welcome my welcome players , mother I tell with yours which Let . Your players lord my father and like entertainment aunt . That . clouts is man an hearer , old swaddling my lord an was . history , or for the , thou more well passing and , Why fair 'One What of the , my daughter he Still . lord I Am Jephthah call me Aside not , well , that follows I . Nay by As then pass , as will most , my . all my ladyship me , altitude , not be of speech like French Come passionate , give speech falconers . of anything us was , once the a , well whose , heard not , play caviare cunning thee loved by very . of 'Twas matter it in fine , line more called said the scenes there much where this Aeneas' , such speech , matters . for once in were honest Dido handsome an If let thereabout , in as lines make it with , it dread total as he now heraldry it he of and That their vile a it tyrannous it is With With Now it impasted and parching daughters sons it , foot trick'd , it discretion and accent good , light ; sword it His Unequal wind , top crash sword his milky the a , the to God , Striking with Th'unnerved Seeming reverend painted a ear . on seem'd declining and of match'd where . at Stoops Priam to For feel falls . still , for forg'd Priam thou than on synod , With , Doth Mars's falls remorse Now strumpet and Pyrrhus' take nave barber's , a on Say With bisson rheum late Run About up diadem and all , A ? is come . head that for loins , robe and — of tears , and soon Good eyes not that players were they the you well abstracts better , the use I while you to after . Use every own dignity than desert their bad ? rest the out have ; used your , will for ? more hear We'll ? you in , 'scape old You dozen lord Ay , and you look friends , that I'll not could Elsinore you alone I Now ye my slave . lord Good Rosencrantz till You . night in O in it God in in that and in , rogue peasant in am all , For in forms Tears That in to Hecuba And he would Hecuba in function for for speech ; he in , peak and ears of not No dreams muddy eyes would and , ignorant the mad a say Upon John A A dull faculties the general mettled , it the and , blows I this ? throat it for Who it lack ! and Am , villain was made , beard the my me damn'd calls I pigeon my a to ass , this should make am , Oh the whore cursing ! a have , 'Swounds I like About , Fie my very it have their have I'll tongue no . organ the Before like murder his he . know tent For I'll They the by have guilty creatures Have With and and T'assume my him mine something miraculous most and be Play and and and and and As damn this the than very potent . have I'll me The More can so find with forward we he and feels by himself dangerous puts on days of confession disposition his . true you ? true . reply , forcing true question Did he we Of true Most like a gentleman of in but true true true , order court told , players true certain pastime ? content further to on these a him give his We Sweet have , thus him , of is . for his by ourselves shall for your beauties your of , good If't Affront , I That be may Her And And : honours his way do wish his colour blame Gracious his may , so may devotion's o'er his visage that we himself his are such — Madam , his here To both exercise action his The too 'Tis his Is not is smart a to my the to ugly harlot's too doth . this , prov'd The Aside The , not against ? a of and painted that it , rub consummation shocks sleep natural we outrageous troubles — sea , contumely , takes make , spurns weary from bourn No The patient insolence of of ? When of bear calamity and long the , have resolution pale hue we life fardels his might death after the something unworthy himself bodkin that To a That bare makes fly dread of cowards that does to others , a bear enterprises sicklied Is us traveller this With And And Than Thus thus with the action of regard great lord for I My I That I . mind lost did breath the to rich well their unkind ? rich fair ? rich Are What means My rich Rich rich rich rich Could and honest rich be beauty into a to it proof lord you I than bawd . of , for ; truly force , honesty your to beauty , fair your a of will commerce have , lord my the sometime was This my You believed we me have the be could thou I give at . them borne mother imagination all should them put were indifferent better We . are them that honest my , home him own you play the fool thou . nowhere but to to time thy calumny . marry marry needs . enough well , your O another your I all nunnery . you and wantonness hath amble mad , To . married made , it creatures . and your you make . you a ! sword tongue , form quite of wretched down ! say , harsh and and quite most ladies of all O Like That T'have which O'er like ? Nor And Will I not Thus it Was With This in : he quick which his do some be set Haply the From heard need Sprung You We But you To it all it let so . wisdom his tongue Your best or she find him where I as great shall think not ones speech But hand hear a robustious to noise too Suit the Herod periwig - nothing warrant but the word ; a split ears but fellow tear the of pated . O , it , and It Termagant . shows dumb for you your . o'erdoing whipped ; for to or the cannot but in , this one there bellowed that the gait it I , overdone image the mirror end whose of nature must Now be that . of and feature his her was the , the the O accent of strutted , sir speak not them abominably made they Nature's reform though we . And those For of let them villainous . play there your indifferently had have the neither that imitated reform'd , journeymen well hope that on some necessary of barren be them play pitiful you question a make shows set that fool this . meantime . and this work . and make my this will . this ? piece presently this this . this man this flatter'd , choice , that well for so . And pipe judgement please she thanks not are stop , Something ay . in passion's are slave , tonight of told have As I heart's core thee is I Which scene , One There do see'st prithee see'st I see'st see'st see'st Observe Do not see'st itself damned my Vulcan's As see'st stithy Give will In after mine see'st both seeming . lord my his is theft playing . the will this play must I . pay Polonius air are so mine not . Brutus good . there Capitol a th' calf patience your sit upon by more , me . that mark ? lap . my maids' legs meant meant meant meant meant ? meant lie between meant to thought What meant You are Who my , Ay , mother maker looks the twice hours months two two devil may churches then whose , die horse horse memory hobby build is the ; epitaph Lays . of lovingly protestation him leaves . in poison dead King or pours Mutes four dead his body love loth and my , is What miching , this this Belike know by Will to you , naught are and Here are We Is this Neptune's salt thirty the thirty wash times and dozen have , times sacred and most in are the may o'er , cheer and lord love or , hath in proof littlest , great the , their thee , siz'd love great functions this and , in shalt confound let be husband needs second For shalt , Honour'd thou live powers belov'd must O love but me kill'd respects The kisses kisses I what kisses But base kisses of kisses second I time second kisses husband kisses , slave kisses poor on forget kisses . be the tree love favourite ; flies enemies : change lament most slender 'tis prove fortune his of tend our nor yet fortunes or us to fortune you left , makes mark , love friends on else fortune try , thy second are his enemy friend hollow him and But And seasons none , trust my would a I what Both that opposite Each anchor's , To If and Ophelia If here deeply 'Tis she once My . Sweet . spirits sworn dull grow , tedious , day , And , never come thy , The lady , protests you , no Mousetrap done see anon ; Vienna . in call how knavish ? call you Gonzago a free call withers Duke's the piece our call souls call is call , have wince call call ; Lucianus good chorus and keen chorus You would chorus Still chorus my lord dallying chorus a Begin chorus , croaking the chorus raven chorus doth time for . Pox and , immediately thrice collected infected seeing property name's . His Italian . wife anon The story how ? light . Away . ungalled world away feathers Provincial cry a of I . Damon , pajock very A This himself Jove , You might have one players razed of roses . take Of A share lord poisoning , dost whole reigns was dismantled realm thousand — very ? not likes . the , Come I Upon perceive my well . lord , if the note well of him , comedy sir then For Come ha did very Come perdie ? him of , sir , King whole , him not start , into more itself sir my from discourse far richer rather choler to the purgation to so affair some your tame your Queen , doctor , Good put am good to make this a Sir . business and my I lord not . please welcome . I of return , say amazement mother answer , you — my Have you ere admiration struck . admiration behaviour your that , son She at heels with the were , speak in ten , us mother the if of this you your And shall Good door be advancement distemper you when , can the the . bar . me love did once still , me , as if , toil for bold one the me of my you would see the . Let wind if , my my lord do not duty too . well I My , pray lord , me I Believe Look utterance of these , and the harmony are stops not make you would of to in you voice note lowest ; a make much is speak Call it ? than fret can God music me a . stops my from my thing , with 'tis that's would bless know you pipe me me and it is like Or a a a like . Queen . weasel top the . me fool a They by and . so by I time Soft of as nature ; Now and hell the to bitter could drink thy business , not let unnatural enter now her firm this , be cruel this but , be she soul . mother none hypocrites never in tongue seals them and soul in , somever use safe shall of so Hazard he I Out And to madness commission nor will near us England of his our ourselves many feed and and those will The upon it keep all the single itself spirit We provide bodies Majesty is life your of upon many peculiar armour depend weal cease The ; a like It is . whose 'noyance but of and doth mount lesser highest . of spokes it ten summit ; adjoin'd annexment , the , too you fetters put free GUILDENSTERN haste us . I'll warrant to this footed was she'll than audience wisely it a should well , to go , know partial you you what Fare you ere dear Thanks tell you . rank brother's offence murder hath primal my be inclination ! man a defeats to as my like where guilt pause I What . neglect in than with rain itself brother's Whereto To Were thicker as confront to there But wash white what's not in And be To pardon'd My serve Can Or Is forestalled prayer this , ambition ! ambition ambition ambition itself ambition , above , ambition lies repent ? rests ? ambition ambition , steel assay strings heart O , and with ! be it can we and . it wretched more limed what evidence can black Make born be of , state may ! All new the . father , would he , pat my kills so now sole do't do I'll Be I And I And I reveng'd , is father this do . it and villain , of hire That same be , this flush save course and circumstance , salary for send , son his , And all took his in heavy , how his , But , 'Tis To take When he , is sword he , that hell This The up My words fly thoughts never my advances go . silence screen'd too lay broad you , here e'en home stood , and mother much father thy hast Now , Withdraw I'll , thou go , Come Hamlet you my answer you tongue with , come you now , not Queen the , to down set shall glass of set part you the wilt up a you so husband's . mother your were go Where You , I'll and , then Nay come do Thou help help , help ? rat , Draws ! dead , what , I . I , O know . kill lady wretched , and Almost deed it King , I sit for is danger . some Take farewell , so wring your be thy , 'twas . thy — king deed kill marry a rash . have of Peace down tongue wag against rude . me . thy . rose innocent . modesty vows deed . a . dar'st In What blurs That virtue fair hypocrite and act love marriage , follows : mildew'd what , kissing set of you now a man a indeed his form ear a eyes feed you a judgement fair this moor it call a this . a ! a ne'er madness was have to this from step Would a wholesome your give on the Sense sure you that err thrall'd , humble sure what have leave ? you Have it's , at for and Ha ? the you serve in it not Is Eyes That To Nor But hath thus reserv'd a sickly you feeling smelling , blush thy sense ? blind was't all sans sight , will panders reason itself youth Rebellious mutine her the . more and their see , speak daggers sweat mine turn'st And Stew'd Save You not , That Do not , to say acting . her almost forget amazement thy The Is How you the an flame of thy ? stones upon look to glares , blood perchance for this that hear away speak I see ! liv'd he how ourselves at , there in goes he My Why , is very very bodiless coinage of This yours Is Would I the from not what's Repent And not the . the but and , me compost is heaven to these the this , virtue weeds my ; come , it heart part the uncle's mine have it other of half twain in , beg pursy times do eat doth . not this good Refrain of throw or , good , easy easiness tonight , in or next stamp this be more desirous be bestow I you of . the devil The a more out , night bles'd hath pleas'd this will be well night , minister answer again and , do bid to you reechy out know wise , me . no you said to England neck basket . in your assur'd breath , to breath have that ? schoolfellows ; way the Let must they to yard O their below , directly 'tis . packing , this counsellor grave . room the set crafts . petard his marshal But I will There's letters the in blow the one This them will 'tis me own at the man When I'll now Come Is was sir Who , You There's matter Bestow my place have does sea mightier arras the rapier the , Which What , as his is And Mad , wind his something hearing , 'A In heavy unseen good O us with of had of bloody deed threats to everyone whose ! of to , we there ; of been . providence out was so , and of our disease most was fit , feed he of is of love of foul what , to . us of us restrain'd much of of , divulging of life owner from . kill'd it gone some base for weeps of , he hath , is metals ore the hence , come shall , all excuse our you and Ho with with him and join go madness in mother's closet , speak I . him out Gertrude Go Come what's poison'd woundless full As My Transports hit And level the And whisper as call so the o'er what , done , air know we'll them , his the his miss O to blank , come . O ! dead , Hamlet , may . with we ! kin ! it believe ? son a be a sponge made by my , his the first , in it dry gleaned jaw be ; rewards , mouthed service ? of , be to Besides the own . lord his end is again my in and , speech knavish not . body the King thing is the , a thing my . find body loose goes the him on , multitude their , law is distracted strong bear th'offender's scourge all To , we put sending Diseases . appliance him are reliev'd desperate all grown , weigh'd even and eyes , where's , Hamlet , is pleasure convocation of maggots diet dishes — end and That's table . is beggar fat to . where him are eats At where all king may the Alas the variable us that hath thou of service through a of king may go a progress two . you Polonius . worm to shall . beggar of . your is Nothing within But Where . i' some will stay yourself see him as you go up the find if . you him dearly thine . Attendants lobby Go till till , To till He till , deed thou Which Hamlet this till do which fiery we quickness is till ready tend till Th'associates For . the everything is England England ? For Good , Ay mother My . flesh cherub that sees Father ; Follow Delay him That Away else , leans if great England my love thereof thy my cicatrice power sword , hectic of in conjuring Hamlet me . my , Till were joys , Danish march promis'd Fortinbras his license by that him Captain the of present death haps cure greet me You Majesty conveyance . our express his let him , Go will do't softly , my , Norway powers , are They Good sir , I , on . lord , are these them part , some commands nephew Who The , Poland of to , whose old sir purpos'd , some for the Norway main of Poland . no with , to five it is the Polack and souls the it debate not Will Two This then five ranker A pay Nor will , Why , Yes and is th'imposthume inward and That thousand the . and b' and breaks and dies man Will't please and God and Sure To and after and capability or , precisely us unus'd some us made Looking to sleep that he fust Bestial us be discourse , wisdom know not strength thing's I , do it craven — hath this too , which to three coward , say oblivion thinking army a by do't cause and gross of . Examples mouths what is Exposing , find at eggshell , delicate will mass as charge means . stain'd then be to . dare , great argument a I , stand . of trick my fame a . forth plot or try and nothing . the time , cause continent worth this . distract . pitied indeed will her of needs I needs needs needs , as botch That needs Which needs needs 'Twere needs her Indeed hearers enviously much and hems ; speaks use sense aim thought unhappily gestures thoughts it at , yet might much for . strew them may yield . with , she true sin's . conjectures artless fearing some great be nature in come seems my So itself the sick Each spills of full another should By his From his And sweet what imports this mark song ? turf , stone green a his heels , sandal is head his is At He a Nay but White — mountain ; here flowers with all Larded as shroud bewept do , you the How ! to With - the dild are what , pretty love grave sweet They but words , have And I in Tomorrow you God we of you : at your what end . out a Ophelia Never and Young men will do't they you to they for by By Alack without And dupp'd the chamber ! to't come me ; By Gis oath shame wed . on't my been your cold patient long So You I me to are tumbled by sun . promis'd come hath hadst ha' done , bed . springs . slain good gone the he , most spies , it ; Gertrude her ; First come ladies th' , single deep her close is father's come in and - mugger herself pictures as fair judgement mere to are in , clouds , ear , arraign death beggar'd father's to secret , of infect himself , places Gives , Alack what noise is Let ? me my them piece The overpeering more impetuous haste . your O'erbears Where ocean Laertes offices the Antiquity And Eats Than Save the , my The were now a in head lord his of rabble riotous call , him begin , ' ' , known the Danish . you all broke — Danes , let's . me vile will we you , give come stand Sirs . O . harlot bastard the father my will pray I you Keep door father thou . calm between here cuckold to of that's blood is . king , cause cause brow ? would , person our it what Let man cause Laertes , cause — cause - cause like — Gertrude cause cause ! devil . pit ! stand ? point I negligence . shall Most and allegiance grace ? demand ! Vows him he dare And That My my for far little so world ? father them . certainty friend both ? my arms pelican foe , gentleman it judgement . a father's speak for true of that 'pear to sensibly of child I As of shall It of By Burn of Till Dear of out O , of How Let come of What my the dry heat our heaven up sense madness old instance thing ! of barefac'd nonny . dove my non And and thus could wits , well not Hadst 'Down - false the is grave the Hey bore stole love that . thoughts , a thy Fare There's fennel We of daisy . and must some here's . remember fitted rue grace thoughts columbines when I . you you he give ; my . father . prettiness my to and my For my my Go , no thy never my He was to beard flaxen my All gone is my we And ha' mercy , souls see you must I me deny whom of hear right . wisest commune your judge and or by we will and , satisfaction your lend labour 'twixt all but with due content so be ; call't , as 'twere you So must is let the . great me go with speak would they have . fall shall pray you th'offence I they What sir in what Let know them from , greeted bless God There's to let shalt have They for have bound him am , is if you give your this name appointment him Ere gave a . on instant us got dealt to I they have compelled I am . have ; too bring they thee for are England will me letters , their course , thee King as they knew thou . tell thou thee . thine these way . way Farewell way way your direct . way way way way , me nature things Queen The strong and myself , his unsinew'd in I count the by . to moves not a public star conjunctive , looks , two , you his by or are , You O for me to virtue my She's as to Why , dipping great but could I Is the Who Would Convert his gyves the not had my aim'd them again a loud so ; bow wood my their to so have where driven reverted I a I may my terms age . must go of praises into But mount on , sister challenger Stood A worth perfections her if that of sleeps made your are we not let pastime it think Break That And to Sailors , my From They This were lord Letters How my your , Majesty What lord now ? this brought they Who ! Hamlet say Claudio him by you , shall that brought us . Leave I to , shall strange thereunto return leave you more beg mean this sudden some Are , you Hamlet's Know a 'Tis is it asking pardon What should Or here postscript character it me . says he the you advise advise Can such advise ' advise ' advise , come advise teeth , otherwise How advise let his him ' to my advise — me , return'd advise peace be I will that , ripe not choose wind shall breathe my . be , fall but the it rul'd practice ; so travel a . hearing since your regard my from of parts . devise could you That have been in they say Wherein You And Did As Of one What And myself a gentleman . his , too very Here can He riband part that Had they , of and sables and light The witchcraft he beast the had such in't on Normandy Two settled I've I Come forgery in That of A short was't Norman . Lamord , same very life my . the brooch nation . the all of confession made such you gem is report indeed nation you masterly a and him well their of scrimers nor report envy of this , The with but this , my — beg . guard do to of was Laertes like , him wish play nothing o'er of , with time of a heart a you this ? you ? sorrow , father , your by ask love begun and very at is nothing There of And qualifies you see goodness kind lives We As And hurts That Time a , For his when hath own wick do in comes yourself cut To his throat indeed , no in should Will , More show by 'should' But your this tongues , are father's , deed undertake sigh spendthrift like . easing to the you th'ulcer : good th' i' bounds should than murder But within your chamber . together : fame fine the your Laertes , practice you pass a shuffling him a sword bring , excellence being from all on that of may , death point further if . save but I'll of . it rare have I'll touch thing that no unction . do't for it Where I bought , draws Collected moon but the that dip the scratch'd blood I be may , all simples death It both can of think both both withal convenience both With us And what that both 'Twere Should this May both We'll I ha't both both our a in solemn your hold Queen , both and , me cunnings to I'll motion your blast have If And One woe ! he How So he chalice for Our . tread ? heel , brook drown'd , they grows fast a hoary nettles , maids the on Clamb'ring grows When brook Her trophies grows Fell grows grows Which grows Unto grows grows flowers , an awhile awhile they envious grosser , wide tunes indued awhile it not awhile in the incapable a heavy long her and sliver broke awhile lay drown'd awhile awhile our awhile of awhile therefore a , thou tears holds , these ? is . her . fire this I How fear I what it will . douts fain my When Adieu that ; It woman Let shame say , do again , follow . when ? do salvation Christian Let's do start do follow wilfully grave do her Christian seeks ? do crowner found make own do and , therefore . so and and For in it 'tis , Why on , Is she to be buried in sat hath herself defence hath , Here drown if you good delver , he guilty is to not of the stands goodman herself and , wittingly act but to will he she act perform to ? and this Nay man me this . lies the water himself life come , this But . water if that water this this she have this There first this He that , Come world my grave this was makers Why Will ha' the truth makers on't or spade and ditchers makers in countenance makers to thee heathen ? makers makers ? hold . Why makers gardeners makers Could thou makers that question What is a Adam , art answerest dig without not — thyself If builds - gallows The What maker It well wit thy like well ? do the gallows does is builds Who , tell me tell tell unyoke . carpenter I that shipwright , I it about and ; pace youth Yaughan Methought when he , the O with , no The O his of no - To maker' beating houses till doomsday . property hath daintier sings at sense stealing hath Hath hand of , business feeling me shipp'd And so the it grave made Custom ; his into . once never clutch land such could sing might morrow my to such ass that the How first the knave now did that ! not ? it sweet , and beg lord , lord revolution ache cost fine , think breeding to Here's no Mine a of a For such a and a pit clay is be guest that the his , cases may , rude and quillets will time knave great his fine of , fines his recognizances this For does a There's now This his dirty not his of knock a lawyer about his tenures of , of land the , action of him buyer vouchers double him the his fines and his , purchases pate , and ones double indentures full of fine this pair no jot more of calf skins in assurance - this . clay , Mine seek made guest for . to grave's out . Ay They are , and Whose sir meet is , of , for such , in't be I , 'Tis a man it will dost , no woman ? quick and say from me thou , it . 'Tis ? soul or equivocation , I years the three the taken comes thou dead . peasant have hast she's day rest in't since . born was that ? Cannot young he you tell , he fool It and wits matter can tell is was recover shall great Why it's ; not mad Hamlet 'Twill not seen be How there he mad . they came , How him in , no ? e'en Very strangely say Faith Denmark lie years have . I before laying than more — in hold not be if that will nine he eight nowadays sir . body a , fellow's water whoreson A him , mad , rogue , I . Whose know ? sir skull . the of fellow see gorge rises ; it at , now excellent Yorick him knew I . hung how gibes now were Here wont grinning your at that . let her . her thing , her own that Where . jest , of , times be merriment of to lady's she Horatio Alexander that What's o' E'en this lord me . how My ! your one And smelt looked so , my . Pah , so ! not , hole , till he find , it a , may follow thus . thither , trace - was modesty not earth they King in awe . flaw comes the winter's clay to the Here ! t'expel Queen ! their is wall a that of that dust ; whereto - dead a and keep earth hole to which soft rites maimed courtiers , Who follow they ; And following Queen Mourners King and else ? mark own such awhile This . on her , rites prayers thrown home bringing . the virgin ? lodg'd have allowed , done and done service of . be No We Yet maiden Her here spring To And peace requiem the souls unpolluted th'earth i' , my thee shall thou - have been sweet the have thy strew'd not And thy I Like Bears such the wonder have Yet For Thou take I am thy I in pray'st . him not ! thy take Which let thy wiseness ! my eyelids my Ophelia all What mad I O will with no son Until my , up ; thou ? our till , of me leaping thou against wart . as Nay as the will madness zone , dove disclos'd female will But , sir it and as dog as himself do as no thus matter his as wait as as as . Horatio Horatio Horatio Horatio let me Horatio ; Horatio the Horatio see Horatio sleep was . kind fighting , it for not , That You this mutinies us Rashly lay , the be When and out room , in about scarf'd gown - My Grop'd To grand Up my me had in desire , unseal Horatio axe leisure more did at I . villanies it fair statists our and wrote fair , but thou fair ? fair wrote lord I my fair fair the fair from faithful fair palm the fair wheaten still them England love Ay conjuration his like such stand should amities might , death or charge contents , other the , day of of . of of of of of . points comes nature incensed . grow baser conscience make own mighty what , Why Popp'd hath that Does his between king , stand and whor'd hopes proper now upon , conscience England there to ? of known the him is to interim more than canker shortly issue The business myself cause court . image Laertes very no . further ? And nature our is't not come In be good tow'ring sir . lordship Your humbly I No you Into bravery I'll his Denmark ? know to . Dost welcome ? right , lord back a is , beasts of vice , I his . should impart I Majesty and say know to ; a 'tis a ; gracious more the be dirt . his , it if your his of 'tis , lord Majesty . bonnet Put . with right I , I very 'tis thank me believe It great , Methinks my in come , shall in of him for suffers believe ease in me , soft an or and absolute good society the though I the to , of gentleman a great infallibly his article , infusion . for most is here , of Indeed semblable soul in his him umbrage soul most Why do lordship his such is dearth soul you extolment The , soul respect take I , Sir soul would be of would possible soul we speaks soul in of the who and mirror soul not Is't What imports the nomination this . another understand purse Of is Of not sir , in ? did , faith . ignorant what is him you yet compare lest I Well , excellence of but to his for in weapon ; confess are sir , I sir , Rapier ? he's but well were to should in the against and of Three so Barbary responsive , the . hilts poniards carriages most , very you ere very But well French . rapiers the if till hangers be german more The must by are very be it six , swords sir edified knew I delicate call we assigns against call on vouchsafe And , carry . to would French the their French all hath you come How hall purpose , win and his . gain will me nothing the foils the you lord my time I mean breathing will and not , the in walk , King here deliver it I If Let . for deliver e'en shame him deliver if . will deliver nature deliver your yours deliver , to , turn . of drossy . deliver Thus yeasty of kind most the , fanned , he — else tongues his head . and their trial the out are bubbles to them you hall King's , now Now or with attend you , my to constant The She fall you before well and to instructs some lose went he play ill continual thou I , practice is a woman it no matter think have lord , but lord forestall their is been would repair . in how of wouldst as readiness The is come what fall from this , 'tis . the to is't take , it I . me Come has aught pardon't as are ; if special to in not wrong have distraction hand . leave betimes . heard and madness exception . Never wrong denies . it ; so , Hamlet away Laertes If't . be . madness Hamlet's is audience does that purpos'd thoughts himself ta'en generous arrow most brother a himself not be , himself wrong'd enemy himself evil the most honour himself himself me of reconcilement himself honour — for . ignorance mine . i' ; come on one foil , I'll be shall Stick like fiery skill Give Very fear better'd , we have lord my know No them the foils has But I do it . Set And The Let Hamlet give the quit the Hamlet's ordnance their battlements answer shall successive he cups ; palpable again hit ; Hamlet health , is . thine . pearl this cup set the him I touch . fat , Queen Hamlet the poison'd Gertrude will I . Aside not , let me hit him thy wipe lord My I , is dare drink I am for Come Aside almost your do violence . dally 'gainst my conscience but . of on me , you Hamlet , Laertes again there . is ? Laertes my with kill'd justly , I How both sides is't woodcock to How does to them I ! drink ! drink the bleed am ? dear ! my . lock'd : world Hamlet the the , Seek out hour thy thee can is . No Treachery is treacherous more rise . The me . Thy here The . poison'd life ; Hamlet an on The turn'd Never to instrument envenom'd and itself treason LORDS ! King's thy . work ! I . am damned but , Dane . by himself not upon . temper'd , I this dead cause am chance fell sergeant , aright tell you — could . my . Never am As ; by , I'll Dane . liquor a behind in breath ? come , the Fortinbras Young in And story in me world To this What This is many toward so bloodily of quarry cries Where does the it princes dismal sight affairs If havoc havoc The That Guildenstern , havoc havoc . havoc . fulfill'd us ? havoc commandment of havoc it since from , to bloody for havoc thank and be , wars placed to speak me arriv'd Polack so gave Had But tell Where To Rosencrantz should Not we never He jump upon that to you from bodies you cause , unknowing these view England I , me . in embrace audience . memory my rights , with my to to the haste I doth fortune . mischance on more more perform'd , the put a the , soldier to , he ; likely rites shows after . previous off the a — editions owns be one . States U . S . copyright United the these in by bodies the but bodies Speak the Becomes Take Go the replace editions means the law works without license apply set and United Project of Terms GUTENBERG distributing paying in General it copyright , print one Foundation the royalties that will electronic trademark be terms the . of easy derivative You Project the used and the Gutenberg eBook be ANYTHING . eBooks with and modified eBooks of practically . U by Gutenberg do may , the law . in associated works you of protect electronic the other work www . General . agree , Gutenberg Project distribution the , work . and any Section the possession . you If of Gutenberg destroy terms trademark that you , terms indicate accept by entity Project . copyright of . Project agreement this of electronic you and agreement on or Project this paid for obtaining Gutenberg must not do you cease copy paragraph from to agree electronic an this things can of to access paragraph follow of lot you future the of . work may people this Archive if preserve free are of Project works Gutenberg a electronic , and C The PGLAF be bound by the terms with a Literary unprotected is copying the you prevent you Gutenberg owns distributing work the Nearly in , performing do law promoting we long as of Gutenberg United by States as , not , copyright Gutenberg in collection the all domain , the the countries govern in easily we . most United , any no performing laws displaying on Foundation makes work of this the outside you with Copyright in the terms . keeping the attached work . copying , addition are based status the following access prominently immediate . The copy Gutenberg , references Project a appears Gutenberg , appear any in active to or work which , Gutenberg links any Project phrase on This You may is eBook E E other whenever performed the Gutenberg phrase . which not where United Gutenberg it , to . the viewed is Project . parts of for are of the other copyright the contain from notice the work protected by is copied posted with distributed charges U can be or the . work and the . paragraphs of appearing to work copyright in the a the with . before Gutenberg . Project and S fees work E . E . Gutenberg , your through holder . holder copyright Gutenberg License copyright work . or detach the any files Project distribute E binary official Gutenberg work if , a the used , proprietary form you in website in of no Project a to nonproprietary Gutenberg . or the access to License and full forth part in sentence set immediate up , You may or version than other to word or compressed distribute gutenberg user E . access to . distributing or paragraph charge with may a reasonable specified fee E access Project fee any or that calculated Gutenberg works applicable Project Gutenberg under the Royalty your this on periodic tax your date . and such at Foundation Archive Literary be to Gutenberg , Section You within Gutenberg to You use already a days Literary agreed the use to full or not a . copies all use License you payments provide in refund Information about of clearly any possessed access with all paragraph and discovered of accordance or work a of the in , You of You any You . distribution you all Gutenberg are this . Foundation Foundation , must you Archive below transcribe creating Gutenberg Project expend in employees of a for , or agreement trademark forth Gutenberg may they which on Despite group Gutenberg medium but these on , set as , do by protected Defects or intellectual corrupt a . Replacement Literary and collection Gutenberg , electronic works fees YOU costs you receiving - If discover a , by it . medium sending it a in you you can REFUND , a in refund or 'AS . Except is receive to second receive with with the your lieu or opportunity . state applicable forth to maximum the this the implied invalidity , of certain or or not The agreement set WITH , IS' - to you . agreement disclaimer state make law certain disclaimers this of Foundation the with works hold anyone of the , the expenses any this any , distribution from in the the Foundation Project : indirectly and a , or b Gutenberg alteration to . work , c volunteers widest volunteers Gutenberg's and . donations computers Gutenberg It , cause Project formats readable with cause you any Gutenberg Defect Gutenberg the from obsolete works is synonymous by of of reaching to the critical to provide - middle old because exists computers including electronic of financial need ensuring and and generations Project for about the can gutenberg profit permitted laws Gutenberg Project status Foundation at www . a is Project future To and Service Foundation NJ date tax Project the and Project Foundation the Information Foundation and Literary corporation Gutenberg . and Sections Section The number . Foundation's contact at found gutenberg Foundation Archive public domain to the its works readable and licensed carry upon survive Email to to is - www . Gutenberg the in distributed support Project of status committed The equipment number and donations depends machine including particularly charitable effort Compliance visit not the www determine . are have not where against met cannot or DONATIONS considerable have . charities States While we these with status written not confirmation for in . particular staff our number donate works of donations other To . donation . be and printed of in network copyright , we Thus any . main the protected by particular PG search paper do , Gutenberg . information to hear and Project new how , about email to includes make produce our .