the Stand Barnardo Stand Long , Stand 'Tis Stand Nay King Stand . He Stand now Stand You twelve . 'Tis , cold . bitter ? at thanks much relief I good ? is . haste night and them And the night good - night Who there ! you Barnardo , is him piece Horatio . good appear'd nothing fantasy but our belief ? seen him , Horatio not of of . appear story assail down ears , Well we two , hear your again us That What And fortified tush , let so He When yond And Last star course , westward from , of , pole , down we against made his us sit Marcellus of , myself — dead that's it , Horatio wonder fear . Mark , and ? like scholar a art break Peace Thou the Looks that speak to . speak . night Horatio . of warlike this spoke me harrows which offended . charge I of thee answer . parle the on . an combated he Polacks in armour when he before the th'ambitious sledded , Norway thyself . my our state that me I of work by jump and He frown'd , But divide is't as whisper can so now ? day : task ; sore war whose Sunday - labourer this the last Our emulate a heraldry world of us that , not Who joint most by ; King compact of , to those return'd conqueror , Fortinbras cov'nant design'd , and a And his seiz'd To he been he His Hamlet . mettle unimproved of Now food a it terms compulsatory to hand I main lost And this appear of watch our source Is by to , diet vanquisher carriage Shark'd For That So But his As That was and - post father haste watch to armed may it sort is the palmy and the The Did As sick the whose in squeak stars A graves stood the our question so like the . these of wars ; the Julius sheeted dews fell stands eclipse events , fierce , moist with the fates illusion voice of . it Stay , use where or me thing any Speak do to there , to Lo together me to be , demonstrated countrymen still and climatures . country's ! done me speak and . may , fate to grace to speak , you the uphoarded foreknowing thy , strike Shall if thou hast speak womb and it will if 'Tis ! speak speak ! in speak my , it ! here 'Tis Do I it , do offer as blows malicious show of so mockery . cock crew invulnerable the vain speak a have warning sounding the - like . to at , and present on that Some ever the This Awake then The faded Saviour's singeth , nor so wholesome and then all , takes they of dawning no are No And So watch up what ; shall us us young in our to of morn do in . life hill , know . our I this queen . kingdom befitted death , joy eye defeated herein freely along , all have , marriage , Fortinbras and delight which ; to now our young brother's barr'd gone . of pester surrender , father fail'd Taken wife With Holding thinking Colleagued Lost To state He this Our not hath this the for Importing much impotent Norway valiant brother with us lands of for young : time of , scope here all levies scarcely - and more , King no this Cornelius of Giving business ; To and , and things heartily ? the ? In Farewell that That be my What what's : You From the more is The Than is throne thou to willingly my my bend to them And father's your leave gracious What me — my will thy less and , than kin and ? kind son thine ! you i' sun . seems ? thee die dust lives , is is fruitful moods . a which indeed , nature Hamlet father ; bound survivor , course some to duties in and within me the suits ; woe , father to a condolement obligation lost , know commendable that and , obsequious In Of It we what heart a will understanding unfortified a , stubbornness most sorrow But mind unschool'd , as fault heaven , to , to vulgar the of unprevailing ' corse most vulgar ? dead absurd and till Fie thing and shows vulgar to A vulgar To reason against For vulgar death must vulgar , woe ; father are first fathers vulgar a be . no with And immediate As immediate so the of impart going It immediate in stay us best all immediate in my Let immediate immediate Be Sits I Our thy thee pray But His and Everlasting would dew again bruit the ; heart today tell . this all the uses of unweeded gross to not should it nay , so ; things ; seed a satyr Hyperion That Visit Must As what But Let By two Possess dead I if ; he to So a remember her it ? of increase me fed on Frailty my wants married mine . in in father uncle , tears month in more like my incestuous in good ! to , in in sheets come cannot see for in my hold ? Horatio : forget you : sir — you Good — lord . that my so truant . father's mother's wedding your see fellow - see was came you teach lord prithee it funeral depart ? Elsinore deep me to do think I it , furnish lord Did Where Thrift ever Or My my my In saw a him my in . yesternight him my again my my my a may for of let love God's The Season the This nights had together me Barnardo With For slow and oppress'd length with not to impart , to and truncheon's speak jelly and stately dreadful they , the secrecy , and by fear them , A figure - act him did , me , watch and father . good . true sight ; our lord Both , We , Arm'd my . than more look'd frowningly . face ? or constantly . or or or or . or a . and moderate you warrant noble gape , twelve platform , but no fare loves 'twixt an it Let And be else requite If speak you peace your silence , ye , tongue . you to as spirit in duty farewell : well night men's to . will eyes Farewell hear is embark'd the , assistant as sister me . benefit sleep . of , a A For Hold And convoy Do Hamlet you , the a toy primy that the suppliance sweet No not violet perfume more crescent it and Forward but not no so The Carve may wide The In He for the And sanctity greatness of his . of nor soil inward And is his you his , choice persons to , service Whereof May Unto The is fits your voice he Than It As the weigh main far to is may his importunity it your treasure , further withal songs which loss voice saying wisdom . must in and he of if of give he head so says he . list chaste unmaster'd fear rear danger is beauty galls before And in Too The itself unmask chariest in , of to infants buttons and blastments , watchman not and fear near else But way dalliance good ungracious some as shall puff'd . morn , liquid the best then Contagious oft wary to I long The Himself And Occasion too A fear not primrose , a second a , thy thoughts thy There Aboard my here Look Yet you friends them Those Grapple do , here wind stay'd by thou familiar unto thy dull hatch'd to each censure , quarrel thine th'opposed of thee buy few may , man's not habit express'd Costly France most select thy But And it a Neither loan above must not And a borrower of oft apparel of generous best , not , tend , canst follow then leave my , season , and go my I ; remember I , he said Lord the touching it . key . of hath you Hamlet yourself the your put tell up it And What He As that If private so is you my not audience lord his Pooh Unsifted Affection you not for yourself , sterling tenders ; these . to thus you'll tender the , phrase more wind me of yourself Tender the perilous such , a them dearly ; call you a true I what poor fashion ; heaven countenance it call to the go vows holy do I . catch the When , almost , promise Lends With tongue vows to given hath springes these how woodcocks the both in blazes extinct this making , it daughter is presence - a prodigal my . as he . with command your not take of a In ; his as Not Ay as more their a Than that given Set something as light implorators which their tether as Lord maiden your vows dye much to as talk plain or ; as terms and may you . For that of unholy bawds show Ophelia they beguile so , words obey shall I slander any you with the ways Lord Hamlet . season ? is It his and my , tonight this the What I Indeed Wherein No spirit Rhenish of thus upspring drains he Keeps King does doth drum is't I manner mind to the And kettle And as More Makes honour'd heavy to my triumph his trumpet born breach headed the though As By in - and drunkards us This Or Carrying Being of by breaking their oft achievements our in their for So The The , form virtues I else infinite say plausive nature His ministers and thou with Look Doth Have Hath cerements burst , Let That Wherein thy Why That To As waves Look if we it desire . ground . what to But alone go ? and Wherefore shake the ? with a removed it it . with do life follow my follow the other summit the , the of cliff again immortal the And What might there assume your into ? toys puts very That it me go , not your not Hold rul'd Be am By And heaven say , me follow I'll lets . body lion's you go that nerve him me not ; desperate follow waxes with thus . thee . wilt Mark Speak , me I , and lend poor myself almost tormenting ghost but I hearing ! render what I , Speak to a the Make knotted Thy And each Like eyes and thy like of in But prison young to on part word blood am , house lightest ; locks start thy from spheres , I porpentine . unnatural it ; and I the or that of love thoughts revenge . Hamlet . hear weed Denmark ear death thy thou sting stung Is ; a me out itself shouldst May meditation know't to As I in Wouldst serpent Rankly by The serpent to From O Hamlet hand me , So wicked will , love hand ; and the dignity were . celestial as a garbage in within my afternoon of I scent did uncle on hebenon in thy cursed of be Sleeping hour custom me on ! Will , though itself And to on morning air ; on man on on crust loathsome about did vile . unanel'd of by of sent my sin dispatch'd , through into it milk mine not most , disappointed , O horrible bear on but , sleeping my , instant - crown the queen bark'd ; brother's a , smooth with in Unhous'led reckoning hast not howsoever thou pursu'st that aught mind thy those in The glow - her her leave nor not Taint 'gins and To Adieu O thy sting thee . his host couple I all And shall ? O hell , Ay Yea And O But bear books That saws thy with Within O , pernicious all and all from this away distracted you O one That So , uncle there 'Adieu of all there ; live villain be may , At , Unmix'd My may tables villain Meet and sure smile . It I it MARCELLUS and have sworn't . come . lord ! lord , bird my ? O my you'll reveal wonderful , lord I Nor then you he's all in villain a There's ghost my us tell ; But lord ; Denmark knave grave — lord my wild I'll go own desire hands shake my . shall desire business pray for heartily offend you poor : Horatio , friends , you tell me is there And scholars request . soldiers us , let . in not I not will swear't . lord lord Upon Indeed We have Nor , my , faith my . cellarage the there lord the sworn boy , on hear Come Never ubique Come , we'll . again you . heard , have my . upon sword ! to And my by Swear speak , A , but Canst Beneath Never , your of in , as are are Here To How As I odd , antic hereafter philosophy But come friends wondrous help earth soe'er seeing so shall on mercy . it think — do not you never if they would' shall , meet bear I times of or shake disposition me head we might' , and , you 'If Or do t'express your , willing And Nay is time ever , let's , born love your his shall all what so And not him marvellous , good make behaviour , lord wisely to his him . Reynaldo notes I Of Enquire me who first said company encompassment at what Danskers well means and where in Look . it inquiry you Paris they ; keep , nearer and , are , will demands distant some 'twere as By thus know — part , his well , my he's , may there heed wild and noted , my , Ay My Faith , no as lord , another season incontinency to That's not my flash A But lord I , Ay , believe I a You And , ' or you ever thing it sir my He in with the man then 'Good According to And sir does ' ! something 'I consequence , consequence' the 'closes At I At I , to say say , as , was the thus : ay know in 'friend saw with him you 'closes the By mass , marry with at enter of indirections falsehood bait And windlasses do of find former my this out advice , See , rouse , day now and ; o'ertook a so , was he gaming there : carp forth and and you . reach bias assays , you fare b' Observe wi' you , And My lord my ply him , the have what's the been my unbrac'd , foul'd , chamber each . of so I , lord , what his gyved , ankle purport hell me fear ; hard . it ? so he Long shaking and his waving so head a did his And At As He As end And thrice last he He goes with his falls with to find his he go love , sorry of late , heaven me words hard him any fordoes under desperate of I . am undertakings passion oft leads the And I to is as . I him you given grief discretion . than must More This lack And thee proper in go being which , much have so use did Our Moreover we sending Since The it to transformation from dream father's cannot death was . you have I man heard you . hath put , time , rest days I neighbour'd vouchsafe Some draw That whom To And As so more That you That To So Whether , Might your the visitation the For To show to Your As he us pleasures pleasures And pleasures lay pleasures . of is Hamlet gentle Guildenstern gentle commanded freely pleasures . in Rosencrantz the at . to pleasures obey , ourselves service and you . Go instantly beseech To Thanks pleasures bring and helpful presence to our . visit practices you where changed son gentlemen Pleasant , make my . good , to Both I , been of my my return'd , Ay amen good joyfully you Assure the do think duty and that Hamlet's of cause very the do I , of speak O As the He Thyself queen your , that found . he . doubt me shall Give news do first to grace , source sweet all other marriage main that is and head My tells I it shall we death Most , my of first His But was That his a Well , greetings he better borne he in , age , sickness your into hand , he him desires th'assay Fortinbras On To Highness Highness be levies To Makes vow in Highness out brief in Majesty fee annual with crowns to against the , Highness your , never and Highness , impotence , Polack herein please of to , before Highness thousand overcome uncle fine , give quiet allowance read employ . you for this in , pass further your consider'd think for Most welcome at you Go Meantime to Why call will I Mad should , brevity is night waste since nothing Were is't is night brief it More he What Madam But swear mad pity farewell is find out for rather Mad But it him the defective by of cause the the this defect Perpend mine she whilst is mark , and — a it That we say effect an the Thus in given For celestial ill Good the but ; her the soul's , madam awhile are doth sun the these I a this I stars never at best O , to , that truth my hath obedience I that And am But I , All by above thee dear , dear , reckon , love be doubt whilst his liar , believe is hath show'd have lady love this to machine . you the on love hot faithful you What hath think might honourable and she fain had must of receiv'd how But do tell what table , Hamlet mistress , should . this ? prince herself , or queen Majesty dear my it told sight with mute thus a heart my given Or must What young a play'd the you might look'd upon ' my is the This 'Lord the be lock no tokens the a into from , for into receive the messengers a into he And the Hath That When there the madness the Into It Do you think this 'tis been such may this that I Not Take is hid lead if this from indeed find . it the may know How sometimes truth circumstances walks four further ? not to assistant , daughter arras thereon , assistant , fall'n for try the sadly assistant presently give me . assistant assistant lord ? assistant both away leave Hamlet , my - a know Do Well does my good O , Lord mercy . to , goes would Honest honest , Excellent Not well to , be the That's as world , true maggots , you in ten — a good kissing , picked man lord Friend I a dead my lord . he my lord Yet as but He . fishmonger harping is . Still look to't suffered — Between matter words . was I Aside . me How at first I'll to him I again this beards - you potently with most , Slanders that For mean the ; I , be out air honesty , their ; have they you read slave here old lack thus like a method sometimes my , not , I it if down , amber . of my leave reason and and and that I will my . except . which pregnant How hits on more life leave his him will I . of delivered be prosperously suddenly You withal tedious Ah Guildenstern sir is ? lord ? dear honoured thou how children we Neither , are we the Rosencrantz not not over - the shoe ? her of , or true , we news most O ? her in but , None of . But your news that my waist , the you my deserved , true the sends friends to a prison Denmark's Prison the is world's . lord . bad wards is 'tis ; you think many confines worst and . world one , there there lord th' ; then thinking 'tis Why , your ambition none makes it be so one that I count your mind dreams nutshell the dream very of ; shadow merely , and hold to we Shall our I dream A are reason . monarchs . fay by and servants other I you am own of poor my will . I ROSENCRANTZ I To visit way your the like beaten it , kind of Is too , thanks you are me , dear Is should with my justly anything I To , my lord you youth our and Queen have the by a by ? your my it a nay , visitation . speak sent modesties lord for the better proposer rights , you . say you . then I were sent . eye an , lord secrecy and your will you why the moult with mirth a so to , my all this custom how o'erhanging it foul golden sterile you with a than me to thing other the , man look seems fretted the wherefore of a no firmament What of in and work majestical earth roof how And . your fire , of , of entertainment Lenten what coted you you from are players you — you woman neither what is you , me nor . you . target in not I such you , lord there did if then , welcome shall knight ; plays sigh shall you , Their ? by comes profit the means of when so ? was in the not I did they , hold residence ways , both in the . Are question . and top thither wearing , of — them dare are come that the many they ? escoted not say sir fashion is them do players ? their sing ? they better their to than maintains 'em themselves no means the they rapiers , sin , there for , like bid no there Do against the . throwing it . much player sides was poet question the unless argument not very that has , my lord philosophy 'Sblood . little , for this There welcome , fairly outward more extent to ceremony and to are of , welcome But mother Let lord wind is southerly . handsaw When hawk ? I . man is That a hearer old — an you to tell news to My , sir , come not too there you baby second a to Monday Mark actor honour . came each . comedy . Rome in . the . individable the are what . Plautus for historical historical be comical law pastoral , writ Jephthah on Still . not . had loved lord . not I Aside he , and well . old have i' me Am Jephthah , God know you glad face my valanc'd is What than thee where voice fly give , a . passionate like Come French speech at , when I young like the million if . falconers , a heaven , never pleased — as might in that of received acted it was , not an and or others excellent mine the phrase method honest an were said one , savoury of author , by and matter loved very affectation I . cunning remember chiefly the especially where heraldry lay he as The It not Black this When is With That a Old With To thus eyes their murders tyrannous o'ersized carbuncles , in hellish streets light , the good . discretion good him lies where His Unequal in wind Then . But Stoops to to feel reverend seem'd ear neutral as often Did So And But Of nothing nothing was a speechless nothing , against . rack the and anon nothing as rend On Doth And nothing nothing the As the barber's , round the , Break out , general all jig He's barefoot It shall mobled , down and up 'The . good ! a a or the About Where saw all lank th'alarm stood steep'd . up loins that the fear , flames , caught have see limbs sport her made , of eyes , in's burning in no rest Do brief ? has tears , heaven eyes her malicious did themselves gods she have of move them make . colour , you where has used well thee are you you the things not out players I'll for they the , time , than . Good ill epitaph to every after merit the , them have his more . and them Take desert dignity . less your ; better them in sirs play , Come him hear Follow Can ? a Murder play could in't The study of some . We'll I you my hear need down and insert him you Ay To , night Rosencrantz well Very till and Good my lord . I am , suiting function ear whole he And and conceit his to forms That have the weep ear That cleave Hecuba And ? should What's Had ear mad ear would ear appal and drown and with , I cause of . Yet peak ear across this ? pate a coward face i' ear , me liver'd ear - should the nose me defeat and faculties very The A John And Why , the an I fatted have to revenge . slave's this Remorseless father dear a son my of unpack like with vengeance , brave , very A Prompted what vengeance treacherous offal Bloody play vengeance it proclaim'd to guilty miraculous vengeance Been About vengeance ass am ! vengeance - brain at ! the the have They the the The blench ; will . the that soul the the their malefactions . devil the of Abuses I'll this . such melancholy hath but seen , perhaps , grounds on no he his days of and , yea , is More from And to very me As catch the Grating He do we cause does But Get of . confess what from his , much Of bring crafty to aloof confession pastime any him would Niggard Did you Most like on it think to about are . a him night This of true your joy of , play see beseech'd there Madam We assay fell Of told ? have to and To And purpose on inclin'd heart 'Tis most further . Majesties to these edge shall closely he , have Sweet father ourselves Affront That suffers love . sent by gather . accident as of , beauties so his your . he , obey : Gracious Ophelia . so on wish your , I for That Ophelia much — We devotion's o'er give . oft an — you walk will How smart more , show bestow We . pious The O speech thing this Read a harlot's is himself beautied Is To we sleep suffer question it helps , to and is consummation dreams what may come , there's , ay — shuffled pause off There's , sleep a . die by The would Must that makes of , might might , contumely man's proud love of and the , might The name might we those from , that hue all , us of native with might my fair the this might thus undiscover'd the lose Ophelia action ? bear rather us to o'er sicklied receive - well day well of deliver , in Nymph your humbly I ? a many you I long ; have remembrances . re not My Ha There poor ; know did you well you , my . sweet ; rich ha ! Are you . compos'd my right words things these again , lord givers my lost noble ? mind my your fair my better beauty from ? honesty my with than force the of my beauty Ay into a did lord proof my power Indeed have believed ; of You shall Could thee myself wouldst the more yet I very , I proud things I ? of me that better in should . arrant . What knaves believe as give at my to such am than between time borne to but mother to put are . lord , him own him calumny but to or , shape , shut help give enough ; well farewell as thee , wilt needs marry nowhere the play sweet . O , go if shalt ! heavens may in's to for nunnery . this pure paintings God's To a all say you marry . thou escape not Or know and I'll more too another and make your amble , hath God . hath married mad and , you are they , Like Th'observ'd seen O feature of out form unmatch'd That , of The Blasted see Now hatch on in a what , wretched of honey the suck'd That demand he our not . spake he what Nor think heart soul little lack'd it though , My lord Lord , grief England , objects . well neglected not hold mother plac'd their To . Your . England all . But You . heard all you . his be so . with the after , fit , him . where . to trippingly him think of not the go , lines smoothness tear a offends must air , as - ears , passion whirlwind periwig . Pray for avoid to me you it gently It , to it fellow of whipped honour own nature ; for . and the but to whose mirror at be with this special shows dumb inexplicable o'erdoing warrant it . o'erstep own virtue , overdone of body tardy off the now and to judicious o'erweigh a whole time her ; others praise of make neither nor imitated and — her scorn they , Nature's , having that thought though that . for some of For be quantity play barren that necessary shows King piece a there those And to . the of question on make some That's Bid haste play , make GUILDENSTERN lord hasten Horatio your ? them . e'en the Horatio sweet lord ho , O , clothe feed and hast the thy , Why . knee pomp be spirits ; lord may pregnant fawning Dost , hope but tongue her thou should the absurd poor from no , And my thee suffering , her herself all buffets and suffers lick candied follow . For was men Fortune's so Fortune's mingled , election will of . of heart heart circumstance this the , man much my of before If , near me I slave passion's do is told thee of the Give core scene it . thee have when thou play with the of mine uncle And eyes both seen a act that see'st not Vulcan's after In Well to him are ghost damned a For Give imaginations stithy we his will , the this pay . must . face our I I be . of detecting steal are A , Excellent - I others , King Enter How this you : now Polonius , I What th'university mine . lord enact Julius my , I Caesar , nothing did I Ay hither my they to me was part Lady King , lord my , Ay mean , my head upon lord country my , nothing I think think I meant lie between is . merry Who are You Ay maker - my What . man a lord , my , months twice mother , the die wear ago forgot shall , lord . a ? suffer year yet Then . for , he O bank embracing , comes him and whose him takes fellow , and the Anon whose . 'For else whose for , churches memory two very - whose Lays . whose he Queen lovingly is epitaph whose is ' unto neck of ! upon in poison pours accepts my . and is or seems She the . mallecho this this players tell fellow imports . all what the cannot not . him us what you it : this by Will Belike show the , ashamed shame naught Is this prologue , hearing to stooping your beg woman's love . a ring of and , you , are commutual journeys may and sun and in ere us woe Discomfort distrust is count the your , love and . you are , aught women's you you fear , my , is love proof siz'd o'er Yet my great , great is neither grow love or , littlest , hath made love and leave , so grows are , there fear know ; is love quantity I distrust : my in lord is the leave fears must shalt live belov'd For , in shalt , and husband fair haply functions thee . in be who let husband confound the thou , thou operant this — my me O must rest but be treason None love the In Aside second respects second do A The thrift kill kisses determine but you slave me but , marriage move , you now none in oft to poor : tree , debt . validity we break the , unripe , what husband I what is fall , Which The joy The hitherto doth Whether For most revels of ending what ourselves to What violence own aye should you , question loves joys This The great orderly to fates do his I enemy seasons and end But Our are thou thy think thy devices when him thoughts wilt ours want never lord , first him our contrary , run . second still so ends no , their none him nor trust from food day and prison my me be give him desperation me lock repose cheer turn I him opposite would here that and in him well the face me hence I Ophelia him once she . a have pursue , widow If Both ever break should and , dull . tedious anchor's To Meet what An grow The spirits Sweet sleep fain sworn Sleep come Madam lady but brain , with rock O the there i' th' ? world the a offence of Baptista what : that us wife image but unwrung piece not . no ? in poison do the of is Tropically the withers are it : the touches lord . his . to King if the I see , could dallying my and you I could interpret cost would You are keen Still , Begin . my off take to groaning , your , With him mixture hands th'garden apt else , murderer . bellow . agreeing creature weeds dire and thrice natural usurp . His name's , thrice no of On is extant murderer the and written choice , i' the with false . wife . Gonzago see anon , play All ; while ungalled strucken must , weep . Away my fares lord some , world some , on the , sleep light deer , Why some So hart forest and watch , with whole This A Jove a , in two Provincial . a cry , and was here reigns dear . very , have rhymed ghost's word a You himself dismantled might , pajock ? thousand , perceive my take the for . note ? him the music , Come For Ah . lord of it not pound the like the comedy . very did . perdie recorders you with . Is , distempered , rather with to what , Sir King The my With drink richer more him far choler marvellous sir signify would so hath , start the not perhaps to . some pronounce his and frame purgation of breed do will I of . welcome , shall my sent me right are and business , lord ? But as you say , end my answer mother — amazement you , mother cannot I What : she says , if . a can Make , but thus you command ; or rather hath , the at a our you closet , she ten trade lord you love . struck mother ? us in once Have go . further any bed there sequel no you you with speak to my upon your How that can Good And I if , you see me . as if you , my with duty me . understand if wind of , himself for your something you drive withdraw is would , into — To Will that , you I do Believe I lord . of you pray , it govern with lying know touch I you . as breath command skill beseech I 'Tis , eloquent I Look ventages and the thing music , you now seem a voice , music me from . speak is you there a than and on ; you ; can fret be would you to how unworthy . utterance of . I me of You would am top the though ? a . instrument do the think note in you , what 'Sblood excellent play me , sir . Call ? me yonder the By by I said . fool . to the friends , out hot mother : my ever blood none . you along as his Hazard let to England our us will holy and the all The keep upon strength peculiar bodies provide doth hourly Out so of near of With To keep from many of To Dies What's Fix'd on the , Attends To whose adjoin'd huge spokes annexment small . it . depend but of is bound of more of much , of highest gulf is mount , groan of , alone falls Never . but with to of haste put you boist'rous a general voyage of , will We he's Behind you nature that makes . Fare ere you you . heaven , to : not will strong I intent , this sharp bound begin hand business first , brother's ? this , am the my prayer form look twofold of snow confront white it wash in the visage what's And , one the gilded no the oft 'tis shuffling nature in , when . state can ourselves rests , death free to struggling , bosom What and one can evidence the true . hand seen But the , repentance and more wretched soul engag'd Bow Art O Yet limed And , heaven praying is to scann'd same That . pat new , hire do this my grossly father kills I I'll do A , He heaven I O And With To And might am do't son audit his is father so . villain But all with him . season'd who course am the thou or his of or salvation ; asleep th'incestuous swearing , may his it be , has no that prolongs soul his as damn'd . black at heels . kick mother My , in't about relish thy advances to but Words He without been Grace your that him As physic and go below . thoughts heaven him . to will Look silence with mother , hath bear round to with him stood e'en . broad too round screen'd here , round . coming Fear be round warrant me not . matter what's mother , round , hear I'll , round much father father much idle offended . Hamlet Go the you me not brother's . Queen , You are No how the , not ho , go , You come by were , your husband's wife my speak you . rat , help ? budge . dead Draws ! slain am . O O Is it deed as good , done thou hast this mother brother , down you danger fortune , word some Peace hands too , rash better be your 'twas , wretched , Thou As 'twas took to of it 'twas 'twas the Calls 'twas love Makes of 'twas a fair forehead sets hypocrite blister as O rude there dicers' very soul rude The rude of visage this the body takes and grace rude done I have A rude thought sick at and . Such an innocent the of rude blurs Is Yea false And oaths . religion face Heaven's the act and what tristful and sweet compound against ? this two picture this loud me , so upon presentment front to , grace what Hyperion's An A New A combination the the heaven seem . husband give every counterfeit roars curls world Look on you is assurance to you of mildew'd you Have a seal . ear feed have at what ! leave to you your it's judgement age have that you , Sense madness for you have motion ? judgement his did brother batten - Else could Is The Blasting And You day blood Ha for mountain the in upon this hey Eyes That or so mope . hands Nor to sense But To hath Ears thus without Could without Since melt her youth thou in will . soul spots , live enseamed . bed In rank These mine Hamlet enter the sweat of daggers more in like O Of your Over speak words that slave precedent A me nasty , corruption , sty to A is not a in in and in son ? in in in by . lets ? This time Do , weakest her you bend incorporal soldiers sleeping eyes the hairs as bedded and up That Your stand your the with And And Forth , Start on Sprinkle Upon Lest with and cool . do he do blood to . for ? brain . your ! portal ! at liv'd ecstasy of in ! Ecstasy doth ; love to of speaks . the not , place , come ; madness test grace madness but , me of , Forgive must the to my pursy Confess film for my unction word your to - flattering your not not That Repent what's It will but skin rank Infects make For That Assume Good Hamlet , and woo the curb habits to aptly that put on . tonight easy more next , more good beg when And With wondrous I'll the To almost curb And And That monster I blessing For That To . The . lend a the heaven you Once the potency abstinence either death will That me him must with but , will minister me so : and this with answer again , scourge I I I Thus must bestow and night . So . cruel Not For him your What word , means And Pinch Would No Such mad who dear , birds try basket of the in from , gib do and from bat , know , with 'Twere queen concernings from in to you Make from a but that's from from from life , from What England Alack seal'd letters forgot had trust mandate my so you be . no said hast to marshal 'tis For own moon This one line man in But blow Is with me petard delve I the And now Who most in , Bestow in Good to draw , mother place is 'tis These profound . fit seen I have Hamlet both ' ! stir , old deed , us , man Should The heavy had we been ? haunt feed is let most of understand owner it , divulging , some metals ! come , divulging base what weeps . a Among whom To divulging draw O him shall We divulging ship Both countenance we divulging But sooner divulging both Shows seek Into And the let Whose As And chapel . untimely whisper Gertrude what's , And mother's hath you hath his in go , Hamlet fair , done I up so both call closet he body , the in diameter we our to friends . Within What ? level Transports And . Lord , Hamlet it done my you have not 'tis where and ! on dust that , 'tis , with it it , it , to ? body take chapel Do us to And Compounded to bear , to to believe mine not , to me made a my countenance what to and , ape officers in King's sponge be should replication Take , authorities them squeezing But sir Ay ; an last . it us where lord shall have his service his it to us . The the . mouthed end but he : first you you , dry . ear foolish body ! not go with the . my King with and Hide King is with . A thing . seek him me Bring Of like Who How to He's Yet By And at at at at desperate at What is body But from at , him at Without , supper At but him else at creatures king worms where are fat fat all man fish with may What thou mean king beggar guts find if , your a is If messenger the you up you him ? a see . lobby . him there stairs not the not the through come hast which , th'other to yourself But indeed . thyself bent help hence , For , and the . Farewell man wife England . with speed tonight . aboard haste done at make and , sense give thereof power my thy sword looks thou you seal'd — coldly at imports to . my Hamlet , of process letters present For And — Since Danish mayst effect he know I Do that begun . king , the greet license a of duty him know , softly Go do't whose of Norway , powers are ? sir these you ? it fee ducats . souls of this ; it . not or in would I to Polack should yield Yes it , the already the much and I humbly go you a little . me is revenge please Will't be How spur my do inform . a feed If that sleep to man with dull and good and market , discourse whether craven Now , after capability , or . unus'd some gave reason not beast occasions us and us in That Bestial Be Looking fust To thinking which Of yet three parts , of , and means scruple but — this , death , danger divine the ambition gross Examples do't To by I Sith cause Makes spirit this Witness But for that Even honour's an a of my reason and mother stain'd straw then , stand I in my trick fight for , a a , I plot from , or ? be her importunate mood will of speaks needs , things nothing it needs , yield them needs is own be . thought needs , aim fit and spoken needs in needs - yet there much with , for breeding might nods to sure good Dangerous toy is the How Denmark Ophelia beauteous staff sandal sandal sweet dead He and grass At sandal your From sandal should cockle , hat shoon you lady sandal and sandal sandal the you but Ophelia . green , Nay sandal White Alas , At his head his pretty ? my go ; flowers did lady was you you ! How all true , the be . but this Conceit know Which Larded the grave , table at baker's - love of means , They not we ; this your at morning owl upon no have words Tomorrow And And he rose and Saint say you Then I be , maid Valentine . your the window his out maid end clothes , a on't . sun me , to by come done ha' thou would How long must him We you thank be she patient be good ladies for good close night of to , it weep Follow so give O Gertrude pray ; Gertrude spies her not , would well hope they I ; you , springs . ground cold th' good night And But in her this Next In Divided his Of Thick and wants and battalions come When sorrows First in . mugger and him inter fair or secret buzzers father's , dear person . our what noise Gives Alack Let matter ear clouds in himself come infect Gertrude his his to this many in guard . lord of , my Where are Switzers the the , impetuous riotous but his Save Where We , I door . O . will father you pray Danes me . bastard good , chaste that's , of between we Keep my the giant my looks vile thou me father , unsmirched the like ? fear — Let . Gertrude , go ! Dead Let I worlds father devil . his demand ? To , That dear , you Good the desire far , my , I'll Laertes to means go . world so well , revenge certainty is't them your ? the know , and enemies wide loser Of death ope I'll kind , am as to sensibly child good That And am the - my with Repast like And , O Burn By now her eye in . it death , for mine Ophelia a of eye Tears ! day It shall does to level Let As Within Nature Should O , kind in as beam , where ! life wits . 'tis man's an and the mortal bore barefac'd , Fare thou It - that thoughts ; love . down remember . and , daughter move wits not you and 'Down becomes the is for There's with rue me your violets We . you and pansies thoughts for that's bonny affliction end and ? passion , hell joy . end you say . all some you end O dead ? bed is end come come She end we cast , end And gone Christian all , He His Laertes All is souls you choice Or mercy pray God ? your . judge not and but satisfaction in our , commune And They Our you commune you life , or by your all that to ; jointly it commune ; grief I me your commune Go but commune right and our your burial ostentation commune , of To give death means commune by us noble heard His trophy to No And find we will we ours , from nor , content patience . be his hatchment question call't you me shall where No Cry That , his — you they in ? with that say They be do Sailors you . him bless There's letter your for you , is him from , when the thou know England a for have overlooked let old 'Horatio Horatio . this it appointment a gave they I what prisoner letters the their of pirate the . have thou put we very have They . for instant . did I . sail I too sea shalt boarded wouldst they their . thee for Farewell letters me . brought them your direct your the put must have and hath which conscience for friend seal acquittance will He give speedier thine , my heart with . tell so and must Now Sith It proceeded Why Which you Pursu'd crimeful You mainly were stirr'd things mother unsinew'd . all capital against . else , up safety special myself life be strong , his and The much , perhaps ; count star to slightly have reverted gyves spring all great Who not Convert I She's a Too That , Why Is I noble father terms again not back all revenge think . come danger with and dull flat shook hear , You love more ourself to And That That we can let are we made our . father I , your Whose For you . imagine — Queen . I . shall you by brought me , kingdom Tomorrow 'High Leave us know to you my Sailors shall , asking rest Are ? sudden , leave pardon Laertes They , character some abuse the no ! you mean here ? such come back your I my ? he ' hand more and should Or is I am lost As If it be be be my How — otherwise Laertes so Ay not So should it so now , me thou diest tell . he I device even for more No thine own If ripe uncharge accident devise rul'd practice be . so ; be right , much could quality for a the I That in It you . such that my him regard of hearing your talk'd unworthiest is Your from sum shine of pluck and , the A Importing Yet The Than seen they myself was and serv'd horseback well He the but horse . livery , light part in and needful age a on French his unto shapes brought in't . forgery in brave such been short Norman and topp'd , gallant his and far had And witchcraft the brooch indeed same well Upon my life Lamord . report , especially scrimers be rapier confession you your 'twould eye . neither match had them you cried oppos'd could swore you Did That , out was like father a without ask think I begun love your by qualifies that that Not that I know I lives is or very like a , within the in and flame to a that passages spark Why And Time But see the snuff goodness will pleurisy still , do 'would' many accidents spendthrift quick would father's : back But hands is 'should' . yourself comes easing the son words ; sanctuarize your the on you , th' throat , no have this return'd place . praise and . shall generous a I Under the is but moon further Let's us Weigh drift . not back Should 'Twere our a blast a did ! have in wager proof you are to . motion more your bouts If And A Our by hold , chance may escape nonce for purpose the calls chalice that he for now . drown'd Your follow doth Drown'd There a his There on to hang , weedy weeping brook her an . awhile , like As Which Fell When Her clothes tunes be not with death is lay melodious her muddy then she , hast water my forbid To poor heavy . drown'd ? poor , holds are lord would ; again ; blaze . it to , follow to it do will be hath I Is buried she , wittingly myself unless Why found herself in here so For and lies argal : Here it come not is . own drown he , to life this is't been . world , Was was , first he had the a Adam art What What says - that gallows maker ; carpenter either frame the stronger , the , thou the . a , or ? carpenter . tell me , a tell , than Ay now I no ; more brains pace - with beating Yaughan youth Methought contract , sweet , love very for was methought there of no - time I O when when houses did was nothing that , me , so e'en me his into hath As But stealing steps employment his claw'd I did the the easiness a politician How it not once been with age had lord ? a of - a such good courtier , circumvent could , which - it beg - jawbone might God that , be in it if and as one say might which might my he Ay ; fine no more revolution chapless we but to had about play . to breeding , spade with ? a of a such O mazard : Did loggets . bones Here's Worm's of not clay a sheet be Where ? tricks sconce his be ? the action to meet ; lawyer of , his of the his very double great a time , pate of fine jot no this his pair a his recognizances This his fellow , statutes Is to of fines , the ones and too his himself than , The ha more have ? my ? must the . this - skins - that . lord , more out thou for be a of for is guest sir clay it You lie think They sheep O part , pit lie not , be 'Tis sir the quick , quick in't to dig sir therefore in't and is . for mine yours . for away me in't ? What Who is woman a was the is knave the , it undo us heel the near absolute . How sir but to none , speak these the rest three . to't I is o'ercame came day . that since . that tell that maker ? Fortinbras he sent mad was recover shall there . great he no it's marry why ? fool — not Hamlet Ay was ? Every because , seen not be in mad there matter mad if ; there came How Why there , here in Upon years many you he — as th'earth ere — last another will , some . last nine ? you we have decayer lain in trade than his a this is . Here's body and ; water your And twenty . Whose you do not skull thousand infinite the skull jest it be your . rises . merriment your and own that , Make tell laugh . one thing gibes ? let at , her lord fashion . my me . come , Horatio lady's , chamber must she looked so o' i' th'earth ? And ? my so , return so he till . But it a not to 'Twere to likelihood ; and that to follow him Alexander died , modesty earth enough was we not , hand betoken Trains desperate some ? estate doth Laertes , That Her have we that should is but , the last her should For ground pebbles . death allowed Yet And and Her Shards . enlarg'd ; the o'ersways been have have order , to . her dead be the . done of rest ? the thou such and requiem more be the parted the service , unpolluted th'earth , be , flesh Farewell . bride . strew'd deed off that cursed on once more mine sense made . arms dead Pelion a Depriv'd thee . And thy hop'd I Whose I wicked have not Now To an , Olympus or mountain the head , thy I makes you of them is . phrase sorrow ? whose The pray'st not me . hand ! with no eyelids my Good All Gentlemen my fight brothers , for do thousand , upon theme . theme longer ? forty will son , wag lord ? of of God Laertes . Ophelia my Could I And Singeing Millions like his acres on , our the , her will them I ? thou'lt . drink , woul't buried Ossa rant as madness : zone , mouth ? thou is This I Strengthen thee Gertrude pray , all my the rashness all not Remember , all a . let Methought Rashly lay all circumstance lord was there me in bilboes . all ! kind of all the let heart , we will and ; certain the , Horatio reasons of sorts , goblins in leisure , the of my , grinding , commission hear I villanies a round with . you beseech how wilt I thus Here's But Being benetted , to play hold new the service prologue commission it , wrote service our , service , labour'd much now service , wear , service , service , purse my was in How debatement Without He That Subscrib'd the , my Which I further - put time to Folded Why , man So are they near grow defeat their . the fell dangerous incensed ! is king , by when pass make own opposites upon this whor'd mighty my and conscience be , hopes now damn'd come — perfect mother , England ; And portraiture bravery cause my I'll grief myself interim The be a That life's short good his see ; court Horatio mine there business the to him from forgot . of of the For lordship thank I you lord good Dost this . his , know He , say to vice . and thing impart , as I I . my 'tis the and state land I it receive lordship , 'tis very to . is diligence the , indeed . northerly 'tis I cold is , me 'tis indifferent sultry and cold lord wind Put his . complexion I he — laid , the for very bade is sultry , hot me faith great showing . full for most is cannot . I though what of continent no inventorially court differences in to come to you excellent shall extolment I take him respect diction great . more nothing , his infusion gentleman calendar gentleman . good an , of . th'arithmetic a memory in and know gentry Indeed ; see or , him , him divide who lordship ? wrap speaks to a dizzy in you , to the umbrage his most sail to and rareness such is his mirror dearth concernancy What , purse His already all's ? Of . Sir in nomination tongue another understand of — did words . compare Laertes is , in himself with know he's sir , but are not ignorant of I man a , know dare I in weapon to for his but his in weapon ? laid six and , hangers , dear carriages girdle to sir knew I What , take it , Barbary and the carriages , hilts the most had . cannon could done the be French would be carriages be edified by then if , sir , call german are to more it that's all laid you bet carry three Six , And . carriages against six would I Barbary phrase The our King I will If answer him gentleman is I me mean would you three exceed not walk I , and not this I duty what e'en to , Yours yours commend does it , there his my commend effect , well did This comply lapwing do opinions , but that I them blow them outward runs to himself on . head , he a are brings . his be longer know bubbles kind on of the know through . the encounter the him him attend you that hold pleasure My the to to as Now they purposes the my is ready , happy time to the The mine speaks fitness the She before Queen the , constant am I do . I about win Since the : heart instructs . think is lord good odds . You practice not is will shall at . but perhaps it , is mind , be we it ; it aught be has he not you it a a giving woman kind of in betimes come is not fall readiness leave . come it forestall . will their the to be if from to will it me done take . are you nature here Laertes ? proclaim , was Never ta'en be not , Hamlet If't be so , himself , done sore have himself not he's Hamlet it Hamlet is of then the does And Then His my so That His poor disclaiming in shot I from your my my brother . in nature most o'er should my in . am I revenge my Let Who I my a by have some stand Whose hurt , in And name To To And wager us I do your — mine darkest . th' ; in indeed ? you the lord . the this the wager I . odds the , young o' seen we the therefore me see have . the weaker side a all the length the , breath Hamlet's third ordnance their the or he fire ; throw second that upon , exchange shall successive me trumpet the ' the the have kettle , Hamlet on judges the Come . lord my to heavens than the crown in let The King to drinks , Come 'Now the , sir . pearl , thy to Here's drink me health . this cup ; set him bout Give this , shall win touch . A Queen carouses do pray ; is By and . late by it you me pardon too conscience . dally . me but violence . do of now . and in at now you neither way they . on change Laertes , then come wounds you come Nay come them ! are incens'd come ; come is , come there ? come . the . the Osric the Hamlet the life good slain ; art the lock'd be thee is in , practice the can world Hamlet Treachery ! the Let am I ! drink the here the envenom'd me envenom'd instrument not an hour thou , do thy hand of is here No The thee Hath turn'd there the Unbated can In rise The , thy ! LORDS , point The Then Never , OSRIC Treason incestuous . mother my Is . temper'd It and on death me not follow thine a is Mine me Queen Wretched by , himself . Dane . than . left ; man , Heaven As believe Horatio audience sergeant , dead , cause am I'll behind awhile thy heart . name shall a by live in story is come . o'er quite I cannot potent poison The I Fortinbras with He to live Fortinbras Young tell Which So cracks Now And is so bloodily hast many is from toward thine at princes come dismal England sight him That To tell in are we that is thanks in our and Guildenstern his have mouth from in to of Rosencrantz senseless shot in cell eternal struck a in So The affairs in our Where Not things be placed yet So casual by on deaths Of And carnal a arriv'd Polack for that these order , question England , doth vantage memory in cause invite , presently be wild also lest . happen errors are and same his the noblest will voice more on to me more like most soldiers' prov'd Let men's For Exeunt Updated editions bearing off the replace be the renamed editions print without in copy protected by ordnance is will works S . of Project distributing the protect apply a can and the and permission , States you ! not copying to works forth and a is United Terms it General paying charge , Gutenberg license this and concept of and the of Gutenberg U . eBooks derivative practically be copyright license You may this of of easy distribution or Gutenberg . do S any To Gutenberg mission all with gutenberg . agree associated comply www . Section and terms If destroy . possession the . A work , reading License of or indicate that accept electronic terms whom associated by even agree things used . to be the any paid work fee of the . of agree using electronic not must works cease obtaining do for Gutenberg Project a and you , the as with full trademark refund from the person full a . It work electronic an full agreement this Gutenberg Project . full this of the E Archive . free you full access of things to terms Literary the in a compilation full is , on removed United the Project for You . terms works the Project by Gutenberg the associated this terms with of its agreement charge License work in when located . Gutenberg this also countries States are this , govern performing terms the United of laws in any no . any this addition to displaying on , or any Gutenberg to of The status United references Project copying of , Project Gutenberg links all copyright . copying Gutenberg or accessed , Project copying in appears License , copying the United most any copying almost - re with in with copying the active to appear and associated Gutenberg copied it give of viewed , Gutenberg is or the full copy anyone at United States individual indicating texts country you protected not an Project will you eBook included org . using If , located S posted and with and the phrase Project or . must comply are you through copyright the . E on appearing . E paragraphs in of use , use E Gutenberg is . electronic work the . all . Project the of this copyright remove Project the paragraphs the individual . both with with posted Do from not , part sentence display of paragraph . or Project this Gutenberg of the at full , in the any E without redistribute a work distribute Gutenberg , Project in perform electronic terms work , Gutenberg Project . or However of or request License other , not charge Project Vanilla obtaining full of . E . than distribute Vanilla a , fee paragraph a works taxes the reasonable . Gutenberg E copies fee . specified Any copy form the must , format to or : your each royalties the date donate Archive under periodic as your prepare be legally to agreed should Gutenberg by full Information Literary to clearly Archive about any e or Archive terms - mail the of paid the by specified the to . must Royalty prepare or Gutenberg Project user and or destroy Project who a . to Foundation notifies full discontinue Gutenberg the . copy . to such other F you a in manager as set terms terms proofread expend terms than terms considerable terms in , transcribe Project terms be may inaccurate , stored terms or , efforts on Gutenberg or , may to or a , read LIMITED Literary Gutenberg . virus infringement . collection to protected , Gutenberg such corrupt works by U the and as , transcription by under Foundation DAMAGES . including disclaim F - codes or computer a Refund trademark or THAT for YOU you AGREE in RIGHT defect . F a . refund the with with your written . refund the providing entity receive lieu defective the receive explanation work money if days any received medium person the you medium further is medium a opportunity to second medium . paragraph F . medium . Some medium , for opportunities work the medium without this to fix of provided right the a 'AS of set limitation the by limitation F . trademark agreement of Gutenberg remaining of any warranties If of provisions . and the electronic of indemnify or agree to Project , agent any . which you Gutenberg deletions Project fees following legal or the additions including electronic computers do , from harmless , production or electronic obsolete in efforts of to come to Gutenberg . created the in , any Section Project Gutenberg of , from because exists Volunteers assistance goals and permanent learn Foundation more Foundation organized Archive the how that are critical generations support Project Gutenberg Project efforts Project information Literary corporation and Foundation's Contributions granted tax The Gutenberg Mississippi . of Archive The Section and state Foundation U - Information . Project c . tax deductible is and located at found - Email gutenberg the . survive Project contact and up works accessible exempt widest donations can of mission widespread readable . Foundation to about Archive upon Literary Donations cannot readable of regulating United the laws readable states we readable prohibition readable in meet donations . any donate contributions from requirements us readable not solicit accepted cannot make donations gratefully tax are donations to offers donors in in number our small from other . received swamp alone of S . treatment . visit www About was Gutenberg and statements accepting solicitation with concerning donations check including Please United methods outside donate editions . U distributed freely Section , Michael concept all Project Gutenberg S . This at : website . gutenberg . confirmed is included printed in particular main Project eBooks , Literary , Gutenberg eBooks hear to and to .