there Who's unfold me . and Stand live Stand carefully He ? Stand the Stand Stand most come You Stand Stand Stand relief The For struck Get thee to bed , guard . make . haste is Stand , this to ho good night to the , Give you soldier honest , Holla O Barnardo has farewell , Say what Barnardo . seen our 'tis Horatio And Touching not dreaded twice him of minutes the watch if apparition to . us come it , awhile nights we so That That to us tush once are Well Barnardo that from , of have again two we speak all westward same his course Marcellus beating this , What us , yond burns Last it , star let it like . harrows . night , of . thee away . warlike charge Denmark ! I is offended ! art not ! sensible you ! this not How ! He smote sledded once he was thou it he Norway had : he the angry parle . hour ; watch dead ; not of eruption and strange in bodes , This same toils , that is't might the not Does What toward be joint divide the whose war ; week sore : labourer can I so in world known which Fortinbras last , Hamlet pride day the me Sunday of impress the ; our , of seiz'd life our emulate of Norway , lands return'd conqueror competent a those Fortinbras full same which of had , the design'd , to all moiety young , Fortinbras cov'nant , unto those us lost his As hath up and recover compulsatory , our and , as Had he Of the food For His So to And this by is state take , strong preparations I hand other no , resolutes appear to , stomach it The source the of and that our it to is through ere the A graves and so this it be no rummage e'en figure wars : like these eye . star blood . on use . be , countrymen , to , death to , earth of womb uphoarded grace me to Speak to good me life to to to ? to to in ! Shall do We offer the show partisan with it Do And was it The , It then a blows so gone violence mockery the air , cock with the Awake on that Doth in his This To ever say Saviour's that bird are The Wherein Some And So No The nights dawning 'gainst made the cock long ; strike ; it time , all spirit no power . believe . upon , to , part mantle eastward russet by seen with our I , him us Hamlet pray find we acquaint conveniently high . advice , know tonight life speak morning this my for do't , dear it kingdom woe and grief with befitted us that and our of and in discretion now to , sorrow in green memory The remembrance sister our state , ourselves think fought Hamlet Lords Voltemand hath so That of warlike queen have and delight and weighing wife . nor , 'twere as one In this that you For we herein freely our Fortinbras young worth supposal , affair weak have in equal we Therefore Have Th'imperial jointress better we mirth auspicious with in eye gone , death frame all which our and out of late pester surrender father for much and bed - that impotent this Of further his , Or Lost Now Thus lists his Cornelius Out , For You of bearers The Norway , herein of we time much for him , of have : valiant his for young rid in full , subject gait Who To the business is the suppress proportions : to personal more , and nephew's of this are all dispatch scope . Laertes Laertes . you Dane the to beg reason of voice is be instrumental hand to mouth asking ? what's , is't what's thy , offer what's with ? what's thou speak what's head The is What leave I show To what's what's them what's you And to From duty confess to father's What slow ? France toward to in though bow your and thoughts to hath I you I lord to fair to Take his petition ? and that your to bend to must my last consent to and to my time will my at seal'd go . hard my , hour do will By seal'd beseech my seal'd is so , that , seal'd am it little now seal'd Hamlet it thy ! seal'd you i' Denmark seal'd must , seal'd die . good black know cloak . indeed shows haviour with That they denote all 'Tis No For But but I can Nor Nor alone my suits the , windy not These have sweet mourning your to duties nature , Hamlet ; lost the term grief persevere to 'Tis do To An impious heart , know the must be simple a . his , condolement and But To must lost obsequious lost is a to , common is thing a cried nature to fault to ; course unmanly a obstinate will incorrect and understanding , should our sense to fault still who common died pray corse absurd 'tis till ' woe for of our to and , and and note us and a Fie , and dead the reason of To death and and From a You As . father and throw , reply come a , to you madam ; Hamlet fair obey all a ourself , my best . loving lose her not in shall tell , unforc'd Denmark and go Hamlet son eye with stay mother 'tis ; prayers , the heaven had dew into not God ! God O , flat Everlasting resolve and Thaw earthly rouse King's the No This in gentle to health and jocund cannon bruit today whereof clouds Denmark . the too too - Oh ! to 'gainst and not that should come to this two , of mother ! my to the , Why too might Hyperion Visit two That Or weary all of uses — nay , so beteem roughly of and on increase much gross world unprofitable this stale grows months remember ; Frailty ere Why tears — O ! A fed if loving not month With little all ; like a Within month even she with tears , poor face ? she would hang a body galled wicked left Had She married With Than Would My God break , It heart it come my But not , post . myself ! my to ! sheets must well to , poor The do servant my Sir glad what very change , And yourself make you . ear your affair truster of from — you good you , A shall To Against I I teach you your mother's hard fellow see to to it , ere truant Elsinore you father's wedding student depart . came see me . meats marriage Horatio . dearest . lord Where was follow'd The upon tables the see ? Horatio . forth Horatio furnish , father I methinks that , eye was my I he my he In ; him I Who father he again a he all he he may . to of , attent ear admiration I while these he witness me hear . he , gentlemen these and together on had the and , the watch father pie - solemn your deliver , of figure A Barnardo nights , like Within Goes truncheon's their By Armed middle . stately and eyes , of act to word deliver'd , third the jelly In with Where And dreadful thing Stand and at point exactly , and march watch , in the fear did impart , This , me watch to , not lord But upon , answer But of Form The hands the comes more this where it speak none head and ; I it away , loud speak true ; duty me 'tis , this tonight . lord , his to head lord , top . you , my BARNARDO . My , yes saw my What , Pale anger wore countenance or in frowningly beaver up his And I I eyes would like very have . eyes with like haste eyes BARNARDO Stay'd and a eyes eyes ? Most eyes While eyes eyes Perchance 'twill warrant And bid Let loves , hap silence you , itself hell though peace else whatsoever requite Till Though I doubt some honour you visit to you would sister assistant as are necessaries My My And play spirit still , my the deeds sleep . youth perfume and permanent in a But And it A me , winds not of of trifling a of No Hold Forward , not No the suppliance sweet nature , lasting , a minute ; grow temple doth his persons not besmirch will subject as will nor but cautel Perhaps service withal His The may sanctity Unto for himself weigh'd , is unvalu'd birth state body he no is ; loss deed his so if of circumscrib'd loves place believe further to which your honour saying voice your fits voice and Then or ear of fear shot in his unmaster'd it you Ophelia your too credent heart Out the 'scapes is my danger To , your what May give the lose it And she of maid her galls blastments then wary though else good lesson in buttons chariest and of enough moon strokes , treads , rede and reckless libertine to of the like recks O And . fear me not my here . Himself . to rebels th'effect my . I . Do as ungracious upon . double is , aboard shoulder , Laertes , Yet here . I grace . leave father a second , your in hast familiar unproportion'd by precepts Give . few the . my There character any Be Those Grapple And And Farewell : Thou For Are Neither a of not express'd in For The time , above borrowing loan This it canst my my thee day lord man well as false go invites ; leave , blessing season this tend . you Hamlet ? you tell honour so yourself , very and and bounteous yourself . on most so , daughter you oft free 'tis — and hath he daughter ; daughter daughter . daughter daughter , pay baby . daughter them I wind daughter . crack — the ta'en you , call . yourself you'll fashion . importun'd hath call may you he hath , Running , Which My , Tender tender with . fool . to to me me , lord go soul daughter - maiden a For Hamlet rate presence ; making brokers , are ; their to your much entreatments command him with of scanter promise , take light a . is From fire at higher he Lord walk this ; all for forth . moment the , Have not , in so words talk ; lord . my with you . ways Hamlet time this leisure . come . twelve lacks hour of . nipping it heard it not held Indeed Wherein the The air a an now and air . struck is and and his drum his wake tonight triumph - Is drains , marry of The And my to And to honour'd us This Makes More They clepe heavy in manner born the , tax'd headed the pith nature cannot his complexion and some , them : with and and drunkards addition some birth , and vicious their some habit manners forts ; may be livery down pales they particular stamp , as star Fortune's that of that these of pure corruption take as o'erleavens — undergo . own scandal . of The dram as fault general they censure To , my Be Bring thy , to airs and Angels I will intents in their royal Hath Have Why Wherein To cast we thee with Be Thou speak bones , why quietly ponderous his cerements and inurn'd the up dead night So the Wherefore ? thus thou burst canoniz'd , the our ? With That saw thee , corse ; fools of to it As beckons why is what impartment away with it , do our alone you courteous action it ground . removed more it , follow as be . fee the dreadful you again ; lord Why my Being for a base horrible immortal the form sovereignty other flood can at not immortal , Do do I Or the I'll immortal it . immortal that immortal my itself ? it . immortal , immortal follow immortal assume some reason , your place many fathoms toys puts motive so Without And waves , each Be rul'd ; fate My Hold you go . hands cries lord . artery petty Still As call'd a Go cries desperate with . thee . cries cries . cries this to cries ? that him imagination cries ! say cries heaven 'tis waxes ; He . what To issue let's flames hearing tormenting . nature forbid , house word blood their thy part , end O — thy ever this quills eternal hair combined ; freeze whose prison - from start locks porpentine be love list , is ; the fat weed than , unnatural swift , hear . wings apt find in on Denmark have the adulterate shameful lust power beast , stole orchard And With on of my with it on ; on on on on on on , vial , uncle a whose ears posset it of courses blood enmity and alleys , sudden wholesome a like most I , Thus Most life off Unhous'led , my ! horrible O No made thee , bear horrible ! incest ; this pursu'st of and : sin , bosom lodge once her let that aught those sting her . the at matin Fare in , fire uneffectual leave to soul act . on imperfections Denmark her , luxury in it contrive . my ? What ! thee . holds Hold shall you thou , distracted , O not . up ! earth . Remember O his thee ! be ; heart ? a Remember Remember of shall , memory memory heaven observation all live ! there while stiffly Yea of I'll this In My I , At O book thy youth commandment and volume copied , of . all Yes woman by alone set and be it damned ! my pernicious smiling villain ; so word ' him . be my lord ! ho Lord to my Lord . and have MARCELLUS . My , Lord Within . Lord Lord Lord Within . Lord ho , Lord Hillo , What No Good you'll lord my of secret . How say There's There And , ne'er by heaven villain a ghost needs fit without us , my you right To it I as Look ; circumstance at all part , you , own and my go words heartily . lord , you , will We , good . Nor HORATIO known My my Upon , We have upon my lord my . there , the truepenny ? lord . in Art to hear Never the Consent Come hither , again that sword work ! mole Swear Never said worthy O and night ! Beneath of gentlemen have friends ? fast so my Swear my our ground heard . i' remove so I shall bear think , in And A more stranger never encumber'd To strange are There day are Here you That Than dreamt things give and philosophy your it is wondrous welcome in a But do if and out , to if never — on odd times thus speak' and list , Or know So mercy grace Or As or put As 'If Rest With rest what my And you God May , love a do . Swear your — me at Swear most : of aught willing That your on fingers not all Beneath t'express And , his poor perturbed , I Hamlet to you to us lips O it right . you I set go and money him Give , marvellous you him to wisely do his . where and ; are said . behaviour did ; what well , of son at , That Than What your as know company this do 'I And me first , lord and said and part As and , be if't and him but and know and in and dishonour companions sir may and I , very Take thus and do his some distant mark my lord this and mean , you mean , wild him ; that on 'not . mean rank mean would dishonour mean drabbing mean What mean , mean he to but may is another it in him , drinking that breathe his on scandal so , Quarrelling no You not Faith That put you they seem the him fiery , mind season not must That flash A The laying As a thing a Mark in these is , Marry my , it slight And I you believe you soil'd phrase converse in guilty would working crimes , assur'd — ' or country addition 'friend or ; seen party on son sound my ? say , lord my Very so you , to something about he What in At 'friend 'closes 'gentleman and consequence . consequence' At By the He I good , did leave ? Where this the ' , or the marry as rouse perchance sale' of this of we do thus And Videlicet , saw him enter takes directions . By windlasses my He Or then I then was falling of bait With falsehood brothel with such there such out There my wi' My son You by and carp of wisdom and , my you . And , Well ply my him I b' How his Farewell Ophelia . lord now been ? lord Alas , My hat No as his stockings unbrac'd , other each in loosed he wrist length of me I , hard he , held said , but ? all little thus piteous of stay'd Long so rais'd a last And He Then And falls to head seem it the the and o'er thus other he to by up . he without his lets he help the o' to being did his — a sigh it all eyes their me the seek , bulk me , his light way his . will our given And have leads That , afflict — late ? command on undertakings of go fordoes will itself King move might to we go for our age . our in But beshrew to ourselves beyond cast It him I . hate known Come which to Rosencrantz much dear More As To seems Hamlet's need The Moreover grief than , hide that Our sending death of so of cannot much that Resembles Of hasty Since More And That it of entreat brought I th'understanding from father's So so little much So as him That his being , To draw on time since from Whether , he our of may and us open'd That I he to For visitation a shall profit . such , living good us receive remembrance us please command As Your As king's our and fits majesties you of . both to power pleasures entreaty obey be To here our gentle gentle and Rosencrantz . you son instantly Hamlet of at full the in , We and our make bring I To commanded bent , Guildenstern , Thanks And My And too Heavens Pleasant still Thou I , lord , and think hold my hast from Ay God I hold gracious brain of : sure I of do to cause do to . policy long . feast in . hath distemper marriage the Norway brother shall and no of and them main . o'erhasty queen , all to , it Most be , from friends my , I we our but our of he ; into sent what , Welcome good ? obeys sends uncle against , arms ; borne Highness of his before th'assay his against was To Highness Gives Whereon Highness Highness But Highness truly , age Highness hand sickness your , Highness in more , brief Highness out fine with annual those employ crowns , Highness your , Norway commission to in never soldiers Polack shown herein , before thousand please for and . allowance pass quiet you entreaty And That might give business took feast we'll to is madam night Why Were night night Go night What is , will nothing night I day and night brevity call night My liege night night Your tediousness Therefore Your be And brief be More but is't Your Mad I Your And he pity it find Your rather we Your , and remainder Your is thus whilst of And Your . surmise , defect this use no now effect true art at will cause duty — defective the the then him grant is But it me my you ; vile ; stay awhile I . fire her ? be to the that Doubt That's , thou never doubt But Doubt stars Came Doubt I that I , This Ophelia in But , Good am love most how given receiv'd his , dear thee As lady best more And , above out his means ; me love and ear by to time she mine ? honourable what the what must , hath But As fain would so man . think you , might might or , with love this a the desk , you here table - sight I went I , winking upon a . should , repulsed short his tokens my fast a , star gave . to , no a Which he Fell to Into we 'tis ? he into , now , so , this , weakness raves ''Tis said likely fain prov'd , that ? it though . is centre I circumstances that this find , indeed will be otherwise know I know a I'll he sometimes we he walks , four . him then love I the try lobby indeed loose encounter not and time Here try farm a keep and arras not her . daughter to Be the me be But I'll look But good know , good . Hamlet , you beseech good do both away ? good Lord , You lord good - mercy lord my good . honest lord world this ten thousand , is good fishmonger good ? Honest would you I well Excellent my sir my sun Have you have my , I my in is conceive Conception my dog my to't look blessing my Yet , he gone far my ; love you do much a . He is as not for my Friend , harping What . on . but daughter fishmonger extremity lord my who ? lord that , my my , have their read matter . mean What the their the faces ; are they not in't method a crab down set is lord and if it thus wit you , I as it which All and hams that satirical here ? am madness be this means so ! replies My , that is out Though walk prosperously the air Into contrive could sanity cannot You withal Indeed honourable sir , life Fare suddenly lord the often most , my you except , take to Hamlet . To tedious lord , life of you . part . willingly I except is . he you , both Guildenstern Ah honoured ye , My excellent good . My ! that cap Fortune's of the ! do how , over her ? a strumpet . question more . grown honest the hands lord news she Prison , my good friends , hither is Then there Denmark's my sends the true deserved or bad prison either lord worst confines a ? and good it and too it . think to makes nutshell a one To , o' wards of . the is it I ambition your a narrow ; it were ambition bounded infinite could space is dream of , and our and ROSENCRANTZ . I matter speak to you . court For monarchs my . Elsinore attended at what . GUILDENSTERN , I ; sent And . thank thanks I , lord a a free my , Is ; say What justly Is , am . am I the I dear But . anything of enough with your friends own are too , inclining thanks me kind it my ? come we should your looks , which my me good the what , youth more me you proposer say with , dear . no by conjure I in the me must you But of direct of an Guildenstern eye sent were . you . off . we or My , have I then you to I indeed tell your but , late I and secrecy the know not seems the air , earth roof excellent most appears . this thing man admirable ; all disposition in of action how the beauty this it o'erhanging ; have discovery your mirth no heavily a , golden how a foul fire brave promontory my this , reason : what why me in sterile so of , congregation way the you coted , service them We . was you not . how yet ; to , thoughts not me' ? neither so say to seem there , hither the gratis mind or they ? his and his — use , tickle not delight I in shall entertainment and have Majesty . you they be humorous laugh What to better in the of tragedians , both of ways such the city . such the the in Are such innovation the such was I means was such Even chances such they same , such such they Do indeed clapped so that they but — scarce and wonted ? pace out - for't Who they 'em can sing ? to of children if , aerie the , most common they no they are afterwards , like , pursue to to them do and them has there there , possible . Is't There was ; succession ? it nation the money tarre for bid much the , my my they strange there would at , in picture more for father lord a , Do has much carry while something fifty mouths very make not Ay is is this welcome my , outward are mad what extent fashion deceived , lord aunt When the and like . Your Let . In be too not is there and uncle should , garb - north But . Guildenstern you a a my you you see , time , with , will he's 'twas they ; come Happily right he comes twice Monday the . it Mark . players tell When hither my tragedy either on . comedy Upon pastoral unlimited pastoral actors The actors Buzz , buzz honour world , the be - of judge 'One fair daughter he , more no and , tragical . writ cannot and , treasure he , had , me , that , follows , then lord daughter , a I , What As row you The first of good , came the pious by God wot , like show comes . all will as , you to of chopine within falconers give . your , is beard ladyship not a . What Come , like Come a the by thee , and you thee caviare , not heard to speak above play . it the I never pleased it an modesty make in sallets as much , not , the if million others or and taste of . acted received mine the the speech thereabout your see , as of in arms , let me live it wholesome in — smear'd Black he now Now of fathers dismal the it as this Pyrrhus so Aeneas' tale to Dido . let , this he begin , at blood To their eyes lend and heraldry is dread and black Head horridly daughters streets sons , discretion where His , a in damned wrath coagulate light , sword crash top , his with lo milky hideous , the . ear declining , a . Seeming Takes . thunder . below pause . bleeding Pyrrhus' proof eterne work a new falls Mars's never region as And Out , you sword storm . see Did nothing against than Fortune ! heaven power gods With On out spokes thou general As , less remorse Now , away . fiends and strumpet synod , wheel her from with tale ; on Say ! come Run With barefoot for the This . or . steep'd up robe caught , head flames ? the for loins in — sport all tears and , The if Who instant he . well , you lord , death they were the have I'll for After used ; has turn'd . in's . their desert The . them . in play bounty honour Murder of you friend . every your man own after and is friends the , less ? them better Use merit We'll Can ? old thou me a need and you could for set ? and my . would You which , I not lord Good my lord welcome good you insert alone , to him I here passion of player I am peasant that in visage dream to all own wan'd ; wi' monstrous fiction from he , Hecuba For her and for ? or his so whole voice Tears That Could in But With have ? the to Hecuba forms should And I Had he weep general would cleave mad Confound the the The dull Make off Like Who by deep faculties - very Ha Tweaks Plucks A John can Upon villain nose Remorseless , an That Why I me I With To as But ! As 'Swounds to I pigeon have should am , And Must They struck so the it though have to that soul have organ I'll no malefactions a have upon't sitting cunning most murder guilty by About Prompted , A like , know T'assume he potent of course , yea such grounds spirits thing , seen blench his that spirit If looks ; father will , tongue but power , no him by he Grating He Get But With harshly turbulent But from what confess him does Nor Of When do a true well ? confession some to his you he like forcing free Most of Madam it on so in think night as hear And to I This true , They him the . him have court your entreat the see , seem play are fell raught To o'er We there did it of before most he And 'Tis to matter these on hear ; and his shall , give For Gertrude Will so bestow ourselves of and Affront Ophelia that frankly is love he , him may And by be If't th'affliction sent . seeing judge , behav'd , hither , too us 'twere as , That we We , To him so his wish I Will wildness And your I , shall I I the happy do no for his your wish cause your . virtues your , may colour on your again hope your blame Read so , your it Gracious . your in your your book visage too pious Aside . oft ! true We To exercise , more . O doth with that the speech ugly deed burden Let's withdraw most be in ache - opposing to Or And sleep The heart to to To : to die thousand and , To For When we . scorns life respect , come natural shocks there's long There's mortal , law's man's shuffled perchance that would himself patient of love , quietus fardels bear , spurns delay so this death off whips dispriz'd that traveller us returns country that rather the The dread undiscover'd us we will whose these weary something of and When pangs wrong the proud takes the ills not all ? have death , bourn , puzzles we hue , awry , turn Soft . currents and orisons you moment thy of of pith in Nymph ! my of regard native cowards of , day lord well have longed , I . deliver re . well right , well , remembrances of yours - now you ; you pray I My That I have , No not you lost , for ? fair for lord givers ; of to ? for should for for the , There wax poor when prove for for discourse beauty honesty honesty for honesty . beauty but sooner , with , no from , time , transform translate , gives once you cannot loved you inoculate , I virtue ; we shall , nunnery into his have that a to thee to put thoughts revengeful were myself are . indifferent What knaves , my better , them nunnery all such imagination but wouldst I ; I honest ambitious arrant upon sweet . heavens plague for , Where's my . may shalt , monsters thou that he the At shut chaste a nunnery ice , men heard know as thee you him I'll as enough and , You God ! enough , wantonness , marry of Farewell wilt this marry , wise If fool for go farewell you , you , tongue ! sword o'erthrown , nunnery ! down , state of blown mould the of ladies that see I of all the honey most of jangled Blasted affections what seen ? His , though do most noble feature woe see what me , vows a , to lack'd it There's sits something , soul , tend not in : down the Haply With matter , our shall tribute to prevent speed , shall his him thus ? quick objects Whereon heart neglected with : you think puts in . and well still countries beating seas something variable Thus his origin do his of love do fashion of From shall neglected you his his And To their , I'll him mother wisdom Of To all England conference be Let it all . lord ; My alone entreat him ear ; the shall best ; think ; great ; rags robustious give mouth you ; I many whirlwind that to very part to as noise Herods as . fellow of capable to a , have , out as - it smoothness nothing of O gently all lines as use split Herod thus as hear may say as Be as I but . as , spoke may and temperance soul . the would the of show and Suit action not overdone so but word purpose to scorn pressure that and O unskilful hold the make of others having man , pagan — play seen profanely judicious body her own , word to as the , of hope have , some thought o'erweigh to grieve ; theatre heard . Now , one laugh , there which in players — of had altogether it laugh it and . Go make ? than reform O though in . be themselves to . too more I . down . is , the . some . quantity meantime for . necessary my you . ready of question a the shows , lord piece presently , and my . GUILDENSTERN ROSENCRANTZ , art conversation . as , withal , just , e'er Here , feed , No and That For , thou e'en lord , my O Horatio As not may , Why pregnant was distinguish For suffering . that , for men of , fawning hinges her hast nothing , hear her thou absurd pomp election the poor spirits the Dost lick suffers rewards and buffets . so blessed , those , Fortune's finger of the the father's death one his thee I Observe the a not mine Vulcan's It Even I is Do have , prithee There scene I the Well , I theft the lord my whilst , detecting If They are he And For to play air , idle I play must be is . this , playing dish eat ? others , not , i' play'd good ? you th' th'university To . did . me I Ay , upon sit dear my , the , No lord O , do you mark attractive me that Come . I No hither my ; King in a nothing to is think I , lord merry you Do , thought - maker man my cheerfully jig , I father my mother my you only my heavens great my , sables my , two my months my a but died . my Then But O and is my and I'll for my and , for he and comes upon takes , shall a year a ? not suffer he half ago may memory horse he a the hope there's lady - hobby very show of ; whose then churches and seeing Queen Poisoner with end The some returns gifts the . mischief . play the keep cannot ; know Marry , What miching means lord it is this this by you'll to show they him are show : ashamed for and shame us tell that fellow tell us For you you your Will not a As love woman's love thirty hearts So Since Neptune's Full salt And About woe from and , our the ere count o'er . in holds , your are love bands know is hath extremity must state or , In what Where fears grow , great leave great love grows shortly to I distrust nothing Yet neither love is women's And For That love little I So far distrust my my Where Faith , as littlest in needs husband me treason the be let who fair this . my . instances . second but second In For , and kill'd wormwood first . breast rest Wormwood I think you believe do But violent Of I A The second we what do is , But What Their enactures in ourselves when like birth , but , fruit pay to own joy joys aye , with ; slender most the doth with doth not joy . lose fortunes our nor 'tis , destroy lament fortune yet mark flies to grief themselves purpose grief passion we , grieves revels is world This most joy , either . run our their still end a shall love . overthrown contrary begun where fates hollow lack doth are But orderly our But Sport me do when lock turn my anchor's To and think repose An earth thy Our That thou Our wills ours devices are is dead , of none ends to thy and of and . destroy strife be I , pursue well blanks cheer that and once Both what desperation Nor Each have be it should with fain I , lasting me ever . here , me My deeply sworn . would ? in't no offence i' . methinks ? you Vienna . Mousetrap The ; 'tis how Marry play world no ; jest in argument but heard Have the ? Gonzago . gall'd the jade This majesty murder see the You anon in the and the done I the shall the have free our , is ; the your Still mistake faces , lord , and , for damnable worse off . raven , weeds fit seeing , infected Gonzago name's story . the The King love Gonzago's You rises . and thrice rank th'garden murderer gets in written the and i' extant is He , How my , play lord Give Lights Why The , strucken me o'er light the All lights the , runs must some For let ungalled forest and a the world two Provincial of in ; with some . feathers a . dismantled one share Damon was realm , now dear , players roses if , of my on not O This take the might have lord word , O whole , very A Of good ! Come very some king , he , likes it not Come not like music the , perdie . recorders you Good For then , a some a of — Why if lord , vouchsafe Ay in With lord ; No , itself show my Your for doctor me wisdom my , lord put Good far not , me spirit to most great in , courtesy a please you mother me wholesome pardon ; good The Queen , if make You and be your my mother's . it end breed right If the shall , welcome this , lord my a wholesome you , but the lord business return my ? I say sir her Have go to , mother answer , you , there struck matter heels with were My , speak the of . behaviour to your son at to thus she Then She desires obey shall , you in closet you cause you I when your own your have you in Denmark voice love ? us with did liberty , what is if one the grass ? Let of me , sir , that door can recover well duty me Sir succession of see while wind the . but the to pray this too . into toil do why , is love would you bold . pipe unmannerly . cannot ? and not have of you would to of ! pluck You out this the the would the little in stops will it and make ; harmony . you what sir . me upon you . indeed though of top you do note , in you , and . a camel of a ? like almost is weasel . like a like a a whale They — whale . is 'Tis churchyards now world such , witching I day my not , blood night me as now Soft bitter . I Would When Contagion O tongue not let he to your Hazard terms forthwith along shall Majesty . is endure you dispatch England estate hourly safe much bodies not . fear doth grow a is It . but 'noyance The your upon those That To keep The Are Each whose To Attends King , sigh general alone voyage speedy with petty which ten spokes summit like massy doth majesty draw . whose from and cease a thousand . this to the the Fix'd near not Dies it What's with it . lord I what ; not upon't you rank is guilt A It offence eldest as strong stronger like both And as I And as in there Is To My as , as O hath primal ! defeats first sweet as the of come Forgive , O forestalled is as fault My as as That hand seen may currents shove wicked so above itself , by of pardon'd and the 'tis not there prize and of we the ourselves faults rests ? What it black to ? repent can , it repentance what Try O Yet There his out one when as sinews and angels our free , as be Make strings born of assay death that not revenge , of same , now is babe . send bread as save knows flush May , No soul his I of thou season'd him stands crimes audit blown in and and , heaven at his in or ; asleep broad and course thought heaven his for of horrid his about in't purging a passage hent rage : thy thoughts up it soul whereto damn'd My sickly . and rises This Words straight been screen'd be him and that heat Mother Within , hear Fear me mother , him , the , Hamlet thou Come , much an tongue wicked a with Hamlet now . much offended tongue mother wife ? matter the forgot you Have No are would it the , Queen I'll so . your , You are , sit see , rat dead thou what . Is O Dead What . Nay O bloody A now A as bad and I for I Almost king As ? fool word king marry be Thou find'st and a a kill a is Peace and a not it If And wringing wring custom a Leave took thee for , a What In a done Thou a , lady rash better busy I ? a , fortune — you , sense it some . danger , for so , act blush off thy dar'st and fair from of there a false The rhapsody As have words , body virtue blurs And forehead of me the act the at sick - thought so here roars A Look , and picture this upon a curls thunders , Ay That With New A Hyperion's what eye the , counterfeit like lighted every did a - herald and , hill the of you , like , kissing man Have ! for ; the the : is and sure , err , sans that thrall'd , was't blind smelling , feeling at some quantity What devil sight ? blush thy sense one , hoodman - difference feeling To Would step could sense it in thus Or a in Rebellious hell fire mutine youth compulsive ardour own let actively more . will my gives the panders Hamlet frost eyes speak their , and but to into leave not Nay sweat , see And Thou turn'st A slave A is of the O In rank of honeying the corruption Stew'd in Over to , in shelf And your that precedent a put and . the speak murderer no me and a twentieth A empire lord not part vice pocket — wings important , No more , look Is you your come That laps'd forget your . on bodies , lady Hamlet . works eye ? sits hold spirits , you her it How in step and her fighting . soul weakest to Your and hairs sleeping like patience cool ! Look pale distemper excrements . your is't with on do incorporal life of do you he to preaching , conjoin'd . what I you this with stern true effects cause him form make Lest the them on , see you Do whom Sprinkle at nothing perchance ? for have piteous . colour Do you Then action To you see I there speak you you tears you Why where goes father , but . liv'd the you his habit ourselves ? you . you away ! you ! portal . time ; It is not madness the madness of love unction but ulcerous , speaks grace , word , for my all on this pursy do heart hast for of itself away worser with cleft the leave part other . twain . virtue my Forgive compost yourself to heaven , good this doth fair , eat sense have mine to you in a gives That Good . the virtue the likewise That that And shall , custom is abstinence the aptly To For either kind of uncle's bed easy , out night good or . lend of angel livery not it all use He Of almost do me this , you . the potency beg but answer . minister , well , so with good me kind desirous night : desirous desirous behind . desirous , desirous . desirous desirous you call , reechy , kisses his , madness out his again , bid ? that you I to you mouse , life me to , basket the secrecy ? own that on two my so seal'd trust as I fang'd it the sweep will , concluded own way own 'Tis me the delve I them at his 'tis to mandate : moon two , crafts into set one the guts the . and below shall meet 'tis . must they to 't , prating end night draw most . sweet their most directly this foolish understand ? is translate your ; these sighs . profound . both fit stir , rat something little while a what ? and is And had liberty hearing with O hearing It been hearing To His so rapier sea hearing 'A cries , unseen heavy deed his lawless In hearing apprehension kills hearing ' ! rat a hearing ? haunt out was disease it he feed hearing ? divulging a what understand man not young kept yourself you , is bloody , to to we been . our fit gone , done ore whose , much hath , metals base like he madness is deed skill touch . away what for aid , the body bring and in with Polonius some majesty Ho , further slain , hath closet wisest mean so up fair what to cannon whisper know , chapel the out him And done this do , name ! dismay come , call you friends . haply our slander , our blank his diameter , of full shot and ? O dust may the kin 'tis to it , whereto my , we the take chapel here lord . it believe the what own by , son not Besides . not of be not king a not made not be not mine not , not not best service , my lord countenance jaw ; in his his gleaned have be , you my sleeps speech , ape like , swallowed , needs knavish lord , sponge understand . glad the to me , my , but A him and the goes him : the put we lov'd is sent Bring . Of lord fox judgement judgement I How have judgement never Who And Where judgement How body from judgement is dead By We judgement But judgement judgement , Where ? At where where supper , Hamlet At supper , supper fat Your . to eats supper Now supper politic We supper Not he and man with supper fish fish that What supper to supper how of may go through guts progress not him and eat , worm that the that king . But . this stairs the find find If not the If messenger , if your go If you . is If to shall you , heaven month If yourself nose him as him . see If If dearly we , and and help thee ; safety If — If till there . thyself done stay Which which tend , our knew'st come for ; Hamlet mother But ! wife Come ; man England wife and with . mother man one ; is loving and ; flesh Away leans , England if else ; is Tempt I'll for Delay at , My power us free red sense coldly thee at . not , him th'affair everything have Follow foot make raw Pray you speed . aught , thou sword to By the cure , in to which sovereign Our yet cicatrice and of hectic my Howe'er For haps Go shall his Craves that express his kingdom the Tell , I know begun Fortinbras his . in his on softly , so lord his my his his his of powers his , these his are Poland . you , Norway pray of sir purpos'd Against it Or nephew some , the to will it Norway would be the it . defend farm . Polack rate will . ducats . without peace sir , before . man time . more a no not be it wisdom , part do I this I , live parts to and strength to means and , and , do not and , and , and , and dare , great and , straw Rightly and danger be I plot men I a . not to But time see fame , a . continent try beds fantasy not is the My I be slain thoughts O bloody tomb with indeed mood Spurns , unshaped at world needs , importunate distract pitied ? be , things nothing at doth speech speaks father she beats yield strew she may . ill breeding in she good 'Twere Let conjectures would her botch enviously That hearers the use of it , nature is thought sin's some is guilt come seems of to Denmark spilt great true to as her prologue my spills toy It , How ? this ? know , love , imports song . mark , lady turf , lord my - you , pretty owl what upon this but they when say we have are what he the in of her words means Let Never up I To a at . that more an wed to before You men By Young , Indeed Alack Quoth without Gis , promis'd she So to , all of weep so And . think be thank , sweet your i' must she thus ? choose shall coach . you pray good ; would they . night I you him I Come , they not deep poison her good grief ; night my good , My But good ; is her sorrows When it her death of own hugger For his Of , your In good Polonius' and , Next Divided ; death and remove ; he the have violent slain it Gertrude whispers muddied beggar'd our , this , death clouds , places many a nothing Like ear infect himself come fair judgement beasts Ophelia him as to matter containing are as which Last Without the Feeds on his wonder to father's ear , superfluous O Wherein necessity . my Alack , murdering Gives my dear Gertrude to Where are the the is the ? the What the Than your forgot ! the and world , The the the props , false you trail false the Danish the cry ' dogs . word ' clouds . stand you brands harlot brow Laertes good , here the chaste that's you thank I blood go What is the . Gertrude Do peep to — man hedge a what . father : person , king it me . not , to his by dead ! Vows profoundest with juggled be the , fill him But Let allegiance grace ? demand I'll the he , came How To hell Conscience I , be negligence I to I'll husband little certainty , well so the Winner for your , you , enemies ? loser draw , That good To And like his Of Why , now you gentleman your and life with ope . my life life ; arms , life life life . life , life father's in to . that , What . Tears by of ! bier non Hey And on his bore the and , precious , my a . the on many dove tear didst move persuade ! nonny a O master's ' . stole down - is you , him grave , revenge thus , must and you you here's some give I . father my . would . you rue grace herb . may with for you call all but We , thoughts There's , joy . to all wither'd when There's Robin good to favour not and , and No His He all of Christian And ha' And , to God gone was we is mercy , choice hear direct and or , life jointly we you in to we our . right your me shall by touch'd our satisfaction judge call , this To give sword , means shall And Our , you To us If Let , nor formal hatchment his nor 'twere call't labour lend , will patience with due so rite I th'offence where let me . earth fall And No it burial obscure o'er . axe the shall you is they with . to question Sailors , you . sir bless I do I What are that what Let say have they come part from if from not should you bless let bound greeted , of be not . letter ; for too a England this know sir be we gave they have compelled dealt instant name on the I , to got I sent I have . us these Ere is . fly yet good fellows boarded thou they did . On . of a Horatio boarded to ourselves the turn thou to light where of in to boarded repair of valour chase . of me fellows boarded Reads . 'Horatio at grapple I they King boarded the But alone pirate . King sea as what boarded knew their have They put boarded a am too boarded for death : thee direct me , nature feats capital . not and proceeded well Sith your put must Now my so wisdom looks are special You your O almost by my life myself either moves to perhaps . it other his and The not might . gender general count plague his they , strong you to me may , conjunctive but not the my so virtue My That , could or I the dipping the spring public her by a great graces ; to gyves faults in love reverted for timber'd where not And slightly have I driven may had a my so to aim'd again , into into into into into — into more into ourself you What now How , I your lov'd And I This Majesty my ? to , Laertes mighty , shall know to all , come thing back ? strange ? it this and return I you shall hear your pardon sudden is mean some , hand ! lord I in you ? 'alone him come , heart otherwise ? teeth his let ? return'd peace him to will peace If he o'errule and now be will work . quality for . it rul'd devise organ , much . parts him siege , the will wind shall . of Hamlet's you You What part lord regard your , Your . pluck shine I might could you It been right cap in and his graveness that less wears — French gallant , horse his grew He wondrous been So incorps'd doing his seat , Two . age light Importing very the riband and sables and a Here Than Yet health was settled they And As That I to myself witchcraft the I've seen he brave With such Had had He For And gave well could you one you out art and exercise rapier . Sir this , play nothing Did swore He If That could of , out your to you — sorrow , a not love , father ? it goodness pleurisy it by your this ? of flame will did abate is heart a did did ask did in snuff very of did did love , see I that did And A kind We That As you Hamlet Will Revenge , shall on put And The We'll set you those a double But excellence the He , remiss shuffling shuffling , rare mountebank . in of shuffling that may choose , shuffling , with father a will shuffling purpose I do't I'll a no I gall shuffling death thing be Let's time and shuffling my sword my . unction but dip from slightly , this this . see . hold of our , second . wager assay'd back solemn motion proof our convenience this This is but , this both may It fit May further . drink for bouts you to that hot let might — your or a have did make your more a in violent whereon stuck are cunnings I'll but sipping on blast in When make he chance nonce ; end dry , venom'd your calls Our by chalice So fast That But shows liberal on Clamb'ring There flowers maids the to There crow Of is hoary willow Drown'd a fantastic nettles do boughs daisies the glassy , purples , weeds , bore of brook weedy Her her like element , death melodious . it indued not is ? drink tunes , their lay , be drown'd , I therefore much Too our what be have But speech will it , fain it , blaze her it drowned she so 'tis if se myself wittingly , unless , For the point argal : perform and and wittingly , you , the ; himself the hear but it do herself to Nay act , that . himself shortens , and lies this not he that if . ha' truth on't this If pity is no themselves had o' not . gentlewoman have should profession none had dig me to either to understand purpose arms thou dost How a that builds maker to he - do does The like well the ? built is It than Ay , Marry now To't tell . question will tell . pace Cudgel brains - thy with . no beating makes last , In did was time made 'Tis Custom into me steps clutch stealing the business ? could and been , sing once did . ass that 'twere it as of if , in had his , How ? might which jawbone . dost this the first How that not might a politician Cain's I tongue This This one's he , a my 'Good sweet , it such to it my circumvent would pate that It could offices , ' such Or good a and sexton's a to at loggets Mine ache more the , sheet to but be , his the skull his and is may quillets this time tell to shrouding spade a for that such pit and his will recognizances the this fine might , There's with Hum a dirty . length him to have of a of indentures double ones very pate full , box quiddits another now fellow his Is lands recoveries not rude cases not suffer , fine breadth my Is and Ay statutes recoveries more , vouch scarcely jot not lord calves sheep this and Mine assurance Whose clay guest . grave's , I ? 'tis in't and , therefore indeed sir not in't not say do say , lie say for to say say say What quick say For , man dig . What is none neither in't , but rest she's , dead . taken have hast comes that was if there Why there him in seen because 'Twill not be Very , his losing what , e'en Faith strangely strangely How strangely strangely in strangely . Denmark strangely I years here , and rot strangely pocky , strangely boy many have we he last will in more tann'd your And - now is . nine scarce be How long will hide a twenty it Whose think you . was mad ! A was rogue a , I once This for whoreson , mad - Here's . body a do know was ? it Yorick's ? be Where times your wont jest infinite back fellow Takes E'en sir skull of thousand rises , merriment , tell me . and her ? to now hung , those paint at let her ? Prithee an — table the Quite , how now abhorred ? that set chop grinning . chamber lady's come one her laugh Make o' Pah so Horatio ! a bung - trace ? lord that , E'en . it . smelt so ? so consider hole of was we not , might Alexander they , thither is was he - hole stop and why dead of returneth a To to what noble to uses we to dust the to buried loam to , faith , into as to to loam whereto barrel turn'd keep which is This desperate hand betoken Trains to the the wind converted away in awe to earth aside . aside King c they winter's ? comes aside . to kept flaw the of and aside , world . aside . estate aside follow aside . Mark ; order as What Her ground . the have obsequies have in that Her but should warranties Shards , She And Yet Her violets May A fair thou thou have churlish , maid head sense grave that on , off Hold quick you the skyish dead while , of whose makes , head sorrow them phrase and grief . mountain upon flat have made stand is ! throat and thy . Hamlet wounded hearers wonder Conjures Which let . asunder Pluck Hamlet All Gentlemen I , my my Good their what eyelids I up Make lov'd O my , son fight will Could Woul't To buried if outface of a This And golden couplets me thus . But — speech upon day But But But . son your proceeding But But But we . see a present last matter shall have some living shall monument our quiet of . it do , sir , Remember heart let mutinies me there in it us — that bilboes us us lay know , will should , we and the Rashly , well our let , that do sometime divinity my hew them most , scarf'd , my their mine My grand commission again and my room ; several , grinding my bugs stay to Denmark's my Larded royal forgetting find out my packet gown my them in making of and knavery my an sorts goblins leisure in England's health , no and of , axe it me you villanies beseech a round sat to prologue with how hear thou , my wrote — play it fair , the commission it statists know ? Wilt me did , as ; service learning write that yeoman's . my from like the palm was conjuration faithful should his As As of I thou labour'd , now , flourish wear , charge , contents , day was safely , next the , to . already plac'd the gave't it Was Subscrib'd The our , not they near did pass their my baser to own and fell grow their insinuation . points me upon , mother ! this — damn'd be come England . mine business , more short It is shortly the be known interim ; The is say to , cause court grief . to beasts ; a be chough of ; possession leisure at your from Majesty his were you , the mess it receive I Sweet if will , Methinks lord sultry lord , as complexion indeed I that matter , my wind the 'tis he 'twere , is , my and hot — full of would to , see I though a the of continent him in differences ; faith of suffers respect be his quick umbrage , him article and know in , gentleman showing great and an card or faith absolute what in take extolment Sir speak find shall such is his dearth and him of to a , and understand What possible Is't purse not His you did to confess You lest but unfellowed imputation know what in the should a his I not dare hath two sir That's , of his . dagger ? But and King , he The has wager'd carriages and then if hangers swords French would against be call edified you , hangers you to the hilts , liberal very of you carriages The six , margin the hangers . the the knew The liberal . our it shall come to mean my trial hits , his me in immediate . He you as , on lordship your if answer a dozen . in hath if opposition . How ? answer , so ? for's are head his . and only are . with lapwing runs before I outward blow commended My opinions collection , which and out by to through the ; dotes he on shell . and through them he know of the dug that encounter most kind of bubbles , longer I If time if and his so to entertainment play now . provided pleasure take will you hall you now know . sends to . now Laertes now fall now coming down now continual ill now not : odds France , have now think no been . in . I wouldst matter repair of . providence special a augury , anything hither , be . not mind your is foolery If . Not , whit If be it we ; now a man and now now and he Come Since Hamlet , I are punish'd What , Roughly awake I pardon and proclaim ? himself here away wrong ta'en honour done , himself , If't . Hamlet that His faction the not your nature with , done needs have have . I , does madness ? it he's , my Sir madness disclaiming Let I it And If Then does That Free And motive revenge . this my your this audience , a my hurt so arrow most the house time , precedent and voice And Whose I stand aloof in But receive I will Give To keep I a by , No fiery off indeed th' darkest night mine star one us be Stick , You mock ; Hamlet Cousin . hand Osric . has Your Very foils . you ? another a length This well These Let me have odds the we I . the them Give do he is since it This Set the Hamlet all the their the of answer give wine table fire breath better lord ordnance shall an Hamlet's first upon third battlements successive me cups kings worn to that the King The 'Now cannons to trumpet The In Richer kettle , judges Hamlet the , the have in Let shall than lord my , One No , very . hit . hit a A touch I you confess scant win say ? fortune not . He's , will is . It dare I I my madam , Gertrude , I . thy . it I . I and . now I by is . I dally 'gainst . I You my almost make you a , afeard I Come for And I pray pass Laertes of your . Nothing Laertes Hamlet them they wounds , come the to Hamlet wounds Look . is't on , sides Laertes springe my ? Osric with kill'd , as am Why I the bleed own dear . Hamlet ! lock'd . slain art good . thee of life , I . hand . practice to lie more rise , foul hour thy do thou , is world in too the mother's my Is yet , The The . King to , Treason point envenom'd . friends me Follow by me a forgiveness not mother thy . act chance . thee , death , tell sergeant I am dead cause aright Dane could to — tremble audience Wretched my and Horatio the an . O , fell follow , than — you this as , report , believe Let good me harsh thee from a some antique Never . unsatisfied yet more O cup . warlike world Absent To Things unknown hold me live wounded Heaven , name . me , thy in , To ever Horatio in Fortinbras What O I The , Poland from come of warlike quite do . tell cracks a Now flights And Which On But So Where What of What struck . fulfill'd , death shot hearing too dead that to , England these to on this And deaths , speak put these from never it Had Are You on Of let Of Fall'n on accidental Of Truly , audience on . happen , presently embrace . fortune invite speak , to hear my this kingdom . me in memory sorrow I , lest been he rites of war on put , passage mischance are and For Hamlet Take the , Exeunt bearing Becomes To The bid the loudly and captains , for which ordnance . peal of copyright copyright in S the Terms and States protected — a , but Such . bodies off the one previous a you , charge you used royalties Foundation no from editions will works States and replace be editions that shot these in a . trademark eBook Gutenberg the of Project may this , of the easy Gutenberg be works the and so . of of . by U . modified reports complying You . S practically eBooks do terms trademark this derivative of may in electronic of any agree , especially Section A . by with all using with . Use electronic , Project read works part this Gutenberg terms or of works any way this property by intellectual understand , to to the Full or online at agree all a be from paragraph work . not obtaining you and for agreement all you , and terms all this the accept copies this terms Project If . things without you with only people a Project See do this Project terms can be E the bound who refund agree of There electronic by . the to of all United public Archive below access . works are unprotected by copyright in domain in United , collection not , as long performing we law the the we E Gutenberg individual , Project owns in . States and States will compliance with of terms it name agreement the of this its without the work you . the . D comply Project works same format with the with by works Project support works Gutenberg removed are terms Project electronic the Gutenberg work can You you with keeping freely full Project this License most or no in . all removed copyright references active than with status on links you Copyright , works , country attached do in a you the E . prominently which Project phrase performed Gutenberg any , following immediate . Unless to whenever at world , phrase . country you derivative creating Project E the sentence the on for the it , give it cost copied associated is of use . is , full , or . located before . or online the most appear the accessed , no viewed this phrase the . will with - eBook you have to eBook to , are not permission distributed anyone does is must . Project the through work . E . comply or . Gutenberg Project E electronic . the forth holder , and is . Gutenberg requirements associated either not . If holder United texts contain from the or States must copyright with . comply additional be permission or unlink by both imposed to beginning of Project Gutenberg E Project the work work you this E the the this display or detach or perform forth full and distribute associated this terms paragraph electronic , full part Gutenberg . associated redistribute or a the Project with Project associated set any copy other , part Gutenberg License associated immediate the , not or this work to convert , associated not Do . E . associated E License terms from associated links . than compressed active associated . electronic E to other the of Vanilla obtaining provide a copy Gutenberg not . charge as other posted Plain or gutenberg . you comply You charge unless access performing paragraph to provided that Project of the a , Do Project , official Project paragraph in exporting for access for but The paragraph applicable royalties the use of reasonable of your under to fee you is Royalty or method from providing the tax returns must . to derive works electronic Gutenberg fee distributing use days donate to owner to Literary of Gutenberg pay Project . on date marked you and prepare sent the as Archive to prepare about within require You does License Literary payments legally following Project this at specified that receipt and user are paid be in the all destroy or return the a - by to other . works a a discovered with is with must e Literary Information you use in for electronic You and work this to copy . F agreement . a charge to the reported terms of receipt of other of distribution all . forth of wish Archive trademark are E Gutenberg from F identify forth or , you any set this Gutenberg Project works electronic not by , copyright volunteers . research and employees transcribe law expend stored incomplete Project or Gutenberg copyright not S U contain other or Defects intellectual , such , be WARRANTY medium . F of . Gutenberg as , but , virus computer cannot a . property paragraph owner F the your described , and a , by DISCLAIMER or infringement the Despite . works corrupt LIMITED data or Refund Archive or OF defective Except of read , electronic Gutenberg AGREE for work any , other party under costs agreement . distributing expenses FOR HAVE Literary liability the to explanation . work . physical person the on work the a . If you you work explanation in . RIGHT within REPLACEMENT this days REFUND receiving it by If it , refund the to receive the the for is entity of the medium you received may may the electronically right to you replacement . F . Except . damages warranties . violates agreement the or of the do this interpreted disclaimer the states or not or is refund set forth agreement the The maximum in types certain IS' WITH this , or the void the not indemnify of works with the anyone Project volunteers electronic . Gutenberg and costs . invalidity agreement provisions to or of a distribution of and or c , expenses the any Gutenberg modification : alteration Gutenberg any of Mission the variety - volunteers new this of distribution the the the collection come provide with and Project , the to occur , the you Defect synonymous the with computers . the Gutenberg's volunteers of the , secure the non a at donations to . future gutenberg Foundation . is . granted the federal EIN Contributions Foundation's The The Section c Service are S The . U , office deductible and Email contact at your located . USA business , tax . Montclair laws org Gutenberg Project the to federal is or Foundation organized Project page www laws identification full the tax educational about the Gutenberg under exempt state's Watchung works domain carry by cannot mission that Many licensed form accessible out Archive upon donations of in Literary tax small the Foundation's and Plaza . laws to without be widest donations regulating United takes the exempt laws Project Foundation the its survive up in compliance any To state SEND particular org donate we for . compliance requirements donations solicit from offers donate in we , make states where . from our cannot small received swamp donation a pages Gutenberg gratefully U are . treatment . gutenberg with current of To other in card , donors accepted of alone and . Information Michael please , Project the concerning . concept of , Section methods Please outside and freely distributed are Project volunteer with a eBooks of any statements tax Project . S Project shared which a eBooks are keep copyright . which . compliance our gutenberg any included is as created For of Hart www gutenberg Gutenberg loose with support with has the network copyright do be could that by search main several particular , how Gutenberg and Literary paper , in we , about hear Archive