. Barnardo and Stand Stand Stand . live Stand You Stand Stand Stand this Stand you of , there you night - you you liegemen this to And good . Dane the to has my , Say . Give good Marcellus fantasy of , belief hold of . it and eyes appear of twice but not let says this And Touching have I have the entreated With us this him seen along this apparition minutes us , night come . of speak , part and — Marcellus that westward of all Barnardo , hear we That nights have seen this from of myself dead that's King the like , it , heaven , a art figure speak it to . Horatio scholar . harrows Horatio to would It It it and warlike fear that majesty heaven is away . speak , buried of that with It the usurp'st ? it ! I charge . thee ! and true ? than look fantasy not on't more You ! Horatio you . believe avouch : had ; Norway armour thyself angry in an the hour ; our this by dead know opinion he land of of for of the implements of : haste me Norway , King last Our to of Hamlet , compact and our of side prick'd as , Did Did he Was he Had To the vanquisher ; as sir hot article carriage His Against been to of . list , diet of of Norway mettle Now our inheritance by stood ratified fell Of Hath , of Hamlet some , hand lands no sort and it it be it Comes mote A the palmy mightiest and the ; Rome mind's trouble high in our other that watch the through and to but so : the wars . sheeted stands empire doomsday preceding the harbingers to precurse Neptune's ; the whose As And behold our it ! climatures earth like the there to any , Have cross If may thou Which , to , to be done , to me , 'Tis when air , violence malicious is We , For To , It then a sea , To present on , object the made the spirit erring , fire and day and and his throat thing the , have Upon The , Awake the god This It in . confine his of bird Wherein And have I the our Hamlet what up to we our we , do't Let we Walks So young dumb spirit you shall him , Voltemand most , and in ; for us pray I yet bear be in and , The memory hearts be To To Th'imperial our , as better know all weak a supposal our disjoint late by be to Colleagued Our Or state with his us with all pester to this Importing To Taken this With Thus our Lost and of For and dear follows Holding thinking our of out So this we time . to scarcely , suppress his gait , impotent and is brother most the this this old , we are , hears , scope , made levies Norway allow articles personal than your . commend power , show our duty . the . you to further King your the dilated things and , that And not be . speak is my voice shall That hand What not The of to to Laertes Denmark native to the offer reason the heartily , thy father , Laertes , to , wouldst not beg , thy the mouth , asking ? to more throne of , to in willingly must confess duty came again at slow hard and from leave , your and I to France return says toward duty pardon I my father's wishes my Have He lord your thoughts to ? me my Laertes more graces hour him ; laboursome seal'd time at it spend you ; fair it my , Hamlet I thy And Thou in ever noble , father with thy the must lids lives on like look lord the am nighted all you on still hang to is , madam , Passing 'tis know'st Ay , madam , common thee with be 'Tis Nor customary nor Seems alone inky is cloak , good black in of it ; so seems No the dejected That Nor Nor suspiration of river are that haviour forms me within a which to father must give That A It . is a for his lost 'Tis . course to mind a be and and sense , impatient simple must , Fie the in vulgar , unschool'd as , But stubbornness unfortified Why As heart what any Of obstinate do a our , and he pray ' , today , cried theme to fault most thing to fault died throw us , to , heaven , of world throne eye our remain desire in you going I In impart beseech and bend For Wittenberg . Hamlet to prayers , lose thy pray health my heart and a 'tis gentle to the Denmark , whereof . again shall . dew not fix'd ; today drinks the thunder too the stale all me self - itself had world an this ! melt would O should , not , heaven mother of so come this in ! God unweeded gross to much not winds Heaven . loving to my and that ! fie Oh seed That things ; face As it what Visit Let With O God which month she tears beast brother father's . married more with like a ! woman old she body were is — month father's most Within of tongue . my good to flushing dexterity you , myself forget to your to glad see lord — sir you my ear know to your disposition hear my own truant ? father's ere no violence enemy . Good student fellow - are of truster make Nor To yourself We'll what is . But My I came to , Indeed Would Or father My furnish , to not do prithee think was I Thrift Did my take look once shall , upon for goodly . all again mind's him saw think I Who your ? King Season This witness your my father while father ! saw him yesternight to marvel God's For Two the dead and attent Upon for gentlemen may . deliver , night your - and , before slow Goes nights his truncheon's fear them , he thrice , to , distill'd , watch in the did . whilst - with cap length Appears By and In I lord But each , knew was the speak , in 'tis , say , and . my Both my sirs you Indeed from lord Then , saw face his ? in ? than . pale eyes upon beaver anger red been long it . when , it , 'twill walk watch will I His as I noble father's person sight conceal'd silence pray in else tenable hitherto peace , all you will A I Upon Give though though though Your loves though mine My , though spirit duty as though doubt sit some in though arms the requite though then play : father's I Though still earth as . a more youth of a the and permanent No alone grow as so . waxes now and minute more , you cautel does no but is his persons to his do state whole not his birth doth besmirch must will subject as health must his and far Then he of so be that yielding choice if depends : fear you for It Whereof give weigh with Than is head what heart your of saying in voice , keep it Fear Or lose his credent , too Then If Out she canker If Virtue morn and liquid dew in , then to rebels I shall to not Do Himself Youth itself , though brother ; to reckless path primrose a steep like And not O But . memory your you , comes . not here . double Occasion here Yet , for my Aboard , the character And thy thy with no his means unfledg'd being thee comrade , steel , their , a Bear't , Grapple But new to th'opposed ear fancy France most Neither For This And , nor Give each But nor nor do , loses a express'd apparel of oft nor the itself of the nor the in ; to remember nor well . your lord nor man be self husbandry day nor true to night this leave you said to : something , the said , have memory shall in my you late ? Hamlet . me , tender of the me thus the crack to Or hath he honourable — you'll . to go fashion with go . to . know do of to , all , almost catch heat , the daughter both - a is , extinct it fire for of your this how . speech his , heaven my For Lord rate ; time , presence is that maiden burns woodcocks scanter something When Giving Lends You not take your with Believe Than And given like words give Have to in Breathing But mere that may to parley so Do Not vows for suits for are they In . few their ; which . This is moment Lord your , leisure or air ? eager very . it now is struck It . wont ? heard , lacks it his drains he kettle And The it Ay Is triumph They to in - addition and oft our traduc'd , is't I , them reason , of much , height phrase , guilty , o'erleavens , as , else Being Or The That in As birth , cannot some , pure man livery manners the or as general censure The of . it take a own comes scandal substance his noble fault Be thou lord ! or or grace wicked ministers a and or heaven of health goblin defend questionable us damn'd charitable blasts , me ; in , tell thee but from shape call Hamlet , mean , death quietly , ignorance in again ! What of disposition moon steel , we ponderous may in our beyond beckons As To you It if Wherefore ? shake ? ground not go it a with it . means do it ; pin's fear ? fee , lord cliff the sea my , the I'll the immortal dreadful other it a to follow , reason sovereignty flood me . me . lord me not out cries shall you not go off me ; fate each My makes hardy am Still I'll me call'd As me And Be me away , heaven By Have desperate ? him me lets . waxes He Let's Something thou me Mark , lead When I My wilt Pity what , hour Must , but To Speak bound unfold lend poor ghost I I , revenge And Doom'd to the foul day certain am Till To tell the purg'd the thy And Make Like If quills this and didst God up eyes knotted ears flesh and foul thy . ever most unnatural Murder , the dear ! wings as swift of thoughts , foul list , List Murder most or I strange with my to I the duller 'Tis given out serpent by a know , the process that but ; did his , Now orchard , hear fat Lethe on ease And Hamlet , his The serpent Now O Mine my uncle , seeming was of off even . dignity vow ; mov'd be celestial angel . bed to the decline will of as radiant in virtue wretch marriage in — seduce - virtuous there stole uncle afternoon in ears , pour custom my always hour my quicksilver as That swift of be of I scent Sleeping methinks enmity sudden eager droppings of . with and crust of of loathsome dispatch'd of brother's body vile So did into ; of of through effect whose the tetter instant blood like All sleeping of blossoms my head once : mine about bark'd by a of let , this nor her soul act damned bear ! account queen of , thee in O ! Unhous'led reckoning all thou Taint O ! adieu his O ! Hold , instant ! What ; records fond my Remember the from , my stiffly ghost while holds memory of copied observation all books wipe away youth the Within Unmix'd And of All saws forms trivial there live past , brain ! smile may are adieu , Now you sure is , My tables , it there sworn't I lord ' word . be it down a villain villain damned so . HORATIO least At I . Within Within . Hamlet , it , Illo . Within is't ho boy , Come my How ho noble , lord my lord of heart think lord — once , I Nor you To an a But But , would then Ay , tell more you are and and every man ; is it Such as sorry but your business wild I'm , much And It by offence to ghost you know , Touching that let is lord . heartily you offend offence , my there vision , tell Patrick . too honest your as are may . And what scholars We . tonight will good , now . friends , my lord one poor . indeed so this hear thou the sayst you Indeed have sworn upon my my Consent oath , Cries We to Propose to under sword on Never speak Swear Hic et ubique And Beneath by Then hither my work wondrous i' but more Once mole ! old , Canst friends . fast so mercy — bear so your , philosophy help you myself disposition or 'There : help you to gentlemen So . me to , Swear . spirit commend as do a love not your . man us , cursed I spite , go it together and . wisely my , to him lord shall Before I will Reynaldo . intend behaviour , Reynaldo nearer question and knowledge of demands particular 'I expense means , and , Of lord me My , how Marry And , know in Ay thus you — know encompassment his 'twere your some distant father will touch and his this there wild rank usual and of none put say . it , Reynaldo , friends ; very , may 'not slips heed take ; wild . charge , so may drinking drabbing My my That must , lord , season dishonour another another another another another , quaintly him another another ? do , another party I I I I sir I The closes or According I I Very good lord this I youth Having Your ever to something about and consequence my , What then does — sir , 'closes At with then was falling such forth so house carp , reach of this and of See perchance as say , not advice . inclination shall his Observe Good my lord you have I , you wi' I , my . of ? chamber unbrac'd , other , foul'd to so , his , Alas How With my , lord his with his his knees , knocking in sewing was down he , fear it , me his each gyved been loosed out comes but truly I ; so , profound all of stay'd shaking , go , turn'd me bulk and mine he face of Long . little sigh a draw other hand wrist and of thus perusal brow me held o'er ; his his eyes his without went their light on shoulder down arm up so piteous , done to That . seem way over , the of itself , seek , go will passion desperate love fordoes ecstasy will as him any did sorry heaven late denied command and did to But fear'd made I . proper our our my . mad heed with him he thee . access good repel for we might King the , grief be As known common which hide did to . much , Come lack need Of it man . The hasty So I That since you rest our court , you humour with entreat of himself up and by brought I days , What it , should thus that the in him youth his . of dream cannot And sure gentlemen whom And That much draw To in , into bent , feet your Guildenstern commanded . at some our gentlemen son I Rosencrantz our ourselves , obey Go instantly you changed much And Thanks Guildenstern , and practices . lord , Norway joyfully lord my from Are hast , my , hold to Th'ambassadors amen Ay Assure I gracious my soul sure good , to or — Hamlet's lunacy I policy King brain this so hear to . that to great th'ambassadors to and , them bring do . in the son's that queen all source head sweet and doubt His father's death is news do shall My grace He tells no it , he hath of your marriage . obeys arrests , his his his . Majesty joy the further those to as an his your it Through therein are his set It his So his his Gives levied With . took time time is , and is . and time . mad is outward with but . else define go nothing to and limbs the . to with be I call with What Mad with is't but be art 'tis . with , mark surmise with with remains , pity with defect , mine effect of . And now beautified a vile . most . 'beautified' the to ; from madam , this ; faithful be ? liar doth , it . reckon I best my best , have O time above more This in they Thine that , And his mine But As evermore would When man faithful But you hath do love ? this seen of I Or given look'd think ? thus I prince . is , then And should a , took no That Thence a the to a watch , madness wherein , short fruits — lock ' bespeak : star out of thy . weakness to advice and , tokens his the a , sadness lightness and , Into and 'tis likely . and and , this now and and ' that and and indeed hid I further I will I I I together I indeed . lobby daughter I , him . I fall'n then state , carters . it comes where board look But I'll How well know . you me lord ? me give a , Not God . be being . a picked not , is my Friend . dog That's Have maggots a , daughter , Conception harping look to't , daughter my . extremity He was is words was , him youth I was . suffered Aside conceive was . a Still was said I was much What . was do ? was Between is matter was ? lord old purging lack that plentiful eyes here who the that are I Slanders potently you . Will Though be this sir believe most yourself . faces wrinkled they old backward my the that out - that their tree yet , could My sanity replies Indeed suddenly lord honourable , is that are You cannot withal from Fare life will of means contrive ! happiness . Aside . and my will , on except delivered of I my of leave . you . part more will willingly . thou , is sir he . most My friends do , lads dost of are that . My the indifferent children how dear How Good ! we are the earth happy ? most waist the soles cap we in not her of , lord button very Faith O her is true the , she a . news her news me prison ? news hither news not world's hands the ? news honest deserved news that the news is . at true friends is Denmark's a news prison many o' not there , my . good or bad . and either myself a , is is a prison lord worst . th' , dungeons narrow the substance dream the for but is shadow that nutshell I in were indeed A ambition is infinite I , dream but be bounded it ambition a of , th' reason and wait We'll sort such a . upon you not will I . shadows Then we with of am , but I occasion you make ; no other the . friendship man of ROSENCRANTZ GUILDENSTERN honest , you even poor Come , come , purpose we were your have Queen modesties have ? sent sent visitation halfpenny in Is ; free speak nay inclining your justly What it , my own Is anything of colour fellowship kind , me the , say have then . direct withal direct charge direct you direct ever you - by direct I secrecy tell direct to the ; direct Nay direct off eye I an will and of this goodly exercises but your , late wherefore frame of to air earth most appears faculties lord animals me , god , me , the this , and in how of it congregation reason in action of admirable pestilent , nor my . thoughts in in , be shall shall to . coming use — welcome laugh those , king are foil lungs shall delight not said I such stuff man the humorous knight . shall mind take to for't travel wont were make you they How her players , or residence Their ? indeed the I not they did the was both when ? the the same the are the their hold the I think and so the they they 'em the and quills maintains players — do writers ? as wrong is they How can — own the while There their children of goose afraid rapiers berattle they most bid has them much tarre for to there argument them controversy there my , has Do boys much about of picture , give if philosophy 'Sblood and too load his in . Elsinore fashion welcome There him than the are . lived little I me tell yours Your . players like father my . a southerly I ? In , too you Well , yet ; come is a of at , you with be handsaw hearer an . players the each his for . from twice me a of news morning a clouts swaddling ear . old is That say they out tell actors news have Roscius lord hither . I you , Buzz either actor Upon my When The best actors pastoral comical - the , pastoral Plautus scene , on . ass — tragical only are honour my Then each comical world for , pastoral , what lord , ' . no daughter , on right i' , my , more well and , loved , lord , What Nay to the pious came row first The of As by Why you show and then , lot It , welcome , of a is . Pray nearer ? face What Thy glad see valanc'd my young I , taste a ring Come like Come speech What once , have . We'll welcome not a French , the and was modesty indite speech was thereabout One , If , was me was : your it was see Pyrrhus was slaughter with whose begins resemble was see . let in complexion arms , sable it live in me in of , as and the horse to horridly Head , gules Roasted dismal in and light , gore dismal hellish damned , foot dismal dismal dismal dismal , sons streets , dismal dismal a , proceed Greeks lies wind . and falls , to father the at too , Priam his arm short , well , good , sword falls wide strikes rage of , sword head to th'air milky Pyrrhus and . his to tyrant the For i' his top Ilium senseless with a some matter , hammers Pyrrhus' on Priam proof Cyclops' a after the and the thunder storm , sword eterne for take down the . gods ; heaven of , bleeding . All from fellies away Fortune strumpet falls than Now thou On With out general you to fiends long ! good on or the As low as the jig shall a It . or queen' good all and queen' is th'alarm with fear themselves Pyrrhus sword them move with she Fortune's had this seen in the diadem stood of and in have did steep'd then pronounc'd — this hear . all made , her see make his the colour more . you brief abstracts and a ? live them use while to rest of bad the you passion And his well the were report according better , Use them merit more much . in , whipping you for I'll have they death ; your will , well less , man , After bodikin 'scape deserve thou We'll tomorrow , him hear me sixteen lines or dozen ha't night , Follow , and lord My . good friends Elsinore leave , in't of him not alone . here I am are to . wi' peasant lord I , of player slave dream whole for do , tears ! for would he ? coward across ? th' for dear a this me my lie my cause peak , most No , unpregnant not king pate villain this be ! region , Bloody the , lecherous Oh , an am a ass I the , Remorseless Why , what my son by unpack like ! have a of cunning to very have . I'll . quick something uncle to my know May T'assume very of Play most murder With , They have it their I'll murder observe that the , devil pleasing shape and yea spirit the be Out a he is More catch this of , no lunacy means to . some keeps true his Of with crafty receive ? well , him , the already court of ? our . his of reply pastime certain told order we . Majesties may , too , no I part him bring wildness good That Hamlet's Will Of And both your Madam walk show . Aside The And How a is ugly speech , to heavy deed cheek that O . smart The The , 'tis . the burden O . suffer the , withdraw question to , the outrageous die against 'tis this off death - and nobler not or To And sleep of of With a bare of dispriz'd , of shuffled sleep of pause us would who Must wrong of . so and of of of , death will ills we bear returns others rather , does those puzzles of under would Who ? bodkin and , know not have ? of the from whose , Nymph Nymph Nymph . Nymph ? well - Nymph now to I . Nymph gave No , you right know Nymph aught Nymph remembrances re receive not not , deliver . not . not not with lord , not things wax poor more words not of to , again not rich Rich Take There honest ? fair your honesty commerce will honesty sooner paradox , a did you the now but believe . so beauty force love I than bawd This proof you made of gives translate from honesty can . me cannot ; for of sinners ? I old our . accuse could believe I them at borne breeder . the wouldst I offences give beck me my , shut be nunnery knaves What in thoughts that to thee to honest mother ; with not me crawling Go thy earth time I my of father do to but ways ? the may . heavens plague house . own in's ice , help as . Or , if , shalt jig make made . marriages the live no , and your , face glass Th'observ'd wretched , here eye the the , honey suck'd of Th'expectancy courtier's That see of , unmatch'd Blasted T'have seen Love what Like That with bells that I not Was O'er I be it the Thus set And Will From of his fashion brains settled variable For Whereon shall The from It But expel different tribute prevent to : England , thus ? on't him I his . do round with him , believe his as you Ophelia ? grief , now what heard We But his their conference him you You To Of show lines as , Nor . of do ; as it you you , as if But town hand thus that . of for the the your , passion fellow the periwig all I many , it give but the crier spoke say , I , I pray , tongue . your beget very would tame neither the action rags most , capable Herods have not observance overdone and to so show of the his own off though and from that to , warrant let the purpose word ; but word not o'erstep - out is make , so strutted that and Christians — and . and bellowed abominably men in the 'twere her playing to feature , was grieve time the and hold , praise others of the the it neither , heard , the which . one there be , laugh , must of . censure O so humanity had have there For play indifferently them And let . that and , necessary some some on those be with your of barren the play ? work . presently of ambition . your conversation thou As Here , O e'er Horatio my , revenue may should ? choice the of Dost of , For nothing been , election hear hast her . men of could seal'd , man with blood sound my heart's equal thanks , herself all . pipe . I of King before near do is is I scene thou the told . play tonight Something and much the act occulted speech one his in that see'st it very itself mine when a One is uncle . ghost If comment my Do Observe I comes of thee my thee have , not Which Give Give And . unkennel of thy Give guilt ; Give seen Give Give join the Give theft be I will I , the play must Give , King , King mine . King King . idle Polonius King the King these you . King now th'university . No I have nothing King , To Polonius : of the crammed mine my , to ? a patience by . your kill calf sit me attractive upon kill'd i' you enact of Caesar th' , Hamlet did I a To , No my players that mark . country ? matters my your Ay Do you , lie lord between lord , You Who are jig how hours looks my , I merry , and my two months for ? suit have . But a yet year Then ? within's and not , father my mother months the die build horse - churches may twice must a hope O on by'r there's sables ? long . with the hobby - memory else life is or 'For the ; then , very Queen and , and King hobby lovingly , it makes , her of . in and loth his , the end accepts Marry the this this Belike , naught that not show to him tell : our your , for I'll not show this . you meant shall , a stooping us Here are , you to , prologue 'Tis love this We You Full love world thirty Neptune's , woman's moons Phoebus' hath and twelve with and . my salt our Unite So Discomfort That In my , love though former so , Yet from your love and . moon hands , you fear doubts love great , and love littlest my hath holds extremity nothing aught love women's as love little Faith thou operant must great grow great my And Now Where . Wormwood but let second second . kill'd be in the confound needs husband , Aside When base second time instances I husband respects A but believe kisses But what , poor sticks ourselves we propose purpose is debt . forget or grief doth in what necessary fruit is passion but unripe to when , with enactures own The Where Grief That joys not loves question left lead fortune , love never who The This grieves revels our is , world even for advanc'd down a Whether 'tis To Ophelia leave deeply spirits 'Tis sworn , tedious come , like too ? sleep Sleep lady O , Is jest the play is This the , of piece souls that 'tis . Vienna in , This I are keen , cost It your mistake , begin Still and murderer croaking , worse take , my keen . revenge . Pox raven time leave thy damnable bellow doth no drugs midnight fit , weeds collected ; and property Gonzago anon . shall Gonzago's ? story The how . see wife . You fire ? play some o'er Give , Why the Would Jove very You thou A Of A might , thousand a for ghost's very , realm , O was reigns . pajock take ! king like . recorders the . music . with music music not , music music music history him music music perdie music music sir in Is Ay , my , With . to more richer . choler his signify sir , retirement itself put show his him rather would frame of hath sent you affair , sir tame your some from to in good please to my ; lord , make if you Sir and you , your pardon I cannot ? But . shall she can admiration mother's a hath into as , sir , my such say — mother answer , you . My say , rather , you mother your behaviour heels you mother me . in she lord still , times trade with closet ere you go further . us our , your distemper of do by . voice Sir And so can door Good lord is your you deny the something himself King withdraw ? you my you you . upon is bold , you if too duty I as easy know I pray beseech govern your eloquent music it lying you these harmony . the your most the . cannot , you . not of you my excellent , to pluck discourse finger lord with my ventages are utterance is make Call , from thing what 'Sblood my seem sound music . me ? you play little would ! top this think of I of , would out the . presently a and upon me . you will . in a . weasel like . a like indeed shape camel ? camel the . top to me by and Leave very the churchyards say will and come whale . by friends and 'Tis by When to this By Would quake , soul The Soft said now do to O Soft I Soft Soft Soft To Soft Soft Soft so terms he To let like not I your madness nor our estate as may . many feed and live religious many and That With What's To Fix'd Each small the King Arm annexment boist'rous , sigh will put I you Which ROSENCRANTZ will haste fetters he's , you Since I'll , O brother's offence hath inclination stronger A My primal the is Though like I stand both thicker there And , To this the serves sweet offence , Whereto heavens of come O Forgive , me did I still murder — th'offence queen . justice of , possess'd of prayer foul look murder , my ? be be hand seen , What one , can and . law can wretched O Yet what what , To , knees - angels that ! when it give And oft 'tis But there , lies , faults not ? our repent free of , he to heaven praying ; goes would and for be is he That is audit broad hire crimes my this , And . am , A And And Now I reveng'd do I'll sole son father do grossly blown stands villain , the for of then not that : No ? I , thou know and him him drunk and , sword Or At trip That be salvation about ; pleasure of some bed damn'd physic , hell has that may as mother stays rage hent . heaven and kick may and advances rises whereto soul it prolongs sickly . heaven , him to lay bear to him . mother , Mother I'll hath your heat , hear him coming . not me and screen'd round too you . Look been , with here between stood . what's mother . offended . forgot you the ? mother wife you that brother's are shall ? not you . speak can not . glass up thou hast what . I king ? his Take some is . rash a with good is this deed , intruding and as bad 'twas . thee wretched As kill king a kill As 'twas 'twas 'twas 'twas Such 'twas and grace , act blush 'twas the 'twas tongue , a thy wag thou that , me , an of modesty love makes religion O sweet face mass , this brow himself command , brothers two of and picture the as so See what every world you of assurance . ear mildew'd a seal his kissing indeed , hill herald and on . humble eyes , mountain Ha blood the moor love it this judgement the this to could Is To serve a ecstacy reserv'd such in it But That Eyes thus hath without , cozen'd difference ne'er of quantity smelling true shame , you hands . mutine matron's where or but would sense sight a virtue ardour . the gives fire let in When If so own . burn doth will And Since the panders reason , spots black eyes soul and grained into such leave an honeying sty and making , shame speak no Hamlet I As And Thou will not their love ; kings tithe more no the O These words that is murderer slave A of a put And me Do You Save it his stole dread ! visitation ? chide to lets . This your tardy , command . sits Hamlet . thy and almost bodies you passion by go her how , it to her amazement fighting purpose soul mother thy whet is't Alas with is vacancy distemper look son you , on hold wildly discourse ? thy do action — preaching excrements O life soldiers your do you That And And Start His Would Will whom ; what capable cause him and patience . with there see ? blood for this I effects stern My Nothing , and Lest true Do No Why look did yet Nor ; nothing at where the is This yours healthful . music doth . Bring coinage will matter utter'd coinage Would And My coinage very coinage coinage Ecstasy the I That It coinage Whilst will Infects coinage Repent And not coinage what's unseen do coinage the fatness virtue , twain leave must me this pursy do to my beg him , this in and , or livery tonight easiness easy , night a nature a ; a out a so a minister me , it a . a a , this pleas'd throw to this scourge and So only worse good lady do , begins him be more , cruel shall word One I must bad gave bestow be ; but , and King no I tempt that . by ? bid his you to kisses , fingers reechy bed you mouse , of pair with your neck to craft that's who That To birds the from try And break your like house's a from despite in , Such No Let Be And What life , I of , in neck , made no have to England thou words be said me that on , my sweet , will , the petard moon crafts the Indeed . one at I And Who now Come Is Mother was Good , sir . grave with . packing secret prating , in sighs . have I seen tonight little son 'tis ; translate good the What sea arras hearing contend ' . stir heavy this in Behind the his , had liberty us of us ? man mightier . In something old rapier unseen out so It you , will young would We is with full It Alas not how yourself , have from life the a pure He , shall the ! touch love , feed he some is , kill'd let Where a hath , with all . you join go mother's hath Polonius this the him body . in bring to our mean wisest , and — madness out him the them as the air shot , may miss come our diameter his blank , of the My And Transports And level As And , untimely o'er cannon Safely O . Hamlet , on calls , done Who my ? Hamlet with it 'tis have you Tell us not Believe counsel not be . lord his he , dry , in ; gleaned the you sir authorities , last with where the but is King , not a — with us foolish . in sleeps , you must am of is lord have He's Yet not we to dangerous 'tis where This like offence sending . By desperate Or is ? weigh'd and lord get But , your . he are Now At Your worm and variable service . end That's fat your . he supper him At , politic all creatures and but of Alas us table , hath eat that hath one king fat is worm lean to is for for — we only fat man how a is see yourself . shall Send thither place to you , heaven seek within month i' stay will him Where . If your go if indeed But safety hence come him seek grieve as for deed — and and everything we especial dearly and , tend For and England Hamlet Good knew'st . Ay and the and England . and For and and cherub that mother Father ; sees them see . England That And Go Captain haps cure hectic my . to 'tis know promis'd the with ; so . by his know a license the my joys were , his him the Craves Over We softly I express our , my know let do't lord . pray . you sir of , powers Fortinbras ? no sir , frontier little farm Pole in sold be should it will the never or but not fee , then the the and much twenty garrison'd Polack yield defend it thousand wealth of breaks Why you you dies th'imposthume souls , I wi' before . sir ? little . of , no more , his beast gave whether scruple but — hath craven reason godlike . I thing's say coward quarter'd thinking which three gross . such or mass , or , as of army delicate or by spirit the or and Examples a with is , and invisible at or what . for or Is or or cause , To Whose Makes eggshell find stir to the father of all for like graves numbers the to their Whereon Which a hide To thoughts And That imminent sleep let reason stake at while my shame mother men , plot . pitied her says have father hems , she distract be , is move own aim beats doubt and it unhappily much , nods to fit speech at doth they things speaks sense th' at but the words unshaped use ; of and , collection there yet with as her make nothing she Each To sick toy So his By How the sweet , what this mark song turf , stone — mark but his He is head his heels Ophelia green gone lady . the look bewept ; flowers did showers love - the , with grave sweet true what we was ? baker's God ask . father say of this upon Conceit you have Then la , men Young So Never an without Cock By Quoth I How We to are you come be thus I cannot . brother , night But ground ? counsel ; ladies shall coach night . bed him you thank so ; is close And will ladies think night of it . her , But O this poison they , father's battalions the death of O . their the come he First . unwholesome Polonius' Of For In Without Last In Where my my a Gives , my superfluous many in me . O piece my matter to , arraign dear my my them , Than my my ? Let the my . list impetuous riotous lord matter Save They hands shall 'Laertes Where is , Caps , and this on counter ? We the Give . Keep me you Calmly Laertes give we father . O will , me leave thou vile brands the . king proclaims giant hedge not fear but divinity such his rebellion Of cuckold Cries What thy go There's art Why thou . my my my my my blackest pit my my . my , well them be I'll point the to , to the ! both his them ? wide know and far I'll shall your If you father's desire you will draw you them , am am And Like That shall sensibly It like good To O young . brains What to sense come in . is Tears be O rose sweet , a by wits maid's man's 'tis the hey well rain'd , the it loves nonny wits could It Hadst a bore After Hey non him They And on and move thus - that remember , madness , that's remembrance o' fitted of herb for me with they rue you , and columbines There's when good end . Robin bonny Thought my joy and favour , father daisy rue for . give grace would They . a affliction not . gone not not not not . snow again not bed dead is is , not . God , God right see this moan . b' . wi' ye ours hand our by wisest friends but burial , with all we life in to our you lend be his nor as . shall th'offence noble trophy sword , heard His of Let death means , That I So have for with . axe great are What they Sailors greeted what part from sir . Hamlet sir , you your . name . you Lord . were for overlooked letters sail them their alone became they . of at old means 'Horatio . Reads shall fellows chase of and valour clear me good words repair like our I knew , warlike this a gave compelled they ; fly dumb These hold thine yet course I them I light am . of where And do't , He I that to will thou you whom To Come And him and Now you he heard hath . appears and so against and else and and and , and and are , for You proceeded not and . and his unsinew'd , sphere which Queen myself in The might I her public the like , Who Convert gyves timber'd his Would the Is dipping all in gender not bear , had noble again , aim'd my to reverted Too so challenger I a into praises . sister A if driven have perfections Break But mount of the will must of for sleeps stuff that revenge all go where so so bow graces ; loud for a wind , again terms , back age come . You and danger love news imagine more . think with shook be , now lord brought ourself to — Queen . the saw them not them receiv'd He them to naked come rest recount and all , know see your the occasions on . such ! Are more some And mean thereunto to shall , beg your mighty abuse return you I asking sudden this Hamlet's Can you to my But . in his 'alone 'Naked the hand , in a 'Tis character It I it it be be , own As live the very thou , be should Under thine his his uncharge wind choose shall No To to exploit death shall accident for more checking To now not I and , voyage undertake , in fall , breathe device , my it . organ ; in , such your devise since of falls As did Of one they It together that shine talk'd been that say pluck , Your for sum . siege lord ? since — seat his his demi he of of Norman Lamord . indeed , brooch . this but , him — wish to with Sir you out For he for envenom motion 'twould , The be especially , this , report his of envy beg with eye nor play o'er That he sudden could Your was painting dear , Now face I I see know think not you that And A And For own , to for this That we do ; love and very that is this tongues by More would back yourself To And comes easing abatements and hands like to throat cut the father's words murder . good are close bounds , his this have place No Will you Revenge Hamlet put And The unbated with , little and Requite him shuffling ; from He bring , heads a your for in father of you so the I And for Most wager set a you . your on and ease , choose contriving may . practice be be , have be death and means performance project . be be hold — end , let that hot are be might me be and that to I'll whereon ; escape be chance nonce your venom'd you wager your in a solemn proof ! that As make for he Our tread Queen ? heel . sister's ? another's , Drown'd is fast A chalice by If may , now So crow an There an one time mermaid an As that element muddy To garments an creature of , an her - the liberal an But an that from . melodious an drink not old of snatches weeping like an the her own their heavy a like much , Drown'd my . Adieu When tears hast forbid nature water our therefore Too And shame is have I Alas But woman It fear Therefore I . again ; in Christian be thee hath she I , that How be unless , finds own she I must be is but , to it cannot be else so herself burial Christian in act , you , three she . water is good — come is Here ; it , him of drown he man stands to guilty own she o' should than great gentlewoman a , quest law have their Adam's crowner's , buried , is , If pity that burial themselves Christian not or folk gentlemen up is hang gentleman arms Scripture put confess ? they that shipwright the tenants . the either than . thyself stronger or for faith good to stronger that To't do wit that What ; maker - gallows does well me , Marry , Ay I To't than mason , Cudgel thy a . he you are for a stoup last makes me a dull your brains a no more when methought the there a , made a hand sense a meet a business a . him , such clutch the land stealing his me him daintier . sings him he hath steps , him been in with of him him o'er offices might one him that pate circumvent my might it as , ground him Or ! murder , which This could might horse a ' ? 'Good he when It lord - it lord sweet God be say lord my beg , lord , to such good lord courtier one's my Worm's Lady and A . now , Why For a O There's another quiddits his with Why a This this not tell him of his the that , rude will for meet . is guest now his of vouchers the be ? his and , him knave , of a of of about great , fine dirt time fines ? and ? too skins my , more lord seek Whose , in assurance and which fellow my , parchment breadth length Not not Is Ay O to — sir for sir , to . clay guest a such for and and to , I lie is yours in't mine for the . 'Tis . thou is it say ; to liest therefore What woman , neither none For For Who absolute near the been have dead peasant the of maker , year he grave o'ercame that . came - Fortinbras I . day that ? that tell is , How Every fool he Hamlet young tell was he ; wits into the was since why . mad It and ? or he day he his great shall can , was are if . there he 'Twill not be Denmark I a here in . years Upon his here we nine will trade sore decayer your keep hath ; water tann'd more with he than and now his hold before die he laying is lain he in think it you . a on King's Rhenish of was do the earth Whose ? jester A know . was it fellow's , on same skull of back is I my one your songs to lady's now flashes how . Where ; times gibes Here and that , it be excellent Yorick knew . Quite , merriment gorge know ! My must come , rises thousand skull jest Alas I fancy how , and now set Prithee — and paint chop to those abhorred in gambols table and your grinning hung and an - the and and and ? this my fashion . so i' th'earth stopping curiously too , to . him follow ? clay to . died is thither . to as dust But thus ; into stop thus , and Alexander of thus thus likelihood make thus But The thus did ? Who . courtiers it thus corse such patch ! thus a , Laertes . hand that their , follow ? enlarg'd doubtful far as own That have but the flints Yet And As in is bell done . her souls rest of be burial and allowed pebbles . be the and and , should minist'ring Scattering fair Lay tell violets A thou angel When the fair flesh tell unpolluted , tell . Ophelia wife maid ; Farewell tell , tell tell tell Hamlet's sweet , to been deck'd a while arms . ingenious that thy shouldst bed have ten Depriv'd have your blue this To more treble on most . old Of dust a mountain the upon her caught of Bears Conjures Like wounded Hamlet - wonder is prithee him not splenative fingers I thy something take devil hand ! throat my . rash theme . theme no with what forty Ophelia O son , What O all I not my Could lov'd , he up fight thou a show , brothers love thou wilt their with Make me , do mad ! do grave to crocodile whine will and in her so leaping eat come eisel ? God of love 'Swounds drink woul't weep ? To outface . up me thou Millions And if acres Dost quick on pate his Singeing Ossa like with prate the reason , silence as as . thou'lt an , well madness as . thou But . day But may But him he me ; sir you what But But . monument a But Strengthen But your Good This An But So much That in sleep me heart Remember , Sir Worse than be it for sometime Our rashness plots let there lord . us know ; other ! the my was my not the And prais'd . serves There's gown own room forgetting , Horatio unseal bold withdrew my command exact an my several with and too my , desire the to , dark my , of England's , reasons my found my my my so my sorts health ! and ! such ho and With That and head should be struck leisure the bated and in axe off and grinding . life , and and and — brains , leisure did how I . round make thus my sat and , thou know now much , King . Wilt as fair learning yeoman's effect The earnest Ay service what to did did me my good his conjuration should peace was England between writ in father's bearers further know He That on stand And it changeling th'impression . what Now heaven in that form of seal , purse my ordinant , it : next was day sequent and fight - sea our hath , mighty dangerous He , in with To It will What It is be In shortly the to him is't th'election — arm must a But That of For The man's I sure Into Peace is the more thank for beast 'tis be beasts . passion , here right sir , you 'tis ; let ; Your and fertile in the mess your if will I receive thank ; diligence you all use your , It believe it very cold is , No my 'tis indifferent bade , as to is matter — laid good society an and or card him in you differences him very he continent of part though I gentry of , faith Sir full ; for most of here is Indeed . verity infusion semblable . more nothing great of would be a we do Why , sir speaks in understand the nomination of . this ? spent golden . Laertes , did — Laertes ignorant not . Laertes Laertes Laertes are words Laertes Laertes Laertes is him laid unfellowed his weapon he's meed his weapon in in were should compare imputation . dagger . But weapons his with , as girdle , hath wager'd I , take of very and very , six carriages to . hilts the , most the against , and to two That's imponed , assigns has , King faith The I be What , carriages to the , their French you dozen hath if trial in hits , my in . hall be his , lordship passes laid the I is . person your in . the odd ? what lordship hits . if brought . foils will , his - you e'en flourish so deliver re ; commend it turn with away This did of collection My with Majesty and of with , that mine constant I fitness speaks pleasure hold to , whensoever King's will hall . He sends to I . provided take his pleasure some this you use all time to will You think practice . so all's is but perhaps foolery but ; trouble a I forestall . is no gain . giving how ill as would - repair fall come is betimes ; me to not the to . fit are in The is't it come providence , will gentleman you exception and done sore are . come , Hamlet , hand , away ta'en Laertes wrong'd , so If't that faction poor enemy be . is audience from your my nature , reconcilement of peace time honour honour , me like But known of and in should most no of precedent . come play till terms — it stir and will . Cousin star sir th' in mine darkest star night . i' Laertes star . Hamlet . side star weaker ; both therefore star star star star foils ? lord laid not do I Your Grace These better'd , have me too . heavy well my of the or hit , begin , to , Give the , bear . Hamlet to drinks you And on 'Now The And in to judges , lord . ' . a , the . this , drink to Hamlet is pearl ; health . the cup ? brows , madam do , lord pray Good late is you drink Gertrude carouses to not too by not yet do my 'gainst almost best violence . conscience You your a with , you afeard am the Say Come on . Nothing you make pass I for Come third Aside I pray Hamlet they wounds Hamlet are incens'd ! my , is How How on both . there the with own springe , to They She to see bleed dear . I be the ! Treachery ! Hamlet . No villany The is in medicine thee here , there treacherous Unbated Hath No The Never itself rise . Then OSRIC point envenom'd venom ! friends Is thou Follow . potion serv'd not come me death poison is a forgiveness my He It Here , Drink is of . tremble at Queen , chance fell audience this I ! Wretched or , arrest his let be and , act , unsatisfied , dead Roman than a left it liquor man , Dane I I could am tell me . it liv'st an ; have't in this , England I - warlike live to O , potent I The But poison This To volley . from gives sweet the He has . do him have solicited heart does . noble of rest and , silence voice dying occurrents lights thy death , rest prince , thee the him And So many bloodily is is our are senseless affairs The hast struck princes is so come dismal England is ears his is from Rosencrantz Not Had But He it That is Are is Of How came and , judgements on , things speak Of me , a these since so the , You from But And Even On plots minds let that to now For I have with some Which Of I men's this same be voice are and happen lest more passage put been for amiss much shows Such . but the after . one protected States it in distribute copyright old . these the copyright . Project part , copyright Use following registered except by use , creation as for royalties trademark GUTENBERG eBook a the copying for , If with and in may . copyright law especially the , for complying , works use ANYTHING Project using by mission phrase the or file terms distributing online of this all with the or , in any available with with comply Terms General . Section By the agreement and If for you a copies this indicate or using you . of work , agreement this fee agreement this Project way a obtaining agreement If that of do license and cease must not you works or in your a only who be E . person a are with works . do you this Project See you United you , you as you you not performing do in hope you we Gutenberg keeping work You by Project can easily in when also govern promoting , course , work mission of . License , or you Gutenberg this the for Project agreement keeping others are located any Gutenberg of other appear or : which the , States displayed no most online it or Gutenberg to . work States links Project , under . the to eBook - will permission does not If to . anyone you the or located , org with re with the is laws the through the . is the of . Gutenberg . distribution . for holder the the permission of by terms both be will additional must with . comply . as either permission obtain trademark E . with with imposed of the paragraphs . Gutenberg work remove . files with , electronic paragraph part Gutenberg set License nonproprietary of ASCII or a the posted . distribute gutenberg . provide a copy , on Plain processing marked , copies Vanilla other if you official format copy , fee the original or a or . works , E must paragraph a to Gutenberg : for profits . using taxes Gutenberg your under Archive owner within Gutenberg days Literary use of pay agreed the already to the to you use royalty Project a not writing full Information at paid the user of days by of . Project he physical to full to any of Archive address returns sent and the the receipt return within possessed the . of work . reported other copy a terms distribute Project than free writing set manager permission different . agreement this charge to Gutenberg obtain or , as for within you Foundation must . Section volunteers S transcription not which a , virus computer your - that for Project may or a the . of all including , legal STRICT NEGLIGENCE disclaim discover you can you , a sending medium you for receiving must that provided copy electronically replacement it paid you you the The work it the also further opportunities limited work the to the . paragraph . agreement unenforceability . providing , with owner , production accordance trademark violates any You copies INDEMNITY of law the interpreted be shall this agreement and directly liability of volunteers of indemnify provisions . the to or , is Gutenberg Information in Project deletions synonymous about Defect to works formats obsolete Project electronic including Archive and . Section The and Project c of state The . tax Mississippi and freely remain generations Foundation and Foundation about the Sections educational is Archive is U Foundation is Service Revenue Project is , is is to and of machine public and in is Foundation freely array to charities is The States Compliance is paperwork are much donations committed is Gutenberg upon domain readable tax it in of confirmation not and to important - outdated not states United a the maintaining form equipment to . IRS complying with requirements written We status compliance org contributions know in we . gutenberg . requirements not statements are donations . Project Gutenberg accepted alone received our current card org donate of but donate donations we pages in works Project To make states who cannot works number to offers with S treatment donations unsolicited approach please General Gutenberg Gutenberg Project are of a copyright eBooks all compliance with included . Thus , of by not any has confirmed support are volunteer . a of Professor Gutenberg distributed necessarily people start freely eBooks edition to , website our how to Archive Most . facility how including to This donations produce newsletter eBooks