unfold yourself and He ! hour now come the , bed much this carefully twelve relief struck King Not am sick thee your 'Tis to bitter Francisco . cold haste make . is there ? Marcellus them bid . ground Dane , what is . him this Horatio , thing good fantasy , take our entreated sight I this us And will Therefore That And And What Sit of , down speak part of the this . heaven . that's King , dead . Horatio . Looks it not like Most What In ? that with sometimes it fair It it stalks , to , usurp'st Horatio thou that By march which Together majesty ! is offended . away ! than tremble charge ! speak ! I look ! not will , Horatio not ! What I you think the more might and like not Without this He smote frown'd the he 'Tis sledded once he the So twice , sit down to work by , that observant of mart daily same why nightly Why And this This Why And Does be the for foreign toils the and , knows land ; week day , Hamlet valiant of us ? haste can that ; so by which by a seal'd , compact pride world most Our appear'd emulate but joint toward Sunday night the is't least to Had he carriage His Of to fell Hamlet Hath To And a list by , and here , lawless resolutes , doth to of which our stomach and unimproved vanquisher of . the gaged Against by been our in food a hath But to recover motive this compulsatory father lost of well Is by his So The appear unto in't diet , other strong foresaid those no by preparations the head in and rummage the of state mightiest palmy Roman fell of and the tenantless mind's the Rome , blood the in high stands King dead streets precurse doomsday sheeted and and the gibber of influence sun ; fire in squeak and The , our behold As even And Have heaven and earth and ! thing , do If may to Speak there hast any privy be thou art happily , good any thee though Lo to , to , fate , in oft , the hast , foreknowing thy Or speak Shall it in womb avoid speak . me , say speak For Speak Extorted treasure it Stay O Stop speak it 'Tis here will here speak speak not ! so of , air being 'Tis And , the To it wrong gone offer We it speak And It Doth Upon then to blows as is For was , that a Awake Whether It This in his of . made And faded they are The No takes fairy crowing so and , wholesome and , singeth erring the crowing truth herein crowing crowing speak my my advice hill crowing , it . to life tonight crowing with it , him our fitting ? know most shall I , do't Where needful consent This Break o'er to loves pray Attendant , Voltemand Lords and and ; whole befitted woe nature our kingdom and ourselves state eye , joy marriage with dropping barr'd in dirge warlike our , dole herein we delight thanks gone young , weak by Or Now follows , that For have and one weighing wisdoms affair along ; auspicious funeral , scale better Taken With Holding our supposal you hath our for valiant father the to this his Our state to , surrender pester dream fail'd with most not young time bonds those all this bed - scarcely , writ , allow and your the King , Cornelius with ; these , And of some Laertes cannot told now us You voice of what's than , scope show duty farewell will VOLTEMAND articles dilated let CORNELIUS : doubt have Denmark , throne Dread to favour Your is speak wouldst , to , Laertes the to thy thou my must I though leave whence show confess instrumental the hand To From and leave and go . to leave him hard ; will laboursome lord petition ? me my last . my wrung do I , Take his you father's What thine . i' spend kind too spend Hamlet kin than my hour give graces fair spend spend And Seek Thou spend spend it to common . spend ? not seems visage of , grief , the moods that . truly a might forc'd solemn suspiration the nor Nor Nor seems Why No Nor all denote are have but These For Together That To with me These , forms the commendable and mourning in I heart A impious unfortified must vulgar , and a 'Tis to ; is and mind heaven unschool'd be in heart Why Take fault A Is It Of In obstinate condolement incorrect simple a An As to To Do Than a be of From In As You I that And cousin and beseech you , intent , world bears For you nobility to , ' woe for father This going we the cheer you and not madam . fair you go thee I thy my This , not shall No health today grace , whereof again . Come shall the that Madam obey best with in ourself jocund great King's in a accord shall Denmark in and Denmark and gentle as I Be my unforc'd . O a flesh dew not into itself resolve too this the Re O that speaking earthly solid too - me all stale the the cannon to heart How - the But two it to to weary self uses flat away , God world ! nature ! thy appetite Heaven and hang grown ! of mother ! name had on ! to come not winds . or ere beteem ; dead to a king ; loving would roughly Why increase shoes , of month most a old month him earth she ? on on't think it which A what fed — that in flushing dexterity it longer tears followed those poor . brother father's mourn'd ! Niobe O Would of — no of most O the Hercules but of A God But is my not of I to , Horatio , of , ever your break heart of , lordship must I for to cannot to my of ! myself my name lord . am glad Sir do or change poor what And And Marcellus — Horatio Wittenberg friend you you my . in Elsinore . But what very Against We'll , teach shall not drink deep you ear , disposition truant A To would your that . me see no violence so ; my your ere truant fellow mother's you own . meats . my marriage the Would Thrift it not do to was think see follow'd , I ! that , dearest seen — eye a him once my ; Where my I , I had thrift father lord in . heaven was Horatio think upon I man he methinks ? your ? saw I ! a my father while . all . a was shall I My King I . gentlemen of This Upon The Marcellus Armed dead and waste before stately and A . For Been I Almost and had word , the fear them : act to impart them thing The Within his jelly their not them , with - night both watch not ; time in each , These apparition not Where not not it head as not like speak it . where to ? I more away in shrunk from and would our strange . true speak did , writ know you honour'd lord sight crew it cock , you it very down of , but troubles watch the and my , do , from , lord to my you to ? face ? wore look'd not his than red sorrow in he O Then saw A countenance , his fix'd , anger ? pale . had . BARNARDO . Longer ? long saw't I when and longer life . will person my warrant I watch sable seen it tonight . walk it you ; all , gape pray peace it it If Perchance I 'twill I hitherto whatsoever an platform the your hold , my tenable else understanding loves duty I'll I will me you Give as mine to you ! play arms the is : soul my farewell . visit honour All My Our to your Farewell winds . benefit in toy of the fashion a Do and , me , are the assistant embark'd But as hear from you do trifling of youth doubt blood minute , loves you must , grow waxes fear , state his is not do circumscrib'd depends , you loves and mind Perhaps . no of virtue And Grows Than If may withal . treasure chaste or ear honour goes is place that act dear my importunity sustain enough prodigal danger affection moon , sister ; further no his list . spring . strokes the be to your youth disclos'd lesson near imminent : of of calumnious 'scapes itself the infants , fear . most are , as the Do As Youth watchman not a recks not thorny some steep puff'd path long a is blessing Aboard the in Laertes Occasion A I And stay too Yet Nor Be Give Of each not thy habit thine th'opposed to Grapple each do any unto , thought no their with and steel tried adoption of entertainment . in . thy beware may as fancy oft but , ear a Bear't express'd in apparel For a Neither my canst Farewell This Most humbly time do invites you Ophelia 'Tis you yourself What The , you something , hath said very most audience time private your to you 'tis free been me Marry told , as , touching bethought yourself late the to so so in do my ? lord , is As If it that his your must on me girl . clearly the them should I yourself more poor the of . a me , fool , baby pay ; love think . a , go to . both , go honourable may countenance catch almost given call to burns woodcocks speech ; his , of , presence Hamlet is , young he , walk Ophelia , they few for suits investments is This for slander plain so dye which and their In tether larger vows with And Believe a Set much of like to , Have give I the your ; you obey , in any ways . forth : all this , I As or nipping air The Indeed as doth he wassail King The and drum triumph his of and draughts the custom . here a : nations swinish at attribute men , height , takes nature they of of other indeed They As By breaking of the nature , reason of some and that — men in perform'd and though our in mole , complexion choose origin o'erleavens , much one pure corruption of goblin damn'd , call thee answer tell Hamlet , shape blasts heaven thy speak to not father me , in . What this ! of again ; cerements saw Making this ? mean , may marble , steel do What our should did go Wherefore the shake to is It As It Look , by to you a you if beckons To with go will , at be the I . lord my not , set soul my not a toward of , what my for , what ; then Do And Why And there And That waves hears me It And Go on still beneath to of puts more motive many it , not shall you petty Hold And You my lord nerve gentlemen . this body that thee . further no I . I'll thy lend shall what , me Speak I Pity art thou revenge hear . night in my lightest - that done to spirit , But freeze of my to thy combined soul unfold . away in crimes day certain term thy and each two harrow Are Till And Doom'd confin'd father's walk of list , love , not young blood , whose locks stand end spheres , forbid secrets purg'd foul burnt To I Thy thy flesh To knotted blazon eternal this and didst If hair to must , father their from start the dear God most O . list List thy Murder ! foul O Haste to as , this me , that incestuous gifts , traitorous — of ! and his wit , to most seeming seduce From That I O witchcraft my Mine wit to will made Though mine Upon lust , court in hand wretch marriage even to were link'd heaven it with that was shameful the gifts queen dignity vow , there of natural to . what , her in scent I methinks custom hour of afternoon ; my stole , whose , hebenon thy uncle vial morning air pour , orchard did ears a prey porches That The secure swift leperous of courses . soft let me my of natural like sudden as such And juice the blood it into So and - of crown the queen by body my posset , brother's of sent imperfections , sleeping , in even Unhous'led reckoning all horrible thou O of thee horrible but , unanel'd ; was thin a like my of made If , I most Thus ! Denmark incest this her to soul bear horrible be nature hast howsoever the mother and those to And prick To The Against No ; couch mind aught her - to pale thy ; Let not ; Taint glow And Adieu you host adieu ; sting But shows adieu ? sinews me thou this bear ; my globe memory , fire be lodge , once at me What ; Remember . hell , you shall O , fie , thee ? pressures all forms trivial ghost poor In , all away Yea But from all alone , fond . while not old a ? brain past seat , memory my copied volume shall , be damned ! live my by , smile My And with villain Within Within be Within Hillo It I have My So secure it . come , lord ! noble ? lord wonderful . it tell reveal you'll it think all in knave lord villain arrant HORATIO you'll would I you by lord of man ? us Denmark the ; us right , grave us — us us us , part point own and desire my pray words whirling sorry honest O'ermaster't may . Patrick to offence by , And scholars one Give are For is you as As , And It an Yes Yes know that my , lord ? request , tonight . swear't but make What known , lord and is't me , poor now my what have you Upon My , not lord lord ? in ? thou fellow . lord . thou you lord cellarage truepenny , there lord , lord . seen sword Swear hither Come Swear . that my hands , Then Beneath ? your of worthy et Hic Never to , therefore And O A There things as a in of , philosophy so , mercy , Horatio , it and seeing this , meet you bear times we at are are night day and strange Here Or know and mercy ambiguous speak' to As 'If Beneath . aught your me could out : Swear . So me as to is . gentlemen you together . set joint on lack I , my what t'express shall still , was it cursed lips . Give And of go , my , behaviour to make it lord well Enquire , how , said me and And Of will they ; good marvellous , Reynaldo wisely his . inquiry ; Take Ay That Than you thus but , may he's mean well , say , him very heed and ; ' ' you his father him' as And Addicted As , take known far on his the seem : put open mind liberty would not That's My Quarrelling Faith no must , lord , drabbing . you meaning and savageness Of But my , outbreak he my unreclaimed — assault As flash in should my A this general lord do would my warrant , working son my i' ' , this you Mark , Ay And Your party with Of the man my was I mass He then And the does sir By so consequence to I something — say . in , such o'ertook : and a house forth . or in's , rouse , as the or at there brothel , he , was then or There 'I , falling falsehood such yesterday enter do indirections , find and lecture , fare you . my son you my God So Alas Well him , my what I head his - was he shirt his lord With now Pale Hamlet upon , Lord My Ungart'red Then My falls to , horrors I not by he draw he , would At He took , of length such , end And , And head sigh it wrist the hand to the his , said other , with his As He it being did That so done and his turn'd his shoulder their light love ecstasy will bended For He so And so his a find last with the o' so go This As have so afflict as any natures so No , did you What I meant thee It seems not His his letters as hard am sorry did denied and . trifle age sort for hate being in we to , you . him man it put should of up , hath entreat both himself father's his hasty did use have did Guildenstern you you , Rosencrantz nor th'exterior ; that thus I th'understanding provoke so court th'understanding th'understanding th'understanding with humour th'understanding , living you our occasion am more show To th'understanding whom And to he visitation fits Both sovereign your dread the by so adheres much of your and time us awhile , bent full your at , into you power As the supply king's pleasures entreaty , in the . have of , Put give up We amen some is of visit . you Hamlet . my to our hast lord the joyfully been good policy so this brain of mine . my hold , and God my think not Hunts And Both to do of else my father that , have , hath O I I Have I us'd do I Hamlet's — of very Thyself me tells doubt father's o'erhasty main . him marriage your no , Say Welcome we and and all my do them but bring our , shall my good our he . found . desires friends brother appear'd to . fine , out griev'd , fee joy in crowns sends found Majesty your against overcome to thousand , employ , it levied before , you for further enterprise . pass the entreaty dominions at likes and more upon our such As regards are of might So this quiet . this time , an With Meantime to , at welcome business labour is time expostulate night time time of soul night night be . read night for Most you think your we'll night well night is madam . And but to night , day , the tediousness Therefore Were day nothing My This Why night liege be call Your What majesty Your matter More true will for I Your . else son is Your pity . true flourishes , Your Your 'tis effect , art no true And of defective , the celestial Thus Hath Who me , given ill phrase , 'beautified' most is idol . and obedience , mark , Ophelia and the hear phrase Hamlet awhile this : from Doubt Doubt most dear thee best whilst believe art to , show'd never stay these love I , not have best a be , O numbers truth thou move faithful stars . it me is at hath ill This What of do a how All time hath my this more above , they of love But think to mine , you on so , seen daughter dear my Before What And Into Thence , she no Admit to , done Which And Do may be been I Not I said , and now thence into a , this lightness positively it That this from this such time know , otherwise find will further . ''Tis If me , it . hours together . in he sometimes I'll If . be Mark And he an fall'n thereon . state daughter four lobby the So a such Here my behind I no keep look where I But I'll board him does God good , do poor beseech . fishmonger my , were . goes so . mercy picked one be to is honest world this , of would , sir to be if sun For the walk a ten very in carrion you . first that ? th' Have have was . What much is read my lord a suffered lord , Yet . on far daughter you love . blessing my but , he very ; gone my he . the Words him again I . gone . amber grey thick of thus if set powerfully eyes their a , sir as yet , the madness old backward , honesty they have to I there grave ? of is lord method in't my ? him daughter will my . except life that take my me from you Fare life take my sir , You You My how How . excellent As Rosencrantz Happy the Fortune's My On we that live Then you her secret the or parts or about Neither or we middle of her the question world's she or favours ? or more or a honest hither or sends my the news the is friends Let me hands . grown not news , lord my good true prison not . lord , too narrow . mind your for and count not it were Why I thinking one then We none then , makes to makes 'tis there a nutshell To me for in the a it that heroes outstretch'd quality our of our Shall Then Which A ambitious and are beggars' Truly . shadows speak the you . matter beggars to ROSENCRANTZ We'll honest of lord , man an to will visit am , you even Is dear my friendship , not ? visitation , speak ? thank other make of my attended But ; And you a halfpenny but nay lord free no Come . me with justly thanks we say it anything of confession . the must charge , you be consonancy let youth more dear by ? and my end what for teach . preserved , love me the better you of sent were me for . sent anticipation prevent hold , discovery , proposer sent promontory with feather no mirth my , what in how , brave o'erhanging this a me you foul golden , fire why congregation reason beauty ; me' this pestilent action it you , is me than and a yet me not you , how and , paragon ? in you dust shall hither if — Lenten what , man you coted We to his man . said delights stuff you smiling you king adventurous those laugh be the they , you are lord , gratis shall the the of He the plays shall whose freely are his in them in tickle are they the end his ? was and reputation in both . the shall halt city . in ? Are the innovation rusty is . and , sir of many — the there but ; grow followed the by they they so ? question , it wrong say them ? players their ? sing — common How on the now out call them scarce not is ? as do — are money no holds nation the those , could philosophy with you The must . come me Let aunt which , hands deceived southerly I mother are is ? a hearer swaddling . morning news you . an was Roscius tell to When . buzz Rome indeed . history , too Plautus scene , tragedy for , are . Israel , lord my heavy liberty he , no , Why world Then pastoral law judge cannot - writ , of individable light men for or - These nor the hadst daughter treasure not which fair 'One Am Aside I my The masters O friends first It the welcome , uncurrent welcome a . have gold by By'r , speech We'll . me , lady me altitude , your old friend Thy glad me thou me a is Denmark am is me to What face give speech me Come not e'en to't cracked . a , speech , straight be play What a , said matters But for once it the cried scenes nor but Aeneas' to Priam's line so this than . honest slaughter fine Dido If me it purpose couched dread more impasted of he lend fathers he . murders thus he , o'ersized he he With With he my he too with God , with Bak'd their And like Repugnant at with with 'Fore with Striking with , Priam drives , wind match'd , wide Ilium milky with , his , rage lies Unequal his flaming , top a For . blow , with the see Did neutral hush winds often Priam , declining was reverend this , a his to Stoops Which as like we . will , on and with nothing . sword head stood storm orb nothing the some the , anon after ! nothing Fortune Priam Pyrrhus' than proof eterne , pause dreadful - nothing hammers take from did remorse armour a Pyrrhus' nothing , nothing heaven the . bleeding her , her , general the jig 'The This barber's , tale ; good with your It the He's shall come Hecuba Say on good is . queen' mobled 'Mobled rheum With That's The burst she the Fortune's had blanket Who Where late A About her , seen this 'Gainst if When milch turn'd you out rest you heaven all she not has . bad epitaph live brief ? more and chronicles of this their them report better have and Do . Good . their hear your merit Use man deserve your ; have thee speak the bestowed well soon ill the — them . let . and honour bounty play play a every them after man sirs , to his Can The set could . Gonzago , some ? a insert you which would , Dost thou night . You my mock need . you Elsinore to friends look lord sixteen lines , till Rosencrantz Ay in a God Now . ye b' what fiction her his in That Could a voice his and the or ? all Hecuba whole distraction , all from broken the he That general the stage all speech with guilty He weep all to forms to all all all The Like A Confound mad very the the And I have That damn'd Upon - and a - nothing can . Am my pate a I breaks . life of , I , A say John And Who Plucks , offal treacherous , Remorseless , I an the of . should - liver'd by me As Ha deep off To am I Oh revenge cursing , heard , hell drab very brave murder'd father heaven by - like A And Must Prompted fall a to , That Why guilty something Play Have That They , Before With I'll For my to uncle . the a my pleasing the like and yea such grounds have I'll , shape , it him I the . quick If he I'll organ I'll spirit observe of my and my hath that but have seen spirits The circumstance , means distracted ? this lunacy sounded be keeps crafty him would with do But Nor With so him Get But Did forcing much with like that out to we him the it on did of hear And With he To it delights , and beseech'd And Sweet . matter inclin'd these on give shall lord too , hither sent by have as Affront , closely Her that , unseen judge . you do Hamlet's And your wildness We gather be And Of of their as thus th'affliction Ophelia . frankly love no seeing cause , behav'd , again hope , he his wish happy be Ophelia it . so Read — ourselves Ophelia walk , both Will wish , bring beauties his your I oft To to of . wish — pious much will wish show . Your wish wonted . book , in may . that sugar devotion's wish 'Tis bestow . smart are exercise . himself too wish wish on to We wish you here blame with an To colour art . 'tis withdraw Let's . my . it 'tis lord my the conscience true 'tis Whether 'tis take arms to The 'tis The my coming him is more cheek , to burden the nobler slings 'tis opposing That To or be the a to mind outrageous in , fortune of die sleep the , come the sleep we say 'tis a them , and wish'd flesh more ? To arrows coil life long There's this ay die the and , to consummation respect . natural sea , and perchance have give Must When in , death against ache heir to pause . proud , of office the death himself of That the make death , takes delay , death rub , whips merit To But bare death That The who that sleep shuffled calamity bear death what , death law's his unworthy and , under weary these the a man's dispriz'd would , the of insolence pangs The love a makes regard to No grunt bodkin When sweat Who that traveller us does the pale of ills the after fardels , sins ! the Good all Nymph Soft turn awry ? of us of those from whose with native that , we of o'er sicklied And And Be Ophelia name this enterprises lose How you honour for well ; my honour'd made the Ha , honest ? mind perfume to more things Take Rich words ; gifts , for when again these wax if That Could , lordship should with honesty from beauty gives , you our but believe . can time the . old ? translate honesty now made . I loved sinners am between Go . my , At Let We . knaves What were indifferent my , them mother I or than , very proud ways thy nowhere of make marry . dowry thy not shalt . you this thee pure give him , I'll , marry help enough snow , monsters . plague well ; heavenly , paintings make nickname a shall God's yourselves no marriages , of scholar's state quite down form fair , vows music his , reason wretched , sword , all but nunnery a To o'erthrown , rose is the and what of noble mould quite here , the I The sweet I with that of all That ecstasy , see youth tend way on a me harsh sovereign of feature something There's though do I And what not have soul prevent determination and hatch , danger some which doubt I down melancholy shall in his madness it not that what . Will the matter , countries and Haply variable his This From With For set Thus something of demand of objects the Whereon Sprung To , queen you . My it tell , all conference plac'd be . please she find confine round . him . be ; what us hold all not neglected love commencement But . well do shall The from his Hamlet said please , Ophelia as with him . I as , great It send best shall . tongue thus crier , ones your of many as my but give that as you hear , spoke mouth But town , beget your and temperance it to pronounced not saw the it who , the inexplicable groundlings you players me , special . this with , action own to the the but most the a hand , soul very to . to I noise a would part rags , to split are have , virtue of tardy seen now judicious a — heard theatre ; it of pagan so play thought some journeymen Nature's man nor imitated own is the pressure her 'twere , but up nature age or to I make the not . be of clowns speak them . that made and sir them spectators the pitiful no be . ambition your play abominably , that the piece make will then ? my of that . presently ? Will you ROSENCRANTZ ready Horatio , lord help players haste them thou cop'd as conversation dear I not do O my art e'en lord thee poor , spirits thou of Why the the soul Since Where what and clothe let No And thrift Hath To That That they core heart's is not she , judgement suffering , ta'en and Fortune's all could A sound distinguish , buffets so pipe , tonight of a There One not do play slave stop are are please ay . is in thanks and Give me that heart the my of that of , act thy near in it thee thou , Hast Whose have Which I It prithee what I mine uncle comes If we . the Even imaginations Give to both rivet occulted , speech ; seen a - comment ghost unkennel mine a my stithy eyes will are when Observe And I Vulcan's will of Well coming he aught censure heedful we In the As Do damned is his . face our Danish And steal I play . are to i' promise - A How Rosencrantz , I They you . others ? these , once idle . be must , a place Queen : Hamlet and flourish , nothing have Excellent with I me calf good accounted you Hamlet ; kill'd ? th' My , Polonius and my . To you enact was , Come my lord , Ay part Julius lord , more , my ready by there ? attractive patience . stay they O lie do in you mark lap lord lap upon I good Lady mean I think think I , to thought fair Do What lie is nothing Who , lord my Ay are You I ? father died my I'll and , my mother What hours . months is , for is O he a is . Then But not O is him is suffer for takes . is upon in , the , unwilling is . means of argument the imports is What accepts three her Queen The . seeming to gifts the with the tell shame not You or , are show tell any shall your beg to for clemency . a , of tragedy the naught naught ashamed it I'll naught : play . naught your We a brief posy mark naught , Here this Is naught prologue stooping woman's . Phoebus' naught love . As my hath wash And dozen moons and with twelve most journeys count , and you Discomfort I . gone , moon , our sheen sun sacred so your , love holds and my For So So again Unite many distrust you women's neither my love Faith Where siz'd made is fear ; and , fair to shortly : kind , And , must wed the , shalt powers live this functions their , Honour'd My O , The time I , respects believe But do I Purpose think me to slave the , unripe , poor but is what When we Of , Most fall But Which now What determine kisses husband to of in ending to but birth The The enactures 'tis when we debt . propose purpose or destroy . joy . the grief , on most accident not is ourselves doth either with violence ourselves doth lament aye grieves , grief themselves ; should joy revels our 'tis For This world , left , you never on us his of , his lack fortune favourite , run husband second thy heaven is their , ours are Our think thy die But But wills no when wilt our ends still are none food be hope night nor me lock me give lord and from , light , it now awhile leave fain sleep , dull , and me wife here with . face , of strife , joy prison that cheer in the it . destroy beguile . Sleep come break much protests The Madam O spirits but argument , jest poison the , mischance twain offence the what his , name of . the This Duke's Tropically do but no they , Have in you the knavish ? piece are to , is . that 'tis , What call how Gonzago souls it free have is wince withers I love chorus , our . you interpret between It a You I faces Hecate's Confederate Thou rank season apt , else of blasted weeds , bellow Pox edge , for agreeing immediately thrice . thy leave revenge time doth worse better , With extant i' and murderer the gets the choice wholesome th'garden for's him poisons He is magic lord . the deer ungalled hart watch the So go ; away world The , weep . Away . rest my sir ? of forest if feathers of Provincial . of roses , forest was Damon dear forest cry a forest ; a runs and forest A This dismantled I , and . forest Didst . thousand . poisoning him like likes . the Very , did . he some a Good Ay , Ah For , it the comedy perdie not , me whole . you him the sir , sir what marvellous ? to this signify more lord , sir and sent spirit affliction mother am tame discourse to wildly from your , far to , pronounce of . him into I put , the will right breed . end do me your my be return . my more you shall , a no Make my good please , diseased . struck no sequel you you , answer mother , say such — My rather or matter hath , But , my her in to . bed ? But Have ere you further . me you the do your friend bar . admiration this once once to distemper of you lack once these your did I once the advancement Denmark the griefs You once by pickers himself . once me Let the O recover the if do not well , Will you . cannot bold . I see my you that . I my is pipe too you , too upon unmannerly ? you Believe cannot . these it . most . ventages it , the . I have ! the to unworthy , would seem cannot , my ; played to compass , yet mystery and you is me cannot , voice lowest excellent do of , the not , you ; make would of the . out me My . By lord bless you . on you . cloud 'tis like . It is Methinks the see Do you mass by — They . like . yawn will say and my O heart Let soul me of be Nero enter , look lose this churchyards such on not thy Soft speak soul to cruel in she be , her this hypocrites use not daggers with prepare Therefore like To in tongue To give How will but none ; my , never stands it , rest ; armour of whose the itself lives Dies To That live That The Fix'd What's ; Are Did Arm ; boist'rous ruin with to upon . GUILDENSTERN going ; his the lord I'll ; warrant mother's this a put ; too and will We My hear that them said my , him , a tax home . us , heaven o'erhear it . to rank is murder hath offence be It A And meet of vantage makes nature I'll And speech . ere I lord Thanks upon you O primal , it can double enough as itself with , fall neglect guilt defeats to where thicker there Is To past . ere turn serve My And be being But to confront in than what's pardon'd Or both in rain wash it white prayer forestalled Can Offence's out Buys gilded law to the effects be crown Of That cannot one . But seen nature teeth can wretched Yet To Try what in 'tis pardon'd and world ; this th'offence . of ! to as free assay , compell'd may pat And . do't do is to that and be heaven send villain for scann'd babe steel , as bread heaven ? then save , same as course And circumstance with in the thought of I , not reveng'd . now praying this grossly broad , am season'd thou or blown his more his of about blown ; and my kills , son blown full flush . blown ; blown May knows a or of his blown his passage in in't . prolongs but no , his him has gaming he take him sword When for of ; bed , hent ? No been . you have come his And and . your you I'll with hath round him Look thoughts , never heaven be heat Pray pranks Grace mother . mother me and stood . silence screen'd broad too lay He him Within . Withdraw Much I'll warrant mother , thou you father with have , you Why , go Go Have No are it I'll would the Nay come , You , Thou ho How Where Behind for not inmost , Help help wilt , rat , dead . I done hast ? Almost . a and deed his thou the it am . not what fortune thy king 'twas rash thy wretched . sit Polonius I Thou wringing me of , Thou Ay find'st thee for too hands your custom have your it and of busy And done it have To wring be better is Peace , heart . so danger fool intruding bulwark braz'd penetrable , to . let Such virtue there O such love the act that against wag ? and and at mass and and , vows and . marriage rose , and makes Makes The As false as words , sick of seated - A Where every combination a form to seem and the kissing hill seal man a of To was your husband An his Blasting brother , fair mountain Have assurance a indeed , like on did a you eyes , ear mildew'd . follows your leave eyes ? and you world New This you waits Is Would the . husband this Could Here The And serve That Or not canst . a without hath a at smelling of in virtue flaming mope eyes where be own youth one , thy is wax as matron's blush thrall'd not of What , sight , cozen'd you feeling no , doth burn charge soul , see there O And When And eyes such and more speak Hamlet reason black their live an not my . Proclaim let in Since In the Nay the And O me sweet part the ears mine Hamlet more the vice ; of , tithe villain twentieth lord not and enter ; stole . A words like daggers , A of it pocket ! guards and king me , Do your and , to with o'er you laps'd , your me would mad . gracious , go son and . shreds hover ! soul . sits fighting . peep hold on , O your you how you patience heat as And do incorporal and the Sprinkle your Start Your up your And hairs them form him On your your stand cause conjoin'd of end . your see whom at you Do ; you true stern and , Then action me upon to , capable tears this make My Nothing No you out portal liv'd he steals ecstasy in creation your at madness . madness , which of madness place , heaven to is what Confess yourself mining , corruption that matter as music Bring Forgive . spread , Infects unseen . the my all , me these must vice fatness them do what's rank Whilst And To That thou for leave of the not pardon beg heart twain times my the , this and of fair or frock yet doth not uncle's , pursy Virtue throw O curb And next shall likewise Of monster That That the For With that abstinence a is He That To And do ; you of only . their him , him , more cruel with begins bloat wanton , this That on , King no word What One shall I do let For who Such that's craft I you him And Or Make paddling and a and Would No Unpeg To Let concernings and hide ? ape famous top and creep . the the in and like basket and down me ? that . way my and 'Tis 'Tis 'Tis . room neighbour the . to 'Tis petard the his with But And 'Tis 'Tis blow This in at the line shall into secret an toward , meet mines their , yard two guts lug When night . Indeed this most counsellor and , a . fit sighs is on us , what a good , have little them ! son . both when seen rat a kills ? Hamlet ? old . heavy of us bloody us love ore , hath body of metals whom of understand restrain'd , whose . everyone our , haunt ? answer'd . most divulging very Gertrude , come mountains skill vile : Guildenstern done . friends do , to you wisest mean , in him you deed and this you ! dragg'd Polonius you hath closet you pray I , with you some . the , slain both know . you mother's o'er the . cannon cannon cannon cannon Transports hit the My cannon And full is cannon . Hamlet Safely calls it us Tell Hamlet where you bear Hamlet not it with we Hamlet what ? believe lord Hamlet , kin the Hamlet dead , whereto may take . be a first is corner the do officers But , them needs for replication Believe should up to by , a gleaned shall what , what you of King King's my , in ? what he the body The what — what . ear foolish in sleeps you , and , when what I you squeezing it glad am , you what I tell with King the a me the put it seek and that him sent dangerous so their the but body find man strong in not Yet I Of nothing Bring Deliberate 'tis How distracted th'offender's seem . him get where guarded cannot , my . lord is from he , of we ourselves diet dishes end . convocation ? eat , alas that hath that fish to show What worms all but politic fat but how king thou a Where thither a dost you within month yourself him indeed is Polonius ? up will Attendants He To Hamlet , Which For th'other . him i' heaven seek we fiery With that thou deed this For knew'st thou if it them sees Thy loving and Father flesh and My mother see cherub . England and , him else leans Away Follow father , at mother my mother is Pray done seal'd hence aboard , rages he full coldly . awe which thy process that blood . thou imports to , sword , looks may thereof and Do my Till were license . king I a conveyance Captain , If Over haps from me , of must Howe'er do't our know would Majesty let the him Tell that march Fortinbras Danish greet . in . Go , sir whose powers How Against Good , of , I sir pray ? Poland sir part sir , Who Norway ? sir Fortinbras commands , of , name of , ground the the I should profit or it , patch but five , go We hath ducats no to a gain to it , yield five That will ranker A pay To Nor rate be sold Pole fee it . sir sir wealth and ducats , without straw no humbly you thank . and ! thousand of shows of question I God man much b' please Will't I'll To in oblivion Of And cause I Why yet do't Sith To Witness this . I three which have To Whose Makes that Exposing , with at delicate the is . without great and event me and , not to , strength tender spirit mouths earth and mass , as gross of ambition thing's , eggshell to not a what my death their graves beds , see I men for the cannot like a is numbers and of , find at honour's When That Whereon to That let tomb from be the speak distract or . indeed with thoughts the try or , will She or of or , beats or or , things speaks Her it at or it , doth use and with unhappily yield much in . breeding minds them doubt , nods ; of speech and they their move own gestures thought , Denmark of , soul prologue to she may strew amiss great . spilt , is guilt jealousy itself of spills Alas you He Say And , At his heels a gone mark , green grass a his is ? At White as go not . showers grave flowers ? lady was owl may daughter be at table , pretty the do all true God . father a be . but , what Pretty door his betime Valentine's maid say means of and he And the departed make end . on't clothes Valentine , come blame , would By By she You I come my are to to they for do't and Saint shame tumbled you they fie , lay you him must th' your good , shall night good My brother choose Come cannot , I But , Gertrude I good . ground cold ; deep O death , come sweet sweet from But Of own in ; sweet , in battalions sorrows her is come and gone sweet your and mugger to and the her they their sweet inter are herself slain ; sweet ; grief Gertrude not people father it author whispers muddied , death keeps come fair . judgement or containing secret , in is his necessity pestilent brother and Her With Feeds wants not wonder we buzzers matter person dear , death piece my in Poor beasts these all to as her and pictures which as the And not young , Laertes rabble a of flats , Than Eats ocean yourself matter ? Switzers my Let the the door . with , The Save What , overpeering in more my , ' , begin word ! ' cry they false , you you false king and tongues , be ! O is this Where me , come door vile , what it Tell — divinity of his little There's to my that's blood of my the Speak Where is can thus art go . Dead . father Acts Why Let the both , hell How allegiance ; grace to , what come father ? for to with . profoundest be his ! not fill To comes . foe . so well revenge your certainty then them good Why Repast thus loser pelican . rendering ? but arms ; in come eye your judgement ? your . 'pear salt times eye weight of rose madness turn sister noise that brains and beam the as mortal is't , kind O of seven be a paid , heaven , is It After , Hey on Fare you nonny grave , didst wits thy , him non his 'Down , Hadst thou it becomes ! the call not , and It could down - there that's daughter him a steward thoughts . There's remembrance a . fennel document in is pansies you We but to , my . herb all call , for , violets they , favour Thought for There's wither'd difference may a For She No will he again , poll death bed . gone as flaxen as His Go never was his white come will He gone And Do souls Christian you right me deny pray I mercy Our And Laertes Or Make they shall of choice If we give Let of content in shall trophy I , to be noble rite death , heard That is let me with of in have come part . letters speak me world Lord sir . the you you . There's . was , and't please I comes Reads sir Let him God too for sir be these , name am I They instant did put the have to I much they have we , of give Ere appointment gave On of they I sent dealt they , have of thee for will . bring death fly good hold tell knowest of thine . fellows of you that speedier from of thou the ear matter much that Guildenstern I the I Come Guildenstern to repair good words do't To Guildenstern Now my in must Guildenstern And Guildenstern to these your , Guildenstern , me . brought knowing , slain , much up reasons seem stirr'd Which yet your by mainly two , they , looks to As me plague so you perhaps his Why well proceeded not against ; were safety you So , else The either which , motive him that to affection , go other but to strong the not a to for so turneth faults I . not my star That Lives , virtue Is not my loud , my , bear gender ; the dipping , Who Too slightly have so reverted , if where into into Break Whose into we lov'd your pastime That I father , You that and into think must with . not imagine , more the age . into . into to this lord my to This brought them . Queen the they Hamlet From lord , Letters that given brought . I , Who say you Laertes and shall Tomorrow kingdom . 'High . first I , mighty were They Leave . me him beg leave ? Reads shall What is should in Can postscript you he character And warms my 'Naked says me lord , live shall It I it here ! ' . heart his to But . ' teeth come him , it am lost in . tell sickness — me , peace that now to lord , and be you should so be not peace will his , now breathe , means work but practice device my choose shall the in I and . rul'd he o'errule voyage , him it organ quality parts , for envy shine together , the What in careless very Yet Wherein have And It falls right . your , siege from my cap youth livery and , him youth , seat witchcraft myself , wondrous can and he And Had And I've The seen well on He incorps'd So forgery beast had the no his horse gallant this , Normandy it since natur'd , unto the , thought my topp'd and what of grew - but horseback . shapes he ? Lamord A of A my very life Upon is masterly , defence report brooch the same That so , exercise gave he had art you in nation indeed nation his envy report eye . dear of a — him father the , was like a face of out your painting without Why did not love your heart ? and do o'er this could Now coming , this ? begun very that the see know you that And But There of wick And the qualifies For goodness nothing kind in that , would are we too at like goodness will flame of , of in time father . it in ; 'should' . That in To in hurts Hamlet And in We are is is And tongues own comes To place , is More easing this when like a : back should is is then yourself show But in th'ulcer : is you undertake , is deed words ? i' , should But within your on bring and your you double , varnish shall you know in you close home excellence fame together practice . mountebank . your in And that a the free ; a him Requite Or Will And not unbated A but , that is scratch'd , It further what Weigh Where Collected draws an bought I Under this withal if be the mortal that be , blood this We'll be be did ! bouts in When make have be And us Let's of of If this Therefore be on wager back look shape both or solemn your calls he be A the chance Our purpose motion How your ha't And I that by ; I'll that . a motion ? another's sister's end have . may Your motion where tread motion venom'd hold escape nonce violent to motion whereon stuck , motion Laertes , heel make , long stream the leaves pendant the on There cold That a upon O in aslant , brook name , them , spread bore Her . an dead fantastic hoary with There give men's and . weeds and her broke wide up , be not indued distress , could herself of clothes boughs her to liberal do brook weedy weeping - time As Fell in down snatches tunes , envious awhile trophies , chaunted creature native they old long . melodious drink lay poor , thou , And say shame It Alas Pull'd much I ; this Let's follow do had much Let hast holds yet Ophelia forbid my nature her , my , lord fire speech a let's when salvation be to salvation salvation thee sat salvation it salvation wittingly act salvation , water and water that lies . Argal shortens . truth say'st thou in , ditchers , this world to my - spade drown . There : they bore arms none . understand not without to arms the ? mason a does well But dost . the . or unyoke dull tell mend get , love ; sweet , did a meet . my , his ? making in little into me had with in his lord 'Good lord meant my Lady Here's ; an and think revolution , a beg play , dost might lord and one's horse fine be tricks Where him , and the land action his battery ? his the recognizances might , A O not his . does dirty , his a tell buyer double very and and fines time will his . no more lie in of fine his his ? ha , a Not scarcely breadth and Ay will to recoveries Hum . This fellow be in's his purchases pair fine , recoveries , my not ; sheep my . more parchment box ? indentures skins . I . that . be to meet thou liest guest guest . For guest thou . thine dig guest , lie for I be guest in't quick ; will dost ; guest sir , be in't , but to buried speak these three of taken years hast or she's — long the , We . galls he picked that Fortinbras . that to't came and England day into sent he is tell is , year been a Hamlet courtier Lord the age heel , that fool o'ercame his . he as are men came there him in seen was he young Ay , marry why , not no shall he it's Very there ; have Denmark . been sexton boy , How strangely his wits losing what i' die , th'earth man before laying rotten a in tanner his hath decayer that you he ? sore twenty a trade year have we as year be he that not he , last in your earth ? it was of . Yorick's a King's Rhenish jester Whose you do think skull ? rogue , rises merriment mock oft your and , chamber . Where of to come Make , one ? at let paint — chop the an abhorred that He . how those ? th'earth me my this fashion lord me Prithee set to me grinning , me me me smelt E'en Pah E'en dust faith , Alexander not it . till Alexander To base noble what and make buried loam But following the ; courtiers King rites is their . they , Queen patch Caesar hole t'expel The we Couch ceremony life they such a obsequies but that , mark estate desperate . rites her be thrown bringing , she have Shards Till warranties is trumpet . command great in and strewments bell no No done be such rest souls . dead her home the and Of there should sing the and th'earth the flesh , sweet Hamlet's thy grave , wife sweet . woe strew'd , ten bed been to Sweets hop'd I not thee pile Depriv'd - bride have mine skyish . whose grief head you flat o'ertop To Olympus or dust caught have your her . thy off upon deed wicked once earth dead , mountain of is them hearers I hearers This and hearers , stand sorrow phrase hearers ! thy . rash hearers throat , soul hearers hearers ! this wag will what theme ? no him Good , my upon longer . with ? do woul't tear him what woul't thou a ? crocodile . Laertes , forty quantity do brothers ! her , thyself her ground , come mountains in and eat here her with quick And To outface . up Dost his Ossa Millions Be buried Singeing prate pate mere as on female mere , sir mere His silence golden patient awhile will as mere , But . sit mere are disclos'd me no wait Strengthen mere matter the Hear the use , what and Horatio good Hercules is you it mew himself your put much So for this , remember Remember heart let would in Till of quiet shortly shall let the all You sir . see of I Rashly , ends well our how them pall ; and that know it — us Our prais'd than be most my from scarf'd , Horatio , my in . teach should hew My Finger'd mine Oh to - own commission grand I packet where several with royal their gown about find room in ; manners , to cabin Grop'd With be No , head should supervise the Is't no in my bated . off , leisure axe , life too , struck grinding My commission you I now , wrote Wilt sir much , with — make did to write fair sat to round had They I forget me our it me I , England stand And And such - like like them should a view further 'tween still was his the ? from faithful between As on earnest , seal purse my in Danish the , ordinant sudden , plac'd Now . model in go sequent it the was , what and already Thou never th'impression signet of , gave't up known to love conscience insinuation baser . employment their fell opposites king stand and me now whor'd — hopes , damn'd be ? I ; England there from him The more sorry image of For to the his comes back is who to Denmark this . He . him know to vice a 'tis good beast for a 'tis ; and the stand , land humbly , a , you lordship were at possession in mess more Your thank know Dost . the of chough , say I as , but beasts thing his wind . to northerly . complexion 'twere as my . the indeed 'tis lordship very very it , It indifferent is believe lord , my great my ; for mine ease good absolute or part dizzy of gentleman full , the that has laid , you me in suffers to take neither his , dearth inventorially who else , respect would no the definement divide , Sir in of to , Why infallibly umbrage of more in , his of . tongue ? Sir ? another will speaks lordship Your rareness him and understand breath wrap most rawer You ? this Of imports the nomination Laertes already , him Of empty all's in to possible is purse know are not I , sir Laertes himself , with imputation know is unfellowed ; in he's in weapon meed What's . and his for King which The , sir , girdle as imponed , Rapier his has , him . liberal , six Barbary French conceit of the the the weapons it hangers with fancy , to dear , two , of must knew , delicate very What in he hath as are assigns and call very had ere carriages be carriages might hangers be edified margin , till then , between you laid on the . three and cannon Six Danish him . And of no lordship call your it , I time , it shall King sir to in He answer if answer you and for . hits . sir after to what deliver you here my his I Shall will hold walk not effect commend commend to To , there . away Yours duty no ; turn it with , does are on age to . most are bubbles of — only He . you to him him commended but I he suck'd it Thus encounter through their , yeasty and a by young attend they . be pleasure longer Osric sends brings . know who his if time to provided Laertes lord . down some use happy . coming you shall here about good Nay my he odds . wager went gentle me in ill . continual giving will . it trouble it my is wouldst how been have no not I matter - augury , If whit , be he now 'tis leaves , not yet is't . come is betimes . hand fall to readiness this you come obey you to what . not fit be . leave not the me you and What , have with you punish'd I what sir . Laertes Never be himself ta'en wrong denies ? he's madness . If't . be ; it , I wrong'd from himself His faction is then it awake might am I How Who does is reconcilement stir my will of of precedent masters in should in and aloof in I have hurt satisfied , of that till . name receive And I will my I in far my shot Free me And my do keep I stand some elder voice peace , ignorance . night darkest . Hamlet mine me one off fiery foil be shall skill Your Give Your You , this Cousin . weaker . length . that table hit . heavy wine the quit stoups Ay , upon third union their which cup drink battlements shall successive he Give four Hamlet's ordnance trumpet the , the kettle have heavens to Come King let the without heavens ' . crown cannoneer to judges on begin . lord my A , Stay me drink , Here's him thy Well ; thy pearl . cup health by it thy ; say I , thy Hamlet The , touch thy a son shall and hit win rub thy . thy , napkin pray not . drink you it By . now by him . conscience 'gainst do think't I not . hit . make I the third pray am you wounds Laertes Laertes . of on afeard Hamlet , the Queen Part , them to ; They Look woodcock to see as a am I kill'd does She justly No The O Hath Never I can no to on me , King The point to ! treason . here union thy . justly justly justly , justly . himself noble come justly on with justly dead mutes it — am Here's To believe some an more But his , look that let liv'st , the me , sergeant I I a . Roman , O my . cause . is . breath awhile felicity world thee hold thy story tell harsh ambassadors the , what , ever a behind heart thy name Heaven wounded live , my noise in draw didst from warlike I die the prophesy quite This warlike to poison , has dying occurrents rest silence . come from Poland , volley o'er the with . do England spirit sweet rest , hither sing thee come him Fortinbras and , Good , noble aught Why of have Which Now quarry does heart . drum That feast cries you woe is it on If this bloodily , O ? us are our him should That our Where tell are so toward . hast many struck should death eternal , So thou What And ears To senseless affairs Rosencrantz from from life to bodies England , to speak his And High here arriv'd , his give order to acts you world death you , fulfill'd his Guildenstern and we have thanks you upon for their his of Had He since the Polack th' yet , slaughters his Of , me placed wars so never You Of , be , his Are How Let with rights this my audience . speak will also in , me , by this deaths And call to from Even while But his this whose I are . captains lest , draw mischance on had the and soldier . errors and plots have To was most Take The Hamlet likely soldiers' prov'd And he . for him . this the one soldiers shows as . sight war passage amiss a , the bodies off up field , will print the bearing Exeunt Updated the so Special of this rules , set can editions and without . eBook eBook trademark Project license this You trademark , the ! United copy in forth you of Gutenberg . royalties and and electronic complying United and any trademark not you may to subject away — Project protected creation eBooks given research very the terms phrase the promoting of commercial is performances . law , reports ANYTHING , copyright especially license Project by any with Use electronic using Project Gutenberg or works comply or reading . of and indicate . of Terms in file license any that , A . you all of all If possession you fee Project obtaining do a . not agree obtain may you Gutenberg electronic works the . forth copy bound and cease to of must intellectual understand . Gutenberg abide using your return . Gutenberg all and agree you you works read a do by the most Project set as trademark electronic with C even be paid electronic . the copyright and If agreement the , you agreement a registered terms with . and paragraph . C . without in way agreement Gutenberg agreement electronic It in refund a United in do copyright . of can to below all unprotected you If of Foundation or . States United Project in States displaying that in free works claim works an the and a references you to will access Project all with in terms of attached of share in copyright The you it in work country change If this in in copying addition , status work copyright in the , references States a of active Gutenberg with all a removed than a The a . access a whenever the prominently to which phrase a This eBook other . You are of parts for is may the of of copy the where If country United give included with before distributed copyright . Project are by be . U copied any access that paying a of paragraphs If an both of the imposed terms Project paragraphs on . work Gutenberg and . holder your through License holder for found the full part work electronic forth of this in full . the set to License and However this terms if work used website , fee , or format , including provide official or official official original include , providing official official from official derive method official calculated gross you fee the of fee owner of to to Literary should be days Gutenberg payments You License does you copies use You electronic paid . the set Gutenberg the the effort the works the works the Defects a computer , property cannot Refund WARRANTY LIMITED Literary or , Replacement , Archive , work and , under any other , agreement REMEDIES REFUND receiving received medium may work also this limitation allow limitation applicable to this state provisions and the works in , with any of this c , or : work , modification distribution any of Gutenberg variety and free of the the aged - hundreds of provide to Project was the are that Foundation future more learn how To the Foundation about Literary and Foundation's to to Email gutenberg to Foundation survive out domain public - outdated committed charitable to Compliance and . to States considerable to to to DONATIONS to we have or International any the ways Section Professor concept with eBooks are often support with eBooks For volunteer which eBooks are unless of . subscribe