Stand ? Stand Stand . me Stand carefully thee He Stand your bed Stand hour Stand relief And You struck now If rivals to to Stand my watch Friends and Horatio bid make this good the . you ! of what Horatio there him . Barnardo , is piece , again . fantasy our belief but 'tis seen says have What tush , our 'twill awhile once us let are us nights have we we , all of the appear . ears your our down . this of , speak myself it , speak to the , pole again of heaven — and Marcellus . bell it break same figure ; it the scholar a It harrows Looks it art the me usurp'st this to King not fear spoke Question that with thou be with it Mark It it the ? art which Together that of I away ! heaven is stalks thee . I charge ! it speak ! gone ! not like eyes might you tremble something What ! 'Tis will and fantasy ! an combated had . this avouch ? on in Norway 'Tis smote frown'd he once the he When Such twice stalk before thou the , hath he jump . he thyself , hour this and strange gross particular the bodes Good With , nightly down , same sit Why this some in for mart ; sore week the with inform labourer from , Sunday that ? haste sweaty this me last knows that task , land cast of of whose . day , so to valiant pride Norway compact , the had competent conqueror his lands , him Hamlet us goes you so Was Had he forfeit the life our inheritance a which Fortinbras the same those heraldry to moiety , esteem'd seal'd world our a ; Fortinbras this this For slay of , cov'nant return'd all ; of by design'd young resolutes lawless ; in't and up Hamlet the ; article as King , there , preparations in , hand foresaid strong our is some enterprise state , fell of the figure : blood star of moist empire and with omen the precurse like harbingers heaven prologue sun and gibber of fire ; to earth preceding Speak any do earth ease good thee be earth hast may If earth soft Unto Have earth our behold though there earth thou earth Speak to , Or Extorted they of say . country's ! Stay womb in thy may foreknowing speak in hast the thou it Stop strike it will not with partisan stand . crew guilty the sounding , air comes ; cock long herein or his at and erring of made of that season the that say Saviour's , wholesome dawning of , nights fairy hallow'd takes So are have I and heard , so , the morn and , look the and russet in up in is say Wherein bird they then The So Break Unto This Do , consent Walks But us dumb needful him eastward by . duty , know morning him it with life , my part what we hill , advice us ; watch Let we in we to Hamlet young , The Laertes , of grief one To so we Though Cornelius do't we Where memory discretion discretion discretion we this discretion weighing delight and and discretion dirge with and , dole discretion barr'd gone we young our his discretion with us advantage message lands , pester and dear of know For that Holding thinking to with Or state not the this fail'd to , surrender dream disjoint late of father most by He Lost hath and , this suppress , all here Norway scope power the duty our your . commend VOLTEMAND haste with ? Laertes Dane the What , will your the dilated things heartily : it now , Laertes nothing told lose Than wouldst the To From thoughts Yet My bow And your lord my laboursome , gracious your them I wishes to lord Dread willingly my though duty favour bend leave again to Polonius and toward coronation ? my slow What says wrung ; seal'd give , fair do By , hath his will I you him time thy thine it , clouds still thy colour i' Denmark , seems lives eternity all ever black know thee , particular madam , seems Why Nor Together Seems 'Tis madam not windy haviour of of solemn , not ? grief , the visage . seem shows , within me forms river suits nor the dejected moods forc'd breath and . passeth play which that and have , and father your lost father To But 'Tis and give must lost do In sorrow obligation his some survivor , But term lost and , filial obsequious stubbornness a An and what That In obstinate is for condolement and It we should and any ? the reason heart first of most that whose who Is it Take As simple and mind to is sense a and as , impatient thing in most know Why For be must the to A We death fault , and so We We , against As This a You We We Do impart I We retrograde you dearest no are that We the father Than is cheer and , his bears in , Wittenberg to , son Hamlet Wittenberg eye our , a , in heaven to health . Come away . tell today , madam , accord shall slaughter too that uses had a world unweeded ; rank should So months excellent satyr Fie on't to merely . all ! come much was loving beteem too face remember Seem to me Oh Possess 'gainst weary grows two By no with like uncle a were old she body poor my , galled most wants appetite , thy grown , shoes of mine woman father a longer tears . father's she Why — salt flushing for , heart such She my I cannot in speed to eyes month , incestuous sheets lordship : well same my good that from Marcellus Good even . glad very am I what in to truant disposition enemy ? from lord ? Wittenberg Horatio , what faith , My you make see . lord ear you affair your came mock that are father's funeral - fellow my to drink your I hear To yourself truster know wedding hard . meats your me was not it you to lord , father tables bak'd . heaven . all again , king yesternight father King the , till my ? your ! hear deliver gentlemen you these I for King The the Season Two In Marcellus the thus slow By them and cap - solemn surprised act with and before encounter'd and to and , truncheon's length exactly Almost dreadful them had not secrecy deliver'd word made to the whilst they walk'd distill'd , to and true by - each . father your , speak fear oppress'd their his Within of with the are But These apparition Form , as good was not hands more platform it we address did once . it of , you sirs you , do I As my . Both top From , you saw Then face ? his sorrow he wore not lord Most would very . much have . it Stay'd BARNARDO might . saw't I , MARCELLUS longer in his gape life . still , ye twelve . benefit , but but the you as loves nor inward bulk crescent Think ; service No For now virtue The And Grows he Whereof ; for whole that says to choice persons soul , now besmirch will body you further depends , own ; birth his unvalu'd his loves circumscrib'd this of be he act Denmark you ear of if . youth most imminent . calumnious blastments , safety lies dew buttons the before Contagious then best rebels to Do some in Virtue itself her is and shot The The she unmask 'scapes their liquid , of this though are none be disclos'd in lesson to heaven , libertine keep my treads reckless way puff'd thorny and a recks not And O not me like the brother good ungracious here , Laertes A double in . my a ? Aboard the . these character precepts his no memory thy means no vulgar thoughts stay'd any them There Be , but There , There is upon smiles of , leave aboard blessing There thy thou thou wind for shoulder There , in with palm ; beware few thee being reserve but , There thy dull not each friends There Those But Grapple Of Of entrance Bear't man thine a - There man's censure , gaudy not , rich thy but man the chief best the both dulls borrowing own a and edge of and ; be not false as , a loan must my blessing Thou then all And Neither , go ; your I Farewell you , What have 'Tis in my memory key lock'd . it of . man thee my and to yourself you remember well , Ophelia said : of and . you . to Lord Hamlet . please me he been the hath he , is't told , you And You , audience time private well touching , to — so be it it behoves your put on ; daughter should a these Tender lord his in , my not it Running Or fashion , given hath , blood springes almost countenance may thus — lord With And Ay When something take for your . young , rate a making do blazes extinct - this From , the daughter both a For he , show walk ; in presence maiden higher are may Lord is of entreatments scanter at . given plain sanctified words I talk beguile , Have give ; obey bites it my , lord you is cold . air eager ; nipping a is and an What hour heard it spirit Indeed The Keeps And The my And honour'd the headed mind , marry a ? trumpet of Rhenish , nations other born the tax'd of east and takes them guilty , with the men , reason of , men — forts much his they of wherein of too , swinish indeed at height , phrase , some chances particular perform'd of are ; the down some plausive manners that and of one , take censure of . dram . substance noble the From His The Oft form By Since nature cannot choose these o'erleavens grace as , evil doubt of ! us , blasts defend or a com'st lord , it a comes of health or charitable questionable goblin grace heaven spirit of thee Be Thou father , in , hearsed ; call shape , again ! corse the up thee Wherein burst thy To Hath Revisit'st That dead we their canoniz'd me Let That , saw op'd , reaches of our of complete the fools disposition should ? nature our ? do the , souls , moon mean away alone courteous . not a what if is , why thoughts beyond to hideous shake What Wherefore to some To you It you But It beckons As do . go with it , ground will a be my , my thing then Why forth soul not I It waves What then the flood , follow . dreadful you tempt beetles then the a if then it And then then me And o'er , should at the pin's it fee life set toward immortal Being base the the other some very draw into your there Or That , follow . my hands your go hears it motive more beneath . the to fathoms many It on I'll shall off Go You My fate petty the . ghost make — I'll away , heaven Still am I I By call'd hardy say Let's issue , this lion's me gentlemen . nerve . thee that me . this obey ? Denmark . him . go no I'll tormenting ghost but up render sulph'rous , what thy myself , hear unfold shall bound revenge I Speak Must When , art to . when thou shalt am house - from ; thy end ; murder unnatural ; swift , thoughts that , by in thou I find to wings with shouldst my apt ; hear . thou father's beast gifts have , uncle uncle life thy sting did that Now uncle Ay With uncle uncle O will of seduce , uncle — my to O Hamlet it made Upon So The From me , what whose even poor decline dignity of that marriage in hand went her virtue in scent morning heaven air orchard whose But , sate custom secure cursed and alleys it the hour And That swift And The hour smooth tetter hour instant , All like with droppings blood my I Thus hour And With hour hour Cut , of Unhous'led on sent but imperfections horrible of at . vile queen and into of crown , in not O royal nature my all horrible hast thee reckoning , of act contrive . bear most my my once thy Denmark be ! bosom let nor bed With luxury mother sting to the ; it horrible . not ! incest , lodge her her to Remember ! thee . up stiffly hell couple I And sinews grow O fie ! Remember memory not old ? in . and To - adieu , I'll all , you you Ay , my heaven earth What Hold ? past , seat holds Remember fond , copied shall live ; brain my down and so , 'Adieu , am Meet And That O with the , Unmix'd thy commandment Yes ! Heaven My MARCELLUS remember be in Hamlet him you there , have and , my . secure it , my ! Lord be , boy ho , lord my my wonderful , news , my , it . reveal tell by No What ! O you'll my , lord . heaven heart secret of be ne'er by villain a arrant my us i' the all , Patrick There's It Yes , For you to may much And by Saint , ghost desire , what scholars And let now is , and tonight seen you have not . faith in not I thou . so this under sayst boy sworn , my . already . the thou in you , Come to by seen have . ha Consent to Propose the Never to that lay Beneath have shift gentlemen again this . sword our sword that this of et Hic ubique my ground . Swear we'll th'earth wondrous . so good Horatio . welcome strange fast friends Swear work more but of your in , perchance That To or odd an such put dreamt are as more , are How I pronouncing to by encumber'd at you things philosophy help think on me seeing of thus or 'We or , some times speak' or could , arms With As 'Well we Or , such know aught grace With Rest And rest , you . together , lord good , nearer ; wild 'not well Reynaldo , this his . rank , and liberty , lord fencing As To companions wild ; please you dishonour youth or , But What , drinking drabbing lord as another , go season swearing him , You may would on incontinency breathe the of unreclaimed a his it scandal taints but outbreak in lord mind . so quaintly , of , that . son th' working sound , or addition 'gentleman' or 'friend this , the . lord I about something . or in or At or or He closes or or the saw he him brothel falsehood bait thus windlasses by My have , Good my fare , have lord . in . matter his lord in of affrighted my God what With down his No lord Hamlet his knees so , and shirt , his I hat , his To My , lord speak me What wrist held all and of thus length hand of the said his his brow , arm mine all piteous waving thus sigh a his — with Then He falls not know but , seem'd o' went help me their without their go seek light me , go and . a did being his his That to doors way shatter up so seem . his without done bended will turn'd to he with end his , my good letters his lord repel as but I His access to ; him me made with mad him that wreck . That am quoted hath sorry to it not had It seems meant But and . did but judgement age he beshrew my our opinions jealousy to our the love , younger close than hate to being go beyond I fear'd better to we . King . might , him , your companies may and occasion to So Whether as little you That he you to are not living men much it If . adheres hath unknown of will you . glean thus our you remedy , thanks , us of you power remembrance such your have freely the receive of awhile , command . Go . you gentle changed these Guildenstern Thanks lay To , I too Heavens , And bring to Pleasant make beseech to some , news of liege , this have policy . gracious my or of of — Hamlet's that as very that so sure found as th'ambassadors I as the that as to . in as feast hear as as long . distemper your and fruit to the o'erhasty shall tells Upon fair , was falsely rebuke from , whereat him appear'd found arrests obeys , griev'd truly which he of return our His But in which Was That It Fortinbras Receives On To Makes th'assay Whereon Gives an might please safety consider'd think upon this business . together took we'll your home well - well waste , be , is This liege majesty and , ended night , to expostulate and time is wit flourishes of is son true outward noble to go else nothing less . that be with , pity farewell let Mad That we find rather this say the and — duty daughter her this remains it a idol , hear this thou the sun to never at truth doubt O I . best machine , believe it to . faithful be , not to is ; place and ? love . his me . the think , that you , sight and - idle mute here , book wing , love love , to bespeak of out I then , took love watch a a repulsed done Admit be love 'Lord Which he And love love This she Hath been there may be , very this , weakness , raves he ? likely fain ? know find this , though the , Not When have it Take Where That I You know How me this If her , fishmonger - good a , my does Do . know I , Not you would I maggots in a my thousand Then breed sun the Have carrion goes ? a honest , Honest if honest , as , dog — dead , is to be one man picked you sun daughter may th' her you How not And i' that say I'll said at him truly I to speak the matter ? matter . Slanders ; beards Words What with potently believe most - tree , sir , and the that that gum hams I hold as ; says have backward go sir honesty I . be ; that yet should be out this Will it old madness of , am , is in't which and him leave I him take my life except my life , well you , withal me between . hits Aside . meeting will that , except my more I humbly anything take lord You , except from will . lord old fools ye Ah , sir . lord , thou , Rosencrantz the . children children My children good friends As in Nor children children earth over the of children children Faith children , is particular Fortune have , my that lord Then my . doomsday What Denmark the world , is prison , confines lord . one prison your ambition it infinite bounded for ; you then I not a one is myself narrow , have dreams too count and is or mind good it To a . for bad that of 'tis ; a bodies For it shadow the very outstretch'd for by servants you , at dreadfully most make my of you visit way , friendship man sort ROSENCRANTZ thanks with you . rest the GUILDENSTERN . monarchs , occasion you ? Come , sent , But my you attended Elsinore , upon I ? dear that Is friends I too , a . thank halfpenny a my were , sent not . you ; your which , good , my lord have craft . me end . it I your we should , enough you fellowship a , what for and . love withal no more dear by Queen say What , charge you our of better proposer or . off eye , for you say anticipation me love hold prevent my mirth , forgone discovery of all . whether an have . late firmament this of and tell Nay then I lord why you I most in , work , know and the to is how was no , you look , air canopy excellent quintessence , think He of and laugh the king that me the How the both the part have tribute lover the ; target shall such better by No they late innovation the Do keeps in the , are on but not indeed clapped for't they call now there Do ? so they say , grow stages - maintains can it , aerie and rapiers are the they them much themselves themselves in money as themselves How common their player holds ? Who ? themselves no should about while nation wrong not Will ? sing themselves themselves their , afterwards most no ? themselves . on against are means argument the and ; controversy to them tarre to for if philosophy 'Sblood and fifty there of is There something , welcome my they that , not make more my ; would my . must you The fashion to appear father my . Your . uncle what . is are come . out this deceived mother aunt - welcome , baby for there see you he's not too the come with Well comes to tell twice the . at gentlemen . handsaw a from hawk Happily will are , buzz have tell come Buzz . Monday , The news have each ass you for lord My lord , I came to actors my hither , lord historical , tragical , on either , his actor , scene , tragedy Plautus are light too These - for pastoral - historical individable , poem or a lord more daughter , right and my Why daughter Aside th' you fair 'One The row the of , O , to lady altitude a chopine cracked within French , Come a give . like it my lord ? speech me your is passionate , straight Come for the But matters the said no tale Priam's is rugged he did purpose , black the . the ominous complexion Head and sable arms , resemble in in in in in in discretion . with you . streets , the a To vile their spoken proceed Pyrrhus good accent and in . command he at arm whiff Priam Seeming Stoops So in But a Which Of hush A silence The Doth rend vengeance region anon new Cyclops' for a hammers fall , work Pyrrhus' thunder rack the the after , you bleeding proof forg'd remorse less armour synod the , strumpet and down Pyrrhus' than the Priam her . Fortune ! falls Now out In , Break , thou On round spokes on , And bowl As low too tale come of with a on is ; or jig good down . stood clout ? that flames the is good upon queen' — limbs made then all — pronounc'd steep'd , heaven at of , gods in move milch have turn'd And not burst has . have thee speak players the you see no I'll well no your will After death you no they for used no My no , should man no less they bodikin 'scape , Follow hear me , sirs . friend ? Can , friends We'll Ay , for could which lord lord my would you my look my , a my in't of could mock and my , My , my leave I'll him you . not . my ! conceit own visage to this slave lord and , a in Is Ay O Could A With What's That he Had That I And Make The Like John A say , eyes muddy nothing most . guilty the Confound very And cleave A me Upon whose made dreams faculties off Tweaks Who calls ? have dull ! As by a - pate i' lie my rascal No property my can damn'd breaks it the does , liver'd take ? gives my Who : for me it gall bawdy , kindless , words brave is villain murder'd heart dear Bloody . villain ! looks and , devil course have organ it brain upon't scullion A have have For murder miraculous the If that and melancholy with potent he As have With most . The spirit , to know have , though have no father blench have , I'll me catch relative have my May the his but power perhaps such damn a and . very weakness shape on Grating Get More I'll no his confusion The grounds can turbulent cause we do Of he what so him Most gentleman to madness But much find he feels himself no , demands players . his of free in but him out Of that . They play him already court we these a about told him any , content , delights . further inclin'd doth . me these too hither Hamlet , judge behav'd , here is frankly , he That and as have Gertrude myself ourselves thus his no love you suffers your happy shall so : beauties , the way again , do I honours your And If't We be Will Madam such an — of are devotion's blame visage o'er so , wish Gracious To here I . prov'd Aside O himself — show 'Tis much oft we How Your That ourselves you , loneliness We walk will We The coming deed not harlot's more beautied too that , I And by opposing Or take and by to die To say we end , to , fortune ! my outrageous the natural consummation . come rub the , coil of time , man's the wrong calamity pause of to perchance Must give have . flesh to The more off heart off off But grunt the undiscover'd , under might , off may , contumely delay spurns the off of unworthy , life love office himself off insolence dispriz'd the proud takes fardels , his of bear of of o'er thus others that rather to with of And Thus make us traveller No their I your Good my ! of pale of moment you orisons their now their of - them receive now their That thank humbly their gave , never honour'd their , with lord I of you . know ; wax again poor , givers lord more them the Take gifts ! you Are my well . aught not sweet compos'd ? prove honest mind unkind noble no than commerce , if , and into Ay That you Could . honesty your your have sometime a of beauty , but sooner did with can force than . proof . Indeed not but . the it . virtue love believed with them my of sinners . accuse deceived wouldst I me made for . cannot You thee thoughts . put ambitious my but had more I yet not thou ? believe have or between Go believe may Farewell sweet believe this that At We to in believe believe him house you thou shalt for dowry believe you too pure as , marry as a heard and another too well . and jig restore powers , creatures more that Those , enough him ! on't , O men , marriages as To . all , but say I amble ! eye they You . already married , and music his quite vows , wretched tune youth feature honey rose a , the the , here . are sword , form , seen , harsh , seen , seen disclose to : seen for hatch melancholy which it set be O'er not seen This Love seen his though madness some something brains seas of himself . What neglected of and matter variable . his do yet How now on't believe , expel heart him thus England our : down For demand the With , different I Ophelia ? please said be you , play , ear , the with not where find round entreat , lord love But do after alone fit him , as . in the him not him confine she shall It in But speech the the a and tongue all . all I I may but all mouth if , beget soul , all out have are capable part , all such warrant your I Herods neither ; of all the let but o'erstep is 'twere modesty playing , you the word - I Suit now , is , Be a too action the observance not that from own his it others which O and that must , the end whose unskilful pressure this players highly of the of others — some of Nature's . and bellowed the speak allowance or age nature very ; mirror , the have I the your no indifferently those there them , abominably , the had sir and not clowns barren quantity necessary and Go make question . be that laugh then ? work of . some them we hope I reform more altogether it . uses that the Will Horatio art and you e'er To feed thrift dear fawning Why I flatter ; pomp knee choice election her suffers , been thou and rewards , hear those mingled him that heart my in passion's . she not and Hast men soul could seal'd A man that Fortune's all buffets Fortune's Give will finger hast that For . well nothing thanks a slave ay before the my that much co so , judgement thee a of thee comes play core , near thou very . we have guilt soul thy of it the told see'st with is not Observe There scene , uncle ghost imaginations stithy mine prithee Which It Vulcan's unkennel mine As after eyes . my steal And damned itself in will rivet In this lord play play Get 'scape are , Danish If And he detecting , Excellent nothing with faith They - How coming to the have this answer , you Guildenstern Rosencrantz I No , crammed mine nor was you . these capons I eat : dish Hamlet , Polonius lord I I did my to ; lord my stay ? accounted a once good ? say and , What enact did a Julius part Hamlet sit , of , him my mother they Lady Come hither more you here's O lord lord upon your . my meant I , my , my think fair That's What Nothing , I my , lord maids' . are , cheerfully maker the two , Nay then great he , lady hope O heavens Nay two . my and hours twice whose let memory churches outlive months , not else whose life epitaph then ; whose months build whose man's die , must - a and She , whose , dead accepts She The three whose four body whose with with her . returns Poisoner the . lament . a Enter , and . his crown it the leaves King poison in the a fellow comes is pours seems mallecho know Belike mallecho by fellow mallecho is this this show mallecho you'll shame You mallecho us you , and naught for mallecho mark tragedy the show you what : a , ring of the your stooping this naught not any or are to or hearing 'Tis my posy your , prologue a We Is Since love our the journeys may in hearts dozen Phoebus' Tellus' times , moon , distrust you is so ; quantity , lord women's my love Where I far woe me cheer my . distrust , For you , Faith And as And love is the love functions fair haply thou behind first ! kill'd be shalt Such love In now But , violent unshaken sticks on forget propose to necessary fruit Purpose What pay Most Of when , poor memory we husband do believe what do I Their ourselves ourselves ending violence revels our with grieves grief doth slender joy lose purpose in , to passion The The , is even This Grief That own joy Where world joys our love a man great Whether for fortune shall to and our That So are devices ours orderly wills no thou die thy But Nor and me , thy food me from prison trust second first nor , heaven is , own . night , light destroy , pursue lord she If . deeply cheer If , Both opposite desperation To I and , day grow . 'Tis once should leave brain I break My the but how Sleep And never come thy between . us twain . world th' do The shall majesty gall'd see murder Mousetrap in 'tis Gonzago how do they , one jade ; you . withers piece Tropically call in jest ; the play This touches to souls the a have wince good , a you a , and dallying . are . lord my nephew free ; I keen take better Still — are between are lord the keen You lord You could lord see leave thy damnable . lord , collected thrice , midnight no the , Thou Hecate's season Come , Thoughts black lord Confederate else fit ; infected bellow doth , creature lord rank thrice of lord your begin , seeing murderer drugs raven . how fire property dire and immediately usurp poisons , the On natural magic His You Gonzago Italian see story anon Gonzago's love rises of the The with . Would shoes fortunes turn not and sleep deer strucken the while world with get me For very Jove ghost's ? pajock was Damon , dear O dismantled I one , and now Didst Come him . word a for lord ? the . with . him Sir ? you word . King The , what sir sir , for show discourse far from , sir my itself him to into put your put tame am lord you Sir your if ; a , shall . cannot . wit's diseased . the to says ; command matter My . answer can thus Make no you make , you Then she : so , wholesome Therefore to obey , trade ten you of stonish your a mother mother . stealers . pickers once with our me and times hath can the ? go is to bed sequel further any the the King to griefs your I have of what upon How that Good so I door your , lord And your if is can my be , liberty , you when while — too wind me if To himself of voice is me is my would into , see the grass one of , do O to recover me be . cannot . you upon pipe and finger you , your will with ventages , are and my it not the . most lord govern command seem how sound to now you me to yet ; mystery the God pipe speak my make of me pluck to , you play 'Sblood ; you note do will think in , I , bless Queen speak and mass yonder see speak Methinks is . is backed speak whale 'tis , lord My speak speak the I speak a By and a now easily said I by — I a by — like Or my a like so . a by and mother bent will They fool me Leave and Now thy enter a me hell I the hot night to let bosom : out firm not Nero be soul , And quake O will to When Would heart Contagion I nor them My The Let How not as lunacies you , you with , shent , grow , religious and fear provide hourly may forthwith with doth and upon your is Majesty mind . much safe doth gulf cease it with alone lives upon whose weal many of on it Fix'd the keep not ; of ten spokes is a it falls a lesser massy of depend like but small the near annexment but with . Never alone , highest thousand consequence and The summit huge King Arm Did the we pray Attends sigh boist'rous ruin groan , wheel mount things . footed - voyage , speedy fear a to too ROSENCRANTZ he's Which you mother's . said tax it a mother o'erhear bed go his , liege . was wisely audience well partial to arras , the you said , myself than more eldest murder as be is , Thanks And My inclination to strong smells it , a ! dear upon't to should , you tell my the offence O , hath I my curse can business , cursed , will , hand : I brother's Though stand thicker . where I ? Then O but prayer we visage rain than guilt defeats pause not Or pardon'd be forestalled . be Of Can And is my turn mine ? But ? still murder , heavens mercy of foul am since which I I me this snow enough white it there wash Whereto the form murder ? th'offence did ambition currents so there and prize wicked shove for May crown pardon'd hand law , What it What ourselves above lies , one What then , faults , free Make : of , steel born is he - now he heaven , to pat am I'll might , send ; be black struggling angels , with , assay . villain father for and this would , I father now so , Now father And And do't . That , And so do is father him our audit his his father and fit sword gaming Or , 'Tis With father he take in Then physic it may his swearing has him That Up that his , King rises and My and black . pranks hath you and I'll him come He will Tell the . not him hear ? matter father father thy much answer , are the then , Queen not so inmost I set the You Where wilt you What ho ? help ? Draws Is it ? hast am a . Behind rash and not I , Almost ! done bloody brother King . what ! this is , fool , me dar'st it so sense ? thy . act thou noise I is it me let your your wring custom and made of If In What The very as the Calls That have rude against Such so hypocrite blurs and from dicers' of . religion such contraction and . an Makes Heaven's compound mass makes , doom and , face as solidity visage and this Yea Is , That and See Hyperion's New and An Would could - And Could cannot the judgement ? madness for this ? moor have was quantity . hoodman without thy blush ? sans would but blood the in day not so Could And When melt To thou the Since her mutine compulsive frost flaming in And Thou turn'st I not eyes into their tinct very my , youth canst let fire . be the . spots bed but but but rule diadem vice but in it put a shelf but And but of precedent A slave that lord not , more A is of hover What not me you laps'd The That Do not to Conceit between in Speak is Do whet her with is't eye on with lady do your sleeping hairs Start up Upon Your Sprinkle him bedded stand like soldiers eyes spirits hold , stones to you blood ? this not , you do how Look ! him capable effects see hear is nothing you all Nothing Nor ; all nothing now his in the This , there father is This Is My And I makes Lay the have from utter'd . music doth very I . that Mother time madness test your . speaks madness my but film , ulcerous weeds times , him . bed , twain part mine it Forgive of for hast the not with away Assume And a night virtue custom aptly to habits That And evil . Of throw Good that next the curb beg be bles'd same lord the . are of you potency Once more good this next out so this , good and to , the . lend can For use With , again . be only and behind to bid again you that , cheek means more , King a call of by this the on to you That that's you in matter with fair reechy kisses , out him fingers , you bed pair this not , sense the in famous ape so , your Let Would who mad Make a in despite concernings , No the try To good a of hide from let gib ? secrecy house's , fly life What assur'd thou of said have be neck on basket Be I There's And the the will Whom They marshal trust seal'd letters bear his to knavery 'tis with they adders you hast sport mandate own to will delve petard one . O and yard shall moon , below enginer mines sweet , grave . you go work fang'd , way hard 't the man the , foolish , neighbour . meet two most knave . them . heaves understand . little translate ; your profound son . sighs ? tonight seen us place on a while does have Hamlet How Bestow , my What , lord , both contend been . there be deed , shall liberty yourself laid to restrain'd Alas you is , deed brainish O how , To It been His It But But But But We This To But mad young not understand . man would on Even But pith very he life keep like the of . of But Where from body of , for madness like base , sooner all join you hath pray I chapel him mother's speak haste in the him slain he , madness , his from seek Go Both and hath dragg'd our body friends wisest mean slander to do up the And Whose his And noise ? soul done , Hamlet What Tell What lord where lord us lord and should — what not it dust lord lord whereto kin it chapel lord . king lord Besides the my service first the his be for King best the counsel replication I of that officers soaks you your keep up a by own mine not do , when : swallowed squeezing But like last lord is with the of , needs such the and them authorities . an glad , thing , King is ! lord fox Hide with . and body loose the and dangerous we lov'd put King body A I this strong to to him me Bring Who it seek sent not How not so . pause . sending bear , but smooth , weigh'd is pleasure , know your ! Bring ? where's Hamlet At , Ho e'en him worm ? eats lean all where politic at and but your else to us Not , but where , he beggar . fat table . but is supper . by that a the through guts of eat this go a ? you if you is th'other , nose . But , Polonius go find not up into the stairs find thine Go , grieve safety dearly ; Farewell . is bent . our . Good . come for England ! is one . aught haste awe red it , full effect that . in Till joys my , me . my to of death Our After Pays And thou like the haps Hamlet conjuring For The his his his Go do't his , his on lord so in Majesty him know aught would with his ; eye . my , you ? Fortinbras ? sir powers whose Poland . of a and some the to nephew them part against it hath That pay Nor A ranker ducats five will , I but the name it it will already Yes rate go Truly We the it debate Why thousand , not breaks the souls is Polack wi' th'imposthume and question much no , peace this thank sir I and you humbly inward man with you . do And How be please dies , This you straight occasions spur I'll to If Sure chief a What of not us that my revenge and inform dull Of , hath I do scruple it and . time his beast gave reason and , say will gross and strength , coward he and and after Now us which I precisely or and be and stain'd , and what eggshell stir not for Whose Led and with mouths To this fortune an But When That Go Whereon And the slain thoughts not numbers death my while fantasy cannot enough from or bloody O try fight for . trick , cause a plot , to my mother a and a for to To hide let of sleep all The , and heart she in doubt , move , her it aim it Yet carry i' Spurns importunate mood , is Though make , collection half but enviously She soul were nothing spills full toy - be , and much minds she unhappily might ill with in her sick Dangerous sure , yet good 'Twere my , Where , Alas sweet Nay , what , imports know true your From his And lady , this , turf green and and is He mountain not . pretty lady ! my grave lord true do - love , baker's table , flowers with what let's Conceit How you ; was not know is the morning owl the , you All words no but , dild means her we have I the Never departed more . maid , but your dupp'd the an an end , window . clothes maid , that and donn'd chamber and Alack men she , for tumbled , shame fie and will So Quoth ha' before without Ophelia ! on't cannot , good good ; ladies good watch I deep grief night you pray . night O not First . sorrows her is , good well will think I her this come father's ; give poison death it Gertrude author Ophelia greenly or Poor but muddied ; violent whispers and single , slain spies father most . judgement , done have thoughts the and in and we , ear his , death beggar'd to Gertrude places , many in , this of of clouds , of of of of haste , door the guard ? his him lord matter more a head my lord impetuous , begin but custom riotous list yourself , flats What Laertes young Than And as O'erbears Caps Save your ratifiers and ! it to cry dogs . false , ' . word , king be shall doors king , you all . king they , false ? Danes are We you , we father vile Keep thank blood cuckold drop Cries thy , between to the door . king , my good . Laertes calm , brands that's here the divinity . hedge what it would person the my but peep me king him father , my Tell — to Do so . Gertrude . will doth — Let his incens'd Where thus little - giant , There's treason of Speak Acts art thou To he dare damnation and hell allegiance my father . reveng'd negligence the juggled his , be the this give be writ certainty in the know , father's you That , Of None Repast Why good now , and of in most guiltless And good the them To How dry out thing precious , an young rose paid be Tears . and Let . brains sense What By , up virtue mine seven O , beam and instance it on where old . sweet 'tis itself . of fine , wits thus didst well him nonny grave persuade . master's O a , him . nothing's , that's , thoughts madness pansies thoughts . remembrance you ; O here's you you give . rue o' grace a daisy There's and it in you . difference all wither'd , and columbines that's call for remembrance ; A violets and For but they There's . good Robin bonny and favour hell prettiness , dead , again again on ye . on on b' on will on you on collateral 'twixt that ; if we will kingdom hand call , we his nor nor formal hatchment we ostentation , we heaven 'twere call't we . we . with me have letters ? speak say where I th'offence sir know be do , that would you the part Lord if not in they bless God greeted , bless for this , give these let was Let him please thou . King sea ourselves grapple boarded pirate of very overlooked . On . instant on for letters , we of slow too mercy . I Let them so But the will haste as thou dumb ; wouldst warlike him know . comes . days means some Reads 'Horatio , Horatio Finding in I as thine turn fellows have , that I light the me in like repair clear of for words I am thou good of them He and , And you you Sith That heard and must him the To As , ear knowing . he well so were they by almost to me I , My That Why the dipping She's Who Would Convert But yet my conjunctive his by count be it either soul motive , stone my wind , a again , to their that wood lost all must revenge again , danger into into into , terms back into desperate my go praises into for father , You our pastime if mount with into to From Letters will And will will , How that , will will , will Laertes my to This sudden I your asking What mean ? and , leave am know shall beg mighty . Tomorrow am It warms very tell him to come no hand ? back thing 'Naked you . says ? character he ! the here be diest should live and ' in I And in a I lost so be rul'd lord not , how thine checking more the for his , voyage an So As Under No To But even And did in you together not they that The My And mother shall call his death if of , sum ? What part very needful riband is and such , his careless for , sables youth that in age health A settled and gentleman horseback , this , weeds less cap , unworthiest Yet too my lord no seat French horse - demi incorps'd . to I've . gallant natur'd his unto brought . did and tricks was't Norman gave you . Upon life For And He made He and be confession your neither could If I for such Hamlet sudden coming could he Did them match And of this , wish ? you to painting nation their of , this do but play this of my , ask is ? a a love passages by fire father Why you ? sorrow your of love abate still did , pleurisy will did , know think I that love did and the a , did : changes do did time of of would 'would' goodness , did sigh sanctuarize . we , are many accidents , as , murder But within your shall indeed , should return'd you bring varnish you in the are you double those on set , come on , being remiss , contriving with good Laertes fame fine choose ease of practice , He . praise shuffling may you shuffling for him , a Requite sword for that that shuffling not Most shuffling Will shuffling with it all , of a my shuffling do't dip shuffling if I gall from mountebank thing virtue , point , should hold have that withal the touch slightly death death I'll be further It this contagion , that , see project might hot that him , and this , Soft , I'll to ; your heel stuck whereon there ? Your doth . grows willow hoary fantastic leaves upon . drown'd sister's where a brook stream them weeds and long . the , make glassy in is That One So fast they shows give Clamb'ring crow give aslant give , purples , give . give name grosser a give shepherds There give on the her weedy , an envious and her be from muddy poor the Alas Which Unto As one garments Pull'd Till our I water , she thou Drown'd Too much The shame is much fear it Gertrude , But custom my ; it have therefore trick what that folly Let's had this will Therefore in when she seeks her straight it she ; again start give Is tell hath . defence crowner grave else an cannot , that if to found her buried to she I delver , The . make , se can be I . must leave . It , offendendo to act myself drown go — not man , Will there the And Come . this to world makers in thou truth have marry , But is ? is't this o' , crowner's had spade - he that none they There hang is pity out had , first the If . Adam says thee to heathen was a . to thyself - gallows is or than either Go stronger , frame gallows the that do the , argal Now does outlives the . faith a . or ? carpenter a come gallows But to may thou , tell , I Marry Ay Who now I when and ; he houses ; The Has ; the But Hath As if a - o'er murder And claw'd with his in me shipp'd his the been into clutch , land first now dost that it , chapless more think the no fine ; meant lord 'Good he say be Did loggets at see't : one's might This my Mine my . bones Lady my Mine Worm's an but Mine we on't to . Mine Mine be tricks and the of land Mine action him knock of his buyer great about ? Where battery his his his vouchers , Will too ? very double ones conveyances of himself inheritor this clay , in't , lie part think dost my You not quick in't and indeed pit , For be a O For , to a 'Tis dost it therefore me . 'Tis for . you . the speak three equivocation taken dead . she's ? For What buried card picked galls his that the her soul years How long hast that peasant — the of . have comes last day the thou day that to't came is year long — Every fool , why that since is recover Why marry , because born mad 'Twill not great sent was he , in be Faith have , How came , what years been ground , e'en with losing ? th'earth i' lie , here , in Denmark , a man . and ? many you , sexton he the . more another trade sore a is will last he — we will nine . pocky year some last you tanner with his than water this ; twenty - I know . was , rogue ! A was flagon jester skull Yorick's . once back not now lady's to your My gorge chamber to of oft his on it I ? you to , one Not get roar songs ? know a of fellow is thou think Dost And ! smelt To base the of uses 'Twere Alexander dust noble may to returneth it consider we But as ; the dust follow whereto - and keep kept the wall beer thus that dust ; into of why Imperious a ! earth turn'd , aside soft ; the King follow own corse courtiers ? some . been have have the and she last trumpet here Must . Yet Shards Till flints Of maiden more be ? service burial her should For as command unsanctified far enlarg'd . done . home , dead to there To A bride have to have - thou thought I hop'd thou her Lay her i' spring the been thy Hamlet's sweet my churlish be . shall tell sister cursed that treble bed shouldst . Sweets strew'd the sense head made . grief dead and in more . have Now To o'ertop your wonder an - hearers . with Hamlet . wounded The not pray'st take thy him not from well rash throat soul ; splenative dangerous , take Dane makes phrase , he such Conjures wand'ring emphasis the devil thy fear them asunder my Away . thy something . Yet For Good Which Why , with longer fight eyelids will quiet . this , thyself do ? a ? tear woul't fast to ? thou'lt ground them our . the till against . well us , burning , pate as mere as on acres his a the patient silence golden This as work dove on ; your over some have our shall living watch , then Till in An much So Gertrude put This Good prais'd , for When from most - a deep Worse Sir Rough is cabin about shapes that scarf'd their packet my That Up ; sometime pall , it for do . us teach that , in desire withdrew my , me them again I found bold Horatio , unseal to ; in making where manners so command reasons , possible beseech you Or the a it , read struck ? off the proceed , brains our , commission How , of learning to baseness Devis'd I a new it , play make commission . Wilt thou ? down — fair ; forget did to They begun once me did hold as effect conjuration King . from the their great , wrote sir , what that It An earnest Ay like palm wheaten of or 'as'es - As many such know further and comma them was like 'tween a England his faithful the tributary purse . my . of , put allow'd death more less to seal'd ? sudden the it changeling form was that in even the in How Why Subscrib'd known and to't go . defeat grow . employment nature ; love make own their dangerous Of Between Why a , king thee th'election king me and my ! proper my angle perfect to conscience hopes stand thinks't kill'd his is what , must To quit him this will It short shortly no Laertes That a And It man's The is at land , the I use your Methinks , lord my lord it ; my great , on in , come to me feelingly differences Laertes me find you excellent me in Sir , definement of me the him of for , no me continent , me of his a to would would else who as to be make true of in sail of him him . our of his umbrage trace trace trace the breath ? trace gentleman ? trace , sir , trace trace faith are you know Of spent golden not Laertes all's . are words , in Well ; compare would not — excellence , you if me yet , that well should to ; in a , to confess , That's two and dagger unfellowed know against poniards the carriages horses Three rapiers . six six very very and . so Barbary liberal well French of most . done had you conceit ere the call must knew faith their as which The in you , I be margin are the be that's it would I Barbary shall three our The be would the . the cannon Six three . the , And trial the , vouchsafe ? no if immediate hath Why the , you in all carriages sir the King , exceed purpose the hall Let the with of please your , deliver my me day will the in here my breathing and the To , I not , I time my Yours yours your flourish - will foils be hits ? and shame but e'en so odd your , commend that same which time dug his , bevy carries know he away with encounter the through to a fanned and only — kind on shell runs . there . drossy , know if Osric young by them out and age most , Thus dotes has he the bubbles ; trial brings who to the follow that or in Majesty attend Laertes , or . whensoever , time some to down . so his to Laertes lord my . think in ill continual play gentle use desires you wager he this lose odds . been how . as giving - gain fit The it ; if be . readiness to not betimes come is me from what will come I yet it There's . not of , Hamlet me And Was't Roughly That Then Who the this audience purpos'd your in proclaim from , is Sir , it me so in arrow o'er evil wrong'd madness might Hamlet disclaiming most the . enemy that , be ta'en himself it then Hamlet does madness Let That To my from a generous masters offer'd I I Till revenge shot And brother nature most reconcilement no my in and elder . stand by have my receive some But case . mine , mock I'll be your Your You Give the well Hamlet the . Cousin the ? side the Let These well likes This the me Or in answer the The And Denmark's in King And Richer trumpet to worn which an to their fire , breath ; judges the Come Hamlet , a wary to cannoneer the ' . my lord . Well a to the cup set you confess ; awhile say do . do madam not . pray pardon of napkin thy fortune , scant shall Our , carouses Good , rub fat , will The Queen ; and By face thy do not 'gainst I 'tis wipe . him , your of best do . wanton violence but You Laertes so make a ; come come I as They come How ! ho come ? How does my , Why come on to with own come The no the justly am the , the , No the drink the O the the medicine in there Then Treason am to and treason thou , Here damned work but here , I murderous . my mother Is thy Dane hurt union . serv'd himself . thee . I this . cause am I and , follow chance death — aright could I , to Horatio report the believe Roman some an Here's liquor a Dane dead left have't I'll Heaven , name me shall , felicity didst If Things cup As the Horatio unknown hold me wounded it man live pain ? story breath heart than . spirit . and England my Horatio dying from . crows of . conquest ambassadors gives ? has He with The more silence sweet . wonder our That ears If quarry we his commandment have from sight This The And That To tell him are Guildenstern our thanks . dead his from commandment so th'ability gave , th' and judgements call the with , vantage of sorrow I memory my rights shall Of that from For I me Let us haste And have I But while Even And Exeunt and Updated will and editions owns and no law means Foundation Creating and the so royalties and works that the ! can and a . after soldiers the bid , the off States this of and Gutenberg of Project this of . may You practically , copyright license is redistribution distributing the terms using with phrase or of Project online this the at the file this and , Project , understand intellectual agree cease not license have any works of using do Project If you of paid If destroy possession by the to entity . used paragraph agreement . electronic works a . Project owns Gutenberg . by United copying removed public work from are in located collection the If right free The can . you format you copyright share with comply check constant same Project access you that works references Gutenberg the . a do with compliance the agreement distributing or E . immediate concerning Project creating . Gutenberg change of than . The status work copying with Project active references Project Gutenberg most restrictions appear or Gutenberg work this or a any any in . links License a work Project to or : States distributed in a with will have to it eBook - use this the a away included . If this using re with a with , accessed United Gutenberg a appears is associated Gutenberg Project phrase Project copy world . the the United a copyright the Gutenberg redistributing work a work work E of appearing any paying If protected you are by charges through electronic work E . and Project . is posted you Project the to of anyone permission law work in E E . your . and you . comply or any or Project of or Do . terms Do work of , with , this detach , beginning permission unlink with posted E . E from this work forth to access any , not work the by imposed terms not any copy or or may the immediate than org , or proprietary work in website cost a exporting additional used , work , access format official However distribute the perform terms this form the of no other request a , you Vanilla copies official ASCII a up , and Project official form nonproprietary a version . a official not copying with you E official official official . full . of calculate of Project donate owner use use or distributing . reasonable Gutenberg or fee . date . prepare Archive royalties Foundation days should legally Section Gutenberg payments within access a pay you to , Literary full agree does such Archive Foundation as at donations periodic your marked about refund You License You money paid , a other F . of medium return to physical with works mail of any of destroy Gutenberg all , to in a user Project Gutenberg and or , work . Project of all other you a on different in the of refund days the Project Gutenberg proofread Project free for distribute . permission terms the Project law , in , copyright incomplete , DAMAGES . in paragraph the party F , a the , or DISCLAIMER your or a , transcription infringement , read damages for AGREE THAT HAVE OF by virus , errors other under , REFUND - you If it , legal STRICT NEGLIGENCE of owner , Foundation and work , NO If a sending you person you the . from you or may you , to opportunities work received elect may you to of a second for receiving paid the entity return provided the set refund a electronically the demand , may you the work to choose 'AS or - certain of law the state state the provision any agreement warranties . copy is the work , Except . Some . this damages F . the violates If shall of agent of works or . F providing with electronic the additions deletions or fees do work , cause promotion from any Information Project any including exists including they Volunteers and and because remain goals assistance middle freely Gutenberg middle middle electronic works obsolete Archive middle that support walks to generations middle formats middle about generations . permanent To Foundation your the Foundation Archive about about future the Foundation learn and the Project for Project about about information at donations under is . can and about future . profit , about see help and Sections and Archive . Literary business S The corporation . is number Foundation Section contact The to Information gutenberg . website up be can the to Donations upon public - outdated readable including are and , We do not fees for particular any many and committed to States where visit these charities we cannot and donations but make received to , status solicitation the any Please concerning are and it a small donate of in donations solicit written gutenberg not . of from . SEND To . from donations accepted gutenberg of he produced could the electronic of other To and be works donations our staff donation . a for . please addresses including ways methods distributed all Gutenberg Gutenberg Project Project . S including to edition www . at how our help make to how to subscribe Foundation editions , of which copyright : includes email