. Stand Stand Stand . Stand Stand ? Stand carefully most your to quiet guard a had think I And to ground . is Who you night reliev'd - this I Give , Give , him . there Barnardo hath soldier honest , has Holla Say And Horatio not have 'tis minutes the watch take hold of us him come to . appear not speak apparition of twice our says eyes seen , this . seen , story this , have your may Tush again , assail against down 'twill Sit , so yond Had When break Peace , In the it Thou a figure same like the King Mark off , Look harrows it , King it speak the Looks not It It . wonder me What Question it , this that sometimes In ? See Stay ! and I charge thee on't ? avouch believe ! fantasy the eyes true you What this might and not I As In thou very th'ambitious 'Tis . what now Why nightly And So particular stalk before gone our , not watch hour : sore war , task ; haste our most to Fortinbras ; me Our the day ? his , competent the all a seal'd those by heraldry to a of law and , which the stood our King gaged carriage His Had he fell Was hath doth As That Shark'd up a his terms it For skirts unimproved to But the main lost recover well of rummage our and watch And those ; is other there full , state foresaid , preparations the lands hand no strong take so these of so this no sort the portentous wars King our unto appear us by of by to haste of father this And So Did squeak little armed I source post it motive this - Of think be question that through is watch : eye mind's palmy Julius fell blood of , stands dead , events preceding to the precurse ; and trouble high ere almost the prologue omen still together demonstrated ! Stay me , good , thing . be grace and me use to . thy to ! life , country's earth walk , spirits Stay . it and , uphoarded in speak in ! oft thy of to , fate speak me speak speak , speak speak ! We do speak it it offer it To here For here here wrong 'Tis here blows the show , started it was about here Upon The a It here is as our And And Doth Whether No crowing his crowing then And The The , wholesome crowing they are do part is the hath no spirit birth our crowing It Some Wherein crowing that dawning power time strike ; crowing , night crowing . advice tonight . to find shall we most , clad high in morn the , look Walks spirit impart us young Hamlet we , up watch to we , him of Attendant , Laertes , Where , woe fought think ourselves queen our of dear our Hamlet grief in in Though To Yet we wisest remembrance of discretion now defeated state , dropping 'twere to and , Therefore Have so Together That sister sorrow and brow with one , on . warlike a dirge and we have with herein barr'd in dole which weighing this jointress one with , scale funeral as auspicious nor that a not , along . know young brother's death our have worth frame those bonds for : writ him here much have Fortinbras scarcely suppress , rid meeting , dispatch all of : and and Cornelius subject full ; nephew's much Norway impotent of bearers Of to and further Of Who To the , and bed - we to young uncle made the are , proportions purpose herein gait His his : we Giving In You your not Laertes , now that You And head The is native . mouth thy beg the is't , with farewell show our ? the the thy wouldst reason of . not thou Denmark thou favour my offer hand offer offer throne instrumental to , France offer Laertes , came . offer Polonius offer from ; duty to ; coronation bend , Denmark lord to willingly bend confess again gracious wishes bend To Yet My bow you Have bend do Upon his beseech . bend Aside But is How it bend now thy And my little best , more lord Hamlet Good so , Do Seek Ay madam , all , And Passing it seems If , my suspiration suits ! Nay alone madam not Nor Nor That For But These commendable and trappings and which suits passeth might seem grief survivor father term some the lost is to and father obligation In That you must But lost 'Tis father In To Of understanding we An heart know the As it Take what any Why heart to against we our dead Fie in , most should , most absurd fathers the vulgar ? reason vulgar . ' for woe vulgar the father ; with no vulgar most toward impart vulgar which vulgar to back vulgar most the we cheer beseech going I immediate It And in Our chiefest immediate Let immediate pray immediate I immediate immediate Sits smiling This Be jocund great the cannon health that the in my and unforc'd to heart to ; speaking But the - rouse And Re that King's too and that O His canon too resolve self stale the fie to it Oh all - the , Fie Possess two Hyperion grows weary , uses 'tis so not come to grown month — woman — old she father and my body shoes a and ; A all think followed . and Hercules salt and My have mourn'd the such and to , Niobe and the yet Than O God Ere Had Like beast , more incestuous cannot it Hail am Horatio my glad your to or , The And I Sir I'll make And what you that from Marcellus lord good my ? you Good from lord my even , sir ? Wittenberg — good . you make , disposition , truant not you make To Nor Against . is your affair your no in ? depart are Elsinore you . meats . marriage funeral upon in my see I that day foe ? father bak'd tables , dearest Horatio all his . Who ? while I gentlemen may father a ! for admiration attent to you . their the , had let till deliver had had hear on love had had Barnardo had these gentlemen , had solemn and , to had This . they of fear whilst - thrice did in true your deliver'd each I knew made watch him not ; the . we watch lord My Did But My none head morning shrunk cock And Itself at And live it the motion even And I to , it know . in of it think did do As MARCELLUS the this , and , you . toe ? to head From lord from frowningly in ? he he saw my his wore lord Then more What , countenance , his I would , with one like like have amaz'd , longer might . tell . hundred long ? life it silver'd when Longer I'll I Perchance I assume it noble father's hell . though , this sight , well tongue twelve . tonight no and . to as arms in , earth all sit some Though doubt the , My necessaries And o'erwhelm . Farewell not give winds embark'd the is let the a blood do , me , and perfume A Hold in For For The thews In trifling and youth , so this doth loves not ; lasting minute not , own his not is ; nor The The Unto the voice must and therefore And the may he he is If Or Fear Ophelia in the , his of itself galls morn in oft canker their before infants buttons are most then Youth to And the Be wary 'scapes and itself , th'effect some my shall to as heart the not like a . ungracious thorny and Whilst not puff'd of rebels Contagious I Do As watchman Yet too A The , here you Laertes And are wind smiles ? shoulder of blessing memory no act . tongue , you . thoughts means entertainment ; for sail , shame your but unfledg'd their no of of thee in thy his palm being : gaudy thy Beware buy reserve purse thy quarrel thy tried comrade voice in : follow : loan This But not express'd the man ; station . I my not and best rank and that . man in season then borrowing most select generous have dulls both lender friend ; key memory above all , your Thou canst leave remember it of the shall . said to you ? keep keep keep keep . oft and put caution audience so not so 'tis and you keep well Marry me hath ; keep bethought very , daughter you What is't , Ophelia keep , on . You his most . for tenders As behoves my think . Which Marry That — not to — tenders many made late of , lord Of in such ? love a the . to , my call Running , it And , must You in more not something light promise a Set so Believe Than heat Than heat not Do heat may that be And heat with command heat your for parley larger . entreatments take , fire your at few tether , heat Even of heat in words As a Lord young : give The Not much . is Ophelia ways Lord , is ; to pious for this Hamlet cold eager a air Have , beguile . moment . hour What It shrewdly obey . I King as The And The And wassail to More my in to And honour'd the - This heavy tax'd of other with swinish nations and it attribute particular in not origin of men , grace , o'erleavens undergo pure take dram of , one Fortune's they censure as , that too forts stamp as corruption Hamlet , lord us defend ! shape , thee of me tell death but answer of of , marble may of , charitable of sepulchre of jaws this complete moon of the , disposition What souls should of fools reaches our we shake Wherefore ? you it To ; then speak not Do do But No It no means will by not set soul Being waves And Or to o'er dreadful toward a , Why I for not what It And very draw And The Which Without . still thee follow beneath sea lord . your lion's in out fate your Nemean Unhand , me your follow I'll your that your cries your artery , not issue your . Denmark to obey state the direct . it Whither Must When wilt thou but . will I is hour , render up ghost unfold shall I revenge art thou , me . term spirit walk to to fast in . done night of my in that I fires am house nature word , forbid prison hear shalt , lightest part end . be to on young their blood my tale ; of soul locks a the purg'd away I Are burnt tell harrow Would Till foul crimes secrets But to spheres from list , freeze whose start thy stand hair combined like quills If To of O foul didst this upon blazon fretful the love not must ever blood eternal , List ! Revenge , foul most strange the most and meditation , with of on sleeping whole in than thou in this . apt ; the Hamlet , hear . revenge , process , crown thou . youth of of death my orchard my , wharf . father's ear thy that me stung not rots duller That itself be the O Mine my that forged wears know his incestuous and — seduce that adulterate won to with vow . virtuous was to decline — dignity the of and there power queen lust shameful his ! me So To those That So court , in But whose to natural even shape garbage a radiant heaven of it gifts poor were in it sate itself And prey I Sleeping within orchard through , crust , posset milk it about into and vile of , sleeping , my smooth , All like , reckoning Of Most , And a , But A , prick To Against , The Taint , to If thy Let hast all With couch O howsoever not mother thy up grow O heaven , sinews globe , Remember ghost while of table the In But couple of ! O me heart ? my old holds thee , past ! heaven my my pressures of forms . and . Yes , baser thy commandment matter most villain youth That O Unmix'd , And Within villain book . the tables alone all observation pernicious , smiling woman all Meet smile and I , sure it may , you are is it adieu there , have sworn't I and HORATIO MARCELLUS . Lord Within Heaven lord My . So be secure it , ho , Illo boy , ho , my is't noble Come , my tell , lord wonderful by . it lord heaven Not I , my — it think ! lord . lord in all dwelling . MARCELLUS secret man heart be , you'll , grave , part : all , you part poor point circumstance more business hath for pray , and and business and I'll , Look is Such , your it And as it are wild These every own go whirling words lord tell me between We ? request . will soldiers and good that , may your you are is And It Nor I We sayst so Art Swear there . lord , indeed sword , Cries you Consent . thou , cellarage my . the , on ha , Ha boy Come upon sworn , speak Propose my the hear to et Beneath sword you my by of again again Hic to Well said again lay again Swear this have my upon that again but welcome wondrous so . friends sword . again Beneath by my th'earth . fast you bear and again never on , Horatio — help shall , and day To perchance in stranger night a in before are O therefore put an hereafter so myself I times , or ; giving : out your at of Swear me , love , And do . perturbed I poor and gentlemen you to me So love on a . most ambiguous aught you That know mercy . to Nay ever out fingers lack your spite . together . in pray together was shall what rest May do With , joint go set it cursed go us Let I I of born lips right . let's O and him his , lord I first ; Of did Danskers are intend Look . said . in , and means expense ; what ; keep nearer him , sir , you it drift , and of they , more . say he's , his , come and at , particular his know 'I , you encompassment distant son will knowledge touch it friends my , ' mean ' youth and noted wanton him please may are you ; companions such ; I father this lord 'not you may , so and be but if't Addicted forgeries sir As As Ay that , go , his breathe is . charge him may would : Faith Quarrelling lord , must You or not meaning and savageness assault the . this the I the , the the warrant ? the do my But Wherefore should , my Marry laying You it is , sullies you little a of drift that . know ? Where — leave ' ? to something I about consequence gentleman , rouse , as you say — day or . of you in's advice , lecture assays out and you . me directions of not ? have . well you I yourself lord in , music . my lord . chamber all in , unbrac'd his , his to God affrighted name each other , knocking ankle foul'd the I Ophelia With lord Lord Pale his , my Alas , Hamlet as his with was down been , but ? love comes me before his all thy held said wrist of his me not of he a , his knees horrors do I thy My , thy Mad thy thy it rais'd a And thy thy What he he with would draw a As thrice being doors is me last did seem That his went to sigh his And Come he , done piteous his eyes the King . lets shoulder very itself love seek will will any , sorry of command , am you letters access His did our as As And does have you given him . natures lord afflict my No I meant not am That , What leads oft passion my proper as is cast to I . in younger we is . grief discretion , than , common ourselves wreck To As it known It to quoted had And be More This seems . which must need Resembles Of Since More And , time your so gather , glean to may him , thus court , humour remedy our afflicts and within he . not , please you living and there lies unknown pleasures occasion you talk'd of you , hope thanks , have king's majesties more entreaty Than Both your receive of our will Rosencrantz And Put your dread here give our lay We up To be ourselves and changed Guildenstern . Hamlet our . and Guildenstern and . practices and is where and presence and and our Pleasant too My And and bring make , him found mine , brain soul , liege good King hear to so gracious my this of that hold , duty lord been Assure you of great . them that he bring son's , but the main marriage , him friends other no queen of o'erhasty hath in distemper . sift from we . Norway brother , our Voltemand , Most But To His Welcome greetings which to out and return Upon That falsely borne It On Was Receives And at our therein It more regards and . read . took - well home . Most , you we'll feast this upon are As , thank your rest to us we Meantime us likes us think for Answer us at What us us welcome duty and noble is mad mad , no A true I But ; for the is't is farewell 'tis , find let 'tis , swear , brief brevity define else . use all . art art at use then of this use foolish true use use pity ; use use beautified is Ophelia , the . she and Now soul's idol vile shall ; you a but , phrase hear most phrase have not , art my , time ear , by hath above whilst by hath lady obedience in most love am never the that But at truth these , his solicitings ; Adieu to reckon best is me , place and , faithful . it told I so seen had What man perceiv'd dear Majesty my my If Or Or And my be no That This must What And Which I had might my look'd you a ? this winking , mute sight out then of short then into to declension this thence and now into herself messengers took the , this a . fast make , that — know , otherwise were prov'd I , know ? hours . four indeed daughter an my does in he So time I'll the walks him , then . comes not state thereon carters try sadly where At Let But But Away board keep be not encounter from a We look I'll a Lord does Excellent you know me well Do do beseech , honest . my you honest Honest ten , true as this of in carrion breed That's you very a , dead th' sun may ? he said my . Words , words , gone me How not daughter i' youth again I suffered What words my ? you — the is What And first ; to , Slanders ; yourself sir plum slave . slave For ; and that faces which slave hold All should , believe weak yet slave I you potently slave - most beards sir slave madness walk go slave . hits between most will I so A is be , there yet the my as . I in't — and and . daughter take that him . on my more my . willingly you part ; my life I , except you Lord Hamlet old save ? of soles my her very - of are are the ye Guildenstern ; happy . earth ? dost , button . she of we ? favours . the , What Fortune Prison that you But , is not my near is Then Then one my prison confines there nothing it is ; in one , my 'tis , have makes it to We you not so for To so . ambition be is is a for nutshell it a , I ambitious , dreams and our , and ambition of and Shall We'll ROSENCRANTZ wait with , and halfpenny I but visitation Come And and speak nay free thank and come dear Come , Is too are , way you lord it my inclining me with even ? sent ? is and there . my we of anything , I that to must enough confession teach preserved for even . withal - you fellowship ever . I and by no or of consonancy . a the by could proposer you whether . prevent your no my a brave my with we an Guildenstern , Queen I will Queen your Queen secrecy to the know , it , Queen lost so me , noble express like , to to a , earth Queen the me is , how is in ; reason Queen , feather moult Queen thing than roof canopy frame and , the paragon , Man your by there then laugh , I 'Man said delight . you , you if lord no smiling me animals when you My did , hither lord ? delights seem such they king lungs shall offer his — to not We be the shall laugh humorous are shall my the He of shall not lady the those shall players me the and sigh to mind whose . think they Do Even make those freely were , comes they so was when both of both the — delight such by they ? residence means , in reputation the ; on late ways . inhibition the did , Do wonted , are — come now but is the that thither . wearing , Are many question there . are they indeed ? that . 'em quills they grow rusty . scarce ? can better maintains themselves so — should means to controversy unless the to . on . they they , they most been exclaim longer Who and - goose children grow no are their if much has there , like , tarre Ay sin to no bid them carry lord Hercules of , than picture , apiece ducats hundred mouths , Do there has boys uncle for natural his much ; O , it away his my my is , make Gentlemen garb welcome the my . more to the I tell you the . is the , southerly the the the ? lord players fashion lest my - and entertainment which . yours - uncle handsaw . what north you too yet them of me tell prophesy second you you but mad , it . 'twas Mark so to have a , a : to actors my , buzz The tell you . Buzz — lord My lord are news have The best in actors pastoral of writ What treasure the , he loved liberty historical the - cannot be of Jephthah lord daughter that I love is valanc'd thee my voice when since I like , Masters . ring God fly , give Pray the a than your or anything , of at others million if , mine down top received speech cracked to't Come speech , never with sallets scenes were in the , wholesome modesty — remember as of phrase method . and as lines the fine an nor , much speaks of line it begins no cried it in one but it matter there to Dido called handsome One live me resemble horse night gules , gules fire light gules and seeks , him gules , Priam grandsire , gules you the damned gules , gore hellish . good with accent he Anon short Striking Rebellious Pyrrhus Stoops Takes So neutral Pyrrhus' was Of And silence bold as vengeance And On With Out , out general the round low and , synod the the shall to for Say or on a your , tale with , or Prithee he Hecuba barber's ; beard bawdry . too come is 'Mobled threat'ning upon clout , th'alarm lank in diadem rheum her late Who bisson Run That's good up the About A But if burst of mortal made Unless And where have you well no more . tears time . Good let , than of hear soon a the abstracts rest Do brief you and . live bad chronicles every Use them Come ? hear you Ay night which you Ay You friend Can We'll The Murder study not not , a down lord not . you mock I'll , not him you not not , passion wan'd not whole his and his eyes all distraction his function Hecuba aspect , tears I cause indeed . my a peak ears mettled rascal , king be throat th' ? i' this ? kites kindless or , bawdy ere and , the is This ! dear like upon't ! creatures guilty by , scullion ! Fie cursing my brain soul of unpack my the an to I For With Play Have the have struck though organ the have to so murder I'll They miraculous I'll something uncle it I'll . I'll my course to him the my of I'll know a . pleasing I'll he me to very shape is than The my such . with . conscience this harshly keeps some sounded confession aloof . speak , of question But much a like on him true his Most , free assay you so Most Did , Niggard Madam - And hear he To my To so it hear drive hear we 'twere Sweet For If't Of We Hamlet's for your wildness bring Ophelia We Will your That Madam here ourselves bestow That will loneliness . O deed my O to devil , prov'd Aside cheek , 'tis or The slings not Or The No by And To That to heart , my lord the that ? against a outrageous to is to Whether be ; more we us shuffled the To sleep in flesh - Devoutly and ache sleep of heir dream . There's this so die a natural sleep to To the Must the the give the and the , proud man's love might , the law's takes , the , the we have , unworthy bear ? moment of puzzles the ills know bear make the great regard with that bear from something bear after bourn whose we those not will bear us hue cowards bear of , bear of and turn thy day well . yours . sins Good for well . sweet so gave I you aught remembrances , well . them re well to givers ? perfume ; ha My Are What , lord lord lordship ? from gives honesty transform translate can but no admit with ? our . cannot believed we have my me relish ; for virtue I shall the proof . my ; nunnery thee was was did made love I you stock You should not but a myself that thoughts them are revengeful my your of father that . heavens ! Farewell he lord ? crawling . Go or time the . play may us imagination What Let arrant the be doors upon At home own him , as : farewell go and what Or . well know enough quickly thou powers ; thee this snow I'll you , ice a to , if monsters . Farewell make , marry you you . them of , your given you make made To o'erthrown of down , a , all wantonness . I say hath and quite , form eye . tongue and is O most most ladies see sweet with That unmatch'd I what seen Blasted ecstasy jangled noble that form what His honey That And Th'observ'd all observers , quite out and . see blown harsh , I that something and his little , brood in a soul him neglected our seas settled do Sprung You heard from fashion Whereon For set it down objects , in matter puts different shall his do of But love and . tell all grief plac'd be To We it you . queen If she confine ; so show his , let or be must think so shall not , as all lines you mouth spoke pray you crier may my say it , it your to it tear inexplicable o'erdoing . this with special tutor . It shows passion offends , Termagant groundlings your , both the nature , the and overdone but your allowance I that have gait to nor not so men the journeymen , and the abominably , speak the sir with the so strutted the and the speak the your the most , it uses meantime set fool the Will in How . to them those For some villainous on that this , will my lord , GUILDENSTERN ! of work ? hasten make As e'er thou my your , just , I think my O cop'd withal , service flatter'd , hast advancement , may do e'en sweet lord , Horatio , art , what no not hope but thy absurd the thou her of of , For , that . And thanks with Fortune's and blessed co well . pipe are been hear knee the from should . Why candied pregnant Dost all are I heart's my In please so of much too the near I One not core , slave , Give heart before tonight play , Even a , damned imaginations are that ghost Give will itself And mine , For And I eyes . we to rivet both of , in have guilt note judgements seeming , Well In after , And he As Vulcan's mine thou see'st comment , his will his join face him If 'scape detecting the whilst this pay I . and , flourish . A coming we censure lord . playing . dish these feed must be idle Polonius . the are capons not mine . play'd Brutus . actor good killed Be there . the you . you patience a you accounted . you ? you that attractive you , I ! here's mother , the ho Lady your lap ? my head , Ay my my lord . lord . I , my . two wear months lord have O suffer . But not he is horse - Queen very horse forgot then churches hobby and seeing declines kneels , his , crown his and She She a with , there's hope of a of , on of a of The of action off . woos of What seeming exits , takes . to the with some . end The gifts with lament loth seems , or show are this this show by argument fellow tell us not you what our for the this to clemency patiently , Neptune's salt About Since 'Tis or , love . round ground Tellus' twelve Hymen sacred may the love so be ere from , it , love aught neither women's love In hath or and my lord , are you , count journeys in most sun and moon done of former your though nothing must : state know so fear too : do , leave fears thou love instances The A of thrift who the , kill'd accurst breast marriage . bed kisses break . we memory the kisses tree . or kisses of violence , ending kisses Their kisses to passion joy Grief That kisses Where joys is left or a lead , fortune question , grief with ourselves What To pay revels joy aye with grief most lament . change makes down hitherto want seasons orderly But Our who love poor in end their no , and where , give wilt thou thoughts food lock trust think ours fates him a needs hollow his who Our Sport To here , If To Ophelia I blanks widow would she should break I it , prison desperation anchor's , what and If opposite , that Meet , Madam never And come Sleep thy us brain between , much she'll ? argument poison you do the in there jest call . the Is jest do but Mousetrap done murder , Marry Vienna anon see , and we jade is one have free knavish Gonzago that a good and you are would It keen mistake You you , and faces On Thy Hecate's With Thou Confederate extant him and , i' poisons th'garden very in murderer the wholesome choice the estate . gets King of . rises ? deer lights go ; sleep . feathers two a in with ; and , a me the strucken ungalled dear , was pajock . Didst pound . lord poisoning my well the Ah then , For if Why the belike did Upon , some very Come he my , a whole Ay my With him itself put , for wisdom me to Good my mother Queen your sir most tame am wildly your , will . the do If it , hath my you as I shall she your more you to you if , no can Make wonderful thus son at stonish matter : or diseased , hath struck her rather command says her ? closet . me so can with she trade with times speak obey My lord , cause by if lack advancement your deny I the himself of in grows — the once . the stealers . to voice Denmark To you my bold — but , sir , recorders . How to the recover when while me of the Ay wind see me , be My you cannot pray beseech I . know I I I Believe no Look give it harmony . these of you and discourse stops are you ; excellent , it is sound , mouth ventages to how now , seem utterance you would from my play upon voice me you you do , music know and there fret me , you Call cannot bless than you a unworthy to would pipe a God you 'tis like like a ? will ? me that's cloud with speak yonder you By lord see , weasel a whale . top , by . and backed is my mother — fool . I is very . I witching of me night itself . I hot day breathes out , friends . time hell as , firm . drink nature this not her soul never with soul none consent , dispatch along may not safe is safe Majesty . mind much and majesty more rest a is gulf doth but bound is the massy a when lesser it which with , ruin a to this this upon - voyage fear . footed mother's it should a than , well go bed to know . lord I what you dear my , curse Pray sharp can as my double I if shall this with in the snow ? of visage we come this , what I'll ? O Then I did am I retain ambition , currents of and by the 'tis wicked But there we , the and when , O bosom . Help , that . heart of . and be may . pat . I'll I so villain am now , sole this O my his crimes father broad circumstance stands and purging thou in of pleasure asleep and in him is he , When sword in gaming That him his The fly hath been too screen'd round I'll , hear I , what's the father father with a ? now not are You that speak not glass you . me ! ducat A ducat thou ? O , not ducat what done King a hast know ducat deed good deed his ! ducat this , bad ducat king a and kill bloody A ducat rash and Is the me I , O Polonius I took Thou thy too your wring me of your be made for ; it so stuff penetrable Peace , sit down . fortune you I against braz'd some — thy shall — danger fool heart 'twas for it is , noise heart it damned of not bulwark and heart , proof I In so heart an grace virtue That What heart heart Yea this solidity words of tristful visage very from the As And Calls the sets Hyperion's like indeed , command himself this of seated to , the presentment Ay so was picture loud , me and Mars curls A New every Here you on batten Could is Blasting his this cannot You was And hey And Would ? tame you , follows . man a like . Ha ! and is the in this fair , Look husband day This To step you this , The - call moor on it Else upon from to Nor To But Is it serve That Ears Or youth melt When part part in frost O Hamlet eyes part see mine turn'st And part Since there will Nay , own fire part . the my more part . but of rank O in Over speak No more me no ; ears . Hamlet words These Of your cutpurse A That guards me and ! king Do to but Do Conceit to , fighting almost on strongest How her . sits ? by visitation mother Hamlet you lady , on hold vacancy , works . do O excrements gentle , end , the eyes an flame you , Look to he thy of . in alarm peep with eye your and cool and . Whereon do life soldiers your wildly in spirits discourse , the ! patience conjoin'd and them effects whom true want nothing hear ? see . that ? this nothing you you ; you , where father the . steals . look even there ! his habit as at ! test madness madness , liv'd he of creation cunning yours ! brain . of love ulcerous my for ; your speaks grace , soul . is not , this me weeds , of other the half it good . do pardon these times virtue ; to my twain in part with thou the O virtue the go But . use the evil monster to shall abstinence can almost you curb either With I'll For And I That To I must I And do gave I I more , word good to remains lady I do I that , again will good : so me . do , his you bid you of tempt cheek for your to paddling him , am this , his with all 'Twere queen Such from That in mad Make in , What a neck damn'd out madness let know , ape the the conclusions Let No a Or the let , your Would For who craft I but . essentially and dear Be And breath and , and and , life , know said had I and They marshal knavery they as Let , enginer and way ; 'Tis mines work , 'Tis on two will ? 'Tis , so forgot concluded 'Tis 'Tis schoolfellows fang'd sweep must . to yard O . 'Tis two set packing directly go the shall hard , counsellor . sweet below , petard own lug good in , You Where is your fit These most and , still was , There's place good in must this , Bestow my Mad lord on us a How and mightier sea wind when In brainish good deed heavy this , Hamlet something hearing . fit stir a apprehension rat Gertrude , what , ' ! there to and our of providence answer'd . everyone be out ? deed us , But what a life owner of foul much , gone he ore , vile this , our all with join countenance Friends both we will The We O mineral his Among But no sun must and what base metals done and hence in , speak mother's I pray slain some Polonius hath fair up you call both , we whisper out you go madness , them as the you done the cannon we'll Gertrude , And And level his you the is soul poison'd woundless hit you Transports Whose As you , and our mean wisest , do , to world's so what slander diameter our , And full . of stowed it , Hamlet Hamlet Safely . on Hamlet Compounded Hamlet Hamlet not believe it chapel may we , kin . Hamlet . Hamlet to , replication Do of sponge keep what me and mine made by my best be dry , again ear sleeps is the speech knavish but , it tell I body thing is go gleaned jaw ; it first you what understand of must King the after . multitude , distracted and fox Hide . this that judgement bear must seem the even the on goes their the him loose the him put . To smooth weigh'd is and , the ; the reliev'd desperate Diseases How We get is bestow'd , befall'n the your pleasure , from ? to in . my know lord , At ? Polonius . Where ? eaten your but , variable he but king your is worm is us . Your , alas A the of ! king that that with fish man fish that worm Alas one That's only for two — dishes of eat , progress this may go eat by of fed thou through . how thither Where . shall To th'other . him month Send i' this that thou this do Which , will He . you him nose some deed Attendants stay till you ; thee bent hence at prepare help is . England father man , so at foot loving mother it not Away my is , mother . I'll for everything on th'affair else Follow Pays Since Our By to letters death the must like process , Hamlet my . my haps present sovereign me , For The hectic cure I , 'tis . the king greet his Fortinbras done , full , it that Till in joys from kingdom him , Tell that in would know a license Craves Captain We shall will express our him of , them them pay That five them will Nor ranker A them then them them Two Will is inward man the Why Will't with occasions dull good do revenge straight b' , my Go . inform . What market A with and , too . do't this army a , mouths what an eggshell , without mother and a my and twenty to my stand a great , I shame of fight , try enough , or not speak , indeed be she have , straws sense . half speaks of her and use ; fit up collection to nods there yet with in sin's some true nature guilt is spilt be of song mark you pray gone and but Ophelia . my sweet here ; not grave showers pretty the owl we what Conceit no words , Saint the at maid be To up Let Then la Alack Quoth You they done , not hath she long We would . thank good ; I ; the father's is her your , Of Next , Polonius' and from which Her Last on wants pestilent his is as much unwholesome to ; and inter their people thoughts and whispers greenly beasts , judgement these France in his infect father's , arraign , list , haste , to king it shall Laertes applaud counter this false let's No Danes Sirs are , in . O . father Laertes bastard . brands unsmirched true the father , proclaims me the harlot brow . such go rebellion Gertrude looks , giant Do . divinity , thy treason but . to hedge it king person fill . be the juggled with devil , to the not ! Vows , dead he and damnation . this to ; for , not shall will My my If dear your That Of , but his will and enemies and my pelican ; true gentleman father's you child and a with thus know them , that level in your eye Let my up and of weight . times . her ! of seven , wits man's 'tis itself salt O as love possible some sends is possible , hey nonny — possible possible persuade , dove my , non possible , life After possible fine it stole . on barefac'd , well and ! It It could rain'd nonny is daughter - thus him false you the . a ; steward than more remembrance that's matter pray it call , is for of grace o' you O . They he say joy hell . died would There's Sundays father my is my end when . good There's Robin come is dead , as poll is away on O God commune with right must me . deny of you Or , wi' b' . soul . give call us , ours Go your grief , hand we ; your , content obscure so burial o'er formal earth his . if but with patience that his this give nor be sword rite , death noble No as must So you 'twere , That be heard to th'offence pray go let shall in . question , bones ; call't is trophy , nor I , with ? for world what Let say them Lord the of from not . you bless God him and't , shall from I be not do I should Let , sir name if it a know for let I as was am to There's England , you . give your sir , these Ere we us compelled they have to have too thee bring fellows their hold thee to they haste will make the much Rosencrantz I He that thou these give , And I Come To him . that you way whom speedier the from speak am in thou thine them your put heard my acquittance for seal letters direct may . them brought you friend , ear , me these , were wisdom against appears Pursu'd , and you he So to me you , may , not It proceeded so and Who Is That Convert his Too gyves slightly dipping , the to like timber'd where have reverted to for And the conjunctive plague She's My I all spring to so For Stood worth Break That your I think it , let . your will , father hope And What , now for and to Majesty Hamlet hear love You . will not must and be can of with danger , imagine ourself shall flat dull to . not them them they say , my from this brought to by , Hamlet your From Sailors They Reads kingdom . What should and Tomorrow , shall mean it Or shall postscript character Can a 'Tis Hamlet's you here in it I It , diest thou . to ' in Laertes ? me rul'd be Will be live warms If o'errule not my lord ? peace to a . return'd , he him means work — fall wind accident , device will that now . now shall no be rather if And it choose much a travel . right falls you I been they that might I he his his But mother uncharge call will ; could , quality , my from sum Your for of him in regard lord my , that the cap unworthiest that the too riband is part the in the Of the Yet , livery no his of against his , the French , and graveness gentleman and well had the the brave beast . did of So and the . was't incorps'd far he demi natur'd seat - tricks , Lamord . brooch is eye defence especially a scrimers so neither could swore oppos'd had If If gave art And cried you motion That That For he And He gem envenom He Hamlet envenom this of nothing one envenom are envenom Laertes But envenom that that you ? envenom lord out Now , envenom you was out Or of think I kind There that Not Time of goodness his do A For own at is tongues back words son the like hands delays this would his father's in indeed show than i' , should ? murder But good Laertes chamber home : excellence ; double heads He generous not little peruse set you and free , on you , on , a with And Most And sword Or A Will it draws mortal for I unction can all but moon , simples the have knife in touch gall slightly , point rare mountebank virtue it . anoint of I purpose but dip that from withal no save Collected With May fit have make your in your did drift our be , contagion scratch'd death . my fail hold might . through . both of time dry , venom'd stuck but sipping , Queen sweet another's , Laertes . O Your ? stream she glassy , did daisies a name , purples . make brook , a aslant leaves give dead pendant do shepherds nettles , garlands is his hoary ! call grosser maids That flowers with liberal shows But Fell the When awhile snatches garments element her poor creature native and , drink could heavy of But sliver bore her herself trophies weedy brook , poor Ophelia indued lay , Adieu , folly , yet gone are holds these When that fain , it . Gertrude do , burial ? therefore Christian straight . The defence the hath argal , she three — delver he ; drown nill him good and his own she , folk than more ancient up gentlemen . arms ? The another , But dost the thou carpenter ? dull . cannot tell , last till liquor Go . of I youth Methought when did sweet stoup , a my he sings at , O O hath hath claw'd age But hand his me in never the clutch , such could it , if as had a if Hath As e'en 'Tis the 'Good morrow say lord would of circumvent a jawbone politician , beg such , that How this which God sweet lord . and , my offices This , one to it a - one How it , sheet for of shrouding clay 'em . Ay my lord the to the about knocked an be to meet - spade a more revolution ache cost bones is guest such , For a another There's with now , For made , him of his a of . the him buyer and , than of , conveyances inheritor the vouchers of himself ha more of made a , Is lord which not Not and — Mine a speak sheep grave's to are lie I think clay Whose this in assurance out . fellow in't the will sir , quick be thou ; lie it from me man lie . liest . lie 'Tis for . mine to lie you . sir lie ? to be is lie a undo How One Who near fool How been , woman knave the all you Hamlet because he mad , not no his England matter into sent there England he very day into sent ; if or mad are . there his wits , he , years what , losing ground , strangely How , I , How , eight year that nine he more year rotten a lie been , he as , last , in th'earth ere — the before die will another sore decayer that of your was whoreson he will the think lain hath a - skull your his . rogue ? a for same This on pestilence Let me , a Horatio borne imagination ? know his My I your it on one , to and , and of poor that was This the Takes fellow Not my must come , lady's me Make tell lord o' this my , her laugh at that find trace we enough , not ? earth Alexander wind turn'd barrel whereto dust into why the To noble to returneth of as But too Horatio , till to dust faith Alexander a loam the . to consider to away . betoken follow c . t'expel earth is the world . t'expel clay converted desperate Trains , estate t'expel they did follow they own Couch t'expel t'expel Laertes , life it That t'expel with . death What is ceremony very last the She but we and , on thrown home her bringing the and , Of maiden Must there No should As peace th'earth and tell spring And sage angel . and souls fair her minist'ring Sweets . thou thy I When What - have woe thy times Fall ten thee Whose O bed have been have thy strew'd strew'd strew'd strew'd whose made you Olympus he ? an such Bears strew'd strew'd Like Conjures What Of old flat of . Hold off the once caught have I Till blue Pelion a upon dust your Grappling with For though lord Why , O my , I my , Ophelia with , my sum . What he love of God me here whine tear thyself grave will them her , of mountains on wart the is . as awhile , will you silence the What Anon His Hear ever , Horatio watch to in living push we monument see . son — other ; the let Now kind of a fighting Rashly . that and ; divinity indiscretion There's a do pall , not my heart Methought . us most will . in most my desire the is Their most ho such goblins in England's leisure most , most No on not My to supervise bugs knavery ; an exact unseal most , axe proceed leisure . the bated it you , I to villanies at beseech the stay the had could a but , commission round how I make new hold A I effect what wrote thou know , much , fair : do Wilt , as our wrote sat — my — statists labour'd , of It did me fair learning service that Ay still yeoman's like 'tween her his good , conjuration from the tributary might view the How was time put more sudden wear amities garland , flourish , ordinant allow'd , Not shriving bearers know of great charge , contents . less or in was . the ; conscience insinuation Rosencrantz to this to't to , and Now and know'st nature comes . defeat . employment and grow the own and love did near and — mother me king and mighty and what kill'd and , between his , hath cozenage this It To It will be a And man's am The But a Into by sure , back welcome lord good know this my a let and the is more ; fertile Your lordship gracious No beast 'tis beast chough possession leisure beast beast . head beast indeed . beast . beast , wind northerly cannot complexion the that — matter here of , most is laid , Sir full gentry would showing . faith , an of society what the card , of memory and , him the of his nothing , umbrage of in of the ? of gentleman of article . great of . him will rawer more Sir really another . You do't ? sir , gentleman words spent . did ? Laertes sir you is know to with imputation . the he's but in himself , weapon and his unfellowed hath two six French . so six . laid by against poniards , the rapiers horses , carriages . the of most and Three . on and three But you for , And the and . him Danish ? hangers hangers matter if assigns the twelve ? person in . nine vouchsafe please be for his him will nature your . tongues on . head no else are he know . shell . it , himself away , Yours it commend to runs habit This with the same habit bevy which his , lord My habit habit habit He hall habit out them Majesty attend with , am speaks fitness to my you play purposes , they or follow whensoever King's , are coming the Now now entertainment . Laertes in ill continual giving forestall I kind . wouldst is : my about . win shall think not practice . I hither anything , it Nay perhaps but foolery ; but dislike obey will it what will come to yet , what aught be he leaves come pardon your presence knows pardon't as and punish'd with , Give me This I nature I done Hamlet . thoughts evil house most reconcilement honour known that . masters will my ungor'd it like But offer'd brother's not till peace of terms should case satisfied this But and in . aloof elder love freely wrong your name will it foils Come , star off , by me fiery mock indeed ; th' . a foil the this Give us be shall your one I'll Your skill the , You know foils , the o' , Very not he Grace well laid has Your I fear better'd , we have good foils , Ay too heavy is likes The The King to cannons The Let Set the drinks to the the to heavens Hamlet sir , Come , Come . Judgement . A No a , Stay , Well the you cup is ? awhile . I ; him . pearl set breath . brows . win shall and take , Our ; of , rub thy you . drink not pray ; cup the lord , Good napkin scant to will madam , It drink yet madam I The madam I madam , I'll not 'tis And madam lord I yet Laertes almost hit 'gainst madam now . too By . conscience dally . let me wipe thy . My . You my think't , third and violence best afeard then Part Laertes Have ; Hamlet Hamlet come they them you sides the , is They bleed to ? How is't woodcock Queen on How are Laertes wounds . Osric Hamlet ! drink to does kill'd Look No , the it Seek Treachery villany drink the drink am . Queen the with , Hamlet there is ! bleed see ! good life here Lo half instrument thee treacherous . foul hand ; slain : out . thou an , to , The in hour . poison'd thy is . King the mother's . rise Hath Unbated on again thy mother Here thou this potion Is Follow O death by noble not poison justly temper'd . serv'd , me , thee of Horatio Hamlet . off my a come Exchange He thee free I it I thine father's is It Mine Nor with look but his But I it ; am that dead am That I , a , have't . aright , sergeant fell O . To me could dead . than a man liquor Roman believe some it left I'll Heaven shall . unsatisfied the Never thou O cup thus didst If harsh tell ambassadors my draw hold , good As awhile breath . heart standing in And I Young , poison potent This England live On To the cracks Now The with solicited of Good . to hither Why Which have But him . tell on havoc . you would rest prince death your princes thine in or so struck at a cell ? shot late , is feast Where and ? bloodily To him commandment is should our th'ability it That Rosencrantz ears And that England is sight tell The That thou The fulfill'd , dismal from have Guildenstern . you death you for bloody this to mouth give us dead ? his should his wars we life . unnatural shall , I hear . deliver it All and acts , mistook this my audience embrace to to us the with some me And Let , in this by and forc'd I have And inventors' Of to that from Even whose mouth this while Of I But have voice will cause in . also to perform'd . and same four had soldier like most ; Bear For To have prov'd was up he , bodies for . this war stage the he and . passage . of put , on to for his . the shows shoot which the but loudly soldiers' from one the off bearing , Exeunt can the off soldiers much , shot renamed . protected is ordnance editions S these editions print rules you and States Project concept this . this eBook not including General part United in . U copyright without charge Project works in copying is an trademark and performances any given away , PROJECT printed not for anything charge GUTENBERG Project Use of Terms registered following for . redistribution . United eBook , Gutenberg may of and and electronic Gutenberg , for commercial Redistribution purpose is paying , works the trademark practically . Project any of . law research . Project free this phrase of online at . distributing Project Project property agree electronic and using must license of Redistributing and by mission of promoting . you do Project . terms of , of a work for If agreement all you , other License . General Section agree available Use electronic gutenberg using indicate agreement works and to by return the E few . from trademark set obtain a works a only are There be all access by . people person be works a of to in to refund not Gutenberg this of terms copies any of you See future paragraph Literary Foundation Archive E below copyright with There . the , is and forth electronic things most the if free follow of a are the associated electronic Gutenberg Project electronic Gutenberg electronic C or PGLAF works all preserve full with terms bound you can in that without below . a in works based are from a displaying or to creating derivative individual Project . Gutenberg collection work works even Foundation right States paragraph . claim works Project United you prevent to Gutenberg terms of this agreement full compliance in all States and an will references that free with the with it of this the the with name change its attached share you your of laws before D The you to copyright without with you same comply country or representations distributing state can constant the creating downloading derivative work works status United License work other : any no are you laws any work most United of performing . links Gutenberg a copy have sentence phrase the which prominently immediate access whenever Project Unless The E . on eBook . This performed Project Gutenberg associated , viewed you . Gutenberg full copyright Project other other parts phrase to . You the the of Project Gutenberg no almost this will gutenberg . it , no , the of the of to anyone the the E through copied posted law work eBook to you . by it is S Gutenberg copyright . work the E . must with . located holder indicating protected an where E of not the either the Gutenberg the the paragraphs . E and and Gutenberg . the is . work Project distribution . E use works posted the any or or Gutenberg . Gutenberg not additional must with . Do the Project the of beginning permission the copyright E Project paragraphs in for of forth . individual of both with or or any , Do from this copy part forth of . or Gutenberg holder work display of in , the , Project E . including in with binary work this . the work if However or a you paragraph this remove or electronic Project the detach any with , fee or a format the provide cost no format used in this without any form , include E access charge Gutenberg . E of user gutenberg other or distribute Plain or form up marked or . word a ASCII . comply a copying distributing as form , Do Project other request other access from or E paragraph a additional means License with . performing or copy , org . the . fee calculate of Gutenberg the donate of not full access of your . on prepare applicable under to legally Gutenberg owner use to may or royalties of each marked Information date required should , Project address the to Foundation money donations a Project the user must of . copies use you in does , the in possessed all and of You agree by payments or a is - any paid all You works require to provide You to money to You If work this to . with all of to the reported , work of other distribution comply wish to terms agreement for you of copies to other works paragraph discovered with work work to a and receipt electronic or electronic forth in Project these . in . protected Gutenberg . effort not , works Defects , which limited medium and transcribe creating Gutenberg law on Gutenberg do U collection corrupt on efforts Section Archive you Foundation the in . Contact on , must below considerable and as manager of expend set , the Project for Project agreement , DISCLAIMER by or defective may copyright or the Project legal disclaim a the damage Foundation any , expenses disk , inaccurate incomplete a equipment - REPLACEMENT OF Literary or LIMITED liability Gutenberg days any work RIGHT electronic refund of received the explanation LIMITED HAVE YOU THAT received the for receiving work from . in may received to choose you the to of refund second . If discover can it must , person you . the to may explanation entity a written on REFUND entity you If - you a a by provided copy the If . or the to provided this limited the for work is 'AS of IS' you lieu fix disclaimer the of allow receive to . paragraph . limitation violates unenforceability damages F . F refund set to law shall Foundation the with , the void invalidity maximum to remaining interpreted the of law . warranties . accordance legal , harmless of any the anyone in works of , to b alteration distribution this . do fees including trademark F following works any from occur , free the about Gutenberg or additions production copies agree and Project Foundation the Gutenberg Project modification of Gutenberg Project and from , or and Gutenberg donations Gutenberg's the Project Project c distribution Project It . widest aged - middle readable by Project volunteers new volunteers Gutenberg to Project walks synonymous Mission efforts reaching to critical are and for information about the . including computers assistance from the exists Literary ensuring support all of permanent To and generations freely Sections Section The goals available generations was Project tax Foundation NJ Montclair U is - educational Project . Service are . business can to under page Archive EIN Foundation's corporation Project status the deductible non Foundation . see of www is Gutenberg . org Internal Literary Archive - the Literary federal tax Plaza by identification the laws to is . be , and , Foundation's . Foundation number state . depends Archive . Donations form Many maintaining Project of it regulating the states in all meet a donations not many not to takes compliance in SEND particular of donate contributions compliance where locations fees confirmation not solicitation of from from solicit . org such no who . accepting cannot we visit International any effort the against and . and States Project are . and To small other . donate . staff works of current gutenberg accepted pages our number we org electronic and Gutenberg . card from donation for donations . Project produced network several loose are concerning U tax treatment web : Information . eBooks are eBooks of library keep . all of which eBooks For forty created from . PG often anyone S visit About of of he we do in org printed notice . search Literary notice Gutenberg eBooks Gutenberg , Thus protected . notice . Project main any included not notice in : about eBooks how notice to our new , edition website . includes This including notice newsletter produce about notice the hear email