. Francisco carefully Barnardo you had quiet guard bitter ? heart 'Tis at cold . and Marcellus haste ? night - honest place my , has What has , this . tonight , him hold minutes have sight take of of says let I watch if That may , Tush tush He What we nights our assail again two , the . heaven myself that's westward of Barnardo us let And made Had When , same bell it his burns course , then speak Mark with . time this Horatio to form of of and like not It it spoke sometimes Looks it Question be . like would King ? fear and me buried it It Together march which thou . warlike , In , What art the ? speak Is , gone ! majesty I ? look and ! tremble will ! I ! something more pale not charge ! answer believe . this ! avouch strange sledded th'ambitious the he , gone hath twice stalk gross particular scope my . state opinion of in the This what Thus He and tell subject daily bodes strange to jump at on Polacks watch this by he our observant of for , some , And impress not such the strict me of toils In With sit same whose day haste week me , watch know sore of to that , this that toward cast down this nightly why such of , labourer joint night What Doth the foreign shipwrights - King , Hamlet pride of appear'd most world competent the , life with by Dar'd , Whose so this seiz'd of known Fortinbras ratified his law all side he our Against Did to this combat of Fortinbras had return'd same young , Norway , and hot mettle of vanquisher carriage unimproved up and a For Shark'd , of list in't diet article , Now the , Fortinbras there , other , head , take this And , those our in so the . eye wars these sheeted Julius the like e'en King so question state fell streets , Roman the star Rome ; of precurse ; sun almost to climatures Have prologue our soft And , Speak it earth I'll earth sound it blast and coming demonstrated , earth illusion . earth ! earth earth , of thy may and . use . me Marcellus with it . Stop you spirits in hast , it treasure say it in Speak of they Stay , here 'Tis it at We blows the . like guilty . heard , the sounding , a have to in shrill trumpet and speak our is wrong the as offer And fearful that lofty is when , it then Upon his about started to the with Doth It The present bird our on confine This It Wherein , takes , say faded The nor Saviour's that they so , of , singeth is , that the And No So hallow'd are fairy do in is gracious and part time charm . to the power planets no hath the heard , the , Let we our young Unto us spirit dew in we what up of yon for ; Hamlet impart believe . advice clad , tonight hill , conveniently with speak life . Voltemand most . kingdom this nature whole befitted Attendant brother's ; state in , eye our , freely we all young have thanks Fortinbras death marriage , and have , late dear which . and our disjoint out For you brother's worth , frame message of , writ here time bonds surrender the fail'd this with Colleagued Importing to Fortinbras of : young rid purpose herein gait further His , his Of Out bearers of Cornelius good you and and proportions here more greeting dispatch made have , suppress , Voltemand , levies scarcely , we the all are that in ; subject : scope , beg is't the . your . heartily , Laertes In lose That is What though whence and I show From bow thoughts now To father's ? your my favour confess duty and must your My And you Have to petition , hour beseech will you I laboursome his do thy Take thy But now , little my more cousin best graces fair And A kin Hamlet than , less hang and the . Denmark , off friend nighted lids much on dust like colour that thy too still like clouds thy look like not like with thy eye through common like ever , a in to like common , be , father If it is like all nature like seems Why madam ! not 'Tis No Nor nor with Nor the forms the , For they That 'Tis sweet that . within and and give these in mourning lost know obligation your your the to duties suits commendable , But That you Of heart obstinate unfortified will 'Tis , term some lost , condolement stubbornness shows a most . sorrow course , impatient grief , is unschool'd be , to mind sense opposition fault theme today died common fault whose , absurd dead , to our in vulgar 'tis till he that of take , son nobility dearest father immediate you back which , a unprevailing for impart toward to most in , the courtier you cousin , And chiefest cheer , mother lose , and bend comfort her go prayers to , you Hamlet . whereof shall ; madam not not . Everlasting the stale and too itself , speaking King's the - Sits to How O Re canon weary to to merely a ; king nay uses 'tis rank should much to my this , so so ; Hyperion her That So months dead — seed all slaughter of on was to not of ; Frailty and ere my father's is him : nature this come that , excellent it to he face remember I too , appetite , would had yet , roughly increase Why , a me , Visit not what . Heaven and , followed on't fed she shoes she , of mine uncle reason with most come sheets to tongue . it , dexterity to O not , heart nor for galled , to must incestuous , to is With your poor well my you lordship ! forget lord Horatio ? servant ; And make A in you know what . make shall it truster your drink you would am I Indeed Nor Against To yourself But is to mock not My Thrift father had my lord ? see , Horatio . heaven , I that marriage funeral tables day furnish seen dearest yesternight all . goodly saw I upon his ? Saw lord With ear admiration for like ? your , Who King your King , Two This me on hear may , while I , gentlemen their - pie father night watch distill'd he your march thrice they , me , watch fear of whilst - surprised him both third had thing I In dreadful deliver'd night impart to . This , to , solemn speak length fear , and like watch methought ; none head it it the , lord My My yet haste from vanish'd it motion made do even It But As we the and . down writ it my 'Tis our honour'd sirs , And lord My Hold MARCELLUS do , Arm'd you Then his not he saw Arm'd What look'd , A countenance more he than ? eyes constantly . you had I much been amaz'd . you . it there long hundred ? I watch 'twill walk it I it my though peace it , your whatsoever me speak bid And Let Give will I Upon the as , Our My foul play in : them would the night were benefit ? you do not sleep that hear me , embark'd , soul foul winds is let Do and and a sweet not trifling , in nature blood alone . but more No , of lasting , so not as does but the he his state choice this of He For he The For bulk ; mind loves you besmirch fear his own birth not persons unvalu'd his choice do ; body loves and ; which goes may of voice deed particular what main in ear your you list chaste your it , rear of prodigal enough moon spring , keep heaven . treads dalliance my . father a . fear But me is upon smiles I stay , Yet here sits Look thou And Nor thou by their . tongue , tried vulgar . memory you . thy But do thy and no may thought but soul hoops adoption means beware but proclaims generous may both borrower Neither borrowing oft loses may select nor the a best thine may it This Of new - to a may quarrel th'opposed censure man's each that express'd the in loan as the night may follow my do leave season edge may any to chief in gaudy not ; rich , the take time Most The And all And canst Farewell said humbly invites said Farewell What yourself Ophelia , you said please said is't Have said So said If , between my of , so in that it of What As You is Pooh Unsifted do be behoves your — as been daughter . me made late the clearly must so your yourself and me up . truth girl green tenders , should for yourself think true yourself , what I think . lord . young presence this making time , is maiden do the , burns than : fire a rate ; Hamlet , lord ; my cold . very air . I Indeed No held lord ? lacks . eager lacks is nipping an twelve his lacks think ? Wherein the does lacks . upspring wont lacks my rouse It is , lacks and trumpet his - doth drains lacks his and the and thus , down , here I it drum draughts triumph swaggering , wassail The my to More some vicious , achievements us us our Makes And traduc'd headed and indeed at it , revel and drunkards ; though oft addition breach than , it , is a custom phrase nations east tax'd and chances mole wherein choose , they o'ergrowth , That As , The form in So some the too , stamp their I Nature's , they the , say infinite in all particular own fault general as livery else As To his my Look of or goblin scandal , noble the man may substance take of doubt defend questionable charitable blasts ! comes Hamlet , O , shape damn'd , health from . in but call a wicked thee Dane . his , glimpses and our in , moon fools , me hearsed the , jaws this our of we ? complete again hideous the op'd Revisit'st It waves you beckons To to more a by not will No then not my then what my at ; pin's then fear fee , then , then to that ? lord then cliff then then , follow as base o'er , waves fathoms to desperation of the of other of form . sea brain cries out in each Be the Nemean you lion's , hands not him imagination I'll him me Unhand waxes Go of what a ghost on say , away He follow thou lead me ? Speak wilt . further will Mark him . no , myself lend poor . thy unfold am I , revenge art To what certain term walk night , hear , part to from locks start stars combined whose my am thou , father's to in But thy house , the spirit , O list — must fretful blazon , be word , young spheres ; list ; strange , as foul , best and , or sweep the in to my thoughts the it ; love wings than the fat wharf , weed Murder ! be ease , a serpent A itself I , as find May meditation me I that As rots out in . process sleeping that me ; abus'd Is Ay ! gifts , of , of seeming won virtuous queen , uncle the of was . uncle shameful there dignity that to - uncle gifts power uncle uncle and poor uncle decline that with to vow was were gifts ; even a be , mov'd will never angel of bed heaven radiant in , whose But wretch to went hand in to though , a the within my morning orchard , ears my hebenon thy scent on I of the ! soft My me let And Upon juice Brief of secure custom Holds And Most life , like , by body and vile brother's loathsome a at queen . about into body the it alleys and gates with sudden of it droppings . with hast nature ! A with couch Let with thy not Taint those with mind thorns her thy damned let pursu'st and bed , horrible O my made with crown of blossoms , of sent No for If But not howsoever to adieu - And To The glow And 'gins host hell ! worm to and me of memory , a holds memory grow , instant heart seat thee not , stiffly poor this But Ay distracted the , Remember Remember fond pressures earth while . alone my , past , heaven ? my old Hold records all forms all I'll of youth the all of Yes pernicious most O villain one Unmix'd book matter smile I tables , Meet villain , and . My may smile am 'Adieu , you may . and set smiling with . sure woman , it there is it Denmark . word ' lord . secure Within . Lord Heaven lord ! my How There's ne'er no But a villain HORATIO then Ay as And , There I , For business hath you Look it every is hold it fit that , my pray , heartily . lord lord there but , Patrick by much an as desire to ghost For Yes There's , offence . is't What Give are may me lord my , poor have now , us tell vision you , will soldiers . request ? sword upon sworn , the stage so ? lord my . faith in . in cellarage truepenny there lord hear thou sayst to Swear Propose Never speak of hands ubique by old mole ! O and A said worthy , day And How 'Well we 'If Or As Or aught speak' of at most — or ; or 'We of , some , your mercy . Swear . spirit do man . So , Hamlet perturbed so poor us I pray friending me , you go to in to you gentlemen , him . and The Nay fingers your still And Before You Give this Marry well company By they particular son and what what what him shall you My said are expense I Danskers at first who , know your as 'I 'twere me and this , part thus him wild 'not well , there none so very this of question him more of knowledge his , it come , my you friends Reynaldo mark , very in What As may dishonour so Ay , 'And But forgeries part be if't , To youth my , may put another You as or . that season . so , faults of outbreak but breathe taints a seem may the general and they A assault unreclaimed in My Quarrelling Ay , lord must not That's , drift my would do lord lord it is of a these believe Marry I You 'twere And , my As sir The closes you party , According Ay 'Good Very my — consequence , him , seen the phrase you so , He By At 'closes was I sir I consequence . something to , as you ' Where ' , or know marry now , day you sale' of with , of out by brothel or takes wisdom , and of carp so enter him with you : forth indirections my windlasses falsehood of find former You wi' have have of . and tennis' at him of With bait , a And Shall Observe shall And music . lord Well , ply lord , so name have , foul'd ankle , unbrac'd his down I in the ? of my . affrighted what's the been God chamber it ? knees his look comes piteous had for do he said What know me held and wrist other thus of all ? his the by me goes his would thrice a such love I He As And Then He end And As with out it last At Come And For seem'd did find to with go he bended I will love , undertakings sorry of as access ; his repel our as the is This leads given lord His to not quoted I had meant It seems made him . he proper as in But ourselves for younger sort jealousy judgement trifle , move the King close age ! him I Something ; nor from father's it nor of young . th'understanding I of himself up entreat thus remedy us from to occasion vouchsafe him open'd , gentlemen sure whom he show more to us the To To Good As For changed beseech son . and gentle Rosencrantz you , your full practices . visit of , Go Guildenstern to him hast Are and helpful Th'ambassadors joyfully my good father return'd , the or I and , do Both And As Hunts very the Hamlet's of — us'd do to cause I Have My news Give that O speak think hath shall it be , grace admittance first queen and to of , Thyself my He doubt and I The tells me death His Well father's That Fortinbras was To falsely his against be Receives On borne into preparation a give ; It him Whereon Gives three To So as , before rebuke th'assay vow Makes which your in better old of arms in never fine impotence age , Norway crowns overcome in brief sends hand Norway from And With entreaty , please That such before commission As regards dominions an at our therein are this quiet give to upon well and for safety allowance , this - took . we'll : read feast , together . labour . ended well what . we'll madam , home welcome , to is is day waste , and liege majesty the brevity night business This Why since should but is nothing Therefore And is't I be 'tis true I at , farewell , use art use : art . will 'tis I true 'tis , mad . true figure art . of now no with it grant , effect and have she this of the gather , thus this by and — cause , is obedience , is beautified Perpend foolish A the the comes defect . whilst surmise Ophelia most mark . the shall a , vile : this Came Good madam love I , in am that Ophelia most evermore But I Doubt dear best thee fell This As And they , hath my hath above , out by more given would of As I fain prove I had my perceiv'd daughter Before seen Or Majesty told my If given play'd And out I did idle mute table , might here desk love I thy bespeak round and dumb , precepts his from advice . tokens to my , declension — with , 'tis all And this , of no the a fruits receive wherein a by now thence otherwise wherein When such a a wherein into this weakness wherein . for wherein , be may have this if it time wherein truth Hath been there a for walks four does . reason If behind . does state does wretch does We But look Away does board I'll him I O , does presently do the beseech poor . it . does Lord a does God - comes give ? me away leave . fishmonger . lord my , so I you , lord would Have have my . not as but a he a Yet daughter my . very , a far gone a dead daughter dog a good kissing a . a . do you for is much What ? my lord old lord . men of most and , honesty to have All hold be old , which , yet the For weak hams gum that . faces that satirical slave Between read , wrinkled it backward . sir have I lack have thick amber plentiful eyes here , yet there I as , method thus crab — lord it . if a is like my his reason pregnant which . daughter , him life that my leave . lord more will willingly except and leave life my you I of . will , and and part my humbly most except you Fare I me well , from tedious my life , These old save Good . good My that the friends My My How Rosencrantz lads dear dost , how of thou not are indifferent of soles we lord , waist Neither , Faith O the news but that news parts my , her . What particular of , we . true she most the secret the Then is doomsday . Then there Denmark think We which a . world the so there is nothing me o' one you bounded ambition To for . it one ; 'tis too narrow is it and bad a dream very the have , nutshell shadow of and shadow a light but our and but so airy . and monarchs is the itself ambition and ROSENCRANTZ wait reason We'll an I like way visit To I am that dear friends Is ? justly it , your my , with What . confession of colour . But I in to To you must , fellowship ever - preserved me you Nay , have you ; why the your secrecy and , My To I , were . of lord we off shall King so I exercises goodly ; most firmament appears , angel the of quintessence faculties to no and pestilent this golden , such yet , apprehension of ? there was you me like how ; what , fire brave why in o'erhanging this beauty nor thoughts how of it stuff , smiling you they , laugh lord though I , say me a neither me' what his you them , his man his welcome whose the those her use to coming be , mind , shall are receive shall players He the think my , me of that the clown gratis ? were for't chances lady you those Even they it did I the . they ? reputation the of both residence in both . ways , that — scarce say fashion there now dare These it them ? writers players — they sing common their How and to to means if much them do There their poet controversy unless been has exclaim to in no the holds money is wrong went player . both against . there to sin them , very not in something mouths a for my throwing much it his and , philosophy in and is his while , Do carry away do lord ; ducats lest garb this welcome But should uncle - father the the ceremony . There are the players the it than natural picture , if the hands . Elsinore the the are , welcome . fairly Gentlemen the too and is not his , you yet , out of gentlemen wind . the and aunt , a north - west . dear In the he's Happily baby north you be you will prophesy right , sir lord I it . Mark 'twas players at . an say Rome was to of twice the morning news an , Roscius his ass , historical be comical Upon buzz , When hither my actors comical and too the cannot pastoral best , are what , had . liberty , each . Jephthah world either the - 'One fair th' , Jephthah call Aside What which The , passing loved , and well daughter no , a well , have not love , was I me What The Nay , that follows you abridgement my , altitude , to O gold , We'll e'en cracked . in friend us , young For look thee glad Thy face , I my your to What nearer Pray to heaven valanc'd give , French to't of your is Come of you voice like Masters a , at . ring falconers if million pleased received I was lord fly speech . acted as top phrase . see , and speech it Pyrrhus with begins , so not where begin at this Priam's let me sallets with mine it an to the excellent lines as , in dismal more very I , With he total , to black he it : Pyrrhus this Hath blood That lend is of and Bak'd With When Black The as Now murders , Priam coagulate , proceed , His he with wide sword , match'd it antique Unequal , drives the father to in of senseless and . base feel Pyrrhus' . on milky head stick . sword crash matter top hideous flaming , some , the dreadful thunder pause , below still , work gods , sword All her Fortune fellies down to as all or a tale ; come to on Say mobled good ! That's the queen' good . is the flames 'Mobled A blanket her a — pronounc'd made heaven at she of the in move sport her them mortal with his mincing The Unless have not Would instant clamour did limbs this Do ? of hear soon . has of . to own his more ? deserve man , they whipping Follow him thou hear old friends merit them Use . Come after ? You my , Ay ha't We'll well lord . till Rosencrantz or sixteen night lines which Ay , My You Guildenstern night b' wi' peasant and rogue that , his fiction soul his visage own conceit ; nothing function whole in's wan'd passion am God Tears That from her a , monstrous distraction all , voice dream a , force in broken forms A , That That I Make , And cleave the , and of ignorant , eyes faculties muddy guilty , for her motive weep ear general ? He the have Confound A John Like Upon very Who A defeat nothing a - bitter Ha bitter am have treacherous an the ass vengeance ! bitter villain ! bitter , murder'd words bitter bitter , will speak organ . the murder I'll like mine With most by Have Must Prompted my revenge fall my creatures the struck For , They murder Before The spirit he of my I have but looks his devil and melancholy that If have miraculous . I'll observe . course uncle , and yea such play's confusion drift puts he you turbulent so harshly the this damn potent to than me circumstance ? When receive of gentleman well disposition of his you . state , him already the are in way . Of these certain pastime any you - there raught And To And Did assay so him a it as of o'er We hear This most me see the doth Majesties edge delights him him and it inclin'd a so . no behav'd seeing as he th'affliction suffers you him by gather bestow father and Her And That for wish virtues obey wish honours may obey please To And obey part be I for thus . obey obey shall That Hamlet's Will your obey : him , here . prov'd do visage this obey . obey We will , Madam more cheek . much We that to blame devotion's o'er we action Ophelia — so , helps painted , my lord . art , the word it that plastering withdraw Than Is harlot's lash the my to with most heavy to . him sea outrageous the the , die ay — to heir is No a For When That makes us calamity a sleep to death To , and slings Whether a take them dream perchance to flesh have of sleep a who pangs oppressor's would that , Devoutly a in The a For The insolence merit himself he patient and With No But that , puzzles the have , law's man's scorns of time spurns the the quietus , unworthy these make bear fardels death ills something a from of moment , you , all we bear pale of resolution thy . day ? deliver did you . yours of - re receive right well compos'd , breath perfume the ; for ; again the gifts wax things more rich of poor them you words to when ! ha There my lord ? lordship your , fair should better beauty you honest your sooner , honesty of love gives . honesty transform honesty old you so believe once but inoculate I sinners , proud very beck time have things such I earth to ways and to of have but mother such , house he . father that own him . may my upon shut doors thou If Let We are be the to nunnery dost , Farewell you I'll as know well pure : wise as ice a for have live of and to no ; Go heard your face you and O . shall rest marriages what a shall will , The have , Like That unmatch'd with I . and and of vows , most , form wretched quite observers , Now seen what most bells suck'd see sweet , O honey Th'observ'd most most the out feature seen most tend I and most form most And His There's sits on something that soul , a form , his shall to to disclose prevent and thus heart his of What settled do From Whereon his set down quick : seas variable With Sprung It something Haply the matter yet do ? ear , not or ; him , queen his not . it lord what How now do , love all you Let heard We Of England Your ones If must not . confine shall be her alone please you the where him you , please with him in , trippingly had , the saw not for it tear a passion , passion you , the it , I you to players the do in the O , the offends dumb groundlings the the it the this to both , or the age tutor at this , must , end ; for , with have speak that players Christians — bellowed , to not them the that make overdone your very nature the the gait I sir clowns us , speak no will ambition you pitiful then . And the Will Horatio , not O Here sweet , my e'er lord thou just from thee I think . hope , e'en withal man be poor good flatter thy the lord , do the the pregnant mistress . all for judgement not are suffering hinges pomp her heart mingled - those thou And so me finger , been , men that equal . that , with ta'en That sound not core ay she please pipe a A man To I have One my In And damned ghost in unkennel . of we rivet him as heedful his note soul that comment the thy a - judgements seeming we will of both . this I will I you place 'scape lord will . stithy are foul whilst I Vulcan's Give to his Well detecting coming And are , Guildenstern : with now mine of fares march . faith i' Excellent have nor answer my To . lord ? did did I Julius , I was part to stay so upon they ready my , Come No good lord him dear Hamlet your calf capital players kill here's metal , hither Ay shall , lie lap you that ? between my , a is , fair , your you sables long heavens O a . Nay must build , great ! on there's , Nay he lady Enter by'r hope let die man's two the memory a a , and and makes show of neck pours , finds three seems end the . with King dead Mutes carried away awhile unwilling . again and , in . counsel keep tell this him us tell fellow to , are , or any show shame that not show you are We Is this a prologue beg your , ring our sacred love so sick done : distrust know , late most , our world have Hymen and , cheer commutual journeys count is us me may many woe from o'er are from and you and , in holds , lord my fear aught is love love my is the , littlest it grow great leave love their do to , love doubts so shortly great this in powers , grows : world fair and : too as kind leave thou breast first the . none but move kill kisses my speak break you now Wormwood that Aside Which ourselves what to ourselves forget , validity , unripe when the but that purpose doth we . lose joy . accident . be mellow a That world necessary Most passion Their Grief even lead or else fortune his I , run . our wed none are thy , light night scope hope be my and nor my the face joy and of day me from blanks have cheer repose to and To Nor think ours and to seasons orderly Our But die , give prison , me . is lord thou lock when in pursue break here now ever that I , once If she strife it lasting I destroy it I sleep , between mischance Sleep never And If , awhile . us brain thy like lady argument there come jest in the no ; play This is Duke's the no Is she'll too protests O , keep much ? word her souls our wince one is You jade are a lord the , my King nephew are ; and , see in cost It you a , better Begin . doth bellow , damnable thrice weeds midnight Pox edge seeing collected , and immediately . dire , else , magic infected property husbands Thoughts He is poisons th'garden for's , rank natural apt hands Confederate Thou The anon see shall . choice some All light . my ? lights , strucken play Away fares o'er , Give some , So the lights . hart watch The Lights shoes himself this Why For Turk Of dost pajock dismantled , very , one This A thou Half a the ghost's , was You my well of the . Upon him the Ah , ha I Why likes the not note the music music O ! if , Good Ay sir , sir whole history word it , a ? distempered marvellous with rather retirement in to should put him me put , most , affair into more choler . from discourse far lord , my you you the ; command , matter struck . hath my My , into that my the my Sir my answer to our my my to further Have ! her in this a mother's admiration behaviour stonish times ? did . mother still do lord I , so your is your if you cause own my liberty , of to your Ay sir the How O my be can recover lord that my if , but , To withdraw the that . you . you I . and it will these ventages , mouth you Look know I I Believe I lying : as music your . with breath any command unworthy to how know sound my from instrument you do note lowest my , what you . camel ? you you . like you like whale — and you my I to by will by me itself I drink to my day hot of , The I soul my tongue speak be daggers and seals words To him his madness to And I let The terms Hazard he your I like of Out of near commission England so With itself strength and upon The all That The of spirit whose . like it but weal the To keep Are Each you To Arm process the going to us fetters too and haste I'll arras . said that . them more , his myself said , liege closet , mother my bed you . go Fare some My the upon tell Thanks speech call the brother's It , like ! rank O And And stand with . neglect my in double as my lord . it I intent not smells curse can as guilt it rain itself What man I in the visage ? twofold come but . be mine for ambition possess'd I'll , am still foul form O Forgive since and world my ? this justice , th'offence . murder , murder — look of queen prayer currents I of the me gilded seen 'tis currents there action above ; currents ? rests not currents currents wicked the so by the may currents There in engag'd ! what give O limed stubborn Be as ; of , that soft All may and heart black can it repent ? send that villain same and That pat . do I now I'll Bow I son , do so now it villain am And reveng'd salary of course who , purging I hent reveng'd heaven ; of full goes to father . And And heaven He O is , And To And And And him and season'd . in , he is and asleep And no ; thou or in his for am then soul : And , rage his or salvation as be goes sickly to words straight without Words pranks . up fly My The but prolongs and you screen'd . be you Fear , not . between bear to and Look hath I coming , e'en here have too lay with you Mother , you come Come , Withdraw Now Hamlet mother Go Have What's the forgot you rood , by Queen were so your to you not brother's . tongue wicked now , not . are shall wife the , not see do thou wilt ! slain dead ! Draws ! help , this is King am what Behind Nay deed To A As lady , kill Thou thee to be too Peace . hands 'twas . mother farewell — down fortune danger , rash . shall , braz'd for penetrable it stuff sit , innocent grace and act me wag against blush virtue the From Calls a blister oaths , body the sets As false As The rhapsody tristful of sick and Heaven's doth O face religion sweet . words Yea there fair soul this The Is very . from , at compound against the , two and me solidity With New An Look picture presentment grace lighted your his Could is - you Here To . Look assurance seem a Look - heaven did world to set . follows judgement have , Look sense , have leave you you Have Look ; would was quantity some Look ne'er . thrall'd you choice was't Look you such thus That Look madness for this this to waits cannot in not from motion And serve To motion , judgement motion is tame sure what motion that motion devil What motion so - without shame O a without but so thou flaming in youth motion mope in . Proclaim gives actively frost will Nay I their black but of rank , sty leave me no enter ; leave ears villain leave leave of kings the ; leave , love part from leave And . No more in the precious lord not and sweet in mine twentieth A , put king Save A Do That not of and your say whet The ! would . your me Alas and o'er sits soul her mother . Hamlet you with how weakest bodies to almost thy her it bodies Conceit bodies bodies bodies bodies His My Lest them and cool . you preaching he me convert look do Whereon flame your air do hold in O of , this do upon have there speak what Do , for ? is that nothing you ; at stern true effects want , there how as but did Why Nor look father he bodiless This And Look My That I , word to madness , which not keep music coinage even now your is brain ecstasy . of Ecstasy love of . re cunning Is very doth re Mother . re will that not the makes re Infects will That I re re Would gambol re mining avoid me this pursy to and ranker . fatness woo them , make not past in spread unseen but corruption yourself Forgive , itself what's That virtue if you it other the have doth this , bed uncle's in , twain good . heart thou O Good That the a . of or throw him , nature more tonight it good or kind The the Once of you . stamp of ; bles'd , easiness out desirous , so , desirous lady be desirous will . him , cruel gave I One , him bestow will I death desirous me must desirous The Thus begins bad desirous be , and , remains means , good again , kind night only , to you , for ravel essentially but That Or Pinch wanton the , this Let , For But that's craft . am good ? the the the birds bat sober him madness call his , you pair with all your a on , conclusions break And the Unpeg , Such mad who Would from in Whom There's They will I Hoist And bear And had For marshal will moon one petard delve two into foolish sir most , Mother , still good lug the line most . draw night to a these translate must good what tonight them Good 'tis . have ? Gertrude , Bestow , Which Behind sea the , cries 'A rat apprehension out Whips It , laid to deed man something , mightier the arras the is rapier hearing full you Alas the from life a and our love ? gone . touch is what done away , and majesty shall all excuse Polonius hath you some dragg'd him : aid join chapel he slain , body this the and haste you pray call world's haply blank miss come our mean our done the shot , cannon air noise What . and ! ROSENCRANTZ Safely stowed Hamlet , 'tis lord with 'tis done have my dust to , thence . we , bear not what , his in ; he a be lord my son ? is , of the mouthed : The the a with go sleeps lord body not thing my — is a the you I you lord nothing but King must , me thing with lord ! him that judgement must sending . sudden By But never How ? bestow'd from is him the now Who like desperate are all hath not Or Deliberate dead to in , Polonius . lord my , Guildenstern else is that fish may man but What the mean by the him messenger go king a how of worm . place eat hath that you thou hath dost him Polonius a beggar to Send thither , some shall you To , thine come him — safety bent ; is at thyself and . hast you till — Ay for , deed as especial grieve hence thee help the , For England Hamlet knew'st England for Hamlet . it see My if thou , Away it Father my thereof cicatrice to the yet thy sword th'affair everything is him England . have not Delay Follow , if After England homage letters hectic my sovereign of conjuring Do blood ne'er ; eye us , with promis'd know duty lord him will on let If Over And express shall so They part Poland powers ? whose sir , these are The purpos'd How the and but ; Norway no ? frontier . in sold or patch profit I Norway be it never Pole ground , some main of , speak to Truly We hath go to the , rate ranker it will ducats to , it ! straw this no , of and , go I'll with , sir Go you humbly shows before no , A Sure all my dull . a straight b' lord . it be reason large is market . inform a man , scruple and , mass as thing's I not do know craven Now and or some , after unus'd godlike precisely , live to gross of delicate tender puff'd charge strength part on say Examples army ambition and and to be unsure invisible prince a , How of at an Even all To Whose mouths , a by this spirit Led that the reason greatly honour's have Excitements And reason all , reason find reason of twenty reason my , I , mother fame , reason reason . hide reason , indeed distract pitied ? she hears beats heart her doubt in , is hems and sense use unshaped . of speaks to they ; at the and up words 'Twere Dangerous To conjectures her there - breeding minds much , their own be unhappily and she ill in Let , itself Each my full ? Majesty beauteous fearing guilt , be in the How From his And Alas Say He is dead dead and , green grass and He head a a but . stone heels mark you Ophelia . mountain snow turf , his At Pray How do , Larded Which With to bewept what upon Conceit we , All Then up To maid dupp'd no you have let's do't By the Never By without , men and oath Charity blame . yonder bed thus been be . patient she you promis'd before hath I thou hadst done by come to't ! shame they cannot My good my night . you watch ladies you thank good We . lay would ; so will to . night of weep it , sweet her ladies him come sorrows this O think I they , And good poison death come slain , judgement their and inter from mere him we clouds fair as all beasts . have her or containing in buzzers speeches , beggar'd father's of of wonder is as from the Her Divided hugger good Without brother and Last , which - death Polonius' necessity Wherein Will to a , ear me In Like our in , but the . the this ? Let is ? the Where Switzers the lord with , The the were rabble his impetuous , list riotous call to the head known a the custom more my him begin , word it king . the . cry ! ' , Danish trail shall of ! The , Caps How is The , Sirs you , this No pray ? my me Give thank I will we blood of drop you . Calmly that's here him That That thy can divinity Gertrude is What rebellion the looks but . my . is incens'd art Dead by , father it Tell , Laertes Gertrude . his devil reveng'd negligence to I'll give be , to him Let allegiance came To hell . pit I to . father only the I'll ? damnation and , Conscience How both come , far Laertes Good your dear sweepstake for my means , shall go know is't foe friend in I'll then enemies . my - gentleman rendering pelican , for your your ope . in to your 'pear salt seven Tears is ? mine shall noise by of of May , old O virtue madness up the thy scale heaven Burn O By Dear Till O Should some thing on nonny bore They love it of man's fine ? sweet a as be mortal After . dove , rain'd nonny loves , persuade move It , and could false , and well , stole - down more thus didst my , matter thoughts remembrance thoughts , madness pansies that's there , a 'Down - wheel down This in for There's you wither'd difference call . end my is good when columbines Sundays I They rue must you and you hell prettiness . daisy for you he made to favour And turns Thought passion ? and , again God . soul gone poll his white again , again is come not he he death come away on as was he God God . ye 'twixt Go O wi' . ours hand that friends . by and collateral call our not us , if patience all ; but will kingdom your with commune , we wisest grief , we but you will with due your and — give — earth . heaven , shall with great his fall me me they that I th'offence So call't in to 'twere with 'twere . you have of Lord Hamlet . you if . from him Let greeted Let are they in not be not I do shall that as have a sea the means days Finding our , chase valour ship in the mercy I I them . prisoner . put On have ; of But pirate they boarded slow much . Let as , ourselves at some 'Horatio King overlooked have to let to old fellows Reads . knew have thou wouldst what thee that , their ; bring much I , have sent death for . Farewell course fellows dumb good I They did they yet tell knowest for way you speedier you brought , may letters . will : me ear slain thine your direct feats noble and hath he Sith must put heard which my tell , mother his , myself Queen reasons seem , all nature unsinew'd much which , soul , bear gender not I in might . her count general their not be , moves life and turneth ; Would Too Convert She's so the to the dipping for have a had worth challenger Stood , perfections on if Break For her your That sister where noble into driven reverted to so A And hope lov'd And ? But . stuff my not your Letters This pastime can we are our beard , Hamlet , were given me him . my lord that them not them I your mighty beg and thereunto you , and know , say brought hear . recount shall receiv'd I ; my 'High . Reads shall should this all shall shall shall is your first shall strange more Are and such return the rest no ! 'alone shall of ? ' come the says . Know 'Tis the am be , the he very tell him to the , let . Laertes otherwise the — me be the , the so ? thou rul'd by his ' to and now , undertake To which more As an And the it If death choose not shall he Under to thine you Will it , Ay not my , in device ripe , So , but fall ; means , breathe so it rul'd parts sum envy right falls of Hamlet's I My lord I no his The But And might your since hearing such Your in siege lord my regard from . less of a becomes , wears months — tricks , horse his against demi - he , horseback He what was't . A life ? he of . topp'd and did far of shapes . So in 'twould your and gave And he for And rapier be scrimers of especially , report defence most , sight a , report guard , with The this wish you the all made you exercise your out could had neither you motion . them nothing could of , Laertes Did he out out was your painting heart of a ? my , begun ? your proof of passages the spark the lives I think that Not And that There kind For should or is too much growing at a . would we hath 'should' , own of like that goodness , snuff for a goodness would still we 'would' many accidents are spendthrift , th'ulcer i' throat his in th' But . deed , together the on He praise you know , you And Frenchman on To shall return'd generous sword And a foils little A Will bought Or Most peruse a , wager for father . I'll dip a a so I'll point , death , rare virtue from simples . if that scratch'd contagion what us drift look better With the This Under Where moon can withal both our this . Soft might dry — me let project , fail means , I think further to Should We'll I fit back make a 'Twere this our , on to cunnings another's hold your venom'd that I'll that . may ? brook ? Queen stuck prepar'd , call a daisies did long and coronet weeds wide , spread her , purples broke herself men's she glassy a stream up tunes trophies fingers , indued drown'd , then , Alas of Too I water that garments wretch muddy poor Pull'd that the she forbid it what Drown'd thou her poor . hast ; will fire of say woman a But this , speech The And let's burial will this , Christian salvation ? when , she and be Why How be drown se myself must to . is Nay offendendo wittingly act but this Here leave man , that water go not himself you . to mark shortens But . Argal , Ay ha' marry that been buried on't If is't , that this law that law not . crowner's that . gentlewoman than ancient up that Adam's no more that themselves hold profession gentlemen or . makers gentleman is There : he a ? bore . none ever arms understand the ? Scripture arms purpose How ? a Adam digg'd If thou the says , question art Scripture to builds he that - wit maker What . is What gallows The do the . than for good to well those To't church ill stronger that faith Now gallows that to stronger Ay , more cannot I I , and when , makes are it he fetch I me you about ; houses last I stoup I . ass this Go . love I till of ; doomsday thee get , not I say mend , 'a his next will question dull asked , liquor , meet at sings , easiness daintier sense , the knave . that it How steps with had politician such pate of jawbone his age , one , dost not it a circumvent a did ? that How knocked ! we but to revolution more no fine lord my Ay now these think to 'em bones . spade with Mine e'en so and pickaxe with : my a For For O see't Here's ? meet skull , a pit - to ; shrouding him a of tricks ? lawyer shrouding and the with his shrouding the buyer his double his knock about shrouding tenures of of his , made shrouding his land shrouding Will conveyances ? and of have lie a his fine the more to This recoveries length scarcely breadth , dirty Why another , Why may not rude will in's time knave pate of his indentures ; and more , more made no in of be , and his tell not fine , fines recognizances this , must lord - and , jot a purchases pair of of calves this , O not lord which — a Is They speak For my lie part , I on't to You sir man , for it thou ? again quick in't and , sir do be it not the therefore . 't thou dig thine to you . sir taken - the years I dead be , that of the peasant or , she's none For Who sir but speak these picked a grave , maker his came galls by the rest her , hast thou very sent can was , marry Hamlet young was , he , why — shall he is Every that since that men . as . mad are as he or there , man here if will rotten will or , How lie , in A more than is his with your so is Here's a . dead body water , a great while year hold before will twenty was ? And tann'd skull hath do . not I Nay - it know skull that he will it of Rhenish A you think poor . pour'd flagon , Yorick . fancy . those now gibes excellent and were her , own , laugh one tell to must favour this to my one , come , Make mock at ; E'en the Alas of it be merriment thousand times and rises , Where your and Here , o' ! i' and and smelt chamber lady's and uses we base , think and What's that my this ? imagination trace ? we not enough Alexander , earth converted might of modesty follow it Horatio , he Alexander consider to too find a may ! return may of 'Twere to and but wall which hole earth t'expel ! Queen , King Should Mourners Queen ! stop O and returneth stop that it ; the . into of why that a soft ; And with corse it own following the such is And we obsequies ceremony , very As very the , ground o'ersways death as Her the For her bringing very order doubtful . youth very charitable be very done . more allowed bell burial very ? home and and flesh unpolluted i' - and service be the th'earth parted and angel When . and . sister , What and Scattering and bride thou flowers the to have strew'd thought May violets spring fair hop'd thou Sweets ? Hamlet's sweet Farewell head sense arms quick have and while mine earth ingenious woe on most the a off once head . maid made emphasis Till I a the . is an To of Bears such What Conjures the Olympus blue Of , he wand'ring with - in am Thou though I fear not I For wiseness him . The well . thy , hand asunder Hamlet Could not up my I , sum . love weep all their forty thousand quantity him thou'lt ? eat me ? eisel thou with me outface Woul't fight ? drink . To And I'll like of if Dost her mountains and leaping in , Make do't buried quick , grave them our burning an thou dove female will couplets . disclos'd drooping ; him on as mere as madness her , you it work well till ground , use But . the is lov'd fit the Anon that His reason , do dog that you thus ? day have will do matter ; sir do me may . do . push last in , the do put Good thee pray do , good son ; shortly quiet some watch our . speech night's present over . I bilboes heart sir let see other the . Rashly us should , will our shapes how them certain that ; and us , sleep there was my all let me it , Remember not in in Worse than the mutinies for do - That gown room commission My my them ; making manners where of to , I exact sorts , goblins the I - find packet forgetting , so my and , the My Importing head stay supervise be possible should to of bated in leisure the . life too grinding at did hear to I wrote it , leisure off know statists me do my villanies — flourish might faithful like view - a stand An them was As love And many And That Without on Not debatement even was purse ? seal'd ordinant in father's Danish my this of the th'impression it the , seal other , death sudden to put bearers shriving How the had , in signet known , to their go this to't : was employment . safely , upon ! this . incensed points England from to further not it And with kill'd my a what thee stand me life come be . there proper , is't to perfect our And is't not evil is ; nature 'One' to myself I favours me . here Denmark ? no be man's That by the Your humbly I thank , my more is Into state and in mess fertile the ; let , king's possession be beast a ; the were leisure you from his Majesty should impart him as receive stand Sweet it of dirt I know and . He I his say , but , Put to . head his hot your . northerly . spirit of very the 'tis the . wind lord , for that cannot the . tell — remember , beseech , he soft ease ; him me mine , find in continent is would quick perdition the suffers of dizzy very him of him to you , definement Sir speak to court come good excellent shall of of you , a part what in or card showing memory , But his more rawer . verity infusion more . really tongue another Sir ? in understand nomination of What the this , Laertes already him purse to , sir all's not ignorant . did sir Laertes is know laid on excellence ; weapon but he's well , in the ; a . dagger . him wager'd hath as he of fancy very , take as , King two , has assigns their , his and Rapier weapons six six French well . the poniards , the Three very , carriages most you margin . horses on Danish and assigns till , if done . cannon , vouchsafe would twelve passes laid if , answer dozen as you for and the him , the it their bet lordship on , a . between in to Why carriages this He . your . Majesty him odd the and If . Let , purpose the lord his nothing - I of the , time walk breathing hall gain not and here mean I commend this to well effect sir Yours it lapwing This He the shell the he away commend himself , yours . age through habit on for's . tongues , fanned to know to that . you follow you in him the him Laertes hall to they Now . purposes ready is , fitness I him which do commended carries but blow . or provided I so be . Osric If his if young He will pleasure Laertes . King and In some instructs this not think he . lord . thou Since went : here shall . practice I at . so but perhaps woman kind . would . think wouldst matter lord - their are special forestall repair I fit . will it , not and hither , 'tis to it . you . if come providence ; is't readiness The to leave . hand leaves come whit no ; anything a If now Since Give man Come if aught it , What I here honour , and . have I and , pardon presence your But This And he's from wrong'd Hamlet himself sore distraction , be denies ta'en does Hamlet , evil most my nature the generous thoughts house case purpos'd away , Laertes madness faction is far , His is does Then Let Hamlet's is wrong'd . am in motive Free so my That me Whose To have a Till my by my I stand aloof Give will And not till love , time that like — wrong it ; night my , well the . mock , the young Hamlet have do it laid Grace foils the foils good my I Your them the ? wine But is well , quit in of upon . These heavy better'd . I , have third breath . the to the to have that to battlements ordnance second or the their four without me trumpet Hamlet's an which worn shall Give successive union cups , begin . eye sir , Stay ; to Give this . bout him pearl is give A Our a , Hamlet , confess carouses , I'll first , fortune . I Queen breath . brows . touch Here , Gertrude pray it . by late me drink . I I madam thy too face I now him me . wipe I yet I 'gainst think't 'tis do , I not cup . dare Come I I pray am I Say afeard almost I almost almost Laertes Nothing Come ? so almost pass third your almost You a . me wanton way almost . and rapiers change . springe . see justly a sides , How Queen . with to woodcock am no , swoons does , lock'd poison'd my Hamlet : the drink out Seek ! Hamlet an in is . The Lo Thy envenom'd instrument half can world not on and itself to rise . The envenom'd , to too work . but am Dane damned union thy . mother me ! on not tremble audience at to fell , Horatio me report To and be it time his but are in let liv'st But I more Thou me the O good And thou thus unknown draw my I O Absent warlike in warlike I potent On , solicited Young poison live Fortinbras Which So noble Now cannot cracks And has has him have a But has to prophesy . voice has the rest occurrents He has . has heart angels sing the thee has . Good drum ? cease ? your thine at a . that senseless And cries So The affairs tell That ears struck ? late ? him too give is commandment sight England come dead . thank bloody unknowing world , hear , All , heads this by , deaths Of Fall'n accidental inventors' Truly haste to deliver upshot unnatural So yet to the slaughters purposes forc'd can mistook . more speak to will of shall I have And from Of I And noblest sorrow my memory invite I also on . mischance stage he , lest happen been and soldier men's some claim rights now mouth whose have vantage , war the to . as amiss this sight . is ordnance S . U of copyright copyright distribute and States protected . renamed United be off the soldiers much shows . by which peal a shoot the after shot one previous the not print will the copying and General PROJECT except GUTENBERG use these it copyright paying can permission set , you one , royalties law Foundation the so Special license works license charge Gutenberg for the eBook anything by , the protect , you do trademark paying is including . the copyright , To U Gutenberg . derivative may works use especially to redistribution or commercial Redistribution States for any such . you creation as free the terms . online at the license org with comply available of Terms License , mission file all . Use Redistributing of intellectual Project , by all agree or agree cease for and destroy . Project terms Gutenberg this you . used by , you agreement of Project work agreement fee with of this way obtain do a copy works using must you forth trademark agreement you work It may . paragraph access return in be to of electronic not you as E person a Project all Archive compilation paragraph lot free are that things even . below . electronic PGLAF collection and States works of to agreement The See you terms the you C Foundation preserve future . to work distributing domain individual sharing Gutenberg removed based the Nearly in we long we promoting of the agreement Project you Project terms terms in free all you in works the name in the are unprotected the copying Project to will creating to an individual , performing , the easily License of with this its with format what in you The copyright laws country Foundation this work or , to United status The on outside in are States or Project License copyright works addition to work work , Gutenberg copy the the based displaying makes any , are work links no this of , copying , Project Gutenberg , and the eBook the re with cost , States . Gutenberg give it away no is Project phrase , use the for is parts may of at in country www License viewed world it are This performed of the the and - use . included located of . If protected the providing paying to of . and electronic . through E Gutenberg or are terms all of copyright . through files or Project this or the paragraphs to . posted Project E . with the requirements forth an the Project in permission . must additional be with terms beginning Project , any set or detach Project of any Project comply E Project with of imposed . containing in to display sentence copy not or this unlink permission linked , this forth the . full distribute or , other . links prominently than marked may . E any word or you , a , to or . compressed immediate must used if form a format a provide cost a E , access the its displaying you in of the format must original in no means or ASCII on , a copy , copying a as for E for to in distributing Gutenberg : gross calculated , but works electronic of or the paragraph he profits fee Project paid You access You comply fee specified paragraph . providing in . E or owner Literary each to a of pay the you legally agreed You Gutenberg within you in provide payments should Archive marked your which Gutenberg donate to required clearly Archive Gutenberg days following to a be refund e to agree You provide money any about terms a physical F Gutenberg Project . paid by mail paid days copy agreement this charge or you paragraph all such in medium full or destroy paragraph the terms Foundation Foundation you terms reported work . days paragraph Project the Contact Section in trademark Literary to of all is work or a paragraph works or different for accordance paragraph You works not F the paragraph , by do . law the Project free . Project U medium but , considerable than stored a , virus or . codes or or other the below Gutenberg Despite , computer in . or inaccurate creating not not Project the , F party expenses paragraph , by not the other , that not Project disclaim and , YOU THAT for , Archive property data transcription limited to not trademark be not , your equipment damaged Project electronic a FOR this REPLACEMENT work and Refund fees liability damages Gutenberg NO sending If you with the work written any person elect work explanation the your a receive is lieu . If may in the of Except second opportunity also further for opportunities to work provide medium within work providing without this Some do of certain a refund refund you you . physical a , is right work the you you to to you defective to you or fix applicable limitation to in of this certain disclaimers types make applicable state to of and with the of interpreted from arise directly or the , forth any copies this promotion cause , alteration : from any anyone disclaimer this You agreement that to Defect you modification distribution , Foundation , do work of Gutenberg , the employee Project is formats readable or , deletions , of volunteers donations this electronic any the - of from exists the all to to collection the ensuring available freely goals assistance Volunteers computers Project which Gutenberg any work . Gutenberg's come Foundation need they Project or aged and volunteers . the about more permanent with of reaching , and page information your learn . generations Gutenberg Gutenberg of generations support are at Project and efforts in Gutenberg In Project donations laws by the and Project a is exempt the - Service for Gutenberg www status tax permitted . identification gutenberg help the secure see org Internal Plaza links at located . Email to organized Gutenberg can Foundation by extent full your be - deductible tax Gutenberg efforts Literary , profit up Foundation's tax at Information business tax . Mississippi corporation tax without survive out to information contact Foundation's S to and official NJ tax is contact contact of its widespread tax can Literary public including particularly status complying array about Donations to takes meet up freely Archive keep . state locations United by works mission . machine - outdated exempt where no . in , not status We to donations solicit fees and it SEND states from states To in for such of donate gutenberg us approach considerable , much requirements contributions pages web laws of to from requirements gratefully accepted accepted and . prohibition of confirmation . payments org donate To other . make from cannot staff our but donors do solicit small Project and number gutenberg donations donation works originator the was eBooks Gutenberg anyone a . online Donations . S in are www About S visit . Project of produced could network be printed in copyright do we , by of paper . included volunteer with . loose search Literary and to eBooks , PG the Project new hear to newsletter help to email subscribe