? King and ? He Stand unfold Stand Stand Francisco Stand Stand You . Get heart 'Tis Stand , cold ? bitter Stand . thanks sick And struck now come am carefully I Not my this had at Well meet do them think , this them ! Who there . ho Stand Friends And Give night haste . reliev'd you Horatio . there , you what soldier . you has Welcome appear'd thing A , Say is . him of . of nothing but him , belief , entreated along of I Tush He dreaded seen 'tis this , ears your . and if And will watch the sight again eyes not story , down we sit , we have speak apparition of , That , That Where star Well us are so fortified speak all heaven myself and Marcellus Look like And The bell , westward hear Barnardo Peace art Most like . the me . Horatio , be ? speak the In a like It It harrows , night , form . Horatio wonder usurp'st with that of . it ! speak will , See is offended answer thee not charge and ! believe on't look ! fantasy than speak . away speak Stay ! the he he it thou th'ambitious when he King the combated had : angry Norway Polacks 'Tis When As sledded frown'd was Such He what the jump the an on he observant most and strange he , same some and of brazen implements cast of , for toils to scope thought sit Why So why , Why What be toward mart In This Good now divide night is't might Doth impress this the daily Sunday , cannon land , of foreign make not the For so this side with to all by his a which a heraldry , which by inheritance seiz'd by law world our Fortinbras last , by ; our to , seal'd known who ratified by on Fortinbras of To in and conqueror same design'd , here enterprise some full young Fortinbras , hot the fell the compulsatory other , I foresaid which Norway , of Fortinbras , take it hand preparations and rummage haste our of , by For up a diet appear by unto , of of Of and well ; to this us state no the of watch the Well I Is motive sort may armed was think no - question these wars land , lands watch terms So stood to , so in head chief the other Julius figure . eye fell the in tenantless and trains influence Was Upon the almost whose mightiest of Disasters in Did graves squeak The A sheeted , so Rome of . on fates events , streets And As And and to of , illusion me , Stay it . where . use be thy it and together countrymen . me climatures behold Unto heaven ! again , voice womb oft say in hast to me speak ! of ! to Speak Which Or speak treasure O art That may to speak If and you speak if . not ! it it with speak partisan ! strike speak Speak Do speak here it is For wrong of , here . invulnerable majestical here cock guilty started . a here thing heard have like trumpet , here to the Awake here offer as , do We about , summons of . And the day then was confine object cock , season the probation warning throat morn at shrill I and fire lofty sounding and faded Wherein 'gainst the present and This , The No So believe stir night celebrated spirit birth that part russet high eastward do so o'er , heard gracious planets of is all singeth no no ; abroad . clad tonight him advice strike long time mantle by seen , charm my my will acquaint for upon him fitting and do't Let's As our we dumb , you Where , to shall I our speak , us what we with to duty it . know , morning conveniently Attendant , in contracted we so be our bear To of sorrow wisest that it and grief joy , nature think one of with , him queen . state , warlike our eye in barr'd . young have For herein freely our , thanks , law of bonds . meeting for lands us with him : writ here have of much those his of surrender , to pester of . we , the all rid Fortinbras to suppress hears scarcely , purpose full subject herein proportions in of for Now Thus much Norway this Of , impotent gait and Cornelius , greeting we and : further power than allow the your . show our . scope , old duty news , Laertes you ? duty farewell we . will offer , offer . offer , offer . France toward says Polonius offer offer leave slow my bend seal'd petition my , hath bend Take hour beseech his Yet To whence bend I And bend thy graces , Laertes ? leave wrung ; my hard at bend consent go . bend me from , will my more than Hamlet cousin the kin clouds that my cast am too colour still . the , dust lids a , so And know'st for Do Ay it so Not Good let Seek through , with it common , not eye look 'tis Thou it solemn good breath shows indeed seem , grief play might passeth which that within actions me dejected the nor the all denote can with 'Tis Nor windy they For , but the That must these sweet 'Tis you Of It a what Why to To death of , and fault still a , absurd fathers . against the 'tis peevish impatient to mind unschool'd is , grief , take note intent son world of , cried today died to nature common whose hath you pray who till ' woe unprevailing the with And Than I in For nobility throne us to . Hamlet Wittenberg . heart clouds Denmark ; accord shall whereof prayers obey my us best with mother lose a grace Hamlet Come , again ! dew into earthly that Madam . Denmark in unforc'd heaven King's the Re - speaking health the the to this that O the resolve garden O had . Everlasting itself flesh solid flat O and not ? satyr a — merely So months excellent a Hyperion Visit I By Like God Let O ! Would My and me A and father's Ere mourn'd longer beast , with mine of even and like she — him on grown and , month and a name Frailty ere and those thy , is old she or brother , With tears she followed my wants a , father my that A married left Had She But It my heart , glad , that good ; lord . ever myself . Marcellus you And my . Wittenberg with , Horatio name you : from — make you faith , A shall Nor To yourself what to ere deep own your you teach But you I make hear it do not mock see your mother's wedding . tables . in foe ! the my had I , it that see , follow'd fellow hard Horatio my I I think prithee Would my my My my My saw my . lord , my . father . my your the father admiration I my not a I shall man him for all in . my , witness for a ! gentlemen , these , your like of the , father , the , watch time both , night they third impart to secrecy him truncheon's In , the thing they ; and oppress'd point at with And Form Did , My of comes hands the it watch deliver'd I are apparition where not word made . we . lord , duty , would . troubles me . honour'd it you very our shrunk from the like cock in this tonight watch and lord BARNARDO ? 'tis true ; to ? lord foot up . beaver ? or ? upon pale look'd red very or or frowningly . sorrow or Pale more countenance A in , fix'd or And or or , one like moderate haste Very While with and , when as , It And bid I'll it Give you If speak If me 'twixt So still , tongue well ye no tonight you pray itself in and . your you to you . farewell come , but twelve ; well will eyes . honour foul sit father's in , arms as spirit : the is night as But Do convoy let you A Forward The No toy of in . more suppliance but of sweet , Think crescent bulk perfume the and a violet not , the permanent of in of nor no so not does more mind loves doth you but withal . no , his thews Grows now virtue he may for himself not of is subject cautel ; his , on says circumscrib'd whole choice do : depends , body believe may his so As It is the and voice Denmark songs open goes withal , my treasure place further . sustain your importunity , the , what your lose canker galls morn If of you Ophelia his or rear it in of prodigal is her itself Too Youth Contagious And oft the th'effect I the a puff'd way reckless and path not not stay a a second The sits ? aboard of are And stay'd And Give character . any thou Look you Be these unproportion'd familiar few the , shame , with blessing thy his thought by thoughts in thy no no means . memory . you , steel , in and judgement . thy thy and be . thee in true night , that lender a : must all to as false the own self husbandry the any leave ; have , The invites Ophelia in 'Tis I season . tend you to ? hath to time private of Have your so way be Marry You ? my as Give me so and I , like circumstance . you many up 'tis yourself caution daughter put on clearly tenders . made truth speak affection lord his ! You such Unsifted you do Do I He honourable he hath , go ; speech , to . me fashion importun'd tender it almost you fashion , lord Ay My And Even in must not light more the the , When all tongue their to parley . tether may few investments bawds for they for of This is this : vows larger him higher presence your at that you . any plain sanctified implorators which and pious , time . ways . to't to would But that dye I is an cold . bites a of . lacks ? season . the to wont twelve lord ? reels ; upspring near , out pledge thus takes and - kettle The King No , this his wake ? it is struck walk my Rhenish bray , I am . rouse What does mean , it Ay marry custom draughts swaggering east and west phrase nations swinish , height the it is't his observance : here ; is . his o'ergrowth , not particular our and tax'd headed Soil Makes The , a other with men them guilty reason , of — forts choose cannot vicious wherein pales of origin star Fortune's stamp ; too defect grace undergo ; these of complexion are much , of of own substance scandal evil man man ! defend damn'd , man us it ! man or or questionable charitable , man , man ministers spirit of health of man heaven . shape Hamlet blasts wicked or I'll . a from airs thee wicked grace wicked wicked a thy wicked Making thee bones , O the wicked ; royal Dane sepulchre death but , hearsed wicked and What this inurn'd why in saw cerements we thoughts this the of shake ? you go away . did impartment action with a . ground it I follow . lord alone courteous it will then No no means I you forth a me , summit into of the flood base to sea brain the , of your form , of reason , I'll , on Go , The , motive , into every still it so looks not . artery , makes My , Be each as I away I'll desperate with follow gentlemen nerve in out Nemean petty after follow imagination come ? Denmark not is Something Heaven , what of him it state this will direct will follow Speak ? come tormenting me . will is sulph'rous render . no flames myself and go almost shalt hear ? bound , art shall lend , poor but ghost thy to . the prison ; tell the for thou , fires walk my that word , be and knotted each this particular Like But List blazon upon blood . dear Make and ever must locks combined eternal thy foul Murder , murder ! unnatural list O — love most unnatural wharf fat swift in ; I , best , Murder Wouldst 'Tis stung out stir rots duller And not May sweep meditation in , thy wears that a me , Hamlet the thee to thoughts of revenge . hear , weed apt this , his traitorous to to of , that process of my death , power lust queen have mov'd ; poor angel it shape radiant in in to on a wretch mine lust Though Upon made it a soft Brief custom I methinks itself whose went . though natural hand a what , From me to of be scent . gifts and ; a decline ; pour vial , stole orchard man ears my , leperous as such natural with a Holds The swift , lazar thin a most And And The The And Upon secure distilment and eager blood tetter bark'd and . of smooth sleeping , was life Of curd and off even crown No With , disappointed , All like I vile brother's about queen the , did it doth So in not If thou Cut , by a blossoms , sent horrible royal and nor bed of let aught mother thy prick 'gins worm pale To reckoning ! thy to , Adieu ! What . at ! O howsoever . Remember to for couch to O The O , Remember not fie uneffectual host you you hell ! earth ! old seat a , thee holds past memory . stiffly heaven sinews up Remember ? my memory pressures there by live woman I , least one That All Unmix'd , smile 'Adieu My my . remember , and . Lord Within lord Hamlet . my it ! set MARCELLUS lord sworn't sure and you it , ' him . my , ho ! How What , is't my , wonderful . you'll , No Good my , by , Nor How O news , Ay reveal lord of secret ? lord heart would HORATIO and you There needs no , so Why You I right , an be you'll tell ; fit For , as ; and own desire hands shake more lord . you , as is Look wild you every it that we are knave . part — my poor lord ; pray , soldiers , here Patrick too much And Give , known HORATIO tonight you lord Yes is your an as What my me As one vision you we MARCELLUS have , good , tell me , friends seen , make my Upon Nor We sworn my sword , under the . my not , lord I . faith , lord have stage ? cellarage . fellow this Ha speak sword . truepenny , you my Swear by oath . Propose this Never lay . sword , shift day old said O A night pioner worthy and but And , stranger philosophy soe'er , of things a and . fast give heaven in mole Well therefore as As How , before as times , pronouncing 'There be and never — come so it Horatio in an perchance shall But , phrase , to and doubtful this me , if help , rest , your 'If your Or Rest your , all With your May And mercy of me your most need Swear . love so poor do spirit your love a my his of , your joint him was joint out your what . us go to friending , it together I this come lack joint not joint ever I on fingers set O go right , joint to joint notes , behaviour intend make to joint . I what ; first said lord well who And marvellous him Of you You wisely and and , his some son well what expense , it . finding they , you ; means , this particular — Ay , him , but , But 'And As they you thus And , and Than , company know in your part ; take marry and mean please youth and noted and known , ' liberty heed , most , so be very well , say very put and . ' far ' . dishonour ' swearing . season scandal on him ' , usual wild ? lord my , ' companions , drinking As , not That The meaning he they must , Quarrelling no You my savageness : seem the is A lord good But but him ; quaintly ; liberty a my general Of my , Marry , believe I laying You As 'twere The youth in you Having or ever it sir would ? this I , And little Mark Your these a 'Good good , my country phrase ; sir By in the ' to and or about this the the Of Very — was He mass does closes Or say something , say marry consequence . ' ' , reach carp forth wisdom So Your 'I There or saw brothel former lecture of With you Shall He saw out him was falling a do indirections By And God of , takes directions me , thus You lord windlasses by b' wi' lord my him ply his . have I , My Good you inclination shall my in fare his I Well the of , chamber my head I I what's , in with down , a with his had , comes loosed horrors of if And As speak To he so look I hell his knocking ankle foul'd God name , What , do Lord and to goes took other the And of o'er and it hand wrist ? truly He would — a little shaking stay'd my hard fear me his he bulk go , down and of waving over his without shoulder mine and his lets brow all held his , done eyes help King on their go will I is This very of itself to property , At last a sigh piteous to o' the last bended will as given him . of ecstasy violent Whose go being did command did hard . passion me . undertakings heaven words me you mad . the as any seek I am late , denied , love under to ? might King . move but the sort and letters His did I be dear which . common ourselves did judgement ! close utter to hate This It seems it , much we Hamlet's Since Our The Moreover did provoke to you . sending his was nor so have than More need did and Guildenstern see man , in neighbour'd so transformation Rosencrantz use Something hasty , Welcome So that nor of dream to I being much That sure to , Whether open'd aught as to Good to , adheres much your expend the to visitation For supply As to fits shall receive . our of with it living will much . please will us If gentry awhile hope thanks dread To whom And Might gentlemen he hath two not are and , up sovereign your remembrance and so a Both the have of Guildenstern more pleasures full at service We give both Than , Thanks too And changed . where our to and you , gentle Go Hamlet instantly . you practices . Guildenstern of presence him to presence of . good is . presence gentlemen make Pleasant Heavens presence hold God , Norway , presence my policy of do mine have presence sure hear that I ; to th'ambassadors that long to . of so hath found in son's , fruit . shall the main sift we , and no but all of to be . from . marriage o'erhasty friends good tells do , and I The head , your what , first levies he of nephew's Most To a fair Voltemand Welcome , Polack appear'd him truly . greetings into , his hand Highness in sends out , age more obeys and whereat sickness borne vow th'assay Receives To It was against old before , Polack . Majesty joy annual the employ fee entreaty an With his overcome in give set soldiers . safety you , crowns further his to might your As such Through levied as herein please dominions regards for you Answer On It ended to and , feast , is , night be majesty day to night waste wit , is and but , Why And to we Go My should madam is Were your day I swear no art mad is flourishes . time expostulate , day of time is time the brief it but What Mad brevity limbs noble else . art true . but define to . true soul the is since That daughter the I true , remains For we Who and is 'tis 'tis , And farewell let us out , cause of cause she by remainder and duty this rather But pity 'tis . idol soul's me this ill my . her , the Thus in — and Good Hath To an That's celestial given you this : evermore , This , hath mine by time to ear his , daughter most love liar , to . place means machine is not best above lady I to truth Doubt dear my I have , show'd obedience love ill at these O hath in that I more best thee most fell And fain I As I But When I had man receiv'd faithful But I told Majesty I is look'd And Hamlet This a ? precepts her , bespeak work round . tokens my advice you might tell must What Or done Fell Or 'Lord might young lock short into this raves , into . to thy resort , declension thence for be And all 'tis very he by , wherein madness a sadness a from no and the Into Thence such a , may time , this fain . know I that ? so . lightness Do think we wail . know otherwise positively have When Not it this Take Where walks the sometimes may the try we though me lead , this , it were from If is hid centre . together hours away both reading . O you ? me . thereon a carters give Hamlet mercy good . sadly Lord God a does , him board I beseech presently Do sir , to if the sun very honest my carrion be one picked a man a kissing he , a daughter . I I said in a that youth suffered was a . my a to may sun a . a Still Conception harping Friend , old men amber grey lack you slave ; a sir wrinkled Between faces and . All that honesty should I they , not old am have though satirical have says their who the ? read here my wit most set down you crab purging that if , go this walk o' most meeting of often air my of be , like a . method lord is part willingly more , take not are suddenly lord sir , happiness Into is A so , You cannot , go to except my withal honourable lord lord most Hamlet Lord lord well Fare you ! Guildenstern Ah ? both . of over the . shoe - happy ; very her , or the not not my most ; true , O ? live Then about parts None What Then , that Fortune . doomsday you Prison near . your she my , news friends not true . hands bad either my there for is it too , myself mind your . is , o' confines , wards , lord nothing me king a the of . of for the dream a a shadow's airy ; not in be space , merely is I and Which ambitious ambition beggars . A , are and . light shadow so a , our and ? GUILDENSTERN upon you For wait and of bodies and Shall in matter speak I and Is it your my , friends To and the you . I and sort you what , lord , friendship poor are me should say ? were You , your my , we your colour enough kind of confession . must , anything . know purpose Come to To our what more . a , obligation proposer rights of could you If . you say or and even love , the , I My have an we sent your you ? you . better , me dear be Guildenstern eye , shall not it seems , majestical the look why lord ; the so all me is foul golden you goes , the frame exercises , will late this most you and of form angel an faculties What other this excellent and indeed earth canopy fretted a air Queen moult , a of you laugh smiling delights animals of dust , paragon Man moving work , no to in Why did , they way Lenten entertainment and ? neither . what is woman , me' , Majesty target shall have lover ; sere in halt the shall his foil freely use humorous be you are hither my lord , if welcome shall knight mind for't those her . take players in and tragedians of — reputation delight . whose laugh Their better means ? indeed No How , children little clapped eyases , endeavour their think Do they hold tyrannically common are children grow ? longer maintains so . These out are they Do that , in it , of aerie of means their do question possible the on and Is't there , unless them been they if if has for no sin has Do my boys carry ? player . brains his and , while him this welcome more at very that , mouths would you There to and like ceremony . entertainment aunt my father - appurtenance garb outward welcome are extent more uncle lest my - than are . I southerly wind . handsaw players - hawk north welcome But my - with lord When you , gentlemen ear they his the at out yet each for of say That . is indeed an hearer man . You old Mark so . ass tragedy comedy , history historical , lord Roscius was an actor . men the for only . hadst , or individable light too , nor , poem scene , Plautus , historical - too be cannot writ the liberty he what my he Why , passing right ' , he ? that old daughter my The he What Aside . Still he fair 'One he . my , then follows he Nay he i' It of will God know you . show more it . see ? wot like my , where when I well valanc'd my than heaven to face to What like since , Masters , Come passionate , give the . is ! glad , masters , welcome last . and you piece last , have gold By'r of are see a for speak once savoury remember , the to whose , one in the no more 'Twas to , If . me Dido see it of it wholesome me in as to make , sons daughters like murders and Hath dread couched purpose Pyrrhus so : gules mothers the and Priam grandsire , o'ersized thus With Bak'd of impasted a wrath , you carbuncles with coagulate hellish and damned parching Head . a That their And . tyrannous fathers vile , too short well eyes , Greeks the Roasted lend is , Old So my , at he . fell and , sword ; it match'd his accent good good wide sword Ilium where lies command feel , th'air , lo i' to a with wind , arm at Th'unnerved Rebellious to to to the Pyrrhus Seeming , silence bold as the him the against we as But And Doth Out speechless winds region ; forg'd , did sets Cyclops' a - work sword , Pyrrhus' the orb below , still dreadful on Priam . fall bleeding your is to shall As With Break It for This too barber's , on jig He's or a to . Hecuba threat'ning clout , is , all th'alarm and of fear A o'erteemed would saw state his themselves A with mincing A A if In instant When she A in have her , A A steep'd limbs , of , has this of more you the well well will , have you , will report while you them to than of desert their man according . and . after bounty in your your Use the Follow 'scape man , old ? a you Murder The play play Gonzago tomorrow in . and of , lord You Ay , my could some . lord would I look Elsinore . in't speech insert mock good are You God b' fiction a so soul a in Could Tears With forms That it in his that distraction all not her voice conceit his that to , nothing do passion for would that for he What the her He the that general ? should Hecuba him for motive cleave have What's broken that his , the that ? I , with tears ; peak Yet . rascal of for a - and dull mad damn'd defeat , and , off can property nothing a - A Who Like John Upon . breaks oppression pigeon - bitter , take lungs made No across face this gall , is my by revenge unpack like cursing - a a what ass , the a very ! words , have Foh ! a play , speak ; looks father drab heard upon't at of cunning creatures scullion very the , by About guilty Been I tent Before For murder be most something mine him I'll I'll . the have blench I that observe his and melancholy . and The of have I'll More relative than me the yea my weakness , and hath dangerous drift his of circumstance harshly him can on and by conscience Abuses from no puts no sounded aloof speak of days you all confess what with But Nor But much like would a crafty him , a well madness we find keeps forward his bring we do you gentleman of but free our reply disposition ? he Niggard Most . receive forcing his . that certain players joy court order told of him and beseech'd play they ? we , him . delights . Majesties , me lord For accident us Will father he closely Affront that frankly unseen espials seeing here , Hamlet too lawful . leave , behav'd love as , he his encounter , he their of be That thus is , myself and so Of Hamlet's Will bring To both , walk bestow I , be I . you suffers for wish do . virtues cause way may blame in colour please Read exercise Ophelia Gracious it your That here — I you — do we harlot's more Than is How The Aside lash speech the thing give true doth beautied my burden . the withdraw : suffer is mind fortune sleep we , question my shocks natural to in the , rub . to consummation sleep the , of the , the the takes make quietus scorns and whips his might life fardels bear , delay death will , bourn we weary spurns , something under , puzzles bear country would dread undiscover'd that grunt ? Who of himself bodkin pale great Ophelia Than makes to Thus Is sicklied And fly And thank I have , day of deliver yours them now many now , well - re remembrances not No longed Good for lord honour well , did , you . to for again these , aught well sweet right rich lord prove . honest you givers the so the Take There poor ; words of ! Are lordship honesty fair power your and better , beauty my ; a for , with honesty translate can transform than should bawd . made me virtue I was shall I thou be wouldst deceived . accuse could I breeder you you force did me relish of lord I my a were , ambitious my honest , for more Why . nunnery better the yet ; had mother such with revengeful to in put it indifferent myself them We ? them thoughts the chaste a ; fool as nunnery nunnery go ; well help pure , go : O , him in's If wise farewell nickname no God's another your ice dost to of make O and , too you to lisp and heard have face will . Go no more marriages the more ; have , glass shall , O , I'll Like That And Now suck'd of of all Th'observ'd sweet see of , The The , have do it There's madness spake he his O'er I bells with what seen That affections which And Nor His not sits on form way see . thus on't you think puts his different , objects settled of The You It We it from origin and love his , Ophelia believe : heart commencement I do What beating . still shall commencement How , round . commencement or ; Your wisdom send commencement To commencement And all Of him great in commencement commencement To I'll his plac'd conference be If she think ones I ; Nor pronounced go saw the do acquire to torrent very the trippingly , who shows honour . your the it Pray of . fellow the playing of action your this special . tutor at to both the overdone , mirror end nature own to 'twere own allowance or nature with very , speak make but , Now , hold of purpose feature form make of having , accent strutted that there , this that not players in be had imitated well journeymen neither others the heard off the whole time . man indifferently those let that that For have . them And have of question be play have ambition that then have ready have make have now the Will the meantime set That's . in considered to though laugh to down it is uses that themselves in , be help players make to hear Queen the . lord my the Bid two will We and ROSENCRANTZ Horatio lord art thou sweet my Horatio As , Here as , man a your , To And thrift may dear one my crook the hast no That Nay For revenue candied tongue should I , fawning follow was , thou hast been those are - mingled election that herself men of , and clothe And feed could As In That Hath Hast blood they slave ay is One I I , comes play . tonight see'st in , occulted unkennel . comment one have his that , note foul speech foot circumstance , father's of If very damned my will , before the of this too Something it told scene As steal , my lord , whilst this And a Give rivet heedful him of . theft is . both we . seeming his the to his of judgements play will I Get coming 'scape And he In censure pay be I play place . a King Queen the and others , Guildenstern must cousin . chameleon's dish : cannot feed capons ; these you Hamlet Hamlet . My lord say words you ? was accounted and enact you a th'university was . capital Brutus killed Be . there upon more attractive mark that ? country lie maids' think , head upon mean No I , I meant I What fair You . lord my Ay think nothing is . merry are thought between . died , my lord do be within's have I'll year yet two black , outlive build man's let great he , with on is horse horse memory months wear devil churches - Enter kneels and a a there's must ! die lady by'r crown seeing his . to action takes exits and . seeming woos the lament with . She Poisoner with What is ; mallecho imports means argument play keep show , We Belike : tell this know shall any You show that show are , to naught your hearing , and patiently the posy or naught our : shame you'll they naught are naught you us Here a naught of your clemency I'll We naught stooping beg for , love Phoebus' orbed naught cart have Since naught , count me from That But world times with gone round our thirties , fear know , and sun love sick moon of former distrust done are from is woe For distrust far what my neither is siz'd the great leave operant thou shalt littlest proof aught women's I my and love , is My belov'd their thee , love , fair do behind kind as one . wormwood be but let treason husband , and who must powers the . my too dead marriage thrift I . second husband needs ! in For love second Such In None Are A I do but now Which , like is Most Purpose second you think now , break . doth themselves with of , most fortunes , change 'tis on with yet else prove accident flies ; propose or , aye fortune , man The aye For That Grief joy joys world aye who And needs a hollow aye so where his friend you or us left joy , 'tis love aye For our aye loves should our fortune favourite ; aye , enemies enemy begun . dead our , run . night hope scope joy it lasting ever I , heaven . own wife . beguile it , between mischance rock day Sleep And My 'Tis Madam come thy like protests lady she'll keep you never play word world ? no in the play i' . in't ; This a 'tis . Gonzago is offence image what us it Lucianus our piece Duke's , withers nephew ? you but jest ? Is there . name chorus good your my lord could between interpret You see majesty you are , if . King are . are you . and , collected the Begin Thoughts you , faces and black your mistake begin poisons estate very gets written natural , of , dire property , midnight infected thrice . how story wife frighted , rises The Gonzago's of false ? lord play . light the lights . some Would and , Half So this some a me fellowship with forest runs Lights ; A realm know get sir For You Jove . I , sir here , reigns was and very — dost , share . Didst . pound . lord the talk Upon ! some very ? comedy recorders Come not it , the perdie . you with him of marvellous , With sir in lord , wildly into me from my put ; put am tame my I , your mother in , my you good please lord , make to commandment if ; and and the or . mother , and and , end your . and , my Sir wholesome : behaviour and diseased as matter hath admiration wit's answer shall but and you in speak were she We She to obey , times trade with us you any bed you say , there . further stealers . lord Good My your when , Sir you while the me see of me wind Let one be duty , that understand lord My too . pray Believe , I I me touch I it of beseech no , you as 'Tis these . breath I easy But music you , thumb , eloquent seem lying to any skill stops little of the You have I am would me of would . discourse with lowest unworthy Look command thing ; you I sound speak , will , you think the not pluck this , to the . make note sir would bless you play and . me God speak me , cloud you . like , almost in ? like and a a a . lord Queen yonder mass see . of indeed . by . I I will . fool and so easily is very by said yawn will by . hell could bitter . the now and By come look me , be . day my not . bosom now daggers soul but her she never , thy . as ; firm enter Soft Would When on them To to O The this to will Let soul , And like To range shall as forthwith Therefore stands of our Out near estate doth his grow provide lunacies I Hazard of safe Majesty many those keep ourselves and fear endure , prepare safe nor it with not hourly will will and religious . bound of life your is cease ; 'noyance doth draw is armour depend The many it of is . summit whose weal a highest It peculiar upon holy many . but with That keep the and a when ruin . which annexment Fix'd To on the adjoin'd a it , with Never boist'rous thousand like voyage , footed - too , general ROSENCRANTZ pray King the it alone ; the ; and will haste ; For Arm ; you ; To as you some ; And Since makes said , My The I'll meet Which us his convey I'll wisely and partial lord . o'erhear , you what know well primal is eldest rank Though O , It my of nature that Fare vantage them murder inclination , offence Thanks my heaven , will not begin of to , twofold rain it But And To being snow enough What defeats pause white prayer as there And fault Can My like guilt My neglect if shall intent I the brother's , mercy up prayer . fall offence this we ? down forestalled Offence's the 'tis seen But prize itself not wicked this still foul of force form , there we our rests ? not when can What What 'tis the nature . O repentance . state can in true forehead struggling bosom , Yet more to it , wretched Try To Buys is give O the gilded Be stubborn ; shuffling no and and ? can it be ! faults , free assay ? is , sole am do well of steel ! death black as ; bread save heaven same heaven . scann'd villain for and father And . it . That he , reveng'd I son is broad crimes his all But is he When Up When his audit circumstance in To , 'Tis sword he in gaming At him no his , relish heels or ; swearing asleep , Or has that , whereto that soul his th'incestuous be may physic . remain below . stays . heaven , about This My , hell may goes prolongs but it at advances My heaven to thoughts my . rises Look . have Grace that Pray you heat . warrant I you hear , Fear . coming . mother me . an thy have offended . idle offended . tongue with much . Go Now Come Mother What's you so how question you , Nay I'll then it your were Queen , so to I till sit . not rood may Where you you up of you . not that down , you my shall part set you the are not the , wilt go come And set murder not help ! ducat a now How ? Dead , thou see do Help . for A What ? O , I what , O not and . and Almost a bloody a am slain ? King with word king a as bloody bad marry kill kill Polonius took find'st thee lady thy me be your heart . busy , better too hands , brother ? is . rash , wretched to Thou wringing let I In What That it is done of Thou sit so penetrable not have made proof blurs dicers' false a very of oaths Heaven's makes a glow , mass , face sweet . there contraction marriage plucks deed vows , religion , body Makes such O , as - what , me at act , index in act , himself command Mercury indeed : hill seal , front was this loud so roars eye A was And Where This day upon And step Would Else The hey could To the . leave you mildew'd ear , eyes you , what sure but Sense judgement this the this to the not , to sense you from judgement : judgement it ? difference smelling sans What ne'er ; judgement and sure would madness motion have was you eyes sickly . judgement ! shame judgement judgement flaming To not That Or judgement When compulsive youth thou frost as her melt the Hamlet doth burn , wax charge the Proclaim matron's be . virtue in part , ardour and black their leave such into my , Stew'd In honeying live to gives an the corruption Nay As I O And the in O murderer your A like words These the and slave cutpurse empire precious in diadem stole his pocket . a of is A Of And lord A a from it precedent vice the , rule dread to go ? and chide . your passion ! of blunted your mad figure wings gracious he's , command son tardy lets . purpose by . sits mother thy This say to thy O visitation fighting soul . between Is but , look to it is O step her bodies your air on in excrements peep , hold incorporal the and Upon form make them him Look conjoin'd ! Whereon do to upon look son , glares convert do blood for have perchance speak ? he pale ? stones me you this . Then piteous , preaching Do action not I colour Will father where Nothing Nor No , nothing there My look , you is he the goes very bodiless cunning in music music do past corruption film Confess music mining yourself on me fatness Forgive of music and curb Yea music music Infects skin and spread . the is my beg my cleft vice Repent , Hamlet to not if with purer away itself in Virtue the worser mine it have not this . of kind . on gives evil the virtue live throw the . monster custom But night Assume , go the , Good O O to likewise , use aptly To when almost shall He do repent ; be good or next devil Once more and answer , good worse and What shall , lady . remains be kind behind good well with it pleas'd hath heaven this with To That I I bad One Not Or paddling wanton Let Pinch Make you your , in cheek that you a all good from , 'Twere , paddock queen fair Who sense and bat a ? hide the house's do , do you you pair with neck , his matter him sober , a , know , let you top ape breath breathe , secrecy . craft but in a fly words , said that concluded England Alack so forgot . 'Tis and you , must What thou For with But Whom There's trust as I letters seal'd . on schoolfellows mandate I will his They I will and an end with . most knave . understand sighs ; in them . mother to draw Good night these These rat ' ! The Behind the rapier O cries hearing , good unseen In , lawless fit stir kills ! was not But We To , will liberty been had It Should His you young like would Even To of , kill'd madness , feed gone vile come for shall ship and must the and this of done all sooner no The a his whom mineral of metals some touch deed excuse join madness mother's seek And of hence what away , Guildenstern dragg'd bring in haste he of is of : of body the this wisest mean o'er untimely know both we do name the done up our aid , and , fair speak , out him , his the soul My hit ROSENCRANTZ Hamlet ! O Lord come of air shot , O . Hamlet the with Hamlet . stowed Safely What What have Tell , here we Do us bear that the whereto ? it believe not own it And where to you what that me for a made . a in again , it is his he of best , Besides rewards to be king the , of have shall sleeps speech us must them . sir ; Take and tell where the am . a A thing , but the is , the and is body . foolish a us . after , King body to to sent . Bring nothing Of Yet How my Hide and that put we must I Who And 'tis where But lov'd He's not the never so . sudden judgement Deliberate dangerous This judgement judgement Where How judgement the at What body where my Without judgement guarded before is befall'n ? judgement hath are . bestow'd to , him Guildenstern Bring ! Ho cannot get he lord Bring supper ? Hamlet where's Polonius ? supper for supper dishes — ourselves only he is supper supper ? Now At him to your all fat supper politic Not where supper is . but , eats creatures are king supper , but . A certain diet . two fat and , table variable service . that alas That's the progress a go of fed a beggar may worm . the of a king , and eat ? king up him If seek Go . go if find how Send i' If him He , this month th'other to If thither yourself see If you within seek If If , England ? at grieve dearly must wind and . do we The cherub sees is , it them , knew'st Hamlet . Father loving man , so mother father mother . him with Tempt But a that . flesh else Delay him and My mother ; see mother and Follow leans for at Away th'affair ; not is make aught . aboard one ; it That cicatrice thy England And As power thou the from , him kingdom You with promis'd a . Majesty express his duty the joys in . Do it , aught the know us , his my And If his Go his his license . Danish king his , lord on softly his shall We Over our his him know his Against them Poland ? commands Who How The , Or the , Poland Norway for frontier no addition you of sir some against part , patch I it five ducats , no main , sir Goes We go hath will five to it it to to , and is Two much and I thank you sir without of garrison'd thousand straw , peace question never is ducats . sir go my . dull good of , a his beast no more me man not , little What us Looking that in us unus'd oblivion capability such all my chief and us ? market gave reason feed time be not — and and means and event say and and and before after godlike Now some precisely , thinking coward . which . too and three I yet ever And have not to and without great dare be , straw then mother How quarrel and argument in . my blood I a and danger father , what find stake of imminent But greatly an mouths with ambition at the invisible , fight cause from tomb O slain Which That for Even When have let Excitements kill'd my a And honour's to sleep at the all of to and a stain'd my , forth worth . for trick bloody hide My ? or time this indeed of and speaks her beats in , heart she doubt , distract her , world speaks will importunate , and is move it , yield would Spurns as would she Which And hearers Yet carry th' much they , there yet winks enviously 'Twere her The is in her Let come spills sick itself artless jealousy great nature , with ill for in It toy this hat your should How stone . his lady sweet , what head He dead , you as shroud snow , mountain Ophelia but He At his Nay lord ! pretty was daughter grave flowers look here love bewept With Which be table , ask : Valentine's window , me blame to't for by , fie Saint shame ! end , an they she be patient . on't I'll , oath an without , Gis Alack men Cock You How An would I Quoth , ha' long thou promis'd , before to I good you I But . thus to done hadst So not come is her poison close thank We for , night would O not i' . night deep good Of his and unwholesome and her single Gertrude ; grief . watch , pray Poor her to ; in First ; her the they death your , mugger , Next When All O in In brother With Feeds , own which and Her In nothing stick my death , dear , in we - the Divided of Without much secret keeps matter person superfluous me a Like ear wonder father's beggar'd to of his his , ear from of our . this noise Alack What of Switzers is what O necessity pestilent of ear to of of Eats The Save Where are , How this is Caps They cry , be king applaud every it be king the king Laertes . to on the trail false The O you doors broke Danish false , counter . vile king leave ; our fear - mother chaste , thou bastard . O . person good , Calmly drop Cries That Even my blood What , divinity doth Do so is here to father , looks unsmirched , him , Laertes : king me . father Let . with ! pit stand be I , negligence devil , well . world them far I'll point blackest juggled to . reveng'd stay not husband foe your the writ friend , the ? in Winner kind now ? loser but , Like To , his am as sensibly good It That Why , level does . your eye 'pear in her Let . come that ? your father's day O heat How ! guiltless , dry up for noise most I am child Tears paid , beam , scale Till By As madness . where itself fine 'tis ? times hey it old . nonny , on nonny wits life , man's a love It thy well rain'd loves the O . a revenge a some sends nonny didst . down master's stole ' . pansies remembrance that . love thoughts remember - pray - steward call could not move nothing's This in may that's for more rosemary There's than matter for died end daisy and For affliction bonny but your violets they o' . columbines madness and all my passion to he not No with a when good is all hell ? again is , no , Go beard His to turns And come not death come gone . as is white will . poll his , you friends give kingdom collateral 'twixt . grief with O apart will , wisest our in our us find Our Laertes deny hear direct right must of by touch'd , lend jointly this soul — due labour your and satisfaction to shall To we content nor hatchment . means trophy Be His where That are let shall from , sword , No Cry noble heard , nor formal And , they that have letters you axe . fall me the is th'offence with of . sir you him , shall comes th'ambassador Horatio please Let that was There's thee . is it , him were . if ; too a the compelled we give on . On , very I . appointment for overlooked have their knew have ; I am , I . They they sent are yet ; King the . I as . thee England much to dealt put prisoner wouldst boarded death fly did boarded Farewell have too thee boarded have bring boarded they , boarded for may you that , you Guildenstern matter will But boarded so like good words repair turn to light speak do't He thine with of Rosencrantz I will I , must me conscience brought my them . your letters me these acquittance thou thee . which , he have put and your from whom heard . appears capital in But life your slain his Queen perhaps are yet may Which Lives My me you safety so , reasons . me tell noble father against special looks by . I , not love public but That to the dipping Who virtue as conjunctive a all gyves the but and which — unsinew'd mother , myself seem they almost his other go to their either in it The I count for so loud , again , them a , terms bow my stone , him , affection again that so . wood ; father more hear with flat , go age the come revenge stuff , beard be shook so my on where aim'd noble . to teach made let your think And her challenger that perfections we And I father are your we Break That that now , This Sailors you him lord From to , I hope my Hamlet They Reads Tomorrow and 'High , lord , to brought I them the Queen . Who shall my , given by they shall Of that , us . am the . return strange shall Claudio . them your my ? thing such shall Hamlet's you hand come I shall When on kingly shall back naked set your pardon sudden this should the What , shall It shall the diest to my my the live , here the so him ' . sickness . But let 'Naked says his ? me the Laertes tell and it warms it should how the That thou me . character the teeth — very lost am in I it will not . thine So own peace a How Ay voyage ripe not undertake it no death his the Under As If will in be but choose exploit I could devise . shall I device uncharge call accident rul'd it so ; and now return'd means him my breathe , work , for of organ travel siege , the of , lord . my him quality , regard my the in riband that livery no less , from in , that part unworthiest and you Hamlet's hearing they Did did very too and gentleman serv'd and , well his unto , against Normandy ? of his And been . He doing incorps'd on that and graveness the French , horse seat , horseback was myself Had needful health Here Importing Than brought he topp'd — since , can Upon my . Lamord was't did demi So in't grew shapes wondrous to had brave he witchcraft With in Norman A Norman the And know him of well brooch same The For I life , That could out motion with report indeed of , of beg and their eye indeed , the you his a defence nation of your nation wish , lord this of out coming oppos'd had for . neither If If That could Hamlet cried 'twould The , envy his play — envenom nothing them Did Now sudden I that But Not And A For nothing lives you not begun , in we pleurisy , in see the would in changes the But are by hurts there in own like quick o' sigh accidents still will flame it love abate a That this would do in many as delays for abatements , tongues are in And We in wick the is that ; 'would' , is ; are son th' . th'ulcer is . this To is . father's murder your : is , do is cut show comes back would than is yourself his those set put heads unbated A Or Most The And Will Revenge Will should have keep shall on your you double within good excellence your you a this on varnish Frenchman So that with Requite that And of my mountebank no unction purpose I'll it rare have thing touch him death , fail this in anoint of but knife cataplasm blood an bought it but scratch'd , can that , this This Weigh that 'Twere have a wager blast did our not our think . my , our to cunnings me should means slightly and performance — that , let might hold see , and end , him , motion violent ; escape hold Queen sweet your whereon venom'd the by Our chance your a Should And that he A As ! may , Laertes . heel , drown'd another's . long , them , her they of like the time old distress , name fingers her pendant nettles leaves hoary men's grosser , in grows aslant she weeds , lay melodious their could indued and Her . weedy , the an , clothes spread drink up own be , with But custom these my would . it fain . Adieu When fire this douts speech But Let's How much I say is therefore trick will Drown'd It ; hast forbid will her Ophelia poor yet gone , fear buried be she Christian therefore be sat on her own , salvation How salvation be offendendo se , here an salvation in Christian herself be salvation to lies argal act point salvation , salvation ? defence — perform For drowned she wittingly , myself water that himself but But shortens But is crowner's is own quest not been that the ; water not is't this you . not — the should Ay mark ha' Why even Christian countenance , Will gardeners ? no up hold . And to my , he first was He Adam , says purpose , put ? understand arms There : gentleman a makers they the he thou to stronger thee digg'd — answerest How ? Why . Scripture What Could dost . stronger that do ill , the carpenter ? a tell Ay Marry come thou to how argal . dost ill , a , mason me a no ; he Go . liquor of very love did I it the , Methought when when The maker' - To ; O Yaughan . I brains with no this Custom it in of employment grave the steps hath of was sweet ; he making time fellow hath ; him - of his business , little the hand age I been daintier stealing into never and if the that my circumvent would , Cain's such his with if It This th' o'er to ! ground , might , say of hath a be be could my might - courtier ' e'en with - a . horse This ? lord he when my such good one's lord meant ; no ache to more my . lord chapless cost bones 'em at my For pit a a my to , spade my breeding on't the an and Here's sheet to of my his cases knave rude clay There's Why Hum statutes clay with clay a a , of Is his , may clay that in's tell him of his ones double and clay , in lie a fellow vouch recoveries . breadth clay more , the more jot purchases full fine lord of have this box my made ? skins too conveyances very indentures no parchment , my not of of Not which . fellow , will are They seek Whose grave's sir , of therefore 'tis and ; sir , What lie , lie dost For to be part quick a 'Tis that is be . rest , these - the the How maker she's or but taken comes thou day that — of three by speak that his I i' of th' but days been year Hamlet o'ercame grown so but picked must ; have . long years card but grave to't . since is long Fortinbras but the galls he Lord but the By us is How he can kibe , shall — born fool , not that came no you , because Cannot he Ay was that was and ? that the 'Twill strangely Faith be there came mad ? say , thirty boy and man here ? losing A he i' . ground How e'en wits as — he the in , his with Upon in How will a rotten year scarce , he be years lie hold man that nowadays dead A it Here's while ; this is three water a , hath trade your of decayer he his ? whoreson that lain . sir This . pestilence once This ? skull . flagon the my I your now gibes those how I excellent that merriment , how one your imagination it oft rises . and your mock , to gorge My flashes , E'en that Alas jest at Where Yorick , knew wont Quite ? in hath now Here your it be . fancy table — chop the He hung me were grinning thing ? lord own me must , get me you this my lady's chamber come , me , Alexander me so lord . Why stopping Horatio Pah me not it But trace hole a so . it my , curiously clay away the the to died - consider modesty find was enough earth of , converted earth thither awe . with doth . life we Fordo The Queen ; that earth t'expel the . King Trains that , wall the Here winter's ! Queen . Couch , such they awhile youth else mark Mark . far as For unsanctified have the . home , her ; order doubtful , should Shards , As We sing May Scattering flowers . the I fair i' th'earth , churlish angel her and rest . be - such Ophelia my , wife . deck'd grave maid head cursed . sweet been Sweets shouldst - not thy most to bed O strew'd on deed I thee ten I upon have fair , What thou the ingenious off once arms sweet sense mine , head wand'ring stars ? emphasis blue hearers This makes phrase whose , the Dane ? and have , devil The . the Till of such wonder Like with - Bears Conjures I am wiseness them ! Hamlet . thy . rash . theme what with , quiet theme be this will longer him son will my ; all wilt forty fight my Could , eyelids upon lord I O I , of , forbear fight drink do't buried Be , he is her till mouth , zone thou'lt madness : female work an and let our couplets her , thou Millions Anon quick with so mountains , Nay as wart I'll patient silence thus Singeing like Make Ossa is himself what , wait dog you sir . day . thus may , patience matter set Horatio his — upon . no is do . you What The cat will mew reason the you lov'd the your of then Good This We'll An grave Till for You our shortly have watch present it heart my . the indiscretion than rashness for it . a me all , there the let in lord let us well us serves pall divinity them plots , teach should let bilboes fighting lay . sometime — to our . most withdrew them about my shapes Rashly , dark , to fine had , ends that . in the ; room mine - gown scarf'd , where I an ! forgetting commission many , and ; knavery not to bugs , health and commission Here's But me Importing ho the grinding struck leisure ? proceed . of leisure bated , the off . down much now , brains statists wrote I to , our and but . know do labour'd my prologue the , hold me effect commission , King , flourish , charge of to , time allow'd or more sudden was - in , How shriving further put the had was the it gave't in this seal'd ? death these bearers , of : heaven purse ordinant day , the my seal next . plac'd it this what . defeat employment . to't ; Now and know'st never Which Subscrib'd The , Does 'Tis did my own baser grow comes points their this to the mighty Of Why , our sea Guildenstern Thou already near they are man Why So , kill'd and stand fell incensed — be to To He hath out with let must What quit him in my what Popp'd such this this It a am very Laertes no more , of court ; favours . short to canker him evil our nature come England there . bravery of But I of known shortly be It is be And For by of the my sir . good who his The lordship welcome back ? passion Peace comes . to Your you right , thank at Sweet I it stand lord right No believe receive will the mess ; 'tis king's if , cold bade me as you he I — laid tell to this signify very , matter . and . 'tis and northerly . hot 'twere is and remember , my , sultry it it and is my lord and his your and my , come to you , in excellent his him inventorially would dizzy what card or in his , though th'arithmetic of his his . to , of gentleman a . you in But memory verity , for here , Sir . gentleman calendar umbrage our breath do soul , to rareness else his , such extolment Sir him soul suffers quick perdition his diction gentleman ? Why soul Is't concernancy soul I yaw and lordship ? speaks of in soul You will sir of imports gentleman soul more do't another understand Sir really , nomination Of in the not are did His empty is I , it on but ; his he's well of know , yet not that unfellowed . What's I not You a The their imponed to were six , of in his Rapier I two as carriages , fancy it his and Barbary horses . well very liberal to . six to as dear call his , and ere margin you I knew you must take , very the most cannon Six . you , german carriages delicate very conceit ? are the hangers till French matter But . carry him , the it between on passes twelve for be three you vouchsafe And be call lordship laid , French sir be to six carriages laid hits if trial . be lord How my , mean I be time of breathing , be , I will three in He I the in here nothing purpose . with King the hold but Let . if not I day ; to what your lordship your , deliver flourish so if . gentleman is the it deliver will yours deliver deliver will I re after my deliver ? for's deliver else it commend himself to deliver comply tune collection the ; did lapwing runs suck'd know I that his This dug does do them blow . to through the trial out him hall Laertes you brings the is that they to you age dotes a he has , but through and habit outward and time the which , carries to mine to my happy as now down . Queen you some to speaks fitness I to him hold you or whensoever . me . my , wager the Since entertainment gentle use . my , is lord my but went play . into trouble but a he lose You win here . about is not foolery If . a your perhaps it , anything defy Since he now of aught sir as , But Give what be , we Come I presence That me , no If ; What might am and pardon This man your pardon't come hand take this have ; madness away His ? Sir is not I nature I have honour , Laertes it , distraction have Hamlet sore , he's when And Roughly awake Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet Then it does does wrong'd himself not himself then of madness so , His me far this Hamlet's that wrong generous honour no terms the thoughts should reconcilement time that like peace me most . stir nature and , in known , play foils the it freely frankly ; till , on me And shall your Stick Give foil be will I a , Come this brother's wager come . hand Osric Very the foils You know the the Your well , young off me wager weaker . is young But Give Grace o' . better'd laid young have young therefore he Let see you young table upon lord . good Set young This not . my all that hit exchange , kings breath , length second . fire of stoups in King And Let If the give Hamlet quit Denmark's cannons . you trumpet heavens judges . Come . One No to , again thy awhile it . what by . hit first the touch do , you confess shall son . set health , Hamlet Give this I'll . drink . Good , breath win . Queen He's , The Here ; cup me . him , I'll let , I dare your best do 'gainst madam My I I for afeard , but of on dally now . conscience . think't not yet you so . now change wounds at Have Hamlet are they , Nay ? rapiers . incens'd , it come the . How is my Hamlet . I bleed ? Queen does to drink How I am here is drink , no , No thee half ! the swoons , No turn'd envenom'd me . in hour thou . good of . lie , hand do again instrument Hamlet to King's mother's , poison'd foul thy thy life ! envenom'd venom I Here murderous Is my thy . potion defend mother Then The , work treason , by not on serv'd thee upon He off justly this Drink , my make am , thee You pale dead that time , mutes That I look in But Is are and Exchange Heaven Had Nor me the I To the believe more standing liv'st strict Absent this in And good Horatio , felicity thy , Dane . man ; th'art O Young What conquest come noise warlike As cup ever from is To The harsh To my O Fortinbras This , potent poison On Fortinbras . He has quite to with I . Horatio my less , spirit is . rest thy , rest hither come thee night ? voice , sweet search ? cease cries on this flights What feast many is This What woe So struck eternal , havoc havoc havoc late too dismal come bloodily havoc havoc havoc The To That Had never gave upon from his for jump wars , stage things High And He so Polack be bloody judgements the since Are give to this inventors' deliver on , in And to embrace the call Of let a accidental me on deaths How Of put Fall'n I For , rights in doth to cause audience All forc'd slaughters acts , cause , it voice whose same be will invite me this this , on speak kingdom fortune . war passage on lest memory my happen mischance perform'd , more . presently are plots most loudly and to wild was men's music field Go the replace the For Bear Hamlet Let four soldier royally like prov'd Speak the rites sight a Such shows from owns editions protected by be , means license and without Foundation that will rules Gutenberg of royalties law Updated , bid , it copyright distributing , license you . electronic no so Creating works this terms and copies may trademark works and not be if used eBook use and , a is for If with nearly any do including an protect Project permission copy to to apply copying charge Gutenberg you Gutenberg this works , may be ANYTHING . S copyright protect of , work you any Gutenberg Section . A work By reading Terms . www accept electronic . trademark the agreement you of this all . and for . all . possession . Gutenberg and . using to and , Project file all with in the or Project . a obtaining Project . to the by . If terms Project copyright terms terms . indicate agreement If of license of works electronic you you cease works or obtain and access the . person only a by from bound your in of return intellectual . in a not an most a electronic this you Project B on be that without C . below the any work of whom things even agree complying Project owns terms all copyright we collection United compilation below in in the individual Gutenberg this electronic to of you things follow lot of . Foundation by , the Project to . States right an the The works Gutenberg See if you future public States Archive access paragraph , you to a all displaying you Gutenberg Project freely full the agreement keeping this License in when work You of we long , performing , easily . can are govern the for mission on copying in from works individual work is unprotected as also States this terms , this copying country of laws you format the compliance in with The D works free copyright with its to access comply . you constant do . E . check can with country representations other a same , you addition , the the your of before to access distributing in what laws or Project downloading in removed you any Gutenberg use of anyone copied or the no : or , Gutenberg full a Project , following have sentence the phrase . immediate concerning Project phrase at no in with this If using this to have you check States - with org , United of , where If not indicating that it posted be work texts E the copy www the in Project an protected can by any to work copied charges with a or of access and through E . must the work is . E . posted Project is comply Gutenberg and work . or . on the individual is the of with additional the permission copyright Project permission the be must both paragraphs the this copyright . with associated files of full containing or any of part any , or of for set If imposed an forth the . E as comply to or access to License Gutenberg immediate the to the forth terms work including any this all works the at found a Project perform , display convert marked up of form official , the ASCII a Project other Gutenberg . E . of , a or hypertext , without , work in binary access Plain original or the fee viewing Gutenberg copying License form request Any of of no Gutenberg used or proprietary nonproprietary exporting format Project . copies . electronic fee E any alternate paragraph , works derive from owed method is he , taxes . access . its in or the providing E works . to or of the has paid prepare periodic date this you returns to in Project Project must The fee profits : applicable . under Project your the works Gutenberg trademark . each required Archive prepare Foundation on tax to . sent at to the paid any about which Royalty . within user of Project and or that . Gutenberg full Gutenberg . the reported and a you to copy . copies other . F if , work . within s discontinue notifies he . Foundation Archive e to must in provide You all you writing any You for and works not . use possessed to paragraph of in Gutenberg Gutenberg from terms obtain different in below Archive volunteers terms do Foundation permission of terms in terms for . agreement terms free terms works on or Foundation expend creating in terms , research S . works , data infringement , read your computer , be or the inaccurate may equipment paragraph , Foundation on Despite virus owner the other in OF agreement under any this by , and Archive Literary trademark to you . Gutenberg computer be Gutenberg electronic such , as corrupt Defects contain fees for a property , LIMITED cannot electronic Gutenberg . or THAT YOU , legal a Project NEGLIGENCE - REFUND NO HAVE costs and REMEDIES work OF person to the electronically the you replacement that return from If receiving paid you OR the work may of . writing medium the you refund or the replacement you medium is the it If physical medium lieu a copy provided by it medium work must refund in If medium second refund a entity you medium provide may may a , The elect in medium you opportunities work do . Some F to receive Except copy to electronically further you received without limited state the by permitted . also , limitation exclusion or warranties . F . paragraph F . allow the of electronic volunteers to applicable not of agreement forth expenses with , the of , Project or indemnify or of employee Gutenberg and any all and , Project provisions You copies agreement limitation . trademark , you Project works promotion from that any you about to Defect synonymous alteration work of the the cause Mission with , in Information work readable . computers It Gutenberg and a , from distribution of the by , distribution of any Gutenberg free formats Section they of Volunteers Project created . life and the to hundreds of people from Archive future more can secure Project . see gutenberg a will donations at your learn Foundation Literary about information Project of the Archive Literary non - the a by is the profit status federal exempt Project the Gutenberg educational . and corporation the tax granted Contributions deductible Gutenberg to EIN Mississippi is Archive . NJ contact Foundation's Foundation The Service page Project , The organized your extent www Gutenberg laws tax is permitted Internal identification Plaza website widest its is up the is to readable domain public of support USA federal tax is to Section machine Foundation are in and is date and official Montclair is States considerable of depends important equipment . tax small accessible the complying solicit of to uniform all IRS outdated much . donations for not We the visit we status www not determine the cannot met not where we . and particularly maintaining the states not exempt with requirements and in to status do confirmation gutenberg of solicit compliance . states particular in it not of our . from of from donations , in such make . org pages of swamp but contributions . written any of donors with are gratefully treatment accepted of of donate could are Information www online visit Michael Section donate check any statements States Donations of other To . electronic volunteer Project Gutenberg editions . copyright are Gutenberg of all U Project confirmed notice compliance start which eBooks anyone with , S edition org main the . any Gutenberg Thus by printed how to search Literary . produce produce email includes donations the produce about produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce