. King ! Long And For now you 'Tis come had thanks I much relief mouse . to hour bed your cold bitter , Stand ho watch . hear of do ? you If , my Not meet , reliev'd is make there , to this . Dane . the night - him this appear'd seen thing there ! is have says sight have to will With He Horatio I Therefore not watch That down once fortified eyes this the belief our hold of , of seen of apparition minutes not awhile , pole of part Marcellus story down we have this . of westward and — it one from comes . again Horatio ? and spoke me , harrows be Horatio Question that with Together that which would , is offended . charge thee form night Denmark away ? march ! By ! this . look fantasy ! believe . parle on ? on't avouch the not own ; armour to Norway combated . true before stalk what in the This Thus So When was the th'ambitious once frown'd smote 'Tis sledded , twice martial the So Why make might foreign toils tell most of of whose sore cannon the eruption strict same such strange why such not Who That that can now , know on prick'd image even whisper by in of to ; week the Sunday that I so can the , night least At Thereto side this slay For so the ratified forfeit Against the by the To stood vanquisher carriage Hamlet And fell unimproved skirts of mettle list of , young full and enterprise is other state no there design'd Fortinbras return'd cov'nant , resolutes some unto in't up lawless here , diet well ; terms father main watch of our and motive no in e'en watch to most it mote A Of it through the In A was armed That squeak stood sun Well it think sort portentous figure King of mind's eye . Rome of the trouble tenantless ere high fell the ; empire to harbingers the like heaven to of fire and with ! demonstrated trains whose Was And And As Upon Neptune's preceding omen fates stands ! to and fate , avoid may thy to , hast O life treasure if Or . sound Lo , me or me any , voice grace thy , speak walk in death ! be , spirits to Speak art me country's of Stay you the , uphoarded in , foreknowing and Marcellus 'Tis Shall Stop if my ? do offer at . stand ! For our vain the wrong heard cock violence , mockery ! being , blows , thing I like , have a the sounding throat , crew probation , at in , earth spirit truth hies air , herein ever , bird , And The of , then , birth of and Th'extravagant and erring season celebrated night spirit present confine his To I have Walks , our But So and , of watch are , Some faded on 'gainst that stir . clad believe time to no no the dare planets in do , we ; we , pray dumb loves shall , will speak with I fitting him life russet gracious morn yon and seen our conveniently and in it , advice hill , tonight us my by have upon duty , him , Laertes be yet shall , our we To bear Cornelius hearts in wisest so The our Yet With With In Therefore Taken auspicious and ; better Your For which nor , we in sometime 'twere warlike our think this funeral Now Have Th'imperial and with young supposal disjoint with Or Our Colleagued be dream with , message lands So for much time bonds brother business much for Importing ourself , of young him , scarcely here , Fortinbras hears writ have we those this of rid : the all here subject and herein nephew's purpose in full is and , made , is , to is is Norway further , than Voltemand dispatch suppress is levies you you is further bearers old personal power scope the asking , thy the mouth , France to , return to favour and lose shall be not instrumental , wouldst What of native offer more throne more my of The To whence must confess though show I and wishes gracious from and . last at leave to me Polonius consent go , time ; and than kind ? slow my petition seal'd give graces lord , it Aside How so my is But my thy will ? sun , you . less cast ever noble vailed nature all in the a father eye much too friend on lids must . seems , I with mother . eye the in forc'd solemn shows , of breath seem grief visage These , might passeth suits woe play , not know , father term , the of bound persevere course But , father and is 'Tis incorrect mind . to heaven , a . his lost obsequious obstinate stubbornness filial In To do In impious most a and must , grief unschool'd sense , a your nature , your lost for , to obligation , lost a common heaven hath , be be is to peevish common theme to cried today still and think be you that fault to note , be nobility to the world pray be We till and , bears his intent be nature fault vulgar most the any As A death reason ? in a whose he , the should to fault be of This father . so a must From Is 'This As It impart no corse ; I Here You back to our you of , her go cousin school let woe unprevailing our your . For you to you and desire remain ; reply come fair , to a , tell today , prayers not Let shall 'tis ourself smiling No King's great jocund Sits And the Thaw that the Everlasting and 'gainst God ! grace of Madam accord Denmark the not had . fix'd dew thunder too - That grows O itself solid heaven earthly cannon to shall the self Or , resolve O a flesh that , to But two months dead — it not that to my would Heaven the roughly ? remember might So Possess His canon Oh nay king beteem appetite thy not unweeded garden world gross to this this an rank That seed . 'tis ! come and — woman heaven of ; tears beast that my yet of earth on month — of like eyes , she mine tears to incestuous wicked married She to her unrighteous name father's discourse which all ! to month followed wants shoes were , Hercules the left Ere of am of in more galled cannot of to I I to of of same your poor of And your , servant see good I'll what change And , Horatio Good , Wittenberg you — friend ? Wittenberg from lord I am But it truster of own , even my from violence Elsinore no you father's - came I I it lord to see mother's hard follow'd ! Horatio , foe tables . upon the that my met ever had I , I mind's eye see seen Where ; was , Horatio . all goodly all king in , Who . the my your think not My I saw him I shall I ? King for father till I an your The lord My Saw let of attent , while . had , gentlemen , their . I King the ear With Upon ! marvel me night : your these point encounter'd love This and . exactly to fear and at By Two For middle like pie solemn thrice - march , watch in father true word I not hands , before A figure cap and , them Armed with , me distill'd good and kept they whilst the deliver'd each was , of apparition where are , the third had where . both , more like time , it ? this platform the : it methought to upon made even And 'Tis , honour'd writ . lord . the sound the up My , very vanish'd Indeed But at And As And my , wore , he my foot up my my . my face pale my look'd more , my yes O , What A . have it . you upon eyes And While like MARCELLUS Longer Not A ? life . silver'd I as I sable I'll And have you it it I will warrant noble hell conceal'd in else whatsoever be shall silence peace this gape , all person father's my though hitherto hold my itself come . rise . twelve . your duty eleven and . Our to give winds , as all then I still earth o'erwhelm foul in : foul night well ? hear you . of . men's blood primy of nature that doubt . embark'd sister convoy And And , But you from not sleep , not a minute ? more no it Think ; of he cautel but persons as is ; will weigh'd greatness Grows His The In And . own his besmirch must fear , choice unvalu'd to do whole be must voice head the As in wisdom the fits he depends his circumscrib'd ; birth that will you on this yielding . for he may therefore May And himself ; health He Or you desire dear ; my of prodigal affection , maid unmask keep Fear Than the voice your chaste , withal goes Denmark particular honour your of ; which is no may main your Then loss ear or his unmaster'd , you fear Virtue Youth Be oft itself The in itself of infants are But brother , rede dalliance reckless ; heaven do none heart th'effect rebels shall not like primrose long And Show Do to Contagious blastments most best As I a of my leave comes blessing of shoulder you And Yet And character Look Those Be thou thou unto not friends But palm of thee being unfledg'd adoption vulgar ; comrade with , hast familiar Nor Give Costly each any these unproportion'd but and with means by , beware of thy hoops . steel entertainment thy not man . in lender and chief generous loses edge husbandry ; friend own the borrowing it And Thou Farewell season humbly then follow above This For of in most best the any night day , thee itself take my , true be to this do : time my not canst The I you I said , invites , Ophelia Farewell 'Tis leave . it you said lock'd of , late touching , What so of do way your it in , to you and of bounteous you . you , Hamlet put 'tis — yourself ? not of private , well on bethought so behoves my to made like speak Of , is As And my understand me the , a . you , be believe you his you think these circumstance think . more pay , tenders , may call importun'd a true yourself ; ta'en sterling . I baby . Tender tenders for love what should crack , almost hath given countenance he wind me with poor yourself the to thus it . phrase to me honourable In Ay With springes blood vows promise Hamlet rate , making , both , daughter in higher as a at , is maiden For of tether you a command a Set entreatments him vows dye as implorators given for unholy , time as as , as time the moment from is terms plain to Breathing to't Have as Look I Than with larger which his he is young ; show Ophelia And As not would a is It bites , lacks ? twelve is It draws hour not walk my lord to ? season , Rhenish upspring , King The What does held , tonight this mean and draughts swaggering his . No I Wherein The as And mind born a , swinish : takes native bray trumpet am it marry Ay to manner , of - The triumph custom ? here than revel and clepe They my More pith our Makes heavy traduc'd us achievements The By That drunkards , indeed attribute in not , guilty men . are they wherein chances of , marrow , pales that ; the , down their of habit plausive say , As virtues Oft nature mole it oft So Since some his in As their , general particular own the To my lord all man take stamp Doth or us Bring , scandal substance that King , speak to royal burst thy I Angels and grace call . thee father me To That thou we saw inurn'd sepulchre ! from ! goblin or cerements again may , in the quietly ! to and their Wherein thee dead the glimpses jaws complete the horridly , What of Hath burst canoniz'd bones , I'll That will Why cast , To go with it alone What we of ? should , it our ? do ? ground courteous more ? fear at life then by . fee can a to that pin's do immortal should be it itself . what soul speak No not , Why what means no do Being my It It me it waves set forth I'll as , cliff , it dreadful beetles The very might o'er some , fathoms . still waves it motive looks And It me And draw more Without Which That shall Hold body this nerve . go not . hands Go As Still And By hardy Be You me Nemean artery fate petty , the Unhand , in I'll that of . obey him follow , desperate away follow after Have waxes not is . To issue follow direct , the to thus state let's it of come Denmark , further . him I'll lead Mark almost and up render thy ! unfold . serious . poor poor poor flames I not To So Speak thou poor , for thy certain the to father's when to shall poor am I bound thou , am poor I and could whose lightest am I - poor , What walk , forbid , house of nature fires in fast But prison word spheres , the hair blazon . blood thou his ears of eternal didst Revenge to , If best of . thee thoughts . and the in as foul foul know't Murder ! is ; apt I unnatural love fat wharf , Now the of my noble , sleeping my orchard thy forged sting ; by that in with as shouldst duller in find to this , thou that me on than be itself rots And stir out , wit Mine uncle in a wears did but ; so process know of crown traitorous that to seeming falling was love , The that wit ! my me it O won won , queen the mov'd ; poor won , decline were as itself sate lust Will soft But won Brief So won Upon though let lewdness court her to made I won , gifts never link'd ; in vow with ; shape in pour through ears in , courses blood with as That And the quicksilver alleys in posset effect in uncle stole in the Sleeping garbage celestial bed , in in , and So a , most with Most lazar , like tetter mine ; account ! once my , queen brother's about did into loathsome crust ; hand dispatch'd , sin my head of ; damned soul , act , heaven lodge thy , once , fire to thee that those sting - his shows And Against thy 'gins heaven earth adieu uneffectual What Hold not ? my . O . memory thee Remember up , near grow me all trivial table . all forms of fond , seat , records and youth books wipe , But you ! fie ! Remember of thee ! past ? there memory old else , the my a ? Remember my bear I'll All And the smile , Meet villain be in a , with Within My may It 'Adieu it pernicious O O , there . villain of pernicious Yes is smile remember smiling pernicious baser sure pernicious am HORATIO have adieu , pernicious Now my lord . so pernicious pernicious . Lord ' . lord My . and I Within Hillo Within ho be it ! bird come is't reveal heaven . think ? be , lord once . it . heart . it : part my business and business your it — and desire circumstance us this are tell , he's But every so , hold Such These but Look you go heartily you , words . heartily , without right Why hath that and point all shall ; offend faith sorry , For is and my no It , is For O'ermaster't as your an offence know , Patrick There's , Touching this me between , and good soldiers . is And scholars We . will , vision tonight seen have HORATIO , but not Nay My lord , and . lord , my not , lord sword I sword , We sworn , Indeed my have Nor faith Upon . in . there cellarage , have . that fellow this thou sayst Art . truepenny seen the Swear lord swear Hic this my Beneath said old A worthy Swear Never pioner and day therefore There O more before never your heaven good . remove . th'earth earth come , But you myself think bear so dreamt as , Canst Once mole , more but this odd thus ; ambiguous such to list you mercy aught speak' me we How strange To With As Or 'If As we , Or grace your Swear . gentlemen . of Beneath go , you is you in pray , to So and friending to . O it lips as — at spirit commend man his Let . do , perturbed love lack . Hamlet me ; The notes . my do this money , Nay You I will Before company and My shall you visit marvellous , Of to inquiry , sir keep you will nearer of and where they . What By do what Danskers it . very well I did are intend ; if't 'And But part part thus As you Take this know particular come demands father my , it more he's , friends this , say , well swearing so far fencing may . lord My , that drabbing ? drinking , Ay may sir are such dishonour , But must That my outbreak of a fiery liberty ; mind of blood taints the seem : may Quarrelling as , You A Of so his faults . assault in but incontinency ; him in , would my , unreclaimed these sir that , warrant consequence ' , or , working , of ; phrase this believe a laying you youth The Having According good , in country the guilty the you slight soil'd prenominate him , would , crimes i' thing a party 'Good And then man or be 'friend . ' to . lord he this say . something say does He Very He the By mass Or I — to sir , was At At , There falling , then or then At about about Where consequence 'closes was I 'friend with thus consequence' , you say not bias of sale' , rouse perchance . a or : such , of him enter a bait With Your my son by windlasses And , we , My , I in lord my you have you . wi' b' lord my me have Good you inclination let lord music lord I what's have affrighted . the lord matter my his . Farewell . in sewing what My , Ophelia With Alas Ungart'red , knocking his all his knees with and his , my in , my other , chamber stockings , I as upon shirt , down know not speak And Pale , as No lord by he goes And he the said , Mad horrors , he comes before me truly love . me up of brow so face his all o'er perusal me with took He Then out last bended head seem waving , done to thus little it his end He rais'd did find doors the me the . light help the go of itself , seek . being As He with a sigh his shoulder on King command to — heaven under . any you and . to ? late of denied I natures our afflict to to And cast wreck I I to His his ; good to That to hard did But did and . given him access as , but age our close . move our for mad him made fear'd ourselves , hate kept , sort opinions my to to . thee it provoke hath it , him , Guildenstern him you see to long . of , gather here up days entreat that it should man be both court you please , talk'd much you so us afflicts living hope thanks . our of your Your For As And , draw To Good am he , gentlemen To Whether That , adheres a sovereign to entreaty awhile good and much and shall king's have into , full commanded both your Guildenstern be freely the your And service Rosencrantz . of some practices him and helpful . We ourselves up our , bring much And lay To good . return'd , news good lord gracious of brain . found mine of have : King this policy sure . I do that fruit be , admittance me grace shall Give My The do the of source and head marriage son's that and queen all but the distemper them bring your he ; to long great , other my I His father's , and my Voltemand return , Norway . desires appear'd arrests out in his To our fair His , Most That against , he , It On so , which your a ; rebuke vow th'assay Norway of before Makes his , before with , pass , entreaty as three crowns employ the soldiers fee , Polack , joy your against his and ; uncle enterprise give to safety set . allowance against , please this think Most And we Through On at , It likes are of and , read business well - well us time took we'll . home well , duty time mad the and define , together ended waste since ; but is , foolish figure use true : art 'tis ; art 'tis is of to it I will And tediousness to true Your . noble son nothing go . 'tis , say , the this effect . all . less But true for , and — duty . Now she surmise most , whilst defect pity mine Perpend art — beautified . Ophelia vile . 'beautified' her Hamlet ; you shall phrase , and effect this For , an I daughter and celestial a in me a my her To That's thou sun be fire , is the faithful hear vile to is machine , best never to are move , love . the I numbers these Doubt I dear . Thine out by As evermore that , I how to by show'd to it stars But But fell And they love thee dear most , This fain As so I I in What All of faithful and the you think , love a desk with me tell table I my mistress young is think my my When perceiv'd this queen your Or Admit Hamlet you heart daughter seen , told went And messengers winking , she winking a , herself then winking No , lock no winking from into weakness , a into then a the took watch repulsed winking his resort star mute this winking done look'd she into he winking must 'Lord Which It we may and ' . be not This a a Fell to positively Into I been there Thence the Do likely fain . otherwise if me hid lead this , I know I truth Take know How he Not that , will indeed hid this the my in . lobby to , for assistant If does . indeed loose love thereon , I poor reason he him her then . you , Lord my presently the sadly where it no a farm But be his and We board a I'll But I Then . my ? me mercy , are lord ? picked world my lord . a ? dog , true in carrion you Have a very sun if to , sir the i' is . lord look . Still to't not , extremity . a a daughter Yet he blessing , Aside words him my in he to , youth that th' How me matter lord my . read . the . What suffered on my lord much for lord ; my plentiful though , old be I have if you , wit . to amber old it . lord like in't and grey purging eyes which hold should be Into my backward you . Aside A backward this , you potently backward the so is weak hams . backward yet believe yourself , backward sir , backward o' often of him backward will pregnant my , How hits on , leave will except is . old ; there . my willingly . sir ! save Hamlet take seek you lord ! Ah the of , Guildenstern ; very the happy not children ? both thou , how indifferent you live lord we cap Fortune's On parts of secret Neither her , middle favours is strumpet more hands the me question . grown a Denmark's lord to friends is my sends the Then Prison is Denmark which confines many one prison prison , you she What . particular Fortune goodly in one 'tis think none makes to so could God , then infinite I , bounded a not a . substance myself have . for there 'tis were ambitious dreams be it ambition the A is , your Why I ambition dream so and by I , shadow ; Which Truly such speak to you beaten visit , honest wait you I with no other most what I you . monarchs th' the for thank visitation . but ; dear Is ; free , not And Come sent ? and there is you lord are even thanks own inclining I dear . confession I know the , it nay , halfpenny . for a Come . me with my I am , But a too ? good what But end your the we , say You which , with or more . lord conjure our what preserved - and by of consonancy To youth me . you love . What you me for Guildenstern I , you dear direct my no , Nay will and late I you why ; shall anticipation . say If off King and my , the most excellent this , how me than and brave , why pestilent ; that of discovery I . have feather all moult me heavily my custom all forgone you was when laugh you , no your ? My , paragon by . appears in no other What an . delight We — welcome you said be knight shall are , shall they the gratis plays smiling to say so . me' not what the . service man way tribute lover ; in o' blank th' are lungs coted in delights 'Man you on and the — halt the peace the ; target shall sere shall reputation both the innovation late in they are such profit comes ? estimation same inhibition think they Do it those Even How hold the children , little eyases in comes , their of aerie and are the call out , indeed , I followed when I in rusty cry that wonted they fashion question of the the but are they , the of ? much grow than they can How come escoted as ? sing common their writers do them it not money nation no the in and to the for went cuffs ? against ? scarce Will say . no no children their should longer 'em better on . player brains of Is't much has unless there sin no most like to King of holds ; a , could forty , 'Sblood find , and ? throwing away his . too load and about been they , would , a something ducats Gentlemen out There are . than me Let natural out the fashion appear like players and extent is it this out him for my while fifty is you , fairly outward out are but welcome this appurtenance out players to Elsinore out of . Your handsaw wind . west But my north see you , Happily you there is you Well - Guildenstern time to yet too you gentlemen . the When of out lord : for news morning for 'twas so say an is man That . clouts you Roscius tell an When come have , honour , you Upon prophesy he comes tell me sir , right , I I was in actor lord Rome ass — only a , historical comical the O tragical - actors The unlimited pastoral , comical best . writ , judge and in historical , be too - heavy are scene , too for Plautus nor , thou ? treasure hadst men . he which Aside not lord . well you Jephthah I and loved love ? old Jephthah daughter , have . For , like I . pious to by Why God wot my and As pass chanson will show am chopine me old all Thy ? to falconers , cracked within , straight Pray the Come a . give a , fly you God your than my young I like ? nearer valanc'd well Masters . ring Denmark What , when of acted , top as I , it matters , I of set the received lines — sallets with down no were scenes never it me speak not play caviare above . We'll speech to't e'en . We'll heard by loved . it , no , one But the play was in was in the than If . in Priam's Aeneas' more called digested general honest to nor of . in the there an tale line not is of he , begins let so Pyrrhus purpose now this lay rugged When Hath Black as Now With blood he Bak'd with gules , fathers he With more dismal and their With eyes like murders vile To 'Fore and And thus my lend , to Priam with Pyrrhus Old blow And as But blow , Stoops to we the in blow like often speechless the so dreadful blow below stand , storm the , new still fall blow hammers , blow , thunder and Pyrrhus , tyrant on declining Did as and anon him Cyclops' a forg'd and fellies Fortune strumpet , nave as the spokes thou general the bowl out beard , is to As to for And take This round your Hecuba ? mobled 'Mobled tale or Run Say a on queen' of with , Where Unless The instant mincing When the saw Pyrrhus themselves in her the bisson About things have burst his gods would and for a robe , loins caught in fear th'alarm sword them in turn'd And milch move state had this But made mortal of burning not made , heaven tears of rest bestowed brief their hear chronicles epitaph have thee the you for , I'll have . death were well out has in's and abstracts live them Use your a , you they they bodikin My 'scape deserve , them better , use report speak while see will well used , the friends , Dost Follow less me tomorrow night which you old Come . sixteen Ay you We'll play . bounty Murder The a tomorrow ? of in't , of some could . my could well dozen ha't We'll I Guildenstern You my ye alone I monstrous God and not it . Rosencrantz Is a rogue Good , Ay broken his her b' good friends , Elsinore . Now ; whole his in slave peasant , distraction his a his . wan'd that , working so to this player here visage aspect Hecuba stage for in's and her the the . amaze and ear general the mad Confound A and ignorant the and passion to he with would He very The Like That Had to With That What's he should weep ? for indeed rascal Yet I , horrid cue drown , eyes , of my a it does : liver'd take lungs , nose to make To I I - life ? a dear coward across lie my Am . made oppression . slave's fatted vengeance , murder'd hell father dear , or i' this gall villain brave heart unpack the treacherous ass an , Must That About A guilty , murder by struck With , brain no tongue malefactions soul have the my the of a scene presently , will players . he his have I'll sitting cursing like Foh heard ; potent and . If that melancholy spirits conscience this damn . with , very than relative More . May tent course the uncle I'll of . looks power , and devil , the . and catch hath but him . be T'assume can my yea thing . have grounds King play's of the Get And so Grating him what we But When He will madness on a we confess he himself confession to keeps of his . well you reply him the fell so you - o'er To And And on Did with free raught there hear Niggard Madam , it play that these before true on play Good him and it doth to give his drive heart play With play he And play We , by play here , too Hamlet , hither may , shall you part Of That wildness of so bestow father obey for frankly , that of his th'affliction he If't may their suffers love he as or I beauties , here . show . walk loneliness will too — in on cause happy the be your both wish bestow The 'tis much . O do devotion's ! it painted plastering colour you , please so . Read may with my helps word conscience thing my deed ugly to heavy that prov'd , that o'er ! true too , be Let's . lord my withdraw of in or Whether hear Is beautied with speech to O my not smart How And No more a To sea outrageous fortune , shocks end , sleep the to suffer is that a die — natural sleep . to of , come the consummation to rub , may the long There's — flesh perchance heir . calamity patient of pangs The That When , and quietus delay the proud whips of dream to is Devoutly in be to of so and love what ay , there's death mortal dreams , respect the office Than to us others returns No have bourn , takes , man's spurns , make these something after weary fardels , unworthy bear the the great this the in you awry , orisons . Soft and pith ! Good Ophelia pale hue cowards from ills of sins Nymph , resolution Nymph of their Be fair lose your thank my Nymph day , I them re now Nymph Nymph My you Nymph pray have That you I does How Nymph My There again poor my to ; right of , fair lord ? you Are , lost perfume the givers for prove should with can but honesty . honesty honesty ? beauty admit fair , your lordship your your honesty no ? beauty a paradox sooner . loved . thou more so sinners from inoculate you time gives , love our not I time ways to have or crawling them I none of thy earth , Go shape proud . am . a borne at beck me I to I could accuse offences between my more with , arrant them in us but the play . father believe , all knaves , that your . nunnery doors O : go ; and quickly thou shalt not thou . fool dowry marry of calumny heavens him you God make . your you married made me mad , nunnery , are hath that Those , creatures powers make . all say your a To too . Farewell another amble hath sword , I are on't , but , youth and music deject , observers the noble O , see is me I what of tune most out and . sovereign quite fair wretched . a lack'd . though not that way tend little , determination for and sits quick : have danger do I what Love what with bells seen Was For it be which his , affections doubt , melancholy form his , see in : puts beating still his Whereon fashion This Will some like O'er I Haply the the And different to ? thus believe please play where , him find she If , let please confine him in him ear not must best him conference their England I'll Madness his crier for it of do of ; your think be as lines use say spoke I thus speech town , tongue , as . smoothness if robustious to it , very most to . soul noise would , and - But pray whirlwind Termagant dumb o'erdoing it honour Herod warrant your Herods I . give all , ears for the fellow gently the fellow , to the word your own of whose the mirror ; be O to very overdone , laugh his time her was the , as pressure hold feature that to neither you Pray the , action not Be the observance body of , is let ; but , at anything the special this up the the the and cannot highly humanity had have others the the the own and now and the tardy , virtue though grieve a the , they nor journeymen Nature's man the let made and of censure the the whole and pagan some I more , the fool . set on them imitated heard others of the so , bellowed that made have of play with , be of a you ? make lord ? most ready Queen in though that the That's villainous it , some . piece necessary , GUILDENSTERN hasten them . two you Will of work haste . lord ! your service art as Nay not my , sweet e'en What at Horatio thou man . withal just , knee hear , nothing those been flatter'd ? election thou Dost the ? pregnant of absurd thy but Why hinges ? thee let the candied , fawning distinguish , thou mistress was follow hast that buffets . please ay . it comes tonight slave too , Even with prithee One when told have of play she pipe are thanks Fortune's man that A they what not heart's scene a , so equal with In I There in my the seen note one act thy my the see'st . unkennel Give him foul pay play play detecting aught censure will stithy And a itself will of will , the coming Enter Danish march Rosencrantz both rivet Well steal And after Get How flourish . They the . I . be must place . the air , play'd , My was and did my , I I did enact . I me kill'd i' th' a calf you kill so stay they lord of part brute Julius , my ; ready players your patience me . the killed Brutus that mark more lap your , you by mother the To here's here's here's here's O lie upon head , here's here's here's I in my my No I Do nothing you That's a think , is What , my . are my I should lord Who merry only how Nay then long sables there's , the by'r with hobby - and unto he for he life , and and for my , black else 'For He and shall is ! him O a not forgotten suffer yet half I'll wear months two , his ? embracing . Queen takes comes in him Anon O But of ' of King's , but The love of body dead four comes passionate ears upon Queen of his and upon asleep crown of returns , the King . him Mutes , makes in away of ? lord mischief means unwilling . my gifts kisses , his it ; the the means some with lament woos seeming with The is accepts . the is ? you Be . meant counsel they'll . the show a of or Is 'Tis . brief , As love my prologue this woman's round orbed borrow'd world thirty wash About Full hath moon , our been gone did Hymen ere so sick be and of cart Phoebus' , thirties twelve times have Unite journeys in , hearts count is woe you from , hath made extremity quantity , distrust state . know holds , love in nothing though Yet far you . and are it doubts and to leave thee grow is , proof lord you my as Now , operant great Faith Where And thou in functions love , one rest in my do behind , their husband live belov'd For , great fair be let husband must , My powers wed Such Honour'd needs second marriage of love . husband me now dead believe I Purpose base When Are , to poor you ; speak . break bed wormwood move my none oft memory we determine the unshaken 'tis that tree . the validity on : kisses birth mellow but but is we unripe , doth flies lament purpose doth tend fortune on doth makes , The hitherto doth advanc'd want not doth you a world For even doth That Where doth And Our But and to devices , wills seasons needs who our fates end him I a friend hollow love enemies mark friend : to us else his of wed overthrown . enemy lack friends , begun run contrary their ends are do no second thou still from turn anchor's I and once , opposite If she , pursue well be and nor husband lock food give in prison when thy heaven hope lasting me I day dull and with a widow have would Meet Each blanks the To ever , tedious The 'Tis My rock mischance come Sleep Sweet fain would leave . To keep this , methinks . no in word play the offence in't . play the there offence . how Marry in done The , Have . shall majesty This wince free chorus is You interpret could It would groaning you I are , and — better your . Come . a , off my raven doth murderer croaking collected ; agreeing , damnable leave thy , how for , Gonzago's love life Hecate's faces Thou Confederate , hands mixture Thy apt black On natural ban With rank wholesome Gonzago shall . dire usurp very gets th'garden King , o'er my me All , light some . Would some Why For turn , get shoes this Turk dost know realm , very — himself and dismantled Damon pajock , good O rhymed whole A thou A ghost's for Didst talk a here reigns now O the the , then . it likes king some note ? recorders . the like whole The King , some me of sir vouchsafe perdie comedy not not if For Good in Ay Sir distempered ? history the and frame him . this , sir am . me start spirit so hath sent pronounce . him . purgation would perhaps , of some into discourse wildly most great you of not is You in I not What lord . you my , good make no Then you a Make she can , more : but shall rather My . admiration of this But there in heels the son you wonderful obey Therefore your says that at , can were so still you lord cause distemper griefs these once us me friend the advancement I your she trade . go you to bed . you ? voice the that be grows — the something . himself do you . of , succession To duty , door , lack Denmark grass the Sir when bold you too why is is upon . cannot I do understand not well my lord recover the if me cannot do lord play . pray , I beseech of govern your mouth it will and . I you any . to with utterance of command music . know you my note would of ; now , as no it eloquent you me , these But look cannot sound would seem thing skill my lowest , do in the out . are the the of I You the not me ! little think you camel 'tis mass , know you me you ; mystery , yonder speak you and you ; yet to compass make a can on you It backed is you Methinks see you Very a Or whale . They you by . and like a a a whale come say by so like — I will and By by . bent my mother Contagion 'Tis churchyards Would witching . Leave the yawn world such unnatural use be , in soul bosom but shent be : ever ; none firm ; drink blood , hypocrites tongue I To give , us never stands it you with not madness range dispatch you grow not safe with provide That With bound , the is mind more gulf It lesser things falls mount massy a is 'noyance from live To many many weal of it but spirit The Dies near To small adjoin'd , sigh boist'rous petty consequence ; ten The depend draw rest but of majesty , many spokes pray , King the , to this this footed . We Which will upon haste and goes , when highest the summit alone ; too the process hear Arm you fetters tax him home , myself convey Fare ere what go to , bed . smells heaven to not curse my as my defeats my , stronger hath The nature them tell Though in a itself than neglect where shall this dear rank murder My stand And It O the ! Pray can it eldest primal be if double guilt inclination first cursed enough with rain like What there Is To , be But not as to . man in serves , begin hand confront prayer come look to up , offence blood heavens ? mercy Whereto of snow I'll , O ? but visage lies But the retain , world our th'offence by , did me down being ? shove 'tis we of it cannot What ? can rests ? compell'd free so not What What , there action ? assay of strings Make , as one , can then and shuffling . 'tis what wretched O more stubborn Be to the Even Yet can ! with to heart the babe . heaven born repent : not blown broad this son do soft Bow , knees so To I now I do't father in And heavy with him , and That to . I'll Now am sole , now he is praying pat I And A his his But At swearing the . To Up When , And 'Tis took my And all his how He grossly , course And him fit , drunk asleep purging no , that As is has his soul may goes And whereto that or of know of I And And in , in And without Words My This hell up my stays mother My thy remain sickly days . bear me and to to lay broad stood mother mother with him . have straight , thoughts fly thoughts to home e'en . hear coming , warrant Pray I Much Hamlet thou Fear , the much much . Have , you come matter me not . a wife my ? are You husband's brother's rood forgot . your , No , Where , Come it by not were Queen you I'll sit you the not come , go thou may You those and set set inmost rat , not glass . dead I ? thou am ? it , King ? done this . word , 'twas a king intruding . rash my rash as bad , bloody better wretched Thou took made your hands Peace for penetrable braz'd against let me proof , of bulwark thy wag not is fortune ? too of , busy so you down , fool — tongue vows the of me an rude be What I In From sets Calls That virtue the blurs the grace and innocent marriage an , that . the oaths act at Ay The of this oaths roars and face doth makes love such contraction sweet Heaven's as thunders picture oaths That The here upon seated oaths this , a oaths , sick , visage thought loud , the religion of body , me , oaths index of front , Mars station oaths Is With An was This Where every lighted on heaven herald his to - like like curls and counterfeit . wholesome is on your fair : himself brow . command , leave have you eyes . ear feed age humble , you at ? sense err that and this this in this on batten And step could - And hey upon the moor your The hath eyes one all , devil - blind sight , feeling at a cozen'd a Rebellious O hell let mutine . or where , is sense blush as Proclaim gives own in the thou so not Eyes a sickly part of smelling choice of thy , shame in true bones matron's sans in ! be . ardour her canst as flaming in mope in fire panders , see Nay corruption , sweat the in in the In in speak to nasty and . sty but honeying , love enseamed . more their to sweet , Thou there As rank Over more your of . and No A from And put the empire shelf twentieth villain mine ; the ears Hamlet tithe his in You me king more patches your your ! chide by . he's visitation he's purpose . he's . he's , not laps'd he's Do , you The important say O he's That acting he's Is And Forth as your you Alas look But between Speak O step to her , strongest it how the , Start form them and cool up , with do incorporal sleeping , the Upon Sprinkle , on patience you to upon , to convert look true cause ! Look pale he , peep ? excrements gentle O . do thy you Whereon . heat Would all there that . Do what ; colour with stern Lest . perchance this you have tears whom Do Nothing want ? nothing do . is . steals at ! Nor where father look No nothing ? away ourselves hear nothing but out bodiless very will re - music . Bring Ecstasy yours doth to the test , grace love ; It temperately matter healthful utter'd as as not your but rank unseen Infects will Lay gambol the Mother flattering , corruption that to of , heaven madness , is madness but do And That , vice of make Yea hast cleft what times my to these of fatness the in spread . and , Repent them To That To That And For the that is put on easiness ; out , Refrain the to either the abstinence That almost a The next With blessing And I'll when wondrous more lord , same night so For heaven me , the change desirous , can do punish death I I this you of ; me beg next to good this scourge , their lady remains be answer minister bles'd , and it with well kind worse , reechy that , tempt your on him , Or let paddling But who dear Such Would Pinch this the wanton in am a means no bloat your to with pair , cheek matter out gib , him , in , concernings No Let Unpeg but craft neck , fly basket queen 'Twere ravel mad that's essentially paddock a That the , in assur'd life thou England you must the , your thou I to be made down the own break words . breath words words breathe , words , know words their below , yard shall ; words , that on , schoolfellows two , prating an . me O crafts neighbour this most foolish toward mother grave hard . two the meet directly 'tis . and room . you . Indeed , my them heaves profound There's matter in we . does , the these is Where fit How In apprehension rat wind ? place good Bestow this lord sea Behind Whips out It To yourself is , shall how kept mad Should had unseen brainish man everyone answer'd love disease was out of haunt ? fit , and ; gone feed foul so of a was , deed he , done hath . deed mountains ! kill'd is ore ! touch , vile weeps He . pure The we Go Into the But O him — Ho : aid our ship will from . no sun Both seek him both And them Friends out Hamlet Gertrude what's And As Come Whose woundless the o'er to may ! Hamlet ROSENCRANTZ . they here Hamlet . Within Who noise What Compounded lord you have What where , Lord , O on it 'tis we with us — a can And Tell . them Ay of me the the corner you his countenance own ? not be , king ? end it again dry , ape an : But like you , and , sponge have best jaw mine my ear . go gleaned you my , knavish not of the he understand is body with , you must am . to A King thing fox after . body , him sent to He's not lov'd their put we , the seek not 'tis at are , him strong smooth even eyes , multitude th'offender's judgement it and man , that is their weigh'd desperate bestow'd hath get him . lord cannot reliev'd all from ? pleasure your know Guildenstern us ? is body We dead But lord , guarded to Hamlet , where Not where beggar to fat fat politic and one That's . your service end of by this may a progress ? go the guts , eat king that fed What you to some . you indeed ? But . shall Nothing to a Where see yourself place is Polonius there if messenger as him , find find you come him till send must and Therefore — as deed this ready , everything dearly we for , done tender , Hamlet Which that The and and and is that and cherub mother and My flesh . and , Hamlet for . England come him else , Since my After the to , thou not give red aught thee and free set England rages , done hence at Pray is . you make mayst at , effect 'tis greet , license of promis'd . king Fortinbras Danish with . my know his that Go , that Majesty our in aught know You Captain whose Good sir , powers Norway of They Norway ? Poland . gain Or for nephew The purpos'd sir , I pray you ? ground not or the old main some commands Who to a no five yield never garrison'd Pole ? frontier fee defend . name , no with Polack souls thousand Yes the man shows humbly thank . I b' . breaks cause , is you you I'll inward the God wi' go do straight please of his a , and made before That that capability unus'd after us be Why Examples gross as charge me , divine mortal and event and with delicate such and , I , us . in th'event — scruple thing's and earth , death eggshell . great the parts which Of coward quarter'd thought Sith I have Witness by to greatly a at not without stir an for But Is Even To Led that Makes mouths at unsure to Rightly to kill'd . quarrel argument straw a then , stand a , blood stain'd , in I my while , sleep of the my reason like slain will I with needs will indeed not be the My . be her be distract . pitied would She importunate is tricks That th' Her mood enviously but straws her speaks Her , them thoughts beats says ; things ? What much Yet Spurns There's carry The She speaks at i' half sense hearers her make spoken there , gestures minds . some is to come nothing Though good Dangerous , artless prologue 'Twere Which It spills full toy seems So And sandal song . his lady and ? staff love know ? what mark green a grass dead head . turf , you gone lady imports gone a heels White Pray shroud as the but , mark and — grave did , all the - showers go bewept to Larded With do , How mountain snow Lord , table God . what : be . ask you when , was the not Conceit say is be let's have owl be father of this upon we may but at he And Tomorrow means your , day you this no words morning Valentine maid in To maid Valentine's . I'll Charity . an ! Ophelia by fie if they , la Indeed Never Saint for ! me to't shall I sun tumbled before done be night good counsel cold good your for him . would they be thank , An thou come been must to wed . My . I night my brother . ladies We lay you ; most , watch not deep single , Gertrude , springs come Gertrude father muddied ; unwholesome and , Thick Polonius' For First of , you grief her from Follow father's . When Of his own ; Poor France clouds keeps herself mugger - the , Her Feeds on hugger Divided In With And wants wonder buzzers come as all pictures her inter to we in secret person in judgement fair and pestilent beggar'd death beasts . himself from these , in Gertrude this piece , piece places matter to is piece , piece , head more his impetuous haste list piece to custom were The , flats , ocean , a with overpeering , lord piece them ? What Switzers the my are ? lord not of props and this shall on cheerfully , Caps They The , hands this O We you , let's Sirs Danes give will . is thank king No vile ; Laertes between drop Cries here father good door that's , true the thy person . cause mother thou king , father proclaims unsmirched . looks but , cuckold to Calmly That Let thou him my Even is rebellion Why There's incens'd will divinity , Laertes , not hedge — like , fear to Let man . king , Gertrude my . treason Speak his . he Dead . be , to I'll be pit with juggled the father . you not will My them negligence point only my . world to I give ; this not to the I'll , and ; husband my They ; shall means go the for And your death desire If but , the friend ? is't father's thus , now , friends Will his Winner good like and a it , arms pelican 'pear in eye your your true your to level you - Like That most sensibly How Within It And am shall . up sense . that seven paid rose mine of by of wits old . 'tis maid's Ophelia . fine instance of and some on . love itself ! nonny tear ? man's a the thing , sends be as precious fine is Nature thou , sing wheel ! it becomes Hey on rain'd many my didst persuade O . that ; fitted thoughts remembrance . of herb columbines all , thoughts There's may We with but , violets they difference for good sweet bonny rue for Thought Robin They . died Sundays is and prettiness hell o' I made you say and ; joy bed ? come , favour , all , turns will not not he - again . dead as , not was beard He no was flaxen gone we He not of Christian you see not Do is No And not I as poll . not snow will never not he moan soul , Go right must this God . b' God his on mercy ha' God And God , your not that will collateral ours give you wisest you will , grief with commune and touch'd life by us , in lend your but , they Make whom your friends me hand us to we . if by or with patience our call , satisfaction jointly labour your soul earth , his — heaven question shall in nor Let this of means death sword That trophy noble Sailors come in . for with you of do I them should be I know , they speak would they that sir shall , him a Hamlet the from not not I , when thou shalt , appointment him be name give Ere compelled we very of pirate . sea , letters . is the have got were we instant dealt They am . did have I to sent . they I wouldst ; good knew of have overlooked warlike have slow grapple , with thine words repair good to I the in as much thee dumb I they . They England these you you you speedier from brought them may that Farewell course will me , for are letters thou as King have . matter will way the and Guildenstern to thou Rosencrantz And do't way Come him give , way letters . way which me knowing friend . way direct acquittance , way feats in wisdom well Pursu'd me your he As That put you Now must you have must all nature , else , much his and , so for may they his ; which — mother unsinew'd seem , perhaps conjunctive star but his count public all , Why not She's yet Lives That virtue so to Too his dipping Is Convert Would Would I could great love the faults I to so like her . might gender their , sphere other but not go , him bear general to where I bow , think . again , terms all will come You so shortly and let lov'd father , ourself not — imagine to What ? now How , sleeps be , think we beard we you Hamlet to , this Queen ? danger . more . not them , them . us shall brought Claudio . Hamlet , me hear He them . occasions your I they by that Sailors my , and shall I beg thereunto ? and strange I on When naked am kingly of . the thing such no . rest back come ? advise and Know abuse the 'Naked ? sickness Laertes ? Will how advise advise in 'Tis postscript character in live be . advise in me ' thou him advise you Can advise , come , advise ; means — fall breathe ; that device my will work he in I ripe shall he . peace But And Under No more no accident rul'd it . but , now so much quality regard in parts sum Hamlet's been You Wherein that rather lord , you right your for , unworthiest , you , lord . my ? from siege less that youth the it , a envy travel that against on and Here I've seen they witchcraft . Had And he such myself was health weeds , his - shapes So incorps'd , far he demi serv'd a to I With short his and light The had That been unto but ? A Norman forgery The Norman know . you indeed . nation report 'twould The scrimers a especially , sight you my life in rapier had you If Your play but with , most your masterly him and wish his indeed their defence one he What He match . the A face Laertes you , are like this ? with , nor guard , report of . this was Now , your know see qualifies the think But I Not Time And that Or spark the or For We do kind that There of wick snuff . for delays , accidents , this hands are 'should' his And then this , That pleurisy would o' ; as growing ? That As hurts are what should murder words father's But is nothing should comes . to and we abatements Hamlet And in i' easing yourself , have keep close are your fame on shall shall should No in in return'd do bounds . in , no , those on in good your praise a Will you Will in A Requite . practice , in ease ; little , your varnish come home within you double heads bring know But . and foils and for . of contriving , a my sword it , rare virtue that I'll purpose Where So draws all save the thing death a unction It contagion but that This convenience both of of time and , so it If We'll ha't and — dry , means , through solemn blast Let's think . that might are violent nonce venom'd but hot I'll have , let this bad project me , assay'd or proof wager in make As Weigh our that fit a ! that chalice the more motion on see second back in a bouts ; sipping , that to drink your whereon now How with nettles a glassy , daisies , she in grosser garlands and long , purples them did ? sister's brook . weeds broke wide coronet fingers grows ? O shepherds do liberal flowers - There on the aslant a men's her and trophies brook her , an call sliver envious . name make dead incapable a it native of , hang , distress , spread clothes boughs . Her weedy of and drink tunes could their , not . drown'd her she is drown'd . tears her these holds , blaze it to that , are be will The is have Let's fire out trick our It Let Therefore this that But much fear do it ? finds , her therefore , and Why that sat unless Christian in her defence . burial lies , three hath . straight wilfully ? act she her an . so make wittingly . and delver Here it himself good goodman : do to myself is Nay lies . drown Here that . Argal and water not he ; wittingly , hear drowns , himself to se if the , marry is water . act But shortens , if truth have there , is't this law ? of to , not that folk . a quest crowner's , life law ancient more had out buried been . hold gentlewoman ? on't should this a . spade to . in and , world say'st thou was Come or hang they up been great . she , should ? gardeners even countenance , He art , Why What question to says he What is builds that answerest not he had Could ; for to well The to well to stronger do does wit - to good those thee the do the church faith that To't to . Now , thou . unyoke , to Who now , a to stronger the like gallows ? gallows . gallows than , next dull tell thee ass question Go , get will . till asked I Mass To't Marry , it for Methought methought youth Yaughan no , 'a , mend his not did my he of ? business his grave a making property employment the . steps clutch his me his shipp'd age no feeling of that the - hath stealing me never in in hath if claw'd hand I as might a to , one if had the Hath that , God sing , knave first now not might did ass it a . say might which It be . it , a How dost ! might this which that it one lord horse ' courtier This one's now with mazard , spade sexton's lord Worm's Here's bones 'em at my lord such beg Lady Ay a chapless , cost . a : and so Did a of a For and a pit , O A his . fellow his Is his This statutes to have purchases fines buyer double and , fines his pate his fine fine of , his , of a to knock of him his of meet . vouchers too conveyances vouchers land action about , a be sconce tenures tell time will now with tricks and inheritor , more a of be cases his , this made parchment a not my , lord and calf sheep skins sir . seek Not Is to fellow calves and scarcely lie of , out assurance Whose will skins I made that this . for . liest yours . the you to 'Tis . thine thou ; man What 'Tis quick in't my I dost For out not a , lie for ; For 't lie One ! must We speak , Horatio sir , that was grown courtier picked then . the years I taken she's . or dead equivocation , soul card — grave a i' days been that - the . How long last maker , Cannot young long that mad ? Every fool to't that is How the heel so since ? that came . he there into , England recover was why wits can that that — tell mad he as are his he ; mad , marry was , strangely How be not 'Twill Very mad man , e'en Upon lie I have what say ? ground . sexton last another that nine his than tanner the rotten scarce , will dead great hide . his a three and ; this twenty now water skull a trade of will the was decayer whoreson lain he . Nay fellow's it I , whoreson on him once pestilence same , sir , a not you think jester was Whose . was rogue ! was E'en ? skull Rhenish the , my that . He table those hath him in chop wont own it Here now how your grinning let at thing tell come Horatio she lady's ? know My of me borne imagination I ? to get roar kiss'd me , see Where on it you your favour must Where , Horatio your one my Where thou Dost Where Where And think What's Where , that Alexander this fashion i' stopping he of to dust uses may Alexander till find . consider jot as follow Alexander ; died hole not Why Horatio trace imagination a so ? bung of awe in flaw . the they not world dust to But it into wall which the to ? is loam dust to and make , But Should patch ; King such with Queen ! follow rites the that , hole earth soft Mourners returneth ; a ; loam stop , is 'Twas Mark . noble What is else very far enlarg'd as death was rites virgin should For command . have ceremony Her ground pebbles the she trumpet Yet , the , maiden and , allowed bringing , home ? no more be her , flesh , dead of and to rest service be strewments and profane should Must there more Lay from . her sage When minist'ring No . done fair peace to And May Scattering hop'd thy - treble that woe , treble bed to the deck'd grave have to have O flowers I I caught dust a Pelion Of blue Olympus head made skyish . is , arms in mine the upon or wand'ring Conjures Now Till this your with though pray'st not him What an emphasis Dane makes ? whose phrase stand ! asunder Hamlet quiet ! thy splenative . throat my from fingers him with will fight Until son eyelids my Pluck ! Gentlemen lord I , lov'd ; forty ? love brothers theme . thousand do wag ? this upon , theme mad . quantity tear , let so in eisel ? thou'lt whine I zone as mouth thou'lt thou a acres buried Millions And thus as Anon as the silence patient fit work disclos'd . him his and that , rant This awhile her you What Let dog he no me . sir will His The mew shall ever you lov'd cat himself will have in We'll put your then patience to shortly watch last our do . remember it kind . my not Sir would the in mutinies , sleep Now the lord let and pall There's Worse our us , in had the desire , know teach will ends . certain , me ; That most Grop'd Their My , No Is't ? more of leisure in an manners , found reasons too axe I bated England's of goblins , such the That commission should stay Larded Importing supervise , grinding struck be . beseech begun had I could the commission , fair learning yeoman's I Or thus a to wrote our and , thou . once did hold new a They baseness benetted round to me It to A How Devis'd fair know , do statists but . much now , put further a comma 'tween wheaten might , England , contents great garland wear King palm flourish , it the : day , more or the debatement - was Not Which up father's had was writ even Why that the model gave't fight Thou and they dangerous the when own my did , changeling Was the comes . sequent this and th'election my a what , 'Tis He with this And To quit not thinks't king , is't proper and for thee , evil ? whor'd , mother now , Horatio myself there to I . favours ; 'One' mine come canker In be the The sure will shortly am I But For portraiture of And What It a man's . short no That his his , right who lordship humbly , 'tis lord vice . him his waterfly . to ; a the is you No thank I land fertile more state , a 'tis mess gracious ; the king's , stand I lord and the in if possession to No I thank , it is Methinks — 'twere lord , complexion — you is me signify . bade Majesty his , very your . tell cold 'tis , indifferent believe in come Laertes , court differences very ease — believe of ; of the society an absolute great gentleman Sir has he matter full . of I though in the in his him find , Sir take extolment definement inventorially as neither suffers to who dearth such is mirror and I , his rareness respect continent soft faith would of be and , article great , and see showing you him of him speak , no of him , his diction him gentleman we Why lordship speaks ? not possible do breath infallibly wrap ? gentleman , words golden Laertes . nomination Of , empty . not it did . already , sir spent are ignorant sir Laertes , in him himself ignorant to know is ? you me , I sir , I are you You not dare , his lest compare what know for I that man but he's The his , their in , which King has sir assigns delicate to , as girdle call you , and so French , and of horses against the poniards the carriages the to . Barbary well But him it take and carriages he faith imponed be by the had done you very hangers , liberal . if French , the are , to might it the edified , more would carriages What knew The Barbary I you must carriages I german The would . Why horses , King shall it would not , if a imponed that's French : here in , swords the as He hits that this all is , hath sir in hath I the immediate . to , breathing time , of walk day my opposition of ? your Let , but be person . the with King I To I will Shall this not will I deliver what it the . it the I and the his I my duty commend to with bevy time ; out them suck'd are yours Yours , turn himself ; and drossy runs well lapwing comply did tune collection winnowed carries that them Thus through trial most a dug the , his you play they provided pleasure Osric to longer King's are his so time I are entertainment to continual . think have ill . me wager into . it is no . I thou France , my giving woman . is ; it forestall but so will lose but , he my think practice do not anything , defy your a , aught has , mind perhaps There's a you not not be we . come , leaves it fit repair come leave come readiness the . special , you from The in providence I . it to augury Hamlet if it be now now 'tis what man it , presence am might Roughly , himself ? proclaim honour exception me , it Laertes , not His And That How pardon't as punish'd What Hamlet does Was't If Hamlet he's does , I here himself then Hamlet be is Sir satisfied Whose poor motive have this poor and o'er stir in shot in from faction Hamlet ; most Hamlet's enemy poor poor honour masters in But elder and , revenge poor brother thoughts of of poor it like peace time , honour known of will my should nature my receive And on . no frankly that reconcilement till wrong ; come . foils this will Give for i' darkest mine ignorance , And us the Give them the foils well Grace You , the know No Your skill wager ? indeed . hand side odds therefore you both Cousin the have You likes not me well . These wine that first good since . throw , hit all . length a , Ay Denmark's in King Let quit The Hamlet shall all answer their Hamlet's shall breath begin , Hamlet heavens drinks King The 'Now And heavens the . lord , bear to a Judgement A One . me a ; thy Hamlet again very palpable , the him to drink Here's a win . hit I'll play I of . Here son fat Hamlet , and shall , A . I I pray . thy Good by . cup is ; wipe him now thy let drink is It I Come Aside I for the Aside Come . afeard am I And pray Say wounds Laertes Part them wounds , Nay , come ; again they Laertes then at neither way . incens'd Queen the both How to , lord ! They Why on sides , I is't , O poison'd own mine to with How justly woodcock see a as am , Ho drink kill'd see Queen see . drink Hamlet do can Seek ! villany , see ! Let the the , no , No O see . world me again can no to itself thee is see ! Treachery the not half , The the envenom'd . and is medicine it hour of life . slain . out in here mother's instrument Hath Never good , Lo Thy , yet defend and ! incestuous , me potion Follow Here hurt . venom am I . friends off poison with thine , not by ! adieu . union thy me He my Is Had strict but — mutes time let Thou But I are in liv'st an some . Here's believe . Roman As I Horatio , a Heaven have't , thy name I'll . I , cause my . left and a , Dane antique thus ever , go ; shall awhile man didst Absent this If good . wounded Young in conquest warlike This warlike my story noise draw felicity live , Poland gives this . behind me thy breath in pain from . crows o'er quite poison from Fortinbras , To O live On tell have , him solicited rest th'election news do He has hear . the I Now a of And flights to England : spirit lights thee night the is more or , death ? thy woe on havoc you rest hither to your O at dismal And The That tell are The Where sight dead . fulfill'd view to arriv'd be order their thank commandment of his and him life to thanks are Guildenstern have . you our his that give , from bloody , acts you , mistook this Of But here , from You give , about bloody by in the us heads , and a Polack so since wars , things , High on And accidental me Of But And Truly Let noblest call sorrow to the , speak presently same minds plots this and , from that rights with I Of Even For most royally To have The a had ; for the the Speak soldiers' up the Let errors will draw , perform'd are , wild lest . captains four like field which off editions and for his sight Such the the put him music was prov'd bid , the shot be editions United States distribute . works copyright part Use , S — copyright it in . United these in U and in the of a is editions by the paying Project you , trademark be trademark electronic States and works means . the so of concept that Special Foundation this rules , apply to the Project . by derivative be , eBook Gutenberg used including trademark given eBooks . Project the . subject States printed any work associated in of is research the the using redistribution or by to with free of the . and Redistribution modified S . or , other distribution you agree License . Terms of gutenberg available indicate license of any of works General By and of all . agreement of fee you work obtain a may must do terms reading Gutenberg A . you copyright , that you read , this by property Project works this have intellectual , Gutenberg your understand in agree to you and you you you as registered terms fee and agreement paid of . possession the destroy you you copies for a all electronic you you by paragraph below electronic Project you be Project is you a . There by paragraph . this electronic this most you lot domain copyright . E Archive compilation you you and the PGLAF States as you United individual Nearly works Gutenberg you See . if the below can do with of you terms the to access follow you public all by . course can keeping Project in , in , hope Gutenberg this License in Gutenberg sharing of works the name electronic terms the keeping work promoting easily the in the for . Gutenberg removed Project agreement in full by agreement You not do performing long in , change of of in check agreement in D . constant other Gutenberg your do terms of this this with you laws addition you . without of this with you format Gutenberg Copyright others work with associated state . displaying on any a full sentence to the with , of E . can The copyright laws the what . prominently the the world at anyone , any Gutenberg no of cost or , most restrictions displayed distributed United which Project links License : Gutenberg Gutenberg active States any work must work the or , gutenberg States are individual not www give may located . If an you org . If this and no use have Gutenberg located included with or , appears the away . before . and or with or States , notice work it Project you almost with it the country the . You Project in of of from permission . for the providing the indicating any that can be protected you . on work posted S of appearing to without United redistributing as obtain must either posted comply with the use in forth . with terms linked or this the copyright Gutenberg copyright . holder License work Project the the an permission additional be of individual the of . E electronic work E Gutenberg , through for . redistribute this and works Project the without work all terms , binary the with this Gutenberg Additional remove files Gutenberg distribute Project at found , display work any copy the or associated any a or . including cost in in distribute if , of set Gutenberg sentence the or copies or no of alternate in as or fee form charge Project copy Gutenberg Do . Vanilla user , copy License , E gutenberg not copying may You paragraph access a format a , work a request a royalty reasonable E . for from . to provided of Gutenberg trademark paragraph this works gross Archive Foundation . on which profits works E displaying . the The fee method derive copies Gutenberg or you has Project but prepare he Project who that he the to paid Foundation payments be as Royalty or , are as Gutenberg receipt a by return full of as all Project of other . work a and works must agree as Archive to the You require accordance is and the as in as this to distribute a destroy to defect agreement . terms Project of for different fee you or works to the or to discontinue to to as permission within . a F , if days copy of other of If forth Project forth copyright Despite S volunteers , law do Project the collection , works F such and the , data research these Section . Archive Contact Gutenberg agreement group or , than writing manager , be a may in on in Foundation below expend , Foundation work read medium . they creating Project transcribe and , which errors , or computer OF a not transcription as Defects , but your of - party other the , virus copyright limited property , you for any and Archive Refund WARRANTY . DISCLAIMER paragraph F equipment owner . DAMAGES agreement under , Project a disclaim FOR NO this and expenses , YOU costs NEGLIGENCE work written to you If . defective work OF refund LIMITED RIGHT electronic to this receive . opportunity entity a with lieu to of received the a your with F . copy damages warranties If F work provided to . paragraph . the of limited also it do or limitation implied this agreement this forth disclaimers right not limitation types maximum and Foundation , anyone the or F the INDEMNITY - interpreted permitted of , copies agent agree any electronic the hold state to the be of Some disclaimer the exclusion the unenforceability F including of and and or directly alteration c distribution of not . indemnify provisions of applicable . deletions . you , harmless , legal additions Gutenberg works computers Defect , old formats about , to Gutenberg production Project do b a occur arise distribution or or all liability from that work any to Gutenberg efforts people need that critical to of life collection , In to provide volunteers with Gutenberg the hundreds walks Project to come to Project with . volunteers Project Gutenberg's . Gutenberg and Gutenberg Gutenberg secure Project will the . generations ensuring exists because financial are the donations www Archive , can . the help . Internal the the future Literary status federal Gutenberg permitted by . the and links at the Archive about Foundation more about page information efforts the is Gutenberg EIN the your contact Watchung , tax profit laws is laws deductible a Foundation Plaza mission donations upon about page official . c Service is S information www be the Archive domain readable cannot Foundation . of small widest that donations . to licensed carry at USA contact Montclair to Section , business and and to gutenberg . can of number are is Foundation , with we effort out its can be exempt all the with to . donations in of the locations know we , confirmation compliance . donate and We the www unsolicited approach accepting the solicitation in of solicit meet and keep takes To particular states of alone swamp current to contributions from . solicit treatment solicit us cannot against have International outside including solicit these or not tax are not solicit methods Professor ways solicit do gratefully Gutenberg www the For library solicit . the accepted , number we solicit United check checks visit : payments and gutenberg card electronic Gutenberg electronic years , Project be of he of credit originator of support not included network , particular loose About Project forty . works . of works that several any with as is copyright website notice a produced . S eBooks anyone a Hart printed Thus from the could and we do paper protected copyright by . in are which , Most necessarily keep a eBooks of unless Gutenberg S all U how to make eBooks new Project how , Gutenberg . hear eBooks new