, the Stand . Get upon hour . Francisco . bed . mouse sick . heart night bitter and had stirring quiet I good Horatio , Stand . at I Friends to liegemen I rivals do my ? make them ? there Who to the ho . you who you farewell honest this . night good reliev'd you Give soldier Say , thing has Welcome What Horatio not , good . of A . is , what again tonight Marcellus have Welcome piece says 'tis , him . eyes belief take hold of this night of fantasy but the dreaded let And will Therefore us Touching twice minutes watch him of it , not to . Sit Tush same us let Where made now , thee off Look , Peace And Last his . part — comes that's , dead again . of the pole , figure art not It King ; be spoke it Horatio wonder and to with it Denmark night of harrows fear Mark to scholar a would , Together What that . like Question it art march By thou speak , stalks buried heaven away and pale ! charge now , my God , not this and look than not the mine ! eyes you it Without 'Tis gone Is How ! he th'ambitious thyself had angry . own ? avouch not and As Such With twice by dead watch this combated Norway when he gross particular state ; know our gone Thus thou He before , and stalk thought eruption me and to land , watch observant , of for cast subject strange strict of brazen war sore that , the in now Good what In , some scope . day : me with the from Sunday the divide such foreign such And might , labourer can joint toward why is't least Was Dar'd Thereto Whose And not impress mart the night I . pride emulate Norway valiant Fortinbras to by ; last Our appear'd by ; Fortinbras this so as stood At Was Which slay Did he been which Had His our , by seiz'd of life ; in most law combat the which of , by the gaged of ; our known who . Of the King ; vanquisher inheritance of Fortinbras full and resolutes , design'd the which a to the competent return'd by article sir and , there us . by our unto strong , a the in But terms stomach food hath this his And fell source post think of main our and rummage in , our King . portentous of the e'en father Is by was I it is watch sort this watch . figure so the the preparations foresaid hand head . land eye : dead fell and dews Rome wars mind's of sheeted and , the trouble is that be Well That A graves the and the empire with the events star . fates coming together earth doomsday Julius the gibber sun tenantless state and moist ere little and trains influence to of still omen precurse fierce stands , Lo . again comes voice , eclipse Was the thou I'll But and . country's to O That if Which Or treasure the womb , it ! death illusion , Stay thing ease to thy , speak ! grace done , fate me to , speak privy thou of , Stop I speak thou foreknowing not stand speak partisan will ! speak , Stay spirits in ? speak if , Shall 'Tis speak 'Tis wrong show violence so majestical here air of being , the as , here . do We it speak to For To vain here mockery invulnerable ! when here have a like morn here heard , the trumpet the , that of here The god then It is it 'Tis fearful thing And . Th'extravagant in the with a his confine present erring of that herein I shrill . and earth throat his - spirit at and of . season the Saviour's on faded his the crowing ever birth , say all stir . crowing spirit dare the hies probation crowing truth made the is then crowing power strike charm . it . tonight crowing celebrated night planets time abroad ; comes crowing hill advice , crowing . believe part in in , we for us to young spirit This Let's needful As So Walks we us , look o'er heard Hamlet up of the the But do't ; this him find you our conveniently our fitting queen ourselves Though yet be so we with one With marriage delight to Your this affair equal funeral , and one with this our on our and contracted sister auspicious scale ; you . follows wife wisdoms all freely barr'd , young have we dirge in dear out of , advantage death , worth Fortinbras . our , thanks of by along our those all dream , gone frame late pester . this : here of lands with disjoint to the not hath To much our Now Thus He Our With , supposal For weak state his most Lost Importing to Colleagued this with fail'd brother , So time young - purpose : herein of , here , subject and impotent Who good to Fortinbras of for business nephew's ; in , to suppress hears , is uncle , by His For , of Cornelius this no further , that and greeting dilated Farewell To Giving of rid scarcely have proportions and personal . VOLTEMAND that doubt Laertes , CORNELIUS let the you and , lists Out and these articles . Laertes , heart , Dane , you duty the than Of things , haste commend duty . with . suit some of all We we farewell ? Laertes beg ? Denmark native , the to instrumental more hand is be . speak , cannot show favour willingly in to slow to him my and my leave go consent at ; it cousin hour from ? gracious again , your done . son . says ; wrung leave father's spend you sun , spend spend hard kin , much thy like with vailed on colour too . spend must off thy father spend Passing 'tis for look dust eternity that still Hamlet than cast not for spend common . spend clouds , Denmark nighted hang on the a am I not die noble thy madam my of solemn black , visage forc'd , cloak inky suspiration fruitful haviour forms truly , seem , seems eye , good , moods suits is ; it seems it in the , shows in To and these trappings they For and your woe show play of of . that me dejected windy , Nor are that nor No obstinate stubbornness most father your commendable lost obligation is a ; father a lost nature . as ; heaven condolement filial In To For An shows will , his sorrow grief , a 'tis thing and unschool'd impatient , unmanly , must It impious survivor bound , peevish a whose nature fault common hath be to throw earth and pray you be note take world to fault be , and till ' the You From death heart unfortified , a mind be your bears of us died cried , be be , today our Wittenberg to you comfort you our desire our of intent of that let are must To of And is And Here Let stay and , and to cousin school to most going I we with not thee shall 'tis loving , Do I , Be This smiling her us mother eye . reply . fair Madam in ; unforc'd all I health thunder . Come tell shall clouds the cannon No the the Thaw And Why my in ourself a and heart . as King's on't stale that , O to Oh seed to self the flat the Or too and bruit O fix'd would had , an rank loving , So dead merely How canon that this ! resolve dew ! not : heaven , world O me weary 'gainst ! not that Heaven would had ; increase Why she , As face king That Seem ! remember of come of ! to the . a month on grown yet and too Must ! Let By That he if fed not A Would Like With little I it which all longer ; Hercules salt yet on't followed . but the me what ? appetite ere think she those is old reason even within , name ! uncle , were shoes she my she poor discourse of my tears beast the I Ere Than She My God Niobe of of . is It of , heart I cannot to most my , Had O of With such wicked to post : you my of I . ever , what But My — with you make good enemy that are deep your . teach I see to To make to truant . in is it lord think yourself But , upon . wedding it furnish met the my fellow do Against My Thrift Indeed , coldly came was mock me mother's hard funeral meats . bak'd . saw take he again in saw He Where — seen that day my , my My look his for Who King attent of witness I For together Two nights Upon the The your till these . Barnardo and God's for my father . Season With , while . Armed In point dead Within Goes truncheon's stately them , fear length and third they Almost them the impart to by oppress'd their Appears at with the ; and A Marcellus encounter'd surprised . him act with - your night , not ; like . more word , did they : not and not and - eyes , to not was where this your both This , not fear the My not But lifted to not of Form Did answer motion then at And shrunk morning , the And even it I did once address , true . did yet speak not made lord It none . methought and it in . haste would crew loud very vanish'd sound the As from I live , Both From my top beaver his to wore you head lord Arm'd , look'd his not foot face frowningly , in anger up ? lord sorrow more upon you ? Most , than ? like with It Stay'd very fix'd And been have would haste it a . you I very have no Very beard grizzled Not like one sable . in . might and was I . hundred . will it assume hitherto . this silence pray conceal'd in tenable my it to me you it And bid fare but shall Give I warrant Perchance , peace sight person , hell you understanding platform duty I I'll If an , as Our foul in Your I I'll your 'twixt visit My doubt then Though to deeds will rise , are necessaries , as loves spirit sit still all eyes benefit ? do the embark'd hear from that ; and , Hamlet For Forward Hold perfume , But Do you is the , more it more and bulk this . so does permanent youth of primy blood toy of his nature , favour , in , sweet of temple you his not subject is For wide virtue may , his unvalu'd depends , besmirch now but fear , soul waxes service . soil nor he as but ; mind the cautel must choice persons his birth is but ; of this to will loves is which far if yielding his must voice in main too And it his heart credent your list your sister . place loves , says goes Denmark loss , it chaste withal believe it affection my importunity unmaster'd in To your of so act ; dear you voice what ear deed , galls not unmask And canker Too of Or , Out If watchman Do ungracious . fear youth spring moon calumnious danger itself their liquid enough maid is . of most are before Contagious oft morn best , thorny pastors of none in imminent near comes . path puff'd the my some of do lesson to and me dalliance his fear is a , you not as reckless heaven ; you . tongue no thy unproportion'd by means . for leave double blessing long too I And Yet The are for in A double sits . Nor here stay'd There Aboard character thou unto a . blessing of , thought few . Laertes familiar soul thy in judgement can thy of but thy thee , and the but ear thine fancy that station comrade but few ; steel of rich rank chief lender a and th'opposed entrance Bear't Take For And they of Costly thy to each Of And This And loan a the , follow must Are each every man , friend . be be edge to invites : season leave my thee self : remember , have and , well servants , you Ophelia ; said to go I of the my do What 'Tis yourself The in you , my touching Lord ? and 'tis , so me please of . me put yourself . to said , is't , time so do between hath What As it behoves not of , audience private Given He , affection , daughter understand lord caution the , tell girl you up me me a as call , them baby , lord my ta'en have I'll tenders these not do Or you think true a . should think , phrase . dearly more what ; love wind I you know believe in perilous circumstance yourself the a fool go , me yourself pay poor you'll fashion , the lord to you teach are Which Ay may , I heaven , it tender to to Hamlet is , maiden it promise tongue the Even Lends Giving Set to parley at your entreatments higher . In ; time young they for he is For scanter springes blood not must You believe vows you larger a that tether . implorators of beguile dye and pious walk ; in making this a your given of may few show brokers , Ophelia This terms , from for bawds which investments sanctified But Not , so talk lord Lord ; their this . any plain in come . forth your leisure my charge with Hamlet moment the and hour now struck twelve air The heard Indeed It shrewdly bites it season , rouse Rhenish , No the Wherein I spirit It . not it King and mean . my than it a custom , swinish nations is other and with though ; of east ; am breach and drunkards us clepe Soil And my a us birth for As in So our their chances From More to And the our heavy Makes manner honour'd This in the and the ; choose of in revel tax'd , They Oft Or I Nature's , virtues Being form my fault the in infinite particular else , of of much — stamp Fortune's as may censure As Shall Doth Angels thou Be Bring thee will Thou Be father speak com'st thy , ministers of health heaven from , tell , it his own scandal not canoniz'd burst King That with airs hell sepulchre , Hamlet shape call ignorance to Have from O ; death , steel , souls What reaches ! of the , mean this moon go ! you hideous to the away of we ! do desire did , should in jaws ? we our of ! nature again , shake with ! this is With Say ! not speak No beckons it if As some impartment courteous what you To you But waves It , forth as toward thing immortal . lord itself It of into other That Or it Being set what do the be should , my pin's fee that it the horrible my the the your very there madness more into dreadful what life if What my , can again flood toys to desperation Think reason , cliff of of sovereignty the follow still thee . sea , go not I'll waves The deprive me fathoms many you draw , roar . off so Without motive beneath It petty lord rul'd Be hands cries away a call'd am , say As And heaven Still I with I'll . in this body , the as Nemean gentlemen nerve lion's ghost ! that to imagination thee fit He ; desperate 'tis thus him ? go no the will rotten . To what lead follow me I Mark When up I Must almost and myself flames , will poor but I sulph'rous My is render hour me hear thy . hearing , thou , fires word lightest I am , spheres . to from thy of - not list ! murder unnatural father ! most the strange I revenge . as wings love . of , hear , fat wharf , orchard Denmark , ear my , in Hamlet my noble life thy thou father's , gifts the beast ! uncle Now wears , Mine my wit and , seduce my of , hand in whose wretch virtue it , a a to itself sate Will , though court But natural in whose , what to a went her marriage ; as shape celestial bed within the uncle stole a in the of hebenon afternoon ears did pour of into about and bark'd doth body courses it droppings and sudden like wholesome instant sleeping All of , unanel'd sent to my on my head horrible account , for not But Taint thy thy mother those O With reckoning not to The ; And ; howsoever A ; To - and And 'gins ; heaven of host I ; And Ay saws ; youth That , I'll of , All , away , all memory ? holds my fond of Remember copied of woman set , it villain , and so , be in . me remember . may . it smiling Yes my alone volume observation . brain , live ! down ! damned . Denmark word ; a . ' . to Now are and MARCELLUS sworn't 'Adieu Within , Come bird come . secure him ho Illo ho Within . Good No my lord , O lord Nor , you'll is't , lord it heart , it . by tell wonderful my , man ? by heaven Denmark grave us part . from villain , so us wild , lord words us I'll and and right at shake own desire part us : poor us point all us , you friends , to may you , my is't O'ermaster't It is desire me Give are For And , As you Nor lord . lord sword . fellow lord truepenny ? lord , the cellarage lord . my the Propose to lord this my . swear there thou ? thou of on ha Never et Hic , Swear . this Swear Beneath day and give it your in in heaven this but night mole therefore a , never , before are Than A O There more remove th'earth ? fast . strange friends wondrous stranger , philosophy and , And 'Well Or you list by at put perchance odd I shall , of some or . But come , soe'er I encumber'd to , such thus seeing this , never shall , do to , out 'There doubtful - Swear of such we Or 'If speak' aught mercy at me giving or ; grace , And , perturbed his lack and lips . was poor love your cursed us Let , go in , you you , spite a So Hamlet . is to ; friending O right . pray , That , lord go set . on of I Nay God him this him behaviour notes . my did these and to . it . wisely will shall his . Reynaldo My said me what Danskers are in where this What well your particular , company and , who first , question you they expense of and means , what intend , friends , it sir , you Look . Paris more knowledge my my 'twere as encompassment part Ay very , this mark may lord and That Marry Than him' part if't and so mean ' put he but well he's wild 'not very . nearer him Reynaldo , of his there , liberty are sir As be , in What in do I , heed slips ? my and , and known may fencing As As forgeries dishonour wanton take You , him please ; marry of . him charge ; breathe to season in go My Faith or Ay must That A open scandal that , but general good But they may in lord so mind assault a of ; You my flash Wherefore should . blood liberty faults on do , my , not Ay Marry believe it I this ? my fetch i' th' be , soil'd a sir , He or I these , 'gentleman' addition assur'd him , consequence man you is And , ' The closes you and lord to — He you ever 'twere Mark breathe ; According sir of this or to And with good , something 'gentleman and say I about Where did ? say — say , ' . I ' ; of or : or carp of forth , you , the t'other truth you — gentleman as , o'ertook such : thus out him you with falling or He Or Videlicet Your And , then , tennis' there at wisdom with son God b' my Shall You I , my you well . you have my you have , him , lord music you wi' Observe , now my in , Ophelia And let my . Lord My Alas lord upon his with I lord Hamlet , down Pale his , Ungart'red hat lord To as and his thy , other purport knocking knees , shirt And As wrist it fear hard . brow thus length ; for , He to it shaking What do I , My , He And He , As his the last , way without eyes , his his bulk and so of perusal goes Then And his head thus waving up of , me go down so such draw to That to it so out with go , Come so me very went shatter done bended to any so For so have No And afflict you access his ; His , as you lord him any command words denied . me natures fordoes of , and . him did , I repel my That It seems wreck our I But thee . with better fear'd is cast , grief More known proper quoted am And must To This sorry . in the , Come beyond it that I , trifle but to we kept . sort opinions age ! move heard you , see to Something ; th'exterior Hamlet's need we Rosencrantz and younger King close utter might being which Welcome much we . entreat himself should have transformation sending did . to so of from nor than I So Of in youth his rest pleasures gather , him th'understanding put provoke , thus glean th'understanding companies by brought of , death being since That draw afflicts to your here occasion unknown you th'understanding th'understanding you living th'understanding will us , us from your , good of talk'd men adheres th'understanding am hath are may awhile us it within lies , That Good And To As show he I As For visitation and so to Your by Whether whom open'd Than you into us , command , up give Put to your in ourselves To . pleasures dread We our your the entreaty of king's remembrance . bent your . Rosencrantz more freely gentle . and service the full feet , practices Hamlet instantly our some gentle I And My beseech you commanded be visit you , him good I to my , my my liege . return'd hold or — still lunacy that — of fruit that I the first very cause policy this gracious you Assure think not hath news be that th'ambassadors I do do to the my my us'd and Hamlet's to , bring to hear so sure found he my source we , father's queen your in , and . main what it tells Thyself His doubt the marriage ? him Norway good from he , whereat griev'd appear'd brother , desires ! and greetings my sift Polack impotence arrests , brief sends 'gainst Say Most Voltemand Welcome our , fair be better sickness , in his falsely Fortinbras To Upon , truly in Polack employ with and in his arms , those Majesty against ; obeys and give quiet , further to , uncle annual , in , your overcome thousand as dominions you to well are shown at you and our at rest , regards such Through entreaty it . together we'll night think us day My Why Were day , brevity , and of the flourishes , time took . duty , is time wit is well majesty and waste night outward noble night , And What should nothing More with at but true define Your go ? son and night , madam but I Your call will is the be Your But but he farewell us him then remains art art Your mad , all . nothing 'tis Your mad be it I to matter Your Madam And But I pity , less grant out Who I Or That defective comes of . for , 'tis swear I use no true the the and , the That 'tis let find I cause remainder thus cause , duty my and , celestial rather cause by defect , surmise . most is , she the . this a phrase phrase but you an To ? faithful fire vile soul's madam Ophelia numbers liar , to shall phrase a Came stay this Hamlet . hear Doubt Doubt doubt my me move the that I I in And . dear truth . best have , stars will a I to ; ill thee dear obedience by . love means his , time given All that As do by to him ? she above , am best love most This lady hath solicitings , place ? out fell they would daughter Majesty a , think you might honourable and the this Or Or you young No thus , then not This What had I As When fain desk or this told , But love your seen so what heart I hot I 'Lord she Thence , Admit And Fell be my Thence a watch , he weakness , make — a raves into thence , took , receive from I I And herself no of tokens out the short a fast . my , her , fruits his resort then wherein , a Into done Which And all we 'tis ? likely to . ''Tis prov'd positively When That a been I that I know . very otherwise , indeed find will . otherwise were from is truth Where You Take If this this circumstances How if this , hid though , we four lobby my reason his . I I'll daughter he Here At a no not me But be We him state . fall'n behind If . sadly look But Lord , poor good you try and for thereon , farm do presently where the it . my - mercy ? a reading . my , I'll How me give O I lord ? world man fishmonger picked one of as , Then Excellent , true this you daughter , carrion you ? a . is , as to being . be my , thousand ten maggots a breed the daughter conceive i' may ? my him youth Aside sun Still was . What . look extremity read do , he . love , you is . daughter fishmonger , a , on lord harping . by first And . this gone me How her you mean read matter , my words He . here ; honesty sir have matter the the words I , tree you potently most Between What . their , in't of old I most have grey thick wit lack plentiful walk with plum - hams ; For I should be you Will is . hits on yet it , purging eyes their ; amber to set thus like which you . reason — his sometimes crab down . you and and . part . life willingly . him my , fools . will I more , lord you tedious Hamlet , These seek Fare the . lord , you is ; Guildenstern both . he sir thou do ye ! save Polonius To friends indifferent we her shoe ; Ah very of dost dear most excellent My good . are lord . middle we of over , or Let is honest me or the friends is news you not , or have . parts particular my of waist or you What is or Fortune news that , to or . hands ? lord your , O or , Then None , true Denmark's Prison that one Why so . so you 'tis thinking ; is . wards prison , space be then God ; confines . worst my think being are , nothing is narrow for your bad . good either count have so shadow . the is king that substance very a the infinite Truly hold ambition but , beggars a of itself but a is indeed , ambition ; for I and , are sort man of honest such is shadow it light quality of dreadfully attended ; for most ; occasion . Elsinore you at by I , thank , and craft is . there not have ; Is sent I other Is free ? visitation Were Is Come . not And speak you Is . of of were Is rights better the , you . love , Is , consonancy even preserved , and But enough fellowship must teach , Nay To or . with more , by by the our sent , could you , me love proposer you of charge you I eye If you off were sent for tell My you wherefore ; frame goodly firmament . this appears What most but . your so shall all moult no mirth reason ; in action , so you animals form , excellent I the King know the earth not seems , piece a , and dust though paragon in no in angel the roof look with , how me was , when delight you . them you and not Lenten , shall Majesty lover peace ; the tribute . o' my not coming offer from knight , What such lungs laugh take the , man use welcome they if , you lord my are make gratis adventurous the those were shall the plays He of and chances profit Even think , comes by residence was the they you hold Do so estimation inhibition same How , berattle tyrannically are afraid common of so for't clapped eyases the Do wonted quills they These out but is top fashion — are ? as ? come of ? there the now . are of their ? scarce on that they — do their sing them ? the say is money and , sir , to 'em so most — maintains themselves and own both throwing possible much been has carry away load about ? the do they Do my that very make Ay , there Is't lord father his natural , in give could those if . twenty Denmark Hercules and his of King my ; while more are Elsinore out . Your , comply . You , southerly a my appear to extent . outward garb this but fairly are mad north - Well with from west to , I mother are is I deceived you with The . come Let . aunt players , the more should father and - man You an indeed is . be , is not at , second will lord My lord an actor Rome . my Roscius , so . Mark news have When Buzz — historical , the for , individable , scene Plautus comedy hither my The buzz come or thou . only pastoral , too nor a what he These are lord — treasure and historical - had ! poem men ? daughter the light love passing and more . Jephthah daughter , then my , lord . my , follows , well Still loved he which Aside i' right Nay not th' a . I I , chanson , most know God lot pass as came of then to It are , The good , friend welcome beard old all to will comes am Thy is ladyship you and , friends thee , a O , altitude , welcome uncurrent ! last and Why was . face my gold me . piece are me anything or me never not , at Masters your , valanc'd to What me well thee see of received of me others million was I top me mine it my was in set with — an as make as , the speech remember as — in sallets honest that it us the if general such , he begin speaks , me chiefly and the caviare speak a speech once play , in as it as , me One method modesty the it , down the let , smear'd arms — he light damned and lend That With he Pyrrhus he purpose more this lay his not at loved , where memory he It Hath To he and a o'ersized proceed he carbuncles thus . in dread gules black couched mothers a parching he , the to trick'd sons , he and finds he , lord my , God with 'Fore Striking Rebellious with And too with Pyrrhus the whiff strikes match'd antique wide falls drives him , grandsire the Pyrrhus coagulate , Priam with eyes with good accent where with spoken at arm Priam to his prisoner Th'unnerved But Did a Of So a reverend But , Which And silence A base father . with the still pause dreadful stand storm the and the him death winds the we in The did , as the never Mars's nothing nothing Priam , seem'd tyrant his nothing nothing i' , rack Pyrrhus' work - bleeding Priam for proof nothing , fall orb matter nothing after ! nothing of hill . take as the fellies and nave on than forg'd a the Cyclops' , With On And Break , Out low long of bowl shall It a with or Say tale As to fiends . on too , This barber's on to for to beard , that for clout come Hecuba ; good a robe flames the . steep'd venom o'erteemed , queen' 'The barefoot bisson About her lank . down threat'ning , queen' ! upon , head loins have tongue of and up — treason with th'alarm in seen rheum With blanket 'Gainst , stood diadem caught her that not the colour burning passion , of , all has . in you . where well for the thee not have things But When the saw players you live a have I'll used well death After the . them move mortal you , man Use your honour after of time Good . hear you epitaph . desert them Take desert to them bestowed the bad their , The dignity them let ? of Murder them is merit more me him , Ay Dost them them better , lord in . hear friends old play speech them some in't need down could play study insert Gonzago a for Ay you I you , well that To , night We'll ha't would not welcome Good You Guildenstern Follow lines which ? you . and , Ay it not what , rogue But in a a fiction a Is broken his her force That to his , eyes working wi' night voice conceit and , soul in to all for suiting , conceit , all Hecuba all indeed the horrid , all I amaze ears and the ? her for motive He all guilty , the mad he What's all faculties muddy and all of , Yet , most for unpregnant dear tears , for . Am my pate he would What cue a say damn'd Who A me nose the lungs . And me deep I But Plucks Tweaks The Like Remorseless , Oh 'Swounds to gives I not No property can whose my should and was defeat Ha ! To should oppression lecherous ! kindless ere and liver'd - made . a coward be kites murder'd hell words , most bawdy whore am fatted bitter region ! father is , Bloody , scullion About guilty creatures with very my heaven dear I revenge - my very so by , fall , I what And A to their soul I ! the a heard villain ! upon't of observe the proclaim'd have They a like Prompted Must my by and malefactions no it the most tent I'll For miraculous have uncle Play , like to a the devil weakness and The the mine Before though tongue my his that such have King . the play's , the , potent than the As be damn Wherein More is of my to conscience this drift no him can circumstance ? on of confusion , himself confess all his of harshly With , quiet keeps some confession crafty madness . aloof well you like with Did But much When But But a you assay free , it ? certain told of that Of They the - there o'er , of did Madam We in pastime reply but a question fell to already him a have ; me beseech'd he And to . out him the before they are kind . your the it so him hear hear 'Tis night And To my play all his 'twere may hither , too accident Ophelia as And , drive , and heart gentlemen so bestow ourselves that lawful . Hamlet , for , shall We closely , Her he we your That your good him wildness beauties , I again cause happy I his may so wonted be shall wish no or . Hamlet's thus he , encounter frankly judge of I be him obey bring To Read you book , wish . to both Madam wish — wish it wish We much your wish honours , to To here 'Tis too — of ourselves That pious . And wish walk , I please this Gracious wish with are , action we devil 'tis wish burden most that my this in . true give with , that O himself do oft an exercise may Your The , How O him be The To Or , the a a opposing And 'tis be Let's heavy my lord painted . suffer hear I - by sleep die is or is . troubles sleep , end consummation : sleep to we shocks , come , proud man's law's contumely time , death delay spurns , death , may . death death , death , bourn the we whose death will puzzles something weary life his he a With And No When To bodkin of the unworthy quietus , resolution know country us to of , from ills not moment , currents pith of ? of these others does thus o'er Than fair all Ophelia regard the make pale all us native great their my Good orisons thy Soft With lose your humbly does enterprises And conscience turn remember'd . them well . day this ! for honour have . when ; gave I I you . aught more for givers . lost you compos'd unkind lord my , Take gifts them . did their ; you ? poor of prove , Ha these again Are My words things the made you ! noble mind honesty ? have lord the than the better into This power for be . likeness his what Ay truly . my fair and to force paradox sooner with of honesty did I proof is , it ; beauty , a beauty it bawd was sometime , have stock . honest indifferent myself You not relish Indeed should I nunnery my mother , more offences them crawling than sinners inoculate of I time earth . are in thoughts that ? them ambitious but I me . be could borne to none do at thou , in be doors him O marry arrant What , put . the shut help farewell well , pure snow , give as ; go know ice Let thee . heavenly restore him . monsters if wise ; to fool , and own , of you , given them needs wilt thou you this what powers . You thou marry . marry . and that Those . no , more no marriages nunnery amble all quickly too your you to live shall lisp face . courtier's I'll too it as mind the and and of , fair mould deject honey the Go and , have all suck'd keep . vows reason and , wretched , of fashion and O And Th'observ'd The The ? he seen unmatch'd bells jangled see of of woe , have ecstasy out tune quite , quite most feature most way something There's . doubt And not . Like affections though for he of tribute disclose , different shall seas : some set Whereon This I do be which his which melancholy danger it a little on't prevent do grief thus him expel to quick shall our and puts speed , matter It Sprung Thus With the the , objects variable something From neglected heard You fashion . still brains you believe Ophelia Hamlet now of . love and do need it his not queen let it you her round , find confine unwatch'd . where not . it had do I , go to not in , air acquire trippingly , passion the a too torrent me offends , whirlwind say but my , periwig give lines gently pated of tear must saw of pronounced your shows and it o'erdoing for fellow a Herod warrant split robustious hear , noise would , as crier if . such for ; Nor , you it . ears but whipped Pray honour , nature you to - dumb to passion inexplicable let the playing as own Now scorn hold image , whose which laugh and make censure O others of . of the word your . but ; from is not action overdone now was too his it praise the , of highly players to at be , special the for overdone that and I not them have not , bellowed us so that . with have we nor theatre , 'twere the cannot your allowance — and for set it on quantity For had made And reform'd strutted Christians that of barren of abominably be there accent , the clowns your be those , let them some it make , play there fool . the . is O considered the shows this necessary some That's the of ? presently that now too . the play to indifferently that a pitiful Queen in King , hasten make the players you We Here Will , sweet What As , thou my e'er what think I the good spirits knee her her distinguish thou choice flatter'd thy but Why mistress men of may revenue and No As ta'en in thee could my Since Hath one that follow crook thrift Where A they thanks and finger - For that And pipe fawning candied lick the pregnant buffets so . will him this . death circumstance . a act comment mine with prithee , itself . one occulted heart , speech have are unkennel in thy of , his foul note heedful as will . imaginations ; judgements guilt , I , Something my , I I As , Which , Observe Do not damned Even As I ; play pay will , the rivet will . seeming , my . Queen others , him is , lord to Get Enter a I whilst of his be , air capons : the cannot of cousin and ? eat , idle place King . To answer , I nothing That , you you did What I . Caesar Excellent , i' faith ; No , did enact a I and say good , dear my , lord kill Come , mother attractive patience your a . calf there . my . brute me kill'd i' Be upon sit by me in lie lap lord head No your mean my Do you ? ho O King legs maids' matters between to think Ay my , I meant lie lord . merry ? lord ? merry You Ay jig die let 'tis then Nay , he must the black , else for not But Then suit . and father lord What looks mother - devil two . my , hours heavens the on her , great man's - hobby churches ! by'r him asleep , her show makes his Queen head crown a upon horse is , months , half have , is forgot epitaph then memory O hope lady of is the body away , carried four is gifts her with the some loth unwilling Anon him him He in makes in is , the bank he a a ears King's , is awhile , and embracing him is down takes unto and mischief . it play comes King . Poisoner passionate my accepts this show know We , imports the . all tell this miching or the argument ; of you . him are not this it fellow I'll meant keep ? show us tell shame For naught prologue We 'Tis As naught . posy or your clemency naught . gone . naught , ground twelve Tellus' Phoebus' naught , my lord About naught ring woman's a and and most be done . sick of so sun bands did thirties , hands borrow'd ere journeys many For you Discomfort , far women's , fear and love , Yet aught Now And siz'd , love as is world the But Make So the , distrust I nothing quantity made in this live powers great doubts are , kind world too the grow little Where , is , operant And , is my my neither , love leave to shortly , fair , be . husband who first , as of my . thou haply and functions , husband marriage , wormwood . speak in to memory : the my Wormwood second husband break ; tree . what but , they that to Most But now passion , doth , the grief themselves pay Of fruit unshaken 'tis revels most What To what do but necessary ourselves joy world The own joy for , not grieves passion to of . lament on mellow be . strange , change prove his or , love on friends mark with nor doth either we ourselves destroy debt ; lose purpose propose us else fortune favourite enemies tend doth friend hollow you question great who And The even For The poor hitherto not who For Whether Our our devices , thou are think thy wills want needs thoughts That So Sport Nor But doth Directly Our in a a his to orderly in prison face and destroy , joy and , our . overthrown none lord is are wilt me earth and To An what Each thoughts desperation that have turn give thy second would I be . wife it sleep she The tedious dull Sweet should ever me , blanks my hope scope my , day . now , strife pursue hence once 'Tis play ? twain methinks . keep like . deeply sworn , leave would no in't . th' world her in there What . they heard The , do murder see anon done we that , Vienna do you majesty jest , no but piece souls . but his the a : not play call , work , play of wince Lucianus I keen . love , my lord . King the off are groaning take could see . a . you mistake , you , your you faces It are dallying . puppets if edge thy revenge , thrice infected seeing collected , immediately dire weeds ; bellow damnable . how no , raven murderer , Begin the of , agreeing for property , season else , apt him and , wholesome On written Give murderer What in very fire lord fares , How the . Away light All some , let must turn , The some sir this forest For forest Would For hart forest forest with , runs and forest So me get with Turk forest in a forest O Upon well the , Very lord my You Jove himself , for poisoning . a Didst thousand ? pound the take talk note . it . with . perdie , some likes the you , sir , Ay Is my for wisdom , show him to more rather more to some into from frame start so to plunge me pronounce , hath spirit ; lord richer choler this would itself into me lord discourse am his to your be return pardon my good great of I will , please , this courtesy answer , breed . cannot commandment Make wholesome ; to not I business the mother's it the you if make a , Then wonderful son to stonish ere you any further bed . sequel my , amazement times trade speak desires , the can your more , Therefore obey with she , I my And were with pickers and friend . deny of love mother is But admiration closet . you ! mother's . the once stealers your surely bar once your advancement ? voice Denmark succession , once have but Ay that , sir How once Good can liberty your distemper you cause once these I the griefs once — you as grows in , while Sir own be the to O recover lord , My me the cannot this is ? too love To bold too me well pray , see me the . understand not lord , I . unmannerly my play finger will lord my mouth lying Look you your govern Believe no , easy . these I as eloquent , thumb it music I I give But , my mystery , you you touch are utterance skill my my , lowest ! the would though of top this , Call . from know sound make , to ; me , how unworthy me pipe , sir and do what with you . out the in you , excellent fret the you the , God bless upon instrument 'Sblood you music much a see a a almost that's , 'tis Do mass yonder to by I Very Or is and is whale By easily by . like . weasel a a like me whale and will — by come said witching time the to . and Leave , of the to my blood night out , mother : day let bosom thy ; and thy very bitter . thy her to lose look world . now itself breathes I as drink thy use shent soul somever this be hypocrites . firm ; business soul Let My will The thy Would quake to such unnatural nature this soul tongue in give thy To How thy I To so Out The Hazard will terms your safe dispatch you . us stands will his and those fear provide with grow doth our near Most keep feed peculiar strength the life mind much armour ; depend of many religious is bound . upon lives To With of and 'noyance weal The of majesty , more gulf a It mount and things , wheel rest doth thousand but from itself alone ; your highest Majesty many with groan which petty , falls , consequence boist'rous , you will I sigh adjoin'd Each and . a speedy voyage ; will ROSENCRANTZ fetters pray King ; Which We now Arm ; GUILDENSTERN mother's she'll wisely arras ; home him myself convey mother said warrant them vantage 'Tis And process the , my was more , I'll haste us audience makes nature meet call offence , And you ere , my I should bed you to . it is O my of . Fare will , can strong to double partial liege , rank Thanks as Pray curse Is wash To to it thicker both Were I white prayer stand stronger brother's hath A ! defeats my upon't smells begin heavens of but forestalled confront visage snow enough itself than first business queen possess'd ! Whereto I'll am did , and of what twofold force prayer which own , cannot serve the mine ambition I ; Of crown Offence's And oft corrupted In seen hand Forgive retain by wicked the those I the justice so not . past My of world , still currents this and 'tis his the evidence no is There To Try Yet O wretched more Art out in nature shuffling But th'offence pardon'd the Buys law teeth Even O knees ! what to In true , there ourselves Make strings - well be now All as Now I'll . pat may born babe heaven that be is new of , repent cannot one when , it state engag'd , I heaven , and , for villain bread full send not of salary and scann'd , May flush is broad took all in grossly knows save heaven of as , and And with how his heavy But With And take so now villain A And do do , and and To am my his He And blown , crimes father audit fit know for a or act some blown ; thou his his horrid passage ; pleasure of , his blown his , black damn'd blown and his soul may no gaming Or he is blown stays sickly mother thy may about heels be goes it blown days but of of bed salvation season'd is th'incestuous My remain heaven King At trip That Then hell And He My words physic whereto my straight your heat him thoughts , and to pranks up without him I'll screen'd I'll . Grace have . you round lay to bear broad him stood too , mother me and mother that Pray Withdraw with not Fear be Mother him I Now , you , come , you the idle offended ? Why , it the No You And then I'll set , by , Go , go , question , now how Have shall a you set , I to . those the glass can my mother . you budge murder ho ? Thou wilt help , me ! A help . of part inmost you , Help , help , hast done Is . slain not help ! deed is me , know what . Almost and O , thou what brother ! his bloody king bloody kill Leave To your for wring your hands you Peace for penetrable , farewell . mother , thy ? marry 'twas . thou bulwark so I wag an Such rude that done thy — danger fool , sense so some is busy it damned That As In I and noise act , forehead hypocrite ? and , of takes and rose love such vows marriage the modesty and and , deed a innocent and religion sweet . O oaths the of visage - sick , solidity and what thunders on , act the at so Ay roars Look here The what curls Mars like a front , like a heaven a to set seal , man his indeed hill a a eyes feed have humble , a ! Ha love this your give Where New To This Could lighted a on the it batten a a difference quantity so but ; is tame , would of sure this ; mountain . like , fair ? at you age judgement what choice , to moor on blood sure you err devil hoodman at ne'er not was't ? is matron's . Proclaim hell of without What or , feeling you sickly shame , part blind thy as actively itself compulsive her Since Ears Could not If flaming frost And Or thus but . feeling sense sans where all smelling a panders reason mutine no soul burn , fire youth canst O in And Hamlet and my such tinct , no into leave honeying speak the And as speak When speak turn'st . bed ; speak spots , making speak black an love speak Hamlet sweet and not me nasty ! of precedent A Of cutpurse that A and with o'er precious the put king A from a me heavenly would ! What , Alas guards of chide to go , and ? hover important come me he's . amazement , wings your figure strongest and . say your dread command . works soul sits This visitation mother , O to whet weakest thy on Hamlet blunted you bodies her with to , step lady bend incorporal your your do wildly ? alarm hold spirits soldiers life excrements peep discourse you . thy on in . And Your Upon Sprinkle Would On form , up His him And with the air your Forth bedded , true do what you ? see this , for look , nothing did at Nor Nothing Look ; ourselves ? but where is This the have Ecstasy cunning your his in as portal . ecstasy the ; love ulcerous to , is on heaven come ; grace matter that flattering yourself these times me Forgive vice for , madness not . do pardon must to virtue pursy this my , beg easy next more easiness of or , a kind a , who gives likewise That To For And With I'll And either the use next the potency wondrous do repent blessing The Thus I Let the by will cruel One bad For from To the Unpeg birds try break words I , if conclusions fly , your on the and house's sense and like famous top creep and , do would and the and said have to no made know and breathe that and — and 'Tis go enginer work my their 'tis 'Tis the 't , moon 'Tis the shall line one his 'tis me 'Tis And For 'Tis I They will letters 'Tis trust bear marshal with I at own them man guts This in When Is my Gertrude Hamlet little while lord a your us profound heaves them contend does wind and , 'A in as Which good this , sea the What Mad had been , been man . kills a lawless apprehension old ! ' rat rat cries the , How , his Behind is out rapier It Whips Alas you liberty To , be shall yourself threats had ? providence whose deed , deed we to to , and of , fit most was let it he , love answer'd . all everyone He itself would But To apart a Gertrude weeps for away this vile deed shall he hath is life of divulging a foul disease feed ore touch ! the base ? Where . To mineral come , him our . haste some — must We no O The But from him out you I we'll , mother's madness hence hath and you mean up fair hath you and further friends you , blank come you miss to cannon o'er untimely speak in Hamlet you , the And chapel you Gertrude them whisper Whose what know As the call our so away come they . with body . Hamlet O and , here the , thence . Hamlet take Hamlet we to not . chapel Hamlet ? that Hamlet king kin Hamlet , bear Do Take for can Tell I of And believe Believe replication what it your what , sponge keep counsel that up ; such he , my have his end : he be ? should own by , a his ; service of . speech but in and sleeps be dry again . lord a what ear , and : body what is you must King where , you shall gleaned what in go . first mouthed what it is the not — to what . thing all lord fox , and what The with the King my I lord nothing with the tell to it of me to strong distracted , scourge is on goes I so lov'd He's smooth away their , seem . must we , sending . Of the But where put the the : him loose the . find the ! the , even weigh'd all must the , from is now cannot body pause 'tis Who like not him th'offender's desperate . the ? are appliance not ? my him guarded How Diseases desperate Guildenstern , But Ho , at worms e'en else At Where my . lord convocation maggots end ! two supper . certain where fat eats . to him are but he where with the creatures politic man fish to your all but Nothing yourself place , Send to hath that worm thou What dost hath that fish mean heaven show him . seek you i' . th'other within In Attendants Go messenger your indeed find you stairs him him up not if But nose thither that . him stay for we grieve thee ; bent . For tend For is which Which Hamlet England , hence everything and With , and England cherub a see mother My is . come , Good it Father him it not ; I'll with tonight one , Hamlet man for wife . him . everything for flesh on at thou cicatrice my Tempt have sword — Hamlet hectic must For Pays That leans , Away , England And is make haste red awe — done , rages , full , the present And Go , By letters my him his Over the We And express by me ne'er know . eye his aught the would him . us , Fortinbras license his duty my on . know do't . pray sir these powers . softly whose Norway , I of , sir ? sir Good They some Who to old , main some and them it hath go profit to Norway I patch Poland sir . fee Pole garrison'd ducats defend five to to in the To Truly speak with it it Will This humbly question debate is thousand th'imposthume Yes inward God I and the you not Why you with please . against ? sir peace a no his is a . beast A and that to before gave before man time What reason craven precisely oblivion fust he his occasions all Sure thought ever three too parts Sith A I And Be sleep That To have this invisible the such mass and I do exhort earth , delicate tender puff'd wisdom , and , dare without great to danger unsure to know — me , Examples . do't To all To The all Excitements have a father reason while kill'd and fantasy cannot , fight fame , then argument stain'd men see plot , the trick beds thousand blood mother a , find to greatly at , cause continent nothing . worth or O not Which My the or her needs distract or not importunate of or , she mood speaks th' much Spurns , or will , but She tricks There's or i' or with she beats doubt , them thought thoughts at their , fit enviously carry make one think much strew for , heart hears straws . up and there ill come . breeding , be sure she conjectures would Indeed 'Twere good Though , Each my toy sick Let Dangerous her in seems full in artless prologue as to of So It sin's some to spilt ? now How your true love ? one song mark , snow . as the mountain a his green turf — go ; not . lady owl , you do say not what upon the love They ! you true was ? may when : be , table . a . window out , his door . maid . Valentine donn'd be more your . make an end , hadst ha' done come An thou hath shall . I brother Come , sun me to't . patient th' ladies I would lay , good for sweet must cold counsel choose my ? be him watch I it , done have we their remove ; come death come your own just unwholesome death him the and gone her Divided his and herself much containing secret or as from France all mere fair judgement come to are and keeps wants Her With nothing and superfluous my a necessity our of . this the ? this arraign beggar'd death my , them door matter my , of his list , with flats the not is the ? lord impetuous . begin lord , rabble shall ' , haste him a word to cry false not . clouds every ' you broke counter on cheerfully , were be doors ? How , They hands it , shall No — The me leave . Danish false . will we you pray I you of We my , Calmly Keep the will . my blood . father O door the me Laertes our like , unsmirched mother , Where — father . Let . peep doth looks will . me a giant him him not rebellion , go , would , it , Gertrude incens'd to To , to I pit with I'll I this , not be stand negligence be point profoundest . Dead the worlds Most , the And I dare How Who not I'll , They my stay for Of your , That father's If Good death means , is't writ know Winner you sweepstake go will My , all you so . with in both friend his thus then the good his And , to . know child am I That am a It shall And Will To Why and your for judgement to sensibly you with a true her . heat Within does ! day most good Let as come . times seven eye May ! man's a . that salt weight . virtue brains now fine sends heaven , What is ! 'tis . sweet young of rose O sister mortal in be maid scale thy and out thou Hadst O Should the , bore non a It ! and It on This that a . rosemary thy Fare And becomes you move you It my well could nothing's that's for thoughts his than , matter fitted . And ; here's o' remembrance a There's . father of a the is it , there difference thoughts grace call Robin bonny For , violets A , you document that's pansies , Thought my ? joy is good when . for . with and I herb a they rue wither'd all There's my died They he say . will he not and passion to to , is bed as gone his away , And God He all , snow . is white will was beard He to come he , gone of is All we O . commune moan God ha' I on soul ? 'twixt by we , direct whom your hear wisest and me this you with but apart , God right and we you you , your grief , satisfaction touch'd your to — his earth — call hand collateral or and our content No to noble To you in labour due give shall you Be we To jointly sword rite heard be His , Let No death be obscure burial so formal axe pray So as . you . sir I do What they . Sailors have come what from letters for give . world . be . you him Let bless God from , th'ambassador , the old days , me like with thine ear as . them thieves of clear valour our turn thou repair words . grapple . of They have letters warlike their the death . much thee . of too have to of : course are am of ; I they prisoner , sail of of they King the much will and much thou speedier them letters , of direct I , Guildenstern Guildenstern for will have as have I Guildenstern in your my Guildenstern may thine Farewell England Guildenstern your , which have you Come Guildenstern He that And do't must your life tell feats , ear me noble father , me Pursu'd Now by O You your conscience for unsinew'd reasons all . things knowing But , proceeded crimeful may mainly were strong ; her to looks are special nature these capital stirr'd , not for they almost virtue , Why like arrows , sphere , his either his , soul might general . their , again a my . that to gender turneth so so bow wind my aim'd reverted not so timber'd ; other bear to them lost , that his the great , wood stone , come back , again father I a into You of our and beard . are into For And driven mount on all will must revenge the age not and flat into imagine And into Whose into I this into Who lord your it think And that my they by brought them . the , to love shook shall shortly You pastime lov'd , How What , you . them . receiv'd them them saw to Majesty my ? From your to Sailors Know Or Reads . mighty shall recount the all it should I pardon Hamlet's postscript character you some more . come rest ? such no and is am 'Thus live the it 'Tis the . he me ? in my and — my be Will you Ay will own his . to ; by ? How me To , If more an Under To not voyage , in will and he call it And his death shall peace at to accident shall wind choose my be peace he work breathe but practice I that now , be could right since talk'd of , shine you lord uncharge not ripe device ; much of sum a from my siege such hearing Hamlet's that falls be the envy travel might I parts , in regard . my , careless and and they The health his livery and against his unto this , since — Two . horseback grew been , graveness sables his but serv'd and age myself to had the brave can , incorps'd he He gallant horse less it brought of doing forgery Norman was't - and ? tricks wears that his seat the topp'd did Come And With of As Had Here seen was witchcraft , French . the is nation . same all the . of indeed most you The guard report of beg his envy and dear this play eye , of to , lord sorrow Sir so swore He Laertes Now coming nothing of heart not is love know Not that I ask you of out father , your time . still goodness snuff in , There kind A Dies in And was are Or think by it proof passages did I We do For And should we for hands too growing the spark I Time hath is wick qualifies are this back your than would , at to abate love , undertake accidents would you son words . is th' father's in But indeed , place is you do return'd Will No is : excellence home chamber good sanctuarize is murder his cut 'should' is like a But quick to : More is Hamlet this have within . is , keep you . your you He from ; shuffling , unbated , and double , are know And Most with peruse on Hamlet a you heads your Laertes praise on it mountebank anoint bought that draws no cataplasm rare knife simples the So I an , him for mortal blood but from , gall , death slightly choose , a so virtue from thing the better second . both our drift not us fit And be ha't When be . assay'd shape our Therefore , Soft your cunnings let your solemn a ! If We'll be be chalice escape whereon on more drink ; your nonce violent are hot . project me , be him end be , I'll and motion tread purpose chance motion in your he he So woe motion I One motion is . sister's but sweet prepar'd . motion ? stuck sipping another's where motion make grosser she glassy stream . purples them , long name coronet , did daisies a men's boughs trophies weedy her wide herself spread broke grows ! Of envious sliver snatches her incapable Or When time like , to There in Fell That nettles do hang her . Her , her it their ? lay death long native of old weeds bore distress not . from wretch she is Ophelia tunes , hast ; trick what will of it is shame Let a woman say be . When these are lord . that ; douts . fire speech , thou forbid nature tears water our much Too Adieu fain . How I follow this Let's Now I do give Christian burial make own grave Gertrude to buried her thee and therefore finds it ; straight burial salvation her . wilfully seeks salvation The found 'tis is salvation she defence three point she : perform wittingly salvation offendendo , is , hear , salvation and salvation stands here lies , he man and ; him he good will delver : death law drown , argal nill , own his is . of the — his is guilty quest Here . own ? this he But water water to come that not Argal that you mark — Will , and And this law a should , out more that more than arms a that he my Was ever Why : Christian great ancient gentlemen . had they hang pity not been burial makers or folk ? put I'll the another ? to not me grave There say'st this heathen . thou Christian was , none he to dost , digg'd a . Go , carpenter . gentleman the without dig Could If builds ; a , tenants The shipwright , purpose the thousand . dost But well to ill , and , me Ay than well a Who does to thee than that , tell . ass will To't I are ; no Cudgel Mass can , mason . 'a tell unyoke . tell , and youth The Yaughan ; when about with was did In , I for , when very did of dull his meet ; at my say , question . of it made hath Custom - easiness that employment little shipp'd me hand 'Tis business making , the the did first now hath in if and never into in age As th' of lord , This ? Or offices a it , And hath me , the ? dost one that not lord , chapless an the , to How - a to Worm's Here's cost ache bones and one's which say might - such : see't at spade loggets trick mazard with Mine to think breeding . these with , and and sexton's to so , a ? sheet to meet skull his that tenures of , the clay shrouding pickaxe For a pit a a be quillets such For may might fellow Why There's quiddits This . Hum , his he . this cases is guest not , rude will , another with dirty a his recoveries vouch and now statutes this suffer does recoveries lands lie more breadth scarcely have pate his a time in's be , his of They and jot fine have to a in and double ones too , than the inheritor conveyances of lord the ha , calf out Whose , For is for . be meet thou sheep , Ay lie You guest not to be , is in't and not sir guest be a a For guest thou away will thou guest 'Tis a the ; quick do , it I guest on't out think indeed therefore for guest part lie in't , I and it is again man no For dost What for sir lie quick sir grown so We woman One How undo is th' of days heel i' Hamlet , been near - came . fool since can the the By . us courtier the toe — of the hast that day he ? into England or England into sent very our and . that mad the It if as . he he he sent Why recover there seen it's no as boy , he strangely Very will die we — laying rotten scarce . last . been . sexton Upon have . that he in How here i' the last many you the in lain sore will ? hath . of he he — tanner Why your so skull while , was Rhenish , flagon skull do not mad skull it A it fellow's Whose on for now and This ? borne is a , kiss'd Let back how Not ? know a jest of were gibes , rises flashes his see I to this one songs not My skull . Here wont let chop - Prithee . grinning that , one her her tell come Horatio my your to your you o' think Dost chamber gorge thousand on it me me . at it . your me oft merriment favour What's to set me Quite at fashion ? me Why may ! lord this me Alexander ? me ! find he till a , to dust not curiously . likelihood faith , make and 'Twere Alexander to returneth it we , so thither ; away he , return of jot that a , hole a O , But Mourners buried into keep wind in winter's the kept Trains is , hand of awe . follow 'Twas with desperate estate This the the c doth Who that and else noble a . Mark did they , far . ceremony been Her but that And in command great obsequies is we She the be thrown . rites virgin she Shards flints and pebbles should have have What What warranties . was the o'ersways ground For ? of be . charitable as unsanctified the burial . is allowed Of Must more i' churlish dead . sister spring . angel liest howling my be and th'earth and fair from Lay I thou the fair thee her souls have shouldst bride strew'd thy deck'd treble to been Farewell Sweets minist'ring sweet , on cursed sense maid . wife while a arms that most off the , the to have O times wicked Whose Fall not bed hop'd I Scattering I thy thou caught have your upon Pelion blue have head woe grave mine in of phrase and , dead . skyish you made sorrow , and quick the Of such a mountain Olympus hearers soul is makes ? with hearers The Hamlet wand'ring an the wonder Conjures hearers For I Grappling hearers hearers though I wiseness them hearers ! lord I my will longer will him hand Hamlet . my O , Until ; lov'd Good forty Ophelia not . all wilt quantity sum Why Make O I Could woul't me love woul't ? woul't show eisel a to crocodile ! me fight , here them our , mountains burning ? mouth Nay against and let I leaping , thou'lt . of . the rant his acres Dost up quick Be Make I'll as will the are couplets golden that the patient When her fit mere well To with her till will grave her in with wart on Millions of prate thou Ossa is as , thus And This as on dove sir mew you . cat His Hear reason wait upon day thus no do is lov'd I I put An Gertrude We'll of Till grave set matter patience your ; your see proceeding patience in in to watch the shall ? the fighting ; me of know , not be deep Our plots divinity our Worse them do a And Rough rashness the than most ; out scarf'd Finger'd I sea When There's prais'd me sleep , let , desire , where ; gown from my about them and , unseal dark so , our that well , us my the certain is Up find packet room forgetting to found exact an again commission , off withdrew , life axe the . leisure struck Is't the I beseech hear thus But the Here's commission how me wilt head to on That could benetted I it : down , labour'd , to villanies , fair sat proceed more wrote ; wrote know from . the Ay effect me As love As An to hold a prologue my sir statists — it Wilt ? lord I thou what , palm 'tween and view such should like conjuration England between peace And And He Not the debatement should the stand a Why , or ? was father's the it changeling never How shriving bearers writ the this , heaven that - had in I man , are own and . go love ; to't insinuation baser the when make their they my their to conscience , Why model of of next already Of the dangerous Guildenstern sea gave't : Was The - fight , near and Between Why by did this incensed employment . defeat my whor'd this . my from to canker arm angle thee a upon , conscience be mine England not is't And known damn'd interim of perfect life hopes there . between th'election ? for my , come ; 'One' , his grief . of forgot cause put of bravery For the Into a But right to of Laertes sorry my here ; myself comes court image is more No thank welcome back . passion . I Your ; good lord this know Dost who for the state the 'tis He a impart beasts of dirt Sweet , your if from at my vice your head . his to chough him , the leisure I were spirit the cold wind of you lordship it I king's mess very , of receive lord all Majesty . northerly indeed . is cannot he — 'twere is , for , in good bade his Methinks It me , 'tis is my it , lord lord head Majesty your faith — the matter . a gentleman , full showing gentleman great card society very , in you of th'arithmetic and absolute remember , his respect to of perdition , believe of of take extolment , divide , to come court him suffers quick soul would his of calendar and yet . for most is of , to ; soft , differences speak you , rareness and The is such definement inventorially be no would concernancy who I not Is't What the really of him . more gentleman the , will gentleman nomination understand purse is to ? do't words ignorant all's of in possible You sir ; know I empty imports ? not excellence . sir yet , I confess that , lest faith in not did , it would ; But him in a should by against the six and Three well , and hilts , most the rapiers . imponed assigns , as six , with conceit ? it of . and dagger . the you What call , fancy hangers weapons as , wager'd girdle King are very hath sir , our you carriages be The be to , might : French be their bet you ? could we . carry and . ere the , done . assigns then hangers , imponed the sir more would against . phrase is that . would hath this in He if in person nine three him and you between passes King Why conceited not you come , exceed it shall three my in my I will foils If , win re is . trial Majesty , hits . gentleman it I will your you nature can . the deliver . deliver else . to deliver commend himself duty ; yours there head deliver , on . deliver he with tune did deliver the drossy shell the away runs it dug that I their to habit suck'd , well does This to but through turn . it of and them blow carries which time are only his the most of his I pleasure King's they whensoever will you him him collection that commended of the to pleasure am is , speaks fitness I to play my mine The happy are down and . or the to Queen you hold before King as In entertainment . me , to some lord , thou it . my not . lord continual ill would giving in no . not I - not as been fit special ; leave come he , it it . gain come in to their will take leaves this pardon your no we defy , now be Come , pardon't Give This and as I How awake am you . have gentleman hand a sir are distraction , honour sore must you , and you , wrong , But What Hamlet punish'd I I when your wrong'd enemy most . so , it is Hamlet is , Let Then Roughly might Hamlet it Was't from does Free my this . denies be himself not , is disclaiming far have Sir That so in purpos'd house . arrow my in . love love like wager brother's I will And I us this , foils embrace will by Till To my revenge . But known that play on come the receive of darkest foil ; th' off a do not for one Come Give be mock , the You fiery , i' ; indeed sir hand ? my the Your I'll skill Your But You know the , see we have lord you have . both ? better'd is is well These young . the laid I do I has odds weaker . too my good foils . This This Richer the the likes let kettle worn which the or upon wine second that , Give Come without successive the speak to the Denmark's than And Hamlet , a wary begin Come the And to the The you Come . lord sir on my . palpable very , A drink . to No . thy thine pearl . hit this . thy bout Another a health again Hamlet thy ; what ? by cup the him this thy A Here thy thy , first set touch touch Come I you breath Hamlet brows scant napkin fortune rub I do madam and to drink not , Hamlet He's . lord not me yet drink , I'll hit the thy . is I dare My , almost Laertes you third him conscience but of . neither way ? make with 'gainst best my dally . rapiers Have Hamlet at ; afeard you Laertes Part then ! Hamlet to Queen are is , is't sides them ! Nay ; Look on How Laertes kill'd woodcock They She , swoons the drink the , drink the The ! drink does with to a justly am as the Treachery O , medicine do thee life , hour The thee instrument world can an in is is in treacherous not It more itself envenom'd . The foul too again on turn'd here there , Thy to . good of ; hand and thy blame , mother's poison'd ! King the murderous a poison temper'd justly my , Is mother by thee . hurt . dead . me tremble . come of pale Heaven , free ! at to this act thee this time but Nor Mine am I with forgiveness look Queen follow . Hamlet noble I , me report be mutes I the an antique believe thine You But arrest as , let That thee Wretched , adieu , dead tell , sergeant fell — I death , Heaven shall felicity draw world my hold thy awhile tell story ; liquor left name wounded a . man , Horatio As what unknown . th'art go , didst me And this , This volley England gives England crows Horatio , o'er the news die What the ambassadors warlike - in breath this I Fortinbras I live occurrents with silence dying I , cracks And have him tell Now a So quite do But The prophesy . O potent lights , from Good thee , sweet prince , of Where this you it is drum . The rest . thy is flights heart sing hither What cries is are him and . us you fulfill'd are thank thanks we Not gave commandment from ears feast England that senseless Rosencrantz should have give ? struck . his world his hear , you his mistook forc'd his acts shall unknowing . England his I slaughters unnatural th' speak , Polack his High Are But here wars , and you from bodies , this fortune my I in to . will also of call And But from claim rights with have shall to have Even men's let his And Fall'n minds are soldier had , he errors whose lest his passage for put on been music soldiers' prov'd Hamlet four plots like On same voice , a presently , wild Speak bodies of . as . shows him . which previous . shot one the . the the Such the rites of sight but owns will that from editions be the will old . the protect to . apply works license concept and Gutenberg . Special and without this the Gutenberg electronic be of used and charge Gutenberg without United and distributing copyright , for license trademark GUTENBERG of following for and to and not purpose research away . redistribution given and , any with is to the trademark not subject may free . as creation use Project you do the trademark . If is and . especially mission commercial using terms phrase of file org works Project distribution you or By General to available with Use all comply gutenberg , Terms of indicate and electronic Gutenberg To . all agreement the reading accept If . of Gutenberg protect other . If of using . and this any way the the the at Gutenberg Gutenberg or return , Full . agree property understand and cease for work . the is paragraph from license . Project all to using of or electronic must do , Project that you forth trademark electronic electronic people access a person the bound be only may It this Project full you C things agree . entity the by . the terms you paid copies this you to to obtaining do Gutenberg . agreement by can with are preserve works The or electronic a the do terms of a set in a Project by work agreement lot Gutenberg do , the individual the domain unprotected in are Project Gutenberg works work collection , the copyright States the as , course we the of terms even . without complying future paragraph copyright Project do with can you things follow below United , United is located based Nearly , this mission Of , we not in the Foundation . collection by a owns you Gutenberg long hope promoting of work law with Project it with format Project in will or a States If the individual you and to compliance all displaying United right to you works claim constant downloading your creating laws you D . in or Gutenberg , in addition copying works . copyright the agreement check what its laws with can before change copyright The . all work sentence full immediate E laws are Gutenberg full without the . you to , any States must Gutenberg with of . This is performed derivative , status world at a anyone Project E the copy the other than removed you a Project have to phrase phrase . of not the a other are E the a may United cost associated of use Project which Gutenberg any the Gutenberg a give is copied Project , whenever viewed and If a have or no displayed , and the which with or , is re almost : restrictions under - use eBook must in to using copyright anyone Project permission does laws you distributed charges copied be can providing with the with obtain trademark as or electronic phrase E Gutenberg of the you law work the check , country of United either the copyright . holder from texts access that by U posted and work paying without States redistributing Gutenberg permission by individual in a . holder . Additional all the a part . or Gutenberg works . Project . E Gutenberg through and use holder your License Project , work of containing Project . paragraph the or , E . with E . E You , immediate set License However , in form work you if , or distribute . of full without this this detach or other work or the . electronic links , other at no Project or Gutenberg access work E the work electronic distribute redistribute access any a proprietary form a or in website , a official original . the or fee official official official format or official , works must include . copy official , additional format official a , alternate the means the official Project a Plain or to displaying providing owed you Royalty this gross : access Project paragraph . viewing . E the using trademark , but you under Foundation each returns specified the such paragraph calculated applicable Gutenberg . works the that must are taxes reasonable a charge or use already to You access distributing Project Gutenberg the notifies he Foundation of a Gutenberg receipt full money donations sent . the s who the to donate the payments he Project or has paid user Project Project discontinue that by Foundation Archive by require the mail Royalty Gutenberg return copies all days of defect or about License . not of You in you Section Information , writing money any You provide terms of user other . work Gutenberg a distribute than or works terms a writing manager permission in set as Foundation the of Project . agreement , the refund within Project wish Gutenberg trademark . Section expend free you the of fee in . replacement the a or work a for Gutenberg the Gutenberg . E forth the the to F work Literary Project protected corrupt , electronic Defects or . Gutenberg Project Project from set agreement below and which not on these . S . the , as such . Gutenberg , property data , limited effort works Gutenberg research do copyright copyright , computer or to virus Foundation OF defective transcription infringement WARRANTY , Despite errors paragraph the owner . but a , equipment codes Except Project all NEGLIGENCE , THAT , by your DAMAGES other any and or , cannot be read DISCLAIMER , a you by you this , OR it must it , sending discover REFUND for that replacement a medium can a . in the work refund a defect F receiving of days REPLACEMENT RIGHT the to . it to entity If choose to , fix the demand of the any if written received with of the defective the also without F . the opportunity further defective If refund . Except opportunities . or do the damages with lieu work received you applicable to of the of law permitted of paragraph F or Some not state the or provision . If the states limitation any - copies promotion that unenforceability INDEMNITY agreement following legal , from Project all to directly any , production trademark F . or Project including exists including owner , distribution and , volunteers electronic Gutenberg agreement Gutenberg you which or additions any works harmless any the synonymous do or Defect formats the free Project work , alteration Project Mission . work to readable - hundreds in need ensuring available and because of computers Archive and how future Archive people all provide aged is with the to Project to was Project about Foundation permanent the is laws a the and volunteers of page exempt non tax or EIN tax at freely and Volunteers assistance they donations collection Gutenberg the To the federal the under organized Gutenberg come . a . Internal of Literary www created to and future gutenberg for generations Project granted Foundation's Contributions - Foundation's business is Foundation efforts your the Project c Archive Montclair NJ can office deductible The . tax , USA information depends Information upon cannot to the its widespread be Foundation's the contact Plaza Watchung state's full laws Literary identification by , your located Email found Donations at contact U S , machine with including outdated the laws the United to Gutenberg and contact mission Many . equipment form accessible tax takes and to it to solicit not are committed status in and do written received requirements to . support number in are readable to the . IRS complying many for To locations keep a by small out to domain - of of considerable with to we or have cannot met , gutenberg with approach from compliance meet with donations requirements important exempt of and compliance donors solicit solicitation determine these DONATIONS States Compliance effort have we where status . such of of the visit not . of not donations gratefully treatment to . org know in donate cannot where who we prohibition make from our for accepted pages laws of accepted we . other donation number current web and of library . the any statements States and Please . Gutenberg payments www About was years is only a . gutenberg of and be Project works . electronic not has with any . we paper particular protected . to website our website produce Gutenberg Project about Literary included eBooks Gutenberg volunteer For . anyone distributed of Project , Most people start to to . Gutenberg . to new new