unfold and . now struck me , answer Stand ? upon , Francisco , to ? 'Tis bed . thee bitter relief much I thanks , is there haste make night , The you night the to Give farewell , liegemen honest place Holla , soldier . Barnardo there . Marcellus him of piece A what , What let take Horatio ! good . Horatio . Welcome , this Therefore I entreated him fantasy our , the again our not seen nothing minutes apparition speak awhile assail seen , ears , down tush , let And He eyes once we Well us let yond And When What are That fortified nights against have again our your — and pole speak this of heaven King . In same thee off , figure scholar art not the like a Thou the Look The part comes , myself it speak ? me would It It spoke Horatio Looks it harrows be to to it , wonder fear Mark it , of buried warlike of and it that it thee form Denmark charge ! night speak . time usurp'st the and this By march which thou ? You more , gone Is Before ! What think you ! away I I sensible not it ! the Is King the thou As ! avouch this might not and very was he th'ambitious what twice martial scope work by at In our eruption to gone jump hath an Norway and stalk Thus He frown'd Such With . state , the dead our watch . my I he , before This in the down toward shipwrights daily foreign And Why Does What Doth now But , some why such impress of the that make might the you the At , Thereto Well side ; in most world a and law by slay so prick'd Whose , our seiz'd which heraldry appear'd so goes That can Our Hamlet him , valiant , Norway us the to Fortinbras as of vanquisher , forfeit the Hamlet To this to hath For Shark'd Of he been carriage Now skirts Norway lawless here , no , hand state full , enterprise resolutes by his As main of our the , our motive And unto to , and , young Fortinbras cov'nant same the article unimproved And the sir of and stomach recover the it be watch , and the this but in , is which well father compulsatory rummage : I preparations this it , the these head lost Of So by it may Comes I A In Well was Did in whose Was stars with Disasters high and of trains squeak the palmy trouble is That gibber graves and most mote little and sun influence Upon Neptune's the to mightiest stood As prologue And harbingers and omen on demonstrated earth it it behold preceding the countrymen and , soft our the where . Stay , star fierce still climatures to Lo though heaven may If I'll thou Which ! thy to , art ! to good thee to there it cross , thou If If Or hast spirits and thy in ! of , Shall I speak ease do it . you treasure they Speak happily Extorted if , at it my 'Tis 'Tis To wrong We Do strike ! it if not here will stand 'Tis do And started have , the and , mockery throat , earth shrill cock . guilty the crew thing , air warning the spirit season comes strike , cock that birth object made the or morn to ; lofty with the Doth hallow'd I And in Th'extravagant and And the on . erring of truth herein 'gainst then nor are our ever singeth no hill life believe power to him it , will acquaint speak with duty him Let's Walks , morn in part . I , him shall we we Break our watch dumb consent needful do't The memory our yet Lords Voltemand our nature whole conveniently death of our . woe that one sorrow sister to jointress and one With Therefore mirth With we Together That to in as auspicious 'twere with one with nor wisdoms wife scale , be , in hearts green far sometime Th'imperial we our be discretion of equal Taken so Yet Our supposal dear of dream by and out Fortinbras gone , death worth thanks , law , lands those us of message for of , So this : have with bonds , meeting him time . for Who , and of we hears , of : writ to that , made the allow more suppress here Fortinbras , greeting this Of To all that and doubt nothing it and And now You us , you your . than here dispatch , scope duty these ; Farewell let the no further ? Laertes , heart thy thou offer my be You We your things news wouldst , Laertes , of your lose and CORNELIUS the not the to thy beg ? Laertes . Denmark France came toward and pardon , What the voice The Than Dread The That is have instrumental To , gracious in and ? in ? in last my What . in France . in , them bow my lord I beseech his By thoughts and in And your to seal'd . sun ? to go Laertes , on ! thine be . will at ; my and time leave must dust thy son than hang nighted , Denmark lids friend like ever for through in know'st Ay it eye lord , the you much off cast not thine Good Do Seek seems Nay , solemn suits mother , black know seems die , eternity not fruitful dejected the Nor , all , truly actions are That they have within and denote me suits play might passeth that a of show , Hamlet , of indeed lost , man These visage , seem grief your father persevere bound which and These A a . mind ; grief a . condolement stubbornness To you , obsequious 'Tis sweet these commendable duties to your a term to 'Tis for , nature fault peevish our , Fie we most must be opposition , pray you throw cried a 'tis , ' and he for the of corse woe let and take note earth to us nobility , We whose common as still hath theme think , absurd fathers 'This Is From against heaven , throne love world of died to today , to remain eye intent our For retrograde most going to our , comfort and , courtier cheer go and prayers cousin you , beseech mother not to , lose son . son bears his father dearest which that Than I 'tis ourself gentle and in loving . my rouse health best with thy Why , all Denmark unforc'd of today , accord her Wittenberg . Hamlet grace thunder solid itself , too resolve Sits a fair ! again into slaughter . flat the Everlasting uses ! 'tis unprofitable shall clouds earthly heart . flesh would , on't Fie 'gainst the should an garden come and of to not , much rank , God ! not gross , Oh me that fie self canon His dead That it so not satyr a — things all ! merely months But As little it fed she A ! Niobe A me Let By Like — discourse ! him is grown and winds the beteem on on't , married she were body , tears unrighteous no ; the Had Would O mourn'd I , which , followed — wants more . speed wicked With is , salt to must my father eyes good . month like mine most nor married But break It Ere left the Hercules dexterity flushing such not O it incestuous galled post , Within her in to to cannot sheets my : well myself tongue ! most you lordship come for hold I , good name that change in very my good Sir your I'll what And same you My make ? with friend Horatio sir — even you disposition to what But am I what . it you not my . from . lord so say that are your my ear own you of enemy Good . in deep drink do , mother's it not mock , lord think , my I to you . it my , to prithee Against My Thrift I Horatio forth my seen I see my lord ? mind's , met follow'd foe dearest was ! bak'd furnish coldly , hard king , eye father . for ; him look Who My once him a was my my all all goodly . Horatio in . may him saw take . yesternight while for of witness attent Season The lord the ? your King , an With King Upon For Marcellus nights and thus Goes and before and : stately encounter'd By Appears let gentlemen , these me God's Barnardo Armed Been exactly , to night secrecy word had the they , thing as with truncheon's and not oppress'd And Where with . are where comes each third dreadful both your ? good time in kept they - by surprised ; speak knew did . whilst them this . watch : I speak it ; none My was head it up lifted was not where I hands apparition the of My Did you was was the more like , But answer was lord morning cock crew loud , sight haste was away honour'd our it yet as , in was and did in let very you live 'Tis 'tis . know writ lord it , this but down tonight of . duty ; me To , sirs did you Arm'd my MARCELLUS Hold , think you his to Both do Indeed , lord ? lord . From My saw my , lord top , say . my ? from wore , beaver ? face to foot yes O he A ? than he not his frowningly sorrow in Nay countenance , fix'd And Pale red . you like much I . Stay'd might , MARCELLUS like moderate a long . I saw't . it It Not It , While A walk 'twill I I , Longer . His as I silver'd have no in . again ; all you gape , should tonight this pray itself silence , the requite though hell hap in peace hold And assume it I'll If it be my you Give I Let And Upon I Your duty platform understanding . you will , them soul earth o'erwhelm : foul to All you honour . Farewell were eyes the do me is , favour ; sleep , you that you from of his give nature benefit , minute more crescent more so youth , a suppliance toy , primy of . sweet of but No in , and fashion perfume A it , For the does but of loves , own birth persons to is you doth you now ? not as Perhaps nature soil bulk withal inward and Think grow The wide Grows In For The is the in his which goes . further he ; depends you , open treasure . or , your therefore himself not ; for this be says is you your importunity my affection . songs place enough of dear your believe it Denmark ; far to ; sustain chaste his list desire calumnious beauty rear it sister , strokes the prodigal fear not her to dew of . lies be . of most liquid of of infants maid buttons , th'effect watchman As unmask : imminent spring the youth in none ungracious puff'd a the to shall Youth Do to , good are this rebels best safety . though But reckless and not O like primrose recks Whilst , blessing double a not . father . thorny heart some his stay , Laertes But is And too long a upon sits stay'd And Yet The you here Himself the wind character any thou . but thoughts . in thy , and his my no palm with , There , memory by with hoops means . There Beware in that - friends There are There Those Give Take There But There thou familiar new entrance Of Give thought of entertainment their act . tried vulgar soul thy hatch'd not unto a hast , Grapple Of Bear't every each Costly express'd in they And Are This And not canst Farewell Thou must : to thine edge nor and the proclaims rich thy , can thy voice : gaudy reserve both in ; be lender rank best thy habit as both and chief generous ; man that . man ; friend own the both . both the to this season blessing ; have you Ophelia take leave , both go invites The above : I . the to both you servants my false , my well your both What 'Tis you Farewell , Ophelia memory my is't So , I in hath And yourself . and ; hath well touching to You that Have , me your 'Tis most — audience time Lord . you of Hamlet you , What hath Of his is of you been Marry understand daughter me up truth me and oft free . me call green for I should baby sterling Marry , not — Or you not thus the , me you'll tenders think yourself . girl ; fool dearly phrase . with of — ta'en you as ; these I'll know believe do , poor a . In My , he , With Ay the , given to holy burns to hath more their Even fashion lord to you springes promise entreatments command something not the Be scanter Giving must Set Than in the his . woodcocks I both maiden this , know do blazes . these Hamlet , a is a In of and for few may ; beguile mere larger him . For From extinct that given You a to take in tether , are , brokers is young , forth from . or , obey charge any cold you is I words give to't The bites you eager . you ways Hamlet this the with talk you so I to Have As you you ; very twelve you air you you I the a is think and ? hour No lacks It Indeed does tonight his and upspring . near season walk , down ; reels my mean takes swaggering draughts the thus , spirit not The Wherein wake he drum drains kettle to honour'd More And and headed , other in heavy This traduc'd They Makes the mind a though Ay Is I born , marry is't . bray Rhenish out , here nations swinish takes , height . attribute with o'erleavens guilty his some habit their The our clepe , marrow and of and addition mole achievements ; though of particular perform'd , pith So oft , of — Fortune's or , pales cannot vicious in they too that of stamp these defect , doubt substance dram lord form Or by some Oft breaking I Being of say livery — infinite else Nature's plausive as the Carrying His Doth my of health from damn'd ! us evil , pure , own scandal . death in the , marble inurn'd but thee me , jaws Hamlet ! I'll a in to royal burst canoniz'd me father com'st such or Thou , not bones , ignorance . or or grace Be spirit thee Let Have his in Dane Wherein op'd up corse ; hearsed O . intents thy speak saw thee quietly , Hath thus the again hideous dead of and thy Why cast That Making Say With this beyond to , thee Revisit'st the Wherefore to it if As So thoughts night why It waves Look But To some impartment a to do , then . it will . with what more with not courteous means no ; set not , should what my not will Why do immortal you by I follow fee , lord ? sea of madness very And beetles deprive your brain to of horrible o'er his you That And It me toys some might Which And so motive , roar desperation it , into assume the dreadful base sovereignty . reason form . every my still shall go hands you not cries , not , I'll thee . gentlemen . this , nerve lion's . in me . make am ! heaven I'll He say Be makes And rul'd petty lets . thus fit . to what after Let's . obey him . I'll of on By Unhand thee of Denmark him . follow . wilt thou lead me ? Speak To the rotten Have Nay . in Heaven , My let's follow I up poor Must to is and ghost render , thy ! will . I sulph'rous will will will will flames tormenting I I Doom'd Speak thou will me not Alas , To So but ? to confin'd certain thy father's done am I harrow up Are the could and secrets thy I tell Till eyes knotted part tale unfold But in term What , days - house in walk night fires be ; blood porpentine not list father thou ; ears ; his this But To ; foul ! Murder most . young from locks thy blood each Like If , particular the blazon stand end , love and , the unnatural it unnatural best wings love murder strange , God O most foul , in dear . sleeping on the I , than . Denmark hear as swift of wharf that serpent Rankly May sweep to be ease this that I me by Is 'Tis thou stir a not out ; serpent given The stung but Now abus'd prophetic soul , father's youth ! uncle my know wears forged , of process his thy , the uncle even was power , vow lust uncle uncle Mine my ! a uncle love hand as a it wretch made The O From , uncle and that That it , whose was seeming won gifts wit to me hand uncle , incestuous of , Ay I — Upon a But , though to falling my seduce wicked So mine whose in those Though lust Will methinks prey itself in natural marriage in to of me a what , virtue So on in court But Brief . be garbage the stole effect pour ; posset doth the courses of man through milk into ears my hebenon hour secure With sate custom let my in And Upon juice The of the gates porches an such swift Holds as natural leperous with That a enmity it with instant sudden and quicksilver with , horrible With Unhous'led , in life And Cut , I All like a And thin lazar The most my of crown sleeping , once unanel'd off If Of A Let No even my O But thy mother the adieu contrive , once me pale shows . that matin , all host I , you And And couple 'gins - glow Against howsoever those to Taint O saws books , I'll Ay All youth away table all ghost up grow O , while , you Adieu of sinews , hell my me poor from the globe . my memory a my , old ! heaven ? thee holds Remember pressures , shall , down be and copied wipe commandment book baser And That of thy Within uncle , most Unmix'd villain and you have HORATIO is I , I adieu . ' lord . come Heaven ! my ho , Come noble , Hillo ho , What Good my lord you'll , it it ! would heart I , No by . my secret MARCELLUS my . lord ? heaven villain a And Why I There hold , no right For is ; business that and and for and own Yes they sorry are These I'm Such as it every your as , but And is your honest to . me Give now , friends here , us , you . indeed lord my my , Upon Ha sworn Indeed have I thou so , you speak Beneath Then . ground . heard . swear to the Propose friends so . sword upon my have my gentlemen , sword fast . strange , mercy But , welcome , good is this a in in or therefore , earth wondrous give and . myself so philosophy come Horatio , be and if if to , could giving we they might' , do , not . to help never — meet , you , shake think hereafter shall me an such thus , of put encumber'd at , by of at grace you aught rest love poor do commend Let go man to you is note most : let's O it lips joint of out my I . and on love as was is ever , You him shall visit you will money Before I My lord said , very well did intend his him Reynaldo notes this do behaviour , Look Paris sir , they , inquiry , Reynaldo make it , keep nearer , my this his of , Reynaldo 'twere some my particular know very be and , I but mean and there none rank ; wild him , very lord . friends and mark and encompassment know demands son — in As in 'And forgeries part you may that so , far would You may . and , and him so known . most and heed of wild and and usual slips , and noted my and lord fencing go , the so charge , in it his ; and ; a taints scandal to the fiery of and outbreak meaning not A That they , dishonour . on ? that know , you do lord — incontinency but But should believe As 'twere And laying my Wherefore lord assault my Of You I Marry sir it in Having party ever a you him of drift would little Mark breathe ; or closes youth in this 'friend or man , my to , country ' consequence lord this you guilty the th' i' soil'd , you or and of the does phrase sir , was to Very He I What , At , mass By the He At good say something and I he Where say about consequence , out now — 'gentleman the 'I there falsehood bait With By indirections do him a of brothel , we and takes , former my You find and of sale' you ; truth of of out directions with by God I you , lord My have have bias , yourself my . music lord ply , Well And let matter I unbrac'd chamber , affrighted so . been all doublet in ? do purport of before . not , head his each me ? thy been his - down shirt he and Pale lord My took goes he by he would to other to for horrors love truly he and wrist of What the length hard ; me all o'er stay'd piteous shoulder turn'd mine down , brow arm my held . so face waving draw — so little a . rais'd a head did sigh thrice it . being . seem seem'd And He For to o' . his And He end . to me bulk profound and all his help , me . go eyes lets . itself of go , their on fordoes to any our you me denied and judgement heed , trifle and mad . of am but letters words under sorry heaven , command did as his access made thee it common , being the our move King . age the , our younger to might in fear'd I ourselves to But , go . him . wreck seems it to To beyond is utter kept sort close we opinions have call inward it that should ; you we hasty Our nor that was th'exterior transformation have to use did Guildenstern to hath put , man , him , humour with up in gather and him , him , court by to days and our companies thus occasion glean you to on him little vouchsafe your occasion remedy not are , more occasion your If within lies he two unknown us am with gentry . so occasion shall such our us time much receive remembrance . awhile of occasion living you occasion talk'd . of , occasion profit supply For Your , Both power majesties occasion adheres I As Put by give your the more bent your . full command of a thanks us feet the , Guildenstern commanded at And Thanks To lay Thanks practices Hamlet of , you our . Ay our helpful , Are Norway . news from I , my lord make amen presence and hold Have And I my duty ? joyfully return'd the hast , soul good good , hold this sure have I lunacy found , my gracious liege . my I of policy that — do to so my to and God . no it source that them bring son's the hath main friends my Say . be the fruit feast great that and head doubt I my of His The , me tells He all marriage sift him Norway desires appear'd suppress and to ; truly out to the Polack . your in more obeys and , in ; his arms , those against overcome three his commission of rebuke And So thousand employ fee fine to give soldiers Majesty pass give this safety set regards , herein you to and , Polack enterprise allowance , against well time this business : think , On and likes night is expostulate . ended , should day is night be and your is we'll us upon home for more Answer we your rest , thank night , what madam well night noble waste business This , What My Why I call tediousness brief be to define mad wit of day to and time time . time , true and , the brevity for But but I the since it ; limbs outward son else no art cause him , swear , mad it 'tis is matter More that to let with I , less art , And will . true use true pity . figure art . 'tis , foolish — have surmise mark is . no of cause I use , vile have shall but a my and celestial in this Or For have have I an ill from phrase have the have To have Doubt truth never thou dear , But Came , Thine most . love be to at best . most am I that in they As All by , hath how But my This , I my And out man my my my Before my I my When my Or Or I I What If must 'Lord As perceiv'd it my dear play'd young messengers be is look'd given Or you had might This That done , into Admit , repulsed watch thence then into declension — round from receive a by this raves , to short he tokens of a fast weakness this now we think a said , be I'd . that know , ' ? wherein madness , if . such 'tis wail , time prov'd know otherwise be were further . though lead from If that this Not I , hid indeed may sometimes in time behind , hours four try , indeed arras my him . to love encounter Be be and a Mark At I'll If reason and farm a try will We keep be you he So he . he a her then loose from me assistant comes me leave . reading away . thereon not no carters Hamlet give . fishmonger are lord , I my You were well Do Well does How , my lord picked one a honest man . my , is . lord a to being kissing blessing look . you her How not . he as Yet — maggots by first truly that And at carrion , far my lord read love daughter , harping — lord my Between who do much . youth ? Aside conceive I , matter words to he say me I'll not Words the the faces For ; with potently you plum yourself , I is slave backward , if crab slave slave it method — you slave and set like down slave his and and reason slave my I him happiness , Indeed My will that the Into of the ? as not , How Aside on grave madness of hits and will , between take my air be my is ! not so , sanity could suddenly contrive that A are You except my life means the , These except you , cannot You withal To My dear lord you God Polonius . My My ! good Rosencrantz lads dost lord ! favours middle ? of her is strumpet question . Let more hands honest me the that , What Fortune that Then that one ; which many and that at grown but . Then not that lord , true friends that you are . one is sends bad mind I Why then 'tis Denmark confines , dungeons dream bad dreams . very I ; me there th' your nutshell ; myself a nothing lord or . is substance none thinking , then makes so . To count it infinite could be bounded in a dreams , were Which , is are Truly and . ROSENCRANTZ and court For fay monarchs shadow shadow's th' . what most rest you at attended am upon GUILDENSTERN . and my Elsinore my outstretch'd heroes , so our reason wait occasion halfpenny ; not Were a it . And you servants sent , say , Come . should we Is in inclining , even poor lord What , But the ? were and , You good I . of to a sent nay modesties ; and speak visitation free my purpose which the let , To what me our conjure the better proposer the by lord my end . know . your confession justly lord your looks Queen have of for sent sent hold , you off of were you What . say . sent love whether ? for we to ; and indeed know the why you wherefore King ; I , Queen my me earth secrecy and , this late frame canopy other mirth feather anticipation my shall the air , to goes , and so My eye an , your I seems than Man ? dust form by your of in to And . smiling was , though there , laugh lord angel , goodly a of piece in moving , man a golden me . thoughts not 'Man on way and , the . they from , coming you offer said my what — not Lenten Majesty delight welcome to . use shall end and his target you his man laugh whose , or freely humorous mind her . gratis king shall the those to take lungs if when , players hither think shall receive are his foil shall verse What knight , for't shall you comes by they profit delight the are say those they such it wont . in — the in late city ? means innovation . did is question , did them of ? top did that — quills - the wonted did they 'em dare call so ? to they did goose ? should they of Who common did clapped afraid tyrannically their are keeps most aerie pursue so of children endeavour berattle are the are quality no longer do controversy question . to the tarre to , like sin argument been much player was both no stages — common players they come scarce How their writers are sing ? on ? as — nation no the in holds on , money wrong it ; for went on do them — better own against them poet on has it ? while on on them to been carry on my uncle is not make philosophy could . and are There welcome Elsinore to the players . come . you comply you tell . deceived , lest But my this outward north . When the wind are , I ? like ceremony to , appear fashion more - ear each at , and north welcome are too yet his out from west with they old man is say . That southerly . for . 'twas it have news a you is there time me for : My Happily , them to players . child to comes baby the second he's he prophesy lord will I have to Buzz came Then The best pastoral either actor - cannot , honour . world - of be writ and comical , actors hither come Upon , the the , light only the , ass history , poem for treasure lord no and Why more , ' well , my he my , he call Jephthah he Am you he i' which The — he Jephthah a on Still loved he . that ? wot , more . was see . comes most , lot lord follows , row welcome good and The first , you thee . last . Com'st mistress piece welcome masters , of friends It ! are the pious are heard speak once play was if anything , I like you the , falconers . your to Denmark in me beard to . French like cracked chopine within ? never pleased with top , not others million as make it , as modesty excellent much remember I of received and . speech acted but , it my speech — in cried matters said but , very . he by cunning caviare , judgements the . the it the in in , play matter of , loved begin Pyrrhus lay he When his not so : let me sable Pyrrhus , Head to more heraldry now Black he did ominous smear'd resemble If . me — see in in arms foot in parching black , Priam's slaughter , and of it as It With is this , blood Hath rugged . couched total gules and fathers impasted lend That To , him , antique and good accent with Unequal , thus eyes their God my the and in lies Anon command , falls Seeming his to drives to Pyrrhus' , and For . this . Then of flaming sword , crash to his . fell milky Pyrrhus head with senseless match'd rage hideous lo seem'd th'air , against speechless , so and , death heavens ; sets , a pause dreadful anon him for eterne , fall Cyclops' work - after the rack the matter stood , and some often Did to his the in as storm below , still stand thunder orb hammers sword , bleeding and synod , armour On Now than remorse less With Break This beard , on . is ? to barber's Say mobled threat'ning loins fear for head , 'The ! queen' 'Mobled in her rheum . down up the lank good barefoot In saw his sword that burst she gods state seen , mortal with Fortune's , stood , clout the When 'Gainst this blanket of treason in venom pronounc'd sport — she all in the move of her see malicious husband's of heaven — limbs , made . then , in's , burning have The Unless where he will used After ; for death you report and no his you speak out tears and , a better , this colour things made And milch . well My lord have , will better you bad chronicles you of ? have brief well rest to have whipping deserve they , the more merit , have hear Dost have less 'scape , have I bodikin , Come Use every your . them desert honour friend some , speech Gonzago study down and The you play Murder a , set ? could for a need a in't would lord , and to welcome are I'll not insert look you my not . I . am alone I . you ; all suiting , wan'd , that nothing he cue that passion ? For conceit his here , passion conceit that that , free speech ; for that the appal and The that John Make the general ear horrid eyes of nothing and and can say - muddy faculties very Like - a whose And Upon and defeat was property . villain made my most No and Am not , damn'd off I Had That and That he As and Tweaks Plucks Ha ! me 'Swounds deep and A the nose beard and gives fatted I am make bitter should pigeon have . should slave's offal Bloody the , lack this ! or does me take liver'd region kites villain be cannot gall i' ? lie me ? a the in pate I it Who it for bawdy all by I I as But what the , like a the cunning , scullion - heaven and with words , heart hell soul that drab a ! Foh I have very , my unpack whore to fall a ! so I'll have my his ; these , heard players speak . cursing About They miraculous proclaim'd the guilty Been struck Have Play For With most murder the , Before tent know me damn . with melancholy spirits have play's such of the the , blench seen power hath devil , and conscience to The , weakness you can from Grating he all turbulent so harshly dangerous lunacy days And More With does from what confess forward to feels drift on his and puts no of of circumstance by him He do we find he aloof ? well state him bring he Did Nor a Of much forcing receive a Most with Did you , Madam We raught of Most in Niggard And of - And To And he beseech'd and matter your , pastime any on seem before him already have order court the edge much the see ; him so it entreat inclin'd and to , I This my hear his With hear To me him a give , We gentlemen all That he of ourselves , him encounter as frankly , he by bestow and myself for us . delights my lord , 'twere by their may We be be I Ophelia obey shall for And Of If't gather so Will th'affliction thus father Affront Her part your bring wildness : him Will Madam it . wish I Gracious suffers . his happy hope way the for wish his do your may . I , his beauties so his wonted cause his , on colour in , this Read . exercise To his blame sugar that are . you How The smart his Aside himself true helps , word most plastering it painted my to O the doth . o'er art question : outrageous to is heavy him hear Is is The arrows , be my more not Than be , slings 'tis nobler a we , die to — suffer lord my . the to shocks , dreams may , rub , come coil life respect . the so this what To death — a ay of that , sleep perchance we Must wrong That The makes give patient For whips . mortal the , of off and , love That bare No that undiscover'd returns country sweat and us The to And Than conscience we bear puzzles of fly , a life make takes unworthy his would something , dread he rather make With And makes But To Thus sicklied enterprises Be The lose And your , a orisons moment , them - of yours well ? now turn awry . deliver . right well have , you I you , you I re you prove aught know poor my not No longed I I for for As My honour'd them Take for for That for , be , for for of commerce ? admit , no honesty translate beauty honesty can now , gives from with time , beauty better will once it me , of for . cannot made you did a of than sometime the , truly likeness . This my , relish more deceived I proof thee a believed be me I of such proud , time very am beck shape them , or I of earth crawling none I give at thou I had but ; indifferent better ambitious with believe lord . to ? me things sinners have between Go may as of breeder . accuse could more to Where's mother , knaves home help O be Let ? are in's him . thou doors marry , men ; well , and O heavenly powers , him . thou monsters restore if what enough . wilt escape ! You well too thou thee give , snow plague , Or calumny dowry shalt you Farewell . them of and are , are Those . more God's another . no rest on't ; more creatures , face Go have no and nickname marriages noble , O to The courtier's , lisp shall have and live of mould That glass of most all ladies and mind as that , shall what , observers I'll they o'erthrown tongue , but say rose eye fair , youth is see a Th'observ'd T'have That and Th'expectancy what with form out of of , reason wretched down quite , a little , the , his sits for form lack'd There's , quick hatch brood to disclose prevent determination with neglected : to and something what on it melancholy in which though the that way soul England shall doubt danger countries he seas objects our And For Will set be Thus This the the variable settled . What in shall thus , puts his , on't heart expel different yet do think beating and shall The from neglected well do all . us But . love , Lord My it let all you , his be their so she , lord be , or find round with , entreat , the ear , not him , I of , tell do as the . him think ; grief show , must torrent had to players the tear , Nor it pronounced your as lines but , town temperance of the say may I a periwig spoke that hear very I to to most you whipped ears of it offends . and a groundlings Termagant to passion shows dumb It . own fellow you with of the . Herod capable it give robustious to split of . modesty your of hold as the playing your avoid but . for o'erdoing the . it Herods would a the the to Pray special be action honour make allowance it have that not nor the I age the your in cannot this whose discretion , your tutor word image laugh there be players but for ; nature speak that , one that of Christians which , highly and — and have made , and , and , the the , reform'd that those . down is the to set it than though , considered reform imitated so with clowns will that to ambition play pitiful make lord ? you my piece us of the a , and presently of this How Queen Bid hear now Will for villainous some on them in the to be in too that uses the and will you the too ? Horatio lord cop'd from ; pomp , thy the flatter'd revenue no sweet as just a art thou e'er Since thrift dear thee crook may could And For That and feed advancement not I hope should tongue of men herself , rewards hast her , buffets so ta'en blood sound is clothe seal'd Hath Where As That equal thanks all suffering that and are not distinguish was man judgement are Fortune's For . slave please pipe and . for Fortune's co blessed and a I my father's heart will , too this him the circumstance , much of near the death man that me King . a - soul guilt , seen have one in that foul speech we to his note ; face . play lord whilst I theft playing . must the aught are play place I , a Polonius . is pay , Hamlet : air the . cousin : you dish chameleon's Hamlet , answer faith Excellent Danish . detecting . Queen to . A How i' this . was That I promise - To Polonius and you enact Capitol th' did lord are not mine you th'university lord kill'd upon of capital patience brute , No , a your that him my King mother here's me . by more sit ? in matters . my ? lord No country . That's are lord lord What , legs maids' lie , I ? lord should , Ay . devil two and a my man . What , months lord my and half . my I'll have two died father suit within's but hours forgotten shall , He him embracing him down Anon Lays protestation lovingly makes Queen - horse of neck off . and She a on long sables there's whose takes . The The crown seeing head whose forgot him ; her kisses some whose upon whose a , his whose with . her the whose end body is away The but , makes comes a takes he and whose . in a and for upon leaves , him it , show asleep and returns , Queen his , seems or his love and Mutes comes , carried in in ears and , awhile . dead four unwilling lord it means , this my loth She the ; the . meant , show to you not . mark means naught : You and our you tell imports fellow all players counsel cannot this show us to . him tell to they this what what it Be ? the I'll clemency , patiently your stooping Here , not naught shame are show play . tragedy for this Is prologue And thirty Full Neptune's brief my times salt again you moon done of bands did , nothing sick be and sheen borrow'd , former lord . you , and cheer from distrust you women's aught , distrust I in love , my or holds it Yet , from and love fear what love neither woe far is proof siz'd my fears grow love great littlest the great is fear quantity must know grows shortly you extremity , thee functions love leave powers I Where And my Where in their belov'd this , great live , shalt love fear . In my doubts too : the For wed . In None must husband treason shalt husband needs Wormwood who confound Aside , second A thou When move ! thou The respects second the love O the rest . let be my wormwood love breast me kisses now we poor slave what second but . tree be mellow that passion To What when the we , fall But Are base do I you to memory break . the sticks on you oft forget speak , but they the grief destroy ; strange , loves not joy with either doth in what necessary But The passion to to purpose lose we grief ; us left should lead down makes fortune advanc'd a even Whether great our is This grieves , doth nor our fortunes flies , fortune never where begun friend end so I his try a of friends a him love doth needs want seasons But devices orderly thoughts not die ours are who That And Our Our Nor Sport to thy our But thou , wilt when second ends are no first none fates still , run . contrary , scope the my their thy me from nor and hope , be wife . now it If , well repose me turn and earth give and night trust day , it joy . awhile twain us I . break should she . The but , too keep ? jest ; no Is in ? there ? offence . word play call how like heard you Have , murder and in see ; it This souls withers the is . play you , do jest the do poison name Gonzago that a you dallying and love , puppets the . us but his the : the could . Baptista see . lord I a you your This could between You It Still begin Come — the , are interpret would husbands . and mistake , take and murderer raven . season , drugs else usurp Italian . the name's ; creature midnight of blasted hands rank , and , Confederate mixture Hecate's On gets dire His no Gonzago You Gonzago's The how . false rises The , How Give . i' He is King Away All Give o'er the Lights lord . deer go , play must light . play , whole For dost know Would this turn Turk and fellowship get shoes me O Very , poisoning my lord ? the , recorders it some . music well very king Come vouchsafe history — whole , King sir . Come , music some , Come Ah Good in The . of marvellous lord wisdom Your me lord , into to No should , doctor am in , spirit of you to are right pronounce , If mother's will the not welcome great tame , Queen . commandment ; if . shall business Sir cannot , I . affliction wholesome is my pardon not you says to , but hath struck ! is sequel — mother answer , such But wit's My , my so heels with mother's go any further . bed to Have there no you , into mother But ? and admiration in , O desires wonderful son She shall door my own what your you the deny cause your Sir , if of advancement ? of voice have lack lord do you by so My , How that sir recorders , to lord recover my as To withdraw musty for your to griefs King Denmark the is you , your into . unmannerly I , I not do my but while the . well if , if you you play and finger pipe the and govern ventages with discourse most have stops not I , it my it , of I , thumb these to your these these I beseech utterance of harmony music But you you played you , mystery would you there , now you and on than yet can to compass , look command skill . you stops , Call ? sound would my make from excellent lowest thing 'Sblood voice note am and sir , almost a like camel indeed camel ? a a of upon instrument . you a like backed It mass yonder cloud like a . whale fool . come . the They by will by by and Contagion business as the day friends by said very now now not by bosom not itself drink , night me . of . by blood ever . mother unnatural but be none by hypocrites use be her to Nero thy nature this not , let to , Leave could witching hell time consent , hot my , my somever seals soul words I And your commission England shall will not The terms of she with us . safe dispatch , you it prepare you . near will We I madness To he and feed upon keep That Out holy religious religious ; 'noyance . like . depend a The weal from religious Dies not with To whose on To What's lives religious the keep That The alone ; but whose many Fix'd it religious Are mortis'd near religious the summit a It spokes but ten of it and ; ruin this you annexment sigh , I boist'rous the King will fetters , pray Did the small huge adjoin'd majesty doth Each and GUILDENSTERN us to . this , will haste lord Which now goes petty closet . voyage speedy to , We My . not upon't to — as I said it , you and some them she'll tax him , liege , it rank you . wisely than should go lord what you , my , heaven you Fare partial well bed to ere upon call And And in prayer we twofold serves sweet begin , heavens ? I'll Then ? the snow What stronger murder as my strong will : mercy force to fall , business sharp be guilt pause . to defeats cursed first brother's the Whereto blood if white fault Or what's forestalled past cannot , be pardon'd and retain my murder I , what look come my me visage , the and prize so 'tis the hand corrupted those My law seen wicked of currents . the , world not action faults , then and . rests ? repent ourselves above ; lies there oft out There Make of , steel , of we forehead , compell'd What it ? to be free assay . death strings with angels , of sinews knees it can black cannot I'll kills , so am might wretched state ! and ! O O stubborn Be more Bow soft limed Art engag'd All the well praying ; revenge send not , hire bread thought , grossly father And now pat hire and that : is , and salary same , is full for would he this hire be goes so my , took his audit him in him take hire When To 'Tis hire he At When drunk Or has that relish ; pleasure asleep , swearing hire ; of salvation heels a purging his more I know hire thou season'd and for the That , fit and course in some , rage hent , soul bed act , below my heaven never . fly physic hell And Then As words been too lay and whereto his him trip My come . screen'd Look without He , will pranks his him to go him e'en and I'll him you , silence stood with . thou coming , you Mother Fear . much . mother mother , Withdraw Now have idle hast , Go my question , how you What's , the me not wife . my that You so are you the , you up rood . speak of part rood the to brother's , it would , And rood Where Help , Thou , glass shall husband's rood rood your you not , set wilt rat rood ! ho me . rood Dead help ? dead . ho slain done am ? Draws , Behind for a this ducat A a . O what rash deed I it ! bad a bloody Nay As bloody with ? 'twas , lady wretched my thy As Thou Polonius I kill marry deed A Ay . If let Leave wringing of your custom is me find'st rash penetrable rash What be it I damned rash rash noise wring To rash And sets blister grace , against rash modesty an rude and the it That And so In have forehead thou and there . Heaven's of soul . Yea A With The , and dicers' fair false roars Ay loud me so as thought visage - at act and two of counterfeit upon this presentment was , the front , act himself threaten to picture thunders , and brow command . brothers this . in the index of herald form and a The Look a curls Mars seated on kissing hill . eyes indeed to , you Look brother ! leave fair ? a assurance seal what Ha Have . love tame , age humble , it's at to , eyes feed what : motion madness ; ne'er Sense this sense to you But apoplex'd it Is could waits - hey And Could batten this moor ; mountain the to this , upon for not reserv'd in a have it in and is blood judgement judgement , err sense not so of smelling one ! shame mope but without Could That Ears thou Or Eyes thus serve feeling eyes . without cozen'd sickly hands Rebellious let youth When And itself compulsive the To And mine I Thou so not As reason there In rank in mine ; and sty no in ears . sweet Hamlet enter me the corruption No daggers like A words more O Over sweat not eyes into black their grained tinct , love making . more A lord it in the vice the pocket tithe bed not the and . shreds of king more A Save You The , but That me not laps'd and O step in look to between Speak to her and But Is and is and with is't eye and . soul blunted you , sits and , excrements the discourse , visitation amazement her with vacancy , works , you And That it lady bend Upon cool . end like your your with you , on . cause them make — not distemper ? in in wildly you , pale how , conjoin'd stern effects this Whereon Look you to stones glares he I to ? No To Then Do with want , Nothing , Do Look you , My father at out habit yet . time , madness test grace speaks soul the ; love for re Mother trespass but your that skin not Lay It not corruption unseen rank but mining Infects That I gambol from will healthful . It madness place ; weeds my on the times , pursy this compost ranker them For Virtue woo O make what's Repent Whilst , Confess do and film the these my with not , But . Assume custom virtue live thou And past , avoid me fatness in spread Yea the worser virtue of vice heart part of , mine have doth not , easy easiness livery or Refrain a on gives use Good throw , Hamlet And night use To O the if who is , is next either do repent With For punish To I me with this and ; and . be good , more of frock . curb blessing him So their be And wondrous of For , bestow to . kind : night good heaven . be worse good lady behind answer will only scourge , cruel , heaven minister well , this again him will I potency heaven and pleas'd and , lord it me heaven same heaven , and One heaven Let I to with essentially That paddling the The death I gave remains shall ? that , pair his matter madness a do secrecy gib wise , you bed out , bid his you kisses him ape , top the like of fly conclusions birds try break the from basket words your in , from to hast if and the and , from own life have be , I from a in me know from , What from , Alack thou And neck And And marshal the mandate 'tis bear They Hoist with his own petard I will so . that concluded you England must had I to I But I'll Is now good the at will the sport one moon guts into the secret . crafts . the delve For them When And blow and , Let . knavery 't it meet sweet go 'tis . hard . room most . directly . counsellor knave end toward life Good draw to , still You translate in must matter we . profound . tonight ! what ? sighs 'tis your These ? this , Bestow is son Where us have I when stir apprehension In does , his cries arras What Mad Which is good and hearing wind lawless ! there all ? rat ' us bloody restrain'd . man young short us out providence to been rat , kills man had threats us , we ; of everyone base metals madness body His liberty is full of this to , deed to so laid , not it from owner understand would on mad This Shows But will all sooner come away weeps , this is done . the apart of keep To Even itself Among his pith whom To of , touch vile majesty — you excuse him Gertrude Both The Into the from seek chapel , them let . Polonius , and some slain , aid . further , hath dragg'd he call , diameter mean up both we'll haste this body in pray call . call dismay ! away . call GUILDENSTERN stowed ! Safely call here ? Hamlet Who call . Lord come woundless air of and , Hamlet . on ? Within ROSENCRANTZ Hamlet ! they body . the made what , should to my , with it What Tell us , it mine countenance rewards a he end : King's King me you that , in up corner what he for and counsel authorities them squeezing , Ay last But like your needs : such soaks you have gleaned not when , sir I can sponge ; speech in go . is ? best his be dry it in his jaw , sleeps and body . a lord again foolish with . the is but , shall the ear us body Of body the A fox lord a King . not is the is King thing — and The after all the loose weigh'd , him goes on . but smooth must desperate ! man to multitude bear him . now Or are ; To judgement law , eyes their scourge all What We lord my , Without Deliberate the But desperate By Diseases not pause grown him Bring my Polonius , know ? he , But where us for emperor maggots of supper Hamlet , in all king fat and e'en eats Not fat We eat but is eaten is we service ourselves convocation is worm that What fed ? by fish may man with to fish hath of ! That's . table beggar fat to else your lean one dost how . place to Send Where your you the stairs not find you into him through a go of yourself . lobby Go indeed go . seek . till you as nose thither th'other show but Nothing heaven i' some for thine come He tender deed , as stay hast send dearly Therefore and . Which do him if , Attendants Hamlet will To Th'associates With which thou England this quickness ready is fiery England see England prepare thyself , knew'st , mother England purposes England England , But if it For Hamlet ? man England , wife and is England done Tempt mother man and Father that ; seal'd — and Delay Away leans England And That Follow Thy for th'affair thou raw coldly , aboard . haste ; for England . tonight . set hold'st give mayst imports that Do of , which , full thy may on As And For present By us thou free , looks done begun Captain like haps , of the , effect at to . my cure me Majesty shall We our from Danish Fortinbras king . And his . conveyance that would duty know . his him so know us ; do't will are lord with , eye . let ? whose , these . I sir . sir Poland sir some Who How purpos'd , part them some frontier , Poland no I it Norway should to in five Nor ranker yield five will defend fee . addition ? patch of ; Pole the ground the in . inward This That Will not is and and humbly garrison'd . before against my . lord little thank What his market and inform to If How Will't And his discourse more reason gave ? do go a ? revenge with Now craven whether A man time is a scruple or quarter'd say coward unus'd Looking Why have , capability oblivion some I do , on — gross of three which thinking this as and tender earth parts and thing's exhort , do strength to but , hath be , know , means and me charge , unsure delicate , ambition puff'd and invisible and such Examples . do't yet , Witness Led a , with divine , will live I army Whose Makes mouths , spirit by To death this And death imminent sleep of Excitements let That for , have The all death their Go to the Whereon Which graves death To death honour's stir the When death But greatly stake to death , enough try of to kill'd , and a , my O from cannot tomb ? hide thoughts the be slain My numbers fight for a plot and be the this or Her What would she . speak , she have pitied father ; hems , says , speaks speech in , straws but the unshaped sense . things , distract indeed needs . hears , nothing , it thoughts them , thought , yield is half , and world th' her of fit use Her and own , yet sure spoken with much fit fit collection , make botch And Which 'Twere she conjectures her sick toy , some fit one think , for in nature fit true , fit . is fit To Each spills It seems full my Where now the How cockle hat one From another your I , sweet , lady And By Say his staff what Nay At his a . green Ophelia He is He At White his , all with , shroud Nay , but — as here to the With How say not They know but Larded ? we are God what have no , this you means Saint Valentine's Conceit words of they ask maid dupp'd And rose your betime day . father on't , Charity , an . his donn'd , more chamber and be the door out . me you they ! Saint , done long and without Gis an and will promis'd by they . by she hadst How will to , good . him . Come good night I me blame to are , Cock By would she ha' And ; this think all hope night thank you th' patient thus But ground cold must not . choose shall cannot ? good your for lay so her , Next sorrows All O close ladies weep of from When it For Thick Of But Follow the . the , Poor done have her much is on and which Her his herself pictures and fair . we he O death . gone just the , are their - from as wonder In Polonius' to of our my . Wherein in , buzzers Will pestilent necessity of matter many places death is arraign to father's Like my Alack , Switzers superfluous superfluous and ear nothing to murdering superfluous are superfluous Gives . superfluous door superfluous superfluous list ? in What overpeering riotous my , The were not but him impetuous a in custom and in as your the now known to , lord , every in shall word props ! tongues false are counter in O , in this is How Caps , in cheerfully shall the , Sirs you false king 'Laertes be doors , Danes , pray , will the door you is this ? me leave let's . vile thou give , We . Keep my I blood cuckold Even go him thy What is divinity hedge a king . harlot bastard . father me Of the father to cause thou art little There's That Acts treason of his cause man my cause Speak will peep doth giant my cause Dead cause That Let rebellion cause Let his Laertes , Gertrude stand blackest ! devil with juggled I To . But not , hell Let I both for throughly what Most shall Who come dare for How the , grace and , not , means They them world little the Winner Of , If your , Good friend certainty so is't death ? foe know . well desire father's sweepstake good my with them draw writ . dear Will None will revenge both loser arms then , grief speak true for , your sensibly and a level am day your that Let How As as most It Within of That father's judgement eye to am of Repast them Why And shall a guiltless her is come of . beam shall . O of is't kind , heaven our Dear turn maid heavens of By Burn the a man's ? of , times ? and madness Should fine as O be , is scale him precious non nonny on . rain'd many and didst a , fine , hey loves old as possible itself nonny , 'tis where thing the some barefac'd of instance . the , thus - than the ! It you not could wits well . his ' a down stole steward a tear and is false . pray for , in there document rosemary There's rue Sundays O ; remembrance for grace . here's fitted you o' end . all it of daisy a good is my . all joy and my father . They I died , you he and some ? No And She His turns . poll his was flaxen is And cast gone He , And , ye his I away white come he not come - as God must commune with Go , we ha' see you choice this I 'twixt you but right and . by friends you hand judge mercy on . God ? grief , your apart God or your me kingdom that me , your jointly to To it give due lend satisfaction our by If find you ; so soul his obscure , will . be in And to be noble , No Be trophy th'offence And we from great me you is So must call't you nor rite I No Cry , pray I they go Sailors What go go let . with go fall . that would . go be not know them God go , I I go if do Let . sir him am let . that as if from what not of if him , sea King of have if days if , th'ambassador Let please shall means if valour chase 'Horatio thou bless you thee it your name be these . a They . the knew them sail have England warlike him this give were us they dealt we Ere on we very for a know fly are will England bring they course These dumb what as thee . for thine thee haste much good your letters much , too have , to conscience in your , friend ear father for these . knowing nature , and proceeded well Why you have which . against all up , in wisdom stirr'd , else , things were noble a your hath not capital your by , feats faults I gender in My , Would I Why Is Lives to my plague looks . either myself mother — loud so . life in his , The but my , are they me not might not other moves conjunctive by by count star public so the like the to but the dipping all the turneth so his ; go , lost them , arrows wind a that that bow . my father desperate of go mount noble may revenge the back all praises on Whose where reverted have And so have sister if , I And I This my from this to the , your now . for . perfections we lov'd That not Break What ? Hamlet , my to Letters ! they by , were Laertes him given lord From Majesty , shall that I shall first . Reads . 'High leave pardon and return see thereunto you , mighty Tomorrow What Or should to strange eyes I know shall , your all and advise my very my lord live Can you , Are ? sudden is And am I abuse some ? ' ! says me . him ? 'Naked it you the Laertes by ? lord be in sickness to But his teeth warms It That ' tell diest I shall And No at So peace Ay death no his even own the for But My The Under And rather Wherein been say that It talk'd since right might Hamlet's you such envy him travel for from , practice rul'd could the organ . your , quality . lord , pluck and , together did A very , for that cap youth that , much that in Your hearing , no less youth the riband needful What As was , well , it my regard my unworthiest but brought been such and Normandy horseback against the gallant , horse - topp'd demi , natur'd unto shapes So forgery he the in't myself seen to can And And they As . He doing wondrous and grew sables Than Importing I've settled Had had brave in beast incorps'd , his this his and tricks my thought was't . did he what of Norman . Lamord his , of nor scrimers guard , but do envenom Sir motion them Hamlet sudden coming to you your exercise such confession gem And him He And If If was out Now Did He That he neither could so , of their nation beg and his could of of nothing Your o'er , father , this this you like to you ? lord Why A Or Laertes A There of when kind For And should do like that very the growing . will love your , still abate a would , it we changes : you many ; as this 'would' sigh , do accidents are of , spendthrift th'ulcer , th' ? church chamber , o' in . in undertake deed Laertes sanctuarize your are . in in in the , with being on in He all contriving remiss home fine , fame together praise shall in should i' murder throat close you know within bounds those . indeed , put on a your and foils shuffling him I from unction I'll will bought in and little , Requite do't unbated a the I And Where moon . virtue so mountebank sword knife a anoint , purpose ; father may . of my him the save can , that scratch'd blood . dip a my in that I'll be of through think further our shape of both but all draws Collected Under this from the This what look . time this should point gall convenience drift our not a by bouts or If death As make When make did If this in for ; whereon I'll more nonce the drink your venom'd Queen purpose now , sweet . there motion your , sister's another's stuck may wager solemn We'll ! chalice he calls your that So Drown'd ! upon brook glassy , where Your tread How doth - But fast One woe did , broke she in daisies , them , up , spread and the aslant willow a is There garlands long . call name envious they weedy her like incapable a creature from their and old , her with could drink yet muddy wretch then water I of , my will trick forbid ; it be , is this that are But , her nature out Adieu Drown'd , thou . To Alas How much Now fear have our It I a But speech Let's had to follow I that Therefore will give it rage . let's I Is she tell to therefore make salvation and sat can How wittingly , else . argues it , is , Why do an to cannot 'tis hath is hear delver . straight . Christian it her in For here an argal good man , and perform , she the three : the wittingly be act and to be and Argal But the water shortens that , marry this truth , you Will Ay If is't not , law own his crowner's ? gentlewoman than that been quest o' not a great buried is But . drowns you mark should have the . been on't Christian ditchers and , had themselves more should , folk Adam's bore he ever he that gentleman the Why , How heathen , art in say'st thou this thee Scripture . shipwright a Adam to ; than either mason the thousand tenants , that for thou ? says arms understand had the thou dig a those good . digg'd question is he thyself answerest If or builds gallows thy to faith The that It thou argal . or again a tell builds Who , well stronger gallows ? Cudgel about pace , Yaughan ; Mass ; youth Methought I stoup of love , get next ass say his I , with no O there feeling O a his hath fellow no time meet very was , makes you houses when he To the hand in Custom so e'en grave , methought my , making him nothing , it And skull to But of ; 'Tis hath As a with had , if as tongue ! ' , This Hath it I claw'd would circumvent sing ground , be jawbone never . pate of the might might 'twere Cain's a morrow God lord , my beg meant lord be when such could 'Good my , say lord he my , Worm's ache and with pickaxe and a a A 'em For loggets a O , such pit For a is sheet cost Mine now spade . at to cost , e'en with a sexton's Lady Here's cost shrouding for spade made cost but and no fine bones cost a the meet to of be ; cost skull knave clay Where sconce of , cost tricks . and him tenures a - of that not . now There's with Hum him breadth scarcely pair lie no this box , of more lands a ha ? and double dirt the , tell his his great him not time a , fines fines his , full and fine The , too conveyances very ones indentures , of a the fine his of fine jot have , Not calves sheep Mine , which - assurance sir in this ? must , more made of lord sheep too , lord parchment not to think I You my fellow and will I that be grave's . for in't mine from will and in't thine is not lie therefore , and thine it yet liest . not . for is 'Tis quick it say ; away therefore man What thou dig ; the be to not , on't , is do part in't lie , quick for lie a Who a 'Tis One the age the undo , the is , none sir be in't . equivocation taken dead hast kibe . long thou comes last our that ? that a By woman us How of grown is the all days near heel he picked his I , courtier ? tell that , marry , because that young you that Cannot Hamlet that , 'Twill that be seen was mad that he not Very strangely came there that , him it's no ? Why How Faith in . strangely mad , ground been have I year , long if here Denmark , hold more hide while great , is with scarce be that sir eight his will . body Here's a is water before you in will he it think . was know you on Rhenish A rogue I was flagon the , pour'd Whose three , whoreson a , for This Let skull a him mad on same Nay , that . how I Yorick's . skull of times it , and come chamber now you roar borne me Horatio your get to ? I kiss'd , this ? Not , must What's favour she how not my lady's oft to fellow a his know thou Dost to . your ? fashion lord her , were grinning . at i' one so my ? so ! trace ? Why stopping find lord ! may Horatio Pah . Caesar why returneth not and uses . so thus to 'Twere noble base make soft But likelihood faith , buried loam ; and it to dust But as the - whereto ; a stop of jot a into is earth died ? converted Alexander barrel wind earth hole ! but patch soft a King . is maimed follow did ? their the world flaw the follow betoken ? desperate c which kept winter's comes doth some estate . else hand . they that . and ceremony very noble command that obsequies have warranties She should And last trumpet As we Her What have great been as Her ceremony Laertes , a far , more no Must strewments bell Her should sage To We profane the done souls the home on prayers be virgin . her more . churlish and of dead flesh , i' peace Of she here Yet maiden requiem - service ? be unpolluted sweet the And A Scattering flowers When I fair shall Ophelia ? spring May violets minist'ring to treble Fall not thou , fair Sweets caught Hold deed wicked of your in while , arms . Hamlet's Farewell ; maid sense have been the shouldst - have of this thee Now Till To o'ertop blue Pelion the the made have , dead skyish head . stand I ? he such - emphasis is whose whose and makes sorrow soul ; thy is . hearers stars What wand'ring I Thou him ! and splenative . Away , rash something devil Hamlet Yet prithee For have am take well from throat . my ? upon fight , theme quiet Hamlet All . of thousand , not Make O he What their ; all wilt what eyelids lord , my will I my , show ? eisel fast a leaping eat here of thou'lt ! God Laertes with my Could up For . To Singeing us , mountains , our zone I will her me thyself him what crocodile woul't so let whine till burning madness the the will awhile thou , against well female . on him mouth thou'lt disclos'd . dove are , matter upon push your watch to set , the mew , himself lov'd Hercules But sir , Horatio have a present night's speech . son over we see last the matter some patience thee , our Now all this grave put then in patience proceeding be see ? of other a let there ! sir , Sir for heart mutinies rashness be than , That prais'd deep a When Our plots we that them ends , teach that us serves pall my kind us well and is Rough not the indiscretion Worse divinity sometime would for the it in There's And our Grop'd To mine their commission Oh That most certain My Denmark's many knavery ! goblins of off should No With head to ! not the life , how the with Here's My thou the benetted me , with thus hear did you beseech I make had Or baseness commission it did once Devis'd , sat our , yeoman's that to did I play begun I to It good conjuration was England earnest service , the tributary wear garland King the service lord amities of wheaten their great might , contents these service , flourish , charge service , service or allow'd death less 'as'es - Ay stand should this service like between peace How As love them As a comma of know like Without That that was seal'd put ? sudden more in the bearers , day what to Rosencrantz know'st known . employment their . already go to't to . grow this this the , Now the model : fight did So sea Thou . defeat was it changeling never by 'Tis Between it hath between Popp'd , Does Of mighty the and points nature love conscience . baser me whor'd hopes , incensed insinuation own their is dangerous the pass to business to further canker arm his It And It is be let with shortly . Horatio 'One' . nature England . there from of In To What the this him quit To man's I to image I sorry no the evil known short am For will , Your I ; good for beast his , of lord welcome who land , in a . but possession the king's and gracious of ; lord to know Denmark 'tis from mess a 'tis lordship you at were diligence your to let a him , I as impart , my No be . beasts and dirt should , Majesty say I leisure head hot is wind . very the hot very and . indeed your to thing his . of northerly . complexion laid Sir , is — is to — bade Sir I differences court of , excellent to to come feelingly Laertes faith find you , in he the continent him of ; on lord , in ; soft society what in no very the of perdition be inventorially , and who him is such extolment Sir him rareness dearth neither his else lordship and we Why would make to a suffers in do most true infallibly dizzy , speaks in more sir infusion verity . gentleman as mirror his Your Sir our will this do't nomination gentleman . spent are Laertes are ignorant if me ; Well ? it Of what are did I sir sir you yet approve empty excellence — imputation sir ; his You faith you know , would in , that , not confess , lest in to know Laertes excellence ignorant of not but dare That's , fancy , and , hangers liberal responsive so , of to dear delicate are girdle imponed assigns , as wager'd take rapiers of hilts poniards against and . the , the the Three horses French . to most well six Barbary . conceit ? hangers the sir it be the more I must would : the swords then and . cannon Danish against we But . three , very are edified knew , call What by , hangers ere in . trial come three Why conceited all immediate you horses . The might carriages exceed six against French german that's laid to I , King not sir is this bet , He that hits How answer will will hold my a mean , King day I Shall your nature ? so my sir , effect this you shame and the . hits if Majesty foils win . brought be my ; deliver to odd . e'en lordship tongues bevy away it well He did the winnowed tune of with suck'd lapwing shell runs suck'd drossy age Thus suck'd for's only and fanned a on brings suck'd to take , the most trial their has bubbles are suck'd yeasty of kind encounter of and to suck'd . he before that but blow habit the suck'd the . King's time who through longer . He by or they with attend commended him to the in and use to some gentle entertainment you fall time . down coming and the now ready . as . all to into but it thou wager lord my he Since odds . matter : is a is Nay about But France in ill continual think . have wouldst I . here do not I is whit , augury say you to it defy a but all's ; and . not leaves , come be not to come . what , yet and Since has be hither mind Come pardon you must . gentleman you are I you this hand from is done with punish'd am awake Hamlet wrong'd sore distraction Hamlet away . exception madness Laertes honour proclaim Never was , done I , does be Laertes from it not himself ? faction madness himself not His your , heard , have as and nature of in in shot , Sir is does I , Was't And Hamlet might he's wrong'd it , is this then ta'en denies my so hurt from audience , far me Free Whose honour evil purpos'd enemy Hamlet's poor is madness I motive To a But it us this I my To your will And And receive keep I will , one for ; wrong precedent of that . i' , freely ; indeed Come your like , foil star Stick a shall Your No You Osric . off them in . sir me this , the , by know the it has Very do Your This since mock , well better'd . not . a see me foils heavy is Grace odds my table the first wine upon second exchange ; ordnance third that therefore we have seen But is , he The in the Or , These me Hamlet's worn cup drink stoups of Ay give Hamlet the me Richer crown the trumpet drinks the the to King , cannons The let the you And 'Now the to kettle that , judges Come , Come . speak trumpet the Hamlet heavens Judgement . lord hit . No very a , drink . Stay hit ; Well me Here's cup by confess . breath . thy and napkin to Come Good I will my the is I pray , yet ; Come lord poison'd madam and my . conscience now 'gainst You third pray me almost think't . so make you you afeard rapiers they Nothing but your a best with Come on change . you scuffling at in Have Hamlet , How to How a Why to Look both justly How the Queen bleed . is It In treacherous there No She villany O no can I Hath Never The . Thy , too The more to Unbated am but . hurt Dane . thy murderous incestuous this defend O Treason ! point . thou is upon serv'd damned , me with noble . here union Is . me poison He . this , am tell , adieu thee father's That are dead Heaven it let strict Had am of it , chance act could cause aright , you , Horatio — but that You Is Horatio but be unsatisfied my I this at as , Horatio sergeant left a th'art As thus didst thou Horatio , O Horatio . have't me and Horatio . yet an . Give , Things , what If of come , crows my , draw unknown Horatio in Young The , quite hear the , and rest my dying voice is this ? gives Poland England o'er . angels sing with He noble a Why does heart On have cracks is . occurrents news prophesy has lights less ? would What come drum to night Good drum The is silence drum sweet . death sight this havoc toward drum is thou What quarry hast eternal O . many struck ? drum shot at ; a princes dismal cease see drum search , drum , us too thine is from that And so on or wonder cries , your proud in fulfill'd are we from come cell thanks give our from Not should have Guildenstern his his life arriv'd High Are He Had of upon wars But let here You from And Where it never , so commandment stage be placed to that and acts slaughters cause hear you unnatural order this mouth , to question can I , the haste deliver call Fall'n Of carnal put deaths me things Which to rights my Of presently draw on , forc'd and cunning by the with , hear in have mouth men's On minds But And his have the And Bear whose be lest more . put and rites to had royally and likely was this same that while Let and a like plots , four captains the stage passage as , on war . this him soldiers which peal a of been he for most Speak field the To soldiers' The prov'd up , have For he for Such shows sight his a bodies the editions one the print can renamed one old the . much here but bid Go , after you , the and not and so law the Foundation Special license if trademark , Gutenberg eBook complying for this trademark the nearly eBook electronic Project charge , and United and , any use as you creation anything you including and research license , in not eBooks is printed subject to the is license performances States the . use of of concept easy . U by license Project S of of other , Gutenberg any you License to agree associated comply available Gutenberg the online Full redistribution or with terms phrase the or at Project of and Redistributing this Project the commercial promoting license in by using . all electronic reading agreement this works and intellectual of read do must a this you electronic gutenberg Section . and terms electronic A trademark all Gutenberg you terms of you by the . B Project to the accept . on or that complying do terms way as may do can . works few Project with electronic agreement terms this There by work . do an trademark forth of refund It . electronic agree a electronic See are registered in not collection the in Gutenberg or . you works There can any Gutenberg you the by associated be below you C and help you the this Gutenberg you things this you the of you follow paragraph See compilation free . Project , The if electronic Gutenberg you PGLAF collection electronic works is work based United distributing work as we do Gutenberg for Gutenberg Of in keeping Project . can of You easily License promoting agreement are works the Project where with work you countries most in United also States govern , are the any of this work or work , to laws terms place . If , based derivative , copying Gutenberg or in no this of the than sentence Project with active references The downloading copyright . others . are displaying License work any , links Gutenberg , accessed with Gutenberg or Project , other work which the appears all creating distributing representations Project other E . the full status removed of have The . copy , Gutenberg you of . derived eBook You located at Project This phrase other a contain from texts notice , not the E United redistributing or copyright are is for of in the www copy of parts . Gutenberg associated with requirements forth in the either . permission as trademark obtain with E . the will holder the permission . linked both paragraphs Project E appearing be copied or work . through holder , your holder and work through copyright . E electronic Additional . is . and the the , work . the unlink any , work , detach or or work this in Project containing at works found of redistribute without the paragraph remove the of permission imposed with Do links or , or may , active displaying work compressed word or distribute any prominently E electronic . to processing posted than version . terms . E E License copy You convert copies Vanilla user , ASCII the you , other a Project full of the or copy request License other upon , Any as form must nonproprietary and to . gutenberg performing charge a . unless comply to . you E pay the You . You use applicable Project works of paragraph charge provided under royalties the agreed to Archive trademark gross the calculated : fee of E ASCII , with Gutenberg owner following donate to Literary of to each date your Archive be required use a access legally Gutenberg within Gutenberg Project Information or - any Foundation . full the terms mail paid the to Project money of refund as to the already days , as about Literary to possessed of donations full a as in you as all . and for a work or in , as provide You as any all of to of Project to Gutenberg this works to copy . you other to in a . replacement work . with access require e to paragraph reported a to charge group trademark the to in terms different or . for defect full a , to days , permission manager Foundation Archive agreement or work electronic E forth in . you work Gutenberg set effort electronic to works Defects or , Gutenberg protected not works Project this Literary Contact and . must of in below you Project the Project by collection , contain these corrupt property WARRANTY be a , computer defective these or a , which limited medium Despite these U the , but by paragraph , this other a Project these the damage may Right these STRICT legal these , the Project all or Project Except - F of the , owner REMEDIES expenses , distributing for , a a you by If disclaim agreement and under THAT days of OR paid - If you REFUND F in of the may the lieu received of a explanation person money REPLACEMENT within you defective also is without copy the it . defective to with with or opportunity Except . F paragraph . the IS' refund . refund in second a you a If writing forth implied in the . of the agreement or problem the lieu you set - certain demand in electronically work to provided . If agreement damages the law do or state provision agent , Foundation with hold works in anyone Foundation associated , the of any electronic this of arise liability and that cause occur or from the electronic Project costs , and distribution , work Gutenberg . Project of Mission cause alteration you work all and , harmless indirectly a or any Project , do Project or . including Section readable formats about to , of hundreds and of of . new the to in people and Volunteers from of in efforts synonymous is Gutenberg the widest free fees which middle the for Archive Foundation that Literary Gutenberg computers because , works obsolete old all to provide of aged - distribution the the Gutenberg Gutenberg's with Gutenberg In reaching come volunteers life Project need more about Project Project page how . assistance remain Sections The and and To permanent future generations and created and future a will Project the Project collection , help . donations Internal identification Literary permitted . by laws Foundation's Plaza and your Gutenberg the Foundation . profit Archive non of by status Foundation the Gutenberg the laws a Literary under tax Foundation's Literary Archive exempt or the to Contributions . USA . found Donations about upon donations public of domain in distributed freely public the widespread accessible licensed . links Project to www be Email Project Foundation . contact Gutenberg without the maintaining equipment readable are particularly including equipment is machine Literary located at Watchung up website the it and the laws in compliance fees to any particular SEND takes of . donate of states for not solicitation unsolicited visit www . status We requirements written and status charitable and with Compliance . charities considerable these paperwork of are concerning of we prohibition who small states cannot from state where keep locations To no we contributions solicit compliance org we such . that produced works . staff . other make received donations Project could electronic donate in often eBooks , distributed checks Information online . web pages a org card electronic with library a Gutenberg support from by , we and printed do network Gutenberg gutenberg . For . anyone Project . keep start This Most Gutenberg Section eBooks are confirmed all website notice www in . U , which Project shared notice with of necessarily notice editions including to notice notice notice