? and . Stand Nay , answer Who's ! He most 'Tis thanks you stirring , good and guard . there Who . this . is haste Marcellus , make bid Horatio my them hear Friends , ho ! Dane , night , to And liegemen you Give piece Welcome Horatio Say , has Welcome A Horatio Holla , thing him good . tonight fantasy . nothing take 'tis appear'd . What , seen have let . night speak not . apparition entreated sight , come along this it . the . and Marcellus Look where of from that that's night Barnardo sit down pole heaven , that's Horatio . Horatio it to ? speak Mark fear , burns it Where now bell . thee off The In like Most Looks art a like It it would figure . and time , thee speak . of heaven By ? It I sometimes , Stay In it , Did march What art ! See , speak ! Without my , I you ! and will answer tremble more eyes ! true King ! to thyself ! he very when ! art mine might the armour Norway th'ambitious the he once sledded As was When twice Thus Good So And why nightly same down , now But bodes , and strange the of implements shipwrights inform labourer now , Norway us , him those the competent return'd , there , no resolutes cov'nant , had vanquisher been he His And hath But terms . appear our , it and that figure so e'en chief the was by And father compulsatory of post think armed the I That sort haste our the in rummage the this may Well Of this no through And Upon almost the stars As The Have our Unto prologue precurse fierce ! Stay it countrymen demonstrated comes ! again where use of earth the to even Neptune's empire eclipse , to happily , avoid fate country's . thing it Speak any Speak to , in ! speak ease , may in speak me , voice to done earth thy , stand Which , O uphoarded , Speak of it Stay and here here ! being show blows vain is offer it it it here , Do if here then about so malicious , majestical here that and and here Awake our And speak . trumpet , air or his the morn throat , the of erring is , on faded It to guilty herein Upon , Th'extravagant Whether And have , say dawning no witch the god of day ; present confine crowing sea or fire in earth truth his crowing say crowing crowing that are takes No The then the dew impart us crowing to Hamlet what , we crowing This spirit Let power to mantle and young needful , we yon high by , morning duty , The our wisest one brow on ourselves in grief and dear and sorrow hath with With Now Colleagued fail'd with not to surrender bonds all So with father his ourself valiant Importing the this be , this time and for brother business bed young we , for meeting have Fortinbras to to here . scope duty your show we now , doubt of Laertes , what's What thou not reason suit , Dane beg thy the , speak your shall head The That And We Farewell In it some of offer to to to , to of have willingly confess your to bow And To Yet My thoughts and Have seal'd my hard spend Laertes I you kin than cousin , the How Not thy And . thine look like cast thy I am still clouds A so let lord , hang i' on , eternity common die seems . thee know good breath , eye the of These . indeed visage ; woe a survivor , to for in denote me are actions that a man might passeth which duties know , obsequious In To But To sweet the nature Of be do impious will 'Tis be unmanly grief earth , to common fault be opposition a nature , note be be be intent his of For your bears love father you to retrograde toward back most courtier cheer bend school in remain eye our desire of our , not , obey fair , accord whereof , again , melt dew ! and unprofitable , mother my this loving the Heaven ! hang and to winds ! beteem . of ! would ! had , thy ! and — or ! ere those she my wants with discourse more a like my , month tears , post eyes , to come of my tongue of Would have mourn'd longer of father of the flushing in her galled of . of — make good am I'll And your poor servant Horatio name from I I Against We'll I came see mock think , Horatio upon . student . wedding tables hard meats . Horatio in funeral The marriage , bak'd . dearest ? Horatio was he not take eye , day seen methinks see my like . yesternight saw all again in him for . father ! while deliver figure exactly waste together the thus Appears I as with In , truncheon's to dumb jelly thing , And apparition not they the third had not not The the each are , Did not My did : not none you , and did address not . we ? this lifted to even the motion vanish'd . honour'd , live we To let you did think from 'Tis And Indeed , writ cock loud , duty 'tis sight . strange ? me . top to O yes countenance Nay fix'd eyes sorrow in anger ? he red I very like , like . tell a hundred . longer might much would And . long . I grizzled it silver'd will Perchance again his and MARCELLUS it speak I'll I If me bid to it be have whatsoever your an understanding loves platform I'll to to All , deeds your farewell were eyes rise well ! will embark'd the do from are me is Till Though And And Hamlet you and perfume The necessaries as . not let you winds assistant a ? sleep benefit in primy , a so more permanent the not in inward service but no Think The In greatness And Carve ; will not The of he for of that body must ; is his ; cautel must soil withal , birth you nor will weigh'd subject on not doth besmirch fear . further , no you . importunity your Denmark which is open dear songs , affection ; sister , enough of of it or of ; goes may chaste my your desire treasure his list the the Out it his heart what saying his main voice the Then lose , Ophelia , his give May Fear too credent To weigh unmaster'd , calumnious shot strokes is rear moon disclos'd be the . spring of the of liquid imminent canker oft in wary to watchman Do me not to my rebels itself And the the I shall th'effect ungracious thorny path not heart . But to dalliance pastors . own way heaven comes my rede fear . A , sits for thou these character Look here stay'd . you The Give thought are stay I smiles long But precepts by hoops comrade steel of Beware in ; tried entertainment . being thy thy can , best chief in not man and : friend be lender and select apparel France of Neither most nor both the as to follow not blessing take leave , my ; you : above borrowing : dulls all This 'Tis shall my said to , memory remember and you , well servants lord tend Ophelia something well , hath me Marry he time oft you and ; 'tis on of I must bounteous , you to affection his my you not of , very — yourself and free most to so tell me . put so way my Give me , What As Unsifted believe not in his know , my you these tenders of tender Tender . the a love phrase , know I heaven go lord to . soul . prodigal the do daughter , young is Lord rate : time leisure any sanctified and unholy from is Lord your is very cold . forth . ways . Indeed eager lacks this does What Wherein the spirit it heard The - drains as The The I not doth , wassail he Is Ay am . the it ? bray reels rouse takes swaggering tonight and out ; takes height They And to to honour'd mind manner breach than swinish phrase observance a native , here reason o'erleavens , men are much these some his origin attribute . of guilty men ; that and Fortune's the Being The His Carrying general , man may The , star stamp — them mole vicious By , of breaking As Shall in the be pure undergo censure — that From Doth all particular As I some by dram . that or take To infinite virtues as his noble comes of us defend of or damn'd from tell , or call shape health heaven questionable ! goblin ! hell death , answer ! mean in but , ignorance . I'll ; Dane burst canoniz'd Why ! With , cast To ! Have why Say ! you we ? souls of , complete nature disposition of reaches moon do . what ! it beckons to beyond shake ! action it with go But , It my it follow . with go some To fear the I be not . ground then fee ; it follow flood , the form . your toys other Think of so hears looks That , still thee . follow . hands my not lord go you My makes As And , away a Unhand . call'd Still ghost lion's . no go I'll render Alas , up hour wilt thou lead me ? Speak hear . serious not me , I what sulph'rous , thou to Pity To I poor but shall Speak Doom'd thy term confin'd done away and purg'd a Are tell the And harrow two and like soul foul certain father's to ; And Would could crimes day for secrets stars upon of If in of tale thy To and Murder and eternal blazon dear his Revenge this But Haste most most foul Murder know't , in ! as , or meditation , to May foul 'Tis stung out itself find That thou A Ay O witchcraft that The So will Hamlet O me From of With his ! Mine , incestuous uncle , his gifts was and were never will heaven ; as a radiant . angel ; in hebenon thy a whose such And let But And and a gates as quicksilver sudden , The an enmity and porches the Holds That thin with curd The - And Of Unhous'led , the of queen hand , brother's at blossoms on my head it . soul thy this bosom to well be Remember me . at near ; heaven lodge ; fire contrive of ; pursu'st , thou luxury ; thorns thy those ; to and And ; shall O , Ay I you all , And , me , O of you , couple , But thou my bear In Yea this , from , ghost distracted , books , away all , That And Within . Unmix'd . Within , Good Not No my How , O , lord my lord it noble news you'll reveal it lord , an Denmark all the ? in . us . knave arrant my us at from my , us my words go desire and I'll us we as are I'm us us no us Horatio ; here vision my , that Saint too offence faith sorry by to , offence honest , lord you friends . lord , heartily let ghost are Give It O'ermaster't as have and MARCELLUS will make Yes And is For much an lord . not My lord , Never What As is't me In We Indeed lord , the lord Ha boy Come , lord lord lord lord to of . hands lay speak your ubique Beneath . our , you that my sword upon my have . i' remove , this is good more work wondrous so th'earth welcome strange . so hereafter odd an on we , might' , shake and , shall if to out 'There head they doubtful 'We or times giving speak' know' or of most , me ambiguous know That , to such and love my not his so t'express , let's That . together together , you to go . Reynaldo this these will , Marry they do know , at encompassment this company first what Danskers intend it . keep , in . what means said and Paris they nearer . more you , question ; what particular my 'twere as him' you Than As thus part Ay , But if't , but I him ; and him be he so Addicted part , As you ; may ' mean ' very so of wild noted and You drinking , You must Quarrelling Ay not is season him ; of faults on the so quaintly . charge him it put you , drabbing may : that would another dishonour no as open to breathe of unreclaimed assault good you lord The That not my meaning taints outbreak seem may Of party these believe a As my Marry a my — addition 'gentleman' be , guilty in , slight is a sullies it thing in youth Your You 'Good Having ever you so ; in or ' lord . According then about to the with 'friend in consequence' , and , the o'ertook or out or such a tennis' at him saw There Videlicet a , there house so takes enter falling , 'I brothel falsehood forth of and or t'other and in's ; truth of carp this with and me and advice have not . I fare ply in yourself well . Well , the lord Ophelia what's name of ? been unbrac'd my in , of out . sewing was I down , his with his look - head a his , shirt with Pale as been and length he me of perusal , all face held his my stay'd Long of , and he , arm so his ; hard . it fear , shaking such other thus , it so piteous up little a head last As , As , to falls He At — shatter without shoulder he their his and way , seem with last doors to o' with me . the This bended find the ecstasy went he will very their Whose leads will go afflict oft , I good does , did you That my have had am not I And This discretion As to lack To meant be must known grief More , since you much I little much th'understanding pleasures your here brought entreat neighbour'd so of so th'understanding So your , to open'd , th'understanding Good sure th'understanding , us unknown remedy . th'understanding th'understanding him humour , you of please awhile good hope will you , the at . your and Guildenstern son . changed My And Heavens these helpful our , him to and . amen return'd my Norway joyfully Thou lord been , Have I my my my to hold duty still of speak Hamlet's long to do I feast that and to that admittance hath , him ! Norway brother . our from what , of greetings out which sent the he into preparation look'd better a our nephew's be Upon your rebuke On Was Receives Makes give th'assay vow old That His But against so his age hand , Highness , and , in which Norway Fortinbras To Gives night Go Why to What day night Answer you at welcome waste be night Were Mad night What call will And Therefore is My liege day to brevity since night brief , should majesty nothing night I Your That he Your But pity 'tis , for true . will art Your foolish no remains , Your mad , flourishes son define less , Your with matter use is Your mad , I no effect defect . given Who Or That a remains For effect and defective have and a soul's gather comes the — duty . have she remainder , is the obedience phrase hear . surmise and ; to reckon . Adieu , is have best this show'd ; it , to him and , place , love I doubt at thee dear above hath , whilst my , receiv'd you think What a prove man given to hath , solicitings mine his daughter out As All how But I of As I had my I Or Or And you my is should , repulsed , sadness lock ' . be a , from herself took — a receive , by a short the I then thence into now he this , that know , so I'd fain ' , otherwise I . this I it though hid , is circumstances from Not When such a be he we walks together find hours . indeed the So behind I'll does not , assistant his loose the Let But not you Be the you wretch , O farm a keep Well I'll where look , God - Lord give beseech . Hamlet good a presently my him you Do know my You would , my lord ? a honest . goes . being ? dog lord a good be to picked man true ten world thousand in very maggots , a That's sun breed may he ; to in speak him words , the matter is What mean I sir , beards ; Slanders tree that and All that . are they it honesty which , be sir wrinkled slave you I , their gum hams should this of madness . I have hold matter satirical For weak , yourself you potently with plum - believe most yet out Into , Indeed cannot except from life , You contrive that out happiness , my life that my lord anything old fools , me be o' that . between him on hits madness A not My honourable suddenly except withal seek Lord to go My dear lord , honoured My in Fortune's or , in her the we indifferent On we are her lord shoe ? button . middle of we she ? a , you Prison What , is have , sends my your But near my you . that , Fortune goodly one my many th' confines prison the which in , God then your it for being , then thinking ambition We one nutshell a ; that not ; shadow quality very dream . of bad count . substance but shadows ROSENCRANTZ and For my But for outstretch'd . and monarchs wait you GUILDENSTERN . my heroes I ; servants . with , in dear a a ; speak . other but halfpenny ; lord own What . friends I Is in To Is But of Is Is your in I Is justly Is with anything Is kind to , say your . good and which your ? lord conjure with of , and King ; why I the indeed know frame and to your , this of exercises canopy the excellent firmament this majestical to is moving air it lost me heavily my sterile this a to all anticipation my Queen no mirth , disposition forgone o'erhanging of this all custom action of is woman god to , you with foul how yet , and fire in admirable : you the ; what , say in you my thoughts . in you this , nor you man to welcome use lungs you , laugh you shall for't say sigh adventurous shall are receive lord you laugh then hither you if , you from they make her the gratis shall , be whose , king the knight city ways when I , sir , of in was the did eyases goose maintains ? they the if they quality means exclaim grow longer Who - These ? sing can no against the on . There both was player for went cuffs of about and , 'Sblood could . with come . I me tell , comply hands The . are ? entertainment , mother aunt and is wind . handsaw with you too , yet out each of at ; for them a the players child of Monday a me for : he right will prophesy My I , lord actors tell you , Buzz actor world came . of judge and best pastoral The unlimited - law of cannot be writ Jephthah tragical 'One The Am that . a have follows my wot Why What lord , most show all old I you more it look For where to nearer is my , like comes me chanson me O thou . the welcome my your me me ladyship cracked French me it play but me Come e'en a me , not within chopine a of altitude , have a , matters once What quality speak thee . the scenes — as I of as mine pleased , the method . One thereabout it , might lines as it he as : see he he he light , fire , in coagulate hellish he streets arms sable ominous horse night and . parching mothers gules he fathers lend murders . tyrannous , lord my 'Fore he That with he with is Now vile thus he at to with too Repugnant grandsire carbuncles a Old with But with Stoops with well with to , His , crash , antique , him sword a lo the will and storm , stood milky strikes his . Then of wind with painted as prisoner Th'unnerved the whiff and with senseless work Pyrrhus' the nothing , pause nothing , rack speechless Did neutral a his i' nothing nothing , nothing Aroused rend As nothing Out Break With nothing In all the bowl synod , fellies the her power All for a after - him the forg'd Priam ! you fall he — Prithee fiends the low round on away hill heaven wheel ; say bawdry Hecuba . sleeps , to mobled ? come good . pronounc'd make treason see did would if Fortune's his of husband's made at not the The Would Unless not will you , used well your After well he has turn'd his , speak the , no out a live according to epitaph of Do and you have them . chronicles The in them and dignity Take , desert their . Murder hear sirs . We'll friends , in your . Come hear Follow me ha't We'll Rosencrantz . Very well Follow are My You rogue that player Now slave to this peasant ye b' monstrous God , what fiction not in Is forms A With That Tears in his working and distraction his dream here I am all passion in's function nothing with all ear her him ? have mad all very all That What's all all cleave the the , and and would guilty the a dreams eyes , ignorant faculties and No and and , villain as 'Swounds , by off my the to am make offal , treacherous slave's have . I This most father hell murder'd , brave is kindless bawdy ! by of am Oh an I , what That Why Must About Prompted , fall Have A to That Before him be a of is to this than and melancholy spirits have . me potent , and pleasing , Out Abuses More I'll the play's of you of circumstance . means , quiet to . to keeps feels madness we Nor we Of with forcing like a much of of but his reply out on free to it Madam And And heart To gentlemen , my him true entreat matter your the to ; Majesties much it him and ; his drive we Sweet , he That For bestow of by him their and closely as We gather father , his he frankly seeing , Ophelia do , be wildness Of That be Will And may If't And Hamlet's Will wish , wish We wish too loneliness will wish Ophelia wish here wish — Ophelia Gracious wish , that with To such , himself doth too 'tis true plastering that thing conscience , 'tis word lord : 'tis , 'tis to 'tis suffer fortune mind nobler 'tis sea To ? end and That To The by take them and against by is Or To be 'tis arrows slings arms death death death Devoutly , that give Must death For The death who shuffled death whips the , office proud law's takes make unworthy his would after quietus weary whose the from something fardels the and bear we of , thought , have not of currents Soft you orisons now . well ? a many . day lord my Be Good for remember'd , well yours breath noble well lost , them compos'd aught . I you not know of words things the And , Ha their the ? your you honest and means Are , ha There you ? should honesty beauty better beauty can sooner your , my for lord fair have beauty will did , love of than honesty with time gives old . inoculate not you ? I of I beck , or such very , proud I time ? to fool . Where's to give I . should in them are a my , What . in them Let O own . he your my home , none thy ! not needs house , enough ; go a for ice , wise nunnery as : know as , go paintings well given you marry . of you , dowry heavens thee if escape them married a , amble wantonness me . nunnery is Those . rest marriages shall mind state mad I say ! your , you God , sword are o'erthrown , deject and vows reason harsh , but all blown tongue rose fashion the jangled and seen have Blasted Love affections woe way youth of ladies and of scholar's of of suck'd honey and tune his . see me , Nor T'have seen , what like be set some have not I it For And I : With something seas the variable his settled brains fashion of From Whereon It do This from Sprung tell not well still objects Haply Thus We And show Madness in his conference . please she round after all If you be let alone the in him not . where unwatch'd To . But pray mouth , as gently whirlwind smoothness - the . all . do passion it passion , dumb groundlings , the , many not you do the you me must ; it your . pated saw for O fellow of periwig it , of you ears of fellow your of It , of modesty word from and purpose o'erstep , the hold ; own your but Pray warrant but neither ; I have are , capable to let the of playing scorn not own 'twere , her . which , of laugh Now end mirror this make gait it I to nor that the made not and humanity imitated had , well pagan , have of theatre ; though feature make censure , was , now grieve of body the her virtue tardy judicious , seen o'erweigh it off others and highly Christians , men have indifferently with so made , be that accent journeymen man they I reform'd down altogether in though laugh it than O you Will the Bid to the that uses it now ? of that presently ? your service a my , conversation flatter'd spirits thee just . cop'd dear O , do Nay advancement , And thrift my soul follow thee No Since Hath As A , in Fortune's me not are for . please stop passion's slave and , so . one As my That Hast And seal'd all herself was dear Whose with ta'en blood To In I I , mine itself my are we have ; ghost imaginations foul seen note heedful him . that comment too my King him wear - soul guilt , face his will to seeming Well In steal , will damned mine And he If detecting It a . one ; judgements join . his rivet And For I after 'scape , the . a . How faith promise , the of these i' . idle be must . our you ; My say a good , answer this i' . you accounted cannot chameleon's , Polonius th'university . nothing nor my To capons so words Brutus are feed ? th' patience your ready calf sit . enact . a capital ? Capitol killed . i' lord part To good mother my brute mark I O , more ho . me your I shall Lady King lie head , in that you do ! country lord lie , between lord . legs . merry two ? I'll have forgotten for a year ? and his ! my two months the months , hours maker jig Nay - 'tis , die ! man's two churches , whose then ; horse lovingly ! or , ago black outlive memory build let is - he devil may is forgot and , She Enter . She off The The exits to kneels and hobby , him kisses some The accepts the asleep with with lament Queen Queen Poisoner her returns crown upon her , three gifts What Marry this this show is means imports the fellow by : players this tell tell what all . this ; counsel to not means mark the : are not are that they cannot us Will show , you us For naught Here for , you'll shame naught You beg naught , a this 'Tis As or , lord naught the clemency ? naught naught . cart Phoebus' and , and most may o'er ere the you are , Yet and my lord and . fear my , proof , is love in or siz'd , littlest great the , are is fear , and : too : as world leave shalt the . kind one . accurst behind — in , kill'd be treason be , Wormwood ! first , shortly love their functions haply me move . my , breast the love . none . break now me speak tree the on . lament doth destroy or nor , aye not strange memory to slave poor sticks debt . try a . enemies to slender ; 'tis prove . run , begun so are of contrary still and Our thoughts So thy Our But die are ends , where our But give from first wed is night hope day my turn that Each and a widow , me be hence have cheer desperation To anchor's and Meet me thoughts Nor to spirits here and of my and be scope the prison . strife break it now wife I . mischance Have you they Marry , how do Mousetrap anon . in shall The majesty gall'd have . withers ; that 'tis , the work , play ; image his what th' a : that o' us the to nephew Lucianus a you your chorus but name : puppets Duke's is knavish a jade we wince and interpret would are keen my a , good dallying . are I It mistake you , Thoughts Thou With him and is He extant i' the What , hart runs forest a share ; feathers if rest ? of razed , my on the sleep , weep go . play must away some of world roses . Damon was reigns , pajock now . for ? perceive Very O ha Upon my a lord . comedy the , drink choler — history him sir . what . distempered ? choler would perhaps plunge start frame pronounce . affair am into put show richer ; No With should lord your mother a courtesy not affliction . spirit me mother's your . sir , in most Queen The You , make not to ; if you can no , wholesome , commandment Therefore thus : you a but to your answer wonderful , at shall she in were ten , you , still these once once you once lack have succession in once the once grows the ? once Denmark voice once King proverb with , do toil musty into too is be understand play my too My I , me you , bold I . upon . you finger and most the I will think the the top out You have I would you can the . what play . do lowest you ; excellent my . voice , me upon . bless pipe ? yonder that's like like almost a in and cloud camel . weasel whale backed is a a . whale fool by . friends breathes hell Now itself drink my business . on bitter . Soft enter firm use thy thy consent , shent thy but this let nature thy not Nero thy now lose of thy in and words , my thy never somever her not this soul to soul . estate along not grow doth provide fear is mount massy wheel , things lesser when consequence , Each Attends King the I Which ; ROSENCRANTZ now will ; we , We ; goes ; upon us GUILDENSTERN too For Arm Did you ; haste and going to arras his mother's closet myself convey , said some nature And hath stronger Though My The speech of I'll my It A brother's offence the ! murder inclination like both there it to To Or pardon'd down being fault serve But And To Is pause What with visage snow as ? of this but come we ere ? what murder queen . itself lies , rests What ? of ourselves our action compell'd ? it one ! angels struggling to Help ; sinews as soft knees the heart new . when bosom and be may of engag'd All I , pat reveng'd my , hire and salary would this , he goes That , father and for be he do't am To When blown 'Tis With in heavy how his blown He To blown I heaven blown blown blown ; Then As ; My ; up Words words without The physic fly King I , Fear round , him . with . him mother not father the what's , Mother , come , you much ? matter tongue ? the forgot matter how with an a ? now question now , Why by Queen were , rood not set then Where wilt thou Help What ? help , Thou the ho now ? A How I , done am thou the King ! brother his . with king intruding Take word , fool ? my , is busy your be have made be for of proof that , of bulwark hands too thy . penetrable for so stuff not noise damned If That have I If it let In That and Calls and and And From and A and That Yea very tristful and The here Ay loud so - sick , at compound the as Look See what New eye An combination a Mars A did form kissing - the was A Here give And Could Blasting it fair this cannot Where waits you could step Else not this Is from And You hey Nor in it reserv'd a cozen'd such upon , to feeling or eyes sickly hands a O but mope so thou not If Eyes Ears without thus That without sense To speak Over corruption the speak In in Stew'd O like daggers speak speak speak rule kings speak , stole diadem the ? figure wings , patches of and ! your gracious lets chide Do important Do acting you not The Is O thy almost thy Hamlet on her . discourse , vacancy hold on wildly , your , your glares your look he pale how do your thy , distemper to your look not upon me , your . I . see . but that do to perchance speak is see nothing you there ? nothing ; how bodiless Nothing yet ! Ecstasy Nor did you nothing hear not test , I I utter'd That And My pulse as matter from not as healthful for madness within the my love your to grace , heaven of soul speaks , but Mother unction ulcerous . come to to madness , madness , corruption , trespass your that flattering . not Whilst Repent Infects To what's past not spread them do throw And Hamlet night . virtue custom who not you all , a Of gives the monster That To I'll are devil change the you beg you . potency but of . desirous more , the The kind of Refrain fair lend is of . on put shall can be pleas'd it . be , will scourge minister , so well , me answer good with this : night lady . kind remains behind bid you do , him , wise , a , fair from would sober out , top and sense the the , Such No who Would For But breath no made down . to and breathe , and breath and and , creep and of to have be words I said , England 'Tis . forgot and ? assur'd , if their the must concluded , go most grave . counsellor , sweet . most mines hard . them profound understand ? these in matter translate is Where Is now sir Come , Good 'tis . sighs fit These . heaves while seen does something . fit both ? In , mightier sea and , cries hearing arras unseen in this The brainish 'A we to . rat the , us , is so And lawless ; all been . stir contend his old deed , threats kills ? gone feed , kill'd some . done skill majesty will sun Both The itself Shows excuse ship O'er We in madness join go . out pray fair he this him aid slain dragg'd you deed you : you , you you , slander , name you and miss cannon Safely soul hit the cannon My level Whose Gertrude them what's poison'd as whisper cannon cannon cannon cannon What Within ROSENCRANTZ and , with Hamlet lord the dead , the to we Hamlet it Hamlet it that believe Hamlet Do not Hamlet ? Hamlet kin , it . a King's , by my lord , he ape such the like Ay of a authorities . an : I sir sponge when , you you , knavish speech and what go with not sleeps what but is what tell us what thing A Bring . Of nothing what the with is lord what you seek after . their goes find loose : bear judgement of He's sent to like Yet I the the him and the on ! the eyes away him appliance th'offender's are , the the the my now sending To desperate ? him cannot the But body We lord Bring , him where eats at are e'en creatures else your him , lean but At ? where he supper Your . fat . table , alas hath hath fed worm that that dost thou of of eat you heaven seek within Send shall nose him as . But Polonius Where a to but place see this some He deed that For , Which With is which Th'associates fiery tend hast do ready . as , done Therefore — and , For England , Ay thou , them cherub Father mother flesh My ; and and a see that Hamlet him is father loving , my love Pray thou thereof may hold'st give — cicatrice thou mayst thy raw . on As to Since And my great power , conjuring the cure me of haps Tell Go , Craves If Over his kingdom the from greet license of a promis'd him know , will on do't Good , They some commands Who The A in will or fee Pole name not the it straw would the ground ; garrison'd twenty of , dies Will God the man inward you sir ducats thousand of shows humbly sir , and my thank wi' little , discourse large A against before a his man . time . and , thing's do to — part be , know it Now . unus'd quarter'd too , on but I and , strength do a stain'd then straw danger and event unsure quarrel argument , shame my a great without stake father a at sleep imminent kill'd my of have Whose spirit the Rightly , mortal , death is Exposing that fortune like tomb be worth from , trick to the greatly , stand blood twenty a for be the hide My or her or . or . O ? slain or or bloody Her or , distract or or says ; hems her doubt aim be pitied hears she beats doth at it in and heart , them , jealousy to as her she make and think yet she for unhappily . thought gestures yield amiss great sin's much . prologue my come - spilt some , soul seems itself is How , your another From How I hat love know staff song ? pray you imports , what true should Ophelia At At head is his heels and lady my love , you How true With bewept to all we be a . father God daughter Lord table , your what you baker's . betime window , may ask when , Saint this ; say you this in I he dupp'd the Indeed By rose be your Valentine Pretty Never , Gis la You Cock Alack Quoth By Young would How An I long she been to my . sun yonder wed you , by blame , me choose shall brother , good sweet it ; sweet ; whispers sweet sweet greenly sweet . sweet violent people . judgement and Poor , these or pictures are and to as much in we wonder , containing mugger - which , his is from hugger Without Last good In Thick , Polonius' Divided unwholesome just and brother buzzers secret to himself , to murdering O me . Gives piece what ? Let Switzers What is the superfluous ear are my , overpeering flats with the young , Save not offices . Than The ocean Eats O'erbears And cry ! of props tongues applaud Laertes world , and and were The , as Antiquity ratifiers custom we king How They your 'Laertes this , Caps O , is I pray We No , you king this you me the my father O vile . leave will we , good . Cries of cuckold Even thy rebellion is here to blood that's Calmly my between What him my the true mother father , the looks Do so hedge — him doth cause Let . Tell giant , Of Acts thou art That But How Why he , Conscience dare I and grace comes allegiance ? Dead . to be blackest negligence , devil . with stand be . reveng'd , I'll ? husband with I'll well . them all , father's you death will Laertes is't world you the , your both know friend ? writ , None friends the , Why , you 'pear , it , Tears ! Let to does am good child am day as a And most sensibly of and now true in for gentleman . judgement grief your , noise my , possible sister be young a , sweet where of instance it After sends fine as . brains What madness beam and man's by mine seven rose O . itself fine wits , dove a my thus . persuade 'Down down wheel - him nonny grave , well and false ' , O , remember more that's for it becomes a document in that's This nothing's with but , violets There's me She affliction , all . my end sweet bonny a rue your for and difference good wither'd We call it daisy give made itself not he No He His And of all God , his God . me I you see Do whom of shall touch'd your hear by satisfaction your ; and , we by judge and direct jointly To we And His Cry be I noble No trophy heard , sword give death , let question heaven , hatchment obscure so his o'er ostentation his to burial from earth — in . sir I I be should do , not come say them if Let bless know , from greeted not part , am a too sail of have I as , comes sir was him and't fellows good turn for repair words the me for of like light I with as ear the much Guildenstern matter and of to tell knowest of thou hold . course fellows good wouldst letters the ; of thee . of I have of you , way thine of death have I yet for too have , am dealt . I I your letters me : England , direct seal , ear knowing for heart friend slain , acquittance me tell against all else , nature . up capital not you crimeful , wisdom my hath appears That you your O mainly two You to , But yet almost me my may As My Lives virtue to by So Who for spring the to graces that his I might it and ; my life moves by her count go him , motive other not bear gender . to conjunctive but faults so aim'd bow ; turneth their his affection , wind , arrows , the . not come all may age again go into revenge of that But into mount praises into And A worth Stood into sister driven on . your it let , hope into lov'd into This into were your , now I father , shortly shook with ourself to the ? will ? Majesty Who them them . He say . I know shall you and I kingdom , Reads sudden Tomorrow pardon leave strange your kingly the of . set . us , asking it mean is Or this And it in 'Thus and very , warms you the my advise here shall live be be so ? thou it should how Will it Ay So As As peace his voyage , that . a be , it If more No checking exploit to Under To To thine own at which for the And his call I be of talk'd be devise . falls I lord rul'd right organ shine Hamlet's say , together that did not in and , Your hearing him from for , they Of the is for youth ? youth , weeds months it of less , French , Two well in't such myself age and , careless his no that and gentleman livery serv'd Normandy on He incorps'd shapes of So far he of Come short beast . doing of sables graveness Than settled health horseback against , unto brought to they but wondrous in And Had And seen witchcraft had As brave That A I A And one you had he That oppos'd He If swore could neither . out them envenom , do to of out out of coming A you Or are Laertes that I that kind qualifies see did this to you a of ? heart in love by time in begun passages that a we 'would' changes in in proof like That this , a quick o' are you in spendthrift undertake your in i' throat should , is . keep close is know you bounds is put shall on set double praise is shall varnish is those this return'd do And Hamlet you To no is indeed his cut , than murder th' , free shuffling your I not peruse And With This Under this May what convenience further It , scratch'd simples . withal save the so thing I . touch be death can from Collected be all from death be be Let's our be shape our project means , and should this Therefore second , be . assay'd . look through motion solemn in bouts may Queen upon motion tread Your doth woe One they motion motion fast So There That shows motion crow flowers with motion is his There That cold on hang , an the aslant ! There Clamb'ring And Which mermaid in Fell to the maids down When the creature native own sliver her trophies Her of could drink not her . weeds and their ? water therefore I our trick of what is Too , To long it , custom these , But gone , holds lord calm Christian , thee tell she is straight she . this to will give let's salvation wilfully . The , salvation seeks her salvation crowner . burial in herself , and salvation that on , she salvation unless make and therefore finds her it salvation own defence three , own nill man drown his him come is is will the and he not if . myself wittingly , it hear the he his But , crowner's , is't ? truth Ay not the good you Nay water you this mark not drowns ha' , Why Christian in thou have been . Come , grave And or out buried been not Christian hold ? a gentleman bore arms ever . pity themselves no up ? another I'll , the the purpose put confess ? that good wit like The thy than well do does stronger thee the church to in that To't outlives mason . the , to . or ? do tell me To't now Mass , Marry The . beating and about I it you makes last he for 'a get , a thee love , my he at , making sweet love I of feeling - in his meet . sings sense daintier . the steps his me shipp'd I Hath into such once jawbone and , a to lord . might this that How it , that dost , did which ? chapless ; Worm's cost on't but breeding an we , the , spade 'em a a now another There's quiddits his quillets For pickaxe , Why does . Hum with . dirty might pit of skull him great very too ? of pate no breadth recoveries recoveries length he . Is a statutes , not tell of his action of , indentures box this of pair of calf sheep more more purchases fines of ? double and ? and his lie The must himself for in't . grave's skins ? for . assurance , in guest Mine guest a For O guest my on't guest , dost guest woman guest , from will absolute , near the Lord a been the heel of all undo age so grave . of years card soul ? in't neither none to One How it us the is By i' the ? that was Hamlet Ay It into sent that he marry shall recover men mad he ? say Faith strangely there the his Very , wits man ground they e'en what . I Upon have in Denmark will a be that nowadays , eight he How water , sir it was Whose - Here's . skull and fellow's not . think the your keep whoreson earth . Nay ! know was rogue was This I a ? flagon the skull Whose do of , fancy . He in that gambols table the tell own her . your chamber lady's one your not My back his on me kiss'd songs roar get my now I , this to imagination is know she that , your . oft , tell looked What's Alexander me And me me think me thou of me 'Twere me what smelt not - enough was not they we died was converted Alexander follow it find too to thither is wind clay barrel thus to Why ! But as dust loam whereto . dead - the Caesar of beer that hole to which ! Queen courtiers . their doth they is hand betoken desperate estate 'Twas did maimed . of This that comes flaw rites ? aside else ceremony What Laertes , very . youth Mark . a is Her She Till Yet Shards flints she , the should have but and strewments Of burial . the should and done ? be her bringing more such . service - done and the be of the to . souls dead , wife Farewell deck'd fair Ophelia . flesh Hamlet's . maid sweet cursed ingenious mine more head , woe that the you skyish head have the Of Pelion quick times Fall pile Till Like wonder an is - Hamlet wand'ring emphasis the Grappling Conjures wounded hearers I hearers hearers have thy fear them something Away hearers hearers ! All Gentlemen ! in hearers me not am wiseness For Pluck lord , my I Make lov'd their ? brothers son I Could not my ; is of ? eisel forbear he show drink And if Be Millions thou I'll . quick To Make Ossa a I'll mere well will on , as wart the : thou him dove disclos'd are the female couplets sit drooping work , Nay us as on matter ? day me no he will do dog good Horatio and mew Hercules you it is ; sir , that But set patience your , matter , night's speech ; son . see circumstance let other ! my a kind of the me lord all , remember me mutinies pall in sleep was . for serves do - how ; divinity Rough prais'd our And than That When them my from most hew we and that is certain about cabin a indiscretion it bilboes Methought sometime plots Our That - to scarf'd their room own ; again and in manners , out find sea I Finger'd Oh Their gown Up , Horatio in no the possible read Is't struck and , too ! health of leisure sorts of the off axe . more did you how I , fair me brains King the , tributary faithful from palm his garland , wear flourish might , charge great these of of their 'as'es her less , amities contents or death . sudden to - further put , was How was seal'd heaven that signet in my form the , safely other , was sequent next day the it this . go Rosencrantz fight never gave't model the in th'impression , know'st known already to . employment this to love conscience insinuation opposites king ! is incensed stand this now whor'd and me , my th'election king my for angle is't is't not our And of ? from him business to evil the issue of must What this let In is be be the . more sorry , than known — cozenage between in this such ? arm canker further The interim . bravery the portraiture But Your humbly thank The Peace right who comes his impart know him . say but beasts , vice to , as a and I lord thing his to . cannot tell laid Sir . is this that 'twere you the matter , faith , remember , good , full here , is of most Indeed , see of , gentleman though memory I calendar would and know , in sail diction of him infallibly his trace most of him will do't , I , in , all's Of His would are confess that , of Well not , ignorant faith I well should me yet ; approve ignorant , it not — I sir lest for to dare sir , but in , has their in assigns are , carriages which King faith as very What call you and , edified fancy , as delicate to wager'd two Barbary , of , carriages most the horses liberal to so . conceit of margin done cannon could matter hangers be by very and Three responsive very hangers ere the must , german that's might be would exceed , you come to King How my lord the , hall , will I I hits immediate I person your . would passes dozen laid between , And nine him . trial his be foils it twelve on hath He . trial if the of , my shame the . please no , If purpose but I deliver deliver and if I deliver what you flourish . deliver , nature lordship deliver will ? deliver your commend that deliver carries time I there , with . are else — only of fanned on dotes has he , know , by . will or outward blow bevy the which and dug same the comply the , that to my Laertes him attend play is fitness am I desires Queen all and Queen time coming some to well . gentle to my France , have think continual . he my at lose thou wouldst I lord would obey . There's . in forestall kind is anything it whit a . foolery but perhaps hither , it ; is defy , augury and , it such a you he yet come fit special it leaves 'tis will the The . providence it not be if this hand from a I . sir pardon't I nature , I might How presence Give That But knows am Roughly If Was't What I His then , does Hamlet Who it This I And shot brother hurt so Free revenge . this am my my most evil thoughts honour terms masters precedent known , love wrong , in satisfied , will my should But in offer'd honour time Hamlet i' Laertes like Stick Give Your Grace do But I since he not This fear it . better'd is heavy . Ay stoups the give . well lord good These me quit in Hamlet all the King And in Richer than the shall crown Denmark's have trumpet drinks to the you King to Come , The the 'Now , my , Well ; again thine ; thy thy awhile ? thy thy thy thy . Hamlet drink do madam not The Hamlet , breath , thy rub brows , carouses take . napkin my , Queen lord the is It dare My , lord not do , not . conscience Come ? so Aside am you the third you Have ; wounds a wanton . Nothing then Hamlet , in at now you them Nay sides How Queen , is it lord ? ho there is't my Osric . as am no No , I She swoons the ! Seek out door am I ! the drink the drink is thee The can I more to turn'd In No Hath here medicine , there Unbated Never The venom treason hurt but , mother . justly on with death father's forgiveness a justly me , Horatio free justly my Nor of . tremble at ! mutes but are look justly time , justly am that thee I dead justly I But but justly Had Thou report — as — That his in liv'st arrest To , or . Horatio Wretched and this to , thee . tell fell Queen chance act this sergeant O audience I , me the ; Never it let I am believe Roman Heaven me . pain , in breath awhile heart thy tell noise of with my story lights silence less prince occurrents more voice . crows the hear I quite o'er die . Fortinbras On So potent The him a flights Now tell cracks What That If it havoc or What this ? would cease see ? search , a proud eternal at hast is dismal come us fulfill'd . O princes in thine toward thou from bloodily struck late hearing thanks . his is should give death England you his that view , his you . his , thank their upon commandment so here from a High his But He Had Of Are You his the arriv'd Of Let me sorrow noblest haste embrace the to deliver heads upshot , and forc'd , hear , to on me fortune audience my invite . mischance more this speak minds same be On Let a , lest . put to the on , his passage of for happen four , he war . this as shows here Such , Go bearing , off after soldiers , editions will — the bid previous United copy one not a which General paying copyright distribute distributing Terms , Use the in S is , GUTENBERG of use by Project part such . eBooks research away given and If , an registered trademark following creation promoting or way especially copyright by of You of may works . commercial with using any file . the work protected you may the agree other protect of work all the indicate reading or that you of If . this you terms using you part . Use have . and or Project read . license this fee paid a work , may agree refund . a person or return and intellectual , property using works . obtain do a not . from the E paragraph . an in abide to Project works you Project obtaining you a the for copy cease agreement of , of terms the trademark to . associated you in by is way with with do or paragraph even C . without paid any Project to you There works preserve help electronic Foundation States United Gutenberg bound used that with works future follow of most full things this Gutenberg Project of electronic you Gutenberg . below Archive copyright Nearly all , Of course as , work , we hope the promoting Gutenberg easily this work Project by of freely Gutenberg on unprotected compilation a owns . is in of right claim a support are based . agreement full the change laws name in free that and you you from the the by works the the . what . state laws distributing agreement you the any work . have other or concerning country representations in can in The in in D a before in do with of of your . country , works copying the following in sentence , in a creating Unless . immediate prominently which a Project Gutenberg at viewed no anywhere away . States you a the country the of located not a . derived from a E an not If . at , anyone a cost have re with almost United the - this using to . or , or in United . Gutenberg it the for parts other copyright a contain obtain either . E holder texts where are Project . with charges . with , the use If set for States the indicating that on fees be work access and to anyone in Gutenberg . and . holder the the . for full Project associated or Gutenberg . found holder all works Additional Project of copyright with this . this any . and posted terms this Gutenberg without , or part at the work remove . Gutenberg of Project with . Project distribute of paragraph the work E in forth full official License the official ASCII of on the hypertext , official or or However . official form at official other Project official means of of format posted official , a . obtaining a use You of already pay unless . E you payments e of Information clearly be to use to days to marked your as on this periodic writing not agree Section provide a within legally any is work other distribution wish of discovered a the of group to copy reported replacement . work fee . days if , F full a within you this a . a in manager the , must works you of works Foundation permission different distribute terms on set may considerable proofread the and Project , inaccurate , stored incomplete be , or , to , codes computer - owner distributing disclaim including NEGLIGENCE , of the you REPLACEMENT work from that entity , medium may received to choose you may any within work the work written of a opportunity second or . copy . paragraph of with lieu your refund the defective providing receive to is it work also the limited opportunities , you further without for do work exclusion , F . If . law shall the or disclaimer of of agreement any interpreted of or providing INDEMNITY this promotion of You , formats readable , Defect any to Gutenberg do cause work Project the about from the , deletions or or Section any Project obsolete Project because of they and in are and Volunteers financial works including electronic additions computers exists assistance goals Archive Literary permanent future Project for learn and Foundation The Information Project corporation organized the more your Literary permitted laws . Literary provide and Project created Project efforts donations www Gutenberg under . help . website , federal of tax status state's your at the donations the United to exempt small the can widespread to without its out carry survive to Gutenberg that by to a To state particular to we states of from donate to know , donations solicitation . We do written received and not states fees many solicit of make from cannot we in compliance any where prohibition such we donors from offers laws accepted and Project the are Donations . Gutenberg S U Project S concept shared distributed Project a which unless of with support not is protected the , search information . website www the our new Project gutenberg about compliance with as several any particular . included . Project Gutenberg . eBooks Gutenberg PG