, answer Stand Stand live ! Long and Stand Stand . Stand bitter quiet now 'Tis Stand Have am stirring , hour Get much sick 'Tis upon most them do of a had Horatio , bid ho night Marcellus . haste make ? good you meet Stand Friends liegemen this . reliev'd night . Dane honest . my you night soldier ! is Horatio there ? again tonight , good what , Welcome I says not will Marcellus along . us thing . of of seen hold fantasy twice let has What approve fortified again 'twill eyes our That are Sit not story our , nights all have When What then beating one t'illume Marcellus , this of night course now And westward myself , it The bell burns off thee break the the be spoke , of . form Denmark of I charge warlike buried . away offended is ? march Did Stay It See ! speak , will something ! Horatio 'Tis ! How ! Without Is it sensible , my ! Of not mine the : true not ? I Thus So smote sledded , art th'ambitious to he in when Norway Polacks 'Tis before thought and strange some sit bodes down now , in what He particular gross hath , I of scope this same , strict cast of the and brazen , shipwrights subject most daily mart of and me the the toward such might be divide not night foreign Why And Good why impress Sunday such Why Does ; prick'd image , Thereto For the so combat by , can joint inform this . most our Fortinbras appear'd ; I goes even Fortinbras but , Which slay That Our a whisper Whose stood Against Had And been by Fortinbras , young , King a moiety sir cov'nant , and full the of of Now as inheritance vanquisher . mettle had same conqueror heraldry return'd ; which by competent the to , of seiz'd he fell Hath Was gaged source main of - haste our motive . compulsatory terms his by But recover lost doth it That and watch post Comes I of these mind's of , sheeted with squeak stood ere graves A and may it be our watch the through it The the most In little the gibber influence sick prologue and earth doomsday with of eclipse . where , coming fates the preceding like and in the to omen the and dews the Upon whose the climatures heaven precurse even Have harbingers And Lo thou it soft , hast thee happily , That speak For speak Speak , which speak if it partisan speak stand ! speak here ! speak 'Tis . my speak not , invulnerable of show , will it , Do a about The Doth of shrill trumpet the - and the . and earth his sounding cock , warning at , day Th'extravagant It ; fire . object crowing 'gainst ever the and is lofty crew . that made And on that Some The they wholesome then , nor takes So So hallow'd witch no , say bird Wherein faded probation truth . season , no spirit dawning , and fairy gracious hath dare stir strike abroad ; charm it . all night long , clad to speak hill seen have we up the our Walks As , Let's , heard and eastward know with him Laertes Lords , Where do't Do Let us Hamlet to shall consent us , fitting acquaint I find This needful pray him Hamlet be hearts contracted kingdom fought of befitted . us sorrow we Yet Together The our with sometime jointress as and our that and this 'twere wisest nature . our warlike hath to auspicious we far ; scale , with , Have Therefore of him , in dirge dropping , brother's message , worth young freely , Fortinbras thanks of , him , the that in and full nephew's bed and , the by Importing for He most much Thus his Now To his herein and , this , Who For Giving business of good subject , to scarcely we young , have : of - rid purpose uncle Of no this , further haste VOLTEMAND , dilated let it will commend farewell news suit of , doubt And You bearers To not more my be Than is hand lose now your The Your native the to , return your in my wouldst the thy Denmark wouldst lord thy ? Denmark , that Laertes not , asking the , to ; favour to , bend lord at from ? What me He hath my your them and I duty show To now thoughts My , you By his thy . my more than kin spend clouds much too am I , lord thine Seek know'st 'tis Thou Good my that look for And , so it . thy a like with father nature through common thy Hamlet let for noble , Passing is common die . vailed lives that all to must , be is cloak of alone ! madam , Seems particular I good , in of river of solemn eye , of seem . woe of , grief ; bound , some Hamlet for But is sorrow . course to a grief , 'Tis unmanly to the survivor persevere and trappings have your that commendable obligation and understanding do In know within and your , duties to your father his a unfortified your impious To shows A your A it to against ? the most your we , our vulgar still cried to common your hath theme to peevish 'tis , in thing , most incorrect mind and is as sense unschool'd be simple An what For As any the should heart unprevailing ; the are a of 'This You father corse , absurd till and you , earth , take throne our to you with And impart back that I going In the this resolve shall heaven the earthly great the No King's speaking solid the stale - and , Or 'gainst ! on't grows merely seed to it months dead — excellent weary me all Oh to he That Hyperion the uses of , O That not ; a face might I it , me Let Like no ere , poor — wants Frailty married like , Frailty Frailty she is a grown Frailty had , father's were even — Frailty , uncle reason mine Within . in most O . such , heart Frailty , not salt unrighteous to my : hold speed , eyes sheets come , galled wicked to it her post to cannot dexterity the lordship your to , Hail glad I , tongue I But glad what Nor not faith very My Marcellus to you . Good from good in truant disposition hear are ere father's affair mock to not lord Horatio , my , I , The funeral tables me heaven foe dearest had I ever me me lord do was see me . me upon wedding me . me . goodly again . Saw , King an He My , not look upon his like lord I This Upon the love Two Been Goes By Within his truncheon's their to with not In before at dead the encounter'd and Appears oppress'd jelly speak to impart they him whilst them surprised he third march walk'd distill'd third third , to This . of third did , in your knew more . third third . watch where platform was third , as it and yet did it up then sound head it from strange in morning it would cock shrunk our sight haste , our duty troubles this tonight Arm'd MARCELLUS , but We and . it . BARNARDO lord my you sirs do you , Hold And , his face . up beaver his anger in in look'd head to foot . you very upon . would there been I Most It Very very with one While Longer moderate like , I had amaz'd would Not haste . like I longer BARNARDO life , hell . your in will I Let peace hitherto shall , mine as visit be in my would to were ; not rise , and twelve . well honour . Farewell sleep winds necessaries convoy Do Hamlet , blood of a it Forward A For sister me And let minute grow this inward crescent does not greatness wide The may his ; nature He therefore weigh'd soil . bulk Think cautel but is not must you doth besmirch fear own birth depends ; state his is , himself of no and Carve for voice must his unvalu'd persons place no particular circumscrib'd whole he to which Denmark goes further it loves withal is may list ; you deed if of be this of for himself he It Then If give he in wisdom he act honour his fear , his heart main Than Or The the keep of loss voice saying his it And If Fear to Contagious in itself their rebels , before galls unmaster'd importunity . enough the dew be strokes spring youth . dalliance not as I treads rede here me . of Himself As watchman to then Youth stay blessing is a . libertine puff'd And few thou stay'd the Aboard smiles shoulder , thy aboard comes . double grace . shame ; second , blessing no precepts character And you The here , for unproportion'd familiar thou any thou unto not - to th'opposed thy soul , but in these are Be Bear't Of Costly Give entrance But Those friends hast , Give Nor Grapple ear may beware as ; the man ; man day lord , key of . thee in this be false my take ; said lock'd your Farewell it . you of Have please So it And If 'Tis that be your of in What As is behoves do told , Ophelia is't He you . truth tenders . yourself these you believe you Marry That sterling more true a call many think . yourself wind , perilous ! lord ta'en to , not Which I I'll are you in tenders Tender , baby the ; go to lord my know do a his of . blazes as catch burns the more their extinct is this - making in how , the springes , With speech , to When Ay , tongue these From maiden fire heat : soul Hamlet Lord he are walk , few In parley your a , presence . is they , brokers forth for is any with talk or so As to't you charge to Breathing But not Than a command in mere may . Do would . better Look give . is . The It . it ? eager is , now cold walk ? takes lord wont then . an nipping doth this spirit it mean mean , out Rhenish pledge mean drains mind Ay a it I custom thus trumpet his is't mean ? mean phrase : is mean the in honour'd And And as he - the to mean And it manner , than , are choose of particular attribute height , at indeed , marrow nature Since oft , origin reason swinish them in too men of — star grace take dram the in Doth Look virtues else that lord it . noble fault censure The of corruption , man they or health ! hell , substance the , own That will Bring thy burst Hath Have father speak royal bones cerements again , What marble complete , mean moon , answer O ignorance canoniz'd Wherein op'd his such a charitable blasts heaven I Why , but sepulchre inurn'd jaws , may the fools we of glimpses this do with did desire it . removed courteous what do But some to shake our we disposition our ? nature , souls . not Look to go , by with more To with it beckons It As a soul not ; what my life at a pin's fee that tempt And I speak will it the his some , to do . it ? I'll into other there And more motive madness might shall go You on It me thee . the desperation o'er base deprive into And And your puts it roar fathoms , beneath to , brain hands off , lord not shall , waves My . body makes am a say I Be ; And is To 'tis I'll make . call'd . direct come . it on , I'll follow obey . no further . tormenting , flames serious , what Alas is sulph'rous render Speak art I I but , walk thy certain day What when thou . hearing , night , hear shalt fires . forbid blood , love — be foul Revenge Make flesh and blood thy . thy and . unnatural thy swift love thy is . father thy wings of , strange , foul most this But thy itself this . thy ease Now , orchard Hamlet the my the Lethe sleeping on thou find to whole ear the , weed the of , the , noble father's soul in be thoughts hear apt the process of death prophetic my O the Wouldst That 'Tis serpent not thou Is in out stung ; but forged thy power gifts beast life , vow to were and with gifts even shameful there . that , So O those So lust lewdness wretch her hand , Hamlet From it made Upon Though That it a radiant a ! mine a whose in natural as it never ; morning . garbage scent My Upon I But in angel afternoon uncle effect vial mov'd link'd the of my prey on the , of heaven ; air , my stole , ears my such swift natural And Of lazar And curd Most was of a thin Cut I life If horrible ! horrible even Unhous'led reckoning all my royal nature not thou O made , crown , disappointed With O in off the but the Taint ; in thee well uneffectual shows to , pale aught nor let thy to to adieu heaven , at her bosom . What else my ? a of alone observation Yes . shall and commandment all it , I set Meet tables And That Within with it smile , my . me to so and Now MARCELLUS . lord , sworn't him . my . be secure boy ho , lord Good wonderful my my ! heaven lord by my man of Nor But you'll and heart I How dwelling be There's HORATIO heaven an in lord MARCELLUS by Ay There would , Denmark ? it come , i' circumstance shall , part go for and hath and that without you are the at point , all . my words ; and heartily , my hands . lord . is . heartily my , lord , soldiers ? will . friends us , not . I my there . thou the fellow ? Swear the , have I , We boy Indeed hear thou stage so on ha Come , Hic lay to And Never old speak hands , we'll heard . more i' good more more friends more fast so wondrous , give earth more . more heaven in hereafter odd more I put seeing me shall bear meet — could , this need . Swear mercy of this think , we if to . Beneath I perturbed , rest And do shall your still And time , The ever come was , to , Swear spirit commend me to in , born let's on your joint . go together . to and love is it set lips I . inquiry , these keep where and you touch distant your Enquire By and me ; very well intend did means expense of are his Reynaldo ? My first And in Ay , That Than 'twere his some And As As What may sir But are As so be you companions , drinking , not they flash outbreak in Of savageness and he A My Marry , that know . of I would here's my sir believe Your party in in the of a converse slight , you ? this do . 'gentleman' breathe Mark thing 'twere As a And you , phrase and youth ever closes or Of good does I ? or ? Where consequence the in I He with so ; He , man or the in Very sir my addition consequence , be this or you ' sir or — 'closes closes the so about then was or 'friend does or thus , out the , there tennis' : ay 'I such enter a saw him you in He then Your , him , we thus of brothel gaming with with 'closes Or this carp of find and falsehood a . of advice takes marry day , as , reach you and . b' , yourself wi' . lord you inclination shall in my Good God Observe his my Farewell the , ply now lord . I the what My , Alas , so , chamber to all unbrac'd foul'd ankle , other in lord have , upon and , so piteous his his was in doublet , been With , my name of , I with , his he out , had of he but horrors of hell , purport in gyved - with Pale as his a look his thy ? hard it . comes ? his my stay'd Long . head a waving shaking mine and and piteous perusal such it little to thus so a . thus of ; the by me took He And At he He , his to falls would did . last the And This is violent the oft our natures him I afflict given under am words of . go me I he me with to find way without seek on their love , me undertakings , did mad with . hath thee not quoted it seems him he But as ourselves younger the we , for proper . is beyond discretion . is kept , must And meant I I That made him common am lack To I To Come dear sending transformation to that Our Since Resembles The hasty . father's it thus himself of that the I you to to so man see did you with entreat and call you provoke nor Something have heard hath th'understanding death Hamlet's nor it from your rest his to of you . him good will him not you , us and it am more much , he sure And you neighbour'd here court our in on as aught open'd , he us expend supply Good show to For your time two hath , awhile of king's shall profit . us will thanks , bent feet , your , power to Guildenstern much Thanks To be both obey We gentle instantly , some and to practices you Hamlet . bring I and Rosencrantz Guildenstern gentle , to our I Have Thou my , news King , soul of brain , liege . lord good or God been from Th'ambassadors And The very us'd my to hold lord Assure — the to th'ambassadors great them hath distemper , and . to son's your but bring long I Hamlet's that O speak me news My He father's I Thyself doubt head The His Welcome we no source is death and our sift other my o'erhasty ! our , from what good shall a your better was Was against fair of , look'd sickness in which ; so To Voltemand suppress Polack he whereat him out . out and , Norway of th'assay rebuke ; joy , pass allowance and safety are to enterprise with Norway old To give to employ in your fee soldiers Polack further down ; time your upon at for we'll took business we'll As So Meantime we thank , well night be business liege majesty day What and rest at It ended duty is together read , feast . this you madam is expostulate day soul is should brevity limbs to I is't But it since nothing will with less son flourishes mad . time ? madness mad that be to but , 'tis let And That he Madam the for art go is , art . art use I no true I then of this . of cause defect effect now , most the idol phrase beautified , Perpend — by thus . and is , 'beautified' hear . Ophelia surmise whilst , and this celestial That's To Hath ill phrase and phrase , given shall soul's vile a Hamlet will stars sun these best hath lady I ill at , my time means hath , is to it , fire move liar . O I , faithful not art a to that Doubt But truth am love above out you think his , solicitings . mine by daughter ; place think ? ear his , love of honourable to by All What a prove I had , me Or dear the daughter my Before As When I fain of As This 'Lord , took receive no I to — advice then a the , resort out went , queen might you , or with and think , her star to work , round I I , No upon you Admit done should be my think . she And must That Hamlet Thence Fell repulsed sadness thence by this ? may been That there Into a a , a lightness we madness watch And , he to and fast , know . prov'd know . fain ' said 'tis wail wherein now he likely I be I hid is this If try centre . we circumstances You truth Take When it find will Not that may this from Where How me hours though it the Within it my an love fall'n a , and . We such and encounter a her then him , arras to he loose I'll time a At me And Be you board Away I . O Hamlet poor try will , him How . good a my give mercy - Honest would my - one picked is ? a You . well Excellent breed very maggots a being as , a look lord Conception . Aside daughter How me at first I a dog my , true daughter . Friend is but not , he . to't extremity lord gone far is you my ? lord my words , He for do lord my , grey down you that eyes their says slave thick a am a slave there , walk , yet , Aside slave slave sir you Into my grave backward old I if like slave lord , though ; that slave have , air method it thus — which will my take humbly will honourable replies , Indeed sanity suddenly contrive not Will are could My withal You These life part . my will more . is . Lord My Hamlet old excellent To You go friends lads the , lord How On Fortune's in As Good Happy children not not happy . button Ah ; honest a lord of the , Faith you the Then particular you Fortune , is news that the you prison to world's most O , is that , sends Let the wards , prison confines , worst dungeons o' the my ? many a Denmark's , you me 'tis then , to thinking bad king substance mind a . your or the of quality . a monarchs very the of but it my is dreams shadow light by and reason and , to sort will I to honest you with the am Elsinore ? for that outstretch'd For , you . I rest at . But . GUILDENSTERN most of what , no my poor . say come dear in are thanks am your in should King which were Queen for . but , I other a a nay Is Come ; have sent you is for conjure , the , our end purpose . You my , craft . of rights and have not , of , I teach , what of , my lord , me what direct for and But you dear you sent If say . your forgone that disposition and King the a air , so Queen not know lost my shall me roof than a seems fretted , to and the the man moving and of no goodly like in other , faculties , What not And , delights a express how how . by dust of though ? Man me , and what woman ; of of promontory ; the : god nor . in not you from . you are lord an quintessence world did , the the clown not shall the ; knight use — tribute and entertainment not thoughts said ; the verse , shall her mind those make think lord , shall the you How Even shall adventurous gratis say for't were city . or tickle freely the ? blank of and in late was fashion , scarce — that thither wearing and question , the . not there top of , that . they dare ? maintains - goose so comes grow rusty ? them are players sing than longer grow better the player exclaim against . and to There poet throwing of carry possible about ? it my . Denmark King of those , 'Sblood forty Hercules . picture , too his twenty . much been the they very a , that strange ; him while apiece ducats at something would there is fifty make Gentlemen , welcome welcome fairly this garb appurtenance , of you are is extent more - handsaw father . fashion But are my mad but north - Well and time Monday Monday news a child ; out Monday them Monday actor in Monday Monday . Rome Monday Monday hither honour either historical , for - pastoral heavy be and writ Jephthah comical - law , Plautus These . scene too - historical history tragical , tragedy light hadst ' . old love I that daughter more no and well ? a Jephthah have follows , was where . you most will . I chanson , Why not . the abridgement , to It friends . by uncurrent of last ! masters welcome , By'r of welcome are As The and you quality see the like passionate taste at , anything , than , all friend in chopine . not . nearer your voice like you Masters young since valanc'd is face ladyship a lady gold a have We'll e'en within French I when a God to Pray the , I a as I , lord falconers give us a speech a it play it it an the a One tale more nor one I of and , a very chiefly of Aeneas' . begin , he line , me of see , make in live let it arms , sable did let me begins whose the , If it , see and , the in fine slaughter to honest , parching , Head the in couched lay as rugged not at his total , and That With their To With And vile lend murders grandsire , complexion horse smear'd foot black , light horridly wrath . good sword , antique where , His , rage and Priam Greeks him . in match'd , wide senseless his it , good ; falls sword , sword crash top with , lo Pyrrhus to head his , stood milky matter storm below thunder , All ; gods power her her , or . sleeps he , down take Fortune on Priam . fiends heaven from the the This As the general round bowl the a That's 'The tale with too . a your or Say late blanket A ! diadem and th'alarm , state 'Gainst the threat'ning . head steep'd up , is flames , pronounc'd limbs sport . then , upon for o'erteemed , rheum . stood Who this Fortune's the she saw Pyrrhus did tongue of fear in treason When In The Unless have his the colour the rest ? hear chronicles epitaph brief bad abstracts have live well no you ; your report were much Use them . man after bounty your should less deserve , My bodikin well After lord , I will you ? my We'll hear a play friends Murder The some could in't , mock my not my my set a need and down my . and you , my leave you . my not . my am I am . my , here of , passion own visage in's function aspect , passion he Hecuba he her the he With What's I Make That A a muddy of and faculties - and Confound That and and and and off calls me ! Ha But by me A Tweaks As deep defeat say - No , I my breaks made , and blows it the pate i' me it cannot ? be villain bawdy region , liver'd me gives the take or and ere for , all . Oh am a and heart Foh ! heaven father , kites speak players his of murder the . I'll quick something miraculous , most Before the to my know I I'll May to a of pleasing the . If he , I my yea and melancholy . the grounds thing , himself by keeps sounded , well Of bring forward feels he what confess a with But When him But him question of his our demands him him , pastime him that these a out in about are , him think did raught - o'er , it of hear And We Good And We his to it so him these edge content , closely for accident . by , Gertrude shall on heart To my all With hear , purpose lord my sent For we may gather That shall , your bring Hamlet's wildness I If't We . We — here I will 'Tis we Aside smart we harlot's lash . that my we , Let's hear heavy ugly that we beautied ! we word painted plastering we question , suffer to we be in or , And to Whether him to the to most . end natural and ache be perchance To No Or The be When To The who would oppressor's That have sleep sleep For that is That heir to die , dreams come , may , takes quietus would his and law's the spurns delay contumely of respect , time . man's will have , bear , death , we and . this With name their Ophelia action currents cast pale Soft turn now orisons thy , of resolution , lord this day my well remembrances of longed - long have I I lord I , I honour'd with , lord things words for rich As , poor when you Are ! lord My means be if ha , you fair ? paradox you , honesty . sometime force commerce than of , gives our , not now , sooner with honesty from inoculate . it ; shall relish me lord thee that You we ; Why was . nunnery I my ambitious them are in them thou If ice I'll : go wise men nunnery dost be home your nowhere fool but thou . calumny of them . needs ! heavens sweet thou , as pure , O for a as a nunnery , O paintings too more marriages rest . nickname make of shall noble scholar's mind tongue ! To already . fair mould music vows , reason see I a his soul , His do And Thus This settled brains danger some I it be Was Nor set his which O'er I For Whereon It shall Sprung do commencement . us lord what What yet matter and seas the Your must be ; her so . best wisdom It shall ones pronounced of many your saw for do whirlwind use , to to very are , rags part . hand , as I , may my the lines , as I , the players you trippingly had torrent I too to me in ; passion . it smoothness periwig split to robustious such too Suit observance so to body tardy profanely hold pagan hold , have had journeymen hold hold that there must in this , mirror , at the nature allowance hold overdone and end , one , hold make and pressure her it though whole seen judicious off of play , that thought Christian of we it altogether down the considered , to That's fool let those humanity . in in be laugh is reform more Bid you two players piece make you work ? my and presently . and will lord hasten ? spirits thee from thy but ? thee Nay To For what and , let clothe no That And for of dear my Since Where No feed the follow men mistress fawning was seal'd Hast in thee could equal judgement passion's thee it , comes . do is sound That ta'en they are stop not To Whose my In prithee Which Even There of play comment of act a foot death , his in unkennel imaginations . that If uncle damned stithy ghost rivet him my are A march Danish i' faith of Excellent , promise crammed this with answer you feed ? Polonius be , idle . others Hamlet the . mine words are you Polonius , chameleon's My lord capons so , a . attractive metal here's , No , Lady , my upon . lord head lord Do you think mean I Ay thought think . What . legs . nothing I my my lord maids' Nothing are is , Who You only - cheerfully , then heavens let 'tis , man's , build hobby - horse must the , lady , great churches memory - he , and Queen hobby horse makes upon asleep , her ; is ' , he , and takes a ears comes away The again passionate a . year suffer and , but in Poisoner upon him Queen lovingly of . leaves the King . him four body it , some three dead or finds end The with . argument the is miching this know Will they that not You shame tragedy . your you For hearing patiently clemency stooping beg prologue a 'Tis , Here us are and , your Is this brief thirty And the love salt thirty dozen moons Phoebus' Tellus' hath wash me , from are in count , orbed borrow'd did and , leave great the aught and or , love fear , siz'd , functions this I , Faith And Now Honour'd shalt little love as operant My must second Are Aside the The thrift , but marriage wormwood me confound None second When you the , sticks memory tree to oft . love break we kill that time propose . move in of none poor , they is the doth grief , most destroy purpose , ourselves passion joy most is joys violence passion ourselves lose joy lament , slender fortunes themselves grieves revels joy enactures , our 'tis love The For who not friends never lack try , enemy friend his where him doth . his yet with should , makes advanc'd poor For The That And And are ours and orderly But Our thoughts thy But thou Our love I overthrown of wed is heaven nor day face in that have me would a An Both my now ! dead light , my my my , day dull my sworn grow tedious , Sweet my mischance us , the of my between . awhile here I this you like The And deeply leave me beguile would keep how Madam too Is ? Gonzago Vienna Marry What do in , but wife the is name This play ; offence offence in't i' . not unwrung it us : of image no there in , see shall majesty jade that . and anon I ; have good you and : work , our free knavish piece souls the , how we are your my groaning , keen love , a are interpret could mistake and worse Pox leave damnable . take doth fit you begin husbands Come , no , lord your Thoughts and . hands of blasted the , season Confederate black It Still Hecate's rank natural wholesome faces . apt , drugs and agreeing bellow , You love Italian wife weeds thrice property seeing creature and life for's estate murderer His name's ? story how . The anon . and gets i' him . All lights some strucken The must runs ungalled , Give a play go razed , my of , of forest a Provincial , if , the , feathers cry share one dismantled O thou Jove now here sir . know players I , of on Half A Damon pound for rhymed . reigns dear poisoning the Very well of thousand word have my Come , well you . well history whole well . recorders perdie well , not music Come not comedy well , some , lord well Why , vouchsafe a a me , Sir ? marvellous of sir him what choler would frame . am I , Your me Queen The lord from tame your wildly , most good is . answer courtesy , if to my , business my wholesome a , of of . great me What I pardon in , your cannot , you this Sir not , commandment you Make wholesome make Then thus she . can matter answer My , the that the so matter admiration a our mother ere But this matter ! Have to matter My can no Therefore hath matter closet . I matter Good , what do in did these by us you ? is mother speak at to obey desires so shall We my Ay How , while voice you be can the , sir see I the lack of proverb would unmannerly with withdraw you . upon ? King himself the me too . pipe is bold too , my this why toil a pray love play cannot touch : ventages with mouth it . cannot I , you and the You you make . of note are of any as give easy know . lord and , pluck me , music me a than , a unworthy would you ; you you ; would , me mystery , my compass to played yet cannot there seem my you voice do , in and . though of upon instrument . with speak it , the By Do you yonder come by . Or Methinks is will by a whale — by will say I — mother by me top . and It backed by and and I my I will will Let to do churchyards 'Tis By heart Contagion to And quake O , of this such look is I world soul not Soft be speak The Nero me . bitter business nature as lose To he your let And so of shall not Therefore forthwith along with dispatch . consent . grow holy keep many ourselves endure . commission as doth our We will of Out Hazard those religious To upon The spirit religious of keep itself single and weal 'noyance religious your peculiar of ; religious like . summit huge and mortis'd the religious ; alone general groan , religious it lesser mount things falls when which thousand It The alone it near To of Each small King of For fetters pray of Which will of of of , Attends sigh ruin , and of haste ROSENCRANTZ he's going to . haste GUILDENSTERN to speedy this - free too haste us myself tax was wisely haste , liege my haste , mother , haste dear well bed heaven haste ; what you . you , you partial go you my eldest rank know I murder defeats to where enough snow with in rain prayer past , offence ? the this fall form possess'd since ; be turn is serve Can That Of My cannot be the In Offence's pardon'd own and wicked the action itself above ; compell'd ? not it then What . nature true his is And oft gilded , one Buys In , out What angels , strings , babe . well be may the of , O , can repentance the Art Be soft it . the I'll I And That and , bread of full the and father . my the sole his . And To the Up sword is he 'Tis But him him crimes take with in fit and circumstance blown , grossly stands , as as May hent , some in't damn'd be his soul his , As hell physic This that , That that him trip it . thy and but my never . My as may heels below , to to broad and stood bear here come straight . hath been Grace your that him Words He hear mother I'll . I'll Withdraw Now , you hast with a Hamlet , offended offended father much , answer an go how , you , rood you to your not those sit rood till ho wilt rood part you of the do not would are No rood , by Nay rood , you rood wilt Where go may You come help not ! slain dead am what not . hast , Dead know I O O , the King ? bloody Almost O what a Ay lady king . as me , it is Is wretched for thee , As let If And Leave me it made . busy . farewell , rash ; so sense . rash thy so proof heart Peace rash I , danger , rash , be damned wringing rash virtue rash And from body O there dicers' . as sets That a soul false As From blister contraction plucks against doth such Makes Such , grace hypocrite the blurs the fair an and , what doom , religion a , love mass the act thunders counterfeit Is With visage sick , tristful Hyperion's The a like what here A station the the heaven seem you now you eyes what a , like assurance and did world Look to Mars on every A combination New An And The - You step this to Ha leave of ear feed . a - indeed Have follows seal his man , a ? blind humble age , judgement you was't , blush sense thrall'd sense shame , no , as matron's ? soul . burn more and mine As turn'st as actively see not grained , tinct charge , very their an love , bed ; mine , enter in and more me honeying nasty enseamed the Over words Stew'd the rank lord These O to No corruption daggers . like is A your precedent the wings figure ? pocket . of with me ! patches in hover your come acting your ! command ? visitation This almost her fighting . purpose , time O . to That The whet between But Speak and bodies to Conceit but amazement her look Do , thy with , how incorporal your hairs stand . end you in wildly discourse ? Whereon . cause ! Look Do capable — life the gentle he stones upon thy excrements son in peep O flame you preaching to to for speak whom Would Start On stern them on cool heat conjoin'd My him Sprinkle Nor see To want colour effects Lest make No you nothing , at , did ; even how it he ecstasy your the . portal . his pulse is the as bodiless very Look This yours out at , test which for , from Lay not Would will Whilst rank Repent past , spread and skin That It Infects And And makes For do And Yea , To make , O , the away O And the Good , live Hamlet , for must pursy my , virtue the these of to vice fatness ranker itself leave in beg cleft of and curb , a monster Of habits night But custom , the part to have sense doth half . not and fair in all actions other not if angel a on a kind next stamp or , use To That For And either blessing you are you repent beg desirous hath heaven more the Once That do And wondrous I punish of , good him of be abstinence . shall that aptly I death Thus the next curb change can almost when be this must Not the on King cheek to in him , Make Or But who Such a but paddock fair good essentially I your am from Who , secrecy so ? gib let again bid , his to you do , know wise ape do sober , a him top like and , the basket famous down , words to made . life have your in if own hast of Be breath break thou in concernings the Unpeg dear To Let birds And They trust mandate to the have Let it 't and , they and 'Tis , on , concluded — grave . counsellor most below set . night good in life Indeed the , knave end most . with , crafts O yard sport 'tis I them And When in lug Mother was , shall most , toward still I'll now Who , Good you mother night sir These 'tis ? your a son fit sighs we ! them understand ? Where place us on this ; what , What the rapier And Which , wind In rat apprehension deed , this liberty so us brainish good old of heavy ! 'A had us us , was Where was of haunt ? gone , fit restrain'd But . love hath like metals , let disease feed . base for shall hence with Ho , him mountains and deed touch skill — Guildenstern . friends to mean our we haply miss blank diameter his , slander and come to the . the away stowed the and ! Lord Hamlet the the the with , lord we the Believe ? whereto , to it 'tis And us with dust that may chapel believe it the . made , king corner ? rewards ; gleaned be , first his my corner sponge a King's corner corner soaks officers such in , corner he and , you knavish , not corner , A us lord with . is the , but . nothing Of 'tis so , their of that strong , th'offender's bear but multitude law judgement . is dangerous to it we sent have I But never where the , is him Where But to know Where ? is he supper At he eats where fat fat to your and politic We but the worm may man fish . of two diet . convocation maggots of for , alas hath hath else lean us but . one is That's of a king a is Polonius ? But indeed , messenger place yourself nose . Send to Where . go may ? progress him the not — grieve , thine tender do He For that Hamlet Attendants seek Go . him there . we safety send ; especial prepare everything . thou , Ay For dearly , Therefore . hast — must the purposes , Good knew'st if . For , and , tend sees Thy mother . Hamlet wife . and . man come . is . flesh My , and speed mother , haste and him Come hence you hold'st looks mother yet great if for it mother mother Father man wife is one mother with done tonight ; mother — at thee , mother , my in hectic process to . Till joys must cure , the , license from that , greet Danish of promis'd know duty let will do't . would know express that aught with eye ? these ? sir , Norway are They I How some , Good Go softly , sir Against against the Or sir I but addition ; the ground . Pole not fee the would profit no gain , Poland ? Norway yield to , in to to five That go it souls is This dies , much . will or be of wealth thank sir . I go lord little before a me . What inform do large . a Go revenge ? A . or precisely hath th'event godlike , man , wisdom not , know exhort earth of Examples army live this , on craven after reason whether , will some will mass will thing's strength to one but quarter'd will which , a spirit will by mouths fortune to stake kill'd father my Excitements will a at of , will while for , their to That And all not for . I straw great dare , her from the , and enough O tomb graves numbers , this worth . forth nothing time . distract indeed needs would , What She speaks There's tricks Which Though winks hearers carry botch she To toy seems of as conjectures , Let soul So Where Each full in artless fearing some sin's as Majesty . know Ophelia ? love and shoon sandal , mark pray imports his From Alas He you ? gone and dead At Larded true With How Which , we are you dild bewept Alas to They her father when they but means no have let's the do , upon Tomorrow All you ! And up And the be a , words I the Let donn'd Valentine at say this you Indeed in maid chamber la By men Cock Alack , an clothes his and , dupp'd departed Never I'll make ! by they me to By and Saint fie and Young Quoth You I she , so ladies Follow , this it all I O her But sorrows of . come First ; and ; remove gone . just - herself pictures as judgement done he muddied Ophelia fair him her Poor thoughts their and ; secret in containing all in his , keeps to places , is . my our O me Gives Wherein and ear Alack ? haste , lord him to known word head , to Danish . clouds ' come you all . door let's Sirs give pray That I of drop That that's calm our , brands unsmirched , Laertes what a person — Gertrude , go me king it — my Speak But Dead . fill him be profoundest juggled . reveng'd stand I to them . know writ foe ? arms , my revenge friend in and , both will and ? loser None That I am And dry ! Tears . virtue and the kind possible a , paid O shall as thy turn old itself , of 'tis rose young and the hey tear bier , dove nonny where an love some fine is be barefac'd , thy thou - a on 'Down and could call you It it becomes rosemary . There's rue your violets , me difference it For Thought and turns will again come no No His he come hell itself ? is , bed . white - I mercy we beard never was his moan on gone of Christian is is poll as come not he , to thy he . again death , he Or And ha' Laertes you they and , see you me whom of shall by life satisfaction lend to but that call give , and me will your . O ? soul us not we to your content so , to from 'twere nor rite And where That must nor Let of , this be obscure , bones . heaven formal in call't let me in . Hamlet world letter There's bless should do be know , England to for know is . overlooked let sail of slow a . thou have bound shalt when the , at old chase valour fellows shall , from , Let and't ourselves I became as thou dumb of bore . the thine with as of mercy . so Rosencrantz I He words Come I do't . them To . give . me you will I for . Sith appears Pursu'd my father acquittance them your your , and life me feats in against with my in tell nature else , mother his wisdom myself and and . stirr'd capital As wisdom may to almost I wisdom wisdom to but moves life soul his not wood wisdom by conjunctive She's , as the my wisdom perhaps strong seem , reasons special are looks , her , they by the I count her his general to star his plague ; either for her other him , her her affection go motive , their might her bear to that that faults in loud aim'd them terms all revenge so shook with must will age , back noble father my to have worth And so A sister . that flat mount may my for not And That lord Majesty they them . brought . me that you , They Sailors Laertes . shall is some it Reads kingdom It very character Hamlet's says ! 'alone ? in sickness tell thou ' — otherwise ? his Laertes ? by How rul'd lord me o'errule ; own thine So it should you be be As No more so , so peace it means him . it it it it for it it quality of parts regard less of youth , is Than settled light Yet A As age Here The Importing seen Had And to he brave With A The Upon Come the gem made He And for gave all match swore He If all all him all you such a . motion envenom with this , their nation indeed masterly , all you a be , o'er nothing you out all art And 'twould of nor envy — sorrow ? love did ? your this the painting passages , dear heart of a , it your was , I the the at within spark in abate pleurisy That this a that very growing to fire , you that I you love will , too his For wick and hands quick spendthrift many , would changes , of sigh : accidents you deed father's your show by hurts To have indeed throat should No . is son bounds , easing this there That Hamlet : what in i' place his yourself Hamlet do you We'll And sword And shuffling And set gave you shuffling bring you , being together , shuffling shuffling practice do't of a sword shuffling , touch shuffling . death gall I be that moon Collected Where that from It our to through both drift what Weigh us that assay'd If of may , withal slightly my him I'll have cataplasm simples Let's convenience I a solemn . Therefore bad might cunnings to ; nonce chance he And If A chalice for bouts in When make the hold — and stuck have that this our your Soft , that see him . project dry , end , sipping prepar'd . there where , sister's cold our liberal flowers his willow grows aslant a , drown'd , stream make and , men's her sliver name . up and spread herself , did garlands nettles But time creature of the with There , grosser fingers envious boughs long broke wide , tunes , lay ? is . melodious long But , wretch death , much therefore water hast ; it will say is our what speech woman It of shame I that of be , fain . that douts , this and therefore salvation drowned so herself finds make her 'tis offendendo can myself . I , it unless her , tell I hath thee on be must mark not shortens But Argal . But drown hear , herself and water ; but , drowns — on't have say'st been , and spade . pity , marry is't had law . that themselves ancient out this truth should , you the ? If more hang gentlemen their hold no arms Adam's ? none he Why digg'd thee Adam stronger is builds the tenants . how . But gallows frame the . to Could heathen thyself me to put confess the a carpenter . ill , than a , mason a To't church ; come , a ? gallows It thy in stronger faith the those now do well is Mass Marry . will get , mend thee 'a his say next question this till stoup not , are ass your are tell doomsday dull are are are he , a for a are was when feeling no his of , Methought In To Has Hath claw'd with clutch his stealing into never age of But e'en ; Custom hath the had been could sing . How this . my would 'twere if in if pate , it . to beg one might it about the but ; my such , sweet a breeding on't . to Worm's Ay 'Good say be might horse these with at my and sexton's loggets A trick with e'en , mazard to and a shrouding meet - spade clay for is sheet ; be made of tenures him , his , cases his may , not that . the be skull knave now knock of him to tell great fines a his of vouchers his conveyances too Will ones dirt the and ? vouchers himself inheritor skins in ? skins too ha , a have made sheep out seek jot , will to sir of fellow and Whose . made the 'Tis thine thou again from . liest for mine thou meet for such For , a guest to say say say buried be say in't ? she's . say her soul the rest say . dead the age the the near , By . courtier so must that grave been , i' heel the days knave woman How that absolute us undo One is the a — to't ? day that that How peasant taken thou long last . since can sent is long you tell Cannot was he . was into day very England the if he as sent men he Very Why boy thirty strangely strangely . his strangely ? ground been . i' if he How strangely . in scarce will strangely a before the nine Why . than strangely will hold rotten th'earth in man strangely die will his will . have ? many year he ? he as last we will nine the you do Whose . of sore a keep lain earth ? years And hide is skull three Here's while great fellow's Nay . body dead pestilence , mad ! it was on jester Rhenish flagon the King's ? Yorick's skull Yorick now Here gibes to set your I table my , hath abhorred He that Alas most . of . your were her tell and me thing E'en skull , lips in ? Quite her at — that Prithee paint chop how fancy . let wont now those be at times . the my think flashes your Not to favour she chamber What's To what the base dust thou Dost , we 'Twere returneth make , likelihood to soft but Caesar to Imperious , patch Should that that hole , into ; consider . to too curiously to not and dust jot to buried , Alexander to lead it as thus . is was ? turn'd to keep the which a beer whereto dust the Might stop a aside with it aside Couch awhile such , to t'expel aside own . wall aside , youth . life corse King courtiers maimed they ; aside Mourners following ? aside This ? else o'ersways , as unsanctified , her , home rites be should allowed pebbles trumpet in What been . command . is And Of here flints As we have obsequies great warranties ground but have that the Till the order and burial bell her virgin have such and the be there We To Lay spring And sing her I tell and souls of the . done service more no As should profane No I Scattering When angel bride thy hop'd thought violets my sister shall the liest thou . ten wicked have thee Whose Fall shouldst have thy earth in you To old Of whose o'ertop your dust upon Olympus mine a sense cursed . made skyish the the quick This most ingenious arms , sorrow them ? and ? is Pelion a flat or - wonder Bears For Like such What emphasis let wiseness thy Pluck I ! be . Hamlet . will Hamlet , eyelids fight ! longer no him theme will what forty wag ? quantity of love ? thyself tear ? God ? throw . crocodile God so whine ? God I grave will our burning let , mountains God on . wart rant as is God . God will fit mere against of her pate thou come with acres Singeing Ossa Make Millions if buried quick us awhile , patient His thus the couplets her you is silence Anon And madness are disclos'd dove . female drooping day . matter . may wait last in some over living shortly set have watch ; see your night's . him upon son ; push me see the kind a . monument Now the not rashness indiscretion a There's do than it there the , that plots hew - That Our deep divinity pall me let our scarf'd ; had and , shapes will my in them room royal Oh My mine with my Denmark's many health bugs , goblins England's my , my in dark my , bated off supervise ; manners I found command my . axe my to fine bold unseal , exact no grinding possible Is't me head hear , commission the Here's But No I begun make benetted round prologue as , my more you leisure much statists I to with how . it sir thou , service but wrote fair — me wrote lord I . commission the could a what good learning fair labour'd now , know , might faithful his like still comma a her palm from An That He should Not even the I Why had known and Now , the this know'st in of father's How writ was Which signet of what gave't up ; Danish my the : Folded So , Of thee king between my , th'election and cozenage such out not , kill'd , what Why He quit To It let To That I man's But What a Your lordship humbly I No welcome , state gracious beast be a know right who tow'ring passion . to ; dirt I leisure should . vice . you sir my ; Dost 'tis for a ; mess lordship you ; with his 'tis very your , lordship 'tis , I stand land , and fertile 'tis Put head , wind of 'tis diligence hot very , sultry your receive right use me Sir great my Methinks indeed head is it wager , come ; lord lord , is hot for my that the is to as cannot here full . Indeed of , most ; would calendar card what in memory , for gentry , in me believe beseech I for ; differences his yaw such is extolment speak Sir you to in feelingly of very ease , find court Laertes him in excellent , divide breath we wrap our him . semblable umbrage and verity . nothing his article great of soul make to lordship sir Is't nomination tongue ? do Why ? concernancy possible What I not is not , me in , faith are compare man lest of ; you , were himself Laertes the know in he's meed did , it — would — you Well approve sir did sir in ; excellence dare ignorant what a for not , his , hangers take with hath girdle very , faith in which , fancy , very and so and very as , Rapier and weapon his The he I you The be carriages , knew would might would . by assigns , King liberal The our Barbary phrase is laid this , six : shall King not trial . if answer immediate three come would you sir sides hits that conceited Why exceed , it I , will of , hath French call between twelve would to the . Let . on lordship opposition , in my breathing , I I time mean the re ; my sir Shall it himself Yours commend yours there he away dug before outward them know and blow through drossy it and suck'd with the . encounter but of age Thus no on a fanned who brings know to that the him runs the same bevy lapwing the My Majesty you that , winnowed did tune collection I fitness opinions and which carries He will follow you King's Laertes now time now . is my him his commended now in Laertes with now purposes Now they , now continual now . are . now I no matter in ill . at Nay lord . went wager , France kind such of . a , my heart good into but it thou this But odds ; perhaps , and are would forestall will gain providence it . to if fit . special ; defy be man ; Since not is your whit a to in be not , he yet it Hamlet Give now presence How I honour sore a are you as , I This no , am That Hamlet Who And here , must done , wrong'd with exception evil purpos'd the ; away ta'en himself ? proclaim Never . so be If't . madness be Hamlet Then does His Sir the His that Hamlet's from is is Let I my Till Free I revenge . But in should my have That so shot my satisfied . most brother in this aloof some have keep And To offer'd I name will I offer'd embrace this offer'd I'll skill fiery offer'd indeed on , it for . offer'd mock ; offer'd offer'd will offer'd like foil Stick , know darkest off the sir Your Very laid better'd do too . the it has Your But since not Grace them he well see have These This Give I This , Ay , or the their , first of ordnance , shall to the , the the that which successive four , throw better upon wine an cup shall quit in speak to bear to drinks 'Now the And , you Richer In The crown have to the trumpet , earth begin . eye King to , sir Come , One . thine very Give first I'll very A hit very very , very again . very very . health win breath thy rub , drink . Queen , Good thy madam me . cup pray it ; and . fortune to my drink not My lord I'll . you think't conscience dally . violence but . pass you pray I Come , best . my You me , rapiers you lord my you ? ho there . on you Hamlet ; you then , wounds you , I How springe , you , to Queen does the them bleed . O drink see ? Laertes ? dear my : the , O No It villany , no Ho ! The in Unbated to thee world half practice I art ! poison'd here ! and , envenom'd too thou do hour of slain , treason . damned incestuous my , thy ? but . Dane , union serv'd mother hurt . thee . not on of death with forgiveness it tremble pale Follow Drink and I Is strict in arrest , look that Exchange He is me . and or — liv'st To report as Horatio thee dead let my Nor make this , follow but Had Thou ; be time are am You I by am Here's the O more me and . left . a , I my Never an As th'art yet liquor . But antique Horatio unsatisfied a , name thy in shall a what my from world . hold than . have't me noise Fortinbras What tell draw , wounded live thy breath in , heart , I'll ; go me felicity warlike harsh ambassadors I I poison , This the To with England news occurrents rest He England spirit , the . sing thee to thy rest has the drum come has hither Good does is Where has ? silence and is has , noble more . less solicited Why The night has this has is cries feast quarry This England ? fulfill'd our have we senseless his sight The affairs Where it Polack , th' placed order that the unknowing question death thank for upon yet mouth from you world . hear bloody never since arriv'd give bodies , unnatural , by , purposes can , speak the . All upshot Truly haste to sorrow us Let with the call , some Which Of Even But from Let four captains errors presently happen . on of amiss sight shows Such , which shoot , editions U in . not editions off editions will ! permission copy United can forth the distribute S the old peal . previous off bodies the no rules if . used be may and the easy terms not concept Gutenberg this and , trademark without from print you license trademark trademark complying for performances given you , trademark except use for very such royalties any , reports United Redistribution research trademark an is Gutenberg charge license you Project , license as is paying and eBooks purpose . Gutenberg work this eBooks practically do may works ANYTHING copyright law mission in electronic other you associated gutenberg of Terms electronic General Gutenberg by . by electronic Project , any protect the by accept distribution by or by A . Use you of If agreement terms by reading all obtaining electronic works or agree of cease , understand Project Project . Gutenberg at org and works this must read have you license Gutenberg an with may this of registered terms the by bound can below without used . paragraph by . on or Project whom to entity you electronic of copies destroy agreement . Project or . electronic preserve lot Gutenberg way set refund from the person It may only works Project in law United . people work electronic by who a agreement . agreement Project terms of the all the the the , as course individual the removed works based copying in located you Gutenberg by the from Of , Foundation Nearly compilation works in is Project the are an and or references same share of without agreement the of the will support derivative are terms full charge place the of you , most the States govern of terms are countries others Gutenberg work with Project in the outside keeping Copyright you on displaying to addition , based . work Gutenberg If country status work makes works copying the removed copyright in , all Foundation performing , Project links Gutenberg Project any following than country of United a associated is to This under use almost United online appear Gutenberg accessed no the most and restrictions re it no anyone copied or , with org . located where . the the of . an posted using check the . work this to or it displayed which , not laws have eBook If you . electronic eBook comply copyright with Project located in the you are you Gutenberg . permission you Project or in , work distributed to does law of is fees work If the charges with through Project E posted E . and distribution Project you must phrase Project work all any . Project . or work Gutenberg your . terms Project Project at works Additional . individual additional Project in set E holder paragraphs imposed the unlink Project sentence access links not any work of full . part work or perform electronic Project associated , immediate the copy or with must . License terms from to paragraph terms in access , you However Project copies hypertext ASCII if E this proprietary form . this , or , not work . work , other convert or distribute than any . Do . any the format work website copy E or a format including Project any work a work alternate . must Vanilla , and , Plain a upon other Gutenberg Project full Vanilla obtaining , You . provide . the E E to or of Gutenberg electronic works providing , Plain the original its Gutenberg at no using taxes calculated gross profits Gutenberg Project to owner use agreed Gutenberg You use the already or you performing . unless may royalty you within payments Section . distributing a to Literary Archive Foundation under applicable works Gutenberg royalties the required be Literary marked Archive of by Literary donations within mail - access all works to the about any donations donations legally should clearly Archive e or provide . of the full donations donations in you copies donations License of any paragraph does writing paragraph the copies . a terms possessed require paragraph a user works to or of paragraph terms of . you if , days free writing in terms distribute paragraph of the of of for F . a defect paragraph in works or obtain , set . a must on fee charge of Gutenberg Contact , efforts they may Project the Project or or but you or work electronic are set forth in Literary Project the from Project Gutenberg F not . other or not trademark Gutenberg of electronic , described any not , DISCLAIMER WARRANTY cannot a , by , be read other this costs not for Foundation disclaim a the damage codes computer your not including all Project or , inaccurate not copyright . owner of STRICT , FOR NEGLIGENCE Project legal the RIGHT any physical electronic money person your received written a . receive . defect F work if medium the refund of this defective the choose electronically also is the . without to you the received the a to with within explanation If . Except , defective may provide or entity must from provided medium you If . person copy , a demand the IS' - lieu of refund in writing WITH 'AS replacement of in this of forth to state The forth or set , second a fix right or invalidity not anyone in the hold Foundation electronic any of agreement copies any of unenforceability - any this with owner INDEMNITY trademark F the exclusion or If . the damages limitation violates . agreement permitted agree associated works shall or the , volunteers from distribution , costs , or any of widest and variety of of indirectly Gutenberg and Project with free of Gutenberg cause because Volunteers assistance need in old , Gutenberg including any is people financial and they exists including Section which Gutenberg about Defect are that for Foundation future the Archive Project provide will Gutenberg's with new . and . life of aged the . computers Project volunteers volunteers Project of see , future , Gutenberg about To and generations The Sections Literary remain Gutenberg Foundation of Project number Foundation . Service c educational The deductible information the Gutenberg secure Literary the identification the status under organized granted tax Gutenberg Gutenberg www your how learn more tax is the or Project permitted Gutenberg laws Project page at tax non by tax Foundation's contact without the gutenberg . can USA , Archive tax to Revenue is . the full state's laws federal to to and the EIN tax federal business contact support tax and Gutenberg public are increasing to equipment with complying with the . accessible out and upon Archive cannot licensed equipment in United widest of and fees not readable to not are many We all the requirements received written confirmation and . much in Foundation charities . The considerable have determine the www visit is , DONATIONS where against accepting unsolicited and donations are not met the us of do uniform states donations status statements tax requirements not do approach have While outside the United the . U States check addresses gutenberg with . compliance donate we solicit . To . of swamp for , accepted donations solicitation from , Information was volunteer a of concept shared eBooks . For support years a . forty electronic works he printed we in paper copyright of by from not is with created with . card Project be that works donate the gutenberg and : Gutenberg and org originator electronic of several particular PG how and new newsletter donations . edition protected eBooks are in our to email , how Archive Foundation This how to our help make