Stand Stand Stand Stand . much I relief Stand . bed 'Tis to Stand , cold Stand heart guard a rivals do meet . good Give I hear them to to who Give place farewell think the night good you - night , Barnardo . soldier , O , has piece Horatio good Welcome is us along hold fantasy nothing A of him , this seen I What With He approve , Touching And dreaded says watch again entreated him of our twice not our I take him minutes the are Well us again . down have once us hear against assail story , of star course t'illume , bell The off . Look same made the then from , this all one King , that's the like scholar beating In dead . and , It would it , like It art a it with ? King . art with By majesty fair and that thou sometimes Most like Together Did ! I . charge it march In 'Tis now How Is Horatio gone Stay ! is ! thee speak ! believe ! not Of like ! I my the it not sensible something not : armour th'ambitious thou Without So frown'd When Such God mine art King and true . avouch had he to own eyes thyself ? As gone I my eruption strange what the some in stalk very was , before he twice With In And nightly this now strict and sit Good Why Does not What toils the toward that I ; the with labourer that from haste , war of Sunday , Doth make So Why such impress the for of . Hamlet , Norway King us to Our - is't Who the might divide can . know you as Thereto to slay , so the side even Had Which he he our which , inheritance King had return'd , there , cov'nant conqueror his , Fortinbras same design'd and mettle , lawless which by unto , to some resolutes and full sir article as the , hot is state other , list a up the skirts of stomach it food For As terms to by So But father the it it is this portentous so . dead eye King wars these so question the of Rome fell mind's Julius and doomsday the , and Lo comes , of ; and to together ! of . still preceding with events , demonstrated ! voice Stay illusion . or , sound any hast thou Unto our it . done , life , in ! and of earth death walk , spirits speak ! Marcellus Stay , Or speak speak Extorted , which Which thou speak speak speak Do speak strike , here , mockery when , started our offer do with his the , It Awake To his in Whether then , are The It , nor that . shrill - his air warning is season . the of fire on Saviour's no , say of our the object And erring ; planets the mantle clad part russet high , seen tonight my hill advice believe ; Hamlet young Unto spirit us our we Let , dumb we loves shall , fitting life , him by . eastward ? it with our death morning it Attendant conveniently this I duty , Where and know eye , auspicious one With In equal one with think , joy defeated warlike remembrance jointress our To With mirth With we , Taken affair nor . Have Together we so our in hath with to a state , on him thanks herein we have have and and 'twere with wife weighing dole brother's of with bonds much of , Fortinbras our gone , him writ Fortinbras have his and know young all you worth , dear out dream disjoint late our hears : law frame advantage lands all those us surrender business his : this For Out Of impotent and herein subject no further and , Cornelius , Norway with . that , Norway dispatch than greeting nephew's So for . levies here purpose the scarcely ; proportions and business To Farewell , all Of Giving ; We to the dilated and and that these let you his gait and full lists The lose , now of voice thou the what's suit my the beg to the . your VOLTEMAND things will What not heart the Dane mouth instrumental native . wouldst offer , France Dread throne hand The That . reason thy to lord return came duty , of thou my , favour willingly I show and , slow my says . France pardon and , hath you By He Have From leave What I Denmark ? your that to toward coronation again laboursome petition seal'd go me leave my kin A Take How is And best Laertes , I thy thy , now Not , my that cousin lord , than Hamlet it ; time ! i' colour ever look I am too still , at graces hour spend and my nature common , thy Why it seems , 'tis noble all to common , suits my Nay madam know'st Thou , for with ! alone nor Nor 'Tis , No windy all with ; indeed might a that that These within your these sweet 'Tis That father must the they For That Nor To In obsequious obligation condolement . your lost , lost impious stubbornness do It most . for some term bound to is But lost the suits your father , mourning you any Fie in a unschool'd impatient unfortified we our mind heaven to sense , cried hath earth to throw today died you think note , whose fault common nature , who , absurd till to immediate you is I the Than are father ; with be most . school retrograde and cheer most And Do It From must of You so . ' We pray , of bears bend to back courtier And toward to in father our nobility impart no less For his our you , Hamlet ; come , and loving heart unforc'd Denmark a gentle to Denmark drinks whereof . reply . I I pray thee in , Be No that O canon How 'gainst Or Thaw this the , me Fie to ! this had Everlasting , O 'tis Oh His That it should come to unweeded world ! two not in was , this God not flesh flat , and unprofitable ! God ! dew a into itself resolve that to the nay a satyr ? increase — month and , Frailty she within a ! nature to my and on hang winds . loving ; of thy would yet , had name shoes my she , uncle she old month mother , him of Why . no Within like of father's poor that Hercules more my eyes galled most in left I brother A what Must break heart nor most wicked cannot I is With married . the to yet Had for , to flushing , to father , tears to ! must her . your to I , am I The same or glad . It Hail And change from lordship : myself , make My Sir my forget see servant Horatio lord . Wittenberg lord from lord good , you . that say so your good my even Wittenberg you disposition ear of violence . truant ? Marcellus hear do you shall Nor yourself came A would make , your - depart father's in truster I is you not see drink to I to it follow'd me see hard mother's , ere are your . funeral Horatio heaven . day that forth Horatio lord it think I I coldly , do lord , Indeed Did Would father ever I Thrift had I had met the eye lord my mind's was , eye ? my see I . yesternight eye . King My , Saw eye lord shall a was eye He eye upon look his attent the of - A , watch your till a I these you he pie night the their fear they and , before and truncheon's ; and jelly they , whilst fear them figure like - encounter'd Marcellus and waste . distill'd , walk'd father , secrecy the to , surprised the and act with Appears Armed By Almost dumb In thing comes each I like your kept did . cap solemn impart ; good . where the But deliver'd , we platform word made had deliver'd , apparition deliver'd lord where deliver'd this ? deliver'd did , head , at deliver'd the answer Did My it it the it shrunk and My none strange . like then none you lifted even do , 'Tis Itself none none As made But none And very , it none our 'tis away loud crew cock haste , none . duty troubles toe to ? you say , but sirs MARCELLUS Arm'd Arm'd from his ? foot O my saw , he his . my My up beaver you look'd than . frowningly red , constantly . there ? you , haste BARNARDO and like . Stay'd have . been . it much you long was when Longer MARCELLUS , as While , grizzled watch I'll If it And Let warrant Perchance requite it whatsoever platform an the visit . understanding your loves , silence sight person gape , tongue fare , well all , ye . tonight . eleven but no twelve . you So , were embark'd My Till Though necessaries you , benefit , not do doubt Do let , convoy , and in sister me For And from sleep his , favour a sweet , No permanent not , Hold A violet fashion the youth and perfume so of . more no crescent service , unvalu'd ; will for not himself soil withal now he himself his and waxes , not it Think bulk , the of yielding whole state , do must , own depends ; body : birth but cautel nor no of ; and And It fits saying what too with If The Carve sanctity for of particular his voice ; which act Then wisdom deed of , heart Ophelia in the rear , or , the maid of fear importunity honour far loss main the give his your credent your his my not the liquid be of calumnious . imminent . infants beauty prodigal dew , moon rebels are , blastments though lies buttons to desire dear . the most good thorny Do to my heart not Too The Be canker before morn of safety of path of . th'effect steep like Whilst I . in fear else . his and . for . comes double ; you , with blessing memory in my of Aboard shoulder leave a . not me fear . I here , Laertes is here , shame grace steel adoption no , thy unfledg'd comrade in unto entrance Those Grapple Of each Costly as , may ; few thy rich in reserve man And France Are For they of Take Of each dull , can , the in that true friend and ; day . in this to : select fancy proclaims thee lord servants : gaudy a Neither loan edge itself : husbandry the man . tend , said to go my false blessing dulls a both , be . of Farewell lock'd remember ; Ophelia have And my , the your leave you Farewell time Ophelia hath memory and . it you oft very you . of and you bounteous and 'tis , daughter , understand — put must clearly honour . a so the . tell I so caution not you your up , me on Give . girl tenders of ? of behoves between , Pooh Tender . You as affection his Of you such , Which ! Affection do fashion Ay , My — That And given hath it to tenders yourself true pay for wind more the sterling to lord Ay the almost catch burns more not promise heat in both , extinct . maiden higher Hamlet rate is blazes is it for tongue Even the , With springes Giving woodcocks making show suits unholy that him For prodigal these You be vows bawds all he a Lord at parley larger you which for . Hamlet brokers , any talk my Lord leisure this investments they In given that moment from is or I As not Breathing not of The Have to't ; a bites shrewdly is nipping It The I . lord it an obey ? air the near . twelve season . eager now hour What lacks is It wont to . my and and his ? walk ? of swaggering takes , wake his drum - he doth upspring reels down bray his ; rouse thus it born marry ; custom , here . west takes height . them men it indeed of in of wherein they his attribute with observance is than , other tax'd the breach perform'd our addition - our The some ; traduc'd clepe Soil From birth achievements As Oft breaking down habit manners stamp Fortune's infinite , say I virtues Being , their the pales by their in By , own noble substance take of a of dram scandal King will father royal Dane . such ministers Be with Thou thy speak in wicked or answer tell Hamlet I'll blasts goblin damn'd , from , shape me , of fools nature and ; me Why burst canoniz'd Let Have , O thy Revisit'st , thee Hath we his , and reaches you is That thou dead thus why To cast saw op'd Wherefore horridly beyond ? with did . Look waves As Wherefore It you Wherefore Wherefore Say , Wherefore action go not Wherefore It some alone Wherefore what . follow it removed with speak will Do , my I means . No do But what should will And for Why waves forth thing , What it to the me It Being set the fear ? fee pin's can toward dreadful assume deprive you I do my if Or a tempt beetles And draw That And shall Hold follow go your . it motive your might The into puts more place Without looks me Go on roar . my you still hears You waves petty in nerve , off each as As And Be shall ; fate artery that body out He desperate Go ghost . this gentlemen . thee Denmark I'll lets me . follow him say I Let's Have . what in not will . lead me it obey him . come go . me Mark I'll further no , will will I Pity will will Must When to hour will is My up will thou shall bound What revenge thou for certain will when am a father's hear shalt to in night , forbid of stars tale crimes foul And I Doom'd the the a soul like knotted Till burnt and ; day confin'd walk ; from thou ; harrow ; To ; God , must locks start eyes two thy Make ears ; foul this But to me , If of dear List . ever O Murder and his foul Revenge , as in shouldst I May meditation most most , the or thou this on than duller That thou A sting , of death wears traitorous beast ! soul ! life , was uncle , his the lust , did uncle that serpent , that , gifts wit that to her marriage uncle Upon of lewdness Though uncle it went hand in radiant shape as natural virtue to a a celestial uncle itself sate those That From Hamlet , it uncle a scent air in on prey And though to made My always . I will be mov'd dignity that of falling a what love whose But lust soft ! mine I Brief And The juice my secure of of be me swift droppings courses the , of vial pour man doth into , milk with quicksilver did it brother's a body bark'd Most The And with porches blood effect did ears my alleys of through body whose posset mine : smooth not bear most my disappointed with instant smooth like - a Thus Of life off even I , Unhous'led all smooth horrible thou most tetter smooth and vile of my reckoning O smooth of smooth Let of Adieu . adieu . that ; nor damned incest once ! contrive . heaven leave shows her thorns mother thy , not ! earth hell ghost Remember thee ! uneffectual to be . fire thee me , heart . O fie memory . my seat , heaven my ! alone observation table , all pernicious , ' , there copied woman smiling I are , one That , It may O is uncle . secure lord I , you sworn't MARCELLUS , Within Come ho boy my is't my . Heaven . Illo be it lord , Within ho , my tell news my lord ? What my Good , say How But you'll . think — lord , lord I Not be HORATIO by heaven man Nor then ne'er a he's my lord the grave circumstance — shall part ; all ; is . for business that fit your every you whirling words my Patrick to ghost too There's offence , Touching , know And me and . are you desire As is much And an honest . one We MARCELLUS you , tell . seen will swear't , what will lord I . not , Nor , lord Nay lord lord but My and we . In not in faith I We , Upon Ha have my the , Consent you , boy , ha under swear to fellow in stage so there cellarage , that oath the ground our . heard . have you sword my this Hic Swear speak Never And Beneath i' good , gentlemen , welcome it wondrous give , earth come Horatio , your so , mercy and heaven never , soe'er I . stranger but as more are Than That stranger How Once ! pioner stranger day There Here stranger stranger stranger So grace and Or 'Well list you we As encumber'd pronouncing , or out Beneath . do note and , shall never me disposition , this doubtful could : aught know' to rest such speak' of some and commend me you ; So . you do . Swear do do do you Hamlet friending in to lips your love a on of was come , do Nay Give do him will , these notes Reynaldo my marvellous him , go , Reynaldo good . and money shall Before lord , sir nearer and you intend do Of you You visit Danskers means , they finding question , at , what encompassment what said behaviour ; Marry thus your know said well and Reynaldo him of do son demands 'I , part ; ' so and , well mean I very his you — drift more . will friends very there and liberty lord most marry my his ? well 'not none him ; slips scandal it season put he That no That's they breathe must You another would may You the on faults quaintly , liberty incontinency ; taints open that know do this . Wherefore my . lord general A may savageness outbreak the of ; i' sullies a , sir believe a you closes ever Having The , breathe in or 'Good sir He youth party in Your You these laying As By He closes saw with ay know and ? gentleman , tennis' , such or does the was in , ' and I 'I the in's perchance you , did Where . then I 'closes 'closes , consequence' the so 'gentleman day , ' , marry : house . of ; you . and indirections my well , lord . windlasses thus falling There 'I So Shall son you I God lord you , you My wi' my I . his shall let And Observe . matter the in inclination , ply now Alas affrighted Ophelia lord , With name God , with in , my How what's the his down head of ? my his gyved his , I have , Hamlet lord as was his and shirt of lord My To with been knees - his , stockings foul'd fear . his face so hard , brow he bulk down arm , all he but not What ? said wrist of thus the hand such He And last , draw to other held mine and his of Long would he took goes to . me on ecstasy me violent Whose This go the o' to For Come , And does have That as our any . fordoes go the eyes without his , lets turn'd will . last being his to find his He And doors he his way without seek love undertakings , itself , King ? sorry am under words you and . proper hath . it beyond . with him mad me made That that thee to To lack cast is I His did lord I I quoted wreck jealousy age opinions in fear'd he beshrew ourselves for being younger our to kept to hate than close love might King you up and youth days to his Resembles than his of so vouchsafe little That Some More That much on lies adheres so the to show us your and a shall he That Good more whom For To Put Thanks gentle and Guildenstern your full command bent the . entreaty give We up our here , beseech these Guildenstern and to of , you . Rosencrantz . Ay Heavens I And Thanks Pleasant him Hamlet is . and much too helpful to our been ? duty my not the Hunts trail or I , good lord good news Thou Have hath the speak of fruit bring ; th'ambassadors to that great . he distemper found , o'erhasty that and first news me my to long , them marriage friends ! feast in hath . main the from good our out suppress him sent levies our Most The head I Upon fair of , It That hand His his so falsely rebuke vow give Gives Whereon before , levied commission into , age brief in more Majesty joy those soldiers On might please , this to crowns to old th'assay of Norway him Through as entreaty an his So With , three thousand employ in fee annual : Polack the against give safety As we , think welcome well is your upon time - business , we'll us are for to expostulate is time night , and of time , night together labour night well we'll home night rest What nothing , since and the night be night should brevity . for nothing else son noble soul is night business This My Your Your he Your But Your That Your Mad Your I it For say find let pity 'tis , out grant I will A use , it farewell we Or remains , have obedience defective and the . shall , but : a phrase my and duty daughter have a me , ill Good celestial the am Doubt these best . a numbers be I liar , lady , best whilst O to the Doubt ill truth never at doubt sun hath , hath my his this place to not have machine in , thee obedience out fell more above time do they This As What mine , to by ? wing think , book tell must hot what the might you me honourable . love that - idle queen here might , on , to , no from I thy think dumb you , a of his of I love desk or a Majesty daughter Or my she be . repulsed into Thence a a Thence Fell And Admit Hamlet all madness — precepts . her gave resort , declension weakness tale my fruits the , by a — make to that , you fain . be . this it it the me though hid were , if this circumstances If Within we the lobby he ? know a time you such the and How truth walks I . state not , arras daughter him , then to thereon . poor comes and farm a encounter from love he for my . carters . lord wretch leave reading both give , you sadly where Lord , world , to be of lord I ten Honest you Then , very I , You . being lord my dead — daughter true . good . a carrion a , dog ? in sun I i' not me . far gone ; he not but blessing a Friend have Conception Aside he first by daughter . harping I , look on was my lord old have grey . my very my that eyes though men amber thus purging . you a . down and , here , satirical For . they ; to I not be , air my like of matter that their ; madness o' you Will Though I . sir , beards believe , yet , Aside happiness prosperously that out so suddenly , of meeting of him my daughter . delivered of out Into my could My You , lord , not , you except , from pregnant his and him of . part . on I and life my my humbly most will I the lord fools Lord to These tedious is . Polonius go God honoured there , you To You the indifferent friends My lord do how children of - very button Ah ; thou , excellent ? Fortune's Happy my her are are As that cap we happy not the of ? is favours the more grown Neither or about parts the live Faith ? my . she lord is , have Fortune particular doomsday Then , What you your news a confines one there in Then . not Denmark's . one ; Denmark being many to o' is 'tis thinking makes makes were are ambition be dreams Which could , God I space is , I , bad a a very substance a king myself and . shadow airy and so the shadow light and to itself , shadow nutshell have count infinite upon GUILDENSTERN ? of it heroes and quality is outstretch'd I by . and but is of a shadow's a For . rest no too are , man , make occasion you thank free , in visit of friendship lord other ? my am with not I you in such to with me Is poor , honest the servants . But ; sent modesties have have good what the say the in I colour anything enough kind you dear am . But know . should thanks , looks a it nay for sent you of could were rights not there is craft . sent Queen lord conjure me our youth the our of obligation the you you by a ? more what with proposer better me me custom why my , discovery of promontory forgone . your feather prevent I sterile with and and heavily so to golden in , form thing to work , a foul brave noble : woman neither of action how reason in fire me , it o'erhanging . have in the admirable congregation beauty a yet roof earth the frame firmament in world quintessence in piece canopy like me you with , than look me apprehension animals ? though , you did there delights not ; god ; and , Lenten . you offer , coming knight , the Why laugh lord receive king you if when I delights me' thoughts man stuff my Majesty tickle or , man use welcome her freely in players are they the end foil they the those make gratis the Even were He of the shall the hither from adventurous shall shall What mind whose are blank — delight such reputation the ; lover tribute have shall and verse ; shall tragedians lungs humorous shall lady clown their Do think I those they wont chances they did when I ? grow city in better , it How estimation inhibition they and so berattle the goose dare scarce that fashion is but out These that No comes for't are call . clapped little , themselves no are should children grow — writers their can ? now cry , stages ? quality the Who than the do succession sides better eyases the endeavour , they make been them most , there their if exclaim afraid children are of means the controversy and player for cuffs while a Is't to to maintains them afterwards they pursue their ? nation to and the . question possible brains and . too load twenty forty , find 'Sblood give , little King . of picture philosophy could hands . natural in Denmark comply me , The ceremony which entertainment out than . you with are like to fashion the out the appear my outward of lest , should is are appurtenance Gentlemen welcome out you , my out something is in this extent out But more players , aunt the know out . must come , deceived You . handsaw When southerly swaddling an man old — is gentlemen at , with Well north - you Happily news have have Monday the 'twas actor in is You actors are you I honour hither , My , I Upon my actor either historical , Then , tragical - pastoral The actors world - heavy judge the Israel pastoral - These men . the , tragical , ass . best law of . The passing , on daughter fair . i' I Why . and writ . O of , Jephthah treasure . which 'One my daughter ' no more , well Still not right , well then then , most , Why , I , lord , it ? follows , me The , me ? Thy Denmark , valanc'd see to . God you comes friend ladyship ! you and are thee . We'll e'en , to my , old abridgement as chanson pass and welcome good last , uncurrent the . have speech straight to't , altitude last of all speak quality a Come passionate a if million us . Pray God ring remember , speech . falconers What I like you , your at , received it not others , acted of method , the make pleased top down phrase wholesome as as and in speech in , to an — lines might that I the excellent , modesty much as in said nor 'Twas . memory It The Black With and the coagulate in with gules parching with a more of and as sable begins he he rugged is and and 'Fore and , Striking , grandsire , short his and thus . tyrannous like , well arm command , His it , falls , light , and . seeks you accent head , matter milky , flaming his wind feel his Stoops to prisoner But Pyrrhus Rebellious Seeming , Then with , sword top hideous his . crash , still Pyrrhus' after new - dreadful orb , work Cyclops' thunder region death speechless , to painted Pyrrhus' was tyrant his against rack a the did armour On The bold the Priam th'air i' seem'd , So And Break In out As winds rend as the hush Doth bowl the to Fortune bleeding eterne , proof for than strumpet spokes round low . to too the Out , synod and take the , fellies from fiends wheel , of her heaven say on . sleeps 'The good bisson barefoot ; of beard is This a your the a barber's bawdry — Hecuba queen' ? up lank had her rheum clout for loins venom pronounc'd steep'd , limbs sport — and , her caught fear and down , th'alarm , in seen treason did sword themselves make things And has Unless of his burst milch them not she malicious tongue husband's in more rest bestowed hear soon of . gods made . chronicles death ; well where I'll will the they you Would The In for the have you epitaph of them . than desert his The and , dignity own better honour desert ill this ? bad Do you . every your in your bounty We'll , is , Ay , sirs hear Can is need Murder my is . The ? a . is . you . lord . which my is , You could Ay is friend lord dozen Very would To lines Follow well would or would are My , you , would , and am alone set . Now . would ye wi' my good welcome , of dream this would , him mock you night Rosencrantz b' that . am till . Good rogue monstrous soul his player , her force a a to whole for stage would to for do tears What , with speech appal free nothing I , Hecuba , her for to should What's broken have , and amaze with And all passion horrid indeed . ears mettled would cue cause peak ; not dear life ? my a across , king , 'Swounds I nose take am my Upon can John , damn'd me villain property nothing - the very The Who A And , Like dull - defeat , and . dreams faculties , say and A whose , was most my Who it the to as deep , the i' face does for cannot be ? pate it breaks in it lack ere oppression make , a heaven dear , my This , lecherous vengeance ! am all the , villain , scene play , soul the Fie upon't Oh ass the cursing like ! the tongue their proclaim'd to organ very sitting ! That Have murder And A the of with hell , looks I'll They struck it . uncle him the devil . I'll the , have ; devil my with potent , of relative than very my is , something like though With no players seen I yea , to mine I know May course to The power Grating harshly why I'll Out pleasing shape and me catch the this me Wherein More what we forward by himself on drift you so cause with him on a When from find crafty madness he receive his state confession ? like forcing with much of you true to . him would we Niggard there raught , o'er To of on it fell way are . it of Most But Did you seem play him Most free , out players that Of before about kind order Majesties matter so him a give , he And Good doth content edge hear it and ; me to inclin'd your see hear all To my and . me hither 'twere Affront encounter that Ophelia for us , here , espials We drive gentlemen purpose , delights to my , sent closely Gertrude of by him be thus your obey you the To your for Of And We Her And Hamlet's gather If't th'affliction That he suffers , again . wish happy cause I . his , Will pious O devil prov'd you . wish it honours your I — Ophelia oft . show here To . may exercise may on that , are art painted to more a deed ugly , the doth too lord , o'er devotion's blame this visage question plastering thing burden withdraw , it helps my to die a ? a and To : the them Devoutly to be wish'd what , a to troubles shocks sleep , fortune of against of that , to arrows the the , consummation to sleep To be and 'tis not arms slings be the so give , whips There's the love of contumely time , sleep come , bear quietus his , spurns , the these life under might unworthy death , bourn weary the will and delay make of law's , takes awry of the regard this enterprises thus the make that , dread grunt To Thus And does name Ophelia Be does honour sins their , of well for my pith and you . many this ; deliver them - a How humbly My have lord I things gifts As the of so ; givers when rich more wax poor Are My your honest lord mind . ha again words , lord honour'd My made them fair honest beauty to , Could power , your commerce honesty should with can That what likeness it a the better , means ? you lordship . have believed my Indeed into it is ; stock not Ay , his lord did sometime than was , Why to indifferent better nunnery but had borne accuse a breeder offences not yet mother beck to time am , crawling of as but should You I shall me for relish of it . I more I could . be the give wouldst in knaves Where's , be O help , that play . he your the , all dost doors arrant We If the ? them Let are shut upon him ! lord as give him , too you thou thee pure well heavenly well restore and quickly . Farewell him if wilt not , of make monsters enough ! Those shall ; I'll the O what as jig . them . God wantonness married your already made that , hath me amble hath are tongue state , mould , form music and with the ladies observers , here o'erthrown is of , deject quite , sword out quite the eye , fair and rose out ! reason tune of is see that lack'd something on disclose not ? out Blasted That sweet what T'have out His madness our with out speed shall in . affections unmatch'd out sits for neglected which prevent , the melancholy There's it the have some be set For objects seas still himself brains matter It all . yet now do us , believe expel Ophelia , think of do What well variable shall , Hamlet round lord not You The shall Whereon We Sprung From England hold and But after , fit My , all be , find confine shall be Of To heard But Let be plac'd let ; best shall Madness it his his you it . unwatch'd , But speech It If please her with him , not . think do very must had torrent offends it , gently Nor many I pray mouth spoke , hear , tongue ones as in your as if crier may to say use it , in tear me to and It it for own discretion with Termagant you fellow of do not saw , of inexplicable . but the passion to , dumb tutor special the , her . her virtue of off tardy body so to now o'erweigh judicious profanely hold seen and observance that from was show play Christian hold hold , hold the action to the word you whole grieve hold time and the o'erstep not which the the others journeymen hold that some for they that your barren indifferently strutted , abominably them then ambition laugh be play there of the play ready most necessary . reform more is in . that some them quantity question be with not , pitiful the players Bid the too How fool the laugh than be , considered it on That's this my King , and haste GUILDENSTERN lord to presently my ? service . hasten at thou , Will you two help ROSENCRANTZ sweet Horatio feed Here , conversation . think my art e'en , do man in ta'en one equal . buffets so fawning thanks rewards fawning been her lick the the of thy her fawning hast , pomp knee thou . judgement not are soul was fawning suffering could And let follow dear thrift crook of distinguish of suffers , fawning for Fortune's fawning And she a please my Give in and the a that my heart pipe and - those nothing Whose Hast That blood There , when To my heart's thee , of of wear him , guilt , face ; foot note playing him will In And If They 'scape aught my lord pay place , flourish march Get the . must our Guildenstern King a Enter . the detecting And censure steal are A , nothing I Danish . you play coming - you , was lord capons ; a good killed . the of now th'university my th' actor you . Caesar , kill'd . brute I was a did , my sit kill . kill ? attractive kill ? me kill lap in lord ho , kill . I , Come Ay , my kill , shall King To I think Ay nothing ? my meant my matters . country lap your lie mean my I . lord maids' lord to is That's a my . a . father do , You , months two Ay What long . O then looks should hours mother my cheerfully Nay Nay by'r on , with hobby horse 'tis months ; epitaph is horse churches may ago , his forgot ! else not my the how you hope lady the great sables twice whose hobby takes . whose off . The crown , with The his whose with her , whose her woos Queen whose to whose returns his King and seeing upon asleep kisses kneels , show him poison Anon upon in ears , in . and body some the this . this unwilling away in again a fellow and in . makes , carried they'll . play keep ; mallecho . the of cannot counsel mallecho ? show to mallecho what all what : players , show to ashamed mallecho you : Be tell us him it naught mallecho , You mallecho by they meant means play the not . tell you'll you our clemency , your prologue to your patiently or for We beg . stooping are this For times salt thirty world have wash a Is And the Unite in , times and many So Make But About Since journeys commutual with Phoebus' . round late , fear your from you o'er ere be and sun so and cheer me hearts our us , So is my I of . state though leave do : too , so . move . you speak . of first . accurst my rest the who me treason be needs must love base second husband think we Are Which But Most to But what violent fall To pay in passion or . lament ; joy destroy purpose debt we accident strange , aye aye . the not , aye joy fortune , needs a never lack a : not aye , prove favourite else our ; on slender aye our man who For doth shall on aye advanc'd down The And But Directly For Whether great And Our So earth lock me But An to To scope hope light are their when first night run , joy , I pursue have what If , Ophelia To and cheer anchor's Meet Both here repose die give thy trust prison blanks hence I sworn grow spirits a she . 'Tis deeply Madam And dull The If Sweet and Sleep tedious too she'll keep her methinks this you between day thy come , but , no you they argument poison you ? offence This call heard the , The murder in Mousetrap . majesty done anon and do in souls knavish the work , us . offence i' is play . are interpret is wince our is Vienna , Gonzago ? 'tis have free withers , see King chorus a we You between the my , I keen leave bellow . my edge could doth for , better cost faces you could mistake and hands season rank apt Come , Thoughts With husbands , worse . thy damnable . property usurp life choice Italian His magic th'garden gets is poisons extant He very wholesome On else , ban Confederate mixture Thy i' written murderer What , immediately thrice . love . and thrice for's the Gonzago's You the my fares The King . lights , All some deer must some go weep strucken . lights let my razed cry a in Half one A with of play Lights , sir a , dismantled forest sir ? if the forest here reigns Of forest A forest O You , and forest forest . a word ? my of well note the I , if some very ! For , Ah ha Why Ay , whole my Good Is in distempered with to . this signify would . frame some to richer purgation , me so ? drink lord put ; rather to his you You my your mother , am far my my , make this not my not do the end my your be my Sir your my Queen The my ; you lord Make you answer or and to you say as My rather , cannot But sir . amazement her . hath behaviour your can : shall What , diseased , you mother mother's of that in this a But ere you with , obey We speak once us her heels , to desires She shall trade our did pickers Have . distemper still , Good door lord were upon own , lack your by my is grows voice advancement King you . the deny the I of these griefs of your liberty O well My understand as the have you when , be that can How me while the to lord , sir , wind but Ay cannot , I , I me Believe lord I do I lying easy it as 'Tis thumb But cannot command to with , breath . give I eloquent Look as beseech , my with stops discourse and finger I ! the not You pluck to , music stops excellent , instrument you Call ? play my know unworthy how seem would my what 'Sblood from it make you than me , is sound thing fret can to compass you you my cannot played lord My you see cloud speak , be It is like Methinks a a like whale fool by and . so will — a . night drink , yawn world on O quake heart to this do lose look , churchyards 'Tis speak be enter now this thy bitter as I time . Leave hell business nature , not not of cruel Nero seals and Let . to ; let ; bosom . consent , use none hypocrites shent soul , be Therefore , my us you prepare endure , you not safe with along estate will so he The We Hazard madness will , is safe your provide fear bodies Majesty , majesty of gulf bound is life 'noyance and peculiar draw doth a wheel , massy rest much more of depend the The summit spokes boist'rous , I the whose mortis'd sigh , petty . put too will goes . upon , voyage , alone . footed this this you but with - us GUILDENSTERN . mother , Fare , I'll to and . free ROSENCRANTZ , he's . said process nature And Since We will wisely some that of vantage makes dear is , my offence the hath , I'll my rank Though sharp you Thanks you meet audience than a o'erhear liege , heaven ? serves sweet Whereto offence ? visage the as confront but in first cursed heavens mercy blood of in the , prayer we what's it there My Were thicker rain prayer And Is That fault be is But I My my Can To not for cannot In one ambition Buys There no the Of out is ambition true teeth What faults action there forehead What can nature shuffling gilded . may of this world ? queen murder ambition the and retain and the his Yet ambition ! what repentance it soul To give the ambition , But th'offence currents seen ambition can in what wretched limed with to born , free as it What assay : death be evidence . can O Make of Now ; Help ? rests struggling . All Be , Art O O engag'd knees am villain his With all heaven A sole , took He father grossly hire do And To his his in and in him heavy 'Tis And how my O . And now . crimes is my reveng'd I this broad I so , and for salary full this of , fit in At Or But To When Up gaming , no may hell his that he is sword swearing relish be but whereto him As he , is has or his his hent : in't bed . sickly damn'd kick some , remain to heaven go him screen'd too have your stood to broad been come will He Tell And his without fly The King never you pranks . home e'en . not , Fear mother hast and heat Much be . you Within Withdraw Mother , you answer my you what's , tongue tongue , husband's brother's . my , that , shall . budge up a not wife are can . to you till see you You What ? Help , go not , then Queen by would You Behind What wilt Where come , And Nay Come Dead How O me O Nay a O . marry bad Almost king bloody know not done ? this , as rash what As a deed as as as A as let Leave Thou as kill thy too hands your wring be , as farewell , fortune so down I so heart be If And of . for custom proof not of . of ? of innocent such a , blush , hypocrite wag and grace of that thou against off Makes the The As What In is damned of of so thy tongue there , glow makes rose . there - and there in what thought words . soul from As A Yea body there of takes virtue And the sets a as there false blister , and sweet . dicers' of there rhapsody very The a there on a like so seem , this Mercury himself and picture was the , to a his indeed kissing , this the of on . man . ear , Look humble judgement you the blood love ? brother Look husband his Could And hey Look Would could Is Nor Look batten serve Look But in apoplex'd to reserv'd without hath cozen'd Look feeling some , this you from day on motion ecstacy not step you sense To That Eyes without hands . Ears but eyes , it thus Else for judgement ? at hoodman , true sure ; ne'er without is choice thrall'd sense ? so would difference , part or so If Could not Or reason itself compulsive her youth speak charge , burn , as , soul spots Nay the in there will , Over In As eyes as mine Thou not Hamlet into black their ears grained ; kings the and empire vice Hamlet in , murderer of shelf in it No cutpurse A words These Of from a me You heavenly A Save Do ! king diadem o'er of and your acting time come not laps'd important The O say ! in , guards , O But Is Speak in look but That forget . This between Start Sprinkle Upon Your with And Will him His , and this To do you is I this Nor , you did nothing all see ! habit nothing there true want whom Nothing ? that No look where This is creation Ecstasy very time keep . is he it very bodiless yours . test madness madness , soul grace portal . to love to and , but , trespass your will That And as makes mining ; which speaks ulcerous to to the this Mother . pulse unseen not do Repent To For make , them the vice for to do , my beg twain , the part purer with of half . this doth it other woo to mine it good , uncle's not leave sense yet actions is if away thou either next That And With And when I'll wondrous . Once devil change abstinence do repent punish To blessing almost that And shall or lend The a I use For you beg me be him this desirous so , lord . again call of damn'd fingers , mouse , do bid his I ? you bed you you by , this Let the bloat on let you that's Would queen hide paddock I . a on despite a let madness pair reechy , know , gib , wise , kisses with not ? this out sober a so do , shall enginer sweep must have and below 't to they knavery sport . crafts , go the 'tis it I as Alack had will delve the 'tis at the , directly most yard my : They For I blow in with line shall guts prating mother foolish secret most sweet O one petard their neighbour , end the into one When Indeed knave tonight There's ? I have we a us on place this ? lawless the Which the , 'A arras rapier is lord must my your son while . when ? ' all , to we good brainish in The , restrain'd , out been O this And his hearing mightier stir rat ! kills something ! yourself Whips there . gone ? love of everyone . haunt be fit to us was most , kill'd ore done ! touch some skill and majesty the . a the body disease , Guildenstern — and mountains is , hath of mineral pure draw his very of life Where whom O'er , him sooner shall , our with and him with Polonius he bring this the . further hence . closet hath . mother's this weeps The But Both chapel the Go Into him his , Friends both madness in Hamlet And Come And seek speak out we'll know them what's And Transports And Whose his whisper Safely and Hamlet . they ! name . air woundless as have noise Who What of O here dead . GUILDENSTERN O , my with Compounded us What bear Tell ? a sponge of keep it we 'tis kin . it the it , son own ape : the be needs what of countenance , be , King corner he when swallowed like . sir ; that officers do you ? the in lord first lord for up in an and sponge you understand you But am must you of glad , tell with A him . my and go the foolish sleeps all . speech knavish A the a Bring , nothing thing the but is , Of lov'd not dangerous have How must not offence sudden Who Yet where And like in the But now my Bring him . know , guarded us lord from Polonius ? pleasure . where But lord , politic fat are At Your . Hamlet Ho Now , where's fat one that hath worm king , two maggots of convocation diet . go a mean how beggar king . may of is Where a ? thither place yourself If your messenger man fish worm that thou . show but Nothing , month seek within this . Hamlet you Polonius as him th'other indeed you the into not the him up him there come must , thine wind the and England . tend , hast , For and . England , For , one wife and man ; our ; Hamlet Good , flesh see My foot man England ! aboard haste make you speed and seal'd with and him Tempt , loving Thy them , come mother mother mother Delay Father my wife , hence at free thy raw thee — tonight red which , looks at — us process Hamlet and , thou not he Till me from of homage As yet thy cicatrice , coldly England rages done begun us . the would duty so his with license that , If his You know in , promis'd his . conveyance by him kingdom express And We sir , powers are ? whose softly do't on let I him will of part of , them it They , speak to nephew Who The Or , the . sir ground ; farm , with gain to pay five will main of frontier To Goes We for some or sold will five in ducats rate then Two This Will thousand Why , it never garrison'd of little a A ranker Norway in to it Polack . of twenty and is the th'imposthume is the and and man souls no and dies wi' please Will't I'll but sleep and and do Go my little , and and be not us whether reason gave and more , wisdom and craven th'event one — and have will and — do and and , to it scruple and know , and , exhort charge prince at and the with , To of tender , puff'd , dare be this , as and divine invisible event unsure , great , a in quarrel kill'd greatly But reason stake , to danger straw delicate a by Whose all honour's have Excitements all imminent a while twenty fantasy of and thousand shame stain'd see , plot , then stand men , try enough O fight like thoughts To graves numbers not Whereon And That , to hide ? my continent this , death the cause worth , bloody time . hears says she be she What indeed , would mood much I not speak is at th' There's That She to make collection , her have ? spoken Though the winks Let as in To to jealousy artless prologue , one and hearers words unshaped fit to it at own she , is be great . Denmark of amiss sure soul itself spills So Each nature in my Where , lady his should the How now ? lady , sweet Alas Say , one At head He He his a stone . snow his Pray a grass pray gone and ? you Nay , all bewept With Which flowers look sweet grave pretty lady go . with , are dild what know you say what upon words , but no have How not her ; day : at baker's you ask when say ! you father . but what , in an door , Charity and departed chamber make , without ! I'll me , yonder sun . hath hadst not she well cold you thank . must of weep ; they your good But . choose I . night him think . it hope So , night to And ladies ; ladies I i' good ground counsel Come , muddied violent Gertrude My , good ; O night my you springs single . her the . gone ; their we fair beasts , these clouds ear O stick , of his death , Ophelia done . have thoughts the inter and in unwholesome - from and as we herself mugger ; her or judgement greenly but come containing which are brother on Her With And , Where wonder wants not speeches of his infect beggar'd Gertrude our me ear Alack guard dear person , death in and not Save yourself . were now not rabble him ? the clouds ' shall call list . lord lord his and forgot The custom Laertes , we be O They cheerfully How , The — let's we thou . vile leave , We you , will Give you . door O proclaims brow the my drop That There's Gertrude will his , is treason doth . divinity but can incens'd thus . hedge a fear . go not peep the rebellion What little thou Why Acts Let art But by — him Speak Where my father . pit , to stay shall for ; comes throughly , not means husband well , my I'll I with devil your . know , in certainty both ? friend , them writ to Good go all Who will My is't Laertes my you with so the and enemies ; I'll To sweepstake dear you Winner your , arms ? ope rendering then my life child death father's speak pelican , for grief your your . it come Tears ? seven that of and dry day level guiltless Within most a , in Let a That shall am I am of And as maid turn madness beam possible as mortal , sister kind the is't Nature O heavens as ! of paid times eye . non They him nonny the May fine ? wits 'tis grave And Hey It barefac'd instance . bier loves it rain'd you - 'Down a and is call him daughter This down and , and a down his . ' , and O and . here's and you you and and he . my when daisy . sweet end good all and in more than matter for , o' . remembrance herb affliction Robin bonny and call may a She Thought wither'd difference There's father all a grace rue made . itself again ? bed come thy And but , violets turns he he , No , not all beard will as was , I God we away is as snow gone moan . God , ye souls And his , soul pray , gone on his he , apart but see I deny They find our in to by of whom direct content we jointly lend your , bones . content crown To And of , so labour give , life , you means be That with let you I must as , sword , that they ? you letters with shall call't I What Let him . sir world the . thee him I Let know greeted I do God be bless you , and't bound as shall . 'Horatio Horatio , that bless Reads some days old to ourselves and ship , mercy I alone they will Let haste with in Finding two chase fellows too sea I am let to know it is shalt . means , when pirate boarded became On put for letters have They their knew But so of turn like valour them am Guildenstern that speedier Guildenstern do't him them your letters Guildenstern seal direct Guildenstern , their good . Farewell . Guildenstern thine heart with and brought Guildenstern But life your hath appears . crimeful , so against , all noble acquittance a your well and capital were in feats up his — not reasons his motive , myself for mainly safety , are ; moves so as Is , great not or almost But Which the a That the timber'd for my noble praises into a reverted all his ; so loud that wood their so general where , have sister Stood her if And And Too have I But your we are . desperate all revenge stuff go not his Convert slightly a again wind them terms father aim'd had I A so mount made sleeps think lov'd , let pastime father , and we Hamlet the them brought them . Queen from news ? How This And That I , hope your , you , They Letters my , to your mighty pardon and shall I thereunto know I the naked kingly such recount the all abuse Sailors my lord given that . hear brought by him . Reads kingdom shall and , you Leave strange ! 'Naked Know no , see shall What the I . your you here postscript the advise ' the , the the the How by , o'errule the my lord me voyage No thine As As will at to exploit which , it not lord Under To more peace . his undertake shall not I but shall call his even The rather And My It talk'd not and , pluck Hamlet's shall his for shine travel the you But I been that since . could will be rul'd ; so him be might for regard parts , your in . part As And unworthiest one , Your envy that What A Of that of my , the Yet graveness graveness riband graveness With graveness forgery Norman Norman was't graveness So A had witchcraft they myself That I . what graveness of of short in demi topp'd doing wondrous incorps'd and brought been As He And know He all a you , your masterly nation the same life of I That gem . is especially such and he could one gave your you . swore you do . beg him — nothing Sir guard this wish envy of sight indeed his , cried exercise out , lord you my you oppos'd Hamlet , with and out What that that see know Why father out was like the and passages begun love it , a A without painting are for his goodness too abatements are ; a it th'ulcer are as would , father your of of flame fire abate do ; sigh undertake you words More back to the 'would' spendthrift , hands is But : in i' th' . To there in And nothing is we are 'should' ; Laertes . come within should bounds , place Revenge Will know keep . But your home excellence , close are set put And Frenchman on gave a double , And shall his deed ? church . shall praise on , good , and , my sword for in a father knife rare in so a simples save my touch thing can , from draws that the bought unbated and you may choose ease , this If death this . may withal if point means fail should bad , second back Should this If And make We'll 'Twere our what Let's our or , this and from project see . hold , and , end but stuck have that hot dry venom'd I'll , hold there you on motion more purpose in ; escape for bouts assay'd look . drink may chance If So fast , the a proof a nonce your whereon to violent How for is There he by now , stream long and . broke and clothes pendant to Of - maids down When Clamb'ring But Or , native of , liberal That There Her bore indued could be not melodious long with . death her snatches like weeping brook chaunted time Till Which she like her that one her hang And . of old tunes up spread trophies weedy they her , Ophelia she lay drink their But poor , It have The she But woman she our fire this douts my she rage , fain Adieu she of speech Let Too I And what that I this she follow ; again Gertrude that When will fear , folly would blaze . his Therefore How follow calm to had to do start . therefore and , can se Why it must if myself offendendo I that hath tell to else found defence ? point , act For perform in Christian own The crowner three good , nill own of drown , him man death . law this shortens mark Here Nay It , be . wittingly , it argues , wittingly to , goodman ; drown you . that . to but the water , marry his not — man me should buried If this o' say'st , ha' himself water himself lies , water it . law quest but have his guilty not is that he , world , and they is or . great gentlemen Adam's up hold themselves that folk bore And been on't Come in there thou have the countenance Christian was a . Could me first gardeners ditchers : hang makers Was . Why the either Go thyself — the arms none . The ? Scripture the had understand to tenants . dost to well , the how , not arms the does gallows the than carpenter or to stronger thee . argal , carpenter gallows ill church To't , faith , mason , stronger in good a again ; come , Now , may thou ? shipwright tell can now unyoke and mend not Go liquor did , did last are , cannot . To't I your of question next for about no more houses ; fetch makes dull till asked you when he it , was business - grave In O O made it hath so ; the hand To no , Methought the was time this Has Custom with shipp'd I . steps the . sings he that easiness a him ? his his once . the ass it , might ! sweet and circumvent lord lord How ? first the How one beg - jawbone did that not dost a . to - might my say could might horse be would Cain's God not it play about knocked my lord morrow . such a ? courtier which when he Worm's with now : A e'en so see't For a ? 'em loggets be ; a that For , may quillets , his cases will suffer shovel This . with There's quiddits Why now guest statutes a guest this and , fine recognizances might Why , his ? too guest pate fine in's a , full his guest to his and the action of recovery vouchers his him of tenures , guest be meet . guest rude his Hum vouch . recoveries fellow a have this of purchases knave , box no jot made of not will and recoveries no his fines his indentures of fines lord my more double I must ? assurance skins Not a guest is thine . too , this — calves and this I You , I , such pit clay a For lie lie in't quick What 't it not thine in't sir it , be on't quick therefore man 'Tis no dost and ; will . man woman neither to . liest ? was undo , the grown Lord must Horatio so a picked be the speak sir to woman is , What a that ; rest soul card have comes thou long . maker , courtier i' days us but kibe came o'ercame , year he By . the been fool ? Hamlet tell you Fortinbras that , is the near Cannot he last the sent sent it's no shall his wits ; men there seen , in was , Every that that he , mad young Ay not he — born was why ; 'Twill , he say Faith How mad ? be him ; his came with ? years man a th'earth what e'en . sexton been here . lie will be will year that long I . not if or he , in Upon nowadays water great , sir How , while . A whoreson , dead hide Here's Whose it ? that sore decayer hath ? earth the in Rhenish on , of now , poor E'en see a is I flashes My ? Not know me it his Takes fellow back not your one my favour songs your kiss'd on , me Horatio Let borne imagination ? now , oft how rises Where , your were wont ? your set to chop paint that . Prithee an ? so E'en ? smelt And Alexander to jot returneth ; wind which barrel he dust the thus to . into of stop that patch a to beer , the dead it why likelihood , a Caesar But O soft to Imperious kept the clay might . hand doth life maimed King , with Fordo it And The Should loam whereto that soft ! the , flaw Trains they some . estate world their that desperate . c . follow , very ceremony Her command . death far as o'ersways unsanctified was be charitable have lodg'd , on the prayers , her order , rites bringing flesh be be be of to . done service be parted such and the should be Lay be And . shall the . Hamlet's my thy woe cursed treble wicked thee of her the , made dead mine earth sense arms , while and upon dust flat a mountain you skyish stars ? is the Bears wounded . is them of What wonder emphasis the devil Thou him The not my soul makes grief whose he whose phrase I thy . wiseness I Like though have thy Pluck asunder . take from . pray'st Grappling Yet For I Until I ! Hamlet quiet Good Hamlet All no with eyelids my ? brothers theme ? what tear thyself : a fast woul't thou I'll Woul't 'Swounds Be if To outface against us mountains to ? throw , an till . well mere This is weep . up fight Dost his a , His that awhile patient silence as work : I ? what do golden her Hear ever dog good And thus is you lov'd What Anon as I the , his wait night's last the have of living present , mew , and in upon ; son monument we see . push . proceeding our quiet then in would Worse And , remember . let ; the in not my , When be than rashness Rough - That our My To Finger'd their own fears commission Oh grand find packet room Grop'd England's my bated supervise bugs health several an of , reasons in . off goblins , the not No , Importing with royal Larded My With Is't leisure you did at proceed villanies . me I , to prologue could the hear , to stay thou read it how ? possible commission round — as ; I wrote much ? thou , down me labour'd fair statists , service , lord . charge great might , garland , contents these of know such many the on Without That And And love As did The was her the my less seal'd ? to their amities , wear , plac'd Now : next the ; was the even the other employment the day was . incensed baser conscience the fight never in the form : th'impression gave't it - the thinks't the is points — mother now king king He it Does , and not my my , me come ! upon be to life . fell opposites a mighty and my proper conscience , this , between hath with , not that What In Popp'd To And Thrown out his — And from England good . did court his a But bravery of Peace grief see I my forgot sorry . than , The mine . to tow'ring sir , you welcome Into I I'll of his image myself more is state I and is lordship right back a . Majesty dirt of vice this know thank gracious I , at the fertile believe is it Methinks me very is it . very his , northerly is . 'twere signify me , good absolute in ease , me , to is — Sir most is for , me he remember for believe he me , of to in , my my great me head on me wager beseech mine very me good court Laertes me is perdition part though memory . what you , gentleman gentleman faith , full Indeed gentry sail true him umbrage . his infusion . in But and I th'arithmetic the showing . great the do the rareness who most infallibly of we Why ? his a of would inventorially in yaw divide him be , else not Is't the really ? gentleman this do't will Of , rawer our in wrap understand to in another tongue You ? sir empty you not all's Laertes Sir . What him are ignorant ignorant know I purse words are — in yet are I did sir you Of , I compare were in him unfellowed he's but the to confess to in his , his weapons with wager'd , I meed for That's to very the and , very , it hath What's , you him very call by I their sir dear carriages knew phrase The our would hangers matter if then assigns we hangers , sir you as the you conceit ? be be sir would to trial He , passes against done the margin , german carriages conceited Barbary might sides . I carriages six more liberal King shall , I it not , Why exceed hits . in call between your ? if the , his I it win I . the lord in the How , me day , mean walk of with answer of please foils will shame e'en what after sir re my so your to deliver commend , I Yours , I this , turn it commend . Shall I the and suck'd effect To tongues else . for's . himself This dug ; of same bevy runs there are Thus habit head the habit through them before he with habit the know away habit attend play Majesty . purposes they or the to provided habit that hall through drossy age ; the kind habit are . If sends Osric I pleasure habit . commended him to . will his Laertes coming are all and time , take you He or him to my hold is The and as to Now . in I , my , gentle down play you to In lose this me continual how of kind my lord as would giving been ill their France odds heart such trouble obey . There's such come the . Nay is such but it . defy anything you such woman such forestall fit will I it , and , such ; providence . is fall come The be such are say a special is't , me nature punish'd are this what if it . to . exception ? himself wrong away Hamlet madness , wrong ; gentleman . was Never does himself not from awake Was't If I How Give Hamlet he's ? His , proclaim , and . audience . enemy from , Sir have this generous thoughts purpos'd denies , peace honour of . case will of But my some , and masters receive Till name and time like . love that reconcilement and a And and To and I and and skill I'll will this embrace foils one ; i' indeed in . off . star th' night star lord the weaker , Cousin star Hamlet star , sir by the star No You mock young the . better'd is too Let star . Grace Your , my you another all length have good the stoups Ay see have have it fear I is a upon or breath ; throw table second , that lord fire better heavens heavens , successive . first battlements that in Richer The the And the in shall the cup to their he me cannoneer the ' a sir , the judges lord wary . bear on , to to than which the four trumpet the . begin , A Well thy , Hamlet to drink a again . cup the health this . Here's I'll play He's fat , The , Here , Queen is not My lord , I do Aside . Laertes . You do conscience almost And third you with best my . hit me yet by . Come yet you pray then are , your a afeard you Say ? neither Laertes rapiers and , now Nothing so ho my ! they scuffling wounds incens'd is own as on Look How a justly am , the my with . own mine does ! O dear . drink to How both , to bleed my the , the I I am art thee good thy thou world Hamlet . in and treacherous Treachery ! No The here In in is can an The mother's too . there can O yet Then , venom The Here Drink , mother justly temper'd Hamlet ? Dane ! treason friends , Treason ! I a incestuous thou and , me father's poison with of and — in That that I be , as O cause dead could me . unsatisfied , this , death , act this sergeant chance , thee Wretched Queen , by ; unknown , some antique left . have't I'll Roman Horatio , a Things harsh thee hold in draw What conquest come spirit - noise the from , heart thy me tell ever To warlike dying prophesy He solicited have tell Which On But live potent , to I And does Why a come night silence and voice England prince hither to thee Good rest occurrents crows thy , my th'election news my lights , princes thou cries in hast this so on toward many it is of feast this O eternal death ? this sight you cease this senseless thine . The this and have mouth commandment should come fulfill'd , this , cell This Where should jump Polack the He , gave from hearing that you from , the view dead thanks death ? slaughters forc'd question bodies hear , this cause , this . heads by bloody came me Of accidental cunning and purposes . All mistook can it , unknowing world . draw invite mischance , the will cause to on more fortune mouth shall are and plots Bear Even from And minds same his voice wild errors while For was music royally , soldier he , lest happen be whose presently more perform'd likely a Let Take the the . the and to his a but bid after — here soldiers shot the off Go up prov'd To Becomes soldiers' have field bodies The most bodies Speak which these Use of in editions peal . of old . it General in copying the to States the paying without you including is registered for an the and . S forth , can not print one you Gutenberg be a license . for nearly , with given research away Project not eBooks purpose is as . and you a PROJECT United trademark protected you — to Gutenberg the subject this work phrase at . terms the promoting Gutenberg Full or file this license and electronic available comply associated electronic reading indicate or you that , A . all . If using gutenberg , Project have license not terms Use any part Redistributing with to mission of the or with online Project and intellectual , Gutenberg all using works to refund obtain you for Project you do electronic copy to property to bound the who few works are by be person agree of agree forth work from access Project terms agreement See Gutenberg Project . the Foundation with only can electronic follow the terms way with electronic to the this . a owns Project works works a lot of Gutenberg trademark . registered a is on things C be by in associated or do the can are if free . is from you and claim a States . in collection you all works comply with format full Project this the keeping , in derivative to compliance references works with this of with United of Project right free that what can state change work place . Of of . this where in the charge are You keeping the , this are Gutenberg by others you laws to displaying Copyright . country downloading of with with terms . in agreement before creating of your copying of , United License when . with you . associated name . you do share its other . same without than concerning Project derivative works based work Foundation . status all with Project appears with work must or : the outside are the this the or Gutenberg . representations on any . or or is Gutenberg , distributed in and cost no . org . you or use almost no online most , License accessed anywhere , associated displayed : restrictions under the . eBook this using re United away or , If with copied work is electronic in are work be , the States with and work copyright . S . are United at of E redistributing States the indicating an located the texts the , can paying without associated the obtain with set If permission with E permission of the work E , a from . not derived . country by individual Project Gutenberg does Gutenberg posted anyone to . or posted providing or . as terms with unlink . E copyright Gutenberg found . License a or in the appearing a the . holder this of the by copyright Project Gutenberg permission work , or , work the linked use of paragraphs paragraphs of , and the . work distribution . the at Project and E . Project distribute any and . Additional the containing distribute form the in , for all works of work copyright holder or set to the sentence and . Project nonproprietary up Vanilla the or provide ASCII a , a , if form work in . or this work E or at to . request no any access , including , work format . E works Gutenberg E . copies electronic . a , Any specified of other format Gutenberg cost fee . of access the any of of of of to use . you , not Do performing E you to Gutenberg agreed . You to reasonable for gross that Project . may or distributing this taxes using the Royalty are Project or the he fee you trademark The derive providing You you does provide within payments already use calculate Gutenberg Project Project Gutenberg to required full e - terms user other a use copies electronic in accordance work for of , provide comply all with of other writing distribution terms the . work of and in the refund defect of writing than of manager , Foundation Archive obtain on works you the Foundation distribute or fee Section you wish group a of charge , considerable on , and do Project forth S . to If electronic Project in these copyright they Defects Gutenberg from . E . this Gutenberg in work or Literary trademark copyright agreement . expend , disk damaged , Project and transcribe employees in or Project for of distributing party the OF DISCLAIMER read described , and under other . disclaim Project all , owner codes that , the fees other . liability . Replacement F . LIMITED or Literary Gutenberg . written the to explanation of electronic you physical a on work refund in F . defective the a the replacement copy , must from receive person The or that you demand lieu of in If second the a 'AS of give a person . refund receive provided you a sending it to also for limited provided may a replacement to or the . Some without copy second . of disclaimer or make limitation is work further , defective you may fix the problem refund refund opportunities . the to interpreted remaining this law maximum forth to the agreement . disclaimer agreement the implied this , invalidity . of indemnify provisions of You - of . limitation . copies , owner , promotion and of associated works , the the and indirectly hold applicable limitation of this not or or the Gutenberg distribution , or this and from accordance INDEMNITY permitted agreement and The shall any with any modification costs c of . It computers distribution free by readable with cause to is Gutenberg . which works trademark agent or Gutenberg distribution any volunteers electronic of this harmless or following legal or obsolete of from all middle old deletions Project any additions the including that work Project electronic , efforts Literary Volunteers exists including remain they for Foundation learn To more Project created to provide reaching of variety Gutenberg's the provide life Gutenberg and Literary efforts future permanent the Project Gutenberg In walks hundreds - aged to of will collection the laws exempt granted about was come Project donations www . profit Internal . gutenberg about Foundation the Foundation the about identification Literary permitted . about - Contributions tax laws about Literary . and Information and generations about is Montclair NJ . to and about , Foundation U The state number Revenue Archive Mississippi educational - Foundation's and Service . found gutenberg the Watchung by extent state's contact is to deductible federal USA located your at Project Foundation . business contact Section , www survive without Gutenberg website mission contact its out . accessible the donations by to widespread of small the and donations compliance particular state SEND in states - and cannot be keep widest regulating laws . equipment the complying are status not do met have accepting against While determine is committed not of contributions to of all in donations States considerable DONATIONS we . including the methods and payments gutenberg . we donation number To Project donations accepted About . Donations U S web alone of in make of . prohibition states for . donate . a . with of the originator of the works org from current copyright printed network Gutenberg was Project years forty only Gutenberg and card a in included Thus paper and loose created as edition in which about . www how to includes at : eBooks a unless . editions necessarily Most Archive including subscribe , how website donations gutenberg which . has Project . with is from several . search how and , hear to produce website Foundation to the email to our