and ? Stand Francisco , hour thee to bed cold . am guard stirring bid , to this Stand If I And , good night who , Dane hath you ? again . Marcellus , nothing ? tonight him along this speak eyes our 'twill again apparition night it . Barnardo down , of your our we are let Sit hear , night now made Where When , the In a Thou art with it this and Denmark . night speak thee ! away offended . is fair usurp'st , Horatio . warlike charge It gone ! 'Tis Is ! not now , mine sensible God , the I ! you might not this avouch . King ! pale fantasy than on't ? not know I gone at this watch most and and strange eruption scope and some strict subject cast the me gross particular , 'Tis the . of observant land , cannon he , the sore haste opinion my of implements shipwrights for daily , toils nightly mart of divide be night that can so . us can I inform - know but the the why such might such Why And What make least Was Whose Dar'd Thereto to , known by heraldry of last by , him return'd same cov'nant those , Hamlet , esteem'd seal'd and life ; moiety to , his with seiz'd , King which , and lawless , and , by , design'd sir hot which unto by to full resolutes is some , diet skirts hath it well and list ; in't us of stomach , And of main compulsatory . he been , head take , no enterprise here there , lands I this of state those , rummage watch but and watch foresaid mind's state the question trouble of palmy Julius Roman in gibber and through it it it the A The stars Did whose the in squeak and graves is to eye dead ; streets , on fierce of still countrymen earth the Neptune's and fire and empire high most blood with the dews , illusion ! me to grace and to thou , be thee art happily to any me or Stay to prologue heaven Unto our hast it though , blast good , me be , of voice , to , done country's avoid walk of ! speak the Stay it , in hast say Speak , Extorted Or which Stop it will , here here ! it We The To crowing crowing have I look , the the crowing gracious hath the time . crowing tonight advice crowing . it , it crowing him with , to life my hill clad to is part do and , yon and we shall and most and Voltemand , Hamlet of , and , grief contracted hath To Yet That Together To our memory The Therefore our Th'imperial jointress as far green yet Cornelius Laertes wisest with sometime with so bear be In to ; weighing and have one delight with and herein Fortinbras death , our we young which dirge with one With With Taken in in marriage , made levies are here you we old personal Norway King no greeting of , To business Giving Farewell Of of lists good to this subject the dilated haste your and Out , these all it now , Laertes some of . be to thy Dane , with . duty news heartily we farewell : nothing things doubt us told You shall offer The The And offer You lose That offer head hand more offer What wouldst thou asking , offer heart the mouth , to offer throne wouldst bend Your and favour my your , that ; bend France pardon done toward What from and at consent leave my bend my . to go be bend Hamlet less bend , him seal'd ; petition bend give spend bend clouds too i' you on colour off vailed friend nighted much hang I lord my , thine thy cast still and a for the am thy the lives eternity to . die , dust lids , it ; is common thee seems . seem might suits . the and give you To Of father To vulgar vulgar vulgar vulgar As heart ? absurd , vulgar , fathers corse , most vulgar the to fault death immediate immediate immediate must be of As You immediate Do is immediate and us my in thee immediate with to Wittenberg , immediate Hamlet come of fair , grace in ; heart Denmark to gentle ourself , Why shall as This I stay unforc'd my jocund No But Sits Be And the great this too Thaw that - His But Hyperion to Seem Fie That he That Must Like Would Than Ere Had left yet I God which on't think fed With little ! mourn'd brother the flushing Hercules ; that followed — but of the married , And , what And make My good Good see in , Wittenberg you , my glad what But A shall I very Against But teach We'll To Nor My , you that lord . so say enemy ear hard follow'd see wedding student . bak'd father in . day I foe funeral to , The . Horatio eye lord see that dearest ! my , Indeed thrift coldly Or my , Did I my lord was saw my In a man my my my Season my shall again yesternight father while gentlemen I King , lord ! deliver walk'd had , had , night your like of their me , watch had love God's For dead at his slow thus Been Marcellus encounter'd before had In with as the had Goes By Within Stand had And Armed them truncheon's their speak the to act . This , eyes to ; and did made true your we ? good , troubles me sirs lord MARCELLUS To and We you , let my very vanish'd sound And And to From lord , Then saw you Arm'd say , do you ? his foot ? red pale . up ? frowningly or or or or you or Most his constantly or or While Very MARCELLUS moderate very would It beard His was It , as I Perchance you A I hold have tenable in . So , platform your an whatsoever but fare twelve , tongue . well farewell your and ! rise the then I Give it understanding you arms : play foul some father's I'll visit . let convoy My And And For Hamlet A , perfume more No suppliance more no but alone , besmirch and . does but of Perhaps the , this not grow as crescent nature thews Think it and For service mind he cautel but his , himself he of now virtue The And For Whereof As fits is May Than It Or of The maid unmask she Virtue you Ophelia , keep her and rear the , fear his the 'scapes galls not buttons liquid safety none though near . lesson my , own dalliance treads libertine brother keep to youth . else good good do some heart puff'd path of and way pastors heaven ; comes . for grace . in , voice Beware gaudy . judgement ; friend be that station : husbandry be ; day true . lord my man any in thee . tend servants to said have memory the Farewell , What I Ophelia you And So please , What you me to he well something Marry time audience private your , you he hath said bethought very and free oft of . late hath ; so way not late your — 'tis I and me of me to tenders , I call baby a phrase the me a poor as circumstance green speak perilous his tenders wind you'll yourself love me the — tender more ; fool of fashion importun'd ; these you teach ta'en pay ; to , know do daughter soul , heaven - this a for , as heat entreatments scanter your command much a vows ; time presence Hamlet , are , brokers walk , Ophelia they few he young is rate ; maiden For . for their investments In may tether of unholy This , any you lord . very ways . it an What ; is It of struck it ; now and ; held It the heard The as And drains doth The kettle The though marry a trumpet and drum it This As From They our our it oft pith nature cannot o'ergrowth their pales that and are not , origin , livery they wherein or plausive wherein , the be man Fortune's of one as stamp wherein that o'erleavens wherein wherein , men these of reason defect , wherein grace ; star take as general particular all To , it of dram doubt a . scandal The may in that Doth Shall the his noble fault evil , steel moon we What this complete in thee tell , answer ; sepulchre glimpses , the inurn'd and the of glimpses ? Wherefore go with away glimpses reaches glimpses the ? this beyond horridly So glimpses some you to is why Say glimpses waves I my for soul what not And do if waves me you tempt beetles And Which it immortal set immortal immortal It immortal That to o'er immortal the dreadful the flood the of , immortal immortal . this in lion's artery fate you Hold Be as makes , I By heaven Still He am each petty the make ! I'll of with on waxes the . I'll go . me is Alas me Must , but I am bound thou to spirit fast walk to . crimes the purg'd foul the To I for away unfold freeze locks hair particular stars to the . this and Thy two of To and Murder , foul my to the or sweep shouldst thou find thee . ease this , in the Lethe the process so be duller apt ; hear of my there , was that off falling , went me , even with decline and hand as heaven , through blood with quicksilver enmity as it it body ; posset into of the vigour and sudden eager blood bark'd like gates with Holds And And Of If No reckoning my nature the in couch damned Denmark bear horrible it , be ! soul her let this nor ; act ! at once , contrive incest ; to her the the leave in be matin his Remember uneffectual the adieu O grow globe of thee thee the instant Hold earth ! the to the me fie , all wipe Yea saws the And thy Within baser of with O book , the forms all fond memory my pressures ; villain ! a be and , smile . there Now so may are adieu have So one , At My may That smile , my . secure ! him , lord ho . It Illo , Within , Within . be boy . Good Not then you I , lord . it . be by arrant be ; lord be man of But , be would heart be you'll , and MARCELLUS be heaven HORATIO a be But all . be from . heartily , tell me is , us . one may desire As Give , make lord My you you you In , you known what we , HORATIO and you , indeed . sword you . already my , my stage the my Ha , my my the Propose to my Never of this , oath my lord . in . my my ground you swear fellow so sayst thou this . sword heard . i' . th'earth Swear said How before , hereafter antic times or seeing shall disposition of , head bear help you mercy , never - and and doubtful 'We out ; such put perchance soe'er , myself earth philosophy , giving ambiguous aught mercy your : some this could if shall , together to gentlemen ; you , go . Reynaldo Reynaldo inquiry , behaviour his him you , said me And part in Addicted What As But forgeries may him' , part well distant know 'twere as 'And As ; As ; My ; Faith You ; my they That That That's flash as must not may meaning he put open but is seem the outbreak assault lord would slight a thing is Mark seen in Marry of Having party of of of then He the of in At 'closes or ' the of , you saw closes He saw or By the gaming enter of Your a 'I And , There then I At At with him with , yesterday he such so we my . lord you wi' God son , You windlasses my So Shall By by My And shall , lord . matter chamber , name of in have , his down shirt , Lord No as To , lord hat Ungart'red lord do not know , thy for if Pale My As he would draw it little head — a thus wrist did He thrice He last At And wrist me goes with falls . a wrist over That done way seem sigh wrist he his bulk me turn'd profound down , wrist ; arm wrist other his That And What to sort No , I This not meant And had Moreover The that we to use so , it heard hath should of that himself thus , of to neighbour'd young days humour , court our and him with you I . dream So his cannot I For to and profit us I , am , adheres so more he by your gather both ourselves And To your Put by the dread entreaty your . be We to pleasures in , obey freely at the feet to visit Rosencrantz . presence . presence practices . our him is , where presence presence gentlemen presence presence return'd . joyfully Norway from Th'ambassadors presence Thou Have I to my lord the ? as and presence , hold that long of do Assure Assure good Assure been father you Assure else Hamlet's hear . Assure Assure . Assure found that feast . in main the but o'erhasty all of my and to them queen that bring marriage our him . what Say Most our nephew's levies , he greetings to him desires brother shall , whereat impotence , arrests Majesty annual to against , employ entreaty please pass shown , Polack , enterprise give . down safety quiet allowance us upon It might an levied before crowns , herein his your you to this and ; this your night Most thank , think for at business My . to . business we'll - feast home rest This madam be , what well brevity since but the is majesty day to that art but is true mad mad outward soul , night , and is should and tediousness nothing define to be , go . madness ? 'tis , pity less I with , this no effect . is obedience and , out for remainder by have the duty vile you surmise , mine cause 'beautified' hear the to have to art it to is ; place , love ? and , means his my time , hath , hath . you think receiv'd of honourable what But . hot I love , upon young a lock from receive out went with I did round idle , mute , mistress No then , precepts his no bespeak , of tokens advice — a a fast , otherwise so , lobby the it to him , not indeed walks may he know try sometimes So I'll I his for . it poor comes sadly . me wretch But Well Then I would you as of , this ten my thousand lord . my ? to't , lord . a good kissing as not , look daughter my . harping much fishmonger What — Words him , mean the I sir that tree weak , sir hold should you yet , Will out madness be , old go of the air , my Aside of . on . How grave , that o' the prosperously out the lord You go except . lord ! lads Good As On , of her shoe my in the ; true ? most privates we news the world's is true friends , to you good prison not ? lord my prison one world . confines , th' many worst o' lord , is there nothing it me so there which to none ambition ; Denmark being We you not ; think have for , dream is it shadow the not that I the a of is dream hold beggars , shadow's itself we th' and and light monarchs . outstretch'd and fay ; attended I by my , rest most what with ? ROSENCRANTZ . you I , you upon and am , I you in speak like to me , my were come lord , speak ? your and the . I colour , anything . But of to end it a thanks in poor are Come , too dear ? Is ; sent good know . by love consonancy let conjure youth more , you a dear , the by me . no what you were you ? you direct If . direct for direct withal preserved of direct and and direct even by with better direct discovery of have I with direct forgone your prevent mirth feather . direct , sterile o'erhanging brave , why disposition that , hold all ; this in action it of is ; how custom promontory reason the , so woman : god in , Lenten the on you 'Man not to this neither thoughts my , man them shall humorous — Majesty . in delights me' way what coted ; target o' part his and his end have shall are or , freely What to sigh the ; shall of me and the Even you . players take wont . How I they hold it Do chances think , inhibition was they so , comes it ? they they ? I means city the grow rusty ; cry that , clapped they No Do . eyases stages goose - quills longer should . little the . out are — thither fashion the top come they as — How . are ? can to better both own succession ; for was went in . the brains . away ? throwing ? possible has been Is't unless the is uncle lord father boys . my my , my while apiece ducats him for carry much carry for lived picture natural more this ; carry his carry . are carry it carry to welcome There fashion carry like players entertainment , aunt - the me I mother lord the than . the the , which Let hands the a handsaw When - hawk from the north , the and appear the extent Elsinore - my uncle what - But the should lest of my more father In dear north mad but Guildenstern you you baby Well the see to a . they ; child the of time twice players morning to tell Monday was . actor my each , comical in pastoral The best , pastoral cannot came Upon Buzz , honour . nor , historical pastoral be writ historical too and daughter and — passing no my Why , the are hadst men scene too treasure ? only lord , he , of my on Aside . fair which he Still , well that old have a . was most you , pass pious of came to the welcome , masters . As and , my , chanson abridgement as will by then show you more glad am like , it look is valanc'd , you , acted I , a like cracked straight . lord it , speech for the a . matters such was the once cried But it digested cunning , well the remember , one but very fine no set , were in the in — but pleased received I remember , top down method honest called matter tale to it the . Dido me let slaughter . If , see me live thereabout speech , One and there more Aeneas' , affectation by he this speaks 'Twas whose with see an handsome not rugged this heraldry With Hath memory , begin is Black When mothers Now is fathers a o'ersized grandsire mothers with proceed spoken , Anon mothers well With lord mothers 'Fore their And eyes like So thus Old mothers Bak'd damned a gore hellish . finds mothers , Greeks . in and command arm at he and him , wide , top head , match'd where , it wind Priam But with the whiff . Then of Ilium , orb pause , work Pyrrhus' a Fortune synod general to . hill her wheel , heaven long . fiends too is nave with , Hecuba to fellies down , out With In , all shall He's a Say on ; come tale your — of queen' 'The good That's late tongue th'alarm in venom fear treason state Fortune's saw themselves , stood down and have o'erteemed A and gods she if burst with malicious see of lank in Unless his clamour them made The , In When mincing instant Would where things the move mortal his thee he I'll see the have for your My After 'scape man , lord whipping they less should bodikin , deserve thou Dost old ha't or dozen We'll lines sixteen tomorrow night you which You Ay my lord and , could , a . my speech insert down study a in't and him leave you mock I'll . You are good look , Good lord to Now I slave player here passion own aspect for all whole his visage wan'd . am I wi' and what Is Could That in forms broken voice , and his Hecuba Had he ? him her conceit , he would with ! suiting Hecuba , to function all eyes his her distraction in's , cause ? i' th' throat ? this be me for lack does my dear Am I not of a , across face gall it , blows my pate ere and cannot ! most , heard play , speak a ! have most With murder Been , Have tent mine though it their cunning soul that of these blench father looks his tongue no the creatures organ like . spirit The quick I'll . I'll so struck Play the of hath I but he my ; murder . shape If and , my and , me this the you so from why With Grating can harshly him by find cause from Nor But He When gentleman like well his we crafty . our demands . Most bring him state some ? you a disposition . his his assay , in but forcing ? told him players joy him ; entreat to and see heart gentlemen my him , his We see a these , us for see , may hither accident by 'twere , see lawful espials , see judge that myself and Affront ourselves may We And see bestow of gather father have closely Sweet we he If't so their by thus for wildness good That I That be your I Will Of him beauties , shall : your , it . again please colour blame this ! give 'tis true himself that . beautied with thing to my helps devotion's to , action . ugly heavy . sugar do to word ! suffer . troubles shocks natural thousand a to To . say we end sleep come , rub the . spurns time . of contumely , will we cowards hue cast of currents their ! regard native that make country dread the And makes Than Is sicklied to us I your I No day , re receive , not you so of words I does Take honour'd lord them things , the And As My never you for I right ; to There again Ha , you . the noble unkind givers ? honesty This the have means your fair and , you fair ? if What into what be lord force you I was proof loved of breeder ? you such of you am you I I to you and ways you proud , you not not things very me not Go not thy not to not but nowhere Be thy not make needs of . them . make jig and it that , of fashion of , what , no more the live have to I'll nickname more make lisp Go will shall . honey most music reason blown youth , I what woe O jangled noble of , That ? out Th'observ'd out And see out and That out that ecstasy . spake Love what out out like not Nor And I down seas matter still settled variable do from The fashion himself and need not . You But Whereon his origin Sprung heard And To show his their you ; it I'll Of all ; To ; Madness speech the the tongue ; be ; I pray shall best ; so to the as saw of gently as as you mouth may periwig a - would as most out , a are as very to beget , I capable as warrant neither have as . action your tutor as anything special . groundlings a to , acquire torrent very who offends dumb fellow for honour your Pray ; hear , such rags whipped you word your own of playing , but Herod let word too the Suit Be and overdone was time though grieve the , and it censure of . so of well neither , of thought pagan , heard whole off seen hope O reform more reform'd with , not . speak clowns them of be play there shows you most spectators your abominably , journeymen the . though laugh is . too be in , to . considered it . the And . the the . How Will Will the players help to hasten . my and two ho , Here service ? flatter'd be poor absurd the hear , fawning pregnant candied ? revenue clothe and That feed let dear my Since Hath And could thee equal that A As ta'en one are they a was men Fortune's buffets suffers ? please are rewards And so pipe she not please thee a of told the with uncle in please - wear that - mingled please co Give will of this finger please , please ; idle be , Queen I , place a King I the , I I I Ophelia I Polonius capons Polonius , That I enact a of me you was kill ready so . kill'd a . Brutus i' capital part Julius players stay they my To No , Ay Come lie lie I lie lie shall lie lie lie nothing think a fair - my , looks hours ! Ay are , maker lord ? I father died . for within's be unto him the 'For ! very , asleep upon - horse build memory die - O heavens , then ! hobby a King kneels declines , crown seeing his , sables by'r great lady with a and kisses it finds three some , him The head show her and . end woos takes Enter returns , the or dead The She body four is seems . the this is mallecho , lord play means of ? this miching it the show him . what cannot meant ashamed ? play you not Be for your posy the , hath times brief my beg a 'Tis to your Here For Is Since many woe Make , us That For So Discomfort distrust far what as love And Now I , to leave love are fear extremity quantity love made in hath and , in powers shalt , For operant I , My must leave their husband O must be let me treason confound shalt belov'd fears great , as world fair accurst my . be the ! rest kind . but that Wormwood who thrift time husband needs Aside instances second , marriage none dead of , love ; husband . accident lose with enactures for is , joys Grief joy world our to fortunes our , on . love 'tis strange fortune friend of friends shall doth advanc'd , else yet the doth not love This Our That And But For And hitherto want wills our ours , 'tis a love devices a their wilt thoughts earth Sport The on who who thoughts from so I begun , cheer overthrown of second none husband is , beguile would widow hence would fain . us , between grow sworn Sweet and I sleep , dull And come , how rock too , methinks this break . with here . you much no her word ? like . there twain i' a th' in't us not . Let that o' what unwrung King lord , chorus . image the play is are could to , I . damnable . revenge thy for , my keen . doth the drugs weeds , apt better , no midnight blasted thrice seeing . creature immediately leave edge raven and of , ban On , Thy of Italian ? how story The anon shall see . play light . my with with love fire with with with sleep must play . strucken with world , with in roses o'er Give with lights . some , the feathers of razed ungalled . lights , hart weep , rest ungalled ? players ungalled ungalled ungalled ungalled . thousand . reigns , of music . note like he not likes . Come comedy , the . it not music him , the perdie me some , Come sir Ay , lord , then my in , The vouchsafe of him ? marvellous sir distempered ? should wisdom me , more to discourse from more mother most you more , Queen more lord into put richer purgation signify my more , more affliction . so more it of do will more I of welcome right ? I . my , my your If mother's my , hath spirit . shall wit's , My mother amazement and — my answer , is mother such say go sequel there no bed . further Have pickers distemper deny is And I what own , you I you of if do still lack cause ? the ? of is proverb would one if To you too bold you play this is love . upon my that . will discourse most finger not the the and with are you make pluck the would top You ! out you stops thing . these have little am will you though voice do instrument upon me lowest cannot you skill think , sir play . excellent . me a you you cloud that's 'tis mass By bless what speak it fret make to , and almost like is Queen you speak would with shape whale . whale a weasel . a like will come . I — and like a weasel by a Or . and It I will by fool . I do on world of breathes to and me the . hot , blood out friends the my , consent : not to , let ; nature words seals our estate so terms I will forthwith along not may prepare stands safe not , nor his to of near will and those Out lunacies bodies your single and holy keep live To With That That of many it a gulf cease depend is ; Fix'd all Dies What's not on the huge and ten highest is It . of which petty , but from and armour ; draw mind , general this groan alone doth things , GUILDENSTERN too put us ROSENCRANTZ pray you , with but to ruin when it lesser adjoin'd Attends Did ; small Each the the sigh now We . fear . going wisely as And them more arras to tax him mother's I'll warrant was liege should his . closet than , you upon some partial you I what well . ere it mother she'll . my to audience , myself , nature makes the , go convey home , heaven , not smells I : business with force , to , to ? to to mercy heavens serves offence I'll but Whereto to — possess'd murder , murder look fall to we Then what to twofold , up me ere . be effects , be own my is what's And Or past O down ? serve That those corrupted hand 'tis Offence's Can My fault forestalled crown May O Yet Try can it can forehead then What and shuffling the Even what in to give limed and , to be Make with born strings . steel assay : babe - well the of new heart Bow Be And so And soft , Art more might Now All may it I am I'll I do't all took 'Tis When , O pat do With how him our in But And , villain kills my . his is , asleep for passage his more his as , blown and salary of flush knows who of then soul ; act . days damn'd kick in't heaven black . and . heaven broad me silence him you warrant Mother be . you lay too screen'd round and stood home e'en here round . him me round thou hast my father offended round much much what's round , have , come thy round with father answer , question now now ? rood you mother , wife my speak you set you sit not , you a glass budge . part of not ho , Draws King done what . Is thou it me the , rash As I . As marry with , a bloody — too hands Ay king brother fool danger I penetrable , better thy for thee find'st wringing Thou of wring of your to be , rash , bad as and 'twas busy is bulwark proof be it is What that , so so against against act noise have In blurs , it That If an takes innocent an . a marriage dar'st . you , rude rude rose and rude blush rude grace rude the dicers' forehead fair , sick visage solidity - of very With rude As rhapsody rude and picture presentment and so Look and the of on ? and index on this himself command : in the against and the doom , act and mildew'd a of his Mercury threaten , ear eyes a seal , assurance to world . follows what leave Have man indeed form and seem did now brother in upon - hey And The And step To But in If not Or without Eyes so Is could Else it cozen'd , a virtue fire ardour compulsive Since And youth let shame hell in , be Proclaim . no speak reason O Thou as itself no shame , bones is all , charge , spots very soul . panders will more my I there not eyes When the gives the burn doth tinct their but , see mine sweat rank turn'st Stew'd Nay black . grained and such honeying more ears , stole rule of the precious lord murderer from And That Of A that your cutpurse a No more , a the empire ! his more No king The laps'd gracious lets passion tardy ? with me What your . he's , This . strongest bodies her her with you on eye is't thy not whet O forget is how do you with spirits Your Conceit look But And , him , heat Alas you with And Start Upon cool and make His bedded stand form Forth incorporal air hold peep , he , me do blood to you I there . away ! at creation your ecstasy cunning Ecstasy doth temperately . Bring music have My as utter'd father My , in where Look And matter I gambol not Lay unseen film trespass from . and , all heaven place grace which of flattering but - me to ; the not madness test , madness virtue ; times him in heart ; weeds , cleft my pursy this pardon Forgive me cleft good it half bed . cleft doth yet angel of is who all other not eat uncle's mine cleft to the worser purer with you cleft go live O Good night cleft Of habits And on monster That on evil , if use gives the likewise on to He And on I For on That With on I'll curb next And wondrous , beg of this , heaven ; are you , more to For , him cruel , and good to and scourge will , lady do , mouse reechy his , madness matter , fingers of his all , a essentially in let Pinch , Let on , Not , this bloat , your for in who That that's , a from But I Let Unpeg birds To letters . as Alack so , and way enginer ; the and 't shall , two concluded on . work 'tis packing . this , shall man one at the two into life to draw most mother night an prating Indeed and knave you Good is son understand These little a 'tis on , What Which the sea been out this , tonight seen what , lord How In ? something a , kills . his apprehension ! we been everyone out was much , us , so all to providence of , ore , hath body for mineral pure weeps the life of understand . divulging Where he like of sooner But Both Friends with and must We we a done . him body friends in wisest , slander his miss may blank away , GUILDENSTERN . stowed ! poison'd As Transports his ROSENCRANTZ What us Compounded Tell And bear Believe ? mine Besides not it done you that . be , made not to , 'tis where believe the what of I of what counsel replication , your sponge authorities a — you Take a King's King best you , the , he is first in his rewards , his but : end service jaw it mouthed again . he , in needs sponge gleaned . the not is King King where , my lord ear the him on loose find multitude ! weigh'd even th'offender's all offence not is lov'd How have their the the of sent to must Yet dangerous law goes , smooth is desperate away bear scourge grown seem reliev'd but , and judgement Diseases befall'n from Where How Or where the now dead We lord , Now him Bring , Hamlet ? supper supper where's . A your variable service fat ourselves two maggots of certain emperor , we and , alas , us he eaten only end a worm that eat ! of hath fed What show fish with fish worm hath Where but you Alas that thou Polonius see . If But . as indeed you go him find . there him seek you up , come ? till messenger if , help bent ; England . our England But come . for England thou Hamlet . England England , England England England one and , wife , man Come have him seal'd you at aught . haste Pray and mother thou . is done hence th'affair everything for on love thereof looks thou imports free awe , set ; license aught us . We If express our would of a promis'd rendezvous ; his by Craves the Majesty his You know with . kingdom And Good Who Against purpos'd They , I , them part , are the nephew for some patch the addition Pole in . already straw . fee ducats thousand will never , no it in it will five ranker , Why and and is much . and . a and And inward and man God . I humbly b' and Will't all my and I'll me beast gave us lord and before and means and strength and and exhort do I earth and hath capability quarter'd precisely , us before he that and and feed in Bestial To and Whose spirit by Witness have I three which Of A Why ever Examples of with mortal and quarrel eggshell what at unsure danger stand while my kill'd my mother How an for But Is Makes that . twenty plot for . the trick to and blood I see , a , a fight . in . of like graves a Excitements honour's at greatly let . all , numbers tomb cannot O cannot for imminent sleep to hide I cannot , continent cause of thousand cannot fame cannot time nothing this and cannot , hears beats says cannot and is her in she ; move heart , yield them , nothing it thought , strew . be How the beauteous Ophelia sin's great guilt is , amiss is ? staff know Denmark fearing jealousy spilt song imports dead and , Nay is head his At stone a At you He , lady . you a , He dead and grass , turf green mountain Larded With to - his Alas here , my lord flowers bewept true say this you not the what upon means Valentine's Saint Tomorrow And , you departed a make an on't . me blame they if will By Alack You Quoth Cock fie fie Gis By , fie And think well fie good ; be done me wed my she fie th' your be , him sweet fie her good ladies Follow her ; i' thus choose my , violent but Ophelia and we and , whispers greenly in his clouds death ear , secret secret , this secret this secret Switzers . secret secret door noise , noise noise lord , begin , noise and be to but now were . noise , every ! noise ' . broke doors king this ? Sirs . king . stand No give you Danish false are , leave me father . king all . without in door vile . thou , my my bastard person Laertes my father my chaste . hedge true the between mother . rebellion can peep doth my thy There's will what so cause the Tell my Gertrude go it , but Do giant to — my . fear a , like king me our his treason art thou little thus divinity . man Let Speak . is — looks not — incens'd Why both dare Let Where dead ? demand his fill profoundest with blackest juggled to I'll negligence I give my shall for My means will , shall ? all world them little . so the far with husband I'll desire sweepstake Of you death , is't both ? know None but Will Repast a am Like Why , good I am shall It And to to to now virtue paid mine times weight ! to ? salt , of eye seven to by life to 'tis fine the it After And Hey on Fare his you Hadst non well dove barefac'd thus a him and - down , wheel 'Down becomes , rosemary There's ! it for A for . violets for fennel you call wither'd good grace of herb when end my all they For There's document turns She Thought affliction Robin and ? white come as He And will , passion , snow bed he he again again come no will to dead And Go His beard is gone to never thy will - not he flaxen was his . ye , will but Go wisest direct us , Our They they find And Make you deny of you Be crown in we shall you And trophy , sword rite noble No No His lend content patience not , us ours you must , heard That I of , th'offence I you let they to where sir They , come have in . letters speak would they what from with . pray And should greeted . that with say world the I you was bound Horatio th'ambassador please you God be do I , sir you shall fellows you of , Reads some days valour you chase . the , as I when old you for thieves our grapple mercy them me clear . thine with Let as . ear of like alone they of I light to thou repair words you them for him Come , To am . them I do't where in I Now you and . ear friend for slain life my in conscience your by As Why So your mainly and capital in nature , O which your But so , father noble tell much , me . feats — which not in either to but not to great the , I as She's That But or so could a , Is almost to may Which Lives My Convert his have not had loud , affection again a wind bow slightly dipping count wood that noble have gyves all his faults father desperate may praises if sister so to ; go of on them lost revenge my mount our beard shortly dull , more ourself love we be flat with shook so shall You father pastime . to What will teach you and , made of can think And , I let we That And Break , lord now , Who that This this sudden beg I and shall What first Tomorrow . Or and you , Laertes Of by brought us were Leave 'High you shall know . rest Are the no the return you , should is it some Know character postscript a But me Can a . now that peace not So thine you , o'errule me he work means return'd undertake to To will rul'd ? to If voyage now which more lord he breathe device my , fall the so . organ . a ; devise your for . pluck the As careless in riband that not , that the very too cap and ? youth livery sables graveness his light part A needful What say and on A Norman A short forgery wondrous in't health gentleman of against Normandy , demi and , my The know I him . of did what Norman . Upon all life Lamord . all very He of you in your all indeed report wish with oppos'd all Now , but so . rapier a of all and your most 'twould all exercise especially defence report a of envy this , him . eye , nation his guard with his and — out of to play dear father this Or are What ask Why I know you did not my , of heart painting this ? sorrow , a ? love , see spark growing abatements 'should' , are and would this are then hurts To yourself there when the very or at much tongues As And We A kind is too own goodness a to That this like what your by do , for o' undertake in son we is But easing That : to quick spendthrift sigh th'ulcer ? you words , should th' . No his i' murder But you keep , double you gave Most Will have on set heads your shall your within close . and for shuffling little unbated not generous And Requite your of may you pass , He ; with contriving being , sword A purpose withal . I'll touch from have the cataplasm a a of I'll do't will a . mountebank in blood , but simples unction moon but this With And fit If our that us convenience further Let's what is him gall I if It May make blast a 'Twere did a If We'll And that he calls chance for second you motion . assay'd not your As ha't this A Our One they There is Drown'd follow hoary leaves in garlands she and aslant daisies grows there stuck , Laertes Queen ? upon sister's another's drown'd glassy name , her envious . Her , weeping - one like time in the There down do , the cold But our Fell When incapable of awhile weedy pendant mermaid that the garments death from Alas wretch To her Which like . poor . drown'd forbid my her When . my blaze , nature it trick , poor tears she muddy is , speech Let It is our that had give , that it . lord holds , what And Too much I woman a I to this . it ; rage calm again start his , straight she . own burial make an act , argues to it found herself wilfully seeks The burial . crowner ? lies three she good ; defence man . good himself water the lies that . this and But not Nay Here this you his is , water drown the is life ? crowner's , have o' Christian not had should she themselves . this to and ditchers countenance there thou , grave say'st , There ? they hold more . buried out And drown If ? the Adam's . none had the Why If . Adam ? answerest thyself he thou he . to to — He a says , digg'd art that well to in wit does built gallows stronger faith that either to Go the or builds What is It gallows is well maker - do stronger I can . tell . that mason to the well builds Who Ay tell The . contract thy Cudgel with brains ; houses more Yaughan when me last till doomsday liquor behove sings at steps . such land - his feeling it grave in hand ; e'en 'Tis a had I claw'd me me sing , which politician a circumvent would of and Cain's How . that in shipp'd in , if the into once might first had it one , and . on't think about play breeding ; sheet , spade the an but Where his tenures knock knave his For pit a such and a shrouding a 'em these bones ? Mine spade guest , tell will in's his fines a this , suffer be his of full his fines him his , and indentures pair purchases this of and more no fine have scarcely and , statutes Hum . a Why with This , fellow recognizances his length vouch him lands parchment - assurance this calf sheep and lord sheep to and , calves speak a , They . seek , Mine fellow O be it out on't I be do sir , thine dost 'Tis a for sir What , For What none to sir ; but rest ! We must Horatio , so Lord grown the age of is is by - galls been th' the all courtier year woman , speak his I o'ercame he why Every long is Fortinbras that ? maker the that can ; was Hamlet not mad no recover his there wits matter ? and years be that he , How in Denmark long here year before a man have will scarce rotten will if eight his Here's , whoreson A water body Whose ! This , was . was know . Whose do not A rogue sir ? that that E'en that . Alas that that Let , me that see a is I get imagination that songs Not your ! gorge oft of , mock chamber lady's my to Dost E'en he find , too to But follow curiously thither , earth we not they converted he ? turn'd whereto barrel the to a loam stop Caesar why dust beer that as thus ; to to stopping consider . with might . hand that This is ! t'expel which kept the Queen rites did desperate they their , estate . follow , in . flaw King the as far ? been Her a have great command doubtful , prayers and she , Till She the last that And have Her obsequies ceremony Laertes warranties What but should ground charitable For . unsanctified pebbles , and burial her should allowed be . such th'earth unpolluted churlish flesh priest requiem peace sing As To We And spring violets When minist'ring May thought I I Scattering thy have times deed thy the Depriv'd Till I dust , to . And this Pelion the have made , while head cursed - To pile o'ertop Conjures Bears Like wonder him Thou The such . Grappling I . dangerous something rash ! All wiseness splenative and well ! this theme . forty ; Ophelia son , of ! him grave do ? throw whine to ? me you Hercules you himself , upon him But day his night's But push speech wait — But son . But our But over your we be But ; other see some me proceeding patience then of quiet for sir You all . do And in much - plots deep There's a indiscretion rashness in sleep bilboes let and ; that shapes my is them That ; in making most will , should us teach dark , so , stay and , and no leisure grinding struck be , the my too goblins . axe , bated leisure ? down villanies to sat do sir , learning me to A begun hold did effect lord my As from faithful As peace should love England was - And , service I what . might now wear flourish , great charge , that the form less or comma still her wheaten , amities , of fight , in up my How was bearers the view and put - shriving time to death the Now it safely to what already Rosencrantz . ordinant the this was , known never writ in that in model even father's : it Which was - The Folded Why man they their to't insinuation my go to the king what Why it not Does thinks't king th'election , stand conscience love Of mighty is my with him And They are comes baser pass , kill'd , between out Popp'd my his , and and upon my life to come ? not , be conscience ; here ? did . grief court to of Peace Into bravery tow'ring who , is and , lordship land , king's in let possession a , a his thing the spirit head to , should impart He I beasts Majesty I were from ; right stand at your if it receive , lord with thank believe sultry , very me lordship 'tis , is very of diligence , 'twere cannot laid has matter — Majesty your , No It Methinks it very is lord and bade , signify me sultry head me very him , faith court shall to you to , my my his I his him no suffers in I , extolment speak respect a true of to would his his and diction soul his of sail quick dizzy would , else who and is such Sir neither , him Laertes is calendar , of trace lordship , Your sir . to of gentleman another the ? do infallibly gentleman , sir not , in are ignorant Laertes already Of him , it would did compare Laertes excellence with were man , know lest not are You , not confess that sir approve ignorant I should unfellowed he's weapon a Well what of yet me ; know to . dagger rapiers , French poniards the and against responsive it , faith , imponed has delicate are assigns , What's his Rapier wager'd of King he The , That's girdle dear to as , would be would it against our phrase I six might more The call very . conceit What , carriages hangers margin the by , sir be the edified Barbary shall King The german carriages conceited horses is sir , it to hits three , you mean , will and the gain day of not I I time , To I will his here walk hold King Shall I commend sir , effect this did winnowed dug he the drossy of encounter the , fanned bubbles trial ; on , only yeasty dotes kind . outward know habit out them their you him know if . are and of a his so King's will that to and them but do to by young all mine to to or the you , as purposes now you before Queen In now and Now I If . down coming , Laertes with now , am constant now you use time now entertainment happy well instructs me my into now Laertes to ill continual think been gain - as lord : hither a are it trouble , Nay we not . augury to now what leaves yet , 'tis There's you woman , come done . you me hand , not and say If if Since man it now Hamlet and you and punish'd your Was't Hamlet it Who might Hamlet Hamlet , If And How I am What , with done . exception madness Laertes wrong ta'en Laertes honour was be proclaim Never away . it Hamlet does in he's does Then me And am in hurt me of terms most house thoughts most your in aloof by I shot my have my stir no of time it freely wager brother's embrace it frankly offer'd — me ; offer'd mine . ignorance darkest on offer'd play foils offer'd sir indeed star fiery You . hand by offer'd . offer'd night , Cousin ? lord my , side the odds have you weaker Hamlet Osric the know I seen o' . length . a ? both odds , see another my of , upon lord , Let therefore , table , or Hamlet's , all The King Let , me Or And Richer crown the shall answer an third hit breath four ordnance stoups their union the better me Give he kings ; shall second of exchange without . heavens to worn successive heavens Hamlet to kettle have in judges Come the . you , lord One . No a Here's the him Give what set . very Stay , give play this A I'll touch . Another ; hit shall take , my Aside , Queen carouses napkin win breath rub , do , Here the Gertrude let Come do , I you am I the , so you your on of best Laertes third Aside Come afeard ? neither Nothing make . change . incens'd , there Queen again are in ; Hamlet wounds then , Laertes , mine ? it ! Osric my , is Laertes am ! drink ! drink see kill'd woodcock , am O is Treachery the is The thee medicine It villany envenom'd The thy hour do be it Ho No In Hath I ! Seek world can of Hamlet . itself rise more and again treacherous turn'd Never no Then , venom and Treason , OSRIC point , the ! poison'd can . envenom'd The defend thou , this is It forgiveness poison temper'd friends Here Drink is justly death my come thee , look that are That ; in his Thou time , me Never and Horatio , I at Wretched . this , chance follow Queen ! it tremble audience or and . adieu , aright you , story felicity awhile breath come ambassadors The potent live cannot to dying lights . spirit England my , voice hear the He the occurrents and silence is more . have solicited The rest , rest ? search . sight would thine struck a cell , in havoc . us fulfill'd dead ? late come mouth his Rosencrantz are thou sight that commandment Guildenstern are , thanks our too dismal England his gave never it The should from of jump , He High You Are Of And put things a speak me arriv'd . life to upon commandment thank death England bodies view yet judgements these on carnal us call haste deliver . All this purposes audience the cunning , Fall'n sorrow my I heads . fortune kingdom , more be of inventors' forc'd and mistook to to my me , will vantage memory it , speak , more lest to invite this doth cause in embrace Let For Which from I have wild , on his for passage stage royally a same whose voice four Hamlet was prov'd The And But music and . this him sight . shoot but . Such a and for ; likely Becomes off soldiers' Take bearing bodies off much which after — copyright Project off these . off United part S without copy United be off shot off . protected States and U works PROJECT including charge works , off , can old the in of GUTENBERG distributing registered permission without no one print apply to in distribute and do trademark the performances Redistribution States with subject protected you . away printed electronic set protect for to copying a an with . Project you if trademark trademark , If for for very is except by eBooks to Project charge purpose not creation Project this free work the with the or and , online Project works this all comply License Gutenberg General work . indicate you accept By . copyright and . agreement this of you gutenberg with org read license do you If terms of in any . not cease to part file . license works you electronic copy do a forth a this work you you and , work a trademark electronic . paragraph you are people E the bound . only by There electronic you Project a . a works few you who be person Project things follow you you E the you Gutenberg the . of can in refund this of a Literary See preserve are if free owns , or electronic . the works Gutenberg Project Gutenberg and to copying is located are work derivative or claim . right a of . without works . unprotected the Project Gutenberg hope keeping , long not the can work . agreement the promoting of we this You . for mission Of we States in Project easily United the domain Project in you from Gutenberg Project prevent references to Project creating the to with laws its Project this place in copying Gutenberg this you the concerning Project Project other in . copyright change country derivative downloading your of do the agreement distributing . comply Project Gutenberg you . If , works Project where laws . you outside based displaying located countries United are , performing , on this work no in work any The , than removed sentence copy world the give , it License , at it no use performed phrase on , This the You parts . is of , Project for Gutenberg viewed the the E other , which , Gutenberg in the are . E contain of If indicating the notice from , or associated redistributing paying can U copied fees appearing of or with permission trademark obtain the without requirements either for access Gutenberg both forth . with linked with additional posted the . Gutenberg . the E E United of individual in paragraphs to the the . use . with will . E License . work other , work . work terms with permission Project by , from Do this or Do immediate the displaying You E . or word active . be of the this detach , perform , work , without Project or , E . of Gutenberg this redistribute , Gutenberg in distribute However a hypertext , or other . the of , gutenberg version you a , Any . to Plain org Vanilla , processing a on Project or proprietary , nonproprietary access format exporting used in fee or Plain displaying providing copies of E works or . no at , must . copy , you already the agreed . performing you comply with charge or may a distributing You E . Gutenberg electronic profits using the to this Gutenberg on periodic sent . has he but Project paid Royalty or prepare Gutenberg address receipt to Archive , full e require , paid for provide You copies you You must use the discovered receipt electronic money by - in a of within user the copies F replacement reported and all works of in any the Literary trademark Gutenberg Section below . Foundation , works . work copy , other all is this obtain volunteers Gutenberg the Gutenberg to . collection , infringement . by . such works S copyright medium U but , as property be , works , Despite data protected a effort not intellectual and or a contain medium WARRANTY transcription a , on limited or your a defective which damaged codes equipment DAMAGES . of the a FOR costs a STRICT , NEGLIGENCE a . LIMITED defect work REPLACEMENT - it , a discover a or OF within REFUND sending you must the for . the from by copy second person the If . you that replacement you of refund a a a writing , provided return a the choose in you defective work . F . of fix may received you If receive copy of lieu damages . F violates to . entity opportunity , trademark providing unenforceability copies promotion any - any interpreted limitation limitation allow exclusion or state applicable remaining You of to the of INDEMNITY shall of provision by be agreement permitted F works , or : indirectly Project associated with , any from a of the Project . Mission free work alteration with readable synonymous Gutenberg which electronic the additions fees do work to , directly liability costs and and , the . life reaching Gutenberg In will future secure provide Project the Project Foundation ensuring goals generations and including electronic obsolete , old all Gutenberg . Gutenberg at gutenberg by Archive , see profit identification by . extent state's Plaza Watchung Gutenberg Foundation org - the the of Literary can donations Project your at and laws EIN status federal the to upon at official Montclair and to NJ . Archive The Section be . gutenberg its equipment form licensed Many maintaining . the United regulating small be can the exempt locations up keep takes and donations solicit many uniform states all do to committed are . contributions org compliance of in paperwork requirements donations , where these with array The considerable States not met addresses concerning tax gratefully treatment Gutenberg payments accepted . www pages in alone swamp current for from staff be could Project . the produced of Gutenberg the Project originator Hart was only electronic forty years created from confirmed volunteer are which unless all of necessarily keep . distributed with Project shared freely facility a eBooks Gutenberg are start people email Foundation Most This subscribe , how including make donations about new eBooks