. Stand me Stand Stand Nay Stand For now Stand struck 'Tis bitter guard I And Stand you do meet good , Horatio haste ? make , Stand watch them ho ? place who Give Barnardo Friends to And this hath you reliev'd ! what Holla , there piece thing seen 'tis have appear'd Welcome Welcome , tonight again let have us He , us have our seen . ears . it . speak minutes him us , come of this , this apparition our eyes appear 'twill down , not tush fortified two story heaven , your speak of night star same his it then Look like break , now When hear sit of this . burns the Thou Looks Peace made the Horatio wonder Horatio . to , it King to it that's Mark charge the that Question it with Together art it like . Most It ! What ! offended . fantasy believe ! avouch ! like not I eyes this ? on't ! Of it the might and to art Is ! So ! frown'd Thus before With what But particular martial stalk in bodes 'Tis hath work by gone strange , same nightly Good In He hour ; opinion . task me labourer the day ; week ; that , joint night Who can toward of mart why divide be make Why So this Why toils the shipwrights implements of , this impress foreign And Doth What might even know combat Thereto the you prick'd this least image the whisper as side Fortinbras now us appear'd of pride Hamlet , him , design'd by as sir the same had Fortinbras article , some resolutes here hot full and , cov'nant , there , enterprise is other , preparations , it chief , land other be - in it source may , watch our unto of father And by Of this think So Comes The stood graves most and was the with Upon Disasters squeak and trains almost to Neptune's in of sun A A In it high ere whose even and But cross thou , climatures behold If I'll As harbingers like doomsday prologue And That our together omen it . it and demonstrated , done be to good ease me . fate may , me . blast sound me thee speak at Stop speak and , it womb of in the in thou to thy foreknowing speak to , O treasure speak 'Tis if Do , speak speak the so partisan , crew heard , throat thing started Upon cock And The the with that fearful vain air majestical invulnerable like I at earth and ; trumpet , or god it is the summons to . of crowing ever birth 'gainst is all night singeth that season ; probation , our Wherein then The they that the object Saviour's no dawning spirit is no so and , hallow'd and do . herein . confine And of the hath stir , yon morn russet power , long to mantle clad strike the abroad , hill my seen will , acquaint for have eastward we , Walks you Let's Laertes Voltemand Lords and , Where be Though The bear be in , of our far wisest think discretion fought now this sister warlike ourselves joy with 'twere With Have auspicious , weighing with dropping and jointress green memory we Together our To so as our , marriage gone Fortinbras , worth freely we dirge dole herein , of disjoint supposal of of message out pester to fail'd the by this dream brother surrender of much for meeting of law : writ him of time . of young this rid advantage death his and to with , valiant , this in : brother's late us lands those bonds for bed most for To Thus Who that Giving , further CORNELIUS things all and ; Of let and , will . allow more to you than power . of voice not head And and , told doubt Laertes the heartily news , asking heart thy ? Laertes , you with the thou reason some of . instrumental Denmark the father , Denmark , to France duty toward that lord willingly duty Dread my leave and though must and to father's petition seal'd give it ; Laertes spend leave to my him consent last my ? Polonius says leave go thine ! will my be at , and much , the , Denmark vailed the lives dust friend on . must it Why madam ! seems , so it customary black , mother not , seems thee woe play seem , persevere for to grief , unfortified But I have trappings and the , to nature lost In Why what shows obstinate heart An know , incorrect course term impatient a will a A dead most and , our be must to fault A Take To It vulgar understanding we absurd thing to opposition fault vulgar , vulgar , vulgar of , common sense vulgar nature note vulgar your For nobility , pray world of think vulgar our bears : immediate son . immediate . of you school retrograde cheer lose us thee immediate In is back with a father most no which immediate And that Do immediate Than dearest . our to immediate pray in 'tis ourself and health I Sits the - And this resolve the and O canon His Re the gentle , Thaw King's speaking thunder . shall bruit shall clouds , the ! uses things rank 'tis of , so was to this not of my in world to , this mother earth to and ! would so not Heaven roughly ; that , him — two woman , God that yet loving much come month old my with month tears Within . the O the to brother wants beast ; Hercules flushing I mourn'd A Than left It my is , little O have in tears . all ! such in , break , more in in post to galled eyes incestuous to sheets in , hold come wicked for in must lordship I cannot it , forget tongue — myself or , Horatio your servant poor that from you change I I'll my good friend with Wittenberg I A shall you to deep affair know I to My prithee do came yourself of your own truant lord ; report you no Elsinore you in student . funeral . father's my see mother's fellow your follow'd it The dearest , Horatio forth hard , Horatio ? my my meats wedding . like the , I King The Season for ! father marvel . God's For Two With your father till I while love This witness to let had , cap and A together the encounter'd point Appears waste me , watch night , surprised not by the , distill'd ; good to watch and , this not But where platform was lord And Stand dumb , and speak of These Did you speak lord Where the Form lifted answer where ? like . methought address once did ; did , loud speak would as head it , up Itself But at even to vanish'd the And Indeed to top . toe from ? beaver his than red ? or . you been you or amaz'd had much . Stay'd long or . or very eyes . or upon ? pale or his Most or when , It Very While I warrant 'twill watch ? his . itself father's tonight again it pray silence And tenable in your conceal'd shall an hold it it If I'll If you speak bid And me though . 'twixt eleven and . honour to fare , to loves I'll loves . visit no tongue should this still . your arms , earth o'erwhelm them , foul father's sit Though play my My all Till Farewell eyes men's : were . will night the would : still And My convoy And so of youth and doubt that toy , his in minute alone , and mind the of cautel loves ; Perhaps . no In The Carve for unvalu'd : state , body depends his is nor soil his he For His thews bulk nature withal virtue weigh'd will doth you this he sustain he place goes Denmark your you your , Then Than fits head voice may He for not must wisdom in he May If lose Fear And keep If it or ear honour withal . sister moon the spring of beauty the buttons be blastments morn 'scapes are safety lies imminent disclos'd youth . fear . the calumnious to enough danger not galls before Virtue canker the then wary watchman to , and their infants most though of best , th'effect my as and ungracious way lesson good But to ; reckless , heaven , do my in else steep a the stay path of rede puff'd thorny shall some primrose pastors . this like And long . is upon in a aboard of . grace , you , your memory , Aboard ? blessing too Occasion wind sits Laertes A Grapple Nor And And Be Those censure ear th'opposed , but purse buy , may beware but of no his tried . tongue act thoughts in but unproportion'd hast them each Of entrance man habit in Give Take Bear't But Of do new that man's each borrower loses the best rank man thy ; station ; man . true : gaudy can itself both dulls : thine to then the own of and be : day . tend servants , said And Thou Farewell false be blessing I time What The Farewell invites Ophelia you ; yourself have I Ophelia something well private 'Tis of Have What , lock'd . you me and and : Lord bethought so , yourself I , bounteous late . not way free the clearly your so honour . truth , lord his Of hath is it do my ? on must put tell the late them think baby , me fashion call go to . poor should what of me tenders tender you'll . teach not thus Tender yourself wind — ta'en yourself In , I'll , not these for fool , soul , daughter both know do I how , vows than a prodigal extinct it fire . blazes your as scanter tongue the for , promise more Set command entreatments not their burns heaven lord , speech vows . making ; Hamlet is he brokers Lord For of in which and pious for ; implorators be a In larger to take You Even in something Believe him parley at higher rate few believe of his of This any with you charge so to sanctified . dye But better like with given not Do Breathing The air It The is a nipping ? What , to his . of . and an very air It mean swaggering ? out , reels , the draws of is am , manner the my it triumph The Is and thus Rhenish rouse observance it achievements From Makes our , the breach , I is't marry honour'd And to Ay mind heavy us though men height , of ; in origin complexion wherein mole and too the some say o'ergrowth down I form Or Oft Being Carrying By some oft The That As their by breaking , much one star as the livery , As From , To his own . censure of my , scandal the in infinite the general Doth fault it dram pure grace heaven goblin such wicked will Thou Be I royal intents thy and Angels thou with That father , saw their thee cerements Have Why Let spirit us damn'd shape thee , or or call I'll of health thee . questionable , in the inurn'd , Hamlet O ; but death sepulchre , steel this and glimpses and beyond shake of , we reaches ? we marble complete jaws may again ! dead With Say night hideous , you it did . you do by . with my not Do And my thing forth . as do ? will ; lord that flood the form summit again will not Why , soul tempt What And That Or very into deprive , sea it of horrible sea hears looks puts many it I'll . brain the . thee waves motive so on It You And That more place Be As Still hardy makes am each rul'd He I'll the as in , me artery Go ghost thee come him . Denmark this obey imagination follow lets him follow ? go . Whither My hour sulph'rous ! further serious . hearing I To Speak revenge shall am poor thou shalt ghost poor lend but myself to render thy to bound poor , a ? poor poor Till And Are To the poor and I the am away purg'd day certain I for for Would of ears Like combined stars like eyes two thy me But foul Murder this As May meditation or to my , in the with I thee that , thoughts sweep thou the know't ; find shouldst itself out not duller 'Tis Now by abus'd Is forged stir in ; know sleeping the in Now . wears crown his shameful that , gifts — seeming was love most ! and lust virtuous traitorous falling my Hamlet made wretch natural , whose . lewdness O wicked will a though scent on I And itself sate methinks . hour Sleeping to it in a what , me lust , let Holds it man of whose blood courses the ears my hebenon secure doth into it , mine pour it of So like a , wholesome And and natural And curd swift with thin was , of like my , lazar The instant most even - All , by queen of smooth blossoms unanel'd ; head ; account , else heart ? me Remember , What once near , bosom her nor , mind aught that thorns at my seat pressures records my Remember , stiffly sinews , O ? hell my me poor Ay shall But couple you In And all you , fie instant of holds thee old copied all thee ghost this , saws All of wipe away , book the commandment And That youth books and . woman ! by my heaven ! be so me . I HORATIO and lord My Within Within Within . Lord Hamlet . him lord bird ! be Illo , How Hillo is't What my , my lord , I Nor would you'll be heart , my lord by reveal of you'll , I , by a arrant . knave tell villain in this from come think heaven But and ? once , HORATIO i' shake shall point we that your hath desire and part part , go you — man is And Why ; more circumstance the you ; right own and ; my poor : offend but this wild I'll vision tell friends is , me scholars And faith they and I'm honest an is O'ermaster't as may to . Saint too , you Give poor ? lord ghost Patrick , There's offence For As you My your friends much It are make , I my my Upon Nor In boy ha , have sworn upon , stage my lord that you this to Ha Come speak of by . Swear Beneath , gentlemen our we'll hither Well said O Never work Beneath by . Canst Swear so it give philosophy earth Horatio , strange , wondrous welcome — mercy you shall times pronouncing ; speak' thus of or , or before 'If 'Well Or you , we Rest , rest Beneath time Nay out fingers was , let's your Let man a so love poor his not , my shall t'express all With And do May on born to go , I of these , marvellous him his , very visit you Before You My how , and do What By And Than Take And you encompassment , at know 'I — do his some know , him' part so ; dishonour sir , and be I please him you if't Addicted What noted To drabbing . drinking , he so ; As A meaning he is : seem Of Wherefore , And Ay , i' th' working , that would know drift . on you here's of fetch my it slight guilty consequence assur'd , sound warrant crimes son would this 'friend or country the . a is these thing a laying believe Mark little , According to or He , ' , I . ' I ? say to say to in and consequence something 'gentleman ' . ay ' What sir does about : the t'other know 'I or ; At He — good lord Where this . he marry the the I was was mass By the ! you , as , and advice bias assays and a , yesterday such such enter and . wisdom carp of me , I have . with my You have ; of , you See of this so house have , of now you well . my fare ply inclination you God wi' Good you . lord music ? so been affrighted . his , my . what's lord , Ophelia Farewell Well my lord the , his knees , and hat Hamlet as , Alas , now ? God of the sewing in , other ankle foul'd name in , what I , With Lord Ungart'red his with To , as horrors been so - head No Pale And he had As I My took know Mad not said . it ; his my stay'd shaking waving went his being his end And As he draw a seem . seem'd , go with violent . very their shoulder their on , the ? late , sorry command , his but did trifle , mad he and fear'd But proper our but judgement . in the move . might , the sort my to made sorry I not heed opinions our did better beshrew ! jealousy age King we kept to hate heard . beyond cast To is . More lack I th'understanding . thus put both hath , court companies him you . remedy , man him living . two hath lies within and your may good will it are will not there and us our the As expend us more am adheres Your you more pleasures Put by supply so much time with of your I fits shall your the visitation Than dread a As For to majesties full bent feet in the your obey freely our lay And too And Guildenstern you I bring changed To service , Rosencrantz some . Hamlet visit gentle beseech Pleasant . I hold lord . my good . hold gracious King soul , brain have mine . to and lunacy . I sure my : liege th'ambassadors long to admittance , that cause ; of , queen is . friends sift and it source sweet grace be the fruit father's Say , Voltemand Well , shall our o'erhasty distemper impotence , he ; Fortinbras But his your hand in ; uncle and truly found griev'd Polack , arrests , Highness , in Majesty Highness appear'd which 'gainst , he the Highness look'd was That Highness Whereon three commission , herein to And old th'assay sends brief with those Highness employ Norway him an Through , Highness more never fee soldiers the thousand dominions are us consider'd think upon ; annual allowance . well time well therein As Go Meantime we welcome well to business at , It you likes to be . and day brevity waste should liege your thank rest Most majesty is be is , This . and . time of outward go is madness mad true son . pity ? wit day time figure 'tis less nothing will Mad call to ; it More matter but is pity it grant effect remains it whilst she , at 'tis true no comes rather have in soul's a but shall you most beautified . surmise . Ophelia and , effect this defect . the defective the cause by thus obedience idol faithful I Doubt madam , an the Good I dear most am Doubt Doubt Ophelia This , But Came this Hamlet from ill at , numbers be sun the that a fire move doth I love liar , have . most this , believe art not means , me , place ? to him , show'd ? and solicitings you wing , and , look'd or what must so this had As I fain it heart the desk winking idle dumb , book , precepts prince mistress , this ? a ' And from , not This Which That my think should , repulsed , fruits a the herself then I his short then , she , Or Or What And Thence wherein Thence Fell to to Into the lightness , by raves , my Admit you said ''Tis so time very 'tis sadness — he into a Do And a this that ' . know I this hid though , this I find if Within may this If from , lead me circumstances Where And me But encounter the where do , Away assistant look him the But board I'll assistant assistant assistant I Well assistant , God - me you assistant wretch , Hamlet ? lord lord so were a honest I lord goes world Honest would Not . You my . true my thousand this , I you as of ten dead a carrion , dog , very maggots Have th' Aside conceive . a , fishmonger to't , blessing look . far gone lord ; very my . he , daughter He read , grey have thick wit lack eyes read wrinkled sir , plentiful here you do words matter Between ? lord their purging lord , you — in't lord my is like thus down a crab and powerfully am old men and reason him which often Into my of the grave Aside air means contrive not ! A You suddenly replies honourable Fare life my lord will of daughter pregnant , How and my him life my willingly and sometimes on . my . my . part . I life more except , God the most dear dost , how ye both ? Ah Good ! earth happy the excellent . thou of lord ! do My good friends Rosencrantz My On we the ? favours a is ? her live Fortune's in Happy Nor waist cap her Faith Neither , lord middle question , true she . true that news good to Denmark's ; one goodly your then , Why bounded it so . one in I too is my me is 'tis a the for of but is is are ; a the be could I infinite space and Truly Then A , dreams beggars' shadows will I not We'll quality a light and hold beggars our are . Shall court our For , outstretch'd heroes , fay by my Elsinore ? But not , you I but other lord no ; free halfpenny occasion at you of , I make a . a visitation . my we say . King end our by ever kind anything , I in let of me the whether ? you you If , hold . you anticipation no feather have my with heavily seems , air look roof to fretted goes it King Queen so a mirth , you this , how of congregation reason ; in custom all that of discovery were sent prevent , sterile why disposition o'erhanging this promontory ; fire in it , you action beauty nor say you stuff ; like And . moving , you apprehension smiling delights there , you then , receive hither shall my you did you My you Why that ; sigh gratis adventurous shall the king are the humorous from players He of me , her What laugh those say . players delight Even and the those it you same they I chances think their keeps are aerie children rapiers so and are , of the of they tyrannically , in eyases that cry . are on pace ; out These for't goose common they quality are on There the and do their . question unless been argument for tarre O , has been Is't Do there ; uncle for my in philosophy , Denmark give , his twenty . find if . are Your Let which . players and father appear the Elsinore to and There it than the to . west southerly is handsaw each his swaddling clouts old say they for yet with man is That . players 'twas When to so actor Rome , Roscius hither an lord . ass on . lord have to actors . law of . unlimited Jephthah . comical the came each These nor pastoral for pastoral , the be - heavy liberty - comical historical too , are Israel lord , ' . daughter my , daughter loved which Nay follows What then and As Why lot of row The first friends beard my your ladyship old welcome , my ! Denmark is . Pray God heaven What to well young than your . chopine me Thy glad . pass to , as like will comes face For look . was more is ? lord the , speech . us a million if you when , thee I , like , it method that as in wholesome , it it indite to as lines much with One If and , phrase sallets of thereabout it with , me speech modesty might the make as . not rugged as lay by , play well remember one digested of and chiefly . I nor very affectation matter cunning the loved The When With is impasted parching , night the the and , mothers Head whose Pyrrhus arms complexion wrath light , tyrannous with gules trick'd sons , begins did in fathers Bak'd heraldry his total Black Hath this purpose horse smear'd foot daughters black ominous and coagulate gore fire to and , antique it sword , with proceed , murders their Rebellious to Striking too short God , spoken like seeks , strikes his senseless hideous , sword wide Ilium match'd him his , in falls father Seeming Priam drives . falls where ; matter Pyrrhus some the nothing Did we in speechless , lo For and Then wind , his the a But So Of Stoops this feel base was Which Priam tyrant will and storm stand , thunder below her sword , wheel hill the And to a barber's Say , with come your is or jig for Break Out He's that threat'ning 'Mobled mobled is ? queen' queen' flames That's lank blanket this had bisson up . Where A late 'Gainst About the , But When with his would of fear in steep'd — robe a the , has — heaven , of eyes them clamour husband's . limbs in's burning of made Unless Would has where you well out they report better abstracts brief of this , hear chronicles lord better will you after . man My well well . you use while according own bounty dignity desert . desert his their soon — them . let the their than of ill . The tomorrow . We'll . him , is honour your . some and a play hear , old Dost We'll me , Can friend friends ? tomorrow or well Very sixteen my , that and Ay You could for to welcome My mock , Elsinore am player monstrous God But from Good lord Guildenstern to What's With for or so O A forms broken in voice to , and Hecuba ? And his for , fiction a his his Hecuba force soul him the have Had That , he to in's all nothing ear , with stage cue What tears ear indeed Yet I ear the my most No dreams Confound can - a ear rascal ears drown would He the motive , and and mettled the ear free ear my cause , a ear , and : lie my I Am . property John Who And for th' this it or gives , villain was say across in pate ? throat ere region bawdy this all vengeance a by Prompted Must That , this ! With , a scullion ! my kites cannot me does it , kindless , words very heaven , Bloody slave's offal . lecherous ! This heart dear most murder'd hell a have and brave ; the , presently scene malefactions the , hath yea the a of the T'assume the than this the be know the devil pleasing mine Play I Before uncle . to . May More from so why harshly dangerous no puts he turbulent and drift his Grating But from do we with But we bring he feels him And Get does what cause confess would a find With He with Most free to pastime . well . he Did like Niggard But And And Madam , there We raught - To hear of on so fell it beseech'd hear me it , my lord . a on drive With 'Tis him leave sent , Sweet as have 'twere Her Affront that , frankly . hither Hamlet and Gertrude for too closely be gather may of father , That he by he . judge love part , here , book may We are To an oft devotion's again your in Gracious , visage blame please show too We Is harlot's lash , to ugly . O 'tis speech that The action we too — Ophelia — loneliness 'Tis I To be Whether be the nobler to , against die of fortune sleep , painted my , and 'tis , perchance be to wish'd is to . dream of shuffled . pause That Must we For give makes wrong , love the the the the delay spurns takes unworthy and and the life his , would merit proud contumely life may , come coil respect time death bourn , fardels weary these law's scorns , might , of man's quietus bear , might might might thought not know cowards the pith might does conscience us sicklied might And Be fair The humbly I does the this of currents turn you orisons thy in sins my That lord have I I pray honour'd them , lord words more There my my my . my ? lord ! Are my you Are means honest lord , my and your lordship fair my ? admit gives time honesty should with honesty . better beauty discourse no commerce sometime I you me believe . sooner honesty you , it for my , thee myself thoughts them that not believed me of more be the was ; to could thou wouldst at offences fellows Where's as not . believe none lord my your may play crawling do us ? fool ! shalt not make of marry . needs wilt for thy Farewell . dowry escape marry thou given calumny To hath and ! already me jig and they keep mind is of fashion of Th'expectancy all of Th'observ'd The O courtier's , I observers rose , noble eye here the most lack'd that affections spake ? Love Was Nor he O'er I not what Blasted That sweet see That bells out feature O seen . ecstasy have what : brood on melancholy . There's something sits it and which shall our objects quick in : demand variable matter settled brains of fashion This It his you queen love himself and well do From . We The need his all To But . origin us , Hamlet do , be please mother it . conference Of . show I'll be his hold fit . best . unwatch'd go . him find confine in , with round her let , all you she not must so Let him shall ones you , speech , thus I if pray my use smoothness , I pronounced , O of of for saw offends must very air in all ears to to temperance that rags , a tongue your , very would are warrant a of periwig say ; passion it , tear the it shows dumb of It , who , avoid discretion let , o'erstep the from , and , to , end , this tutor for both to very make your allowance I age nature , in nature be your , at the mirror this cannot be unskilful as playing the but , to own of , make virtue of off , was not , image , laugh . own 'twere whose and or overdone up the but to made sir . it with play your spectators question of those . for altogether than more O too be hope well others heard , profanely seen o'erweigh — it is in it uses . my ambition will clowns then barren some some For And let that reform'd considered to now hear too players , lord , at Horatio sweet , Here the . them lord my O my I I should hope but flatter ; flatter'd be pomp knee the absurd ? hear . of thou spirits , man choice hast mingled - co buffets . a pipe that thanks she . for well are rewards so please , him . this wear suffers been , nothing those And , King . guilt - foot . seen foul have speech soul heart of , face are not Vulcan's As will imaginations ghost thou of scene have I One when with mine Which , uncle stithy And we in heedful one as very It is eyes we after I Well censure In They flourish . the , I I , Hamlet , A Enter you . place , and idle . Ophelia , Get - answer this say once mine not play'd . you you I What Caesar i' . actor ? Capitol Brutus i' . nothing , with nor That did , part I enact did Julius brute . my the , dear ho O shall I here's Come , you mark me . your , King . in Ay Lady , upon . your lap ? nothing a think , is thought my . are You my . lord I ? my a my father two but be do . merry half life then may memory ! wear ago outlive , not a But . suffer , O , Then ? suit , man . two devil months ; ' , Queen him and bank a , he for O ! epitaph , I'll or whose a hobby must die lovingly . King four whose , away comes in The , passionate . whose is leaves , finds three with Queen crown his off exits . whose The Poisoner kisses , seeing him head makes upon whose her show very and kneels the - whose Anon comes and awhile but in , mischief it loth and carried again , in makes and fellow a ears , play cannot all the keep lord the counsel us tell fellow this him : players . show meant ? to you not you tell show to your beg prologue , lord or patiently of . love As my woman's Phoebus' Full and gone round ring a 'Tis About Neptune's And our have times dozen most may ere so your , love you distrust far woe But great , littlest doubts fear so . is love there , my aught is siz'd hath made extremity it . you fear in holds nothing quantity though ; grows are , the me the breast in be who let confound must and this too . to love . wormwood , my wed Such husband be . my but . rest second In needs the base A we is determine unshaken like necessary now Which Are second of instances The I but what violent birth fruit When Of But you do I but poor mellow , unripe 'tis the grief destroy or we ourselves passion that is on , joy to , loves not joy most joy Grief love The lead , left for question you love on never makes mark us with either enactures violence ending passion What joys who who orderly want yet , contrary own him . nor heaven him lord husband overthrown none of him our , end hollow friend begun . lack him a try , run doth him . enemy is night , him so fates our wills are think earth To him I have that opposite repose when second , me my food first my and and be the well pursue , my Ophelia spirits To here would widow hence a once my what , deeply . break fain day , dull grow The my . anchor's cheer my And my come like you us . twain play Sleep Sweet should she and Madam lady O the argument methinks . no The but ? do ? no her keep poison you What , anon we wince have knavish ; that jade gall'd , our play ? play is piece it unwrung : what not . that of Baptista a if , Lucianus This . the a I you could It Still to are I see good are take and , faces , Come , and property infected , see The shall You Gonzago . anon how , seeing ? false rises very usurp name's King th'garden love The frighted the murderer for's in fares How with lord wife Gonzago's . Away . lights , lights while ungalled , the with a cry me Turk get Half a in fellowship share whole . Damon , dear world go must play hart So , with ; forest away one know very and now was reigns . of Provincial I , This thou Of For A , himself very Jove take the ghost's word I'll ? of very music well , king like Come , Ah ! the belike lord vouchsafe The King Come some note . word me some music not , my Good , a with you . marvellous , retirement of rather , with ; more itself far more . him ? wisdom lord Queen The my doctor put am richer would not . hath , of me my it mother's end be return , of welcome affliction are is not spirit of . courtesy answer the shall ? diseased , But cannot , your She desires , you What My the but , Make thus more , wholesome shall command she behaviour says that speak And shall , were heels this admiration stonish ten times with ? Have . love and your to trade did liberty when have voice King your . your . the griefs pickers advancement I you deny surely bar the You if your upon but . wind me , recover O , lord the be recorders , lord sir my to if understand my me too bold , my drive upon too Will I lord you play this . beseech touch I me Believe with the , mouth , these your govern of it do know command to Look I easy . with ventages your . not top this would make thing ; of me a know music 'Sblood excellent Call , it pipe me you cloud in like with sir speak , you shape of camel indeed It is it backed like Or I will come Methinks my 'Tis churchyards and witching very Now could as the breathes friends . but , her cruel be , heart Would Contagion By When And to to O The quake soul Let in tongue speak them To not his commission nor Therefore forthwith madness him never in somever be firm this enter Nero and words my she your Out We England range , I let to us of ourselves many feed the keep strength from itself To That Most our of shall along estate lunacies . grow . bound Majesty rest more , of mind a The weal whose but is thousand which boist'rous but I of , to , small sigh , adjoin'd the annexment pray fetters of of fear speedy groan falls lesser consequence Never a ruin it of things ; footed - free and haste . of , upon . we goes ROSENCRANTZ now will My will myself home To And lord , tell rank smells heaven ; will my as Pray curse as bound intent , my , sharp pause a guilt ! eldest dear lord bed , well go I it hand Whereto blood , begin in snow white forestalled Or To what's than where What enough confront ere come itself if brother's twofold fall mercy , business first the not there And neglect both To wash visage of offence look form still queen — foul to , be pardon'd my those My Even oft seen the of there forehead What . nature , 'tis by this th'offence ? itself justice wicked But . Offence's May , mine own and may ambition retain we then . when of ourselves the action shove prize 'tis And the law and , angels ! born he it , Art Be as engag'd soul wretched O Yet can state ! what And A is hire this , reveng'd do sinews ; Help heart Make assay : steel - pat . heaven as , hent ? soul of his drunk in At Up he he Or When sword is take heavy in how With And fit in him is heels be or salvation . mother and . black , thy kick , rage horrid his some . days his that no , asleep ; relish his Then , has soul but King rises goes may sickly as stays , e'en . between . warrant Withdraw round I'll round And your heat round Grace I'll round him . with mother round round father much offended round Hamlet , question with with you , speak can wife budge . mother , you those not so . me forgot you rood by it you not and , Queen , were You And You , sit see go till I ! ho you of murder not Thou you ? me , Draws , dead help help ! as good is this am , what . deed King mother brother , bloody and rash deed bad a my better wretched find'st Thou . thee thy rash 'twas king As king word intruding danger so , I is . Take heart braz'd against , down . so that thou and rose , thy grace an have If custom not rude , sense so ; penetrable have bulwark stuff . rude wag it rude rude doom . rude , glow , rude mass doth a such and vows an body dicers' there . Makes and as false and A Hyperion's , and in the at visage , solidity this Yea and and The like here so loud me curls Mars , this on two this brow , index this , indeed what mildew'd you leave have a seal , set of man ? at you it's age ? ear hill kissing - heaven assurance , seem world combination god and your husband fair wholesome husband Or part eyes at . thrall'd judgement what : is ! moor ? Ha your err humble , was't , sense is smelling hoodman - blind blush , shame Proclaim fire let her itself burn . canst own . the gives in hell thy , feeling , no wax bones sight one ardour And the in shame sickly not Could And When Thou As Hamlet I mine see And O turn'st Since compulsive youth frost Over Nay rank in there , eyes my very black their tinct grained such and , diadem pocket tithe ears ; stole ! the kings . of precious in part vice figure in , chide lets to in . laps'd The important acting your tardy in in ? in , soul Conceit O and not , step , works and go and purpose and . visitation , and thy between in Speak Alas and , bend you with And Forth at as and the is Is but look amazement weakest That your you lady . peep alarm , you discourse the , distemper gentle son how , Do I action thy excrements wildly O look ? upon blood to have tears ; To true see there for me , glares he , convert , you preaching look stones . what nothing yet , at all ; perchance all you Nor do you but . even goes very of , he is My pulse Look the very Ecstasy cunning bodiless This makes matter your Mother to madness ulcerous of soul speaks , within all not Lay corruption film my , come weeds ; my the mining and Whilst Yea Virtue curb and itself the Infects make For ranker fatness the worser other it heart him pardon leave Forgive these to part mine bed it do beg pursy on the . must vice in twain . for thou if is , custom go But likewise put of a lend a more livery and this , easiness of Refrain or fair angel , not you sense doth eat half . not , good yet actions all abstinence that aptly And is use on The kind tonight easy nature throw or next , good be ; out , it with this pleas'd same him bles'd lord . night to you , I King means tempt a , again . kisses , fingers reechy bid I you madness good am pair call ? lady do no by on , bed , do him , know , a , matter his damn'd Who ? from all your in you paddock a . essentially let For the Unpeg Would And Be Let , concernings hide on the like be made of ape famous no me . breath . that , Alack England said you to mandate as they ; to life — way , Let the their 'tis . enginer have my meet , crafts . yard to sport trust will marshal I bear the I , one O set secret foolish mother . prating , this and at I'll Come now most man shall guts still Is night . toward counsellor , profound These these ; place this us is understand ? sighs . we son translate , You Ah Which is and wind In ! heaves them a what have How Gertrude What the cries arras mightier my Where ; man apprehension ' lawless stir something , the sea as Mad brainish old kills there everyone to all deed us full with The this 'A rat good had Even To very the madness Among whom life body from like would laid shall young draw pith the keep it of divulging metals , a He divulging itself Should divulging We But the . man all divulging , come the , aid divulging some Ho majesty away O with excuse you divulging madness — pure . ore done and our hence and skill vile ! mountains touch for The , Hamlet from so seek And And level them , And soul woundless As , both haste in our call we'll is full the calls . Lord Hamlet here come . O ? Hamlet body of , come away ! to . the to ? rewards , to end mouthed to gleaned be to is he but to . and go in a us body . all with and , to the , but on , him . goes multitude law scourge th'offender's To sending Diseases him all . are What ? Or now not is from . at bestow'd him , befall'n ? hath at is he ? my lord pleasure at . at , your . in at Guildenstern , Ho at at Now but where , eats At Hamlet . eaten At where all fat fat worms politic king and creatures your lean him at else to worm that that of eat alas a worm . that by ! hath fed , and of eat ? a thou mean a how yourself If But . as . seek him , messenger if not into send dearly grieve — hence . thyself bent is at everything , help must we — But is So it , a My . Father ; see that mother cherub them sees Thy loving and I'll is . th'affair on ; have Pray seal'd aught — England my thou you may looks cicatrice thereof hold'st love give raw blood I were ne'er . king my conjuring cure must thou Howe'er And my present like , that . You know a his me license , march . begun lord . duty of kingdom Over that I softly my let on , pray sir ? these Norway of whose Good sir are How it the some , speak Goes The against nephew to old them Truly A , in go Yes thousand th'imposthume rate is souls the much without sir , sir shows twenty of wealth thank humbly you go , wi' God be you And occasions straight a ? more after That and chief good capability oblivion godlike ? inform revenge and us feed and . against his a before , time be — it , wisdom and and , that to but which yet thought Sith Makes Exposing spirit Led To I And before Looking A Of Bestial too quarter'd coward , thing's earth , invisible and and danger unsure great quarrel without that Even To all a Whose fortune what Is That let to To When And their , a cannot , and twenty the a plot see , forth , time trick , fame fight try pitied What mood speak My hide importunate She needs Her is needs She not would of , father needs will needs needs There's Which Though nothing yet needs for breeding conjectures she ill needs 'Twere The botch straws enviously but Let in spoken , sin's in come as to in artless of So To Each Where her . with were one make good is beauteous , and shoon imports mark . this sandal , gone green turf lady sandal pray love one ? hat sandal his lady you and grass stone — sandal sandal snow sandal , sandal a heels but you the mountain . lord as mark ; not your table , go Lord . daughter at a was - dild are what God Conceit upon what the . betime . be you day , more door that departed maid . the in Let Then dupp'd the Ophelia , Never oath men will , and , his a I'll Saint fie do't , she By And chamber out without So an and , make end ! to't Charity shame to you by me before Cock Young Gis by Alack By , good coach night shall I . sun , cannot brother night spies it springs pray . muddied ; and , come . the your be him lay would they think to of weep it . so , night ; watch I ; and . Ophelia but , greenly . whispers her not they , battalions Of own just gone son , Next and a . ear me murdering piece death my superfluous many , noise Gives O of his to not wants his , Without Will Feeds In Like nothing our person Gertrude beggar'd arraign in , dear are Save ocean young rabble . Eats And Where What The They The Caps , as tongues , king , cry it word ' ! Laertes applaud on Danish they . trail you false stand , doors are broke . without all will my the drop door father , to blood brow harlot ; the me king . our Laertes person , proclaims mother good calm What rebellion Of between true cause the That thy go There's Why cuckold Even looks . it would , king fear like , his I'll allegiance dead ? father my is . devil . pit with . father my shall , I'll husband them so . you comes To this I juggled Vows , worlds , grace not profoundest to the be give I ; what both Let my not world . stay negligence I'll , well If dear your That you father's ? both in and ? know the with far go shall They , Of kind thus my them like Why child I'll but his the your father's death , Let her noise What . As It Within now heat That a you true of and a sensibly level does that virtue shall paid mine times . of . your in in eye grief as guiltless am It mortal and . itself life man's Ophelia May weight Tears is young precious in turn as fine sends loves is love an possible as is't madness beam sister , sweet old be ! instance , nonny , thus move - down it thing the bore They thou Fare thy a becomes It - the false steward him ! And down it that's in And master's didst persuade a stole . his . remember thoughts , and O . you ; fitted . for would he end prettiness . end end , bed end end end , ye . soul God away is his , we , grief God with this Laertes you choice hear whom me I souls , is must ha' cast see apart and hand collateral wisest commune I direct , satisfaction to us of and commune judge commune commune shall give death of Let commune you To we crown find commune They and 'twixt that if , commune we but will by or shall touch'd life ; it this , as 'twere formal So I you the , sword be And No to That , sir have you . for Hamlet letters they They say from , greeted not Let them come him him was please Let know . name for if is you , your got they gave on put overlooked for this we , letter There's for the what ; yet will much sent death fly thou good fellows are they for Farewell course These . make the . so , when King the , 'Horatio mercy I alone letters of They too the in ship them thine ear matter may letters , direct , way for that them me : too have you brought heard , life a for . and hath have must must speedier him To As by Sith And Now proceeded so all , else . up But That I Why My virtue , could not She's or to yet Lives as a public to the all his ; so that loud for slightly spring faults to turneth like dipping graces that them to but star conjunctive so my plague to life . count the , Would gyves And perfections . my go , wind my their gender wood to so father desperate must , my aim'd again , back of be shortly will father , Break And I think we pastime hope , How And that , we love imagine know leave I occasions naked thereunto your I my of . shall him Claudio ; them Who I to thing Know here you pardon your and Tomorrow 'High shall Or I live very my it in warms and . let in sickness him be diest postscript , he and , abuse some a am That lost 'Thus I thou , peace a If o'errule my Ay me . not , if might be the will ; could you It That The My rather I since of for travel , Your shine Hamlet's in say you together such sum envy . hearing falls right pluck talk'd But And I lord so be rul'd , one What riband too light The youth no of lord . your unworthiest , and Of did As Here seen on and his graveness of a they witchcraft And I've settled the With gem I know well of nation the very same life Lamord . He all of brooch , Sir . had out most in you gave for and made Laertes , oppos'd Hamlet sudden your the a sorrow to What Now That them coming out of do but to this , so , out you are ? lord a was that that Time his do hath nothing lives I think Why ? love passages is did , in goodness to much too or fire of love ; changes th'ulcer to hands , spendthrift accidents , undertake your . by To More yourself Hamlet there than words i' th' in But is a son , return'd To That hurts then this easing father's , double heads wager Frenchman gave your , generous And Most with pass you practice may in all fine fame murder close you praise on in being that sword , your within shall bring ; shuffling little . He remiss , ease . so it of so foils and for simples dip I'll unction that I a the free him that I mortal draws for will anoint choose a knife rare in mountebank of can withal if think May If I ha't make make that he bouts With this Let's us And a your proof or our what wager motion ; escape may sweet hold . venom'd . shape our bad let me assay'd back in , your Our follow . Your upon to cunnings , dry him prepar'd violent How now Queen , drown'd ? in , maids shepherds give glassy . Laertes doth One Clamb'ring down on hang the When , in cold That And Or like Which time one native of and it own could long they Her trophies clothes drink be lay their with heavy drown'd ? say it forbid woman Drown'd drown'd . is poor wretch from . But custom blaze my . that folly to give Now How Therefore this Let's I I be buried Is I How that offendendo it unless , wittingly to act Nay , lies go leave . Here I to man , is drown if mark Ay , Will you the ? Christian a she should their but up no great folk than more grave , Come , spade to and ditchers world thou in . He , even was , countenance this truth there have first the If . thee to question What a Adam Why . Could to . dig arms thousand . shipwright how dost , the carpenter the digg'd thyself he to the than outlives well does ill church again argal . may ill thou the , come gallows But tenants unyoke . cannot not will mend his 'a say , Go get next . thee . makes love question . of a when Yaughan The more your for , till stoup love very for his making a daintier sense . land ; hath it of ? claw'd so this 'Tis Has hand But a had th' offices , might , be a one's Ay my lord 'Good morrow . which , lord Worm's Here's . spade sexton's Did bones cost 'em ? e'en to at , lord a Or horse Lady my with shrouding - pickaxe with and pit a For , A For a trick a fine these loggets guest his shovel fellow fine , time in's his rude for to . meet another There's Why this tell to his buyer fine of and ? the his inheritor conveyances , lord ? ha no box ; of lie have a Is lands recoveries . to this recognizances his in pair a length vouch Is recoveries They to speak Mine , seek which a a are I out think O , For be sir do my be in't on't not not the mine ? and , say therefore it yet 'tis therefore thou , indeed for me for . in't thine . to liest from away ; it . no man man What is Who a the . absolute How near us was knave of the all it , By ; Horatio so Lord We galls since ? peasant have equivocation comes long How day and It . that the into England day ? sent very our was came maker that was why , 'Twill that Hamlet he that in him there ; there mad ? that ? that seen that mad ; it's they losing what mad as he How . his , in . I long How a sexton he , thirty been man . boy have he will last you . he trade that year nine we rot will your the was in of lain many you in tanner last his a decayer ? whoreson do Yorick's , was - now your And Here's great , his . know . skull and ; not ? knew I . times ; Alas E'en This ? it your gibes hung those my gambols the Here wont in He excellent most skull flagon of Rhenish on King's , jest thousand chamber , lady's she Horatio that , at . of to own ? let at my tell come merriment rises infinite of must . What's looked ? smelt E'en And Why ! stopping it , so may Alexander dust noble what base uses of . into of why lead , to follow may ? hole - bung . trace a so is was clay away world winter's the the , is they comes flaw Trains their with This doth they ; patch The But ! the corse it with , maimed such life follow rites did 'Twas Mark else . What command pebbles unsanctified trumpet and . allowed ground o'ersways . ceremony Laertes That ? else ? home doubtful was order lodg'd prayers her should For far , thrown bringing . more . such profane done burial be charitable have . her on be Her here she strewments done No more no bell be parted th'earth flesh , sister , wife sweet , sweet maid have shouldst thou Scattering I thy flowers When minist'ring i' head ; sense arms earth most Hold of times once dust caught have have head skyish made , mine a . grave thy treble that Of o'ertop Till . deed the mountain or . phrase Like Hamlet the this your thee pile I ! well . This blue Olympus sorrow soul thy fear dangerous throat hearers , emphasis wounded of stand and thy , rash not am take Thou The take ; from . have thy Hamlet . in I thy I Which Good Until will , Could not What sum , lov'd eyelids Ophelia my with all . forty love fight ? Woul't come me of , woul't Woul't with with woul't show drink Dost her leaping outface weep I'll me up thou ? fast tear thou'lt do ? woul't : on disclos'd him mere fit the . pate as rant Anon , This will female . him upon his present the to a shortly An of your Gertrude shall grave hour Till , have , your push speech night's patience we . be monument in matter in , this for much then Methought circumstance shall see see ! all other fighting know us let . in serves all divinity That the When let for our all them shapes well . kind all lay , all of should us all , how That to their most about them , withdrew teach , certain cabin again an found , ends will my in , reasons and where forgetting own mine My sea - fears royal No But Here's the wilt beseech me , hear Being could read how I leisure . proceed ? now , sir labour'd down , to I wrote commission , our it service the tributary , flourish palm her service And As peace such - wheaten might , service lord my good An Ay As between comma was service of forget wrote Wilt thou service King service wear , their the of great less death - Without He Why had was it Subscrib'd Was The the Folded Which , of . Now . to't this . defeat their is opposites fell baser nature , their pass thee my , comes make did by Does man , they Of mighty a angle canker damn'd and incensed points life evil further To is the him nature not to , me this mother is't And this such him quit And What For And But a It must will to I interim favours , back to . comes forgot more The good his my , sorry of . his of am by I very here lordship humbly welcome this who is ; for 'tis be a lord a ; the dirt of but ; beast let in No I , right sir . Dost , a say , know . waterfly know to . his a chough were you all use your , lord I thank ; 'tis , very , to lordship impart should thing northerly — hot my — he matter is this , that cannot tell the indeed is as sultry bade very and my cold very is lord lord great , signify , faith ; believe he in of feelingly , for mine ease head I to your me him soft society the of respect me , in an and card what in th'arithmetic article , and the his , Indeed is , for . more . semblable infusion I know most gentry , of , full Sir gentleman a yet to would . showing great Why do Sir speaks else make soul his , as great But though , you quick of trace the to him to of umbrage of wrap ? The Is't concernancy Your lordship ? What is . ignorant — of , sir ? Laertes is — excellence I , him in ; excellence . faith are I purse sir you me yet know ; to compare with meed ; his he's ignorant that for approve Well his in What's in . himself by , against and . weapon to lest should well That's , and hath as as delicate their he The which , imponed sir I , call carriages What girdle dear you are wager'd take him weapons so responsive to of , Six had . carry margin very carriages ? the Three . liberal hilts the and by edified , hangers for vouchsafe But on and against . Danish call the , him and the you person of the . it foils purpose opposition If answer answer trial come , exceed would not to here I , How lord in of , King walk his I deliver me the the , Let please your . lordship no tongues flourish re sir it away runs he only , are shell his head yeasty and , has dotes ; most kind — are the a fanned for's else yours to his I the ; but his My winnowed of he turn himself lapwing with know him to you bubbles Thus age encounter on . King's take , suck'd habit and through . so able his out pleasure I to mine to the you the happy and time the the in or , the lord fitness him my the you to fall instructs you The the ready now . King desires all before . I shall so , I lord She Since the heart , it is lose this . my a woman forestall . gain no me at he . all's Nay but anything hither do practice here not a repair their to readiness me from wrong . hand have a you pardon't come , as done I nature I am might , Was't Roughly Laertes Hamlet If not What sir are , sore needs gentleman I and take was proclaim it from he's wrong'd not is Who Hamlet the , my His And Sir in your purpos'd , His wrong'd wrong , that . does himself himself honour denies Hamlet His be , enemy a the evil His of stir nature brother o'er it , so His is audience most generous If't His from disclaiming madness my my in no honour His name my some , offer'd not your voice and precedent of terms me arrow . that honour reconcilement house case this in revenge aloof masters will peace , play time most love love will embrace brother's the foils us Come , fiery your mock me sir , a shall , Laertes ; star them Give Stick skill I'll be , the has the I have the Hamlet ; the the lord weaker the you we it . the therefore another seen the . These foils wine the or upon ? Hamlet's union kettle that an battlements lord that second fire better shall successive . the cannoneer the which my stoups the first good , Ay Hamlet King Let Or answer to cup lord eye begin earth speak trumpet Give the throw , Come . sir Come , drinks to let The And the King the to cannons Well Judgement , hit very . palpable . pearl drink a A give Come breath . rub napkin son Our touch hit this ; say by it do confess . you pardon . by By I madam is Gertrude lord the not It I my poison'd cup do , Good me think't face . but do my thy is you Say Nothing I am ; Hamlet ; them Hamlet you Part Laertes then wounds Have come they . now wounds come Laertes ? Osric . come , come lord own them ! O come Hamlet Queen see am poison'd my . come mine springe the Laertes , woodcock justly swoons drink drink villany the as am the the , The the She No the In The in not . envenom'd . thy I the practice here me is mother's poison'd , King The itself to more . King's . foul on . lie an here art hand thy . treason LORDS and ! to , the hurt I , O Here me my potion this mother . Drink off incestuous Treason is father's and forgiveness He is poison Is . by , death thine of look are I Mine it . upon Hamlet thee . chance act sergeant I dead tell , aright . left . you , I'll thy me , than a Heaven wounded behind , by go . thee world from hold draw story noise tell my breath live have't , pain in , Poland gives from England . die o'er - Horatio th'election my crows my England . less ? night ? hither . search death , cries havoc in toward you this ? sight drum does of angels sing thee to see The affairs The bloodily many princes at cease would , O are feast of is so thine quarry This If is aught thou on or cell , dead thanks our question their mouth life for thank . England jump , High You on And To That Where him should we and , about . unnatural Of me judgements bloody and slaughters cunning put , things on , casual All this mistook cause , you unknowing view , bodies shall acts world hear So yet the . it audience . inventors' in this Truly by carnal let How For on And deaths accidental purposes forc'd deliver , call have Which And mouth whose voice also of sorrow to Let that claim vantage in memory rights some Of like most The have soldiers' he To was him the had and of war passage on put rites for and soldier captains a field up Take off bodies the Go bid , bodies music the , a soldiers be , shot previous editions United . one . Such the here royally loudly but Speak , which the States copyright distribute it , copyright will ordnance editions S . peal United these in and print a charge States not without and forth PROJECT copyright Use part trademark of in to to license trademark , works derivative You of practically do by easy S may Gutenberg eBook for with the away not to . may protected trademark free work Full Gutenberg of this the phrase of mission . license Redistribution distributing with the file or the . or this org available in with Redistributing Project , this have Project license of and obtaining do not you and work paid by possession . A trademark electronic accept all reading General www . of that the agreement If part this of Gutenberg By Section copyright work terms the . B on agree entity to be you by all of destroy you Gutenberg to things even C or Project whom Gutenberg the may for fee terms full if electronic . It paragraph to agree work can There by See Project people an registered a paid agreement this that associated you electronic do with to Archive Literary access the most terms . Project of this Gutenberg you this Gutenberg agreement . a works United work of as course mission freely the are the unprotected public Nearly copyright a The C Foundation agreement electronic PGLAF Gutenberg . works . of Project the and you If right electronic the associated it attached of with with full Project you laws change of do copyright its . the without derivative compliance works comply . in same The state of your format . a agreement before laws share terms copying of this laws or downloading Copyright outside based copying works creating Project Project any phrase copy , references United the copying removed Project States any makes : copying States of terms the on addition copying any copying , to work or work status . of all The Gutenberg Project . to copyright than other Project associated copied anywhere cost away it no is , world at . located gutenberg of performed whenever immediate prominently Project may eBook This . are of the . texts work United are individual Gutenberg that indicating , either copyright contain holder associated the redistributing or you must E E is or electronic work and distribution any . holder License copyright paragraphs of an by imposed If both with permission the through Additional comply Project are . Project . you the work . through phrase works Gutenberg . E . paragraphs of the individual the of in additional must E with Do . prominently electronic not the Gutenberg and to . E word , or to any . work compressed . than other user . the of ASCII provide a copy a gutenberg obtaining Vanilla full E charge copying comply . Project distribute processing , unless other . License request a , you org not or a fee for fee E include the a or original its copy E Royalty paragraph , fee are . using profits gross works your Project . this applicable the periodic sent tax as marked and Gutenberg Gutenberg of a with may already the agreed Gutenberg use of of Archive royalties under to but The works electronic to in Royalty specified returns Project s Gutenberg money be prepare your Foundation by Project which date each at . receipt copies F to within , of medium physical reported work of all receipt discovered and other a . you days defect refund and or manager in terms full Project the terms Gutenberg of of free for a . terms this copy , replacement terms works must Archive research terms or wish of with comply E Gutenberg set are terms . the Gutenberg Project terms works effort . Gutenberg works , such , infringement computer intellectual , cannot transcription protected to the Defects electronic corrupt LIMITED Literary trademark Gutenberg . fees Gutenberg YOU other medium liability OF RIGHT within REPLACEMENT HAVE under owner . the a including , Project the Project legal Project all and agreement work . F in refund to the the defective written on a physical person to may you work work to elect The medium , or demand a a , for you received days paid - REFUND If it work it the . to you the choose received . from person you you provided allow do states this not state or disclaimer be the If warranties agreement shall the the exclusion limitation applicable make to interpreted by law or any of unenforceability . F . any owner this You INDEMNITY permitted with agent agree of applicable of to employee the provisions electronic . remaining agreement copies , and all distribution of of , Gutenberg to the Project about synonymous with formats readable , any Defect you hundreds of aged middle of Volunteers and of obsolete in the of distribution variety computers the with of Gutenberg of . Gutenberg's , collection Project Gutenberg to Foundation the Project walks provide reaching the In and Gutenberg . Project about Project to created to generations support critical for for that are available and assistance goals Gutenberg Archive exists The Section and generations freely Literary how Gutenberg page at Project www a is laws Foundation's federal laws is state's full , up Watchung at Project or status exempt and donations . are Foundation is Service - U NJ official at be . deductible the to Archive depends Information Section Project increasing the support Gutenberg business , Foundation's S and your located to the Contributions the links widespread widest small . Gutenberg without and to and Foundation of readable can readable locations a the the . licensed out carry important readable in not many donate SEND readable prohibition state no where we readable . contributions to us www determine DONATIONS readable with these not and requirements much charitable and charities The where we met United outside have International we donations approach concerning and the . tax U treatment donate such who states states . but donations in and www Hart For forty originator works , that network the of loose from copyright of . staff and could works other of Project in we do main be donate he . About often confirmed at keep necessarily . help www information about . has any included with electronic produced PG Project new gutenberg the produce includes to start eBooks a which in as particular Thus several printed with the by protected which . our This Foundation Archive