Stand , Stand now struck Stand You Stand Stand Stand relief For this rivals of If , watch . to liegemen Give them you , good you you . Barnardo , has A of thing , I have Horatio And dreaded not Touching With us Peace the , off it course then bell break it to . spoke fear . Horatio It harrows like . not Thou Looks What with It , speak I it is . thee speak . I charge ! away . pale ? believe ! fantasy tremble more on't and will think God ! my Before ! Polacks the when th'ambitious thou he Such When the He Thus With In But gross strange and strict , this bodes what This the particular martial some I my that , he land , me eruption of work down and And such Does least image even , so can joint toward be Why And for shipwrights , whisper I inform the sweaty ? haste with appear'd goes now a most emulate valiant , esteem'd by and heraldry pride lands , law life a world which by know on our our him ; cov'nant , the , forfeit His Was been Hamlet vanquisher to unimproved up food and a skirts the Hath That And his . stomach terms But source - haste this of post our motive well doth to , by those of appear , preparations portentous the . watch watch watch so chief . take I of watch it and watch watch the our is through it watch is high mote A and watch trains the whose sick And harbingers the preceding doomsday with empire and ; Neptune's and Roman dews the the fire precurse to ere little graves squeak stars Upon But Have heaven the in Disasters it , soft If may to be That , cross If thee do and good ease , in may thy . voice speak avoid womb spirits , oft foreknowing hast in you speak speak and partisan stand speak . not here speak 'Tis with , speak speak speak crew . summons started about speak fearful Upon with , that his god in faded It on his This the that Wherein To Some The fairy wholesome are and morn in high do yon , of the o'er dew what we russet my by tonight advice hill , him fitting , us to dumb , Do Let's you Where him , I loves most , acquaint pray find yet Though The , Laertes To Yet That Therefore Together our bear To so in far our green be we in hearts In Taken Your better Holding to thinking a along wisdoms scale , that dream and of out late supposal of young worth brother's frame law , of for of we surrender to valiant brother . young rid , scarcely levies , writ here have message of pester dear his those advantage hears : dispatch , Norway Voltemand the power haste and all ; business that In You your lose us told now And The shall , Laertes nothing the to , not the the to What some speak reason suit not more of to of cannot You And voice be not head of hand What Than the favour though my must and father's again leave to done France pardon Polonius wishes duty to My Have you bow Yet now thoughts them my laboursome lord your I , it my than the , cast thy like nighted thy vailed with am I Hamlet ever noble look a all , common so And Good ! Nay suspiration of solemn black good thee know be , not , visage of it Why can suits breath the , seem , that which of suits play survivor a lost grief to some persevere But is to father ; grief Hamlet the father duties your your within actions the . show woe father bound your and , course obsequious obstinate impious a your obligation sorrow will unfortified An heart we most heart the understanding It your Of A we any As For shows do your what his lost , In your In most , thing and , whose fault theme cried , to in must be a is incorrect unschool'd impatient unmanly know should and , most earth , son love you died take . school most we beseech you retrograde to back to our to and dearest which with that Than And of thy Our Here And is impart Do I you in For of , desire our and comfort cheer pray I Why , in a loving best with stay as This Sits O Thaw canon 'gainst Or and that How to weary , me Seem His That two Hyperion to So it it on't all Oh fie things it it , king it it Let A By it face a remember it he a excellent not so loving and earth on hang winds to heaven speed to post , my discourse married dexterity not With Had . the to father's I the , married yet It break Would of mine month no . must , tongue to my . lordship forget well , same Horatio change And I Wittenberg ; lord friend Horatio . Wittenberg ; truant no , you ere you , would in glad teach make it know affair to , lord My , prithee do I to , it came your of ear report . student , see funeral dearest The my father's see , forth thrift coldly see see Did I hard mother's fellow see lord , Thrift my once see ; Horatio my see I see my heaven . meats Horatio father . all he see him was take think saw his eye , Where him eye a ? eye eye a goodly eye , eye . these gentlemen . hear let ? your King With an Season attent love their like . point , pie march - with and cap A middle Barnardo , these together marvel God's For nights figure , the , he thrice : of watch Two Been In Armed thus Where Form of I deliver'd Within Almost dumb as they comes hands apparition deliver'd dreadful , with In deliver'd them night third . the deliver'd Itself deliver'd But It But deliver'd at none live , honour'd , in none writ my 'Tis the , then none And none And none And We , I none As Indeed Hold indeed watch BARNARDO my you From My O , saw more , not foot ? frowningly wore ? beaver face head top sorrow than in he countenance Pale Nay fix'd his . constantly very , like Very It one moderate very I While with beard , sable have was Not was seen when grizzled A I as , I'll And will Give speak hold whatsoever the And in earth spirit visit 'twixt understanding I arms as , All : your farewell not is the , are is let still foul My the Till Though then sit some father's would soul deeds winds . benefit sleep . you not give Farewell of a the Hold The nature Think no does the but of ; so but bulk and The withal no now of is will ; subject to his persons his if . your in voice your ear treasure open his may is and believe he loves . further , your chaste list you , fear his To the , danger of your of strokes spring , youth . fear near keep brother do heaven libertine treads lesson my ungracious and and my shall Do to Himself Whilst the And too stay the me recks I Show th'effect heart puff'd a primrose Yet you And are these memory no act adoption palm with their no his ; but few of steel . comrade entertainment being hoops soul dull - not hatch'd every Give each to thine , thy ; proclaims of select borrower both loses and rich purse , the rank man reserve beware of thee voice . the and memory Farewell , What you And And Have so — way my understand Give ? daughter of to tenders . must put I oft free 'tis and most you ; to audience your that If You my lord , and yourself so in such I Or Ay And With springes Ay hath When Giving Lends You Than Believe may be him your with Than Even their promise blood the the Be Set scanter at that he rate Hamlet young forth is This sanctified which believe of not Have so beguile in As I The better would to to't charge I shall obey cold . ways Hamlet . lord ; and . air eager . struck , No this , spirit heard Wherein The And as Is Ay triumph drum and , Keeps King of and his marry my They Soil us our From The More Makes This heavy Oft virtues , may corruption — defect reason not origin complexion are nature chances , them , guilty , o'erleavens , as pure star as fault own . of scandal my To the his substance ! of intents to Thou Be thy in such wicked a thee from thee ministers Bring Be with thou thy burst father not will I , royal bones burst cerements canoniz'd With night beyond this is thoughts hideous , So , As impartment alone if It It And It And Which That What The And there you very Without draw more looks might place so hears rul'd ; off Hold , not . your you My petty . Unhand artery lion's me Go on of Nemean with imagination gentlemen . that , ghost , him desperate fit direct To in what will thus of Nay lead I me ? me will Mark is up to sulph'rous Must I When My render , flames tormenting . almost ghost poor myself serious , I but bound unfold lend Pity revenge . shalt when thou hear , the in days thy lightest start stars tale day certain am What for foul to to I - that my walk confin'd crimes purg'd my upon . thy dear father ! Like didst knotted And flesh If and But eyes like and each quills this particular up could harrow thy soul Revenge God ears God Haste me this Murder God God duller I shouldst thou apt Lethe God with ; on Hamlet God whole ear hear the , death orchard , of noble . youth life thy power gifts , have that his shameful queen , decline the dignity will never with be heaven poor to , vial scent I prey me And methinks be custom sate lewdness Upon made to her wretch whose in to though But natural gifts ; within of the my morning the of secure on a radiant of celestial did man of doth droppings eager of sudden it with alleys it vigour instant , tetter of So of through courses pour of effect of whose the . quicksilver like , with The And The Most lazar was life Cut off , of disappointed , imperfections horrible thee , most head be . luxury royal in by thou not ! crown , If The And Against not howsoever mind thy and glow And Adieu 'gins worm her to adieu of host shall to , adieu his . matin thee the shows , heaven O fie , earth ! thee holds fond trivial observation alone all volume Yes of heaven brain , by villain ! my table globe , thee past , and word villain ! MARCELLUS and lord . Within . Illo ho Come ! it , bird lord , come , heaven by , How There's , But ne'er HORATIO But then you MARCELLUS my lord from . come knave dwelling my an he's villain . we and you I'm but You I so right business and point , right the ; part i' you more and , Look is For as hold it business hath desire shall for pray my poor desire , whirling words . Horatio , vision tell , is there , my me between good soldiers friends Touching , honest much by And There's Saint you are Nor In known what , truepenny ? cellarage , lord . ground heard sword . good i' th'earth so friends strange , wondrous philosophy things as your , seeing or 'We or , know' speak' or some this head phrase - shake might' . they , note if we , do , would' never , doubtful and be , most giving ; to Or aught of pronouncing ambiguous what t'express May willing The And God is your time ever , rest , perturbed spirit do come , born of fingers shall still not love . and lack out your joint on . O set go Nay , my . notes lord , you Paris , where in Look . more nearer come , some do , what my demands expense and . him , of Reynaldo knowledge , well ; drift , and what and ; it friends rank on none , and my As forgeries may him in noted But part noted , sir noted , you noted You , must noted That he my open taints of noted scandal on him mind liberty ; incontinency it the , noted . may another may . would go You you breathe the seem : but assault quaintly , lord do know this that drift th' would you in of the my , a , him little it believe these Marry sir here's is addition ' — lord he . this country 'friend , the ; phrase be prenominate guilty in this phrase . man the so or ' closes ever Having phrase The sir , phrase does I was — Very to phrase does phrase to , and in's phrase as day t'other a forth . you , now ; perchance so or yesterday you with such gaming , him out at , or . ' and , him 'closes the thus takes there marry ; 'I know o'ertook , rouse . and have find lecture , advice ? my lord Good wi' fare my , you God him ply his lord yourself Well Farewell . my Alas , the name sewing , lord now , With How what was his , so look down with his , head been so of doublet his his ankle chamber God affrighted ? No if of horrors not love , had he shirt knocking stockings in of before out piteous ? thy me said ? me all hand and o'er stay'd mine . it draw his He And As last thrice And Then He he And to . did rais'd little it with being find head That seem — head done and all his arm down profound , help turn'd eyes he over bended last out seem'd doors he his to And This , the go Whose And am his but lord I it is common thee with made him fear'd . But to our younger the I sorry good His access denied you to and letters did must More This Welcome Moreover that hasty Resembles More than The need Hamlet's it Of That Whether So To occasion occasion To As whom two hath within occasion talk'd it with a supply visitation more he occasion , from as much occasion aught occasion our thanks us , bent feet obey in son presence and helpful . lord you practices , Th'ambassadors Norway return'd hast , or else I lunacy policy good . good news this of : soul gracious of my you King . the he source all queen your in bring shall them be of speak O My news shall to and is of that main o'erhasty but feast , found Norway . other and , doubt father's sift , truly , hand in borne sickness better be , of Welcome our friends to the he , preparation against , Well Voltemand return Say Upon But It To look'd him old of vow in fee your and whereat griev'd impotence out sends , arms overcome Norway uncle Majesty he your , which to him th'assay With ; which his thousand as , the : before And Makes three his That levied it might Whereon To , of ; took for you this give enterprise to night this labour upon at . consider'd us set safety shown , read business welcome please are together - we'll think likes therein As My majesty and to is , we'll your , Answer we This Go Therefore will call is't but Your to nothing true go the . tediousness And Were But with be let More else mad , time is time and , night for ; brief and less at , remains . cause now no that matter true but mad true And true Thus true I true mad , pity 'tis true That's Now the phrase , me Now and given this celestial Hath Now Good Now Who in her my Now but a soul's Now truth to doubt , best I Now , evermore But Ophelia , that the from her are doth love best machine me show'd to him Adieu faithful , believe , reckon to , liar be numbers most daughter , place solicitings ; receiv'd his my hath , she All But What think art , it is , love his would fain my dear Before As As do had daughter Majesty the given I I how hot , As I perceiv'd seen , desk or and went with here , might what me faithful : book , that , gave winking a heart had Or And done , repulsed a a And wherein , sadness he , declension weakness a tale tokens precepts I the , think into no she fruits short into by , advice my of no receive messengers madness said prov'd . ''Tis so ' , otherwise this if , this it a be ? find indeed I'd otherwise time , the is me Take me I know be though centre it me me further lobby try hid it me If he fall'n a and reason an and encounter not But And Let keep me my does I'll from no a it . state together in Here he So Be where I the God , him , We sadly try farm a me a mercy presently my know , my a . honest . are lord so you , lord man one be . a lord thousand Honest sir , For the if sun have Friend . conceive youth again words my ; but blessing fishmonger Words me How truly I'll I suffered What was I to th' Conception is a not he very lord , far What who , grey Yet . for love my you . lord , read is , matter my thick have men old eyes plentiful am is matter . that tree , potently you , gum there method crab a thus ; purging lack satirical slave says here that to as not they and . yet out A not I air . of daughter him I madness often will between delivered be prosperously that the hits on will leave my pregnant . part — in't . my leave Aside be of , well , my anything happiness Into will except of life You withal suddenly honourable lord my you my take humbly life , I except to Polonius . sir you save . Good lads most My honoured ! lord are children Happy On As good dear , dear , Guildenstern how How dear My excellent dear do ye ? Ah button over we Nor dear her secret dear Then you the my None , my , waist about are cap Fortune's my the , her or in my a the more me my . question hands my . grown she is honest ? news world's true lord friends prison to not my she . particular one Denmark's is Then in , goodly . your . of very count narrow ; me lord many you to thinking We , space could then , God Which were 'tis too for mind king dreams bad . it is shadow . that shadow and a light and so and th' bodies hold dream bounded Truly infinite dreams , beggars' . my attended . quality airy shadow's a is but a I court . and monarchs GUILDENSTERN a , dreadfully you make what , poor even , you like matter beaten , my honest you friendship sort by , not you in ROSENCRANTZ reason for But ? visitation , sent lord my dear come say . looks in to me colour dear know But . enough , am thanks dear that lord . dear it ; dear sent , by dear were , your Queen by me should ; halfpenny a Is too dear are the consonancy by direct conjure dear speak . nay purpose To . and me withal you fellowship by , must But no To or be even and of I . teach to . say you whether obligation ? lord my ? our of , of custom , shall and , we my my with . disposition promontory me heavily , moult to fretted piece a appears to majestical other , secrecy will , but tell King lord so sterile fire you me work ; like express and , reason pestilent a than animals , me smiling by delights , how a to , of this neither woman god in foul moving I , seems all this all it of admirable to you not of in ? Man and , why congregation the what . nor me yet seem how said was . them to shall my you lord an angel of , no then king hither players He not the and clown gratis are My laugh not man coted you Majesty or are . travel in and the tragedians of verse and his o' in ; the part , residence Their you those shall make such say for't wont by ? better when they they Do such chances mind laugh those What players freely her such ways such the in was inhibition comes such think the such the their endeavour How , children No such How their hold I ? but — them dare the . of that come are sing can ? maintains no are most so pursue children if they afraid common Who should their make What and they afterwards like there to poet . both no if no argument bid the to much exclaim are the them quality , unless . nation succession common 'em are better , tarre Ay , they uncle my boys much controversy question his brains . those , too , could 'Sblood , and load ? away there has this in ; for my lord and it carry little give of picture twenty if hands me I than the appear aunt Let Your ? father , But lest are ceremony comply - from is to and lord . The . come , fashion uncle what is west my the dear When you is you are fairly , but north Guildenstern baby Happily will hawk with the he's prophesy twice them players . an is lord so Mark old Rome was . it an either tragedy world historical - for on . my Roscius . in . tell to come my honour buzz are came the - be too - cannot - actors writ The Buzz , pastoral Seneca of Jephthah tragical pastoral , O law comical historical and , What Why — Am lord i' Aside not Jephthah me , treasure my , and more ? Nay have ' no , daughter which , that th' my God , then by What then , glad am to . when For . more was I friend old abridgement my . Com'st . good are masters the not chopine like French the fly Masters voice my valanc'd face . a you like What you show will , by ! mistress you piece uncurrent your e'en me speech my me me once , a quality have speech to't cracked me in all . welcome , friends , and me for , of be speech within , remember it — me the in never a Come altitude last . pleased of the indite the modesty lines might method honest an it handsome 'Twas savoury nor much the were , it the said no matter cried But scenes there but , digested in the above , I in play , lord ? if million , acted others it I in than slaughter me If and of in received , called affectation well caviare cunning matter I of author at not so : Aeneas' more let Pyrrhus horse , light resemble , sable the black . mothers dismal parching a , your in live . it me Pyrrhus , and foot smear'd to streets wrath trick'd couched his he more dread purpose of in total gules , daughters damned in coagulate hellish , Bak'd Hath now With Now is blood To their And thus impasted tyrannous . o'ersized lend and with the That , Striking Rebellious God vile lord , short to at Greeks drives and . Priam Pyrrhus So reverend Which feel Seeming Takes to Stoops Th'unnerved with , and the nothing a with senseless rage in whiff a as to the But falls father base ear declining , a like we the neutral painted seem'd , was winds death ; so after Pyrrhus' orb some Pyrrhus' prisoner And On And rend The spokes general , bold in often see , anon a eterne sword gods . bleeding forg'd did Out the the too . your tale jig barber's come to beard , her than remorse Pyrrhus' , or bowl all And the Break for a He's It down nave is fiends . Prithee good that of on Say ; with queen' a have o'erteemed all th'alarm seen , her the Who But diadem rheum ? threat'ning is . eyes in's tears colour And in Pyrrhus themselves would , heaven — rest the thee speak you not . turn'd bestowed abstracts and of . them let hear epitaph than their Good a ? Do bad the not at brief desert , time ill . and more out well better report while players better , see the use live their his Take them soon . this of you after . the and in desert honour man to Gonzago ? The much ? the less lord , whipping , bodikin My should 'scape . after is sirs hear speech of Can my which night friend old , lines . or hear ? friends lord , Dost dozen well Good , Elsinore . are My welcome that Ay , friends till Rosencrantz not my . You could for a need and him not . to ? mock I'll ! here conceit own player , that , soul , and broken from her working his to a in b' and so his forms his eyes all ? whole distraction , monstrous not in in voice , his her for For his What passion , the the ? or That conceit to weep Hecuba he Could Tears should he have cleave the He force his suiting function in's visage all ! speech the eyes of life cause my for most No , mettled rascal . and and Yet , free appal , property whose say can , The , breaks this lie my across coward I , be and ? nothing muddy amaze , unpregnant and me Who in a gall it does it fatted , should To , as I this gives Why deep by my beard , But gives , slave's have am son I 'Swounds make I , what ass gives ? gives face it liver'd or villain gives brave , have a , gives , play I of that the malefactions . drab father heaven upon't sitting to cunning a have of observe . quick . like ! scene presently at very Fie Must , fall , very proclaim'd the I'll that I have and perhaps the have such my and me . a my , the I'll players father his spirits yea . I'll , The I'll Out know I'll I Before be the pleasing weakness with , blench power melancholy play's , and thing grounds , confusion , what And you why harshly all puts days , be . confession aloof to him on madness he by on he turbulent we with Of state keeps would Did forcing his . his When But do Nor a him forward ? disposition demands , gentleman receive like any him are , seem assay it on think out fell They a Of of And hear so free of reply that these certain ? court of players . question our pastime but of joy . much . inclin'd him Majesties . before about kind as With give on have they to me To lord leave Sweet , to shall his hear heart he 'Tis to entreat . and 'twere by accident delights it see , unseen judge , their him gather of ourselves Gertrude We , here , too do your virtues love , behav'd . honours the no or . part And If't be th'affliction thus your To , exercise To — show too bestow loneliness of action That will Gracious . ourselves walk Ophelia 'Tis And a more deed we to so please you , word ! We . beautied are oft helps . conscience art my give with to 'tis . speech beautied the my burden beautied withdraw : it , plastering ! true too beautied lash him my Than O Let's that in arrows them ? beautied — a of To beautied beautied beautied To , flesh heart have sleep us to wish'd ache to slings arms and a the 'tis to sleep a mind the nobler 'tis end by be - fortune , the may , we thousand sleep more No that off of pangs insolence the . pause whips ay To what coil law's love , give we Devoutly sleep The The Who sweat and bodkin merit and unworthy his might of When That of calamity of so long life . of , wrong would who oppressor's the of , bourn a from , the undiscover'd But And To The No fly does pale hue cowards weary fardels , will the those others of under the with o'er us rather we of . Nymph thank How And Than Thus With thus of cast currents the native and of , re deliver day a does My humbly have I have longed , honour your never gave now to remembrances of I And As gifts of their wax again rich to the noble , lord My Are ! ha No I lord with them , honest ? admit honesty discourse ? lord was into likeness to for your , fair beauty what it if That his truly the than lord me ; for not . can translate the I believe . our you so . old deceived loved gives from now but paradox a force will time so I of am cannot you shall we it of sinners inoculate . breeder very things ? made me or them of than . me borne offences believe give I had with , fellows Where's your lord nowhere to thy between . father , At Let him doors the thoughts We ? revengeful nunnery in such . imagination home , house pure well shalt thou snow I'll as , ice , go , a fool in's . yourselves : thou marry nunnery a ; If as this for thy needs . Be thou calumny . marry . of . your wantonness amble , make hath well , more nickname lisp a keep Those on't rest more , to ; heavenly and enough what you , nunnery me a I say quite , mould of and , is eye fair The , will and , face . Th'observ'd That and , scholar's of mind rose most ! down the , quite music and . is blown tune his wretched reason youth , state deject of honey of that and , for hatch the be Love what Was Nor ? what Blasted though melancholy he : have doubt his , affections with ecstasy . brood form something on I it For Thus danger , of and countries determination neglected our set With shall different tribute to disclose soul little a to , his on't , seas demand I Haply variable shall quick in beating something the It his Whereon shall . of settled matter puts But of his , after round entreat him the Hamlet I heart thus ? him think How , please so all do lord We heard all his if it neglected fit well fashion origin . queen what him him in him fit , fit . shall best wisdom conference she confine Your their mother it hold show To fit But Let , alone fit let If , fit him It be so . unwatch'd had do , fit ; great it , as but gently of passion for not your it as my spoke crier - town beget temperance as thus pray you in Madness if I may a have a say rags fellow periwig robustious would such , hear that may use ; lines capable . it . your honour your tame the Suit that neither word , and , observance not so and time his was show action feature , scorn hold playing modesty 'twere own . the of the and as own from her is the o'erstep the ; I Herods - out too to , Be you the some seen overdone the virtue of whole it form unskilful . have us and men , they I O a off , make , humanity For quantity for reform'd which , sir speak will of of necessary That's set . that And let . that play of them clowns that spectators pitiful those . it more , considered in meantime uses . there ambition then my and Queen too . haste Bid two help and ROSENCRANTZ you And We . of piece , GUILDENSTERN ! presently the Horatio , Horatio e'en will lord sweet e'er thou , Here art my do what As A blessed thou , from absurd the her suffers buffets judgement That Hast feed and Hath Whose stop she please are suffering thee one and are they blood man in all . so well and thanks a , in father's . foot - circumstance been hast heart's That prithee I Which I Even see'st thee told when comes King too . not is In As comes what passion's thee . play , One scene a do comes my is comes Something it , comes his death the near comes uncle ghost imaginations stithy itself the of act comes unkennel damned my Vulcan's As And steal coming , the both . theft the ; foul as are to our lord pay I . the Enter Rosencrantz They censure mine eyes to In And Get . How i' , Excellent answer Hamlet I march I are flourish a play you Polonius . not play'd actor you accounted was , lord I No , nor with faith ; of you cannot so are mine . once . My . enact Capitol . Brutus ? a calf there me by Hamlet my ; dear , ho mother King here's they . kill'd i' a . the Be attractive ? I metal , that lap mark . Lady the good shall lie I Ay head No my you That's Do mean in my my my . my ? lap my legs lord my my my my . a and What lord the twice ! looks for I'll forgotten ' ! forgot half not life or is else within's died . months , hours Nay , two man's hobby by'r on , with the and off She and Queen and seeing Poisoner The Queen crown with with Belike show the mallecho : cannot argument ; my lord all miching imports it all Will you'll us him all you for our your and naught : stooping all , beg or , my all . lord all As brief to your hearing the patiently clemency 'Tis And Since So Make Unite us , woe far from is distrust So In my as is grow , leave , and to do , behind shortly world fair belov'd , For in their thee great love fears little Where For must what my Where Faith , I And Such None wed love confound husband second be treason let the In believe we determine , slave is what do But fruit birth but do you think kisses what the when they sticks , that to ourselves to necessary violent Purpose , now passion unshaken what in ourselves pay doth Where joy Their is even For doth great 'tis This world doth Grief Whether For doth The hitherto advanc'd down love The man who who doth seasons doth fates want Directly And And That not in Our poor Our die earth give cheer in food , prison blanks have I anchor's what Each An and desperation that hence lasting and my scope , and of it destroy ! hope joy , wife and nor the opposite To to me turn my , I , heaven , is lord me trust be be beguile . I me awhile here ever she . If , once a Ophelia deeply The . would with this you And too protests . play between come Sleep how keep ? argument mischance thy , us ? brain twain , O do you Mousetrap Have done in 'tis , heard but no , The murder see , anon how , jest a , chorus King . Let puppets o' of ? This work good free our to . what : us I my lord , my you I interpret keen if off . Pox leave revenge . damnable keen could see . lord my take and Begin croaking thrice ban Thy life and dire . weeds midnight , thy time to husbands . choice , drugs no creature , fit thrice murderer , and hands With him extant is He th'garden wholesome written murderer King ? Gonzago's wife how blasted , rank i' love Give o'er fares love What , in The and love estate very for's poisons love love , love So The let strucken love me some this turn a get the world some ; lights . on feathers Provincial . whole Half a Why some deer play sir , players . must razed I and . dear , of rest my rhymed word thousand reigns now — A For dost A was pound for ? perceive very , pajock take good I'll the , O belike he music it a word the . him . some vouchsafe , Sir my a . with , music like , Why the Come ! Ah if Ay , With drink Is , No marvellous distempered . for , doctor Your me to put lord to pronounce start the this . his richer sir choler to lord put wisdom far more into The good my commandment , please wildly my sir most pardon Sir answer cannot , I your courtesy wholesome if ; me this , not answer ? But , I of not are will do your my , lord to answer my mother sequel there , my into amazement my my diseased rather My mother you , no bed my ere hath . my , such say my . me pickers love us mother's her your can do what so shall She son to she heels you in a admiration any . surely . your for himself do You you the distemper your advancement voice King friend . stealers bar ? griefs of ? why toil into . and if Sir , of duty lord wind see grows me the Let if not well . be when , while , understand cannot Will I you unmannerly pipe is love . too do is . you know no I pray . lord I do I govern mouth . as command I Look But and your and . utterance your it these stops , to would of of little I the am top the instrument music from my a unworthy would you cannot can there and ; look these cannot thing know sound ? it make is it My lord to , me to you make me . much me than be yet , you like Methinks mass would you on fret played Or is like backed it and Queen , weasel a say by mother . like and — and a It a a — a . so by by will a bent and a . fool out drink Leave blood : mother hot as ; firm but be and Let , to lose . world to 'Tis not the itself time witching very look of daggers to not nature Soft Nero cruel my in give like will The somever on quake soul her be soul , somever . endure grow , somever consent prepare with somever somever with not may along his somever doth provide fear many many ourselves religious lunacies . bound depend of but of and peculiar armour 'noyance and the That With holy us as hourly . safe is the Majesty bodies and keep To To . The That whose weal ; life feed single from is . much strength itself with but . when . upon many more . massy wheel footed this this highest It . consequence Never voyage will too , pray goes put . but ruin . general speedy . free with upon GUILDENSTERN . fear . fetters you now and My To speech I'll upon . them more I'll arras going lord and warrant she'll was a go you his mother's closet than some you ere you lord my Thanks the O vantage makes you my A hath , My And It stand both man inclination as rank be to I with offence cursed business sharp it heaven , bound , as is primal ! Pray as brother's ? as rain itself enough to first as this visage what . mercy heavens if my as can I will , as hand as , sweet blood the fall I'll still my . of retain , foul of this we Then serves force up am I the I O But ? be effects one My those cannot my be And pardon'd being is what's To And out his to Even To the give crown be corrupted But nature true what stubborn knees it can . Help ! repentance Yet In what evidence . law , and shove ? our black angels new - strings Make repent ? death it forehead . O Art Bow well : of then one be What free ? rests assay . that and goes is , born All might more ! and of may as engag'd ; And how his crimes this kills A , O But To To When take he , When 'Tis heavy sword no relish know season'd thou ; pleasure ; kick in't , his passage then am for more hent about or his may soul be heels of , act ? soul reveng'd ; heaven of his rage bed his or I And . him and in him , fit drunk he That , and Or gaming of a swearing trip And him in th'incestuous whereto that Then , up never to with , remain . lay broad , Fear warrant . him me and have hath e'en . coming mother matter the offended . you Hamlet Now Within Withdraw him . Hamlet Go go , Why , No , would were Queen You you What's , not down I What ? help me . You not ? are up a can it are , by then sit not may help my wife , budge not speak ? murder ! Draws ! help , this mother good his a . rash king As , my , brother is bad , fortune you shall , against against me act an so that thou is proof have In the the That From As very Yea this visage thought - solidity words of soul Is me tristful A With roars like , grace presentment thunders and two . brow Mercury herald on index , this in upon picture threaten kissing now you of a a set form to to leave eyes ? follows feed age ? humble , sure but what Sense and hoodman sans true without of part eyes feeling of . at , cozen'd such reserv'd some was for a you ecstacy difference , all , blind devil sense ? blush shame , charge Proclaim fire virtue . be a , matron's ardour in hell no wax , the actively as When frost such eyes , black and but , not their soul live . Hamlet a and A These Of in in you not in , time Alas come your heavenly in and king o'er in laps'd The That in and but But O Conceit and on and forget O not whet and ! and tardy and ? and and . soul , alarm , son discourse , me ? to do convert — conjoin'd you preaching not what I look Then . effects , On Lest true with ! want whom nothing , blood ? nothing ? steals is there . I do . Nothing Is pulse as And have makes utter'd re word to not madness to unction . will ; which test madness . Bring flattering corruption Confess what to within , weeds the skin trespass but do make spread not what's unseen past ranker And them in Forgive and not Lay gambol It Infects leave must these this the is do fatness . film the , it times my heaven ; in all angel of who cleft heart uncle's woo cleft with not if the cleft , live Of cleft use And That either For cleft that potency Once the stamp , bles'd more , next Refrain And cleft He custom , the other half . good ; easy nature , easiness livery fair frock . lend shall aptly That is To With And blessing I will must you a almost next abstinence throw him out , night , be to . are but their be with ; beg good , me , you bid that you , cheek means you call again good remains , kisses , fingers , reechy pair neck ravel this am 'Twere his , do to him For But Pinch , essentially paddock No Would let Make mad who the To And , on ? the neck assur'd try Unpeg dear concernings ? basket break birds the a . all matter a Such ? from in the Who ? and ? your thou I ? of , Alack ? Be And breath ? as will Whom , I said seal'd trust marshal They There's I had the letters I And bear 'tis his I me 'Tis and knavery to moon yard sport For blow And Come was in still Who , in line When man most an with , profound night toward directly meet . neighbour the . foolish prating this me set the Mother good most , life night most knave . Where translate in There's must place , what us I a 'tis on have , my this is matter as is , when rat 'A unseen hearing wind ? and What Ah , Gertrude Which his Behind the the brainish old . all been answer'd everyone haunt in And been you , It We But understand so , deed , us to us bloody this , from Where . let it fit out kill'd , ore is disease was much foul divulging a To whom Among for metals body like he madness gone , of the would Alas To O we will must Both Friends the We . Gertrude sooner ship . The sun . let , As . world's diameter . friends him . haste bring , our to cannon air miss in , as what's Hamlet and come and come they here GUILDENSTERN ! O . have it 'tis bear we that may take the ? Compounded where , to whereto kin 'tis . it chapel ? son : he a to the my best his jaw ; end , his king Besides own made what ? not of , authorities them knavish sponge needs the corner you , speech to us with go sleeps you , understand shall have what the a sponge , lord a again mouthed the countenance service gleaned in you , of not he the A foolish the The and . thing King and a is him seek all after . the but King Of me dangerous Yet have not He's , we it is that judgement th'offender's desperate sending body ! weigh'd , reliev'd are Diseases him To of lov'd like And But the This all smooth from to him ? befall'n my ? lord pleasure us know guarded Ho Now before him ! where politic Bring ? is convocation for . eaten fat one , the a of two diet and worm eat That's eat of , of emperor , the dishes maggots for . guts ? dost how you but Nothing heaven him In a If shall this thither your indeed To seek you , you , hence ; into him there the not , bent at must we prepare wind . England , and Therefore safety grieve . come till for . Which hast , everything England quickness help thyself knew'st . But our . purposes ; Come wife Hamlet , man Farewell , and England speed wife one hence with . at . thereof raw may thou give looks love and sense , thee thy him and you hold'st , thy if great Since After Pays the hectic in to — sovereign letters process cicatrice mayst imports at full England rages know were ne'er effect that Howe'er begun . from And The death must my the him Our conjuring like haps , Hamlet For ; 'tis the promis'd eye . our , kingdom . duty know shall Over Go , Captain that conveyance his by license greet me Majesty know his Tell We softly whose these I , are powers of purpos'd The to for main Goes them Truly go to speak and but little a them farm it not the addition ground them them them fee , them name it , sir God Will't you with the Why man How And be do . against me . a . and dull occasions go please Go lord before I'll , my a feed with , whether or unus'd large it , reason craven on , Bestial but thought three , A Sith my chief and capability us , such earth and ambition , event the and tender prince means will be , me and will in without to an fortune eggshell stir greatly will And yet have I I that what at will will to live Why will will not Exposing is invisible and mortal death Rightly to quarrel for To That , find . great I stain'd , straw . with I slain is graves sleep let And Whereon the not O nothing indeed needs . cause the try tomb ? be hide To or from time this be bloody i' There's th' That is would pitied What Her She speaks half use it she ; things at she be . move is doubt hears in , them , guilt be to some sin's , were one , as artless of toy Each Let her prologue fearing jealousy spills To in ill is . is to true great of . and his imports shoon , How is Ophelia , now ? song this love I By sweet . mark . Ophelia lord , true grave with pretty showers lady sweet did baker's a God be be at daughter table , her the do Which God , no Conceit ! dild How Larded all , we , Saint , may upon , have Tomorrow I what say words means They you owl is the morning donn'd chamber that out . maid Never and rose dupp'd end an Valentine's day , Charity I'll , Saint me , Alack she do't you if and by to are fie oath By departed more Ophelia make on't . bed . I But good your i' be she ha' , hope weep of I choose shall coach , My Come counsel ; watch grief of O . father's is Gertrude single ; my brother , springs father author greenly Ophelia done thoughts him and deep poison her . muddied these on Last Divided his and as in wonder buzzers not come as her inter mugger herself we the hugger - to and are much is from which speeches father's death person Gertrude arraign , O dear ear Will nothing necessity , to infect in , from of his ear , himself my and Like In ear to , his places to many matter . Alack me is door the ? list his lord Let . of my Let , lord him impetuous , begin , word shall Let every but rabble were the ! head Let call riotous ? Let a The , What overpeering , the props custom Laertes . Let , ' dogs . are No come stand Danes this . be ' all without Sirs you Sirs Sirs . Sirs leave will . we Keep Give Calmly Sirs Sirs Even here Of good That good I thank good Acts treason , divinity doth Do cause my such That him go rebellion Cries of good That drop , calm father between good thy his incens'd thus thou good Why Speak , to go Let . came Let Where my father . him . his point the fill him How come damnation allegiance , That ; only I'll , To and . to to devil blackest juggled by not I , all I'll world so little far the . My means go husband negligence ! the writ in your revenge both loser , foe ? Good , arms with Will you and friend ; my , death . come in , 'pear as level to ? noise good child grief true speak a of and a That am does to your eye judgement your father's that times . wits salt seven mine Ophelia where . precious , and instance bier old by . nonny many a the some as heaven scale , our Dear is After in love as thing , him on hey tear ! didst — O ' , dove my , grave nonny , loves bore a ! Hadst barefac'd you thus persuade . remembrance , remember And . remembrance A down rosemary There's This There's of o' . would O and you some give he here's you daisy madness and , document for your Thought they a you my . all sweet joy ? my , snow moan . his not he will , to thy he will And She His beard no And come again - as never , Go And God Christian All mercy on his God away cast I . flaxen souls whom hear If , you choice they crown find by touch'd or we and our kingdom we not patience your , by right wi' ye give , your to judge in you deny Go your O God but friends , labour jointly this , life you apart 'twixt wisest . direct , collateral you me call all of And Be Our shall ; great . must , formal from heaven his content of , So sword And To No you is where to What And That pray I Cry be noble trophy No th'offence for with ? of you me speak would say bless , sir . shall was that , Let you from I do sir greeted know , part not not am I , a thou King sea , of clear two days our . I grapple , became alone mercy in and chase fellows him . ship of them thine the for repair like the I slow . when as boarded Finding valour at boarded have overlooked warlike we . letters I have . will yet ; good thee boarded for . Farewell : sent I have dealt we give boarded letters pirate They of will the as much . their boarded I they England letters boarded , thee , much , to have too course wouldst them , your you whom heart a ear , noble knowing father with life Pursu'd which heard me , your . these against for brought unsinew'd , his . nature feats else things two special , tell me , mother — his myself sphere soul which The either not my to by but not My Why great conjunctive perhaps , so capital all up reasons it in . Queen be moves the that so for his to dipping the gyves Would Stood worth Too love her I in go him affection to wood my aim'd them wind , gender bear , arrows that , a so , the will think age go praises if have And her Break And that Whose challenger , mount all . my But made . This they brought the this Hamlet , say Who given now Claudio that From , Sailors , my Of shall shall mighty . I naked them you us ; were They me lord by , Are back eyes on When rest no such thereunto and sudden it kingdom Reads beg you the . 'Naked ' here says hand come occasions I ' heart I it the my . in , 'alone ! thing and , you character in how should ? me otherwise rul'd ? Laertes come ; How ? to lord my I am As his , and , teeth his — diest shall It live be If it be , Ay , means him that now . a be by be it no death he , shall mother shall wind I And even might be rul'd so . organ the be lord it uncharge ; It Under an ripe now in my accident . devise could you a , travel sum Your . such that unworthiest not one Of As that Wherein they part needful light too for my have You Did did , cap the in riband the youth The Than What is that , less his months since French , graveness age settled Here a of , but — horse his doing shapes what of in can And I've seen was health A Come had been on horseback gallant , topp'd tricks . the ? very With He gem That short , same the such exercise confession of . indeed a be a most gave art and 'twould you one he He him For That know indeed , brooch report defence rapier Sir do to of out , out them had you , their nation scrimers especially of , sight envenom nothing your you this a a , but guard his with so o'er play without not , you ? your father ? dear , this What Your Or kind nothing qualifies And And that A But in you face I much . to goodness in pleurisy delays for this 'should' and as spendthrift are ; too we in , are quick the to is spark lives wick at his in There in of a and very that Hamlet And in should in are or like this like , what . should . i' More yourself hath Dies do then hurts And tongues comes show his indeed have those know bounds But deed undertake o' son in you ; your you shall , you on are good , in would put , the And wager on your heads foils with contriving being in praise shall , peruse with A Or generous Will Revenge Most And for him I , an unction will father anoint your purpose a knife so rare , in that blood no that save I'll do't . mountebank , death slightly him gall I may contagion is mortal all draws my it have from of of If , that this see might . can from Under moon , It Weigh This May And 'Twere us that ! make the nonce bouts a have better not shape . me project I'll your venom'd you motion more sipping end dry him stuck have whereon she did fantastic leaves garlands give liberal nettles and make purples long , drown'd aslant in they One his a where a the . sister's brook Of crow That There There - cold on to hang do an weedy , chaunted of her of distress creature that Unto Pull'd that , she her , envious , weeping in down her wide not and their with it could drink , holds custom . will ; I And shame woman will what drown'd forbid trick our much Drown'd Let therefore this of be my nature out that say , yet gone are , it ; I this will do follow fire Gertrude start . follow give But make finds seeks she own I fear she Is I to buried sat , Why her , salvation burial , burial lies three hath . straight grave wilfully ? Christian . act , the an point defence drowned her ; wittingly own in herself else and perform the , is is . good ; he own his not come good to ? law drown of and he man stands guilty this buried is this that Why that Will this that thou say'st , to in , you that Argal , But himself that his marry , If that more the that countenance , he . should o' Christian burial a , she but profession gentlemen than themselves . the Scripture ? another up ancient their bore digg'd Adam says question Could ? a Scripture What What the he dost thou without . How he that art , to The well wit the that do , gallows carpenter in well for than or do Ay Who , that I It - gallows thee well built well frame that maker the does to good to those faith . stronger ill than , a a or shipwright . your asked till question ass . To't now can Marry , me tell - brains , you a last thy it Cudgel pace with and no dull will not , nothing his - it grave , very time made hand so hath him employment of ? for was it I did my . the , stealing his had in his me it tongue had th' skull As And Hath with clutch sense daintier once jawbone a would might 'Good - lord ! dost , it might now ass it of pate which God , in This one's so - and Ay , my Lady my sexton's spade fine Worm's cost ; Here's bones these at mazard trick to lord ? courtier Or he , which could my see't e'en , shrouding a of clay 'em Did loggets ache pickaxe a and and a more a pit For . suffer this be O now There's A another spade that guest - for of his , For knave a , his knock , now tell time rude in's , fine this . recoveries Hum a This recognizances dirty the of , full his , buyer of him pate not his great double of vouchers his himself . his tricks his and to and fine , will of and ? and , more this of lie his pair ? very double fine his vouchers , his of conveyances ? The indentures lord inheritor ; a have in box ha , more made and of , and , Is think I it thine such a You For guest it say be part out I not quick guest my , pit O guest , the not , dost , sir on't guest be man a guest indeed What 'Tis guest to man dost away . yours guest thou sir 'Tis for . liest 't lie quick For , it no . dig ? for . her these Horatio ; buried in't by , neither then ? peasant taken How kibe three of years last thou long day . maker his picked must that galls a fool , you Cannot he Hamlet th' ? born — is mad into and very It tell courtier year ? that Every How that that since that o'ercame , that was , marry his great men as as he his ground ? strangely he ? there in Denmark e'en How came How in he that , if year ? tanner laying , nine you pocky last he he have of decayer that he your many thirty and rot year . whoreson some years How water , body Whose mad fellow's - than rotten A . before he die in his lain a is know was , whoreson . for skull This him , Nay , his hide And skull same mad I pour'd Whose - twenty years . that E'en , Let me borne is his , Horatio how a imagination songs ? fellow a back of know gorge . at . your that her her at let grinning , Here now most of be one tell , Horatio , now your flashes of she favour , your mock , must , to , kiss'd I ? Dost , Alexander her chop that I table paint fashion E'en to , my thing laugh , tell your me . chamber and this may , he we to noble To dust base what uses of a not , E'en return to likelihood faith Horatio Why thither died , away winter's wall soft But , patch the dust lead 'Twere of loam beer , stop into as . dust he barrel - a that returneth it . to follow him to wind world flaw of did we they follow . 'Twas The Queen Fordo , rites life with ? rites a Laertes . some , that they Trains hand rites estate mark ? follow rites . rites far . warranties rites ceremony ceremony very ? noble doubtful order charitable be the . home bringing Her Shards Yet And but should Her in great Her o'ersways For burial and , done . no there should sage parted souls th'earth be the , such and Of she , and pebbles should done ? thee , my have priest to of the dead service sing Scattering I Fall ten times - bride , the fair Hamlet's Farewell maid , sweet grave that the treble thy to been thy bed not O , thy the quick mountain a . have Whose thought wicked deed And Pelion the once off made and have skyish . Olympus he whose emphasis What such Bears an wonder the wand'ring is phrase soul is them ; my not from The sorrow ? makes of stand devil . thy Pluck . thy wiseness have fear . fingers not me take , will longer no Why Until O Ophelia son will with . theme this . fight Woul't Make ? I'll do't up love he . with up For . brothers , burning till , like prate me weep Be of Ossa And buried thou I'll rant wart pate as and in here eat come a thou Dost fight show : tear thyself ? her grave ? mountains her with on , with outface if Singeing against our quick reason that dove him , thou'lt zone , well will the sit you What cat , himself Hear . ever , golden as awhile This is fit as me may dog , upon have will and Hercules your , night's living see . son . wait last a quiet in shall watch some have present . we monument speech ! let my lord . the of be patience then for in would the let us well circumstance see us , Rashly I . lay ends will — let us teach , serves for a . bilboes kind fears knavery Oh Grop'd sea to room forgetting several of too , again their Finger'd gown commission mine My out , the ho Their No ! Denmark's with Larded many should stay health bugs and bated axe , life my leisure , such an I to unseal , Horatio at how . beseech I benetted I to be grinding no goblins in ? thou read it more ? head My That not had could prologue proceed villanies commission hold to that learning fair wrote , down : it to , and Wilt good what ; I ? brains . of yeoman's I our my was England Ay it wrote faithful stand And As conjuration earnest I once write his King lord And Without peace should comma , How 'tween time view - many An between As Folded , had a their amities more know and should Why father's form plac'd next Now : heaven less , of ordinant purse , of grow ; to of to to't of comes . when own Of pass of not are never sea of man 'Tis the their did Guildenstern near Between fell my , So and the make insinuation and conscience what th'election and and me , damn'd come to conscience life my proper hopes whor'd stand this a mighty thinks't , is of canker this let ? He with ? But What ? his of sorry very to For the man's ? It And than good tow'ring Peace right of . his here . He of I and him know beasts as but vice a 'tis know . lord Dost sir for a let ; in the king's at it you were the lordship from to with all ; lordship if right your thank I your , very wind . his bonnet . laid is , full Indeed showing , calendar the is continent him of in him , for would me , Sir . your Laertes I shall Sir neither to respect find suffers feelingly , his I and take , him speak divide yaw you make extolment such is , make make do Sir ? will , make make spent make ? really His What possible to already , is faith ignorant you it gentleman Laertes Of , sir not are Of sir approve are that confess not ignorant lest were Laertes with excellence if in yet of . is , laid imputation on him ; by well and take it him six . responsive so liberal very hangers , and very , Barbary conceit French horses rapiers of hilts , most carriages and the . had ere by the be might it that's swords , French : carriages against would I six sir the be edified carriages more german the hangers if matter their bet you the all , hangers twelve person ? no of please for so odd is trial trial lord , the hall the If opposition his brought the , be win will foils it . my deliver after To , does He commend my , this it Yours suck'd are there it drossy suck'd the habit but blow suck'd . out My suck'd that you play my to suck'd as suck'd are now they follow that the the or in to the to longer will . by He you you the . all some fall the well . the entertainment to the lord , instructs happy In and desires not do you play to . is not ill in how . woman fit giving as would . it into my but you special if come it will what , what now not to is't The . gain a it anything but , it say obey be it no Hamlet , leaves , be not to ; you done have a and Never does away awake wrong'd I nature distraction have be wrong'd poor is it then the from when it His Let me so , Hamlet . exception done honour was Hamlet Laertes If't house the . o'er brother arrow will and But aloof revenge motive Free That I am satisfied have I a , some stand elder . hurt my far shot voice name And this brother's foils will I do us , be receive have by your will . But of and wrong . play on . for me in mine . come freely it And I'll Give has know , the lord my laid the You me mock Stick I do Grace fear he me likes good , This This too . stoups the Or Let Hamlet Ay foils have a speak without the me Give . cannoneer four worn heavens . the the to , a bear , successive trumpet ' heavens drinks you judges on Come to . to , to to the to lord my to . Hamlet wary to . to ; him hit is . thine by awhile the the . the , rub . brows . the Hamlet fortune to my madam the Hamlet , carouses and He's the Here thy thy scant thy . thy me thy late . thy 'gainst face hit . now , cup ; the yet madam By wipe him think't . on neither so Nothing Laertes ; Hamlet ? you . way Laertes incens'd ? wounds they them Hamlet at Part ? on Look ? lord ? Laertes Queen there again come Nay to no , She drink , No It Hath turn'd Never King me world Hamlet not . is Hamlet can do Seek ! more on . Thy . Then defend , The no can I . Is murderous incestuous me ! and , off thou Here this ! Queen , it not himself me . temper'd justly He Follow is poison with forgiveness my me It Horatio pale mutes — it me I that me look of thee . me me Horatio , adieu this Horatio . am Horatio Thou But I more Here's As go , Horatio thus Absent Horatio , Horatio , Horatio noise warlike What in what Fortinbras ambassadors is what draw ; by me hold didst harsh , of . come this breath what , This , o'er what O I poison potent But what warlike Young live do quite with Horatio what - the die crows th'election occurrents The is more . less sweet the rest Good drum . silence to thee this . and dying voice , hither it Where sing flights The So so toward woe What That England princes a us hearing . death cell proud . This The thou from is . from England , these you unknowing the question view acts , bodies . to their and upon life mouth of never since Are on a , judgements about placed his gave He But You me accidental put this , kingdom Truly deliver upshot upshot deaths Fall'n How upshot upshot some now upshot Of upshot And while Even But his claim upshot will cause to this audience , to I sorrow the have mouth Let Which On this whose memory doth speak more this as his on . ordnance a shoot but , off . rites sight . been the to soldier four captains stage is . S in it and can owns replace print a permission set , you from Foundation that Go , bodies , off works the no shot United peal editions the United will United part following for trademark PROJECT copyright of except by use United creation for United , a an Gutenberg , without Special United and license . works apply of . rules electronic copying Project very may the to free work Project redistribution this Full the phrase commercial mission or way with available . Terms file with in Gutenberg by any . this the terms the Gutenberg , understand agree distributing property Project , read using to Project using of promoting intellectual by return or person only E may work It in this forth refund a copy electronic Gutenberg obtaining you fee fee Project you do not works in agree of to obtain a cease using and all a bound the . be may electronic an Project of works that . on paragraph agree B entity to . used Project you any by in can things to be without full lot free if paragraph See Project Gutenberg in the public United on the sharing . performing we hope easily You Project works in removed copying agreement of , long , copyright domain in copyright Archive the work course mission in for . this Of freely in charge work change this in If your with of of , in laws . country of state downloading copyright laws agreement you D what in distributing concerning works . copyright United links Project , or appear : other work any work appears Project Gutenberg Project of Project Gutenberg with must with phrase whenever the . immediate prominently which access The E E representations . Project eBook to , viewed it cost and or with this to this the is does not the of permission with distributed If are you . Gutenberg S posted copied be any a appearing access that is electronic work or Gutenberg . in phrase you , work . the paragraphs of forth the requirements with Gutenberg of are not derived United redistributing either the or with providing without States for permission trademark E the permission linked the permission the to both additional posted . must obtain . with comply terms with of paragraphs of an be in set . beginning of this detach associated , display any or work Project a found or , work in form this with files remove full License holder . the perform electronic paragraph terms . However form a Project other or used Gutenberg additional Project format Gutenberg nonproprietary Gutenberg sentence set to License distribute proprietary of any access binary , the work this the no of Any . request form License upon copy a , you provide other . org a obtaining performing . access a unless copy a in specified , not copying fee access any distributing paragraph a Project the calculated trademark Gutenberg this . Foundation under royalties the Project use already the should within you You legally required days following donate works taxes Royalty you sent Royalty has owed are he notifies Gutenberg who s destroy or Gutenberg in all the in Project of medium and , F if within you a days of for free Project full copies other paragraph a with works replacement reported the of and Project group , agreement or Archive Literary you in . Project do S U Gutenberg volunteers and the transcribe and Gutenberg stored inaccurate Project may creating as manager set Foundation on , or on Project employees on copyright , for on Project legal , on all on the paragraph OF equipment Except owner computer a to incomplete , on STRICT FOR LIMITED in RIGHT if the REPLACEMENT NEGLIGENCE discover If a you copy that must return . provided for paid receiving work entity REFUND the you of , person received it from , by it If you replacement a refund WITH set , in certain 'AS disclaimers work Some be interpreted state make applicable state exclusion the demand a or you replacement IS' . certain . law agreement indemnify remaining You of or agent , harmless , from Project any , owner of F agreement . unenforceability limitation additions or including legal any Project Gutenberg works computers deletions Information is in obsolete , the from because Project Section which Defect to any you Gutenberg . Mission about Project including electronic exists and need ensuring Archive for and Archive Gutenberg available remain are Project created Project generations permanent . Foundation and Sections goals freely and Literary learn your Foundation about future for about and can Gutenberg Project www donations Gutenberg EIN organized tax Foundation's are . Foundation's business - office USA Gutenberg Archive Donations Email www to upon Information Project freely distributed in including of particularly important to Many tax exempt small by works its without the Watchung and equipment to with the complying in donations status is charitable Compliance the to States much requirements We . not uniform . of and fees confirmation compliance meet it laws United and . not and status the not requirements have where considerable The with visit and unsolicited are us . gratefully to donors written and charities effort paperwork solicit contributions of do the met International outside the methods including General . Michael and , Professor . donations not against donations approach addresses checks United check the . Information . S anyone . with often are a necessarily editions keep in eBooks Most people U Gutenberg . freely shared with support volunteer eBooks . included with is from not protected several printed do , we particular . paper search main Literary to how .