Who's Stand Nay me live Long ! yourself . Francisco bitter . heart . bed to 'Tis . them ! ho ground this to . is Who and Not do The If rivals Well , watch of bid , honest . soldier you night what is , Holla , of , Marcellus good . Welcome . place . nothing but belief , this him seen hold appear'd , appear not of 'tis not dreaded I have fantasy have says will this Horatio Touching us That if our fortified Well us What , Barnardo sit we have speak night us nights down our , this , heaven . figure break now And that , from of again that's myself dead Marcellus thee , In the a like the It What and buried Denmark By that thou It Did charge warlike time Question , fair majesty with Together In sometimes , Stay ! that usurp'st 'Tis , Is now How not , thee away is offended . gone this , the he Norway : King th'ambitious to armour in on Polacks With the he smote He twice stalk the some and cast for cannon the of me of , mart such the strict toils impress subject and , of implements Sunday - labourer inform me the ? day appear'd Our last , pride to so can ; I goes the shipwrights divide might What Does the joint toward be that , with King , him , life Hamlet esteem'd our which known life his law , all life a , King of ; seiz'd been And fell life in life life Of Shark'd to life That it a food Hath source Of Comes was A That through the fell of Rome mind's sheeted the the that Roman eye , e'en no that is it most high and gibber the tenantless that ; doomsday Neptune's empire moist star that , on the to that the almost harbingers sick like And that Disasters Upon in with stars squeak whose sun If privy thou may If cross , But it I'll For which , they O art happily thee do ease Speak , uphoarded hast If , Which Extorted it it , thy , in earth oft of , partisan ? majestical so , blows the show air , Upon god We offer is it the malicious cock . invulnerable crew morn guilty have trumpet the summons a And fearful that cock sea To And in of or and And . And 'gainst birth that the made Saviour's dawning , singeth stir charm And in time strike And . eastward advice And . it abroad . And believe gracious so and is power no spirit dare then ; mantle clad hill high russet and by , him morning conveniently , we shall loves I shall , Voltemand Lords and that it our and be our memory Though pray needful we our , one fought kingdom , defeated this of think on , him . state warlike a one which that affair law out our all . by state Or a With Now Holding thinking weak our us lands of : message death brother's , bonds all with , the fail'd not be to disjoint for Now You Thus We doubt it reason beg What speak shall That the you with Farewell lose The , that not voice of : news , thy asking Laertes ? father to , Denmark to thy thou offer not Laertes , coronation duty bend gracious again , petition and my me my ? from that duty France France to Polonius . leave ? slow . on off Denmark my Hamlet , and less than . colour a nighted cast for noble lives . die . lids must is . it seems Why not my is particular ; inky the fruitful of moods shows man . denote with the , Nor windy are all These must condolement is most . unfortified sorrow , these To give know lost , filial do obstinate stubbornness In father From so , woe throw cried who and till We pray you and to let nobility our the father world love son intent : died that he corse first be father with going is retrograde to in . bears of our take note not Why shall gentle and heart ; and in health my Denmark today , Wittenberg , dew a ! Hamlet grace shall O not O ! away solid too How That Seem weary 'gainst canon Fie His O that , too had slaughter - to — a satyr to Hyperion ; That . so loving to my of had would Heaven roughly excellent a might Must By me Visit That fed it So But Let king too increase on Frailty and of she . month my uncle even father's poor wants married with of reason month hang — is a within thy she — followed those she A Would have A all , mourn'd Like Niobe break But am , or I you : my good . post ! lordship see myself , well do my : ever forget A what to see faith I glad you disposition hear your that are you ear enemy say your in of drink see father's to came my hard . tables follow'd me it , me mock lord furnish had I , foe heaven meats me . me king goodly me eye mind's my Where ; saw him — met me coldly My father Would I methinks Or Did I , my lord ? Horatio he take once man not a of to ear marvel deliver ! he father , march . him secrecy dreadful , to speak to impart and oppress'd and his Stand Almost jelly with third length by ; the each word deliver'd not - like with surprised , fear eyes solemn - pie walk'd they of did both your we where ? But My I to did ? methought loud shrunk it the , and did . it none none our duty none none none my tonight this of know it did none , Arm'd , watch you MARCELLUS my lord ? face his my in A fix'd upon eyes very , or red . you been . constantly had much very haste one It have , I there . MARCELLUS , no in it tonight walk . seen . will life Perchance A I , hell pray . well , to duty , your visit else tenable And And If it whatsoever an it Give will doubt Though , convoy And My are me do not , hear sister necessaries My For embark'd doubt youth the , the not Forward Hold it a fashion The toy primy more of a sweet minute alone as not . and For In Grows The weigh'd for for as his will ; nor this ? so the Perhaps ; loves doth you but subject this choice state , do depends ; believe you it of he act loss may his particular his your head ; Whereof Unto . loves wisdom must choice yielding if which to he further affection . open songs or , shot chariest infants calumnious to beauty not the canker itself morn blastments before in fear you keep And Contagious itself , good But ungracious of th'effect heart Be Virtue If in the their and are shall to wary best then And to like stay Whilst me , not , dalliance own fear his But a shoulder Laertes Be Look you Yet double in sits stay'd these any Grapple But them thou unto familiar thou hast new entrance that th'opposed thine a - Of Take each man , but but unfledg'd palm no thoughts thy tongue . adoption , unproportion'd and their with memory means entertainment comrade with ; beware Beware , day be ; man the . friend be ; in any true my go , time you , have I be blessing this to the season to : must it my , lord servants your take What Farewell Ophelia my said and invites ; Farewell keep shall , the touching something , you he said Lord please What So in so way , audience — you most as been caution daughter and your truth think circumstance as lord ta'en I'll know , teach tenders yourself more yourself ? many . fool poor dearly ; should my , for love me ; go . a the me , his the to holy it wind of importun'd you'll , fashion may countenance all blood vows your this a to entreatments for promise take at . he he young Hamlet Ophelia , soul the prodigal as something Be Lends their light to catch , how daughter both forth , this , Lord leisure time : show few may brokers , the ; it . shrewdly . come with , I air The heard and it Indeed and ? and and and kettle he I think and The The and ? to ; rouse lord my mean takes of thus , down his the wake doth drum it , traduc'd the marry a triumph it manner headed revel though drains - to honour'd us achievements our From The And Makes This heavy - breach I am native west observance custom ; takes it ; vicious oft pith and chances marrow mole in particular they origin not guilty them , as undergo of one — evil fault particular in that To my all , be man censure The ! health Angels Be thy airs Be com'st That Bring will Thou spirit of or a Dane O , tell answer shape , hell from goblin intents speak King To thou dead shake we fools What ? To it to some did with if is hideous to the our steel do we this you do But with you what It Look to beckons alone impartment go it will speak No you then then I That then other dreadful tempt It What it me you assume deprive sovereignty the then there beetles to a set , Why do for then then if forth . the into Think of , sea brain it . toys waves , It Go . to roar I'll my cries not shall artery makes am , I'll Still , And As call'd Go desperate away hardy say I after the in Heaven will what state not waxes on ghost a I'll follow thee with ! Let's Have Something wilt thou me hour to Pity , I I , So I Would a secrets unfold ; thy could I thy Make Thy And stars freeze stand not list . end to the . But quills this ever blazon fretful List God O didst and of If To thou blood particular combined eternal ! his , is . I foul father dear list thy revenge to I me But , this meditation As duller not stir That A out by noble youth swift love with , find given And Wouldst 'Tis serpent sting crown prophetic wears his soul . power gifts beast death , gifts , that the , shape angel will decline vow dignity ; natural as it with even whose , me That To So O So to seduce , in marriage the , in in were gifts in itself sate in , But lust in Holds That in And thin The natural in and vigour All was in life gates with curd Most And a , a instant , off reckoning all hast Let With No horrible even in O thee and that her bosom well , me . be fire earth thee ? seat , thee a , there shall my pernicious . volume observation all , ghost , up host couple you But , I all O All smile am sure adieu there are , 'Adieu is , I uncle , My O , villain Unmix'd Meet and I , smile smiling it tables . My lord , sworn't MARCELLUS . and . lord , lord ! tell bird ! come my , ho , Come boy ! lord noble , O an villain How say you then I be and you'll There's no ghost ne'er right , I Why And needs Denmark from . To ; that hath desire shake circumstance the point you are and own desire pray , heartily words , heartily offend . poor . wild hold it , business for go lord , lord . my , my I'll whirling , my no , you Yes by And , There's sorry an Saint Yes is make O'ermaster't much honest ghost . but know , friends , Give you as to is't What may desire For are my poor , and We me HORATIO , my my have swear't , already . there cellarage the . you . thou in truepenny , have lord my shift . work sword that , hither ? to speak Swear upon gentlemen my sword heard wondrous is but remove . more this Horatio , welcome , strange friends . come , and heaven a of odd perchance such thus , me : most out your Swear Swear . this need to and this or , or at , phrase - never , could 'There — spirit commend me to to us . spite right cursed pray is in together together . inquiry intend behaviour to Reynaldo , keep , sir , you they more you come , demands son drift expense ; and Look it . do Than That , this know particular some know — him' 'I , you father distant , and you ; there he's lord this mark friends , you may my his very , mean ' please so he but take heed marry , known usual so , lord my gaming But may dishonour such noted . most and charge him mind , so quaintly of on in season would You . Faith , as you put savageness But general in seem may That flash lord . assault unreclaimed — my Wherefore my Marry thing Mark , him would on fetch sullies i' th' you a slight is , sir , know here's it lord my of prenominate sound consequence addition 'gentleman' , or ; leave I did ' — marry the , you or and perchance of sale' , now — truth as , 'gentleman consequence' , so At At 'friend in yesterday at , 'I or carp bias and directions have You , I . and with out advice have you not , yourself lord in , ply , music inclination Observe , you you well , his How Alas , my With , so matter his lord . now what lord Ungart'red hat My No , his as Hamlet upon , with gyved knees loosed before of hell , other truly but hard me all held , of my thus length the know do lord wrist ? o'er a rais'd He And thrice his other He As And At he draw by me said hand of mine down , brow his his face ; so up shaking little so Long of stay'd . piteous waving sigh he his — last end He What , my with I their bended go desperate hard . letters to him , did denied words and he age opinions younger our beshrew . is beyond Come discretion As And This lack must be known To It meant , To , More grief cast ourselves the King , and long you call , have did Rosencrantz did dear we , sending we that The And , since so dream from father's So so little That neighbour'd much being More To So Whether as him of you . I that it himself you him him put , with entreat brought youth to occasion vouchsafe draw much from occasion unknown occasion , gather companies , occasion occasion , not good and it there are occasion . will of living please awhile more into have occasion you . command , here up be and freely My Heavens much too And And I hast still I , make , helpful and Pleasant my return'd , soul liege mine have lunacy ; to long I th'ambassadors to to that Hamlet's of cause us'd of O grace . of bring that fruit be first sweet all of main distemper my source , Give shall and it is of your but other no , Well of we him . of friends our hath he queen son's of my what doubt I death father's His Voltemand Most fair Upon That Was Say On Fortinbras ; rebuke old To give It To against falsely hand sends griev'd found ; the 'gainst he , truly pass you of this , against Norway which th'assay commission before herein further to set for dominions regards are please soldiers allowance and down employ in crowns as , read business time us at night your upon home is be well duty time . together well welcome , to your to , and business : and is what , night should waste to majesty My liege madam , is . 'tis he let is , it him I will foolish use I to be with nothing matter no : out 'tis And figure else to for let pity grant but go less of . of this defect . true now remains 'tis this , vile Ophelia surmise and , is . mark , and this an Good Doubt Doubt Doubt phrase I Thine most dear thee love I , lady . ear by his whilst I . move doth be I love , believe to Adieu reckon place machine , to art not best , and solicitings , dumb sight , book of a seen this so , had my fain As had I When I I Before dear my If Or might look'd upon this your queen or mute did prince lock messengers — a receive of tokens resort . declension this , raves for this wherein , herself thence and now , watch sadness lightness the Do It there Hath Thence to a Into And wail . think such you very . that ' . hours hid . Here in the Within indeed lobby four to my and time loose an . her . carters and try it . me But So he If a he love fall'n not . reading leave you both Lord - God mercy me . my - a presently , my , I you know Do Excellent Well well Honest . a . is my lord . kissing picked man you You Not so ten That's , as of world lord were , my would this very in walk if For , to be her i' may conceive a have I you carrion , maggots say . this . How me not you at I'll , matter , my . Between first by . in to Words the ; truly my gone . is the words . a have honesty . you have it yet out this Will wrinkled should be madness I , of go wrinkled . hold wrinkled . Aside you potently , replies wrinkled are that be are wrinkled eyes plentiful to sir wrinkled of powerfully down wrinkled — Aside hits pregnant , the lord sanity contrive so my my is . air the . on will daughter him leave my life except the could ! Indeed is A not happiness that meeting humbly . be . you Hamlet the honoured sir ! dear most thou Guildenstern ye , both Ah . Rosencrantz Good lads indifferent over very ? the do ; happy - her . we privates her Faith you Then the my lord O . button my the in a Let me strumpet my at . true friends the grown is good you my prison , is ? of my she ? question my lord to not . one deserved world's more hands . my ? prison world many o' dungeons , and the wards . is To for so lord worst th' good or bad king mind your for a nothing is me too it count dreams the a myself my that it substance . of quality heroes is I fay servants for Elsinore at you most rest monarchs and light For ? to so shadow . GUILDENSTERN make dreadfully of . no ; it halfpenny . Were ? come ; nay I But ; in a other occasion . for my your and . What inclining own am my your me thanks even friends ? that Is it lord modesties You looks . colour enough to teach , charge fellowship ever , with Come , the should in I know we say were which conjure what with you ? have of were you better a dear . What . say no you off of you sent were you My why , and me love for I an you prevent anticipation your custom of how reason ; in , it action the admirable , this fire have discovery feather , with me my the indeed earth , goes not know ; so shall Queen lost King majestical to is , stuff in no , laugh though dust angel , a of , seems the , pestilent noble golden in thoughts when I delights , to , me you of , in paragon and What in , My you then if , smiling did my shall hither adventurous make the shall ; lord was offer coted delight not you from to you they coming . shall use whose , shall humorous whose or they in . whose late means better was profit they Even clown shall of whose that plays man lungs delight — are whose laugh freely players followed by ? whose in innovation . whose reputation and in both of ? the was the city , fashion escoted they thither do players sing — their own their common to them are These cry ; that . the endeavour so quills than against better and question there to like most berattle so pursue if they ? no should they quality longer maintains 'em ? How Will ? them and a player to them for has been tarre it Gentlemen are welcome of garb appurtenance this uncle appear the players There more ducats him while apiece my in out . Your which hands , Let me comply with you - mother deceived must tell You . I you you you you . is it . You you so . an was lord you Rome actor — you Roscius When 'twas . I news in tragical , history individable hadst men light the are what of judge the historical cannot Seneca O unlimited pastoral in - of tragical The The I me 'One Aside . my on th' well follows Jephthah Am my , not old , love I was Jephthah I that , God know lord look where . more glad . fly a lord ladyship falconers give ring your voice of you ladyship like young than heaven ? us ladyship I ladyship Pray nearer , ladyship when Masters at anything ladyship speech French within the . acted , never , received of with in phrase see Dido than to whose with , fine an handsome Priam's slaughter , the the ominous black : it , your in in thereabout and . me did it in couched and . to let me Pyrrhus resemble , streets damned you , well lord 'Fore God Takes Stoops prisoner Which Of , at to this his silence as Priam , was reverend in rend Doth And The hush as region less On With As as painted i' seem'd a a we often Did neutral winds did the the vengeance strumpet , away her her of , heaven power proof than Priam Cyclops' Fortune take and the long your come on or jig Hecuba say — or bawdry tale too a to beard as to too from hill is , barber's This too . he head good threat'ning clout too A and late barefoot That's With bisson the too in rheum About Run too caught then steep'd — loins , up all o'erteemed of see sword th'alarm blanket up down . stood , all — sport her in pronounc'd , tongue treason malicious limbs tears in's of hear soon . Good . let their heaven of , more bestowed well players Would The instant burst have not you his out were better turn'd they My your , used you I'll this . a after , well well while . them better you use to every own honour after and desert , and their The his sirs . old , You tomorrow , lines dozen Dost We'll ha't Ay well lord sixteen Ay , look ? Guildenstern good lord for , some alone I not him , My . so in That her eyes , b' slave all whole his his ? And all function distraction so , and ye this a soul , conceit Hecuba in's conceit , Hecuba do ; tears would What the cue with , passion of visage and to forms A With or her the weep motive appal and , guilty He drown and amaze speech . general would the ? for cause a , unpregnant and the passion peak coward dear not faculties the , ears No . property villain breaks my I ? th' face a for king ? i' this my the Who liver'd - to as I by off defeat was and the I oppression . pigeon make With me Plucks calls damn'd Upon whose To should offal all lecherous bawdy villain ! take should , 'Swounds , bitter region ere : it vengeance am , what That I , to fall A brain upon't like ass I ! This heaven have play ! heart my a very , I murder'd , Oh a a ! to proclaim'd I have miraculous With Have guilty , so , I Play Before mine I like by scullion - whore by unpack my creatures though I uncle the . murder For May my the have be tent That have They something . the the cunning have the it have have have have grounds the the . such play's have thing , spirits melancholy and perhaps have , on puts harshly from conscience damn is he As With Grating And his dangerous feels no by himself by to keeps no means . he does turbulent confess will all he But Nor do Get can him so He with what and well confession aloof some sounded crafty him find we When with of hear And - And o'er play play all my gentlemen , him it the see to true ; matter play so doth . edge delights . play play much play With play Good And give us , here , content , seeing , sent leave for accident Hamlet too lawful encounter by That be gather so That he father Her , Sweet th'affliction him of may Will closely hither myself Ophelia by ourselves behav'd wish cause , virtues , this colour . oft that , we of — prov'd action Your . such here are an To . honours . my ! art plastering with I , Madam pious that the my my Is smart much show ourselves walk , And . cheek more is I hear him to , be coming O deed 'tis O , ugly Or to slings or Let's . not and arms And No That Devoutly perchance to . that sleep in be shuffled off . of is ache and end opposing dream sleep The , To ; more heart Must wrong insolence merit office love the calamity of , the law's spurns death whose , weary after of undiscover'd No When bodkin and the traveller With The The The For who But rather country puzzles those know not of , all hue of turn native currents the Soft of of that and us moment orisons , resolution their in . great pale pith ills the something bear And sicklied With How I Be And My pray have I not , My lord you re yours right well this my your , I for many - well , well remembrances of . sweet their prove honest ha honour'd with the poor my Are you ? aught you rich ; lost ? lord breath compos'd for ; again made As What my means your your . your fair , That if it Ay lordship sometime you but can transform honesty commerce of once the now , did believe loved . I . deceived cannot me believed , to for beauty what into have we stock You should lord my I of I ; mother , them put thoughts nunnery were honest . the more could a made you for ; that in them ? it doors your to to not I be thou to I am than very me such to . heavens this , shalt to thou for needs thy may you to not calumny . plague what snow thee to Farewell . house , home lord Let in's help as him own upon be shut sweet thou monsters if make Farewell well enough well go heavenly too You married a , me are To . you given wantonness your hath that , keep , powers quickly nunnery , heard , and to no another Those on't creatures are nunnery , of the , deject tongue fashion and what the more no a more shall scholar's fair form down vows and blown his of and feature , have form seen ecstasy I unmatch'd jangled sweet That Like Blasted O woe There's the doubt I And not which quick determination speed for in down the Will Thus Haply For Love some This Whereon shall himself brains settled matter our in shall prevent to to tribute with shall : have danger he I of neglected well The from hold if not you love commencement . origin . How of do puts What you I the do what his grief ? please play him , you please so , plac'd be Let queen , she think find the him round be alone after Hamlet tell all it You Sprung . it us My fit now , as Lord need mother If where . so be unwatch'd shall England show To tongue the a , the beget hand town , speech you . all , may , temperance , hear rags , robustious to capable split to soul noise the most would , I mouth lines whirlwind - Nor do for O , your - the of nothing own not the word your of - your fellow such Herods not Be Suit , action tame that was - and is of honour . whose - o'erstep you from to so - to part I out have but the the , be highly — bellowed gait made not that I and , strutted of and of make others having , journeymen man others of it though time virtue tardy off and , now show body of is her , theatre that — well neither of some thought it we have , nor Nature's , down . And . to meantime villainous , necessary some them some uses now fool the though considered the that . those For and . Go that play be barren of question shows ? of presently to and two help , GUILDENSTERN hasten make haste that piece lord , hear the the Queen the . lord withal thou , lord e'er Horatio , as , from poor be , suffers distinguish For that and thou her her thou hear ? knee the thy flatter absurd thee ? thee clothe , Since Hath one That sound man blood what passion's As my Whose in dear soul was , Fortune's not she slave Something tonight comes of core is heart's are blessed co - mingled are foul as my the a do have thou my act his that occulted thy one we have that . stithy itself a is As For And In he They Vulcan's steal the to detecting 'scape play . be idle . Ophelia . lord my is must . Polonius Queen ? Hamlet others so . mine the capons feed I good actor . Capitol ? To , play'd . once ; these , I I part calf your patience . Be i' and . capital ? attractive lap that ! shall lord mark lie , they metal more upon sit me upon ? Hamlet in . here's , I my , my your lap ? lord lord lie to , thought nothing think a You merry Who fair That's Nothing , my lord do but lord months . twice , man's must memory die , great O long hope lady by'r sables , two devil , man , and should how you , Nay build , horse lovingly of , her upon churches months outlive then whose show , is - hobby declines , crown him and is there's , on a is heavens he hobby horse a She is Enter , and his and is , her is off asleep , with The head kisses returns is Marry this this this : all ? counsel play . means . it keep you : what it mark the to means I'll , patiently for . him show you'll shame , are show they to tell Be your Is You , any naught For Here As woman's my the lord . this beg stooping And the love Unite Full About Since world salt wash and Neptune's us from is again thirty moons have dozen with many Make commutual our , woe count me , Yet , my love little must I is operant leave grow , aught love holds quantity , know must former your sick distrust , For husband rest . as to and too behind breast my treason me who accurst thou , wormwood be let the but instances . Aside shalt haply — fair this and one world . me think do what do I is birth slave Purpose second of second husband love move . bed none second kill respects passion ourselves in doth themselves purpose passion grief slender most destroy or doth accident . our , for left ; grieves revels fortune love Whether a , us on , ourselves fruit when that , fall pay mark you makes not joy enactures of what to The man needs And The most either lament . strange ; friend to , thou when are second first husband none I , run our of lord is wed . own . begun never on shall wills Our For who in Directly But are ours our think thy earth repose lock turn Sport fates end him seasons That So Our nor so do devices from trust of . ever leave should Ophelia fain I here . wife it and strife be me the have I lasting it now . destroy break ? too . methinks , The O thy between brain twain . no ? her in play is wife o' : of Baptista the Let not a that my . the see puppets the the the the to worse and the . you the to lord , take off murderer , leave fit bellow , you are between interpret keen would It Thoughts With life magic else season , Confederate hands , for's ; creature drugs Begin the Still your begin black . Come and Hecate's Thy midnight no , thrice story how Away . with light o'er me , with with with . weep sleep rest with . the while forest with of , on if the razed ? with my ungalled Damon roses ungalled of , was I , know This thou ungalled pajock and O now — dismantled ungalled have rhymed . ungalled players two of ungalled , share a the Very the talk of ? a You take ghost's my . music some , king well him note likes Come the some he , me lord Good , vouchsafe if For ! ha Why then King whole of . to plunge ? the not spirit of affliction great , into more his choler would this . more to him far purgation frame . me so . you . You mother in , your Make make a , more Therefore Then , my . say , such mother — sequel no and mother a heels What wit's but : speak the so times ten were , trade ? love go is ere you Have to there mother do still is liberty if . advancement once you have I the you you once with us what And own once lord so me . once and King of lack once stealers the your in . as bold too once my duty play is this me you why a pipe unmannerly ? with To proverb drive you withdraw — me but . recover sir Ay the to the , O lord understand Believe no your with it will stops I ventages govern as breath : finger and the are and have the would the of am I in think not discourse . make voice do , the you me upon play sir , camel . presently shape you of a ? indeed weasel camel a like cloud Methinks It mass the is a . it , that's Queen Do My lord see yonder and 'tis backed weasel will fool me to . time the By I come by now When I will soul speak tongue them my in somever her daggers , me be Let quake And to look on such of lose not Nero in . your he commission will nor Therefore England and seals never words How To not his let To I like I Hazard With single feed and live keep all The the of lives alone with summit which groan Never upon - this footed GUILDENSTERN free with . wheel , massy lesser . adjoin'd ; consequence speedy fear , closet . this , home his us myself , said , mother mother's . was him my liege a ; heaven — not to well bed . know go will bound begin first curse sharp my defeats primal rank dear speech tell you lord eldest as I as , upon't as business can be ! as : heavens serves Whereto twofold my as Forgive ? since But past be as ere prayer in we I'll Then ? as I did ambition I forestalled being is down O am form . turn my crown My Of those May In 'tis oft shuffling , wicked not prize there shove the But 'tis . law nature to his is teeth no the in it , when What , seen currents , of so justice itself world , ourselves of forehead and And one pardon'd hand by . bosom What then our ? of free ; heaven ? hire , And son this took O father reveng'd he he would be hire scann'd heaven praying hire No , hire act : of his in bed rage horrid his his about hire at hire ? for thou no him And As Then that physic The My , This hell swearing , drunk relish may goes prolongs but He will Look . pranks hath Grace have straight him too you me round be you stood . between to . heaven remain him , bear below thoughts with . and screen'd I'll Mother warrant heat Hamlet , father idle with have , him matter . Come Go , my much with an the you Have , Hamlet . mother that . not so . tongue . so budge . so not a wife speak so the not part wilt Thou do Behind till so You then not see down those I'll not so I inmost you help ho ! so you shall me . of sit and , You Where so . What may Dead now How I me O , know not Ay , lady Thou I let If custom of heart your be wring hands better . my , word intruding . fool fortune — danger , I sit some dar'st wag thy tongue down , me ? sense so it . of , off modesty rose deed the blush , act takes , vows love innocent such , an of blister soul , body . there dicers' the from , as As and and A A like and and and This And and Could and The You this brother , did combination station every the lighted Blasting batten this call this to it apoplex'd hey Here is his you was ; Sense sure what , your feed you Have wholesome love the day motion cannot fair from Is Nor But some of O or but motion not Could That Eyes hands a mope Or so motion motion To flaming canst own be Proclaim motion , shame , motion bones is true thy blush ? soul , more tinct . burn doth gives panders reason , black to an , In As in And frost Since Thou will me Stew'd shelf ! diadem kings patches it the . and vice and . Save You . That . forget time come What mad would me he's with your wings by ? he's , lets visitation mother he's . he's soul works strongest her amazement , look but , important The Do he's in O he's That you the your at Your Start And , Forth And His , My make on up the hairs want stern true ? this there you you do whom Do that nothing ; yet speak is ? all all To Nothing look Why This in creation ecstasy . coinage very Is This bodiless is the cunning the is - Would And That I have from that flattering Mother utter'd as as healthful will re . your keep , madness test not which your , madness ulcerous to the this these pardon to of itself in do Whilst It gambol but Infects And To your what's make Repent cleft them ranker the fatness . cleft Hamlet thou live cleft hast throw cleft O cleft To use is cleft He to monster habits Good night . virtue custom evil That either I repent punish I will I I'll And ; For to this bestow gave , more Not Let , this the wanton let Pinch Or Make mad who Would But Such from dear , basket of hide Let the To Be And breath And try hast , 'Tis I will my have I , the down of breath life said , had letters seal'd trust the And I so know me . that Let have adders two : as , it concluded England you — on schoolfellows , sweep fang'd way go enginer the 't , 'tis meet me two the 'tis the to mandate bear marshal set blow When set with Hoist at delve one . O secret , end set grave set most this prating with . set profound heaves set . sighs There's in this Ah sighs sighs Mad sighs out sighs , What as Which sighs , good the hearing hearing cries . rat something arras the hearing brainish good O full to of ! heavy hearing us , had us , hearing . kills , stir hearing threats to . hearing haunt there all everyone providence ? done what like , madness for of the metals the To mad To whom a . He weeps , he gone vile touch ore , kill'd hath he some sooner O pure him with must we Go Into chapel . we'll wisest this do slander haply so , aid ! pray dragg'd , hath join madness mother's , the pray My Transports And And pray pray pray pray come dismay away is poison'd as the air of discord stowed GUILDENSTERN here the whereto with it us What have you Tell of I can a what counsel such : you I understand , he in and sponge needs corner the King's a be sponge countenance of , not you my is King thing but . where a is , of the not speech , the thing , seek I How sent it me him and all and that we He's their , and is even weigh'd strong distracted law multitude their eyes bear away at Or desperate , lord . pleasure , At Bring in my . is eaten for emperor certain only ourselves A of maggots dishes convocation — a end for diet ? but is us to to Alas mean dost What with . we your , and progress a guts of through not the stairs him not him there ? shall place you . Go you some Hamlet For see . him lobby nose this , we is bark fiery ready tend which He , done , For England . For England ? Hamlet . knew'st if , it cherub a . mother My see Delay Away ; foot Tempt th'affair on . make haste my him and Father That my As great may looks thy Follow flesh leans Since the , which to . Hamlet Do that thou hold'st he 'tis done , rages England know , begun my Till . aught rendezvous eye joys . me Tell , Go We Craves him . that that let express kingdom the them The Poland , frontier Poland ? I sir pray ? part for Or against some , the old Norway and hath We To five That pay ranker Nor Why Goes ducats it Yes it Polack already question of will defend of patch with but five , go to Truly Will Two then This Why Will't you with . breaks the , That debate of humbly you go , God man inward he before made That that to but Sure Be Looking his a man more time discourse is What . inform my occasions How I'll and and coward say will army Led and Sith And thought Of Bestial or , oblivion fust and with reason and godlike Now scruple one do to , me not know and do and , puff'd unsure danger dare and and and invisible such and is , with mass earth , live three ever yet To I cause . this Examples , have do't gross delicate Whose And That to the The for That Even Is have When honour's let sleep all imminent of a at a Excitements their Which My thoughts the numbers and try the and nothing this like beds , fight her speak is She That Spurns at th' but carry I speaks straws world the to sure think yet and , her hearers unshaped of it doth and aim , nods Though Indeed as There's tricks enviously And The in - with much might their is things they Her use words , come . may she for unhappily fit up Denmark Ophelia prologue , her sick toy How is the From How his should hat ? staff love know , imports sandal what your ? lady ? lord my here shroud Nay his At his At his Alas true all to with , How but what you in the Valentine's your betime : they when ask what on't ! tumbled to they for Charity , that more , Pretty la Let in Never departed and are , Ophelia an without , Young How so , night , ladies , My good sweet ; your th' good brother cannot . watch good for must come thus patient to But I ? be , shall night good it spies violent muddied thoughts and but greenly . Ophelia done have him . Poor beasts ; Gertrude . I deep of they First ; the in and inter . whispers , not most come and . remove unwholesome death we as wonder of ear death . nothing Will arraign . Gertrude my our his , clouds himself secret pictures and judgement mugger , wants pestilent necessity speeches on which brother Her Feeds are , to ear death is Let ? infect ? guard them this . dear matter . in places superfluous , lord head riotous now not every cry And Antiquity offices the , and be , tongues and ratifiers The , Eats The ocean not your They Caps The doors counter shall How ? king let's you , broke are Sirs . stand No will my me the . O father good the vile — giant hedge a fear , Laertes would it , Gertrude , Laertes not such go of his . Tell like mother to Of is treason incens'd will to what peep . doth my Dead doth art him thus doth That doth but doth not Let doth I Conscience To That How hell Let , comes for all you husband They Who shall I'll , not stay my ; And you sweepstake death your rendering I'll with them dear That Of father's Will know ? death , for your day as level of and child grief judgement . her to to eye 'pear gentleman . brains virtue Tears be O young madness beam paid mine rose by now my sense turn thy maid Dear heavens And on his grave nonny , tear , revenge , persuade , master's , that down stole thus my many a nonny well you , and , his . And remember . would . died , for nothing's remembrance it columbines fitted remembrance of daisy father . herb a my good Sundays I . O you here's made he . not not , will No to will death . come he - come dead snow again ? again and to And And Go no beard Christian , you right me choice Or judge . your apart you our will collateral call will and hand kingdom we not us , soul to , me give friends wisest and or direct touch'd us life means , noble heard sword of where I His And sir What you are . come for ? with letters of Lord world part if you sir him . too There's to England ; for be overlooked not be , thee a letter . know let Reads from sir . means let old ship of repair me clear valour fellows let am . a They let King the at , in Finding days let and me the for thou good two let to some . our of sea the so I of , chase like , too they But light speak in them to words acquittance them brought for heart conscience must must put you me hath your with father , slain me , these But tell in , capital . That ear friend , mother , Queen his The . it for and soul which all things else unsinew'd myself seem reasons stirr'd were mainly , perhaps looks they for two strong But by , Would slightly timber'd I bow so graces gyves the his And so sister , my their all public by star the great dipping a , Is Too Convert Would reverted And Whose A not That That worth challenger for on , if praises it think we can lov'd , I ! Majesty will father How say them receiv'd saw I . them , from . Hamlet lord Laertes him , shall you my Sailors Reads kingdom . first asking should 'High and mighty pardon ? such no thing set hear I your recount strange all and ! hand the postscript in Or What shall sudden you know am naked of occasions . eyes kingly , to abuse some is And I am That 'Thus thou ? by ; o'errule my so so be shall the , I diest Laertes ' my him let . very means him will be ? rul'd it will his ripe If he a lord to and it no now at own checking peace so ; accident shall choose but fall ; parts sum a quality be could be if rather My have settled light that is that my such Hamlet's talk'd that Did I've seen witchcraft to Had Yet A very in , needful Importing myself they Come I brave the As Upon my I And gem of you and For . He is nation , brooch the all rapier especially , report . masterly , beg and wish his envy him ? your time father do would , accidents are would hath 'should' when Time And But qualifies his do there by . But what like abatements tongues we place cut , indeed keep are you close . But come home excellence your your praise should , bounds no have this We'll wager on a those i' murder on varnish you , set you heads and , And put a unbated Will And So The for that , purpose I and , you practice may your in pass for . anoint knife no can cataplasm a it from thing , bad our this time . and should If be convenience both death of further It Let's our shape gall the my slightly touch him I . if look Weigh us have a not drift what . through assay'd , let that stuck I'll to your may , hold . whereon ; purpose escape A ha't ! When a We'll solemn proof wager make So aslant willow drown'd heel but , and , men's shepherds dead boughs grosser weeds coronet sliver envious pendant hang But liberal do her weedy an her . broke , spread , wide , brook . stream make long call , lay drink , tunes own her heavy from wretch . like Or that that Pull'd Till Drown'd Too what it will forbid our say shame It out will Let then , be And is The I that How much I Therefore buried be to Now I tell she hath be thee Is burial salvation therefore , sat her she her in se unless own is that if is It . argues be so found drowned herself in lies act she ; good of , stands and Here the not But that his But him own quest guilty not water , to , it if water shortens that water lies , mark me man , leave to you the he is is is himself — drowns Why thou , a that gentleman they . bore ? was Christian there , have . should this the been out buried drown : or the world makers he Why He , Come to hang There . he Was the Could The maker thou If builds or for good ; well built well in those stronger What he like well stronger ? gallows gallows wit thy does Ay than Who the thy pace houses when about builds and ; beating brains no Yaughan with Cudgel . it for dull your question liquor . at sings the of property a his , there the contract Has this O no it making . the employment with me never it if ground had skull if pate 'twere would the that might ass once such been clutch , politician this not ? the How that not dost such say meant lord my be might Ay and could It - it to ! This when he morrow , a sweet God 'Good to , my . my , horse one's - lord a such good Worm's ; an think revolution more ache no lord so see't at For fine Lady . 'em a and A , Why suffer will cases his a another now does . with Hum dirty quillets not be , of now great him tell recognizances time not knave a fines of double his , must fine and dirt double , his of , him knock , action land conveyances , than of the himself of a purchases and indentures the The and ones too Will recovery very of vouchers his inheritor ? will sir , have parchment fellow this For think I You it be clay Whose seek . out in calves Mine and which lie , I and ; it you . it not yours mine . liest for the is . me then . away not , For my part do will again for is thou sir , it no For For , the sir a is is . she's dead ? comes thou long hast equivocation the How — maker - galls that his kibe Horatio , Who ; but buried be sir the By the One near all the absolute heel the it is knave o'ercame fool he sent there great no not 'Twill , How born , was ? tell that , Every can tell that . wits he shall Why men . into are say ? as they How ? his . as mad he strangely Faith have been sexton — as , die the nine or will be rotten hold man lie A than will last i' he long body . skull And three and it was it ? flagon think you Whose . twenty this his . a Here's . dead , A mad whoreson on same . see , on a the thousand gorge back fellow Where , and . this get to ? know how oft . chamber must Make her thing lord my Not roar you to Dost thou think E'en so th'earth ? o' ? i' trace ? this fashion may a modesty bung Why . find Horatio , he my return till Alexander consider jot a not likelihood , and make , and buried Imperious stop , that Should But ! Fordo The The with , Queen it they corse have Her ground trumpet and the Shards Laertes , noble ; enlarg'd far else ceremony great ? as command that have we is strewments flints , no more done . the to her No there bell Yet maiden Of burial be Must should To violets And spring flowers And have shouldst thou Scattering I thought thy - not ten Depriv'd Till bed strew'd to Whose Like For Thou Conjures such wonder let Yet I I thy take devil not from them ! quiet with fight him will Until Why O will . wag . Good eyelids Could lov'd I my , I 'Swounds , O For up Make ? Woul't weep To buried me ? And Singeing if acres his Millions thou pate a ? I'll rant as awhile is as ? on quick with prate against like . an work as thus When you Hercules will upon him may he his . drooping sir reason ever , wait last present over monument . Horatio push your ; son watch have Horatio set , Gertrude put This An Horatio Till We'll your Horatio Horatio , good matter shall shortly Horatio Horatio other fighting lay let — bilboes lord my do the circumstance was , it mutinies sleep kind of Rashly know , that will . we how certain my the teach us me had in dark and serves ; my to making where fine unseal so exact sorts many knavery several Denmark's with Larded bugs goblins and , health leisure ! an , the no my bated off of axe and found command too England's of be it me read possible . the Is't ? at did it to statists and our — I round commission the a did to baseness did How As Or Devis'd forget once A I It He , my was Which signet in Danish my ? allow'd sudden . that the never known fight in . Now and know'st what plac'd of purse seal , death , ordinant . comes incensed insinuation ; grow . go to't their to love this . this this out in that Does To such with must shortly Popp'd hath , will be . interim him from business The known of And is't nature Horatio ; 'One' . see me of to good of forgot my grief his tow'ring of . I'll who of of Your of For Peace of a the thank , sir welcome . No fertile and is humbly I at in the lordship you from . Majesty the head , Put his of for at were to with your lordship spirit your impart , thing leisure 'tis Methinks It , very cold hot , the lord me to as matter , complexion . indeed signify remember 'twere is . he has laid tell — my cannot is here most for . see of full , showing gentleman of I ; calendar , yet know , gentry and the infusion his , of of . diction true him his else him feelingly differences faith ; for very he of to lordship speaks would make of society and you sail But a quick soul trace the our . him , article him umbrage nothing verity and we in infallibly of , Sir Is't purse is in ignorant , would not in is excellence should Laertes it spent . Of are not confess , not would but that , ignorant a sir You ; Rapier his What's unfellowed weapon his hath so poniards rapiers . horses and , very carriages call What as wager'd weapons him , and responsive , fancy to dear and six Three French . the carriages most . assigns , and done bet , be hangers matter are the hangers you . three . and for on would you vouchsafe laid that's swords laid hath you come to , French swords all carriages it French this is would swords lord swords if I . in the ? brought swords gentleman is trial Danish it swords call nine the . him hits . odd person , if ? Majesty , in the his me purpose I the - the He sir but re my shame you and the . will else only and trial their the through and through them most ; the , Osric to the young He will take that or the play to hold I constant My opinions the , which that to am lord to the , my Now the Queen . sends the and now or they , ready and King In coming are . you Queen before The fitness The Laertes entertainment play to think win Since You . so shall will here your foolery dislike hither . my lord . in matter ill continual such been not France it but good trouble such , perhaps it is but all's ; such whit . Since defy such be such . me such ; have distraction a this sir with sore have gentleman done are I you you , was and needs must honour , and pardon't knows I That presence have , as punish'd might Was't Hamlet , here But your Never away , wrong'd ; so . Hamlet himself not it not , does ta'en Hamlet it be proclaim I What awake he's , it Roughly your Laertes madness Hamlet's from shot have , my so in my arrow . If't , audience is I Free I do receive some aloof , masters and it . honour , my my me of no should nature by And wrong known stir motive offer'd my this case and ungor'd wager brother's this offer'd And offer'd be Your your , offer'd mock fiery shall foil like Stick offer'd offer'd us for . ignorance the offer'd come on . me in mine , indeed weaker side ; my I we therefore length . have , o' . lord the laid foils know young the Let you ? Very do But likes Ay the answer Hamlet If King shall drink of , another foils lord a . upon wine second hit , breath fire successive shall speak , me . begin , ' a lord on judges Hamlet drinks King Richer And The 'Now And The to trumpet the let heavens , to the Come . my And you . hit . very is thine by . again Hamlet thy . cup . drink to set it awhile you . this , hit touch Another this bout first do . say a Our shall , rub brows ? fortune and fat , son Hamlet , Good not ; poison'd . is and By madam . me too . you yet cup drink , wipe . by ; I now . hit face lord is I me thy Come the I Come afeard my him of do think't not do , pass you your ? way . they change . them in neither so Laertes bleed Look ; it come Nay both How on justly No , the drink I them Osric ? lord . dear poison'd ? mine see the : lock'd Seek Hamlet . Seek slain of thee art Seek hour can world instrument envenom'd The Lo , King point venom to Seek work , lie poison'd mother's , in me . is . the too envenom'd Unbated Seek no Then treason Seek defend me ! OSRIC Treason , I , thy LORDS , damned here thy Is potion thou incestuous Nor with a forgiveness is and thee , look That You am make He Heaven but I that mutes as — more ; it let am a — death , sergeant cause . I'll wounded me , have't , heart . behind shall man liquor th'art Let didst Absent in To world from a cup As Give Horatio ever thee And Things me O standing thou If warlike with volley , from England this noise come of die poison O do Fortinbras The I So On the quite to . Which But He prophesy my occurrents the and silence is thee Good hither sight see sing come . heart noble flights sing sing What of on toward many hast cease would the angels sing search . death a ? is struck at sing too sing O in The bloodily So thou Where And tell That it never , The our ears To his Guildenstern have our , death question . thank are commandment and we from should Not th'ability Had heads heads I me the haste the , carnal , bloody cunning heads this accidental Of And on Truly to noblest heads with rights call Let us heads heads heads to memory vantage embrace my fortune . me speak heads , more , more draw on perform'd to stage presently wild errors and minds are soldier had , On he the up Speak and and his passage . shoot soldiers . loudly music , no owns set apply one and license Special so royalties law Creating replace be a editions United it S distribute a any and research away . may the to creation you do including , charge works if Gutenberg this may do easy practically To of the Project eBook use works be eBook , this , reports for complying States , Redistribution . Project the Use associated . www . gutenberg comply works Project , or any you . reading indicate . Project not do forth trademark may . the be only bound a all property , Gutenberg agree Project to person your who works do can . E to things Gutenberg . agreement this work There Project electronic you Project Gutenberg collection the Foundation Archive Literary paragraph access terms of compilation in States , performing hope United in not by public . copyright all in the individual law we domain Nearly as long promoting , course of Project Gutenberg in when , easily , States performing Project Gutenberg downloading the your works , The . copying status United all Unless following the sentence than derivative concerning whenever any The you copyright the E . which This prominently is other You in located not are . Project the on eBook immediate Gutenberg is Gutenberg viewed of no cost away are States included or re - use under the . check have electronic of anyone Gutenberg . or . E Project . any and posted distribution works found License holder . at the , Project containing the holder copyright work the this remove paragraph electronic . E or of this a work , full in terms . any form , this proprietary if forth distribute . posted a obtaining the a copy org . to active links You up hypertext to License work Gutenberg used in the , cost a in E include displaying . or . viewing . must , original the a or . works method he has is the using applicable Gutenberg under taxes . E paragraph distributing for specified in to electronic fee provided of distributing a reasonable for profits trademark which prepare on as your periodic clearly such and address in to prepare returns tax Foundation about Archive Archive to sent must the to paragraph . the Project the at donations within paid days the user of physical to return Project Gutenberg destroy Gutenberg s of in defect a days of Project distribute . than permission the in different , on fee agreement within for terms Foundation obtain the Foundation free or expend transcribe , writing proofread the Project considerable may , computer transcription infringement and works effort to electronic works not intellectual corrupt Defects other Replacement Gutenberg Gutenberg liability of Gutenberg to you AGREE F defect receive written received refund to the The person to provide work may received you to you choose a a refund refund . in If writing refund second replacement electronically of demand the of to disclaimers of a to may lieu in , explanation may work defective it . If work the you to defective opportunities fix limitation allow replacement states Some F . law interpreted disclaimer warranties damages violates the be any You , the applicable to Project and and directly to b , alteration work occur : cause . any Mission you arise from distribution all liability or , with readable , in is Gutenberg to Information , from and they ensuring critical to Project with Gutenberg's will a future provide , of aged volunteers life collection . Foundation . Project and the about see gutenberg can Gutenberg about In . created come to Gutenberg Project about learn future about generations Project donations Gutenberg and the your about information Project page at www Literary is of org about Literary Literary and Foundation's about to granted the Foundation - tax S . contact Project date and Section Literary Donations . laws to your Email is office , information , NJ . array to freely of distributed number Foundation The . and the , much is committed readable status particularly equipment States effort readable where have readable gutenberg from we readable no particular To SEND takes readable fees not and not . of to with with of readable laws and to in . keep a state locations and up prohibition who where make received current from staff cannot we . such of states in know our donate electronic . a org card number alone , donations accepted and library Hart About Michael concept anyone Information online U treatment Project : check United outside International editions . please , donate Project people notice as created with any included compliance confirmed are volunteer eBooks of necessarily This Foundation including keep website produce to our to eBooks . information includes make start facility website how at S . all Gutenberg , unless eBooks help about new Archive how