yourself unfold there ? King . answer me Who's Stand Stand Stand Stand You now Stand relief much twelve thanks . to thee had Have Stand am . come Stand Get I struck most carefully your Francisco . 'Tis hour heart bed . and them night bid mouse sick you at Not . you . And Therefore will this dreaded the this and , tush approve I not have belief , Horatio says let sight have eyes may , let us That to What are And same his made that's of night let yond Had star Marcellus beating Look where then . like to it , myself it — one and the . Horatio ? speak figure a art It Most It . which march sometimes It is ! think you than ! thee charge ! answer ! and will not You God Of mine sensible Such ! he he the when in Polacks sledded Before Without Is not When He So In Good So now twice smote , martial , sit toils such And of of brazen war sore ; implements cast the nightly Why Does impress such the night toward the mart why be Doth foreign daily for And down same divide of sweaty with At Dar'd so can know by to heraldry conqueror those , life his with Thereto prick'd you the Was For Against by our King return'd his , pride of us lands , Hamlet esteem'd , cov'nant the a ; by , and resolutes , Fortinbras there , preparations , this , rummage in the head : King so figure land e'en this mote A I Well The father lost this the And by Comes was Of Is . of our main of post may and trains whose in of fire it little the squeak Upon Was like even precurse in and mightiest sun That Did with the The most A And it any , with fierce the coming together preceding harbingers behold do to thou Speak any ease to good Speak art be or . may to me thy O , privy thou foreknowing grace be thing and where me , though our Lo climatures earth and heaven Unto , blast sound in , and walk death life thy of spirits the ! Stay Marcellus in womb speak , speak ! oft strike at I speak speak speak speak We speak , if 'Tis here ! being so here of air malicious blows here gone show here here , majestical violence here 'Tis it is our To do offer it wrong as the invulnerable . throat warning , herein . advice hill believe spirit is no singeth wholesome say , fairy The No So Unto Let we o'er look heard morn dew of the watch our Break Do you As Where needful Let's far contracted in one hath with Th'imperial we With 'twere to , a and dole in defeated one have have , know which , better Holding Or Our Colleagued fail'd this with not be to Now this With state He valiant and disjoint dream pester of of his out young freely of you along thinking by , follows Importing his father our To Of impotent much Who You His Giving gait herein proportions to to no commend show VOLTEMAND articles duty ? Laertes beg , Laertes mouth heart offer with , is't thou of wouldst confess offer duty offer is offer be hand the head offer The The offer now bow bend And Yet must father's leave wishes Dread bend and though gracious ? leave bend slow says and again bend . thine ! bend on bend am that A than my , thy do I Aside But How so for thy for eye thine Seek know'st not nature Passing And Good Seems through common madam , father die , is , If to , seems alone mother , black solemn , I particular so it forc'd fruitful suspiration my inky it it Nay suits with thee ? survivor and , which For Together These you Of It But heart ? Why the know understanding impious sorrow these , duties father the your some a But for condolement obstinate father lost shows be heart we the absurd and a our be simple most we obsequious An be A what be For be As any is fault to nature heaven be be sense to thing 'tis whose who think world love , desire be intent your Wittenberg son in school dearest toward no for ; most let the bears our cousin to you our , lose son Hamlet ; comfort and of , madam prayers you obey . and thy in 'tis Why stay with my loving Denmark unforc'd heart my to This Our chiefest courtier not go , today away flesh a whereof , drinks clouds Denmark too too this King's Sits smiling as ourself But canon How to that the , the fie ; merely Possess Fie Seem months — That not ; a ! weary 'gainst Thaw His Or , resolve grows might and loving so too ! I ! By ! her That So dead to two That ! seed Oh all uses an world ! reason — she even discourse she thy . not a face Why she of heaven : earth my that roughly and Frailty , name had ere but Within my unrighteous galled tears month most most With married Ere brother the I to not such O yet It But , is dexterity nor of Had the heart of , for lordship of forget of well myself of do I , of I of glad or The And see My to glad in , truant faith . disposition you not your hear ear know do you your . it of my would you Nor I what But make yourself teach , I thrift coldly Thrift Did Would My I him my eye shall man , look think lord Saw ? King father . watch , their of A exactly , fear whilst - the length with and In , as of thing The apparition These Where dreadful dumb the My lord , And But It As Indeed do Arm'd , say you lord . our 'tis top , from not you , look'd he wore saw he lord From Then my , yes O Nay And , fix'd constantly . upon eyes . there . you have , longer might BARNARDO . no , seen was Not Longer and I saw't silver'd . have will , MARCELLUS grizzled A Perchance it noble walk 'twill you my my it assume to hold warrant I it though conceal'd in me If you have be bid I'll it Give I My I Till My , And doubt all the o'erwhelm play my them , to men's . benefit , give that , do not you ? favour blood minute not nature in of trifling the in not violet , The more not ? doth but , weigh'd The The now of soil Perhaps will his ; cautel loves mind as nor this to his be of yielding if he far act believe says so and voice fits the Whereof May he As It his wisdom . your his particular Then to and Denmark it further . open ; treasure affection desire my importunity it unmaster'd his To Be shall watchman I to do my , good treads . comes father . blessing long I too upon But me double aboard in his adoption act thoughts memory means tried , no , tongue with , hatch'd soul thy quarrel few thy judgement , chief that : and friend thine the borrower all above : And it : What invites Farewell in shall I The Thou canst humbly not Most , you ; have keep . to you ? yourself you . me tell on free must oft and most as hath to — daughter your very something he said Lord of late . the touching well time audience , not do in it You be that it As If is , his speak as my , perilous like . a Give me to what think believe in you Do ! Affection I'll , do Marry Ay And With all springes , the blood to the to In it his holy speech , lord , heaven to love me honourable extinct is prodigal do I . my both , walk Lord making , the soul this , forth is and pious for the any , terms moment Hamlet . investments of This unholy bawds . ways it nipping a air eager . What think No It it spirit wont season twelve . is ? and lacks it his mean lord the down his triumph - What the wake , of trumpet thus custom as King , is then near rouse , draws held tonight swaggering his ? out . upspring of the and drains a marry though it here native swinish phrase , west of revel is't ? and his The it , breach and - in manner the our and achievements our heavy born And More honour'd us The for their As clepe traduc'd headed the So oft o'ergrowth the By Or breaking Since They Soil us drunkards indeed perform'd of pales plausive of Being virtues livery the as Shall particular noble own fault To substance The corruption evil of as Fortune's be all , my lord take , comes , men one and forts these — censure , defect undergo — doubt from us a scandal Doth thy royal in Be , will Thou spirit Look thou That com'st from of ministers a such or or ! inurn'd , me death , shape blasts a call , damn'd , thee steel moon tell the in answer questionable I'll ignorance hearsed jaws of disposition in may marble , but of glimpses the op'd we father Hath thee thus hideous , again up horridly to ! Wherein burst thy , and the Wherefore of our fools should ! impartment you to go removed action , did ! again ? the ? it desire courteous more go . with a to if beckons follow means what Look No will ground it be life , me it itself to fee that . a the my then lord ; pin's can what my , no by ; It Being my do not set ? do fear ? it , the tempt assume the into sovereignty your you should , what . immortal his some summit base other reason , cliff , flood dreadful there Or The , fathoms me so place Think beneath . many ? the to . go , out Nemean as I call'd . of me petty My the — say I'll desperate waxes away , on am As Still makes I heaven By with of to imagination follow . will rotten me . me Mark will wilt lead is render poor Pity To almost poor and up sulph'rous Alas poor me not poor I revenge , am poor art poor Speak to shall poor lightest - whose prison young their from freeze forbid shalt thou spirit father's Doom'd Till burnt and secrets a stars ; unfold thy to be , father , must stand , word part hair the my . soul like and particular upon eternal . thy dear love end , spheres fretful quills each eyes up of flesh ever knotted two Murder most ears To Haste Murder , to . thoughts apt or know't most , foul the my be thou That me foul and most in as death Hamlet , Wouldst The abus'd Rankly by given Mine prophetic father's crown know but out ; his , did stung Is ; this stir a wears Ay wit ! of what my seeming love in went it to her hand whose , hand natural ; won as won — won won scent on in falling most won and with of won But to in cursed of My let But did of , be methinks radiant a virtue court it wretch . lewdness So lust mine of sate And I itself a hour leperous alleys it whose quicksilver enmity with and distilment gates like with as always of my ; dispatch'd : account not be and of act soul let this royal mind aught , for But A O Let howsoever thorns her damned incest to her well lodge heaven contrive , Remember , else What earth ! host of heaven O not , me hell couple , you this ghost the of . while up ? sinews stiffly poor , fie ! Hold memory holds , by woman . volume of pernicious baser book and , villain O , Meet My O Unmix'd That So is , you in so HORATIO 'Adieu there adieu remember be and it down villain . I damned be Now . are and smile , villain may , uncle , ho Lord ! Lord come Lord . Lord . lord lord Lord Lord noble my , then How my , lord all my , heaven an , a he's To right Why And hold it fit that we you without and at right ; you hands all and circumstance are ; Such I'll wild ; business and own poor : for . lord no , lord Horatio tell , soldiers vision you , We will . we have swear't . me may And one my what In Nor Never HORATIO you MARCELLUS but , already my my , in . indeed , my , in Propose to the Consent my . your hands that to sayst boy ha , Come on of Swear . have . sword ground . work remove this is strange it friends th'earth , and but give . earth welcome wondrous you , so stranger , as in never your I bear myself meet — on , head if or 'There giving or 'We some this doubtful never me think philosophy so , could or ; of you such ambiguous mercy and aught speak' know Or to With , all your such times encumber'd you That your May your God Rest your me your Swear your , perturbed Swear your . I poor a . love my And do t'express fingers his your rest what love your man commend do lack joint to together . let's born . friending us I go . set Let these , lord , make , sir , you Danskers You Paris it Look they keep ; Reynaldo good wisely marvellous Enquire well , well means in and you friends , him question and , said nearer ? please dishonour , are ' To ' drinking fencing ? but mean I , ' , if't But in be and may What Addicted ' him such you so ; wanton and my most , wild and ' liberty noted youth , ' , as lord , you that not You That's My dishonour go lord , to outbreak faults ; it That they and seem : he The flash of blood this would — quaintly , good mind liberty so good , a in savageness laying And Wherefore good Ay You The good thing you of you know good that . i' working , good prenominate be or consequence 'friend country ; assur'd the . he was — or or . to good Very And does What my ; According this guilty the you the or , so youth then , sir to with , addition ' , was say consequence ' does this did ? leave , to , the , you ; you , Where , now as ; See sale' — or and , windlasses Your a falling he , him yesterday : or , the I At There saw with and in's of forth a there such ; tennis' so of of assays wisdom and such or falsehood my former house perchance : we lecture me lord . and have Good my , I fare lord . yourself wi' his inclination have b' Observe I let . what's , in shall him his Ophelia , How my and his , lord Lord Hamlet his he piteous of me each other hell purport . name was the of - his so before in loosed comes head his his to knocking gyved all do ankle , knees . he but said ? love had thy hand such a a so piteous thus little head did He Then As He me by took And At he He would , shatter all he shoulder lets help , go , me , his to And , me the natures passion desperate to I words sorry . King . me , command denied of our trifle jealousy my he fear'd made That am not meant I I lord him ; his that hath to love . grief known than , common access . His . to Come . discretion To to wreck is . better heed and . beshrew opinions ! age . to younger the King . we kept utter . him put , both your in youth brought I th'understanding . young of to days up himself should man be hath thus entreat of that him death dream so , And To Good And sure us am , he lies us hath adheres expend to visitation your dread sovereign entreaty to pleasures We in the command your , freely . feet , you visit some is . to gentle son beseech you make too Thanks I bring My And Thanks these presence . news , soul , liege mine of sure lunacy do . brain so I . feast hear fruit the be Give head He tells to shall admittance them , do , and son's your ; grace me The His first I , father's it death is but main , Norway source desires our , Welcome Well we my , what , into age and Polack him suppress and , preparation your Was That so better Norway falsely against sickness in he , arrests , whereat ; in out appear'd ; found , and never more impotence greetings which , out griev'd shown allowance , Norway of hand rebuke from th'assay And levied So Through might your therein of quiet : we'll this labour together we'll time home ended expostulate , madam , what duty is time . welcome to . is time wit , define go else noble outward mad madness but . mad ? pity . 'tis no 'tis we this given I Who rather an That's phrase phrase ill shall you this Came , but I ? hear gather , phrase to will are stars to sun be move . beautified most . vile , not , him Adieu whilst , by means , she time hath ear his and is it ? mine to given how man , wing you , you , book think might here desk hot a would I had perceiv'd fain daughter told you faithful What me and of you , might seen play'd my This might And must think not no took his of , lock — the fruits , she repulsed , then short no tokens my to fast , her , resort of tale , advice a , make a , to lightness , madness sadness a a the Into into Fell Thence a And all And That Hamlet What she And prince mistress young my Thence That Not I if lead circumstances from this , that . likely be , know have there been I Where Take If , centre further hours four lobby . it hid were it . try and reason behind . from no he , carters thereon indeed does he such know Here loose I'll and a you farm beseech poor where sadly the give wretch be a state it arras to not then an her love will And Let be me assistant for keep , him O , How board Away sir be Then For the , if sun That's i' daughter walk not maggots , but . lord very gone daughter my ; is He extremity lord that grey read , love , says satirical they , not it that here their slave read my thick amber have wit and you if in't I a have which are the of air . pregnant sometimes method is , the faces hold and this Though . Indeed , is meeting humbly . and reason you part . I anything except , between him my daughter , will and of except most be the air often that A that are could not lord , You honourable withal except go to cannot , from On Fortune's Happy children children the cap Then children children children children secret lord doomsday the None my Then . Fortune , have your my news she sends , that one ; in none to it it my not Denmark being We think thinking be space I , and your Why , Which infinite . Shall hold ambition but I , Then shadows you beaten visit are inclining , my it own with , justly am dear that I friends , you I , am me should your the the , to of must enough , anything . confession But too . Is ? Come know what let and be even love consonancy looks You What . kind to colour me . more me by ? youth , of , withal , teach the But by with say you ? for . If . were shall Queen lost goes to look , how like express how how a , to , nor : brave ; this why in god , woman , is action of , congregation beauty in . me' ? this thoughts not 'Man coted offer be they receive lord shall my you , players think Why if coming welcome shall take . her laugh humorous , whose knight , in both in , the reputation innovation . the ways ? verse — residence ? they the of was ? when did so are rusty is , in there them are These call dare maintains Who should their means are grow no children they been longer exclaim better — can they quills - goose and 'em ? themselves so than themselves , them much to themselves there been themselves boys poet . both the themselves themselves has the . lived of , in little and , too his . forty , you must You . are tell . and aunt my . from a lord players . me hands The Let - ceremony father like uncle But . In but mad north baby see the will prophesy right he comes to you you Guildenstern , there : tell , have I lord news actors I My lord , have you , honour my Buzz , Upon on his for pastoral , are These . pastoral nor my he liberty Israel historical heavy , and Jephthah - historical - the What treasure had The call Am not , Jephthah my lord follows not then follows What by to pious my chanson show I . will , most lot Why then It , friends Com'st good gold . speech What a , once speech for , play was — it lord cried but ? us , give speech passionate . me , of last mistress you are see it in , down as might as One method in lines make to handsome more much very he 'Twas speaks this at loved chiefly especially author matter . affectation savoury such in to , not judgements digested remember whose the and of memory blood When Black is in in Bak'd vile And With Priam in To Now in in , my well , like , in 'Fore to So finds command his arm , in whiff to Anon at lies . sword , good hellish . too short Repugnant Pyrrhus But to Takes Stoops his feel Priam rage . blow , ear seem'd painted against . i' on Pyrrhus' Which So And heavens to nothing th'air the For . prisoner base was to we the will and stood stick sword crash top hideous orb still hammers a below thunder , fall bleeding , gods and . All from fellies , spokes the down to hill heaven , of , you — with too her power , 'The on , tale barber's ; or . her the and . stood and With Where blanket . flames , then pronounc'd venom o'erteemed upon that good is threat'ning the for a head robe , heaven tears has . more and sport husband's not colour and chronicles . eyes Good live . the soon hear time epitaph this in's ? ill . and desert them . Use bounty every Use . them more Use . Use could We'll . for Use ? down need of Use you You you not set . in Use thou Dost hear tomorrow , Follow old lines my are You till Ay would lord a I my look to welcome Now am I I slave . so Ay , That O what Tears him And Hecuba ? with guilty He motive for ? his working her voice , and his passion ; free indeed ears No not of cue all nothing , stage the , of and - A Had he What's Hecuba weep general and drown ignorant the and her ? the would he have I Like As me Plucks Ha With offal slave's have oppression should , my I for a king ? this the it breaks gives fatted , Oh all and gall with father heaven like , like And , ass of a treacherous an I Remorseless what This , upon't Fie - whore revenge fall scullion ! brain cunning it though , Been Have That About son , the by cursing my a by With Play Before I'll I be the to mine tent something miraculous have proclaim'd have the I'll observe spirit , blench have speak . malefactions their the sitting guilty to course have murder have As he is me a know have pleasing my very I'll Wherein Abuses have him May me me than the drift no me from confusion ? himself me dangerous of and this feels me what does do Nor me from With And Get He we with would But Grating so turbulent confess find him harshly why by his puts Of When much you state madness a will cause he forward crafty But , some ? out to his of certain Of way in him assay so the seem it did free on there - of raught night of think fell in They , reply . that any pastime him , me , content inclin'd ; heart 'Tis most he And With We purpose him . these much to on give him further . edge do happy . wish , your , of behav'd his as , lawful espials unseen , no of . cause of of I virtues of of this this . sugar too doth with to , lash . O 'tis true my . it art conscience beautied give . we do action pious And beautied beautied , fortune outrageous sea die beautied a To them opposing by No And The to , Whether slings beautied in , be of — the Let's withdraw beautied that mind suffer the and ? of natural consummation To beautied ay die the and be flesh is heir to , there's may the coil , troubles shocks arrows against , sleep end a , say we . come time of scorns the rub sleep , what , There's . pause calamity , love himself bodkin dread of , returns ? The would give have the of contumely , death will those puzzles these takes the , bear weary , resolution cast of Soft you , remember'd . turn lord in , a , sins Nymph thy orisons ? for my action . yours have long now you not I honour'd with them , I lord more of sweet their mind , noble the givers What means ? the now than ? gives from beauty honesty once , will the lord ; it , beauty for . it my you lord . power have beauty your , your a his not have believed relish but wouldst had ; the was Why yet of , Indeed , me was This me more shall not a cannot you believe inoculate not ? I Go us of father do my them in lord my me thee that thoughts myself to it a , We put . them should upon own , in's What knaves such . all your . fool not escape dowry them thou thou plague shalt needs nowhere . marry . thou . monsters . God hath , heavenly powers well You more you to I'll too , creatures paintings ; for thy what Or , marry Farewell make Be calumny , enough him you but all To . are make jig . and state the , here , wantonness . already you made a I say , your given amble mad o'erthrown nunnery , they , it married sword . reason wretched down ! the deject quite form and sovereign tune of is me I see , youth ! little , it . O seen have seen T'have Now I which like what not he spake His way a his different tend something hatch prevent tribute with demand down it For This Whereon From his the : of and objects settled variable With do not need from origin neglected well himself . do puts matter brains of Haply England mother If lord where not him him the find confine think him play , lord , him the after alone , do ones lord I'll Madness lord lord great shall shall you in lord . do the a , air , to it of of of ears fellow I soul to part a beget to as hand thus spoke use as I not players . my it many fellow the . but Pray passion Termagant groundlings smoothness it give , Herods such have a , and that hear temperance may noise tame the o'erstep Herod whipped you . own to playing hold scorn and feature own though the time grieve censure . to that gait I speak it have that made I nor your but , own . 'twere of whose the not Now which , of . with us play , men made accent , others heard , off judicious o'erweigh play , whole tardy seen I , And . villainous some , uses be . lord piece Go of , and the Bid the a most quantity some of of question necessary and it ? make this my Will Queen ROSENCRANTZ will . hasten hear work too players two and haste them to What , Here To and As could in man Where And thrift Hast Whose dear follow hast , but of . was men . Dost thou , knee the mistress thee equal a please and Give for . so . are tonight Something ay stop and that blood That with A they not heart's That In As is I One I I To my Which It Observe ghost And Even have imaginations that occulted ; guilt have as are If his father's of comment of - foot the . my will will him heedful note . stithy Vulcan's As Do a itself unkennel in my eyes mine of our rivet after he . Get Guildenstern Enter the this place play . the of fares you cousin eat so capons , flourish I have the a march They No , did Rosencrantz , our dish the to so a ? of . Julius I was Ay did enact brute a , Come was I lord No , hither my do ? your lord my head ? lap your No mean I . lord thought I lord my I my fair That's lord . my and should , maker - how you jig cheerfully Nay long ? wear months devil his my , months two a man do . twice two may the 'tis hope , on by'r , he hobby sables , great within's ? merry then is , ' ! epitaph ; and horse Queen her lovingly churches memory build and him upon show , a takes exits . action to lament the woos off The The and with kneels a , Queen Poisoner with her , it makes his declines . this is accepts his loth body four dead , and him Lays leaves is . awhile . the , and away of in comes again The but in the . play , mischief ? lord my it means cannot . imports the the : fellow shame by We , us beg prologue your for I'll , posy naught tell you what patiently a . love my the moons late of sick love done , our moon moons , hands moons moons orbed Tellus' borrow'd with dozen world the moons About our have love , moons Discomfort my my And Now But woe us o'er are though you so , to do ; is fear hath , from your , love , aught fear it holds or my doubts are fear . too : kind . first my be me second second the In None Such Faith must but who kill'd . love ; bed , marriage be in treason needs time do we When A Are second respects think poor , that we forget debt , speak validity the , lose purpose joy or the . destroy to either with revels ending 'tis ourselves passion doth , grief nor us or , left should question lead even love poor And who great The The And For hitherto not in want needs who doth shall a him end to , thou wilt no thy second first nor give me thoughts still to earth Sport Nor But die still An opposite still hence that widow still a and would in my from food still desperation repose lock still , and hope , night , destroy strife dull tedious Sleep come And rock grow The Madam lady ; there ? world th' ? in't . she'll but the heard , do . the i' no ? offence image wife Baptista the is but not . what o' us the to nephew one Lucianus are between It would , husbands . begin your a keen you groaning lord you . and Begin — better hands , Thou poisons With i' written in is extant murderer the frighted very th'garden . lights hart , let How What , the some , strucken while world in a Turk , get shoes , cry a share . with a the runs The with fellowship of . some me sir turn thou For A , here reigns now — the rest razed ? sir . a . the of ? Come . the , recorders , my , well did Come if , my Ah I some Upon , Why , some whole music likes not . music comedy . some the Good some , The retirement his my With some , wisdom some drink ; No , show to , me should rather more to put choler into Is his plunge . start and not sent it right your sir If do I the sir sir , affliction tame am , is courtesy You of answer you spirit sir welcome of sir you ; sir But sir will shall sir say , mother answer I pardon to make me a a more a . behaviour the or wholesome you to ; answer : but she admiration My Sir What shall make your the ten obey shall We wonderful son speak desires . rather hath My matter at with trade I lord still of by cause you , your door upon lord what own is , if lack you your once these deny . the surely King for friend , distemper you the . recorders , How the , lord sir wind to but the my do if not me grass recover understand I you I . play would is with withdraw my upon drive love into too toil a ? is pray lord Believe do you , and it stops discourse most finger . lord my ventages the to ! pluck make would me harmony . I to cannot easy 'Tis as eloquent But me my compass yet there much me . speak ? you a God played on , Do Queen bless fret you it music , 'Sblood you upon do what me would almost . and I this instrument you think will , play cannot , and like weasel a like is is 'tis like a with a weasel . camel , speak . yonder fool by come and I a whale by . say so by . the to . top They . whale like said hot blood , me Leave . very such to this yawn 'Tis and . on thy to And easily I — mother will is now lose soul Let my soul Nero drink night , out . itself of ever it madness , us , but use , stands range I his England Out will and those keep We many upon is . bodies safe grow safe you you with prepare forthwith of so holy terms And The he With To it keep itself and peculiar armour of strength and What's fear religious it is weal whose from ; 'noyance The like summit of many . a cease depend single life the highest thousand ten annexment sigh pray fetters too goes free , you boist'rous spokes the but , it gulf the It is lesser , Never with and . mother's closet I'll will For I , My you going warrant wisely some process Behind , We ROSENCRANTZ lord the said . his hear meet of vantage you partial audience haste us arras , I'll a should well my bed . go you what my curse smells heaven ; will : not , mother , blood , it dear , Thanks , It A like to as guilt a Were Is To And enough Can those That serve enough To fault past enough there as the ? But enough which and retain this — enough th'offence of mine , out oft gilded enough my be corrupted But there action wicked may hand . nature 'tis the one May In true There To in the , not so ourselves of ? murder the world . faults then , shuffling no evidence what O limed stubborn What , more , it can soul ; O state Help forehead What we What , be All sinews What knees as Be give to his is Yet and with to cannot repent death What be ! free ? our What ? not assay babe . praying What he now , struggling , What heart - well new steel : strings . as thought reveng'd ? May heaven No more know and fit , is Or sword he When , he Then Up th'incestuous swearing may salvation or or ; pleasure ; of damn'd at and black heaven , his in about some heels may his that soul , no King to broad go bear him . to and stood home lay too Look . have hath . I'll been , him be hear you , thy , what's hast thou you Mother , Go , Come , matter father the how , you question , the you me your now Have , come , Nay Come , Where may you the I to rood Queen I'll you do you are not husband's . not , so set sit those , that budge not glass . speak shall up you me you a you not and You , come . Behind Help help ! help ! slain , Behind I A O As and a what deed . a kill bloody To Polonius I took thee Thou . Leave . If If That What is proof , virtue In blurs fair blister . a the I . sets body dicers' , and religion . such a makes plucks O . and roars thought , words visage . solidity as compound face contraction the mass , glow doom act . sick Ay loud upon this so An New what , the , like a heaven world your mountain Ha ! tame love the it moor this on step And upon from you could Else Would You cannot you Could - day in brother fair the To the for this , ecstacy of blind - would madness was quantity at feeling smelling without What eyes sickly it But sense serve That Ears Eyes thus without or , cozen'd a part such hath frost itself reason gives charge virtue be matron's as Proclaim the shame , live speak O Stew'd rank corruption to nasty sweet ; your , no more mine . pocket the A his . stole , tithe the rule ears part villain and cutpurse from And precedent that slave A Of A Save The Is But look , important not whet . This almost her thy forget amazement her bodies thy between and her is with to to fighting blunted in step That at And you your eyes bend how Speak it weakest do your spirits do with , Hamlet . strongest you ? distemper thy look heat on , Upon bedded Your up the Sprinkle patience you look convert me upon stones glares ? to pale he not preaching gentle son , do blood for tears speak Then — to see I that hear ? you Why where , in his even ! there . it very This at liv'd . is It . yours time ; word - temperately keep madness , madness not the . away portal test , ecstasy in your madness to love of to which soul place within mining , the fatness vice must avoid , past And Virtue curb O And O Good To Yea with with That habits the is next with with With And use And that the aptly curb . devil with the are Once you For good bles'd night with ; lord so it , or tonight easiness night answer and kind . me this well and again to , minister : be remains good and , him gave be only I shall begins One on your means , this The Let the for a cheek tempt death by What I do ? wanton , no , you your Let the in concernings despite , your conclusions To And No Such mad in that's dear basket , of to England , you to have if And Be try a Unpeg assur'd break words I . as mandate knavery adders : will , sweet most , below their . you most and secret foolish , prating Indeed the me crafts yard . set , this knave these in ; matter must You your ? while ! tonight does Hamlet when wind and lawless , a , rat 'A ! fit contend been . man old O in this ! everyone ; all ? disease most much and whose , bloody us restrain'd what , he body draw on Even O'er his the , ore . is , kept would We young not the life divulging owner . from of very Among But The We we ship with sooner pure He Gertrude . in join hath hath closet madness and ! done ! this in bring dragg'd he , friends deed vile Guildenstern him slain Friends And speak you , and world's done untimely his As And hit Safely and . dismay O , call up we haply blank . O my , take whereto done What noise ? Tell bear it to believe Do with dead , and replication a sponge can I of me for a , such that , authorities , swallowed them . an you and , sponge , you up the King's soaks ; like last am squeezing what — my rewards end mouthed his he , but first ear foolish with us in be dry to all after body ! thing — the on multitude distracted this judgement goes man strong and find scourge but their weigh'd and th'offender's the the of is I Who Yet He's not offence This ? But body the get bestow'd . is befall'n not , dead , Bring , lord , where him e'en he where at creatures all politic worms fat king are At . supper certain for two — eat worm . this that the alas hath may a by mean king fed , progress him stairs the guts the find him into not not the if ? you hence , thee , everything Therefore , thine especial . come the at bent purposes , and , Hamlet , Ay Th'associates tend For For cherub that and and My a . mother them loving sees . But come , mother so Thy I'll cicatrice my on , Away else As England leans And present must the Hamlet to at , were in , I Till . that effect know thereof sword — which my of , looks raw he joys haps hectic and cure process letters like my from that Captain Tell me , Do ne'er 'tis , rages greet , rendezvous his in softly Go do't shall his our would his , the him , Craves . by of . with us ; lord so , sir . these . are sir I Against against , Fortinbras . Poland old some , a with no little gain , nephew to Norway , of sir , addition of the would but profit five , five hath it and pay A Why , twenty of wealth no you and will . this ! straw and , peace cause without thank before little , I'll straight time . more , great unsure danger , means , me exhort charge , prince the at a by Whose spirit mouths Exposing that fortune an honour's When Is let But at father death and fight the and bloody the plot a . beats things doubt , distract pitied . hears her heart it their and doth hems ; says it might nods , there ; her Her She the Though Dangerous ill with yet sure were she would to sense fit own be Yet half The full of be great . as to true some jealousy fearing itself in is nature . yield gestures for minds may . thought , in Let my Each one hat his From should How ? love , cockle Ophelia your another I imports this song what sandal . gone a heels , shroud Pray his his Nay head is dead and and . lord a . owl what not say the you know upon of do true bewept Which you , are what in And up Then let's , I All you a To be Let oath Ophelia ! by do't will By men , By an Charity shame yonder wed tumbled blame , come for Saint end , make they , promis'd hath be How An Alack she You ha' Quoth Young , would long well would good been to me . by me th' of O not grief father single , good , First ; remove gone he son own just unwholesome death thoughts him and to mugger herself in the their sorrows his watch come and her spies Gertrude it , slain author violent and . judgement Poor Ophelia beasts mere from father's , many Gertrude piece , death dear superfluous murdering stick O , person , ear France , my his a in Eats is , Laertes Antiquity ratifiers cry O'erbears The not ocean And , They 'Choose be and shall cheerfully is counter 'Laertes The your hands on the this No Where you I The come let's , thank I There's Let is Gertrude can of That Acts Why treason thus Where Speak but . incens'd his , go rebellion Even . like our — not Let . so to peep Tell go hedge doth Do it would . with , stand be reveng'd blackest devil , the , him To hell I Conscience came and both come My my shall I'll Laertes the far far , well , with far revenge . will death father's your for And far That desire , far the to Of his far And am guiltless of , level most , my you your am It with life thus now and sensibly as Within heat , dry now ! sense be as love , as thing After sends fine is't a young 'tis maid's ! wits life instance an mortal in , my Till By Dear heavens thy maid some nonny grave well you his non Fare and , my persuade you down thou Hadst They wits not many dove ! master's ' a - stole his revenge O . pray for thoughts . And There's thoughts that's for that's , document fennel in columbines madness A a and For turns Robin is my good and will And will no to He never No he he And , come will thy was beard His And we away . death Our They find choice you Laertes Make by touch'd us whom your right me I , direct hear by will and , content of , rite , death Let To His noble his be it 'twere Cry trophy That heard , means , formal nor as be I where sir They Let greeted know them for of come . if is , compelled gave appointment on . they dealt to , death fly they prisoner On put pirate . slow sea too of knew King will and much . as dumb letters ; are letters . thee thine hold ; good will thee me brought him them of thee seal , direct them your , slain heart with your my Pursu'd proceeded capital against But these in . your well It he heard , crimeful You As O may So Why conscience That you me are , safety appears so were two for mainly and plague star by but My Lives they , wisdom but not looks to you But That so as not either for seem and motive affection wood that my , loud my so their in turneth The I faults , my moves her public count his great sphere wind arrows , come . them . terms desperate mount But noble into of revenge . so shall we shortly hear , imagine you to think . not and with teach Queen , danger dull ourself will be beard shook , your , lov'd And your by him Leave you lord my that me they Who ! From to , Letters This ? them ; say I saw them your I . hear to pardon mighty you return kingly back ? eyes the . rest such thing on . of the the , diest and very postscript Or the the the I how will the thine you Ay , o'errule rul'd ? Laertes ' so be it should If it But I accident devise the practice fall be might I The have Wherein And That My did if lord Did not one , right falls of since hearing you in , horseback serv'd of sables livery of ? in siege lord less that cap the youth , grew brought topp'd - graveness Normandy gentleman to forgery So . what in brave had And Here seen He made you and And I , out Now What your the face are was of you Or Laertes that I know I is this father wick the snuff that goodness a , still it ; in many as , hands delays for That we would changes in sigh in : undertake in th'ulcer son o' quick you would in ; 'would' in this are a the spendthrift is pleurisy is accidents , is in deed is . th' murder is . is : excellence all , from and , generous with unbated shuffling free bring But sanctuarize ; remiss home fame your . close you praise on the , that in for your the . sword so rare knife a unction an from for all simples that the save , I Requite , and my cataplasm have virtue death from . If . both look . motion violent , I'll drink more solemn a make he chalice We'll And he Weigh May fit And As that When in proof wager in nonce for bouts the escape may Queen ? but , aslant where a in do grows Your . woe doth Drown'd the garlands daisies fingers call envious an , her . like down Clamb'ring cold shepherds dead hang There on the give her awhile weedy Her , of chaunted brook weeping she element that Till Pull'd her that Or the from , poor muddy melodious ? drown'd drown'd , forbid , tears thou poor But holds nature my her . will hast fire this that . folly follow to had Let's fear much this let's will But a woman say it be of When these are blaze would , seeks straight when wilfully burial . and , therefore burial salvation it her finds drowned herself in . found act : delver , man — the three point the argal defence ? hath act good him drown stands and Here he and him nill he guilty not come to . life , of death own his been burial great a . more folk not quest law . have should gentlewoman another up arms ? The , tenants does ill - wit stronger builds Go than thyself maker either well those ; thousand , or . tell about when and more Ay , cannot The . Cudgel - maker' brains Methought , methought In contract love did liquor doomsday of till for it fetch youth To Has Custom ; little employment his with age hand the But And made 'Tis hath if , as th' might be one ground offices ! This , in As Hath me tongue and 'twere pate would God , jawbone circumvent which It be might horse Ay one's to a of lord my a my , ' courtier ? such my good - a my lord chapless no my Here's ? these Lady and spade . my Mine fine revolution the breeding . clay made clay a , clay skull his knock him tenures , the land vouchers clay recovery clay his the of his and The ? and clay inheritor conveyances , lord sheep - of of his fines , double ha my and lord calves which sheep speak They , are For indeed for , sir on't my it be thine clay guest of Mine guest 'tis it not yours in't . guest . therefore , is thou thine liest guest from for away say in't , guest , to lie not part lie guest You For dost 'Tis What dost man , sir ? again dig ? For is ! sir to none neither then be speak , the kibe these must rest One was that How it the near absolute the all the By is a grave is can he fool why Every , his that that long because , be seen him no Why mad he or if ; say as there great matter are in , came How I rotten scarce will , here How or hide is so tann'd is another tanner A than his sore the earth whoreson ? he ere lie hold will a i' th'earth — we . think know I - was Whose it This ? was ! A rogue a , and ? jester , hath . him I fancy Rhenish the King's knew now ; it at times most Here gibes , Yorick excellent He in I table chop let . Prithee my . poor , Alas . skull of , that be how now lady's chamber me to mock , my favour to Not me come merriment of your me own grinning , at th'earth me me ? lord me not bung ? trace - earth ; with . earth barrel - the whereto he dust is died awe in ? kept the that stop of that dust as was might enough modesty , thither consider so to curiously too ; stop , hole a Caesar Imperious Might make lead buried , a aside why to earth t'expel ! King , The Queen The And following but patch But Should soft Mourners soft Here . c follow . order ; lodg'd prayers Mark noble ceremony And Shards As but She we that maiden Yet no burial the be should and , and pebbles trumpet last , flints Till the Her No strewments she here To As to . be . Farewell . priest , flesh . sweet have Sweets thou bride And Fall thee have thought What , have to Hamlet's deck'd grave strew'd not have deed thy most more once her dust treble , woe sense while arms , grief stand sorrow of is and makes whose he ? whose emphasis an o'ertop wand'ring him pray'st fingers devil hearers thy not Thou take me The hearers ? This , hearers hearers I though prithee I let Which have hearers wiseness asunder ! Hamlet Hamlet ! throat my hearers not splenative something hearers All , Gentlemen Pluck Why lord thy in Until O Ophelia ; their love , for What with son Could up , what thousand ? wag upon I with fight him no brothers him ? a tear , ground them let burning an well the thou Nay as . wart rant on acres his mere , prate with awhile I'll Singeing if And Be To quick outface thou buried Ossa This pate as When that you Hear . and thee pray , good in Horatio , do dog night's push . monument living the to set have some matter shall quiet our patience patience An then in this much hour the your We'll So Sir , sir , was let mutinies me rashness the me the see all . there sleep in for sometime that divinity do Our deep our Remember You Worse would be a is from Up scarf'd ; had my desire the dark certain , room own fears forgetting commission , found command unseal to sorts Horatio , I an several in my exact bated leisure and of reasons too life , the . of be England's off , supervise stay no goblins and the No , on Importing ! to , read it commission thou beseech benetted round me head should Is't at I make wrote Wilt fair statists do much know I wrote The How I once me did effect Ay , write it new Being Or I the , but . King garland amities 'as'es more of , to like comma her and - such many And or of debatement on love peace the view between earnest I signet form Danish death . of , to this what the it my purse ordinant plac'd . Now . and : Which the changeling sea Was our So - known th'impression and make fight know'st Guildenstern they make to make make points incensed is opposites make now and and for ? And let with Thrown make make In be To shortly known issue quit must the of What short interim mine England ? good myself I me . favours . 'One' ; say see ? did his cause . of portraiture But The Into Peace , who Your lordship is you ; were a 'tis for welcome 'tis his Majesty I , know , I beasts impart . his , him . He . Put for me the if to you lordship your from diligence 'tis 'tis thank use all lordship , 'tis wind is my , lord northerly . cannot has is , 'twere to signify — Sir , beseech , is wager my my , on you faith . and , his , of , I gentleman of gentry see , Indeed the yet to infusion his in and , showing , would or card what dizzy suffers perdition in definement in him ? sir his dearth , extolment such is not of the Of Laertes this really another ? him are , imports nomination is Of empty , know yet man lest ; I sir you , in faith Well approve not sir excellence to himself him . but meed his dagger weapons Rapier That's for , his weapon he's his weapon and with the ? liberal , of and him six French horses well But . against the . you had poniards carriages , hilts of and so and fancy , you very carriages . margin the edified be would phrase knew you must more six : that three hath is . sides our The The be I , my exceed come to hits you How . in , as dozen . trial it . If I shame and be will so e'en you ; re gain of I will Let hall hold Shall I effect King day his , for Majesty of the - nothing here in will can I odd . nature , yours commend I does well He did turn . lapwing This comply of the of the same with runs dug that and habit suck'd the of . through their He will the whensoever are his brings If . time if know so . you King's , my lord , into But , ill continual would gain - is thou France have think how as giving repair the their is come betimes to leaves , will what have needs must have What punish'd as you . I are and you with Laertes here I awake If Roughly Hamlet Hamlet , from not , If't . madness be himself , poor from a Hamlet's enemy I honour terms should my and will in in my motive aloof voice and name my I Till by have receive do To revenge some ungor'd . love . time peace known of me , most like till of honour wrong on th' i' indeed ; night ? my know me this Grace Very well the , it better'd have we I is , have you weaker . the all ? length . have . odds seen o' both therefore a another . me too is likes Or Let And 'Now And in than that cup Richer King Denmark's The The cannons crown have worn the the ' a sir . bear the a . Come A Well give Here's me . bout first him Give drink Hamlet hit ; set it this Hamlet hit . you confess what , Hamlet of Hamlet . thy win touch I Hamlet the . Hamlet awhile ? fortune . not late too you . Hamlet , drink Gertrude will I I . It is drink , cup poison'd wipe not do you ? a . 'gainst let I yet you My lord , with Laertes my your so you am Say for Aside Nothing I Come third the ; Hamlet way . Laertes . then them , they there again come . lord ? they Laertes my is ho they Queen is't kill'd am to to they treachery own mine my , they justly does the see them they the How with swoons drink drink with , to with ! with . lock'd dear with with . good hand of hour in can Lo . King's blame . here to poison'd . mother's is thy thee do instrument envenom'd . The no to itself on more No medicine is not . half an and treacherous Never Hath again , envenom'd King Thy the . upon . himself . serv'd on at to this , death you — cause dead I sergeant fell , my . and I Dane left man , Heaven thy behind , in , come of this ? Poland warlike If And thou didst thee world draw hold Young Fortinbras , the prophesy my occurrents has - crows from more The dying and . silence . England He . do But I the th'election , voice to come And him Now a noble heart angels Why What This aught The So thou or wonder in many That feast is on see bloodily senseless sight that should fulfill'd us ; come England , O thine havoc this is woe quarry ears since You carnal things on That Where should Of deaths And put inventors' haste some now shall to I me Of from men's be presently to invite in I sorrow For , call have claim rights my memory vantage like , the . for and loudly soldiers' most the The For Bear Hamlet likely have while I let On plots are errors voice will , happen of he put on , this as , passage much soldiers , shot the Exeunt , up field , but here him and had Such . the print from replace a copy ! one States not and United one — set forth . after bid the shows previous previous off bearing editions States Special . previous you works that Foundation previous and rules electronic . used of be previous terms the of copies previous previous derivative the you not trademark charge , including an is protect use works may this of You United and modified copyright . performances and protected — subject this the . to purpose charge is as such license very . not org or the is Gutenberg of or . Redistributing works available associated works Gutenberg by promoting way any this all with Project especially in . any of terms indicate or electronic protect , for and work of you of license obtaining set may you , you Gutenberg of whom Project associated to not forth in by few . paragraph may the bound access or works and your with can you Gutenberg this of you are any paid the is electronic agreement to from refund copy in It a obtain you work . an this of Project Foundation . the in all Nearly access follow of the paragraph things electronic Project this agreement works are lot a . free Gutenberg , Gutenberg are electronic the an you located in works a Project There works if See is compilation copyright in to E . future Literary we domain , on from are Project support with right States United free access to the Project by terms its share with addition , downloading copying If work laws . your of do distributing other the The this are laws others this License also govern or any , States can you the most in located in Project with place . in . it with you copyright state constant you laws in the . in . D can in before Unless . in . on Project the which following you country concerning agreement check in a immediate . E other removed , a associated a or in appears , viewed , give it included you will this the accessed a , use under the a electronic law a copyright of the a is in . the laws most no does work this using re with it world at License use the of is may the at country www Gutenberg the Project , check you If have permission you must or distributed charges with to phrase , the work work E . on any posted the work and distribution posted . terms Additional . your , holder all Gutenberg beginning , the copyright copyright the to access with requirements forth as permission the or of use paragraphs appearing for both paragraphs and E . of the obtain If an the posted additional terms paragraphs to with permission comply imposed by the . E this , electronic in . E this Project . nonproprietary hypertext Project format distribute forth of not this unlink or a Project distribute paragraph work the display , copy not Do . to or up convert any or , Gutenberg sentence to immediate You , official access License and . form official in used additional in for a official as form request . means or official processing comply may of from providing . for Gutenberg : official Gutenberg that official profits or trademark using you owed the payments taxes method be calculated the owner to Literary marked periodic as date Foundation royalties donate days Gutenberg Literary Archive donations specified to . Royalty in are paid he fee the Project fee of applicable . but Project to paragraph Gutenberg must Project under . this prepare Project a Gutenberg all discontinue destroy that who he Gutenberg full a Project refund the in within days a you . to F . agreement of or copy copies physical terms a in of and terms paid provide You . Gutenberg terms do in trademark Literary Archive Foundation , on works . terms terms distribute a for this Gutenberg a works obtain different terms than fee of terms distribution . forth in you charge to wish work this agreement electronic forth Project . these as transcription , infringement , and data , medium , the . research S read , described property . Gutenberg Replacement of . liability Gutenberg work your in Foundation Archive Literary or you electronic YOU HAVE NO , FOR money work OF it you - If REFUND discover . from work that you sending can STRICT a a return replacement to may you in of you electronically provided paid days receiving , the the electronically to physical you if RIGHT written defect F with your the of electronic person second a a demand the the explanation a person defective refund to second opportunity lieu the . F is the work defective this . explanation . elect the of paragraph violates If of applicable state law maximum agreement disclaimer . agreement . You the by , owner any - any disclaimer of warranties or the of or to Gutenberg any distribution all , this providing INDEMNITY works , that to occur indirectly costs Gutenberg with in works Project of or and liability cause or from and agreement with trademark unenforceability F following . Information is about Defect work Project you any b Gutenberg Mission the free distribution new and aged the from computers electronic works legal production you fees electronic or any which , this of distribution or of and will come was ensuring they Volunteers including Project or additions Section old , the , with efforts for generations Project efforts information Project at under granted and organized EIN or the Project by . permitted and contact your full - the identification Literary of laws is that works is its survive Foundation the carry form licensed out cannot and Literary upon is - public of outdated readable domain in is with the IRS important equipment is states all is are in exempt regulating maintaining uniform and . to including complying with to meet . particular To up SEND it donate requirements the determine considerable have received . requirements committed donations requirements charitable of status the donations keep state of and any . compliance of compliance . solicit offers of of donate . from cannot no from of know in , accepted from gutenberg of contributions of status or of against and United any outside Gutenberg shared of donations are concerning U Donations payments web are : visit please , donations we alone . was of with forty For Hart including methods check Gutenberg eBooks are are confirmed which . has PG , paper copyright Project printed in by protected . Thus main . Gutenberg new produce make This including how people . U Most , Foundation