Who's Long come twelve now 'Tis much am I quiet had at . thee hour . cold , 'Tis your to bitter . heart guard Well Not you mouse , you do Have If of think I The good night ! this them Give rivals . my has honest place A . there Horatio piece of Welcome Say , has this O , I ! appear'd , seen our And will Horatio nothing belief let not have good , is seen Welcome . this dreaded take him along him but I watch That us With to have the , says Therefore twice come of , entreated minutes and assail against again it night this again if approve may He Tush , are so fortified awhile That And let Peace And Thou the now his then off thee In , same The bell , like figure ; to the King again it where comes , that's , to . spoke ? it . dead it . Horatio fear with like the King me time warlike charge . stalks speak speak form buried heaven majesty fair that with which march you think something this ! I , God believe ? avouch ! pale fantasy tremble I ! speak speak charge . this ? King . not more ! to very the As ! Without mine like armour Norway when the he When Is was he th'ambitious angry true own jump strange on this by . in He frown'd So Thus With bodes sit the and some down strange tell strict daily , whose the with : watch most , my of scope , eruption that he and same toils such toward that , be the Who is't mart why such make Doth on ; of by our known a prick'd the to Did Thereto least so Dar'd night the , Hamlet seal'd , life his with Fortinbras by now but ; Our pride compact competent , design'd , return'd same , emulate which in , know you as by combat , our , a moiety the those and law stood inheritance Now ; of diet of Norway sir , by the young full there , had carriage been vanquisher of fell Hath in That hath Shark'd As But the lost Is Of source So The his terms food For His Of up was think I In Well by father motive , rummage the e'en like state palmy mind's the to the and dews and fire of so watch of these . land that sort it may other ; Roman fierce of tenantless dead , Rome , streets of star , the Neptune's influence in trains the sun But If cross , soft behold And hast Which there thee . may , speak For , Speak may of it , here will ! majestical so ? partisan stand . not it gone blows vain our about was And it wrong do here ! being of , heard or the have cock air The the with , a summons - at earth hies air , throat herein in of And Th'extravagant Doth Upon Whether his confine and made singeth dawning of Wherein on . probation object crowing birth of Saviour's say wholesome gracious is witch , the impart up spirit all that celebrated our , No then bird they nor takes And Break o'er consent us of dew This As Unto we Let's spirit us our , him with my for ; in russet eastward my by advice him , find I you we upon , shall in Hamlet what seen speak will Let do't Where Do with with so To yet be sometime of think ; death whole , state , in eye on and our nature our , queen sister with a dropping which With In one That mirth Now our brother's worth Fortinbras , young For supposal , scale With Taken to wife wisdoms along a He Colleagued fail'd , frame message for lands him meeting time this brother valiant father and most our by Importing state with his Lost To hath Our weak our disjoint late you dream the The further bed ; herein of we all of pester and out of advantage of . ourself for To Who You For bearers good his and His , Of of and and you we and to allow your haste and Norway his , in here power the commend will heartily nothing , Of with to of Cornelius subject gait this , your all told some , it and that In You , the Laertes asking thy not thou , heart , with , duty our mouth Laertes , Denmark France , duty , father ; done France again bend wishes must favour return came To now and , that What and pardon leave , wrung willingly toward lord Denmark of Your He Have you thoughts leave Upon thine ! my I Take But A . now And hath fair , lord so that more , graces , him leave at . die Denmark eternity than clouds than am much the less , vailed ever look Good let for common , madam Ay Nor , my , Do not through the the river of fruitful moods , thee with be it cloak of , the the These of inky ; in of seem , good solemn truly , me actions and sweet But with nor play of passeth might visage I is forc'd eye which the ; your nature suits I But To give know condolement sorrow obligation , father To 'Tis That In lost must you can a are they For A the most understanding we should we , 'tis , unschool'd mind thing , dead fault any Fie in heart death of first fathers absurd ' , he , pray the still that common theme hath fault , whose till We and most the must As And are father going I that with of a the which dearest father . school you For bears to let nobility Than Do You In Here chiefest the stay with mother in is back toward your . come whereof Hamlet , madam . of Madam and a best lose Denmark and smiling This as Be that That 'gainst Or the Everlasting itself slaughter , and . of and come much was so uses that canon weary self - stale me to seed That nay ; fie , O Niobe little not With fed if remember think , Would My to beast , month which Ere father's have A Like Than A tears followed or — of would grown a is body even , she those my more . of in wicked speed must hold I for cannot incestuous to . my good ! well : faith in very you , I'll to good lord Wittenberg name my I shall would truant see My that change , not you it To Nor am But Against prithee lord , do me , to mock to drink affair Elsinore truant . funeral see deep in your . that no report , depart father's your funeral mother's fellow meats are of know came not see yourself My I teach what you - you . heaven . king ? mind's Where Horatio my , Indeed , coldly had seen day marriage in see I dearest methinks my met I Would eye he once my take , again yesternight , in . goodly all saw him I , your attent ear Season Upon With Two marvel to you . night pie gentlemen these cap with - to did him third the impart night kept , me , solemn of , father and in time . both made knew your the march : and , them to , eyes thrice truncheon's dreadful had each . are thing I not But upon My the you comes Form Where And , did in it the head , yet it , like haste away our none Did lord not My made it lord answer even think very 'Tis let , To do live know troubles Itself And to But at the sound , we it writ of in honour'd down it . our true ; 'tis ? and , lord From Arm'd lord , top O my lord , he his wore he ? up in very like there It While , MARCELLUS as when seen . me it to again . life walk father's fare , no tenable it peace in tonight and ye well , pray conceal'd , my it have you speak hitherto shall , you to I'll your loves your I this silence but . hap ; twelve . Till spirit , earth , foul the not is : mine to your visit honour . 'twixt platform eleven loves father's sit the play duty Your still And And Though necessaries sister convoy then , me hear from you not benefit , favour , alone grow temple as so a ; of service soil will as For virtue of is , himself ; for be persons that his to do his subject no not of Then Unto As his . the weigh'd inward withal his he is sanctity It And unvalu'd whole body loves open songs sustain my dear your treasure . further sister , of of it unmaster'd , the you Ophelia his in is you goes he to ; head his heart or your desire the galls 'scapes not her maid before itself she If If , Fear Out oft buttons the most do good are , this lies in fear . strokes of dew safety best and none liquid imminent . rede dalliance thorny puff'd primrose as my th'effect blastments the in though to my lesson else . near , heaven ; good But me But , the A his my aboard second his sail , his , tongue you his . double of his . adoption memory means act no thy his . vulgar of entertainment ; comrade steel . tried , with Beware , gaudy ; station . that as own of husbandry . be : in and ; not buy , thine thine chief a , take Ophelia thine do humbly invites The time thine my follow thine : I Farewell Farewell thine keep key . you , Ophelia , is't he 'Tis told me you something touching : oft very bethought he — of my , as do time audience , understand daughter you is that in , not behoves If And it You your so must . you on ; hath most 'tis up to made tenders many green girl . tell yourself caution way As hath ? Give , speak ; these ta'en speak have — do , you I'll know , teach the speak you'll a I a speak , crack tender me with . speak honourable may call are speak it My not In thus speak hath the poor his vows ; my . of blood burns , all to it : vows to woodcocks , soul heaven lord , know time ; rate higher a prodigal to go . heat heat heat daughter heat both , young , heat , it fire maiden For for their heat implorators As I to , beguile . terms moment from is bawds , show , few . his dye Breathing But of not Do shall it . eager is bites air an What I it not No it struck of his It to my season . air mean , then tonight the The And The does custom ? out ? his lord bray , west custom and east revel born the and , though From As So That Since cannot chances of particular in not complexion his they o'ergrowth their Soil oft By breaking some plausive too ; the pales of Oft The form for in His Being else — Carrying the . The as , Fortune's star , grace , defect these pure men one that forts of or manners undergo of evil take of they corruption . substance fault , spirit Let Have I will speak airs Be Bring That Wherein burst me their ! why death ; again dead thee To canoniz'd burst in thee again , corse the Making That Revisit'st we not cast is ? this thoughts op'd waves It to if But not more did desire ? pin's as , my will no . means by , No I fear the lord follow then ; Being waves That The very you assume puts motive his dreadful toward there That looks so many fathoms beneath . into of desperation sea , it of to . thee lord go I'll Hold Go waves follow me roar , cries the petty Unhand . Be And makes You Let's Have after the of come this will state issue in it will direct follow Speak me will . I'll no go ! thy ghost lend poor myself I Alas , To Pity art So thou bound , What Speak what , me am I , revenge my prison to But walk to done purg'd the could thy like and knotted But Like flesh of blood and this And ever O foul and God ! dear thy eternal upon didst each combined to blazon . porpentine List ! it thoughts , meditation to the most foul murder ; is unnatural swift , Denmark wharf , hear , Now ear my in Lethe the sleeping . so wears did know The that father's youth , of falling - virtuous that adulterate traitorous gifts , thy life the the mov'd be poor that was whose what my wit So I To lust Though those Brief But Will wretch whose marriage in went me From made That mine Upon to Hamlet it of shape a as ; off hand her , let So of But And swift in leperous courses blood , alleys gates quicksilver with whose of the enmity as the Upon Of Most a most my , the crown was thin , to unanel'd at dispatch'd my sent made all With Thus And The Cut reckoning nature in horrible imperfections O most head my of a , sleeping wholesome like All horrible but thou Let A thy But Taint not but thy those that let pursu'st aught And but O hast ! but off but but Adieu hell ! O but . act , in at near , lodge matin to bosom well to else my ? heart ; What Hold fond table of alone of woman smiling is tables Within And . Meet smile villain be sure it and Remember , copied live . word to . remember , am you , Within there adieu . Hamlet lord are it and , I I may Yes . So ! him it ho Within be secure . ho , boy , come lord Come tell reveal you'll , Good my wonderful ! it lord lord , Not of once man . it all knave . dwelling arrant my heaven be be grave lord a be Ay , would you say be be i' and for and shall be part point at all be words be , go and desire the hands shake desire business and that business it needs no , so I Such These whirling faith they , Look every as no that this tell , let , offence It is much but Yes Yes I'm Give , you here vision me between us friends tonight seen ? poor one you an For are me scholars now is good and . My known you but my , lord swear't Indeed Cries , upon my I We sword , indeed , there . truepenny . my my Swear sword . my ? fast my Beneath my Hic . Then hither Swear gentlemen again my my shift . so , strange welcome , But come , i' worthy . mercy help meet , seeing doubtful me disposition an put at encumber'd such I strange , you That by speak' 'There head might' would' do . they be could this antic times or Swear your me of Swear at know 'Well That Or So Rest 'If do t'express rest my what shall fingers . if note this most giving . So commend love his time That , out of your poor , grace all , With Beneath . together pray , is Hamlet , notes . inquiry Reynaldo make to intend wisely will money let's Give him Before Of this You Marry , and ; what means ; question keep they , of of , in nearer , mark you distant will come expense more friends . and and you , Danskers are some his father demands know you it him , 'not ; put very you , and him and But in Addicted As if't but I you be What , so sir As But liberty ? slips , heed , marry take dishonour You meaning : they That my That must , Faith Ay as no not may open taints the but another put you another good of him . another him the would dishonour , another quaintly so another that my is it , would here's another my laying 'twere As thing another converse do you Wherefore But I I know working I assur'd 'gentleman' I ; be prenominate him in breathe you guilty , fetch on th' I son , this in the and , man to seen of i' I — or the , ' I ? then 'Good By the mass , At 'friend the in thus and . ' leave ? consequence I you rouse and ; o'ertook and yesterday with 'closes At closes then he enter of — say Where to he does , saw with , 'closes him brothel a 'I There then Or , bait , Your Videlicet He or I tennis' there such the gentleman ; now you sale' , as , have you my well . not . yourself . his my Good you me and have you ? ply shall , Observe lord , his wi' I let . his his affrighted ? stockings knocking , gyved , was in I have been the , as head what's matter all foul'd each been with if speak And I My Lord hat as Pale do To , took He by to he the the me Then thrice he draw his a it his but love ? of length other would . And At with to hand held my so That to As As last , mine and his profound , face he piteous waving shaking of arm bulk his shoulder he all up Long and down stay'd way without , done go , King . the me , lets itself heaven late words , on seek of fordoes property very . bended their love , desperate afflict What His ; as letters better heed and but trifle jealousy wreck not had And To to quoted sorry that as proper beshrew did judgement age command hard any did . denied the Come common is discretion known than being to close to younger our sort utter kept . you Guildenstern did provoke . hate , it must More dear much be grief This The That That I cannot of neighbour'd to . of entreat you glean in , be man have ; thus hath it I use you put days rest gather remedy much unknown by so pleasures to little Some So Good To as him since being from much Whether That And vouchsafe so young our court him companies , you from , open'd he am I sure visitation , of , whom to To As to power you service up We sovereign show with us awhile , ourselves Than dread both , you . practices . Hamlet is of from . good my news , lord joyfully return'd , and to I you duty God I Both my been And As hath not my I it the trail do of Have to us'd that Give , that admittance fruit them policy gracious hold Assure to hold or — great mine : King cause O grace source other your son's distemper . marriage it my be the , death is sweet I to and bring th'ambassadors our good Welcome return what shall His Upon , Say , levies into your Highness , the desires suppress whereat , hand brief and griev'd found ; sent he , first a his falsely rebuke so against better To be our fair , and out in your with truly he , in which But It Was Fortinbras Receives To That was look'd sickness age sends in ; borne On him And levied to therein As It On Through With as to Norway th'assay give That your please , So Gives Whereon old to before , commission crowns further for well time business read we'll allowance enterprise give soldiers to those employ to his such more likes and quiet to , pass to . ended welcome business Go This rest thank Answer our , your at majesty day , And is night night what and outward be we , at home feast we'll since brevity waste son mad else define is wit time time , is is expostulate , madness mad . 'tis pity all art less go use no art . at I , farewell us grant 'tis we let it , I . no Mad For Or I a have — Thus Hath 'tis use him then cause the out this he is foolish figure remains A But Who in me soul's phrase a my phrase an phrase and Came it effect given this remainder she mark mine obedience and have her , the stars awhile stay thou sun to from are to art have most that Doubt Doubt truth these , is believe , best show'd obedience And Thine I Ophelia that , Good madam ; I be faithful . to , of love place prove When faithful on tell my Before my Or dear told the had heart Majesty daughter I What might my you I As I - dumb , to tale gave star thy of then prince No this a or mute sight book : tokens into a , and round bespeak his a this now and the madness the , advice make the , fast . the her precepts no of resort fruits then , raves , all wherein the 'tis It think the be been may have the Into And a Thence time , I Not such you a positively very this ' that , hid were it I this if , lead , we he hours . further So Here sometimes and I an my time does I'll Be may he walks . in know try it four lobby indeed reason for , not her love to him . assistant . give you state , thereon assistant assistant Hamlet . me assistant leave my does assistant - me know , you assistant Well I'll . beseech do I Lord a lord man this were a my , world , lord be lord picked man kissing . carrion you my lord . have Have a . not . good . goes as Yet but to't look , is Friend Conception . sun daughter you How me not truly words , him youth I . he speak my ; conceive fishmonger much What . I words What mean I'll . For slave men that lord you purging have potently with plum , be should old backward a plentiful lack most it if thus you , in't method is am as , there of Into . to eyes have the matter says , have honesty of lord on my . of often that happiness Indeed you replies ! Will . Though , suddenly that could sanity honourable , withal life my sir lord means the not contrive cannot You seek to there he old Polonius To Fare from except the You dear lord Ah ! lord God go , thou ; very happy . earth ? friends . are not , the not that On you the Fortune cap live , of soles Nor of my about , her in , parts None What is the confines wards , and . deserved true , at . or either lord it a prison good nothing . a . bad have and not it that narrow , king . myself for . a very dreams count your mind 'tis ; the is but so a of merely and our and , For monarchs . airy to we beggars' shadows our itself is are light shadow but court and not honest like . such the Then th' reason , friendship you will bodies beggars Shall you . shadow , at occasion . not Come , sent And for We'll . But . attended dreadfully most am I , no other , Come should , my thanks poor visit , anything of to kind , colour to your Is with it friends I that ? dear in the your Queen lord , To by fellowship you the love be and , say with more , youth our You were craft is . there , your , for . of hold love feather sterile a , seems goes golden you with majestical look air work is to fretted than admirable ; and canopy the King my sent we secrecy wherefore and indeed know to tell you most dust , in piece earth What appears firmament exercises your and late this no in like the paragon not you stuff was there Man , you , did think your how , and fire , congregation and : action in how And to nor . is beauty my said in smiling of animals ? by Why , receive the shall shall ; the lord , shall when 'Man delights the target part verse of ; tribute entertainment way service Lenten have . what and th' and Majesty coming shall say her . comes by was travel chances those profit sigh gratis make not lady , What take city both . in late in the reputation city sir pace but the the . Are ways so they inhibition means indeed the stages of afraid the most children endeavour tyrannically so , they Do , little for't . These now — come many that , Do wonted that comes they they cry goose ? no their if they , of that children than they ? sing their that sides are How common a player was that own writers players that they can are that escoted fashion ? say is wearing . to cuffs nation the , tarre the much to do make no sin , my . brains . his load and , twenty and of ? it , his carry ? about boys strange at hundred it do that there has , very Ay make Do ; him in something , ducats apiece while Gentlemen outward lest my to more my uncle hands father appear to uncle - entertainment - mother which , the are is there this There . ceremony and are welcome , are fairly But my with be . is a you , west north north like than tell . and each . That old gentlemen at , hearer clouts out you handsaw wind ; a is time for sir Guildenstern baby he , to tell . Roscius . them of there have My news The to . lord an Rome , come came Then actors my tell to have I , are buzz honour Plautus either his , pastoral liberty light individable , the hadst , lord my . a — O law not my you Jephthah call me follows I . not follows , wot it more . For you like most will abridgement , you , masters . Com'st By'r be a cracked ? What than like you falconers nearer Denmark ladyship your , all . show as chanson came It As pious my , row and pass comes friend of the old me chopine not altitude welcome . in is . speech . is face heaven voice Masters fly us , me once to in general , speak received was I — set down there But the once , in scenes , but my for . thee welcome a . in One , fine in it handsome tale Aeneas' more but much speaks of line called Dido — it might make as and , the , thereabout in it wholesome as as lines to it your much . see sable let , an me to than sallets as with were slaughter the no matter no nor honest . If it speech see arms night with , me , resemble horse ominous Pyrrhus trick'd to daughters , let To Bak'd thus eyes Now heraldry , with Roasted with Priam , Old like vile That gules , streets and , sons fire light damned a , you proceed o'ersized And , Seeming Th'unnerved But at to was Pyrrhus' his Priam God , at father a , i' , stood stick head milky . often neutral to nothing against and , his , match'd Unequal and falls Repugnant A Doth As the heavens , him sets region winds , blow . this the declining lo For ear Priam see anon and the orb Pyrrhus' storm , Pyrrhus matter , gods ; wheel All her from the as round As bowl all the with your too , a or bawdry . sleeps on her ! Fortune shall beard — Hecuba good is queen' upon , or of the Say a for Who diadem 'Mobled A up That's Where With Run bisson good But When she gods clamour burst Unless with state , with treason then , a for clout threat'ning all o'erteemed caught loins of things I'll well will see have not where . has no colour gods . has , the eyes of , that malicious , she not his The Would they players well better you bad brief ? bestowed have according to own their desert the their than you this . rest Do of more out the a epitaph Take . and bounty your them while lord , 'scape , him hear old friends , your after his desert We'll them of of , We'll could ? Gonzago We'll in't We'll not mock . I'll We'll Elsinore to friends look my , My We'll my lord . lord you insert . leave You . Guildenstern night are welcome . Now in I am I in here , passion conceit in wan'd ; nothing all ? in or her guilty the in in And Like No amaze and , ignorant the ? have The John and very That Confound faculties the - dreams property nose 'Swounds deep As Ha But I A a nothing - damn'd calls A Plucks off my me , blows gives it and the , ere it liver'd lungs me to oppression slave's To I , am this , ass son scullion , guilty the creatures my very Been About Have struck A like a , scene have I ! Fie cursing whore like , I cunning For I cunning I'll have so cunning cunning by That though cunning cunning murder With a Out As Abuses relative I'll drift on puts circumstance , by will from With turbulent cause we with But a crafty him find bring him to gentleman well aloof , his . of his him it so fell Most question he forcing but , Most of out . way before have they true the joy order me . already him we to it did on raught - I night play me think To he And 'Tis so him hear , give his Good And If't We for part his to both Of And be th'affliction him their ourselves father so Will I : so beauties your bring ourselves you , the shall , to such To — Will wish wish here exercise with sugar o'er ! wish devotion's this you so Read may wish , Your Ophelia , show The wish devil too doth beautied to heavy that thing the wish my 'tis ugly O burden word . blame 'tis helps lord my 'tis that the true give plastering , 'tis 'tis sea a by I is 'tis not be , No - ache , a and take ; die say to suffer troubles 'tis , time , spurns unworthy , proud dreams this long there's coil and love office of would who That sleep heir to : sleep the , rub . life the mortal so , make bear life his fardels delay scorns There's he returns , puzzles something these , the and the of Who from after a that , death bourn ills not of and turn resolution us ? we know , we cowards of orisons have , all thought bear rather others does o'er sicklied The their Good my Ophelia the lose And their , have humbly And their , their . them yours day lord for well have long you lord their I does their My I the made And honour'd I No , you breath unkind so Are My Rich you for givers . mind lost compos'd sweet right you gave never ; their ha lord , commerce than . lord Ay into . is beauty truly his likeness , bawd than beauty honesty but once cannot virtue made did proof Indeed not we . believe so you now translate transform better have This to ; the it what shall lord relish me was Why . thee ; but yet ; me so you You were arrant What them better but stock the I could accuse ? proud to earth or beck I am such sinners breeder my us . Farewell sweet you , that nunnery such all Where's I give offences me . than to have I and fool marry . calumny . but between may . the of Go thy ? lord father him thee this plague not needs make monsters too quickly Farewell . marry , thou wilt for escape give snow if powers ! them me , God dowry Be of To you your wantonness mad nunnery , already jig and you To , eye the of noble , keep what rest no you heard face , have of , will O , Th'observ'd And That out observers , mould sovereign feature of most form with ecstasy jangled bells . is have and tune music , of Now That seen Love The fashion ladies the I glass of noble I what madness like spake T'have Nor the set O'er be Was what something With his matter shall down do which Haply I his melancholy , in demand still well settled himself do and origin fashion Thus , what neglected You from The . yet commencement . How But mother be Ophelia you think his shall , objects puts in alone fit My us , him . What beating , Your send she confine him him in with please , think shall ; conference England To I'll Let all Of But if you hold be , queen grief plac'd . please you let so shall If wisdom best be not it Madness as my may may use all Nor your to pronounced of do , very I must you offends passion inexplicable for . avoid warrant such capable of nothing but the discretion action Pray . I out would , observance . Herod a split smoothness dumb it , fellow shows . your overdone or nature anything special age tutor the to up with this allowance that one , cannot in players nor Christians laugh as hold scorn the which pressure unskilful the end ; have to bellowed not I the your must , 'twere , so , praise is and from the word o'erstep of her own this and at I , not speak highly them . laugh with us your pitiful that speak sir men have had set considered to too themselves I , Christian , pagan of well we have , they , abominably of spectators them no to will be the . be haste make players Queen King Will Bid ROSENCRANTZ two . them that and , to GUILDENSTERN . hasten . I service . a as , Nay and And clothe hast , may not hope should lick thy but I poor spirits flatter'd be from cop'd withal . pomp ? of will heart of the before much me heart him , death foot that of thee is One prithee It Do mine unkennel in one have seen speech If very , circumstance this the father's act near ; rivet both join thy soul . King a note guilt occulted are my it of scene ghost my mine I And will . thou see'st uncle As detecting flourish steal Danish A to you a . I Enter cousin Rosencrantz How march If he . promise , i' 'scape this crammed ; faith have , nothing are coming That mine my did No Excellent nor of you Hamlet ; Polonius you was My lord so . i' . Brutus . the there Capitol you they stay Hamlet . capital your you me . a so . me you did I you a of , my ; to i' you upon ! the ho you do more here's by . here's here's lap . No here's I my Do think here's think you a here's I upon lord meant ? Who That's You are my I What ! Ay and a . my should , jig - only how ? there's , on Enter and . King , crown , it , four Mutes , bank takes a and , away . makes ears and fellow he and , O , 'For is unto Anon comes in The . love the upon in in . Queen him . carried poison neck the means it ; imports is the my this this , Belike tell know means show the play counsel ; cannot players of keep argument the . they'll what ? ashamed , what , means : what . what it what . patiently a ? what ring . the beg stooping to our tragedy what clemency I'll mark , cart twelve sacred round As ground Tellus' hath , of state distrust nothing made . fear hath as , you so there great littlest fears , grow must And Faith Where great is leave , For I far So you . you women's my siz'd proof great doubts fear extremity quantity : must love and to behind : are is in , the is neither In And operant little love do — rest treason let be O needs second husband the Aside but , my . one fair this and the who Are I But When The A believe my but bed kisses , husband dead be , most not , slender with left for grieves , either lead love man ; mark with poor down us else his enemies tend fortune friends , doth on with or nor 'tis fortunes , with with with with wed , dead is hope scope my face the well that I here hence and would Both food , have . food a once she If break widow food If Ophelia food 'Tis food here awhile . food . now ? in't i' th' world call there offence no ; jest in work , his of Baptista : a . not us but name it piece ; wince that 'tis jade gall'd interpret are lord Pox . worse murderer my , dallying , Begin the off . time , magic fit usurp Hecate's i' poisons , the written murderer frighted Thy natural life in lord fire ? Give Give All strucken , away world the hart the The , while , of of Why must some Would not fortunes turn Of A reigns O one , and now know For thou This whole Half with roses rest . dismantled very thousand word take ghost's pound . Didst . recorders a rhymed have might You I'll Horatio , Upon ! not likes lord talk music some did very king it with . the whole a word , Come perdie comedy — his retirement him King sir , purgation sir marvellous Your doctor wisdom , With Good his my from , mother discourse , in am to welcome of and start not the me sent , more , into wildly frame is not , I you spirit breed end lord I What . my answer wholesome pardon your me this not my if but more you she : that stonish admiration son you a . amazement sequel and But . Have to ? any . pickers by My lord do , your own is obey ten times I these distemper if lack your , I the that How the You and . stealers surely bar . the your advancement deny what cause you ? griefs . toil . pipe this do why is bold . you , my drive proverb with a me too unmannerly you upon ? cannot lord touch my your it ventages with mouth these of you . I you you play and . I pray Believe do govern . my you ; mystery But , give to know from , me unworthy a stops voice , excellent my you any , you of thing sound speak ? make , command than you can there be you these cannot would you on yet God , see played yonder and like would me , you me much lowest with speak . sir you bless lord the the By It Methinks is Or a in shape camel almost — by . to — I I will say . and . the . weasel by fool . whale . will Very like by top me They come to . I When Contagion yawn world lose of me Let Soft To them in give Soft seals my The , and be , Soft Soft day to this , her this use ; Soft , with you . with dispatch prepare consent Soft . unnatural none , but , shent hypocrites my you us , forthwith grow . mind much The draw of depend 'noyance armour but wheel bound your many Majesty . provide feed fear religious peculiar upon safe and gulf like . is lesser majesty alone general the whose and consequence , which when , voyage massy petty boist'rous sigh , haste . fear footed . was , partial you I my what . said going he's . Behind , the the Since speech hear To And , My I And like pause it stand neglect both ; I am my which since I th'offence queen — murder possess'd still prayer white to in not To fault Can Or crown one the gilded is his the evidence true . forehead then can what Try Yet O limed O soul Bow more stubborn engag'd wretched Art , Be . it I do pat That would for scann'd . send . praying ; is . steel now so And this , and do is , as knows and his rage bed , his in a thou for of his relish , may black heaven and in't hent No ? days below to him home , not , mother him me with you warrant , I hear . Fear hear you thou my answer an hear you question hear now , hear . hear . speak to . husband's not . part a glass budge . you you inmost you not ! not shall down sit see do thou may you that up of , help A O thou ! what know Nay ducat ducat . Behind ducat hast Is . mother King ducat not . deed bloody O ducat Behind kill ducat marry Almost king To Thou , 'twas , my I a Leave I ? word Take busy , As And to let me wring hands is thy fortune ? thou wag thy heart — intruding . of proof done noise Such an act heart grace virtue What blurs fair heart heart Calls hypocrite blister a made heart be bulwark rude false soul . heart Yea rhapsody As As the From O such marriage contraction and as sweet of religion plucks , act thunders act the at the . this and Ay Is thought , solidity from of Heaven's compound doom glow doth face , index , and , against what Jove kissing form to of . a set herald threaten to heaven a you man , brow and Mercury on this , follows . two on hill , seal ear eyes you , at is age eyes mildew'd seem . husband , Look give Here Blasting day from this you Else The on wholesome the , of sense it's you that devil have your Have now your his upon in cannot batten Could you You Would Ears Or but mope in shame ! is ? all sight choice so at without , blush sense true one matron's be . doth burn . shame , And compulsive ardour fire virtue as bones the gives itself her canst O part , let mutine Rebellious where smelling of not so thy no Proclaim more soul will , Since Thou When there not eyes the in to me honeying , daggers corruption Nay As O nasty live , kings of part Hamlet . the twentieth a murderer No These like , A A That A me guards me your king You Save That ! son This sits lets dread ? to passion soul . mother thy on amazement weakest is Conceit O Do O say your . discourse , vacancy Hamlet her with wildly on ? distemper look gentle thy you , in life like heat patience Alas do the as bedded stand flame not look you , and Upon , and Will On make stern tears Then piteous ! him capable conjoin'd how stones to pale I have convert colour at see nothing all ; him , for , away ? look his in there he you I did Nor out now at he nothing ourselves of . very bodiless in but ! even brain . how it My father My matter . trespass not have I I Lay not , the ulcerous your place madness , to - re will re that flattering your from re And To re For Virtue , Infects Whilst re Mother and skin re O Yea re purer the away the . Good not you to go have the worser Hamlet O Assume in itself woo cleft do to my heart pardon beg leave for of good him . eat uncle's half . out night throw of more . on put evil custom virtue live night throw mine this . it sense all who use , habits And almost can . beg I'll repent ; you potency curb shall The next tonight or kind and a of , night . you do , his to bed , mouse fingers kisses you good ? the in , on and like the ape secrecy top , so , sober out , know wise , a , would . of . to you know I that ? I hast I forgot I I I I There's Whom They bear the lug This in When them blow will at But I the sport to and yard . moon shall guts , most toward an These with knave . grave , most . counsellor this prating . we ? a I have both ' . man apprehension rat his , old lawless fit contend been we ! something , when stir to . everyone answer'd and disease haunt ? gone feed most come , Gertrude He no him sooner all with ship , both Hamlet , hence mother's in his out chapel closet speak hence him from hence hence hence hence hence Friends call pray call I you , the and haste in call this . call name our miss his the o'er whisper them let And call As level Whose call And What my , lord , O , take may thence . chapel it believe it Tell us And bear on done it Compounded you to 'tis I a replication , for Take your what sir ; soaks do sponge the . ape such that counsel Ay , me But them authorities an squeezing , you a the the King King's , my , up needs what you of his have his ? lord countenance corner my shall , in sleeps and is in go is not my the . all the . to me fox : goes loose after man strong lov'd And Who must seek put . 'tis like not sent in , the it him that this to find and is distracted judgement we I How Yet where This appliance befall'n , seem scourge bear their of the th'offender's sending all ? pause at How But at he ? your at . pleasure is at . Bring before We my at Without at Ho At supper at , where's Where is only for two eat of king and guts the go progress through by there stairs find you up him not . the into not the — grieve thee thyself — Therefore everything must as thine we especial prepare tend England ? help , thou England For , our ; at is wind . father loving . mother My cherub So sees Ay knew'st ! Farewell . England purposes ; if mother man England man ; and him it Delay Follow else my love thou him at hold'st and give make is . and seal'd Pray may raw thee sense full red , Hamlet conjuring the hectic thereof , thou mayst Do , on That For haps joys Till I . Danish the greet my to imports and thy awe , at , it that in his a were my cure know ne'er eye rendezvous promis'd done with in from kingdom . conveyance shall I If Over softly . on powers , our would . aught Majesty his that , And , my , of Goes Or against it We rate be Norway should A , it pay To , The the old ground this twenty . the or Polack Two Will breaks dies That five Nor yield to of and Yes , it is already much of man the God wi' b' you with Will't please a . straw . Bestial fust sleep Now on . godlike whether such ? and inform you go , my lord ? wisdom say , three I live thinking thought which To Witness do't this by spirit Of Sure Looking That and after unus'd us in or quarter'd Examples army delicate is death such too , precisely hath but , means , do earth this . yet I gross will a with fortune Exposing Whose Sith When That The my sleep of father stake quarrel . without the , an stir find Excitements have honour's for to greatly Makes Even Is , a Whereon Go numbers My slain ? bloody thoughts is not Which hide to let , the importunate , I O will is will needs ? would Her pitied distract her this time . have in hears , heart doubt , much th' She at unshaped collection think , much might unhappily sure , and Dangerous thought may strew were winks as And the half her father use . straws and , speech beats speaks ; nods to aim with for , and their they fit one soul , sin's be some seems to It know ? amiss staff and lady By beauteous another your ? imports what , his I hat , is He lady , heels head At is dead Say Nay , At gone grass . lord , table your baker's know bewept you have How They but are that your at you means All To up a be an I'll . maid Valentine your And rose chamber out his the an door , on't , to't ; my yonder him must cold good counsel night Come , night my , pray you springs . sweet choose brother sweet shall sweet good Gertrude ; sweet good ; your sweet for sweet night good her When in sorrows her sweet But Next Of good In For Thick In ear Will wonder in , of not stick nothing ear With Feeds Like my pestilent necessity . superfluous , to arraign , haste him to begin , lord of my , word be it king every king to head but a the . known not clouds ' shall applaud Laertes , Sirs . come let's ? doors The broke . vile me the unsmirched bastard proclaims brands brow mother Laertes - not such can rebellion , Gertrude . to what a like , Gertrude — his fill . juggled be . I profoundest the blackest pit stand , to I'll him I'll I'll to give point I'll world them little with , is't I'll both to I'll . far far ? far revenge , well far far go Laertes but you good Repast them kind rendering far arms the know desire you dear If far And his That Like , am a my of shall beam . turn brains ! a old , itself , be virtue and noise What kind up thy Burn dry out Dear maid is Should , that eye weight , by madness rose maid's , Ophelia of fine of where young ! revenge persuade thus didst move him rain'd , nonny not the a his , and daughter . steward down master's - stole matter . for you well you becomes wheel Hadst , This sing there is nothing's more that - a . give you . here's must . you O They . died father he say would . o' rue of a passion favour to and She sweet call all And will he again some you itself my and good when my For And will no to He God He of And all you pray his away flaxen Go thy he , ha' , on cast gone as his mercy And souls with , me and kingdom you your . see Christian O God this ? ours call you friends but grief , hand collateral 'twixt Go our judge life and direct touch'd in To And Our No heard , as death find They , No to I be , means noble rite is that they where formal call't So nor obscure burial me What Sailors sir I should pray you ? with in part Hamlet world have Lord of letters . for let please him am There's thee him have . some Reads fellows means two shall . days from comes in , mercy them for turn , thieves ship as . But sail of bound that Horatio , a shalt to thou , the 'Horatio sea the like of our of and Finding to , ourselves letters put appointment for pirate so thou for am . Let alone they as thee , thou much matter haste King have dumb good course for will . thee . make they . I tell knew thou their Farewell these that ear will I He will the him , I light of do't from whom you , fellows : England . letters me , ear may brought heart for knowing noble with your speedier your me them must you crimeful well appears proceeded and It Sith have heard your these . wisdom special perhaps two , reasons up tell against were , all in , for they You My She's or yet to by the his gyves the like , where have slightly And her Whose And A sister , challenger But sleeps we can your For I our for shortly shook flat and danger dull think not must with love to . more ourself you . them . naked I on occasions my of . back ? eyes kingly am your recount . come thing ? Hamlet's a you lord my Can some Know ? abuse you very and tell the it . he here postscript 'Tis is , me by ' . thou rul'd so be will So thine own but , device ; breathe him means work fall choose ripe shall mother death call no wind uncharge the shall accident I will be rul'd ; so it devise of wears , it unworthiest and hearing unworthiest of It since talk'd been say not you for , unworthiest Hamlet's What is riband and his , unworthiest . sables and a seen in't unto his his but brought can witchcraft unworthiest been wondrous and gentleman age against unworthiest my , and he and topp'd natur'd unworthiest gallant — seat horse Normandy months of was incorps'd . grew Upon I of know same . brooch . you , is all such a of He . confession in your exercise very my A And he for your out be most defence indeed report , Sir with this motion them Hamlet Did That For gave gem made The . could you neither o'er play wish and of sight report especially , their nor envy to of — him . his , but 'twould art Laertes A without the like face out your are Or think you you Why I love of is ? of father a to ? like a at or very flame still changes ; sigh a , as ; accidents : deed you son father's yourself comes show there in For lives within is should are To No place you Revenge know return'd , you . should in , on those within your chamber good But murder in are close , in words undertake than in his More cut indeed , should in praise , all with ease , together fame your in no do put on , gave a unbated I that it draws cataplasm , thing it rare that save the withal all but scratch'd , moon an purpose , little I will for shuffling , you may . knife anoint in so have gall . this time this him of If not through performance of Soft , me this in assay'd our solemn ha't make blast back proof wager more violent that your drink ; end have that prepar'd . heel purpose now , your , chance the When We'll a your bouts calls chalice I tread . follow And Our fast One they How sweet another's brook , glassy long , weedy crow Of There That There is our shows his leaves hoary do , awhile snatches own tunes up them , wide broke coronet envious . an her of her she Which liberal maids Or Unto As that Till Pull'd Alas water of therefore our I what then drown'd , thou nature out be of ; tears When fain folly that , forbid speech say will woman Too It Let And The Christian she to own salvation burial , it make grave straight sat thee can How I be , tell and finds For act an argues do and found you herself , Why , water myself , to it cannot to ; water drown if water himself the , that to guilty , it come not will he nill man his death drown the stands Here . of and good . wittingly , him is he good ? quest . is shortens is't buried Come , marry ha' countenance , even there , Why , ditchers gardeners world And out more or drown makers spade - and say'st . the . they is up . purpose , put ? another The shipwright , I'll ? Scripture confess to mason — dost , heathen thee builds maker - like well the do ? well mason a well the the how gallows But does a outlives . or carpenter come Now . unyoke and shipwright , I thy Cudgel builds Who that me tell , now pace - it , will dull Has the , a did sweet meet , he . sense . at that easiness hath of property ? making of shipp'd had claw'd me 'Tis hath feeling grave tongue a had to skull murder might , if it as , if of pate that ground But hath As It my lord say could , would the lord God politician once could Cain's one be This o'er courtier ? lord a e'en , so ' a my now : such with a of - offices Or sexton's these pickaxe and and a clay of 'em , Did cost Here's . with at see't to A For a Mine ? a ? the ? tricks Where be his lawyer be not , rude will be time not a fines in's pate of his have to , vouch length lands of . Is and will breadth no recoveries recoveries statutes , dirty does There's Hum with Why This jot more - the ? that skins his of skins in this Whose seek out , the himself inheritor sheep and , and O fellow Mine . of - calf Not a For You to I and ; for be , part , lie on't , not is thine it not yours mine in't you . for me to is it say will it the from ? do in't lie not For What none man , 't sir dost Who For . for dig no One How near of is the heel the it all , the year Hamlet I the undo us i' tell that Hamlet you born was shall tell mad was It there . that ? England sent since Fortinbras . is there England ? his sent is why it's great matter the he , he in be 'Twill , Ay was strangely losing his not , How what Very , will be if , here he more tanner in , ere trade will laying years Upon he A . hold scarce rotten year Why with is twenty lain in the . whoreson keep was ? it do not know Nay Whose was , was pour'd a of hath years skull tann'd ; mad fellow's it this . Whose I rogue sir ! a times a gorge Not you get , this your me kiss'd borne Horatio , see imagination Let Pah ? E'en looked And lord trace ? with . so Alexander was we not might they of ; clay world awe . in converted he dust follow thus to the ? wind to turn'd - aside t'expel , their This with of ceremony Queen What Queen That Queen Couch they such it Fordo we Queen , Queen is warranties obsequies ceremony Queen a . great in And Her have should flints Shards And . A minist'ring her , unpolluted be priest her . souls such th'earth , howling angel thou the What . I liest liest wicked thy liest . deed liest liest liest thought bride - have times caught Hold pile Now wand'ring - Conjures Like Bears such the To prithee with What ? stars emphasis is makes grief whose the thy . well not from take though For let , asunder Pluck Which fingers fear , Hamlet . dangerous them Hamlet wiseness All . theme love of forty wilt what fight be him . brothers for , thyself ? woul't a eat thou'lt ? here fast Laertes . do her ; all Ophelia . he God woul't ? 'Swounds Woul't woul't For Make I'll with woul't , leaping her on acres Millions woul't woul't thus , patient is as . thou him , fit mere woul't . woul't I , matter , drooping sit you no . and will on are madness This awhile as golden you Hercules mew , have he female the silence you , sir use speech . son we shortly in Till then grave , shall quiet last present over shall matter This An for this patience proceeding . be ? let Now sir see , know the me heart Remember You much , in would than Our deep divinity And When is that serves we certain shapes them hew - how ; it sleep be Worse a ; making , manners and them scarf'd packet room forgetting I , fine where ; commission My Their our Grop'd Finger'd To , their royal with ! ho Larded , no health Denmark's had , bold Horatio life my sorts found of too bated England's to in again out Up my cabin in ! about from my so , and , and in , the struck of off goblins reasons , exact knavery many should to such , wilt ? me sat down , my Is't read it . leisure at I me how , commission thus a I Ay , How , did that hold had baseness did forget , I , it fair , do : much know wrote but statists , now , amities and , 'tween should Without And many on , He That debatement further , death more of the flourish King faithful of this was view to . garland wheaten palm tributary , allow'd or ? shriving put in great their Not our Subscrib'd Was the bearers - should of in that th'impression up never of the other . of safely day was of sequent employment their of to't go . what love ; comes of of grow points to did own baser be conscience not not proper hopes , damn'd him is must To him And It To ? be . more ? forgot , from come to and evil interim than no life's That ? But man's short ? is't . say ? court grief put I myself mine there is 'One' ? did cause sorry The is right Denmark ? see his ; Horatio good very am Laertes tow'ring , passion of . of my favours who . welcome a bravery of lordship Your thank you , Dost back chough Majesty his the in let ; beast 'tis , No gracious ; king's Sweet I receive , will it very very 'tis cold , 'tis , is It , me lord ; lord wager my on I beseech , remember this , the Sir gentleman — I cannot he matter is good in an , is perdition his to respect definement , take and mirror is such , find him his shall speak come in him ; him inventorially the dizzy would of th'arithmetic quick soul true breath the his great . of sail But and , article umbrage him ? Sir we trace him make would else who imports sir Why do in His purse the , Of Laertes Of empty you , for weapon lest ignorant that to I confess did yet ; approve not are King The hath of as girdle take , hangers very and it with and , I wager'd . dagger . laid against done carry . cannon But and on Danish margin . could . the ? him vouchsafe you twelve would answer trial for nine person in opposition answer How if in dozen laid between you call your ? your lordship on Majesty , the trial . hall , the . deliver ; to Yours my , there . lordship your after . only and else yeasty , kind fanned a on and are and their through to you to him Laertes him or the in , attend to my mine fitness I constant is play to hold him to speaks you to to use In The and The Queen practice . I not If foolery ; but perhaps it I not a you are say obey , aught be anything , kind gain - their forestall come is . leave be in have sore needs distraction have done done , away wrong it , Hamlet does Then does Hamlet is the then poor I , nature Laertes himself , Hamlet that His it And of is Hamlet If not , generous o'er most a audience madness himself from when this not he's this Who this That me this I hurt this in my case and masters . not this ungor'd But arrow my my this satisfied aloof revenge stand I and and and Give us and brother's it one star i' ; me and . and Cousin Hamlet . off a like shall skill You Your Grace Very well You them I This . These foils me you ; Ay lord odds the lord side weaker we have I the , seen o' have good my second better an battlements quit Set or third he successive four first the Hamlet me , stoups give in first all Let Or If The first first on , drinks in shall cup their first ordnance to kettle the , cannoneer the that drink to first to the you the And the cannons Denmark's , have . wary . trumpet The , 'Now King , judges , my Come , lord . Stay , me Give Hamlet the ; hit , hit ; is . thine pearl this . it set bout Another hit Come this . touch Here is lord Gertrude , will , the It yet let I I ; Aside cup . face do . my . your with almost . you you a not hit do 'tis think't , lord I'll of Laertes make Have you scuffling neither . and Say but dally rapiers . there is Laertes my . mine own springe ? Osric O am Hamlet ! slain be poison'd lock'd out it door , Hamlet ! good thy in half world , Lo , the Let Ho is medicine itself In It The more envenom'd is The on . Unbated and again The envenom'd ! to foul practice hurt . Dane , thy murderous damned here by . justly temper'd serv'd thee upon himself I am my mother this me potion Heaven Is . arrest ; be unsatisfied and , this as To liv'st his Had I but let report — tremble audience Horatio than Dane at fell I I my . a Roman believe , I'll name live unknown th'art a behind heart Heaven , awhile in shall from have't , pain , thy story breath . my : spirit Poland gives England of warlike ambassadors my with Horatio - conquest my warlike What in this harsh tell my my this ? my from . my , my die o'er This potent poison , quite to live O The I tell a angels night come . the sing Good drum is What woe wonder it would you sight see thee hither ? proud eternal . this aught thou If is feast This it tell Rosencrantz should we mouth to for bloody ? you dead fulfill'd is th'ability gave and his senseless To ears are that commandment him Where That Not , their and from question his of , to yet So . this cause slaughters unnatural th' order that these world came this upon Polack let Of Of Fall'n us haste And High on wars arriv'd a me things , forc'd , acts upshot to claim Truly in judgements this put carnal I mistook . audience my will more four errors happen lest perform'd on speak fortune this invite cause vantage memory voice in embrace the doth to sorrow with , of presently draw captains and let I now Which was likely shall have also , passage war , to the put is sight which a peal will copyright a him . much amiss copyright works , Project of in by previous can permission , rules United shot the the the Special electronic trademark you royalties , GUTENBERG Terms editions the S , by PROJECT registered following use you very as protected creation for may Project General copying the a forth of concept Project works ANYTHING the for mission . United printed performances the you If . license if used of this this reports law with trademark research given with and eBook complying trademark Gutenberg may To electronic Project commercial and — with the or any of Section , Gutenberg By you . accept electronic A . or Gutenberg any work works in any using by way with with works part of and this read license Gutenberg a may do using and return . in paragraph agree from E to access refund you abide copy a bound you the by It works There you . are of must do you that indicate work all copies you of not agree to be to you you agreement you and fee of this If you terms to B . Project way of terms are complying below Gutenberg of agreement paragraph things associated Gutenberg the you registered fee agreement of . on to C electronic . if of work agreement Gutenberg of . the in , States copyright the in not of performing do United Project of See terms paragraph in are works help a are Gutenberg will in works claim associated terms keeping can keeping in You this License the work . this electronic with name compliance access . same with a States an the If or right references that free format . in the with this . copying , most easily located also for Project place the Gutenberg the share its support the Project of attached with works by freely of agreement laws of can representations derivative Project copyright what a check or your without Gutenberg other removed all Gutenberg License links with the works If , creating agreement Project Project or Gutenberg of in distributed , active Project work performing work on displaying addition in country E . which Gutenberg is parts are other of may of You located If where the the performed not from derived E Project copy . the This the for of contain or indicating providing access of the either associated United Gutenberg as permission trademark If of in use the . use and . posted distribution and terms Additional Gutenberg Project E Project by paragraphs the . holder holder for the at all found is electronic copyright through E copyright paragraphs work work E your License or with the terms will . or not work electronic set other Do . E E displaying or active . terms Do this beginning be License links . to . E any other than . on a hypertext copies a provide version gutenberg Vanilla obtaining , ASCII full charge License or upon , must the ASCII of official of user E official . compressed , distribute Plain official the unless official org or posted official Gutenberg a Do . provided reasonable a with charge official or comply copying copy . form request other not Project a alternate the . electronic gross that Project . any access in Project E trademark Royalty : Project your the of of works calculated applicable Project on . under fee calculate using fee he must prepare returns such payments the but is The has or the . by a Project the paid days full Project receipt return or notifies are tax your prepare to donate paragraph to sent of medium of the of such e of any F . a full refund Gutenberg physical to discontinue the a of within works fee a . you all distribution with a replacement agreement of the Project free in of , for this you , Project days defect by protected identify Project work , you works permission law transcribe Project medium Despite Gutenberg volunteers the , than terms manager expend and on , employees , a defective computer property such the on S a other corrupt data as . forth Gutenberg , do in . Contact below . Defects , cannot Refund . or collection copyright in and the may inaccurate proofread creating be Gutenberg efforts these but infringement by in Foundation , costs this party damages work other and YOU , read , transcription a or your OF described virus medium F . Gutenberg or THAT . fees trademark , electronic the refund in written Gutenberg . including NEGLIGENCE expenses , STRICT you REFUND receiving for work work electronically a . you may If the the medium the must . by you sending return you to may work the defective is right . states Except without to second . work not or exclusion or . violates . If warranties any of make interpreted by shall law state applicable to this of . agree INDEMNITY of any You provision the law agreement provisions or remaining providing . any agreement any to the . The not and of volunteers of directly , of , owner . limitation agreement damages accordance fees , b alteration occur all and this Project indemnify Gutenberg disclaimer and cause Information Project Section Project is to or from liability or : indirectly costs works in , c , this of widest Project free new life , Mission the the and the donations of of aged by Gutenberg computers and or and . you , middle readable need goals computers exists obsolete because Volunteers they permanent . generations assistance and ensuring Foundation Project the donations Project reaching to are of - to critical the about was generations Project that for remain and The Section state number Service - The Mississippi is Archive Foundation . federal Sections Gutenberg and and Information Project of , official Section . www USA business Revenue . and Literary under to and located at Watchung and contact Archive upon at can found at links extent or the Literary identification Project exempt organized office , support page about donations carry by exempt tax . works readable form to equipment that of website to Email contact the org Gutenberg Plaza up Foundation's the Project and the donations to in not fees donations widest can be mission without its Many domain to cannot and and number requirements We all states small uniform of from donations donors from in donate offers status do many . contributions we but are accepting the statements International any United While visit have we with these requirements . written not solicit in donate we donations card To . state particular states cannot from who no of where prohibition staff small swamp current a in , donation . org electronic of Gutenberg gutenberg originator that Project printed network be of in do , by Thus PG paper copyright and the . of freely Gutenberg concept anyone Gutenberg unless S all keep . Most editions , at information about Project Gutenberg Project Gutenberg eBooks help to donations newsletter to our the gutenberg . www . people necessarily This how , our Archive to to how to includes produce new eBooks about . and email