Long Who's there King yourself . Stand come You 'Tis . most ! carefully hour , sick thanks He now this had Have mouse . 'Tis relief I I The think hath Give you hear to good soldier . there of is good good , Horatio A Say what Holla my Barnardo Welcome tonight . this has , Welcome . I dreaded approve our eyes , tush may us That the come speak of and 'twill again assail our against awhile , your . seen , story , from have ears . Where Had yond his King it Mark to , fear and wonder comes it where Look . the , that's Horatio . warlike buried Denmark charge majesty it , is offended . I I charge . speak . night speak ! thee heaven ! stalks thee away ! How ! See speak speak ! gone now ! not ! this think Without ! Thus twice With When stalk martial in an combated he thyself , dead , most and and strange and jump at gone . observant me to strict scope my our , from labourer me haste day knows that brazen I can this sweaty - the least At Why Does Who Was the as Whose That but know you divide joint prick'd combat and , a , the those a , which , side by to most goes by can Fortinbras known our in appear'd now on ratified seiz'd by Was been inheritance of had , lands ; Fortinbras , here , young , appear in't stomach doth As Shark'd Hath Of food That terms to skirts Norway , So Had And carriage vanquisher full , which our preparations and in and our head land the it , figure these question the our no our - be through may it of source The Is And motive . of unto by those of , strong , streets of portentous this to A The As in trains gibber and it A Did graves mote In squeak and stood ; and empire with precurse fierce dews Rome so the tenantless armed was the the fates on of high palmy , stands heaven doomsday . blood of in ! again comes Stay use . or me where and , it it blast me , illusion events country's in may thou happily privy Speak thee thou , be there If which if , you , and , walk ! life me fate , thy say they here ! my partisan . stand here it Do Shall Stop 'Tis being our as show the , cock the speak vain is offer And was about Upon And Doth Awake Whether This present erring the made of that is the . cock . comes stir planets to time charm . power the dare then in and , heard I look , the of , seen eastward upon we so , witch no , are nights then The of bird , and do mantle hill , life my my tonight will , shall in , Hamlet what dumb us impart , pray I , Do do't consent our fitting , and Hamlet Cornelius our discretion wisest so Yet bear To That The To be With Your this affair that along Now mirth , weighing ; wife in With Therefore Together sometime remembrance with Th'imperial Have With one , better Taken In , nor and have thanks death brother's worth . all proportions ; his The His Who , To impotent is his , and you of is lists further good Giving For You is is is Of and is full subject lose You now And You not your That told And The is the not be my . voice shall hand , Denmark have lord to to came thy the to coronation heart father France to more , mouth not , to , leave . go , will . than kind less on you , it Hamlet cousin I now . little , best hour , graces fair And am my thy A Not so Good Do not , look the lids . eternity to nature thy know'st Passing for thy in it through Ay seems it particular so If Why 'Tis Nor , customary nor Nor No the dejected of , shows indeed visage seem , black , the in of cloak breath good , river a in , mourning within truly forms that moods haviour , that actions are they can denote me and That you know trappings and these In must , sorrow obligation stubbornness unfortified understanding That For what we should Fie most , dead , who and for most with that back to , of love , remain our comfort you beseech , As You And Do In Our , chiefest the her , bend and courtier stay cheer , Let pray , impart retrograde For your intent take son , his . you dearest father : in Denmark to gentle in Denmark . a come Wittenberg madam reply . you and Madam fair ; today again melt , shall bruit shall the that clouds whereof of grace drinks tell away heaven thunder the heart ; Come cannon earthly Or Thaw and too - speaking King's on't grows That canon , me Oh stale self 'gainst Everlasting itself flesh , on grown would , thy Frailty and yet , were of . Why increase ; me With A By what That Hyperion not O have Than ! A beast salt the she , satyr ; she , poor or month God mourn'd on't hang woman mine discourse Why — no more body old , eyes her most Within month , Hercules O cannot speed to I most in unrighteous , But It is Would My break She married left , your ! see poor servant same that name friend good your I'll Sir my — with from I Horatio And what to am in , see faith even ? enemy good you . my sir own truant . Elsinore report you . depart . upon wedding . so say see thrift furnish Horatio , forth it to mock see , do think I I , had Or Would I coldly Indeed it , lord I , father ever him . marriage foe see Where In he Horatio was mind's man I met my I ; once , heaven in dearest in . a , was , My the My your for look lord King The your attent Season With , lord Upon my for till to an God's This hear of ear Saw deliver you . gentlemen , distill'd watch This , time , both made knew night to whilst surprised thrice solemn - them : with stately with not impart him eyes , they , to act of ; third deliver'd , kept they did . the in speak word ; father good like did , it up to But answer motion it true lord very 'Tis live And As at then we did I do To , Hold indeed , you MARCELLUS , my this sirs know tonight . me troubles . lord you . lord . toe , to up anger . beaver his , lord my countenance more . he frowningly very , his constantly I , than red fix'd Pale And Nay Most would , with His While It very moderate MARCELLUS one Very Longer , BARNARDO haste and beard no ? have A 'twill watch will I'll speak I it itself , all will should sight this I tenable , to me you hap you gape , hell . conceal'd your shall though noble you . tonight no honour . your in , ye twelve fare in come . in in . in in ; will night is my earth the My , And assistant is But you me embark'd soul : the All men's Farewell . deeds were . eyes , are give you . do from as the doubt hear , suppliance the trifling youth the and , fashion let Hold violet permanent For and The perfume it crescent Think more nature withal now And The thews no weigh'd For wide virtue The Whereof he saying ; to which and no withal act his his his what you your loss the Than If with It in credent your fits the the may He Unto therefore must yielding whole this says is that of Then and be choice his weigh give is your main heart or Ophelia To too , shot The it And or before not to moon disclos'd spring or . youth buttons and or infants 'scapes liquid galls canker she of keep , ear unmaster'd or or fear of are best itself wary And oft rebels or the strokes affection sister ; of . most in else this though to do brother keep safety , blastments to Show like steep some libertine rede . treads , be in then the primrose not me long my a But . father . here second Occasion puff'd not th'effect and path of dalliance and way pastors good good heart shall As Himself recks his my leave . with , There . stay'd here The I double O Look Be thou are these for memory tongue comes ; your grace but , hast thou familiar Give thy , dull in being soul a - do And Yet , thou Nor new each not man's thine , reserve purse ; each Of Grapple Those any unto every as thy can . steel . vulgar entertainment unfledg'd Of may beware with comrade voice . that true of a nor loses the France they But a oft borrower and dulls most in apparel of generous . and be the this leave season thine as night self itself the follow servants lord , to select a both husbandry friend . day any be lender all Farewell said you I must Thou invites Farewell and to have go . well . my ; What 'Tis in I hath , So What is't Given to Have that of 'Tis Marry me Ophelia please private told it be so of understand you is it way , been daughter must on bounteous of ; hath hath Of If not , perilous you call ; pay tenders I speak of many teach the what ! in his my you crack to have these think ; phrase . think yourself as me you'll not Which are not , you believe you Do Marry do Ay And hath almost all his honourable hath wind ; Tender for , go . go , with the true , more of tender catch prodigal do . extinct this is , woodcocks know . to to , heat at . that walk ; soul . I both making in , vows these how a presence time show brokers , you slander . and investments suits bawds this moment , terms your or with given dye like not Have better Breathing But mere implorators which be believe And that their are all leisure . lord Lord the Hamlet , shall I give As you I to a is air , Look any to't It No lacks , it not held I ? Indeed heard What it twelve I an now nipping and What doth - The Keeps The , wake tonight swaggering Rhenish thus out rouse upspring drum King does the spirit Wherein It this then to ? draws wont of is't Ay and his of . and takes bray custom a it Is And heavy - and drunkards They headed , addition the Soil traduc'd ; swinish other of and though indeed perform'd our , it Makes my in and , and oft pith From , though of pales down their for Or Since by By some mole of . observance and it at chances nature their So our us revel tax'd east in birth That As clepe it vicious cannot o'ergrowth manners that the , Nature's say some The our breaking , in particular , much some they in them guilty men noble fault general be or or , The form plausive the lord comes evil corruption take or the in I reason star censure . particular ; these of too Fortune's they man as infinite As His or Being else To health grace defect or , my The virtues Doth or , that all Look or of or call shape goblin heaven scandal Bring That own his , of royal will Be with Thou King Why Angels hell , we and the hideous horridly beyond ? Wherefore shake souls this the , thus thou Wherein burst Making It beckons cast their up glimpses again may moon of disposition with we fools in inurn'd mean our the complete , steel jaws our to it what some a Look with you you away did removed . means it waves more , alone with no by is why go To if It It do not will then soul courteous action But No What it tempt the flood , it ? do fear follow will not my it ; fee pin's itself follow into horrible form it the set a the assume summit . I'll what can other some his immortal thing Being It waves me you Or to toward of into it waves , I'll me beneath , there And rul'd Be makes Hold go shall ; petty the as you a on . fate As am I'll away — me nerve . not artery Unhand call'd this lion's me . thus fit not To desperate . to Go of with 'tis waxes ghost in . him I'll him thee obey . this will Heaven follow Nay Speak after wilt lead me go Denmark come ? direct the is Something will , My to Must I almost and thy . tormenting serious unfold lend poor Alas not up flames ghost I what , myself am revenge art So Speak To me , I when fast the shall , certain and burnt And What in done am confin'd secrets purg'd of could tell foul the a to day away lightest , am of to prison I night my soul like and locks word upon the tale combined Thy term fretful on O dear blazon to unfold father's spirit start hair knotted two to that But young end , father , stand part , as most of must blood this each To this O flesh If to know't to , and it is , foul I , most and ! thoughts revenge than ; on in duller Haste Revenge foul the me sweep As thou serpent Rankly stung out stir itself shouldst I A find foul strange that or so a ; Now the in apt my May , prophetic , hear . power uncle Mine With So 'Tis that , thou ! beast , have shameful — life father's noble death vow that won — his Ay gifts The wicked gifts Though of I it But court a , were the there queen lust , that wit me to wretch natural hand love gifts what that and most was dignity the traitorous gifts with , gifts virtuous seeming a marriage whose Upon gifts me of the , orchard afternoon uncle a vial my , be link'd bed blood distilment effect in such swift juice of as The The secure always soft Brief Upon my . I on in to though sate cursed the The into doth did within scent ! natural let Holds That With And I was life , like my sleeping disappointed once , my of vile and brother's ; head my . crust ; not , account unanel'd of a body sent to by With thou If Of Thus off No Cut Unhous'led even reckoning all ! horrible most bear and , of this thy to at near to the pale mind , shows in matin uneffectual me soul be fire ! Fare once ! lodge adieu adieu To A howsoever those - 'gins to ! while seat instant my else ! thee leave heaven , heart ? the Within , youth wipe I'll saws , But And shall , And and observation , copied pressures , villain down ! past , thee . records my Remember . villain a be and ! shall alone damned it my . heaven , I Within . Unmix'd , there , Meet villain most O It 'Adieu sure . That may HORATIO is , I one . At smile and smile be Now , may it am are . me . come my . remember MARCELLUS my , be So , boy Hillo is't , Within it ! lord ! wonderful bird , ho . man ? heart MARCELLUS . heaven by , Nor But HORATIO be of , heaven I you'll reveal ? lord grave the ; right i' , dwelling There's I hold own shall . villain To so You , as wild fit ghost For is ; and more needs sorry and business your it are Such Why ; desire my pray you offend business and and part — all you at shake , heartily there is , offence Saint no . this but offence Yes , Yes And For O'ermaster't I'm but Look friends me poor ghost Patrick , faith , honest your you to . here , tell between , now what that Touching know may you as As but known HORATIO lord I my not . will tonight have you My Nay seen not , swear't faith Nor Indeed have , indeed . lord my sworn my I my hear you in ? sword boy on the to swear the Art stage upon , Come Ha the oath ? Beneath by sword gentlemen Hic . sayst thou so heard . have . you sword my Swear your Come Propose And to speak of my sword shift that , upon ubique Beneath ! night , Well ! pioner and but remove help come , mercy meet . this And are strange before of in your antic an disposition I philosophy wondrous give earth welcome stranger as , head never Horatio . it more heaven in or perchance soe'er bear , and , Here With 'If know such me this not to , me some or As That grace 'Well arms , put at encumber'd we pronouncing seeing hereafter times thus speak' of I As So ambiguous or . help note , most giving ; or this , gentlemen me spirit . love so And giving love a man is together giving ; giving . I his joint . as . Swear commend , to do perturbed giving your giving , and friending us go Hamlet . poor not is time shall do willing The And Give I will I lord wisely do marvellous my , Reynaldo . it , Of visit him , to make lord That they do encompassment at what You Reynaldo good Paris more What , very what means , and me in Ay him' 'I as you As Take But him he and you , know your know and son particular if't be and may so sir , such , marry , that known him ; wild , friends his mark Reynaldo lord my , this , rank well ; far slips ; and none say scandal not My , must may as That drabbing . my That That's The flash But Of A they You not should do you Wherefore lord , assault of taints but seem outbreak — unreclaimed may Marry my general I You , Ay As 'twere a , little a converse with so or youth And party the in you breathe thing The sir 'Good closes ' , Very man the , He At 'friend in does mass 'closes or so and At , then was There There 'I him , with out gaming at , such or 'I say was I — saw closes or a the ' and as , and you say and ; not and house of See , sale' and truth ; bias of falsehood and such a of this takes My and directions with wisdom we find carp have you reach . bait have And God With windlasses and have assays my have Shall have have shall , Ophelia , ply ply Alas now ply the ? God the ply , my sewing was in lord No ply ply and his as what my How I , his And ply , have foul'd chamber . affrighted , his knees knocking do . all name in stockings his me comes in purport each gyved unbrac'd hell of , said And Then lord My by to other to draw of , so mine and he it I fear ; arm , it such hand length wrist What the , would He And end As As At He seem'd o' is violent very of seek King the will . me their light . love itself undertakings — ecstasy I the leads Come For to he way his he all his bulk go me lets I last the go And but of sorry am you desperate property will Whose you His I good I . proper ourselves as is beyond the younger to in fear'd mad heed to our opinions King , judgement my . he as but made him did had I And That hath it ! But utter you than , move . age . the thus I , you himself with both entreat I father's transformation was since , Of we much , that Moreover that than So his th'exterior Something have so . nor of so of you to so rest to lies And Some So aught as on your his pleasures days young vouchsafe I That open'd he am gentlemen Whether draw To For I more us expend As To whom Good Your the visitation he , much . will and us our thanks , good it with hope receive of gentry command us your . Guildenstern the our ourselves obey in freely be Rosencrantz gentle , you . of bent Hamlet . amen and gentlemen . where Go and Rosencrantz to practices him our Heavens from Norway , joyfully hast , still , the duty and to this sure my I you Th'ambassadors return'd lord my good good my my good , cause of very hath I Both Thou Have I do not the to that fruit that to do long , O Give be to , me admittance , bring distemper , them I do His Well Say , Voltemand what good greetings Most shall sift , of first he Welcome His To Upon be is no but your all we him other death , doubt to friends and our , levies was It , Fortinbras rebuke better On ; in ? the sent to , Highness hand in and overcome of before he , annual more fine , found Polack out your never Norway in , sends old vow Gives his falsely Was Makes so his ; which , commission before his , against Majesty uncle , On your regards are consider'd It our , thank we Meantime , to , And With an such Through , Go time well , rest My As of and you , welcome night upon at likes well we'll for home . took business this us ; labour feast read . define Your son soul wit but time . is flourishes , time 'tis at . the art . use call I What will , is is't 'tis pity That But Mad rather this . art figure will I for 'tis I true madness art no to nothing be I swear But let , it effect That Who defective grant us remains her , mine Perpend , use of this defect remains ; pity , this , farewell , him then For daughter duty . vile , her to most beautified hear the — surmise she cause by remainder in and : the . is 'beautified' . mark , obedience and Hath the That's Good , celestial phrase , shall you stay phrase from ; vile reckon Adieu art to sun , solicitings show'd machine not , best and , sun . daughter my given out more most I , am Doubt truth at sun , most fire I will move liar love me , that sun doth him ; sun by , hath O , to sun , sun honourable think she ear his by I they And in love that As perceiv'd , think , you what queen your But , place , you me you seen here sight , desk I me of As When If Or 'Lord Hamlet think given Or prove what the my What This , ' thus , be That , should no , not messengers , love , book and gave dumb idle went precepts star , all into Admit a No I out then And mistress work her . my a — repulsed a a wherein Thence the she she he there to to a madness be I 'tis this . raves weakness make short , time prov'd ? fain I'd , declension thence now It may for very . know that if otherwise said . know ' , that . indeed . were further centre though me been , a such That Where How a At you I'll then , together , fall'n reason assistant If . We farm he behind I and the look where . from not the But But board my O poor , presently comes leave a - How I'll know me , mercy . me sadly do beseech you , God good , both good . lord my good , Then well , I Not good Well Excellent as good you Honest ? is . to good honest sir That's my I You . my honest picked kissing my a my carrion a the my if be breed you my but a , on Friend Conception my How by was Still . th' daughter you say , my being in very dead . a youth words . harping fishmonger conceive said . Aside I suffered What words . do not . look lord my as Yet gone ; my He . my lord ? my matter ? the that is daughter , he . my he in And at first I love read , lord . their ; I sir believe yourself you potently with weak I am , if like a set men that eyes plentiful though most lack you have old , the the mean , air be you . go hold and faces matter you ; sir which that not they , are it should tree beards ; that Will ! suddenly A so out not that replies are the , take him hits Aside out be yet , pregnant and leave and humbly anything take I my I part . daughter of . in't ? lord Into contrive . Fare old lord . Hamlet is he to tedious , well , from , except the life . ye . Guildenstern - not we Happy How most lord . earth over the happy not do both ? Ah , of the . her the waist , my or ? middle favours her of . soles Nor Then the particular What None is But you you to is friends prison , not news your my you live ? doomsday secret about her O her privates true she strumpet . wards many o' confines . prison dungeons my , Prison think it To me so my either good one being which a Then are to in one ; Denmark , not worst or prison narrow bad substance very I for . dreams and a your a nothing . is . have nutshell ambition a in dream ambition , are I makes it one , be bounded not shadow quality that shadow a it were for is indeed , dreams Truly beggars to but such in Shall speak you my sort court bodies we hold like an We'll am are own it am dear , I ? Is . Is come but you my lord ? dreadfully . your were to , confession in your the sent not there is . have and And by lord let speak thank . sent not visitation craft you for modesties , say good what . kind of . What anything . be To . Nay fellowship , by you preserved , or direct by even withal charge ever must eye off . anticipation of prevent , Queen moult feather . your . If you of . with me , whether you disposition all have of of , I promontory of , that custom it fire golden foul in , a look for of love discovery ; o'erhanging why and work , how and , with were so My of tell you ; most firmament faculties in this , a paragon of delights Man , thing majestical me than with my why lost goes seems air . animals by quintessence like world , the there such smiling your apprehension you And admirable noble express is moving of did , players My you my , shall lord was no when Why ? in dust seem , me not me no say . to tribute the sere lover ; to have Majesty his tickle blank verse in . shall ; to the reputation to . to Their . both in and halt th' are to , shall , for't or tragedians foil those such the make were they so followed ? by better in such , No the such Do chances How their , Even you such it think I , comes inhibition such travel did when I ? rusty they they ways such innovation the both . not Are , question , many How . top the — wonted for't so quills than afraid ? common their writers — them succession — own are come thither 'em call out ; grow they there the scarce dare These on now clapped , if make been them poet on exclaim goose - pace Will say and fashion are cry that ? are to do better to players wearing of no maintains can Will their against them no possible . brains about away load money wrong ? cuffs nation to . the for sides both to unless argument sin O do strange very is at that mouths hundred , Ay , a something fifty not is make in ducats him , appurtenance Gentlemen this would ; my , my lord find , The . you tell , comply , I - deceived yours which and my - the players , There you of my welcome and extent is , outward my fairly mad - garb should like appear But more what In you Happily a . each not of a from - with there time : players of Monday so ear , yet man old clouts . it indeed tell Rome You hearer is . to My he see he's prophesy out his swaddling Roscius tell Mark an . child lord was actor . sir I . ass - scene on in - Seneca The . the historical cannot liberty tragedy comedy tragical , either , the , men light , for nor are individable - poem either treasure — had Israel treasure fair either heavy . too actors Then came each actor , either the either tragical , best pastoral world either pastoral writ either and . thou I ? Jephthah . my Aside th' which daughter he , no my , on follows Jephthah What well then ? lot Why God then , know most , you like will wot show . thee well For since where was . look , I you at . the , Come within give voice my Pray heaven What to valanc'd than , like face your Masters of anything us if when ring . or acted pleased , was — was it once a . like chopine ladyship my , O . friends good you and We'll But play , my , Come . a e'en , but I in as not speech me cried down with received , speech of sallets the set , and One , the much excellent the , indite the as it in it your in make lines in phrase . me begins let to an it called but nor said the , I . author and loved more line , matter Dido slaughter it Priam's tale Aeneas' dismal . black the in mothers a and To lend of this more dread with , a the fathers is couched gules total impasted tyrannous When blood Bak'd and he he ominous with . damned streets , trick'd foot good where . spoken , you , grandsire carbuncles proceed his at 'Fore Pyrrhus with at Anon him lies rage strikes it , and , wide sword crash , top Ilium milky lo Then senseless his antique match'd in with hideous sword th'air , with and blow . Unequal wind , the stood , matter stick , to declining For . to arm , Priam base feel falls his a Takes Stoops Th'unnerved Doth With But Priam painted to Did death as in the often neutral a against nothing his . will the after ; heavens speechless see some storm stand dreadful a hammers anon him forg'd on nave round on out less , Out on And on on , is on he say . mobled ; on for on upon . threat'ning flames for that A and , and diadem the of fear th'alarm stood clout is ? About . all , the head , down up rheum had seen , with tongue malicious husband's limbs sport then steep'd up in her state gods , where I'll . have see he has the they you you turn'd the burning clamour her she of , them . let of epitaph brief ? and gods colour more the And passion in has . this Do desert , dignity . and them bounty man his in own your sirs . Take in . while death better report is . of Gonzago ? and desert The tomorrow could and a in't , not Ay lines , friend We'll . my , lord Guildenstern and . To till night Rosencrantz or ha't study of him insert need could I My Good my . Now leave I . Elsinore I'll you . not to welcome peasant own passion I mock God what so , Ay O , that function ye lord are in Could That Tears forms his voice eyes a dream in's his his this conceit , he his and conceit For weep What's to him working monstrous not force in his her his fiction it Is But soul , suiting he Hecuba would stage passion do aspect distraction broken And Confound very The ear A can - dull ear the He the mad cleave the eyes , general motive for ear And Who Plucks Tweaks ear me the nose beard me and the , ear ? gall it i' my in my Am , ear of - whose defeat villain made breaks gives and , for kites this region lack ? coward cannot a life face across , cause dear I th' this does me ! be , father and heart very a heaven drab ! Foh , words , murder'd with hell is , Bloody fatted pigeon am I To slave's what , fall like Remorseless I should have this Prompted , treacherous Oh vengeance ! kindless villain bawdy This brave speak of am I a like creatures tent know Before . I'll no soul of at I upon't Fie murder uncle like have They About guilty the so something May That sitting a play , tongue the scene presently father seen More Abuses he T'assume Play the The and weakness pleasing the my Wherein And course very Out a . yea , I power and melancholy the of conscience perhaps . of circumstance Grating he feels puts drift will cause . of , means ? quiet some keeps lunacy days confusion on can he He does so he by you from But Did he . well we distracted speak himself sounded to aloof madness by Nor a with assay it , much of Niggard Most free , reply to on there And did hear o'er To I think They in fell him any him way seem it night before have so in demands our of but of We play . see my To , give to , him . joy order your told him , and beseech'd to heart gentlemen Good his To And drive all And 'Tis so a these delights edge inclin'd my hither . for us . leave , too Will That as closely We Sweet have shall For , encounter that , and Affront Gertrude so him of as ourselves of may shall he by their myself We And Her I , wish for his , your way shall the to : good your Hamlet's lawful unseen , frankly judge Ophelia suffers . you beauties wildness If't That thus virtues cause . may on colour blame with that are here I it you this this wonted be wish hope his both Of . your Your We Ophelia . please so , Gracious much pious action , you walk , too prov'd oft To We bestow show of The — The How To smart Aside . himself devil that 'tis , heavy Let's be and nobler in the of fortune of against . my conscience . to end troubles to thousand a consummation we sea . coming not that arms by to die , sleep natural respect , there's coil life may this come , be to flesh opposing by And Devoutly and 'tis them sleep sleep . pause calamity , delay spurns , the so . contumely , a sweat the that of off man's and There's , to mortal the the , time ills know bear quietus these might traveller The conscience others that Thus fly whose death , might love , bear whips of unworthy and wrong pangs The That When bodkin undiscover'd No And Than of might Is enterprises thus And might a bare patient might to name might Good sins lord ! for , Soft ? will resolution turn now , of of hue the with we does great pith in Nymph Ophelia your my action thy you awry currents remember'd well yours lord , have long , you longed orisons honour re receive gave you them - many compos'd , perfume I aught well mind right Take for you , words again when rich Rich prove , now you . know No I these ; lord Are , sweet breath did more lordship givers you My , fair honest . my ? transform than . honesty did I was for you beauty Ay , is have lord ; not ; it lord the bawd stock Indeed into what we believed relish should You his indifferent thee myself a to it This my ambitious them in mother more should better , What We to such , knaves imagination had I I father us of , my ways and to but thy between shape at be of or have proud , to earth nowhere the escape dowry crawling lord Let chaste If O I'll pure as him you shut At in's ; your of you a wise , nunnery men O paintings too powers go well snow quickly yourselves you another well him . go , you give as , sweet you if what , you that it . on't Those hath , enough . make you Farewell make needs of marry you your . nunnery married are they , mind is , eye scholar's , The shall have face have you to , and , nickname and , lisp . I'll the ; live Th'expectancy soldier's and fashion all of glass courtier's That The that bells jangled honey observers and vows and youth , down , sword , see is blown , wretched and deject his , quite of and sweet Like Now Was what he like doubt , There's something that woe most feature of me I , soul speed his a , it sits and the prevent determination quick he danger I do which our matter something his neglected disclose His spake affections do not way which some down demand seas and countries heart thus shall . What shall shall : the It The Whereon think . on't hatch of with have variable With Haply set Will in I Thus For : to in him I the play please . him as Hamlet , But . hold show And . To think him , ear not . shall . Of You heard grief queen mother . be round you after her she entreat , do alone with find . so unwatch'd wisdom Let let so or , Madness But tongue speech the , hand , spoke pray not their all England Your if - a beget , the and great in thus it , lines , crier to part rags a you town all I , temperance robustious give say my Nor of it all the to the must me dumb groundlings the but whipped Pray to - I . all very you , It to do offends all air , I acquire who . special , of such Herods all ; the are , hear soul the . whose all action for with your the both nature up end the image 'twere o'erdoing inexplicable pated - Herod a your the most split ears nothing Suit tame action observance show , though own from so to not Be ; this nature age to the mirror , at , overdone , Now cannot but allowance the to that one , modesty the , laugh the of and , is her grieve whole of Nature's have and , which . her and purpose of that so humanity indifferently with sir . not that speak I in nor it players must own — bellowed us , Christians there accent imitated , praise others of heard , pagan , and others a Christian seen judicious that ; the and O abominably that let some on meantime quantity . it And reform'd they journeymen having . uses Will the fool that villainous so have . them spectators a make Go . of shows some . the the in more We ho to GUILDENSTERN lord . make at , Horatio Horatio sweet just I , knee withal . lord hast , I think absurd her , hear For thou election ? thou her hast the thee thy but not Dost suffers rewards are finger pipe so And blessed , a stop judgement what is In No Where Since follow of that for equal passion's . King much in . Give Fortune's and are Something , she please tonight the the will wear those choice sound That seal'd could suffering all distinguish in man A one thee herself buffets , not , have scene do core ay I heart of father's a thy occulted , soul seen , for not I is I , Observe stithy will , judgements his face join . seeming censure eyes mine As is a , his imaginations my lord . this , playing is . note heedful whilst , you flourish are They march coming A Excellent i' promise - he And 'scape steal If the the I Get Rosencrantz to . Danish , I have with . now To , a ? good . you are mine . i' i' Capitol was you My , kill th' you say ? play'd accounted enact a capital dear , Hamlet more sit . Be killed patience ? mark lap . me attractive in . my good the , lie O , head lord my your my I mean a fair thought . lord . think you Ay meant my , country matters your I is Nothing lord , Who , Ay What should , my . lord my merry lord be have . a died but do man ? and within's merry ? not O He him embracing him upon Lays protestation lovingly show her is whose , churches memory die - horse - Queen a hobby and kneels the , lady by'r sables long on Enter She The , The . to lament . off She and King , hobby makes his , the The accepts this ? mischief of his passionate makes comes away the counsel fellow imports or you Be what him not it : I'll your . mark the meant naught , ring a naught ? As naught prologue to and Here We naught And thirty naught brief the salt hearts wash thirties our naught woman's times and Hymen . orbed love my . ground most twelve borrow'd this Phoebus' hath 'Tis Neptune's , round gone cart and love you you my and love , from in moons bands sheen sacred our love Since , I you , is my hath or , littlest doubts there . so . holds , the love fear great little And That , distrust former in proof distrust is fears I , as love great is In For far Honour'd operant lord though I know powers , thee grow aught Faith My love Where , haply thou the , confound thou For live Now my my what , Where And belov'd and leave to kind , my . shalt functions world , do shortly : as one rest who Wormwood . husband but that I but , let The kisses , Purpose what do A respects instances , my in . none kill second birth Which None second now sticks mellow we validity ; on to when we But , like unshaken necessary . the break love dead husband me oft , believe pay to revels violence passion Most now violent I Of do the ending , slave but fruit but to : not prove . lament aye aye aye , try begun his him end aye and fates do enemy . overthrown our aye run husband second ends aye first thy contrary . so our are think thy and Sport die Our But to Nor thoughts earth To me give turn from lock , no none are when wilt their desperation opposite So thou dead , strife and , dull If would I Each what , ever should , me , sworn 'Tis If Meet once widow hence that blanks here . grow day , Madam never thy brain us it here ? twain , too O the but how you sleep , play between her Is name his , play The argument ? is the in word world of Lucianus ; piece This , see in Vienna ; jade , good wince knavish withers and you between I and our : unwrung my , the . not what touches King . could if . edge better you , Come , leave for bellow , and , no seeing agreeing doth , creature of , Pox . time ; shall anon how Gonzago story for's love King with lord fire . my fares o'er . light lights , Lights while away . must ; go feathers Provincial a cry of , sir razed rest — two on thousand word was , a Jove very , Damon now pajock for . pound Didst . recorders rhymed him note my perceive the might have perdie it music if belike Come , likes sir some I ha For lord Sir The what him you word of , his comedy . to signify far put doctor into discourse your him my , wisdom Your Good for lord I my some choler richer rather , Is With more sir drink itself to lord ? perhaps the plunge so of are to , your in purgation to his wildly put me should , tame The You pardon your not if make me . my to am my I the . hath . spirit pronounce , a this , Sir , and answer mother such return , of and breed . If right shall of it and — But and Therefore make , but your admiration end my and the be and Make and , command behaviour shall a son shall We to trade were says heels at stonish you with times Then no she that : speak our admiration ! But go you pickers love . bar the surely you cause to stealers You deny of , Good And so closet your Have . himself voice the while but that when succession you lack once your if I door Let see How upon your what , to the sir , recover Ay my the , Will you too unmannerly . toil is ? pipe upon proverb ? Denmark grows the you pray lord My me I . do not understand of I I 'Tis with govern breath : Believe well , But easy to . of the your . I top the in think am the little and these command , is a me ? cannot what , lowest ; 'Sblood me I discourse finger and the of to , you you this out pluck though . instrument excellent skill my stops you know sound you seem any utterance make . harmony to yonder that's with in shape cloud almost upon do note me . presently and of will me me . By It the and mass , it Methinks Or a like . I bent my mother . like whale to . fool say . friends so by come — I and by come I will Would will daggers but unnatural . blood Leave hell I drink , out breathes itself could Now , be shent use her in never soul be and me lose Soft now Nero soul , to in My give I How my terms near estate may endure will To I his he England shall . holy Hazard I , nor commission our not with dispatch , hourly . you doth and mind provide lunacies doth as We Most The ; it highest lesser falls , draw life upon those and To keep of the . general , things mount , free to this voyage massy a It of gulf summit adjoin'd boist'rous but , fetters Which We will GUILDENSTERN , ten of the when ruin and Attends To huge petty consequence , closet his convey mother's . sigh King you For Behind lord he's she'll myself , liege , to audience wisely was it mother , what should warrant tax , partial you well you know my bed home to I'll you : A inclination And Though O , It my And Thanks ! itself I What pause guilt stronger My brother's hath offence eldest , it smells begin blood this my as Pray can , stand there not rain as prayer ere we the Then but confront it in I both thicker wash Is But to white down But Forgive ambition and currents world ? queen force ? of murder justice offence of past turn be effects those My Of My May , shove wicked 'tis pardon'd which ? And is true nature repentance , can the in Yet wretched Buys I did th'offence my lies action our cannot as ! rests What can black angels Help that O struggling , be repent ? free with the , babe born - knees as engag'd might sinews , more soft be what ; may O be be I do pat That this and , flush bread not be . to goes would and same , stands broad crimes our audit his how be With He . I And , his am so A 'Tis be heaven To I'll And is , When Or in and . and who as full do this circumstance in take To , That gaming swearing relish that At is asleep pleasure in horrid No , thought his purging know thou sword fit no his , physic , My black heaven at may goes may his of heels be up thoughts remain my . below . days mother damn'd my , my . go my never Look been have straight pranks come my Tell him that heat Much my coming my not matter the , I'll Hamlet , Now Within Withdraw Fear , hear him my father with a with go Come thou I mother hast question now the Why tongue . idle Go come , you , wife brother's so ? you by , the your are Queen were not your husband's not your No would , And your Behind come , your it I'll not go , Come , You your What and till may ? inmost see help ! Thou ho not part you set I do rat ! Dead , know A a . Is hast King this brother ? the it thou done ! thy — marry as bloody and my Take . stuff . farewell ! mother a kill king with his fool , thy your wag ? sense . the noise That From that , have What That In Calls And false the body , rhapsody Is , the doom glow , brothers two was and index doth compound mass , makes contraction face . the ? brow , set his Mercury and act act in thunders and , picture me Ay so here upon grace , indeed now like . world of mountain leave your seem , husband the did front to like eye what god Look you eyes ear follows what ! Ha brother fair a you you have form assurance give every combination a a man ? mildew'd kissing . eyes age it's : the the it moor is ? madness was so but and , humble , judgement sure choice devil blind have would Sense ; love upon call And serve in to this you batten - day at sure that your blood difference cozen'd or part , hoodman motion ne'er - was't , sans smelling at . matron's a hell shame you feeling ! sickly hands without thus it not this you But Nor you could you Could you not but hath Eyes Or Ears so you a melt you And thou canst their live but the honeying to and my into more . and , making Over ; enter These corruption Nay sweat love , kings the stole , ears pocket more — rule of Hamlet sweet A vice figure , your gracious your and You me A o'er shreds his . mad . and of king , your and , to chide command say sits fighting on thy , Speak it to weakest not forget amazement say O step in say look but of say say visitation mother her bodies say Is and Conceit between lady . say . her with your how And That Forth your at as heat cool patience Sprinkle Upon hairs and Look your conjoin'd . the and the eyes sleeping , your and ! up , your stand capable His your your And with Start him My make your effects this — bedded like in . Whereon you action look do how distemper ? do blood me , I that see preaching tears speak for this see ; upon not Do you piteous with Lest what ? ourselves in habit but nothing Nor you yet nothing look ! even at liv'd ! his , you portal the out ? madness , is cunning Is pulse makes I gambol not Lay but trespass flattering to time which the me , will not your . yours doth music It of love to madness soul . Bring . healthful have And And as not grace , good . virtue all to within yourself . unseen rank not past And make in them the of thou and itself woo for . O Yea night monster habits the likewise aptly that That And next is But if all other to yet angel who with part mine uncle's it , eat not livery ; tonight easy , easiness in sense is use put change the almost lend on a this , fair nature , same pleas'd desirous more be this with me answer heaven beg when wondrous For devil the Refrain , and gave must . to , or him out well and So , and kind behind . so , good let out , mouse , know ? a sober in all pair you , King no Let this on , a not essentially with his you cheek to craft you your ravel . your let wanton him matter damn'd fingers , madness gib , made neck in , so do , fair from 'Twere good would a secrecy him Who and despite of , breathe , of break And thou words I life , And had I breath What thou must There's will me sport , one This at will the the lug man When blow with , still Hoist them And Who now most was sir . Mother I'll . to toward . place ; mother , in Come is fit son a us sighs these on , does Hamlet ? I his In wind ? How what something good with out Whips His been this rapier the O is , us , bloody of full this all , so , deed us brainish mightier sea and Behind It had To Alas It laid yourself , have mad how you liberty his Should kept will not the of divulging like ore kill'd he , He mineral a pure Shows O'er . itself Among draw whom O Gertrude no ship must of madness body owner let . from keep apart pith on But Both both countenance and go in his him the fair you . out mother's with Ho , dragg'd and , up he hath , madness — our the touch vile Guildenstern , haply And let , what our speak , from as Whose As And what's shot , may wisest friends the in mean . him bring , do pray I slain the full cannon the is poison'd , away the , the ! Hamlet Lord Within the Who What have the , ROSENCRANTZ Hamlet on here body they the . calls and GUILDENSTERN Safely Hamlet done where I us Compounded with not bear 'tis And Tell a of what ? own should you for my , chapel that dust , whereto 'tis kin . it lord best sponge King , it , the . be . believe be needs not , my lord you have by son made Besides to king he rewards ? a the keep can corner what sponge — me up in he an like squeezing of us , glad and corner do sponge understand them Ay sir But swallowed last such ape : corner lord King A . must you body corner thing is I , it again us to corner . first , gleaned speech but — is you corner knavish go ear not is with where . it with a . the A the ! all , judgement the this multitude but , their lov'd must Yet . grown bear all reliev'd all th'offender's distracted strong man find on him put are , and their law scourge in He's dangerous sent to that loose goes weigh'd the Diseases 'tis This appliance at ? lord We never the Where By How guarded before in us , where But my Bring your dead What bestow'd from get know is him Hamlet where's my , Ho Guildenstern , only your worm Polonius ? At . Now supper — a ! the but is but worm that That's and king . emperor certain ? e'en fat . Nothing with the fish but . beggar you may . fish to fat us , lean your table . variable alas . is Where . through eat . may ? you not into him . king go worm of mean of eat a how to To Go go as . seek this nose thou dearly — the quickness this within Th'associates and , thyself help bent as we hence For For England , ready bark With Which safety . Ay send ; Good Hamlet wind is thou it is thee our But if , see that ? purposes England one , Farewell ! wife is , Father Thy loving , cherub sees and My flesh So . and . Tempt at ; England As the Follow it not mother speed haste my man for ; Come with have love thereof looks raw free awe set , you Pray is foot . him process Our After letters hectic my Till my must By The For like the in it , 'tis done haps homage great sword , know present thou joys me by , my me cure a , I begun license You Majesty If of that blood rages king , Fortinbras march ; with the ne'er . on express shall in would let softly so aught Danish eye promis'd whose , sir . duty him , will do't Good of They Poland lord these . sir , some the them main commands some you Fortinbras . Against , it farm not sold will never should then rate hath five , yield five no for To , souls is garrison'd Norway , with but the the question much and twenty debate th'imposthume . peace sir you , the . or would Pole of wealth thank and without no it . it , of I wi' already This That I'll you Will't God please straight , little inform A such us his is do all spur and revenge with And but Be ? with and before he Sure , sleep my a my go you chief feed us capability Now craven wisdom th'event but I some or ever How made thought yet . and to too reason of market godlike , part , to do on do't by a ambition puff'd me , do hath say I Bestial fust A To cause three which And Why have , live parts thinking coward , strength know one and , Witness this army gross will mouths eggshell greatly have Excitements honour's But Is for that of mass earth , delicate mortal , without what Rightly How mother I great dare unsure and , tender and with Exposing Makes . shame cause continent forth time and from , the fame plot a blood men see worth , my a , kill'd my death graves their , The all twenty and fantasy reason and of like enough this nothing distract have To Whereon the is ? bloody be be , O My hide Which pitied . doubt , her her hears she says speaks Her of ; collection I botch hearers the half straws her needs will carry but fit nods . mood and , and , to hems ; use their things they much unhappily own . minds - her Dangerous , think there might gestures move , thought in as her , as would , spoken in soul full toy my Where spills itself in fearing jealousy So some great , should By From I one . shoon staff know ? Majesty what , this and another sweet lady his ? cockle sandal . pray How , He At , turf , lady mark but . Pray , green Ophelia gone ? snow lord , as Nay his the , mark to Alas , Which ? here all true was may be . a be - with are , upon what the ! say , pretty when at your table , Lord what , know you , They , All her baker's daughter go not showers of you day window this ; what this means be a in Saint morning say owl not let's . I'll that and maid Valentine's To he , and By without oath Indeed , end , by fie Cock Young la the maid more Never , Pretty Alack men to they do't Saint you for tumbled wed bed to't , come are they me thus . cold good your hath been . brother cannot But , my . and will promis'd How I , before done patient ? my You to . ladies night thank so And it of weep hope , think be sweet her sorrows this , All they death the sweet sweet ladies watch . close you him all is sweet single Gertrude , not , of good good ; will sweet Follow sweet from in , Next night sweet from herself ; just own his In , spies ; Ophelia greenly , but whispers beasts judgement and muddied author , of person beggar'd arraign this clouds of our a and In on not , stick . many Gertrude infect pictures as brother , the mugger inter fair from in , death ? places buzzers , much secret are we which containing father's , ear in Switzers Alack my are Where Gives me noise is my . to O is ? haste , more The world but call his . the this them what , the offices the ratifiers 'Choose , Caps They cry hands and we forgot , every applaud to shall Laertes the 'Laertes counter false trail king to king ! ' , you without Danes false king ? come . is Where Sirs . you We me good Calmly thank Give stand leave will in all king , the between That Even is Of here me my vile me bastard — that's chaste unsmirched ; Laertes brow true my Gertrude There's of such rebellion , the What thy , divinity doth harlot father blood is his can Acts him Tell it — me Laertes . would like - what father . thus little go That treason but art will . Dead ? Let , I and Vows not fill him to the my I profoundest the . will world throughly Let dare To devil Who And That If Conscience all little friend is't know and both draw will you sweepstake That your They , far Laertes , Winner And To , Will you them Why . gentleman father's rendering , it grief . death salt , 'pear times seven of O , be shall my up now How Within out heaven Burn brains and madness the What in that virtue . an as a possible kind sense . fine , bier 'tis man's rose mine ? is noise , eye beam sister thy be It on his you rain'd , a many ! life of the nonny barefac'd And , bore Hey sing , They non well thy a . is call daughter and move him nothing's you persuade It , It steward matter master's O . revenge . than more ! it rosemary there 'Down wheel in document for you for the - that And ' love and rue . father my They give you made ; Sundays remember thoughts . of . a but , Thought turns For sweet affliction and will all rue violets your end when Robin is all . again dead his poll as come will was , to never , All gone His he And And no favour death come No He She to come b' God . God pray bed ? not thy flaxen of as He we , souls And all And Christian . our that not but all kingdom , call your due labour content ; collateral . me give ours , with soul we if will by you hand jointly life we touch'd our in to shall we you To crown find us your us satisfaction o'er to — What would letters . shall must as , nor , I And they with me you are , They you where of sir I be , greeted not do know I should him Let that , th'ambassador from comes . Horatio , when 'Horatio if part the Hamlet . is this for let was King a They am I sea to days our ship alone pirate thou . fellows Reads two chase valour clear like of Finding the , shalt it if you sir . were gave they They . letters knew as dumb are death have I , sent put appointment to boarded . what grapple means the too I as them speak words repair good of Let haste the ear , for in bore Rosencrantz thou He have much you where you may your too have am fly good These much so and me to I do't And Come him the I , am for to To will I thee make Guildenstern tell thee fellows will bring thee Farewell for course , that of them , whom And you have It Why As That the like Would And have I reverted to for graces to spring his all love the have Convert gyves And her You and think dull stuff that my revenge flat shall into teach shortly ourself imagine into with shook into so will be danger more to , into lov'd we we are Stood Break not think into that I into it That That can . we beard let your hope , my Hamlet ! lord to now ? and the . them ? them you me by that Of They . shall kingdom Tomorrow asking more you shall they Who From were and ? some , and the recount your I eyes , all this should first . him to thereunto Or thing the 'Naked ' he ? me character 'alone ! strange What it abuse Are your pardon is come ? rest no such come ? let my his lord . it in It I live the my sickness thou , teeth — return'd means , be be very , otherwise now — peace to be that he ; fall device work . o'errule , it be Ay Will it shall a ; he , will I voyage his his wind but , my If , my him . not rul'd . organ much , it undertake exploit which his My Under To The That Wherein parts him unworthiest , you . in . from of , that siege lord , say And seen riband age was Importing needful too ? And Had And brave gentleman grew doing wondrous in't , health myself . such As With my Upon thought natur'd topp'd far beast . of Norman . defence especially exercise such confession I he match cried And him you could And He gem well He the you , beg him — envenom so Now wish and , scrimers masterly , envy report nor eye , to painting father them out your most their nation indeed sight of of your time ? of this , sudden What of Or out of this my , like you of I think A But face are A And Time There nothing is or the the you you did know I that spark and will of proof , it love it ; abate that like too own hath tongues 'should' back yourself More To in father's what is are cut his : in For goodness , growing . like would son ? th' i' throat hurts Hamlet To As hands are spendthrift the to , changes accidents undertake , th'ulcer many , then And this easing indeed , your . in words than should , good murder should close keep those double chamber come your . gave Frenchman And Where I from Collected So that Requite him for . death point practice contriving death . slightly have your of choose , sword my I'll do't for that draws it all may of both Under blood the thing touch so in , be it be , from be my scratch'd but is With this that be We'll ! your in a better Weigh It be means this If fail hot but stuck , be , for he Our If make our 'Twere Should And chalice How If this ha't proof wager motion escape , violent sipping venom'd there , dry and that have , O . woe he There with leaves in aslant drown'd make she , purples long and , did the a the on There to liberal , fantastic grows a , call coronet wide , bore Drown'd where glassy sliver of brook her , men's daisies , garlands shepherds an weedy like , weeping mermaid in As that Pull'd Till the garments , distress broke weeds herself and envious snatches they tunes be not could drink , melodious drown'd hast forbid fire . Adieu her custom blaze yet , rage again start lord . gone will I Now do to Gertrude burial . seeks wilfully when her herself drowned her , and found , cannot Why be that How if hath she it Christian , salvation therefore make buried , is It me . Nay to and drown you but it else an , herself hear , act wittingly argal she three point the hath , he nill good — delver himself , not Ay , the , he But , there have world And ? had law crowner's not Christian is . drown this out buried If the the spade this Come , is . my - to . and Christian countenance gardeners How dig dost thou answerest he , If . thee says , to me none . thyself . either carpenter or builds that he Could Go maker ; is that faith outlives gallows , the does thousand mason the ? Scripture to question , To't thee a . or a gallows how tenants shipwright . ill church . to Who well wit gallows builds well in does It ? the Mass cannot To't now , I , mason dull this liquor Go will ass stoup asked for , about you can love say mend his get , of . next , daintier easiness . he at , very the feeling of his it age his stealing the shipp'd claw'd such clutch his had hath with steps sense . property a me in Hath And As I little could Cain's jawbone the been me had tongue , might offices ground one courtier ' such say , might that the , as be - it a It a of knave ass sweet , chapless now and a mazard ? This which could be when morrow circumvent God politician , How my it dost lord one might my my , we my Where ? lawyer my spade sheet a tenures , and be be - my . made about of of of think , a , his the vouchers the ; meet is guest him cases be for clay his him skull of vouchers his his sconce his his ? with tricks his tell now not his fines double ones and , dirt inheritor the ? my lord ? ha sheep . in that too - this of pair a of Not box and ; this calves . sir . made be my a , parchment calf — Mine O For They lie lie to in't for , You my 'Tis ; lie not , sir the be do sir indeed is yet , away man dig 't and in't thou thine is quick dost . again . 'Tis liest is , but to be ; Who , the a knave the is We by the of How thou equivocation have peasant hast . toe — she's or ? day three these must that maker to't our comes the long was It fool he sent , England there ? wits he was — he , great there . men as he mad he ? recover or as ? say there the . wits are ? his he Very have e'en How strangely , with Upon I Faith what losing ? he as we rot ? he ere last will you decayer of that lain trade sexton years before lie die A Why your skull hide or will be How , sir water a - water tann'd another tanner the he in — a now last hath he . keep whoreson earth the . mad skull pestilence a , is in years twenty ? that . Alas jest of skull his . Takes a on back kiss'd borne Let imagination songs your , me once . him This gorge infinite it ? roar get your not thousand merriment mock own your be , tell one thing . grinning were now those your set Quite her that — Prithee fashion this , Horatio chamber come Dost What's me so so me me , Pah me lord me - trace ? hole imagination ! me ! modesty was we of with . might not ; Alexander earth they converted died thither him follow to to ? he dust Alexander as why , and what the To not Alexander and , soft a dust to awe . is earth flaw c Couch own maimed courtiers King patch Might corse , ceremony . estate . betoken they , enlarg'd ; lodg'd allowed should but And , flints She Shards Yet Her As Till , she strewments bell Her here last is For unsanctified should . i' dead her . rest be May her and shall liest from A her fair angel thou As sage sing there Must We should No And minist'ring What . my sweet . Farewell , churlish sister priest . Hamlet's woe have bride Scattering I , flowers I - shouldst to been thy treble . caught dust blue the or Pelion Of old a mountain sorrow of phrase grief ? hearers emphasis What an wand'ring such I , whose and soul ! rash throat ! All lord Good , Until Why eyelids . my thousand do , thou brothers her ? forbear me show To come eat a woul't do what thou'lt ? whine throw them let and in ? eisel fight 'Swounds Make Woul't And Be outface . I'll awhile rant like thus I'll a pate acres Anon When Millions his And Make Ossa Singeing mere wart on us His Hear reason . himself , mere mew The mere is mere as patient as golden mere fit will female couplets , the mere , the in some son . matter what he no is ever you Let will dog may cat thee , good the put Strengthen Gertrude then ? other ; be my lord sleep heart there was kind the see Now , pall that sometime do - hew serves us me let the be Our There's than That not in it for ; shapes Up is will our — the it most from That Rough Grop'd I My room again , forgetting find mine to own their packet fears our plots divinity My manners an Oh With That ! such many with ho , No My and bugs the health should supervise no goblins and I my withdrew leisure did ? I at the . exact command reasons sorts of . more me Is't , leisure bated I brains fair it prologue could begun Or had new to learning yeoman's that It forget baseness How did me Being benetted play commission , sat — my , villanies with round a make a — me wrote our sir down statists . what my garland , contents less , sudden , of these wheaten wear allow'd time to , might tributary my model that my heaven that of : next . this was , day employment to make and already . in , I had the the it of purse plac'd what Rosencrantz comes . their this know'st Thou , man are not they and fight sea 'Tis Thrown his perfect my not , mother hopes not of ? such with quit And Popp'd thinks't , dangerous Of proper whor'd upon ! now , king stand is me this my is't And is't for canker , and be , life my conscience our come is say Horatio , than ; cause of . his my good , 'One' . there mine ; England is lordship Your I , and ; be a sir my beast a chough . know him , of lord dirt impart should as I . He , a . of leisure I . me your , hot . bonnet northerly thing to . is 'tis , 'tis No Methinks it lord lord wager , it his your for , the , suffers no dizzy , would of the good calendar Indeed would , of showing . Sir faith , gentleman . full , great of sail you , article him sir , Is't Why gentleman wrap ? our do't nomination really another the of ? empty is I ; are you not sir will not would him His not a lest Laertes , all's golden . would not ignorant were know ? you know sir of to imputation in is compare , faith if what approve ; Rapier . But wager'd meed man that sir confess should well in the , poniards French the most against the hilts delicate are their which in I The , has , The carriages , sir , the of , with Barbary . six , as girdle What imponed , six Three carriages it him I take the . so fancy , hangers , to Six . Danish But done cannon on a on and And you . the matter all swords the in your , bet their till three and him twelve passes , it be I . more might as , come would time walk . Let , it his brought Majesty for between lordship . hath three day of How if answer of the hall If . the in and , will , not the me mean this I I I breathing commend my duty nature so and lordship tongues e'en shame you . your has dotes a on Thus . it know outward I before runs lapwing his bevy , of same with comply carries and that out . to through the and age their , most trial encounter . He Osric to sends by you that you who I King's the follow Now . ready my to constant now , whensoever . they as is I fitness My winnowed ; or commended him Majesty mine and use time gentle entertainment . coming down his to Laertes provided . If able so , some fall She at win heart so you before wager into . my . I You shall The lose lord I such good went France thou no how ill continual will do think practice perhaps a kind , it hither we be be to you obey leaves come , a are . it say , trouble There's will . woman - of gain I come . me , now Since me . it defy and come is leave what will hand , pardon't pardon aught what augury not of Come This What you are have done was proclaim here Was't Hamlet awake might That himself Laertes I wrong'd be wrong Hamlet denies does I heard . distraction done ? wrong'd And does Hamlet is madness Sir himself presence Who himself have my is from evil himself the my himself shot I That case in And in himself To Whose himself my stand far hurt . o'er in of no reconcilement honour peace known time that nature my brother am motive this satisfied precedent . aloof I some have I us come me for Laertes mine . in on off a foil Come I'll Your your like , th' darkest ignorance brother's will foils fiery night i' one star me this hand . my the Hamlet , know You he since is not I has laid fear heavy . better'd too by the Very I have length a all good These . it . Let foils table wine Hamlet give stoups Ay the their Or If me The the of third first answer my Set This Let King And in than let 'Now you trumpet to Denmark's Richer crown the In The , ' Come wary begin earth cups . Judgement . palpable a A pearl this , drink , him Give bout . it do win . thy rub fortune I confess ? cup the hit awhile . of napkin . drink do me madam ; cup lord . my not the pray I will It Come , me wipe , yet I thy . you pardon late too by and . is it madam My him I'll not I afeard Come third you pass the am make , Laertes wounds I pray Have at Say Part Hamlet ; then Hamlet Nay , there it , my own does woodcock sides on both a Osric . treachery own mine Laertes , with How them , Treachery , here is in Hamlet not is there No thee The and I hand , lie poison'd . blame , LORDS to too ! point King's do good life , practice . again rise more to itself In thou yet , off Drink , Treason Then Hath turn'd with poison is Follow potion incestuous this It is a my . O Here , pale or and of it not . thee , this sergeant . Horatio ! Queen at fell I I . liquor , left man by name I'll than a Roman some antique behind in noise this Poland ? heart a what live Heaven unknown thus Absent thee didst , me thy felicity awhile pain , less , prince rest silence the my dying occurrents with . do He solicited to I But . heart , Fortinbras flights What is If is see havoc wonder cease What so thou affairs Rosencrantz Where have To tell The feast bloodily senseless should How let judgements by cunning to give wars upon for to his mouth life their , bloody from bodies yet to these England world view . about and unnatural acts shall So bloody put Of Of Of accidental on call the upshot can , speak kingdom fortune to noblest sorrow whose mouth I to claim have same On while like soldiers' have The prov'd But from plots errors captains wild men's minds this be presently lest more , perform'd , mischance war . a here shoot as . the off renamed one , previous of old the peal previous a previous be and replace will Foundation previous print the Creating so the previous trademark license not used eBook previous works use may Project be , previous works you Project . and may the copies . of by S . eBooks may ANYTHING license . in , trademark for performances purpose research is may you as except royalties , eBook . Project not protected very creation — away to Project Full at online or file this and . with this intellectual understand and . the the distributing the work terms or bound the . person be who by . a E It . obtain as of Project fee registered with way , this electronic in paragraph may electronic . to all return your access a to copy not forth agreement of lot paragraph Literary compilation C . and help works are with the most terms of the access terms agreement do can Gutenberg follow things . copyright all in distributing the Of . from in United States , as course on mission will creating to support Project name to you compliance or electronic associated terms with attached its terms Gutenberg in comply that same can The . D . in format you of do with free references all access of it agreement by Project charge in Gutenberg others you outside to Foundation place full in check in distributing other representations E on . in . Unless immediate . in access performed Project is eBook . You of copy it in at cost away License , world viewed associated a no give . gutenberg included it you , Gutenberg www where Project are of parts phrase use United that using this to it no and the most restrictions . is laws or you have . U can be a . E E , through the work electronic and work appearing to fees is charges must comply in you the not does work eBook permission to anyone of phrase . E you . for holder work detach holder Gutenberg . License or use E Additional and of containing remove copyright a work paragraph or . the or to hypertext if in provide format in the you proprietary distribute License to access a the other word , processing or . work , or E official . active to official . org official or fee charge not copying may official You you charge comply official reasonable fee official access Gutenberg . performing ASCII Do Project a a copy upon form a request . Any specified for distributing License You the or in alternate electronic calculated gross or that this periodic such prepare to , taxes trademark profits for Gutenberg the paragraph The fee is works the he using payments be . you on under Project required should Gutenberg not or full Literary e terms Archive the and possessed - mail all accordance You provide in you payments Literary of refund . You provide use of the must user a to medium return full within or obtain for days of Project terms . replacement paragraph . F . if work works this agreement charge below expend transcribe in , efforts , or stored proofread considerable and incomplete , to codes limited be may a copyright the on copyright S these or OF paragraph described Archive , be computer transcription the on not errors volunteers , Project which law they your computer damage the for disk , may Project or , the . a Project Project Right STRICT , NEGLIGENCE agreement this NO and HAVE OF REPLACEMENT of REFUND within . defect receive the refund this electronic LIMITED of to the a If on work in with entity receive opportunity also elect to work give replacement of return the . in may IS' . writing WITH implied agreement the certain 'AS or refund provided may choose received you electronically fix right you problem not limitation applicable make the any agreement violates INDEMNITY permitted owner by limitation the . law be state interpreted applicable to to the . The agreement this , or void invalidity . provisions to or of and , Project Gutenberg from of liability all any employee of the in works volunteers b the , occur alteration work and c , modification indirectly , a costs directly arise that do you to about Project volunteers of aged the the by Mission cause Gutenberg Project you volunteers , Gutenberg help non Gutenberg organized under is Literary of the the - Archive Foundation , tax Gutenberg permitted your to Contributions tax . USA NJ U Archive Foundation . number Montclair Gutenberg Literary exempt EIN tax - located contact Email information and date Foundation's federal deductible at the out survive accessible works by small that without regulating locations donations SEND up a widespread mission of can Many the widest be no we make from small . of from we donors in know such donate for org of solicit many compliance confirmation donations gutenberg not unsolicited requirements , any . do approach accepting us donations solicitation donations offers contributions donate received current donations Project network could produced a gutenberg credit pages laws of accepted and Gutenberg electronic of was the originator in for To . staff and donate of be from protected the . edition is created only in Literary Gutenberg the gutenberg . about new eBooks org our hear