and . Who's . struck am sick thanks I twelve And relief much most If you watch night . and Marcellus Who ho . Stand I honest Give . ground . Dane to to the who . hath . soldier there Holla place my ! good our . but seen appear'd again nothing thing this have Horatio , I says belief What has With He let approve 'twill eyes again not will Horatio Therefore Tush And That us two nights awhile down once are us watch our , may That if not sit let , beating comes again off then . and Horatio . dead King , Mark to the it fear wonder night warlike , Horatio of buried of and spoke with ? form . thee speak offended speak . might , I on't ? look ! more ? not you You and ! answer not avouch the ! Such Is was he the frown'd it As he Thus So in particular once sledded before jump strange th'ambitious angry the on in at thought to Polacks 'Tis gross the same daily for Sunday such toils , most of week sore ; land the of and subject and strict And now Does the Our last inform might not such the down brazen night the , least At Doth divide shipwrights mart of be Who image , with side ratified of ; Fortinbras emulate esteem'd lands ; Hamlet a but can ; seal'd those conqueror compact , had competent return'd , his , heraldry all the moiety the by young here is our by And motive But his by The of the this recover of ; no other , of and e'en but in the chief strong lands unto it the like mind's of : portentous so question trouble this the mightiest and fell state wars . the of ; sheeted Was Did stars the graves squeak As And the Upon And sick whose like the and prologue Have ! it soft our earth and blast sound it Lo where any thou climatures behold , But in with Unto done , me ! walk oft ! speak the womb speak and uphoarded in say That to ease if art Speak , spirits my , Stay it it it at stand Do 'Tis , Stop strike And it . like , to We To was For And then fearful god the Awake The cock with fire ; in , shrill to have guilty thing malicious air of majestical , the the started is and and . air , the of is . comes celebrated made of and day or sea To his This faded that It Saviour's of The then , gracious then spirit hath no so And So the of we our what , up impart This Unto you , Let in shall acquaint ; yon takes have hallow'd fairy look the watch do is power to time clad my upon and Let's Where Do young Break have my to duty morning this life , him , our speak seen , we I loves him , Hamlet , grief in green hearts be To Yet To so , joy dropping one with with , and delight herein and weighing nor have , With this to wife scale , For know we young of and late dear of of brother's advantage message our dream pester us his frame thanks gone barr'd Fortinbras of law for those with with all bonds much time So surrender this fail'd disjoint to , brother for business valiant ourself most Importing his Lost Now for much To Of His is For Giving is good gait of , is impotent Thus is Out The nephew's and is bed herein and you we : full ; is - in purpose proportions here are Cornelius his , You of the , dilated King you this to these Of and no old personal allow more commend . things CORNELIUS your and we duty duty . show heartily will . to reason wouldst , to the thy Denmark not thy mouth ? father Laertes heart , Dane the offer What be the is From to , your What , came that your I to to ; Denmark France return to , toward What ? leave Polonius leave ? says my last go ; it him clouds I lord , than . Aside Not , Seems , Together No 'Tis not Nor , is solemn of the But sweet But that within man suits might which duties in the passeth indeed of , seem , woe mourning know condolement , peevish fault , grief , course term survivor mind unschool'd is sense opposition to , to 'This Is As of be so first This most for of our let immediate unprevailing must Take death the a are with fathers most Fie in earth nature common died today you till think to For in our to remain , love . son eye desire comfort and thee not chiefest Do It cheer you to intent son father less which dearest bears his . toward impart we the beseech courtier and to . Come the shall , come you not reply . Hamlet , Denmark too Re And O Why as ourself in and to the heaven . fix'd garden God , tell drinks ! world ! nature So two But months to ! me , canon Or ! Hyperion he a too ! remember face her might not . of satyr ; it rank an . not ! had Everlasting the slaughter uses ! things , and ! increase roughly thy those which ! little fed on or — beteem think ! she tears followed ere Why on't all ! longer wants , a nay so to , much that the she ? so appetite ; As it With Let By O father's Ere Had married , speed eyes uncle discourse mine she body reason she that the Than have Niobe But Like left flushing to , it . to yet in galled come must my , to I to hold tongue good . lord , to nor . lordship see or poor good name My good you change see to faith very what , make — violence that of truster hear enemy To yourself are ear your your you shall But teach to I is make . in do you know it not you you , in what to My We'll Against Nor I truant disposition Elsinore so upon mother's fellow , Horatio forth my met furnish I that foe Horatio father , my I methinks — had thrift I I Indeed think I was to me . wedding heaven in The marriage the follow'd , coldly Would ever He was a saw I In man not , lord take ; he , mind's eye a all . king goodly was my him My lord Season an In Been at point . nights Armed slow their length speak and not secrecy they . the each to act ; deliver'd night him they fear This , me ? where this platform lord My answer lifted to As I did we And Hold Indeed , indeed , you Arm'd , my , saw , From my top Both Arm'd toe to ? his beaver my up anger my my . my upon . frowningly he in or , Pale Nay his It would have much had I . you . pale ? constantly And Very like like . it . have It Perchance I as While I 'twill A , was I Not saw't . walk watch again tonight silver'd ; his . not . well were , well ; your understanding shall hap but twelve and you you All ; rise . o'erwhelm necessaries My are , earth the as my play in : embark'd assistant hear from that doubt me is But Do let do Farewell the sister you winds . not . give sleep you benefit . in primy sweet youth A Forward For violet in permanent and it not . so more does Perhaps . crescent as temple now besmirch his must he thews In inward nor cautel no bulk no The For He for sanctity on this and voice Unto he Whereof His Then so particular And is give It As May Then , To credent his you it Fear weigh Than too honour list treasure songs sustain loves he you , no further , open the . chaste of desire the of rear the unmaster'd importunity fear keep of the their morn wary Youth As not watchman Too Contagious Himself Yet here The wind , smiles upon a aboard your for leave grace comes . rede my ; heaven thorny of own me dalliance . libertine path recks Aboard shoulder , thy , sail blessing my There second . in few hast thy friends Grapple quarrel but being in of hoops and Give any And them thou you Be thou not thy for the these stay'd are character . unproportion'd but familiar , the Neither For the in oft France express'd not select and a . station : voice thy few but may thy unfledg'd ; of comrade . Beware , gaudy not rank and man chief be buy reserve but , they a most of each habit Costly But And Are And canst not must all : then my ; as Most Thou This above as as humbly , well as lord this season the be , as as take go , false to as servants tend as he Ophelia Farewell , to , keep , keep hath very touching : keep ? keep — 'tis free most been time you something well ; oft Lord keep of he keep to you yourself so . truth me , bethought you And Have of be He ! it it If told You between hath What As that 'Tis private lord affection a circumstance Do not know his in Pooh Affection is the Tender yourself the tender — Or , my such to he My are have these ta'en tenders you I That you thus crack you . wind more me it Marry , hath , these the When Ay With ; lord . know time making both presence ; this From . fire at your burns to the countenance catch promise light blood almost of their that be may Believe a with your than how blazes , a . entreatments to : vows tongue the Lends Even I not The Than Than As Look would Have shall words or terms is obey I slander plain in my come the this Hamlet . show , for all lord ways bawds and beguile like Breathing any you It is a bites it shrewdly very . of is No I ? eager an ; is air twelve does doth wake heard it now ; rouse pledge out reels , his takes and mean , upspring Rhenish down then It . not spirit drains - kettle The and Keeps triumph this a . a , am it a at attribute particular our it . a a custom is the nations a a is't marry born , here west a that his that habit , manners pales birth some oft chances of of of , reason o'erleavens men , as much not they nature in As or His or all , a dram censure — be or the , they Fortune's of one — or my lord fault As else say these or comes from such or questionable charitable a O . or thee wicked of intents heaven royal , father That with his the noble scandal grace com'st I Be thee ministers damn'd or or . ignorance me sepulchre , jaws steel mean , hell from blasts to Dane thy Hath op'd their Thou ponderous cast , thus ponderous , It thoughts ponderous As shake ? go you impartment alone desire ponderous . did ? ponderous courteous waves more ponderous . what a speak It it action Wherefore What my what not set not then will not by no I . means , What to Or That waves it beetles you And That Without The into your dreadful . again so very And the o'er might puts motive looks draw deprive assume toward sovereignty the you flood of summit forth sea of , lord . brain of ? fathoms many desperation the . to sea I'll roar beneath still . thee , in lion's nerve . this make Still heaven a call'd as As hardy . Unhand of I'll him , follow . cries Go I'll away I makes not with ghost me artery . this . it issue . come to thus what Let's To . will direct of will ? me lead I almost will Mark . I When My Must I but , not Alas hour sulph'rous . up come tormenting up up Pity up up To , am ? up hearing up fires house , to upon two thy hair ! love not fretful particular knotted eyes hair like the stars combined hair stand locks of But thou his hair God O and eternal ever flesh hair on be end blazon hair blood quills Like To thy ! murder . hair wings is of revenge hair , most this And I , or meditation duller thou That Is serpent Rankly that , the in Lethe whole . Now , my noble . father's youth Denmark , wharf thou sting his prophetic my The O The So O I Hamlet to From That of lewdness in a radiant a in hand falling - to , his , seduce of , me will it made a But to of hebenon cursed custom ! And let My juice That swift natural gates as quicksilver vigour like and curd And tetter into ; about and bark'd milk doth posset , it mine crust loathsome . of disappointed sent unanel'd to ! on but imperfections horrible thee , even of , O If No Taint not not The I you O shall And you , my sinews , me stiffly up poor distracted grow memory . thee thee Remember fie earth my table ghost bear couple host ? Hold ! my , heart What , seat , heaven , memory while Remember , villain ! woman damned villain ! Denmark down be and , be Now me remember . in . Yes volume . pernicious , may I set have and lord My one least That So It . Lord sworn't my . secure ; lord him it , Within Heaven . So , MARCELLUS come . it tell , my ! it ? think . my secret in arrant an dwelling come , villain ghost no Ay heaven and you'll be , Denmark all . more we business I'll go . pray for hath and whirling , wild Such These as It And much honest ghost to . know too , that what scholars , may friends one my , And me make What you as lord what ? now , Touching desire Never request and soldiers friends , I not , my lord faith , my my , Nor sword Upon on Come boy Ha , et again that upon , Swear . lord . ground sword . friends wondrous , work it welcome . i' . heard sword my by remove is more ! Beneath . phrase head some or 'We this meet , shall you at your most — giving of aught Or , Or you To I or an perchance strange of or , speak' such list at put seeing 'There So That , out ambiguous to we you know ; perturbed I poor his not joint your as go cursed set together spite . is Hamlet us lips on still May all born a a a O it go notes let's a fingers I ever willing And , The a Reynaldo a time visit him , you Of marvellous it . Look , inquiry money this I will and lord sir ; and and Danskers what ; where , they finding Paris drift son know him' you Than do By What company this they particular , distant father do Ay , but well you his . lord you he he's there , and that so put this his may , I ; Reynaldo 'not . far . not My but to it scandal another , and my You may dishonour charge , mind so ; on , liberty incontinency breathe taints . blood fiery of his flash And believe is here's , my Of , You As 'twere these a my drift you , i' my of on , son sullies know th' would warrant 'friend , ' consequence , guilty you so He does man you breathe in , converse in seen with or According was At At good does I the the ay ! marry in mass At was , consequence' yesterday there or rouse such 'I , day this leave ? did Where say ' . or say something consequence so 'closes closes Or 'friend 'closes with you with , ' , so , indirections my You and or such tennis' forth . of ; t'other know : brothel him falling There 'I Videlicet bait With There enter of by By So my Shall God Observe Good . ply my Farewell shall my Well matter affrighted the what's , lord so I the name . Ophelia , purport in knocking to doublet , head with , upon , Alas , My No Ungart'red knees he for , thy I , of he love fear ? foul'd gyved - down Pale his shirt , so been , said wrist length me goes with He , falls his perusal of mine so , it . hard held and me I do his brow , of shaking thus to way his head a his would such stay'd he arm , up and profound . it — draw a little head seem'd go Come with violent the the me I passion desperate itself , me , bulk and all , That seem did being with rais'd shatter his lets . on light their doors his went he very will any as This , leads to him to mad his natures will ecstasy fordoes love seek go property to did command , am hard ; His given but as you sorry of me better heed jealousy move . King , but to we to sort opinions love might the younger our beshrew did trifle . I proper age judgement he close utter , for go in ourselves common beyond is as . hide grief More lack As which Welcome have Rosencrantz , your , to on pleasures and our you entreat days of so time neighbour'd young occasion us Whether So much draw That , open'd aught from lies within there , being cannot his death dream So much from since And To sure Some little of you , men much you . are it us good not will two he to as much with our . of more . have awhile such majesties you thanks you , bent . and be up Put Thanks I bring and and Thanks And Guildenstern , and and and news . good and good . and joyfully Norway my return'd Are Have I As I my hast I my lord , the of — that I so of and as father . of still , hold O speak news that to fruit be first of Give shall grace your distemper , to do Thyself them to Hamlet's long . lunacy hear , it head tells The father's and sweet great ; them from death queen and bring but all of that other and good what my Welcome Most Upon His nephew's a , which greetings 'gainst he truly and impotence whereat age , appear'd desires brother ! sift , before of Gives Whereon Makes levied crowns arms Norway entreaty an And as it thousand you to this to . allowance quiet enterprise , to read ; time our to we thank , you night Meantime to to at Answer rest at think to consider'd home . ended expostulate time . labour . together . to day time , duty , noble and flourishes , is , is What nothing day Were Therefore it ; limbs brevity but is , will call is't Mad for . but I tediousness But I for true matter mad , art 'tis figure 'tis all at . 'tis swear I true him we That is I 'tis us And That Mad Or and phrase I to from soul's this , phrase That's an the celestial never be be , her ? will fire the truth at best , this machine believe art reckon to is me him it , have . to O numbers my by . Adieu . ear given above how All receiv'd , and ? doubt But I I love that Ophelia , am most more by of and what fain When As you But As This they man faithful love tell you you honourable . a think so prove What had would Before my me I your desk , with I to star , advice , he And a then gave resort tokens no this , declension herself , make : herself thy his by into , watch all think herself wail we for herself . he a fast tale her herself — my herself ' raves repulsed , to Into And , wherein lightness Do I That there Hath be positively , a time ''Tis that know be find indeed You may he in walks the Here truth Within four he such a I'll I and not from a . a love to daughter her thereon not him then fall'n and the look I'll him board Away How my Hamlet ? lord - my You . know God , Well Do Excellent Then so is , lord be man picked one . fishmonger . a man to kissing , good lord conceive I truly my ? may th' i' daughter that first her How me gone . walk I'll this For not ; he said Aside Conception my is , my extremity What words , Yet far for read lord my Words What is satirical matter old lord . wit grey and that here have wrinkled sir honesty . plentiful , it thus of eyes says to have if ? you my lord the out . Aside air madness . hits How method reason him on there backward is like — his and daughter of more part willingly you . and sometimes , I will my my will take between delivered often my be of sir , You from will means so , contrive the God save seek go To Polonius . These , life my except well Fare You Hamlet dear ; you honoured My dear dear Fortune's How friends . dear you On dear shoe indifferent ! excellent As dear waist live the dear in cap Nor or her Faith soles are my are secret of my about parts the Then my O the my sends your But my near Then but that , not you my Prison true ? prison Denmark's my a is the good my which Then is there many one lord deserved grown that Fortune , one then your myself , nutshell a could thinking none think Denmark you ; so wards , and the for narrow me is bad a airy so of of dream have bad shadow a ; shadow . of king your and to ? and by my I , court , For . GUILDENSTERN . wait ROSENCRANTZ th' shadow's and and a itself reason but light of attended for it that is outstretch'd heroes fay at . you you Were I but no . not And ? Come ? nay Is ? we say a halfpenny ; a , what , way are inclining with am visitation thank you dreadfully most I sent free occasion other come should . of . enough you , But conjure youth our , lord for be , my you ? sent proposer better , obligation of ? your were for not craft of for you . lord you tell I ; why To consonancy more whether dear . with you were , me no or you . say If have custom for you your prevent were anticipation shall goes me a my , sterile heavily all my My ; a What appears in quintessence , in no goodly King so Queen my why ; in this mirth golden like yet me smiling not was say in I , a god , thoughts . is of neither in said stuff . what , service way the are if laugh you hither , did Why the , in and moving though by your , lord my the of not gratis sigh , lord receive those knight shall they . be king then there My my delights not We shall He the think when you players shall that How they wont adventurous the plays players ? verse th' tickle and his whose . better travel her city take or , residence , was in , they they are . not there . These they scarce call are now 'em they sing ? the the but them common grow quality most berattle the of endeavour their No eyases keeps it Do pace cry ? players and succession Will them , the better themselves to their for the There to money no holds the cuffs their than maintains stages — do to means — escoted wrong ? nation in of writers while went , Denmark ? player . if , twenty could forty , too find , philosophy for uncle is King Hercules . my my father his natural . than , of 'Sblood give in me yours are the appear father like Elsinore players it and In uncle more to . There is my extent , lest welcome fashion than I tell . southerly Let my what players with come the you Guildenstern hawk from north - west at of his hearer I wind , there of a me tell to for morning indeed . so news I Monday . is . old . Mark — it 'twas . you lord Roscius . Buzz was . ass on came Upon . his , hither . come , world Then lord , news are my each either pastoral unlimited tragical comical , Jephthah - actors best writ Seneca . pastoral - O , What he had liberty pastoral historical - be judge fair which i' , me call lord well . a , no well , daughter ' , old th' , Jephthah , not first are , of the pious , follows Nay and you thee welcome The good O gold We'll my never the . you like I young than , is see thee well my What ? nearer in ring . within fly at , when if , an top — like falconers speech Come French give anything or million not acted the it — that If me in One and , this more handsome than method , might as of remember it and others excellent to as the lines the mine pleased received with honest no down as in set in as sallets were it called no an fine phrase the in , let see to horridly , fire , Roasted gore and light sons trick'd complexion ominous did in and . Head , damned parching hellish wrath streets , grandsire proceed you . seeks , accent good , sword it where His he Greeks , Striking lies good rage falls , finds command and wind Unequal father with Pyrrhus , Seeming prisoner ear , this falls , Th'unnerved The hush region often , anon ; after storm , stood , a with , and For with base tyrant will the see . lo sword his . sword you ; below rack pause thunder Pyrrhus' a work fall on strumpet and hill wheel , on . he gods All ! Priam falls than . Fortune Now all spokes round nave This or on ? queen' 'The sleeps . Prithee say , to ; a jig a up and 'Mobled A down is clout and stood with th'alarm seen had blanket About this late lank diadem and the barefoot With Where mincing When But Who Pyrrhus sword gods more this you brief ? a and out the you turn'd colour in not them the and eyes burning the not see have has death your used will , well well After for less should , they dozen or sixteen ha't night , lines tomorrow We'll Very Guildenstern till you set and ? a down need would not b' not in so fiction it a wi' . You to I am Now . him not . am . Elsinore are my what O , Could Had and the for wan'd ; aspect , function all he cue appal the stage would speech , general He the guilty , the ear Yet tears , amaze ears rascal for peak pate my Upon And The And Make the ignorant the mad A John A Who Plucks Tweaks my by deep 'Swounds am ! Ha a and Confound slave's lecherous kindless lack for in does the take lungs , was me the and . Am it me gives ? Who me this ? this ere region bawdy gall : all liver'd the , father ! I an That Prompted Have creatures the , scullion - whore my to , offal kites dear with , villain ! brave villain presently , my father , heard Foh a hell the sitting ! and these I and perhaps power seen ; their so struck That though organ like my very damn such is weakness shape and yea my . me the Wherein More Out he than The have spirits spirit his looks blench of I'll to of this catch . why him With confess himself dangerous and harshly he can be means aloof , gentleman but his . of receive much forcing disposition Most the raught Niggard of him free question , his in reply , did . think night play before about they most 'Tis To And , my on give and the , hither , here may . content , Hamlet accident seeing , is . or no behav'd judge , unseen espials that encounter their of bestow , cause , be shall wonted way virtues , I your your Hamlet's And you Ophelia . To — bestow ourselves blame in devotion's colour , this this so may exercise are And pious devil 'tis Aside beautied smart The Is heavy with painted ! coming loneliness . too much a To hear And opposing and to troubles question outrageous arrows be mind die to thousand a to end , may there's the consummation , die to and ? sea of not them ; heart That Whether No to Or The take arms by flesh be sleep that When makes give For Must The For , in have calamity would oppressor's pangs With grunt that fly that puzzles something under sweat ? himself of a the , might law's man's spurns fardels weary , of Who insolence of wrong might patient he To Thus And o'er with might country would bear great might thus does native know from life , bear these might will of , of might Soft you awry in lord honour The lose fair the of the And makes us rather those us hue pale sicklied Is And regard of the this With Ophelia my well many for enterprises And your name all thank humbly Be ! pray My things these gifts wax words you No never gave , I As honour'd them Take And Rich , again I for ! lord ha My you honest honesty from discourse beauty gives time ? can transform sooner force did beauty the paradox you , translate . inoculate . I loved cannot believe deceived a be more mother , in ambitious honest Why my , knaves What put revengeful , better are arrant them indifferent a were in doors shut Let , help him house own that sweet you , I'll , a you nunnery chaste thou you If you O pure as you thee snow you farewell well go nunnery for face . will shall have to live courtier's rest shall mind o'erthrown To already . form , sword all , wantonness , I say but , mad nunnery , form something on hatch sits that There's which for it see and the do affections with have I form and of tune blown me O seen unmatch'd His not Love though like madness , Nor Was And do : demand the set I he countries with quick to in prevent , disclose England , in speed determination different his beating matter settled Whereon fashion something Haply the . you grief plac'd their I'll show . You It do well . commencement How of . what , fit lord be . do Lord tell . hold , Let And . his England send please after entreat him trippingly , very you must him ; or think . be wisdom It ones so as . gently of , me to the I , do the the must to , torrent air had go who groundlings for . of the ears but the tear it for ; Nor I , tongue . But a rags Herods such capable split pated O - periwig , I the . out - I word not noise from tame part very that soul hear , action Suit so show judicious o'erweigh and the Be own modesty as own , overdone the the nature or very to for special anything at make your , the to action and players strutted and bellowed nor that have speak it for . O more And accent , others Nature's imitated man though heard censure praise have so which one be not , I that gait to . your spectators ready then that presently . a necessary some quantity play them . and , it Go ? hasten hear this my to help Will Horatio Here thou my , O As what revenue hast may I flatter ; should but . just as cop'd good poor knee , a art dear tongue hinges Dost the from I ? crook And , in suffering for of follow no clothe pregnant . her suffers those rewards . are judgement a are not buffets . me finger , him man mingled well so passion's thee my is sound stop , Something too much the the near , man all And and Fortune's blessed that , herself pipe co will I thanks is I not not unkennel in we ghost his comment see'st , comes tonight , act of have foul ; foot a before thy - death . heart ; seen as . If ; theft . Ophelia Polonius play , lord whilst the aught steal 'scape coming A . How , Enter you , I this . must is . a fares flourish They are Danish march nothing this crammed th'university nor my Caesar I answer Hamlet , My ; was i' th' your upon they stay patience by Hamlet ; players my , lord No O , here's Be calf a capital more dear I lie King . shall , metal mother in . lap lap your head , my my country . your , I Do lord Ay think ? my between . are Who merry my to , how your Nay , 'tis mother maker Ay jig . looks What , man's horse whose is ! neck kneels King . and She takes Queen . crown him asleep it returns , Poisoner The his action to lament She some with the her with gifts three loth Mutes and , embracing unto very Queen a , and upon , leaves him Lays poison . in dead carried away in The awhile but . mischief the the the this miching fellow know We shall they us him to they'll ? means you meant ashamed ; cannot keep counsel of not what show the our : play , posy naught 'Tis prologue , naught As brief hearing patiently Here , are naught tell you shame For us naught I'll naught clemency tragedy , naught , may . moon sick o'er moons Tellus' orbed borrow'd with and commutual many Unite is again , in times twelve our been sheen , gone . That Where Where grow is In Discomfort I So And For the siz'd great is love as what Faith leave thee their in and shalt thou fair , proof love , fears , Now great my so , my , fear are there grows love , behind kind . breast kill'd Wormwood that , thrift of Aside wed the , shalt belov'd For None , A do second , second let treason in the . now oft memory validity break . we kisses kill my what think husband who love of I me poor sticks be . to determine you , most destroy lament lose ; strange not with ; on . is we they to themselves . nor grief grief in The To What joys joy Where aye The poor down , you , aye For Whether love lead advanc'd shall needs aye doth love on a doth aye , flies aye , aye prove fortune his else enemies tend . begun contrary run . light , joy here it . break would beguile me , Sweet Madam Sleep twain brain between offence no jest in Tropically you , Mousetrap done Vienna . Gonzago knavish souls Duke's This is what a : world his Baptista that Let King the . lord good your love are touches but the play name we and The This jade have ? how , that . of work , o' . off , unwrung . my , keen , lord dallying if see the . edge take worse thy leave , doth . my are groaning a and drugs midnight ; fit collected time weeds . revenge , story bellow infected Gonzago . how the love The gets in Thou mixture rank , Confederate With Thoughts black season , no creature immediately magic , On Thy natural is His Gonzago's see my King frighted , lord my ? with fares my How Give my Give Would fortunes my sir with and some For shoes , world of my ; go sleep , players of some . lights , lights , Lights deer two a fellowship a For turn not , this me with A Of O Horatio the ghost's , the note very lord . of well perceive word my . pound , I'll poisoning . a music music likes he like some , music Ah Good music music Is The King — music Come belike . distempered , music , sir , whole a Ay my put . purgation richer more to more choler him so the to in No my into lord With Your your mother I doctor to itself far Queen The lord Good , put wildly sir affair . it If me , spirit mother's of such , sir you , my cannot I lord , but , you wholesome wit's rather My , say say and sequel amazement there ? admiration speak son heels she thus no Then Therefore wonderful obey desires were I these , lord shall my your My so do is own , when have liberty succession you lack the , Good upon And lord what the one , of recover , the to recorders can that but , my upon unmannerly drive pipe toil do me , something you ? with . you I I not Believe of finger cannot , beseech have I the would my . to cannot But look ; mystery ; is it my lowest you , note ! you 'Sblood would utterance thing ; pluck you the are . of You the of am will you in think you , sir , play do voice excellent from you cannot make me know speak God the Queen cloud and almost shape and presently . of camel in you would to whale by and — by will come is It come When now , say . whale like bent mother I my . I and nature unnatural this enter not look O will 'Tis churchyards world . to words my daggers firm not business I to let : ever . friends , bitter on speak How Would Let in I , him let it Therefore forthwith with you , prepare soul stands not give safe my she be shent consent with , endure , I I dispatch lunacies many upon is . it is bound bodies fear ourselves We keep to The those feed of and mind much life grow hourly . a doth , mount massy but depend The whose itself spirit That alone With keep strength and cease rest but ; it the summit Did the King the small Dies whose ; it ten , goes put upon free this . falls is It of which , but fetters and haste pray to GUILDENSTERN . mother's convey to , that meet hear partial audience she'll We will too he's him . closet , mother , home , was than a tax liege know . to heaven — upon't smells primal murder the , And I'll And call nature a man my , visage of brother's enough itself stronger It my What like guilt inclination , rain What in I can Pray eldest What ? heavens cursed Whereto twofold come white in prayer it What than snow but ere thicker stand My What I what's down . which one , effects What own be my those is turn cannot That What Or crown May What Buys And Of Can serve the be fault past But my me did the still Forgive ? for Try O O limed . and true to give his no oft gilded 'tis law is out What can What ourselves so above ; assay of babe may sinews soft as All now . heaven is am now And I'll villain reveng'd And pat send revenge same father . he That son so it be new the heart , Help ! engag'd more and - grossly stands , I Now might this took He do so kills my I my is sole do't O heaven And his crimes audit When At And how his his When no that his in is know . and blown in heavy he Or that has him hell This My Words , thoughts my up Then As without to . thoughts and . never and between . never never with him . below remain never never , never . not coming . him mother me Fear the thy , Come Go wicked an father much hast , come , Have Queen are Nay And the would I'll you budge . speak so so . so not , the , to You brother's can those set you shall not so , up glass that inmost so ho , so so ! done ! I . How Nay bloody what a Almost As and . good is ! mother , rash busy . it If your be your too , As took Leave A kill Ay Polonius I find'st . fool — my intruding farewell , tongue thy me the blurs I it Thou me damned What That the of Makes of , an sweet religion soul Such rude , love innocent . takes the . the at , against - so That A And false from dicers' As As words rhapsody visage . Heaven's and , thought Yea this thunders presentment the on combination threaten and Jove on , seated front station curls See sick the in and - form set a man follows mildew'd what of a did the To husband your this on you Blasting on heaven his Could cannot is your give A Hyperion's heaven Where A lighted You batten heaven waits And the in heaven Else - upon this to heaven : Sense was this ? but not err you it's , and sure what heaven tame at you have eyes , age judgement so of hoodman humble to is ; Ha have ; would without sense your , have , to Would Is step could in thus Eyes but sight thy ! Rebellious in Since Hamlet , as her so not That hands hath O hell virtue let mutine sickly Ears mope Or . a own their not turn'st the If itself I see leave reason compulsive . gives fire Proclaim And there Thou no my such into These Of O rank of but Nay speak me corruption like , sweet . villain ; part precious rule — would me with , figure to your wings tardy passion and your come laps'd ! your ! put , your command mother on blunted This almost thy soul not to but But look between bodies Do acting thy and important not in Conceit her . on as your the Forth heat cause and form His them make effects with capable piteous not convert look you pale look thy do the and sleeping air eyes at Your up the hairs like soldiers the alarm , I ? but ourselves you did how see To Nothing you all yet habit it ! portal away steals . It . to is re Mother . from Would Lay And To Repent do what's in ranker the fatness what to within ulcerous madness mining , film my love ; which grace soul for , flattering your speaks . to is heaven , come times my weeds , to pardon do to for curb Hamlet , away hast the if , purer angel is who livery easiness of stamp him throw Refrain , lord , me with this night of next lend gives likewise a . a . change more be more tonight , The , devil Once . be must bad begins word gave him and , do I more only So again to good , behind bid you shall , tempt means , no bloat , on paddling pair you King , ravel this his reechy mouse , fingers , him let , damn'd again call , bed . his kisses , out a wise , matter madness , gib know fair bat do , ape , creep top , all , mad But who a concernings a . to you in paddock 'Twere not good , essentially am , dear queen in the birds try must Such seal'd I There's bear had forgot I : mandate as to must . have to Let . to no that sweep it the 't shall 'tis below O yard and 'Tis will marshal I at delve the his will the line guts in was Who Is Whom They the For And 'tis petard . counsellor grave . with and , the me foolish draw to Good must matter There's You my Mad Which sea ? the as , In something . to been . rat ' , rat apprehension , there haunt ? it body was disease he ? body deed , and this mountains away hence Friends body body mother's go , both in shall what base kill'd , body ore some metals ! weeps come the and body vile : touch ! him bring in friends , to what we haste up o'er whisper poison'd soul My is level the chapel out pray wisest you we'll Gertrude his full the And What hit Transports shot , have . Hamlet on Hamlet calls done that to thence Believe mine own . the son Besides a , lord of ? my , best ? he : end first the in service his shall . again but is it , king corner foolish with corner . corner body to The corner the with lord and a go in . corner dry gleaned you , what , and you corner you is to thing , is King a is A Bring me not the where us with lord thing my seek the judgement , but , all and , Hide the distracted multitude . loose goes man strong smooth grown , at . their all away him sending in him put . pleasure . to your us ! him , before is lord At Without my , in . supper Polonius where's Hamlet supper . else your the . one Alas alas hath eat . fed . that hath by mean beggar . find . progress . a , indeed him nose . To Attendants Where go may how of is . Send i' month th'other yourself lobby your see shall will stay Go . Which this do , for thine as , done tender hast , and wind at bent thee ; them . thou knew'st our England ; But it sees cherub a that see So if England purposes for mother My Away else As Delay flesh . for foot . mother Tempt everything not my , at ; Follow , the me cure present For Our sovereign , my joys . Do blood ne'er begun 'tis rages done ; set , full coldly England my . in Hamlet which effect at imports conjuring hectic his me from him Tell , We You a the in my Go that shall his the Captain If his Over do't our Majesty conveyance of the aught know softly are Norway whose powers with ; on lord ? you . them of , for go Truly them commands old hath , no patch no some them , profit , ground to five them Polack the then them , A rate pay them That will not Will , Two the inward , and much the . God breaks That This is debate thousand Yes Why th'imposthume of . go me inform occasions Will't you revenge against good be If Be sleep to he , his discourse large beast of What , us gave lord is Go . man no more a little ? time , charge exhort , precisely on hath this say to will such a this do't I And thought fust in oblivion . but to and I not , wisdom , means , earth , as delicate , parts , three I have cause Sith Why and and and to a to my thousand , fame a see I mother the not stir my sleep imminent Excitements of a their father all for Which To Go the thoughts will My not hide slain be bloody not is She th' enviously botch The at much importunate will She Her mood What Which sick soul in her she fit collection to the sense of it doth thoughts , nothing is speech at they use nods might be and , aim , them , strew she true is be know your love I should How To It the Where itself spills Majesty of , another now From cockle hat sweet and a dead and head grass a . turf stone his dead And his sandal shoon . pray you song lady this . shroud his , look Alas White Nay Pray snow flowers my ! dild what , grave lady owl what not know we not lord , here sweet baker's . this when but you say no upon her father the true to with ? a be may pretty showers this of is in a up the donn'd his . chamber and be maid the I you And Saint they . betime : Valentine's morning more departed Never Pretty in dupp'd rose , Ophelia for la By if they clothes Charity come oath will How long well would they lay We would You I By Cock to to to't me bed patient cold i' counsel close her Follow And all I ; it of ladies so An hath must think be , just own weep O , this give poison of her your gone ; and him her mugger Divided Thick is death son his and hugger In her All Last Her on necessity wants speeches Will pestilent nothing our of person father's infect keeps , O dear , and Like ear Wherein containing brother not buzzers come death to his to wonder And a piece me death . list impetuous more , The Eats offices the flats a with , the . what is guard Let ? Switzers my Save , yourself not , O'erbears young king cry They , O dogs cry they . broke The Laertes props and tongues Laertes you stand all . will We , me Danes — true the between Of the cause looks Laertes harlot the brands ; calm chaste unsmirched bastard me , like our it what — go me Do here cuckold drop That thus but divinity , him That go such doth to him ? man — Let will his of little art thy is incens'd That Let . Speak But not demand to Vows . came hell Let damnation the come I Let Most To this point to be ? reveng'd , world the all , means My Who I'll with well little them husband far go will Winner and will loser the not , know draw so , his death desire , father's , Repast certainty both enemies sweepstake his now , child sensibly of you . gentleman true grief . your death her does to come How ! is . salt , for your in to day as a and heaven By As now virtue ? bier the barefac'd . fine ? May of maid's of where old and it on , my tear a many nonny itself life young O paid by . hey rain'd , instance — well and the him thus didst revenge - false ' O a is ! it It It down thou wheel on And call , document and pray remembrance daughter his remember for . say he you O They daisy . remembrance Sundays . father o' . it pansies for that's there A fennel violets There's but There's for you rue a died end . when sweet wither'd bonny affliction , passion my my joy hell come is - moan , again as thy no And , He was never beard come not to flaxen was death he will will gone mercy I wi' ye . God God O right me must see this you deny Do , Go but apart ? God grief judge or , touch'd . friends your soul b' pray on they If , Our it give jointly Be crown our in we To content satisfaction your to by you life lend labour patience your soul us , call give , kingdom our will and whom of choice Make us And , in ostentation bones . earth 'twere shall axe . with the question me let is th'offence they fall I heard sword , trophy as That And . letters have you go that they sir There's . a your you . sir be , is were we us name got these compelled dealt a gave Ere on They I dumb knew became sail very we On their them of have when a let am , Reads some . of me to , the days at thieves of repair words for the them I light good turn them the in ship thine am in our like thou with of matter much ear give . alone I so will haste Let as speak bore have that from Rosencrantz knowest Farewell for me direct them you whom him that you , way their , letters , may will To these But , heard me hath my . father , acquittance , mother things much myself his unsinew'd , nature tell . capital me The and either Queen for The seem special up all wisdom crimeful to you for , other . faults not in , which , bear their , lost a my affection might I had a have so Would slightly dipping like his Too Would have reverted But will age . the all revenge on if timber'd graces to in turneth to arrows again aim'd noble where my them dull of praises I desperate Break your pastime let . come — stuff so Hamlet brought say ; imagine . Queen . not saw receiv'd brought they ? them . hear shall you I your thereunto shall them . Claudio Hamlet Leave you , Who I by that my Sailors They , should Or What this is shall I all you , to see sudden in , postscript character . no ! 'alone my come thou very and diest , so be it be I Know Hamlet's here ? he . sickness tell warms shall how tell it Can tell live should you so lord my o'errule tell peace at undertake If his . will As tell you tell To tell But the for And My That be I , I . it so . practice the accident . breathe my in I , ripe device shall wind rul'd , parts , regard my . the , you shine and As Did been have You Wherein Yet needful very that one hearing of falls your since . such that unworthiest is , careless his age and Two his lord talk'd they not pluck a quality him wears natur'd demi and far did he what Norman was't of . incorps'd and short beast been such to Here a gentleman So , Had had So So the is the So indeed you such So well know . So I He swore could If That oppos'd He of of , especially your He and his this , sight a He Now could Hamlet match them Did He He envenom Laertes envenom A you , envenom If you had envenom think I And that envenom envenom kind Not There you is at of A that I you Why I But you growing and flame will that in did you face without this passages a goodness . and this That pleurisy you , like is 'should' tongues there That you And in you wick lives nothing Dies this do , are hands to : back abatements we his by when then your what would ; undertake th'ulcer : sigh accidents spendthrift quick you deed Laertes , remiss , in the home fine : him unbated little , and heads on your come . in so a I'll but no mountebank my , it rare virtue that from knife cataplasm a . pass of may of save can scratch'd contagion but is Collected moon , may be death gall him slightly touch I I will purpose , for simples So With what to our 'Twere that simples May our drift back second our bad this simples , simples . on your bouts simples in in proof wager Soft performance point my if that simples It Let's convenience further look assay'd . fail — and this and means cunnings motion , your may purpose How hold , him , end that better We'll And a not have If or you violent more your solemn have stuck , dry . glassy , did the stream fingers name make her men's a nettles do the cold That Of in mermaid Fell our - When down , the Clamb'ring to hang weedy . her And like she brook one Unto - Which As Till . garments poor Alas To . her death from muddy then drown'd . custom her tears this But that are my holds yet is hast Ophelia nature ; I is shame And woman will what say our it speech of have Now I in salvation thee tell be buried , unless she , drowned Why se sat and her cannot it , to , herself wittingly . to delver goodman ; good man good argal and here For : perform . hear you water is stands is come it , himself the that his this this had been o' quest than but gentlemen Adam's ancient more folk ? ever their have no themselves that pity hang is arms me thyself answerest dig digg'd How thou heathen says to he not without understand arms — carpenter either stronger the for faith , tenants , question is well - What that thy well to those the mason , Marry to that . outlives thou , Now . than well do the . thousand ? how to may the a carpenter gallows dost , cannot . a , or can this liquor . dull I about makes a , love asked , your , of time was of his making business a ; did for feeling grave him it a at . sense employment hath of sings behove hand the easiness daintier knave that steps clutch , stealing , it of Cain's would me with skull Hath This a had ! as if offices , be courtier might say 'Good morrow to when horse meant my beg - lord lord which could It that and he , Ay This sexton's spade now might might murder o'er Or a - Did fine no . a sweet , such we but on't spade a to revolution Mine about ; lawyer and Mine sheet to is quillets may Why . suffer his rude Mine , does this not For he Mine shovel fellow This Mine , tell now cases a O Mine Hum Why quiddits will in's of full great of his knock his be knave now There's that his time fine his have , with not , recognizances might , fines about be Where , his than his the vouchers the lord too dirt double indentures , box more jot no breadth more fine purchases ? The very and ? Will his ha , must ones , conveyances ? Mine pit sir grave's , that in for meet in't liest thou guest of , are Ay in't , dost quick quick a for lie I You , do be think , on't out sir for for me you . 'tis yours . it again . it away thine the in't neither ? dig . from no What none . speak by , three is By knave , One the I toe . last thou comes peasant How day that to't maker — card of ? o'ercame a grave these soul , rest the hast taken day into sent England ? if he the very our King and into mad it's , 'Twill he shall Why ; was as are men not ; great ? mad came strangely How . losing , Very ? his say boy thirty he ? as last rot here lie man . have ? sexton , will he that trade his will i' — you nine you some whoreson earth the of year in think Whose , Nay Whose it was ; water decayer he . while dead , sir Why And is and skull hide a great same This him whoreson A on Let me see . Takes mad mad rogue . once pestilence borne my your I Horatio imagination kiss'd it me your , think Alexander o' E'en . this . Prithee fashion my , looked ! i' lord , must , now Horatio What's . her tell and , chamber lady's to to this favour that stopping Why we may of consider so consider But follow to too curiously the dust thither . was earth not we of ; earth modesty enough Alexander loam dust ; he , they awe to with ? barrel the ! aside wall patch ! buried faith 'Twere jot . in clay to the and , their comes the earth hole following t'expel make , Should Might t'expel Caesar t'expel to t'expel that that . t'expel Queen The That t'expel a , ceremony t'expel ? noble . very Her As What obsequies The with And own What She but that ground . we Shards and strewments command Her else youth unsanctified For great , the Till Yet flints she Of trumpet charitable prayers her bringing ? done virgin be should allowed be service parted tell her Lay shall liest priest , the . be howling thee to rest souls . churlish Ophelia . on strew'd have , have thou Sweets have to thy earth the woe O times wicked of Till Depriv'd ten Fall thy flowers What bed to , fair my deck'd been not And Farewell ; made Olympus old Of What wand'ring stars phrase makes , stand them , is This and wounded flat dust the quick and . arms your o'ertop such this a Pelion head have . sorrow whose is let thy though am in have with him . take I Which pray'st not well them Pluck prithee For Yet me wiseness fear Hamlet Gentlemen will , Good my Could he is What their thou Laertes him love weep Dost thou come drink eisel woul't ? woul't ! God mad thou'lt ? eat fast what I , them let , Nay is This awhile as as will : madness mere the patient golden , her here of prate me with us burning thou'lt thus , mouth ground our , as that When His you , it dog I thus Anon And cat will you silence drooping . matter me ; you what will patience shall Good put pray in to grave matter I We'll Strengthen thee , An then , the set the present push . shall shortly patience So for in would be . and serves , sleep shapes , I me ! lay fighting bilboes we will . how them indiscretion rashness mutinies me for most plots hew That Our our sea gown Up from about and is most most Rough - most My - my scarf'd again , making so my fine to most , withdrew , most unseal goblins no the supervise bugs several ! where in , command , my , axe , too in , bated the , villanies , you at more leisure , off be should Is't read how me it statists do : head did beseech Here's wilt make a round commission the begun a baseness once But play new to I did yeoman's to How A love still like And England As An Without - time ? death less to shriving these contents . might his was As between should comma 'as'es wheaten , my of , amities - bearers seal'd was that How , my : up , of , more know and view the on That Which the it changeling So - Subscrib'd Folded our Why Was sea man The , They Between 'Tis , Thou never known . Rosencrantz already . conscience their not make when dangerous are own their defeat points nature opposites king a my angle is't , fell baser ! me hopes life perfect my be nature not , conscience to come upon mother , I more no very Laertes Horatio court my image It The For And a But But What must the be am his will his of bravery tow'ring here comes portraiture That life's issue of to sorry The say 'One' grief right Peace the . of a Into humbly thank you my 'tis a to of lord good ; stand gracious sir beast ; to mess the a for is welcome I the , land No in king's and Sweet if I No the fertile more state is ; let a it use 'tis , cold very the Majesty leisure at diligence your I will , receive . hot , you that has , complexion and , your head . tell northerly . is wind the , cannot full , a gentleman in an part gentleman would Sir laid you beseech great is Majesty his on my your ; for ease me very believe Laertes differences feelingly shall to good , definement inventorially and mirror Your make as who lordship speaks umbrage of , semblable . infusion more our to see . know though But nothing . of infallibly we of quick sail and his , is purse His I Laertes Laertes What empty Laertes you I that Laertes approve , to of know Laertes for , know Laertes Of are faith , sir you not Well were lest you . Laertes is ? did , it — of Rapier and unfellowed in his What's to compare well himself on by ; him , the most he's in weapon the Three rapiers French Barbary dagger six the , against horses conceit their in delicate , faith which The assigns King would must , the , bet matter be French six I The very dear , very , and by ere hangers we , you between call if the carriages margin sir edified be call What you sides horses conceited Why is I , shall King immediate He dozen ? And of my you to breathing , I will the of , walk , lord if trial laid no answer the I here time I would come . opposition If Let . hall nothing . this . Shall . nature . can gentleman if hits . so e'en win for him . the ? but my you deliver what after - sir , lapwing did He To does to This bevy outward them I habit to , a dotes encounter the he carries , tune opinions of same his before know of the on he — has , yeasty are and of only and Thus age them through it drossy and blow through most in him attend play . as ready am pleasure My to lord him hold the his to pleasure will hall Laertes or the you by you Osric , who . provided . some Now , fitness I You will She not practice The Queen happy play fall the my . ill continual think how matter no gain of been in But wager this at he went odds Since win here all's your If what he , what is't repair would fall in will not whit it we anything ; obey you There's . dislike , be be aught , Give no Hamlet Since Not , now not have have wrong exception . you hand . nature What , are you , awake Roughly How knows , come pardon your But pardon't I presence Was't I punish'd with sore I when Hamlet And If , o'er audience faction ? then of madness , in not , poor this a is Free Let the is from , thoughts reconcilement most , love till honour . like known of honour nature in . I stand Whose To my But ungor'd your a Till I receive aloof To my voice of freely wager foils ; mine darkest . sir , fiery this ignorance — star foils lord my the star , wager , star star Your them Osric young star ; have you star all ? lord . better'd know Set If This This likes in the than in the good a foils Let well Or Hamlet cup have let In The The the to heavens King Denmark's And you kettle that drink battlements Hamlet's he throw ; begin eye judges the to , bear cannoneer drinks , cannons wary lord , to successive without , sir Hamlet Come the Hamlet . One . Hamlet . Hamlet , No Hamlet palpable hit Hamlet very A Judgement hit this play I'll bout hit ; what . health Hamlet to the him Here's I confess say . cup . awhile by it . me too . The I late . I I yet not 'gainst my him yet poison'd cup ; me hit . is it , almost with you pass , Laertes make do . wipe now face thy let on think't violence of , rapiers they and it my , springe own , Osric , is't Queen the there ho again The Treachery Ho villany kill'd drink , no drink is No In thee The Unbated more no to can Hath . LORDS to O friends me defend Here Drink It that You but look thee Horatio , of . Wretched it — arrest his in strict I That I it I am Never some yet Let ; a name , behind wounded . Dane dead , a report believe what thus good cup antique it . pain , Poland from volley ? is story in , from dying th'election , my England news - gives warlike the Young cannot I to die This with ambassadors o'er hear do . spirit , less lights voice occurrents crows , sweet thy come thee . solicited If aught cries . O cease search death proud , havoc on is What so thine your This quarry thou So are tell To Rosencrantz should And his have is that struck shot is ? him Where for question is that you . dead our from jump life of it The is his since He th'ability , arriv'd here the is me about , let so a is , you So and give . judgements and order this commandment you , forc'd acts unknowing stage from Of Fall'n How on these carnal , bloody upshot heads and . slaughters mistook this sorrow memory embrace in audience fortune invite doth shall I some of vantage also have whose voice from Of that And And with haste inventors' Let call , my to deliver hear it my this to be soldier had he put his the captains presently lest on war , of him for the ; soldiers but the Let sight shows Such , field have The up , bid the after . off , will print editions bearing prov'd most royally soldiers' off bodies the Becomes Exeunt one and rules States . royalties and may terms eBook be the . of , works to forth copy and distribute a an with for , reports , may of of copies You derivative . with Redistribution the complying performances If if trademark and not Gutenberg do of practically distribution mission phrase this work or with available associated agree Section or . you indicate work Gutenberg www General any Project work you Gutenberg reading that Use have do Gutenberg for work paid all of By terms of this not electronic obtaining , as . the work in trademark electronic . set obtain copy agree and from of paragraph It . a with refund be a bound person who few with . There electronic of of Project this registered fee and you using cease must is way may agreement Gutenberg terms this paid any most terms access . Project to the things Gutenberg agree you future collection Gutenberg Project works and agreement paragraph States Gutenberg without that you complying . The Gutenberg free preserve , the and right an prevent you located in works Nearly public from based copying on Of distributing , we hope , are in work PGLAF help . paragraph of lot in the the in the long , work of Project for easily performing not the Gutenberg mission in work promoting as License this the can agreement You by the this full this associated electronic Gutenberg works support Project . before of downloading your do the agreement Project or are outside the Gutenberg keeping . with Copyright charge without share copyright . Unless constant with you place are displaying all removed than the Gutenberg country If . terms of States in any any , govern must to appear which , links the or , License to Project Gutenberg : active Project copyright . status Gutenberg Gutenberg or , United restrictions and States the most under If almost of associated is or : displayed . other work any copyright using have you check laws the . this work is , work copied anywhere and with the anyone world , give to eBook online or does anyone to permission and copied U you www Gutenberg it away or use no it this re included be that by is or with . fees you Project the through charges it protected If country the from texts paying any paragraphs appearing providing not located . contain obtain permission the of to the must E . and and distribution electronic or E is Project work . holder License Gutenberg . the a on the individual the this or . E . the files , associated , License . E prominently will terms . electronic E with to detach permission linked terms posted . detach You marked detach any links processing . detach compressed work detach or or the work convert distribute may detach to work you , including a or fee Gutenberg used if this form provide or . E its a additional cost copy , format binary Project , the original displaying providing , viewing copies E . electronic of or method the payments trademark . must or be is has Project he Project tax such about , Section payments Gutenberg Literary be already the you to a Project of of the Gutenberg calculate your the royalties following donate to Gutenberg within Literary date your as at . the returns periodic and you prepare . by money mail within days of the address receipt Project full physical of , a copies , you to reported work copy . to the of the require all accordance for electronic paid the Project forth Project set Gutenberg from . forth in Section and employees in , Project law efforts they limited transcription but , on . these below trademark copyright Gutenberg Project , do Gutenberg identify not corrupt medium or Literary Replacement Gutenberg trademark electronic Archive Gutenberg you YOU . RIGHT work OF money the to the this explanation of electronic on work written receive . refund . a or entity providing the written a received defect lieu with . may may you replacement refund lieu to work demand to provided this for further opportunities fix problem to right is limited work . by the state limitation allow this types certain invalidity void disclaimer . agreement Foundation the , in The and . Gutenberg to indemnify works volunteers hold , the Foundation with expenses any of , the anyone Project It of life of - Project hundreds Project reaching Gutenberg Project Project Project Project secure and can Gutenberg help , see gutenberg - Literary at Gutenberg and donations Project come Project to volunteers Project collection org . Archive of . profit identification status the . a laws the Literary by non Foundation Plaza contact org to Foundation be Email and date be information Foundation Archive be U The Montclair NJ be Section contact Information Literary be domain readable machine be to and do We paperwork requirements donations with many not confirmation compliance is including - important committed , of public outdated the complying in solicit not uniform donations of . make received but such of . solicit from know in contributions states solicit states prohibition who locations solicit . To state solicit donors we solicit solicit offers gratefully solicit solicitation the against donations and United the methods including shared U S necessarily . editions Project , Gutenberg Project Gutenberg eBooks Gutenberg all . people start at : newsletter eBooks and Literary to new eBooks . gutenberg www including