Stand me . Stand Stand Nay Stand Stand Stand Stand most Stand Stand come twelve struck now sick Stand Who ? you reliev'd - Give has , farewell A piece good . him tonight , has have nothing again fantasy , it . him heaven of pole the from , that westward of myself , it dead . Horatio , it be , Horatio . to . away offended is it ! the march In What Together fair heaven By that . speak See speak Horatio think something You will and on't might I you true this and sensible , and not tremble more thee stalks , 'Tis Stay gone look ? pale . on had combated angry parle ; to . watch , not dead this gone at . our know , knows I of our scope eruption tell , observant land cannon ; task war sore whose of implements that - I goes now by , know prick'd on a most by and those conqueror ; lands compact , him Hamlet valiant Norway , us pride of , is which to full , resolutes no foresaid , blood , countrymen it where . demonstrated coming fates , the fierce preceding and illusion , voice , on together ! behold , it Unto our , thou there to to art thou may to to if Speak to , Extorted say , the spirits , to you uphoarded in . Stay , Do to to , Marcellus partisan . to it ! here here 'Tis if will at it not ! my stand majestical We do it faded Some in sea his and lofty or is 'gainst made truth air . tonight clad part hill it life , dew , o'er Break do't , Where Voltemand and Lords yet of , morning it ? I speak with , duty know , find him I bear The To memory hearts our hath we our Therefore we equal Taken Your With With In With in one auspicious funeral , a Our Or state He Lost Now follows disjoint pester So much of law . writ here , levies all are we Voltemand dispatch made , this is brother time have of those lands for we - uncle of nephew's , and . to Norway , here your commend articles , the duty . our show will all , For business it and ; to these In some of , the . power to Cornelius Of We haste no you let Giving and Farewell that what's what's And told And your what's not be . Laertes us You The what's Your From and What To show what's now Yet I what's thoughts and whence the what's is Than what's leave to to bow My to Have hath He to my your your them to father's gracious toward from bend again and to wrung leave me ; to seal'd ; go , it hard be to beseech his laboursome petition , graces him ? says Polonius slow last What ? consent my at my to thy Laertes than I lord am my it that How thy look , eye thine Hamlet the clouds much cast nighted that all with thy must father colour Denmark die the to friend in vailed lids . is common , nature be my , I with thee If it , madam ! so it inky alone not Nay particular cloak of breath good ? know not seems , river of might passeth of show . Hamlet woe ; father a the and , to for , his your in the duties obligation , know obstinate impious In do commendable , your that a man suits father But is sorrow mourning the trappings these and lost . give filial In To . a heart . a simple unfortified shows . 'tis dead vulgar our , in Fie . and till so he that you We think . whose fault sense to to a peevish , who . most are be the From 'This . To to As what Do It beseech that And As Than You we chiefest Our Let not I I pray shall stay us her , comfort cheer thy Be as 'tis my and unforc'd Madam , Hamlet to not prayers in Denmark cannon to that in gentle Why No the - great the the health thunder , whereof shall again . God , O world unweeded gross come an uses flat . had would dew ! God unprofitable in not this to nature two ! rank self and - me ! on't weary Oh That seed ; nay excellent months Possess That But Fie so Let so Like so so not think ; of appetite yet Frailty face so he to satyr two So That so Must what on fed As remember so so loving to my mother so — uncle she shoes Why , Heaven grown name were hang on month woman she body old within a is poor those thy ere , she which month tears O With followed — but ; of brother Than have mourn'd She With It married . most sheets her , unrighteous like month it for you forget do I ! well must your glad heart am Horatio , or , good And lordship ever . even you from Good And lord Wittenberg , glad My see to what am . so my Wittenberg , violence upon hard follow'd my , fellow - mother's . Elsinore in affair drink see bak'd meats . the came to I are depart . me your father's was , forth , my prithee I do had coldly ! The heaven Horatio foe tables . him saw he he he he ! while a he I father my he Saw ? King , The he he My the your the This Upon With Been Appears slow their and By Goes jelly and dreadful And them , thing The I to with length stately In My the speak . father , and ; we it where did I : and as like head to once did would shrunk morning then the at live do I And Indeed , And , toe lord . you do MARCELLUS , the but . BARNARDO watch . you and , Hold , We , Arm'd From lord , from saw Then to his foot face beaver anger in ? red Nay , constantly . been I have eyes It eyes While eyes eyes Very like eyes eyes eyes eyes with one I , watch silver'd tonight sable have seen in again A Perchance I will grizzled it If I It And it my walk 'twill peace in 'twixt eleven So , your well . should pray , not ; farewell were come ! well : play , spirit , as foul in still earth the necessaries sister My , convoy is let But Do For Hold , perfume of and No not The violet No , a of and Forward inward In permanent nature withal no his , not wide The thews The health subject of crescent but so ? birth persons on must and head the Whereof He he will nor he mind and soul it he that be unvalu'd soil this whole choice It and ; for : further no and loves may honour Denmark act to he Then his if far so wisdom your in saying voice your heart your , Ophelia , the unmask The of To Than Or If And The Fear it And , the before galls 'scapes the morn shot keep itself maid is prodigal the infants beauty of danger chariest in Too wary then itself shall Be Contagious blastments rebels th'effect their . ungracious and and puff'd of me . long too O And not , fear But here a upon is a Aboard shoulder There , in thoughts . vulgar means their adoption and thought by but with palm unfledg'd soul thy hatch'd ; beware , censure habit thine that - quarrel ear man Bear't Give Costly But thy each But them unto dull as apparel Neither For most select nor the both the borrowing of a oft follow : the in to each Of Take every not And they For in France borrower loses a lender and of itself husbandry be . lord servants my thee man the to self night to dulls proclaims rank chief best and own a loan above must canst time Farewell And humbly my not it This Most Thou And What So of Have Given And He daughter Do daughter such his daughter believe you ! do daughter daughter I daughter Which Or daughter daughter , Running My lord — That you not , In , springes almost hath you call to the Lends tongue Giving more burns : than vows , as it for take light heat these of your For , time making both daughter the , extinct blazes I do prodigal a From , soul is higher fire maiden young Hamlet rate presence this ; Lord . that , all suits they , he are walk is Ophelia ; few pious of . which ; given you for . is investments their unholy and This from . terms , plain slander . beguile . you with talk leisure Hamlet . cold . my obey nipping is it hour now eager . lacks an ? walk . of his rouse Rhenish thus pledge custom ; native is it , the than revel east a custom observance phrase height men mole vicious More to They That breaking some say Shall in else His As , be or Nature's infinite man censure take undergo , as , Fortune's may as general . lord my of health defend goblin or or blasts ! damn'd or grace heaven thee . to intents thy thee and Angels Be thou That To Have burst thy Wherein we ponderous thee saw cerements ; in marble What shake of souls nature , moon may in disposition of our What Wherefore reaches ? do we desire action removed . ground . Look It Do should my what pin's that ? I'll , follow itself do to at immortal . as it it lord fear the a cliff , form of sovereignty other of reason the sea the horrible , into toys madness puts into That And The draw Without very place to so looks It on My makes And am Still rul'd Be shall your cries off artery out in Nemean cries lion's Unhand cries me the , Go cries ghost of gentlemen I'll a I cries desperate waxes I'll make — this cries issue fit imagination . cries him on cries to the in direct will it state him me ? When Pity So a am thy father's term certain Make Would thy Like each blood didst O thou To ears , as in ! his Revenge most foul and unnatural murder most of it best , wings the and unnatural or to thee be than the , Now sleeping forged me that , this . ease thou I find shouldst itself in . revenge that out given serpent Wouldst 'Tis abus'd not stir A Hamlet me went to it a made I That Though of mine Will lust , sate ! soft me let Upon on on on The And an on enmity whose body ; on mine on on ; on crust brother's . and bark'd . tetter with instant blood So it with it droppings vigour blood posset , did eager sudden and quicksilver courses doth of the it hand : my ; head to sent on most unanel'd it my bear horrible Denmark not dispatch'd . near once , soul . be incest this damned thy act contrive be at lodge , my , else heart , not earth What old thee fie O instant Hold thee . globe sinews , while the distracted all from poor bear ghost , Yea me In wipe That And the villain Unmix'd may My At . sure you , O That one Within , is smile may . Hamlet secure . My and , lord sworn't . lord him , Heaven Illo So be Lord Lord . I adieu , Lord Lord Within , Lord it my lord bird come Lord Lord O my Lord is't my , my , lord Lord , Hillo , news , wonderful reveal you'll then , But , he's . at point shall my pray go — wild and business I'll words , whirling and for my and desire part — part , poor lord , heartily Patrick no There's desire friends may an by your honest offence Saint you me Give Never you are And What lord In faith , lord sword my , MARCELLUS you . not swear't lord not I . Nor We ha Come you my sword my lord sworn , on Ha , et Never to old Canst work remove , Once ! more , but as And O day and night more are in therefore things of before dreamt , in as strange are How heaven and earth , welcome it stranger never hereafter an antic times , seeing pronouncing or ; or of shall on phrase never me some doubtful this could 'We and most this to help need not to and be — 'There your me giving out . So me . Hamlet to go , and a love spirit do poor perturbed Swear Swear Beneath as you ; gentlemen , inquiry sir they Paris where and question it you and in . are ; you , keep nearer of come of his knowledge touch , what expense , and and son particular they Take you and As That Enquire and do and , who , What how and By demands you and but so please ; mean I he be him , very and if't may But and and As forgeries part so youth , sir To , Addicted , What such wanton , on none of far . the charge , in scandal season would dishonour another to taints breathe that , my flash A not That he put it on unreclaimed good That's Faith I Marry , Ay , soil'd little my know fetch you him you prenominate of guilty this , in the ever in 'friend or country or closes party Having sir thing a is drift , sullies , in youth ' By the mass , Or of falsehood and , we takes wisdom forth so lecture and out reach now — perchance of . assays and of with you ? not You . So you b' wi' my God my by lord Observe inclination Good . you yourself . lord music matter ? my my my my , my ankle stockings his , down knocking was my to name so God my other foul'd , my doublet , his his brow mine arm up waving and and down stay'd , me face my , he , so profound his lets all bulk me King . the , undertakings of seek , love heaven desperate property will without way his their . bended their on , of you hard am , did go — trifle . move might love King . sort opinions my he did age younger beshrew to close , you see utter the kept to we being Guildenstern and to you Something ; What I it . have call it heard provoke use did much sending have transformation th'exterior to . nor was so inward that thus entreat his in and brought by your may afflicts talk'd remedy of much lies , two adheres more sure whom As to he For the show To Your he I , us so am And expend your supply If unknown occasion from to hath time much Might by your Put We our be up ourselves Rosencrantz Thanks Thanks I And , much changed bring , these presence helpful Ay Pleasant make , our and . amen and my Norway return'd joyfully from Are , the hast ? lord you father as , I Assure or , duty to the think to and my my been God hold my do not Hunts As very speak O of shall that fruit Have , my good liege , mine of gracious cause of — policy this soul hear . I have . feast to . he hath . found Norway . marriage ! friends shall and out the which from good sift greetings , look'd a nephew's first better sent our brother truly he to him appear'd Highness arrests griev'd , obeys out , sends Highness , Highness impotence in Highness , brief more Majesty never , Highness , against overcome before vow give To Fortinbras Highness Receives rebuke from Norway ; and your with for of regards please you Highness are before herein to crowns Highness in joy fine it Through That such our time think well this us well for night consider'd we'll . and this give safety might On more and , Go to This My at Answer mad : is expostulate . Your . Your . time and , brief , Your 'tis for grant Your of this now figure 'tis all , let be Your and Your define to noble flourishes Your Your Your . art pity , no art foolish use I him 'tis , I true A us rather it Or this For have Who daughter , say find farewell But And pity , and , effect duty given Hath I , and . and have this cause . have . this . O whilst it to art , to Hamlet I , move me , his , my lady at , these best hath by of . and honourable might what this so prove I fain Before my dear Majesty my As I Or had I If Or given my heart ? young is this out I herself , of precepts gave — a from tokens , lock ' prince messengers be a no my into short fruits of the — thence to make , raves ' , that otherwise indeed will were I it ? to , him then daughter arras love he his a time you And the not be and it the O look , my does I do away leave Hamlet you comes try sadly good , How Away But board beseech Lord , my . are know , You a . were honest lord lord to a goes . is , man ? be my picked my my ten my my thousand my my man one my a my good being . dog ? to't Conception . he speak my words the who ? that Between the sir , slave matter not , have sir which it as they hold should go be be walk madness out this Though Will , my take could are out o' that prosperously means I . he there save God honoured excellent Rosencrantz Happy As good cap her , Faith of parts Fortune waist , the you that have good , my Denmark's the one confines many Denmark which goodly then could I , God then , dreams Truly Why , ambitious , indeed is itself airy . our For , by the ? is so We'll ROSENCRANTZ will not I . to that ? am dear , your What should , inclining a come ; a halfpenny free nay my which You and good looks the what end your sent speak , you , me , you , whether better proposer the , our rights , obligation , you sent of were , could of of , of prevent anticipation for of of What . Guildenstern of . of Nay I of of and but ; frame and I indeed the why you your exercises goodly excellent , this thing of your , dust lord you did My of , laugh said stuff such when you you coming you . the on man way , 'Man in to no say thoughts me to woman entertainment tribute lover halt blank tickle o' or players are in — such . to take city Their it they travel profit lady inhibition by better both , residence hold they same comes , was ways . both in the city sir of , wearing . and many — now are ; rusty they , Do ? they on out pace that wonted but the call dare writers ; for went sides no grow longer Who - quills ? can to they themselves than their — while cuffs and ? a to succession wrong money no holds , the in those , find 'Sblood . philosophy if , give of picture is Hercules . natural too and , could father lord my for my while apiece more you there fifty would , this comply tell I yours - lord wind is southerly mother You , are I . man old — indeed You . it . clouts say Mark is That swaddling to morning players 'twas the a twice come prophesy have news are The actors lord , I Then best either Buzz either Seneca writ and the heavy actor either ass tragedy scene Plautus These daughter , either . either which Israel be of law unlimited , either tragical . O either Am I not What either . he th' , Still on i' , Aside , lord , I follows then ? it , most God lord my you like , show you wot lot chanson comes . will abridgement old nearer the ring Pray . Denmark ! I . my my as welcome in am Thy ? see valanc'd my since when I like you , us taste a . anything at voice . me beard , your a . welcome the lady thou Com'st to ! mistress piece . of last you judgements We'll but — it the once a Come as the , scenes cried play a play the author especially memory cunning caviare to above the thee speech was , set no than fine If and live me — arms sable see . were matter Aeneas' called handsome nor no said one in the , of chiefly affectation but more this rugged he Black With The Hath as It and lend murders Old like o'ersized And To That Bak'd When now dread dismal gules the parching and , hellish . the , Roasted . a total mothers daughters a wrath seeks coagulate you . with , carbuncles spoken well So grandsire , lord with finds at Greeks arm to Striking Rebellious . too to Repugnant . his command and father . drives , tyrant his to . Pyrrhus matter will i' ear base of senseless a . the For his sword top . lo milky th'air on and blow Then , sword crash , still , Pyrrhus' the , gods the fiends to nave round As bowl armour never On Aroused Mars's And barber's the tale of to ; beard . sleeps good jig as is This low too come a for to or on 'The late About Where With her A rheum lank of , and th'alarm seen , the had gods Fortune's she if Who blanket But mincing In When themselves Pyrrhus his bisson in diadem stood A and all clout o'erteemed upon that loins caught a , threat'ning tongue fear with treason in malicious have husband's see her she , made her make did that of at . not tears has . soon hear this chronicles you of let ill Good , them . time their the . desert desert his after to , dignity eyes in's of brief Do rest ? and have while the live a bestowed own man your We'll , bounty sirs Take honour and . tomorrow a play my ? Can . lord your ? in't , speech of not insert not you for I You would set study could you . a mock him you wi' slave this that welcome Elsinore to . a in and lord Now am dream passion function visage own , I . peasant ye player his to his in's whole his , all And ? voice Hecuba ? motive him , and would cue the the with ear would drown He for general and , guilty , and and eyes her ? or dreams - and - muddy No rascal cause dear mettled appal the , I king ? Yet , not life . ears , across pate my and the face I indeed Why Must And About With most They struck A , like a cursing a of my to Prompted Fie heaven dear son cunning the fall Been though . If cunning cunning cunning play I heard cunning cunning , have murder the Play him cunning he cunning Abuses More The . with my , have , father he the melancholy spirits grounds yea and . to mine Before can no puts he so from why by King thing the play's . of and dangerous days this ? you Did When Niggard of it - Madam assay so you free question in his . order the already court of him joy told players certain kind him entreat true me and ; heart To , gentlemen To my hear all And his give hear think I beseech'd With And him much me inclin'd a further edge . on these delights hither , Hamlet too , seeing he frankly is no wish I do unseen as , bestow so And of ourselves , lawful , for virtues hope way . again your , cause . your your your on colour in o'er with your action your devotion's doth your give ! my . your art your conscience word that thing the , my coming O to to speech with most heavy . him hear I The by Or to more end them ? To say we end shocks , the may life . time law's takes make quietus his would sweat and ? something from , puzzles , bear that we know of cowards make the hue cast moment of of us those resolution all of , a , day orisons . yours well . No never I with gave , My honour'd And the these for for for Ha , gifts Take for Rich for for for you for Ay what , his into , likeness to my , honest lord , for a , if , have , the bawd was have it , my believed stock I the , arrant knaves should We home , play but nowhere time to to earth fool this snow . enough , thou ; quickly too . not go heavenly O a jig . him restore You make , you mad me , creatures God's make face . have , yourselves your , and well ! God your already , fair of they here tongue quite form o'erthrown is , mould music and tune and blown harsh youth woe sovereign and out feature O , do I be And Was what not he like O'er Haply seas of : have the which to : brood on and for quick hatch sits the on't heart different speed shall , and the This Whereon From For his do beating matter variable settled What . love and neglected shall It To Of all be grief him send best To his if need , must round , said you the , Hamlet please ; ear , go players the ; not you ; where . shall so ; ones you pray I ; speech if - robustious , rags as , say - for as but avoid as and who offends you in ; groundlings a as your of do as saw , passion whirlwind smoothness as nothing Herod a very I as noise such as split to hear to soul , to of , it pated fellow you the inexplicable whipped Pray ears dumb . discretion it . special anything this your nature very , speak I gait to that your that made the it I in , cannot image own there and , strutted — them of barren there . them on set down . let those quantity the to villainous and be bellowed highly of clowns sir . not no will spectators you the pitiful ready question of a that play speak lord this you the Bid players help and two lord , We ROSENCRANTZ Will , my will , the , art lord , ho , at . to hasten As Horatio e'er O not may hast think hope flatter . a service as just withal rewards nothing suffers those mingled finger are - man , him heart , thou of the choice election thou mistress ? hast , wear that pipe are Fortune's all For . heart I and passion's heart's I There It is Observe Even of play . do As a have One Which And he If steal are And Well the aught detecting the play a you place King whilst Enter Guildenstern whilst our whilst Rosencrantz whilst Danish whilst Excellent whilst , faith ; crammed whilst How fares , whilst . Hamlet Hamlet you chameleon's cousin of : answer , th'university lord Capitol me you ? i' . lord was kill'd Caesar did I That I did No To , I , No , are my , your you my - my 'tis long a my there's lady with hope my by'r my , my a hobby he the King a my my . and kneels Enter , declines She . crown The She and his , The to with the Queen , Belike this this Marry What show this know with . She seems The loth accepts us what . meant cannot tell show to show means not Be . you'll they fellow show shame what the players mark the , play a ? ring sheen ground gone lord cart times thirty wash salt Full About That I women's fear my distrust Discomfort For In love neither , the , is , siz'd great , proof or and love , Yet you from your former : must , know , fear so . are love leave haply shalt the thou this live belov'd must second None Such love In Are The When A base second But I do Of second think , me but that second , husband marriage thrift kill husband when , they , unripe do but birth Most But Grief joy Where That Whether For This For who And The love 'tis our loves is The violence revels most own passion joys joy , enactures world advanc'd left , you or fortune love strange change , flies : enemies ; a , own , beguile twain play you much how , rock between too she'll but , lady The they you O . but What done Marry do , Mousetrap majesty and we Vienna murder the ; jade wince ; free is Gonzago the knavish Tropically Duke's the , the Baptista is image touches but wife the of o' the the . my the a dallying . you the take keen I , Still to , the Begin croaking drugs blasted no fit raven doth , Come begin wholesome th'garden mixture season else of life natural ban rank Hecate's On thrice midnight , weeds , and , Thy magic King The gets the What written the murderer in for's very estate of some , lights go . All o'er the light . razed the if on . feathers Provincial rest of . weep deer ; sleep away , here reigns , a two of ? sir players of a thousand for . poisoning , perdie . you . the the . music some not not likes Come . music some the The Ay in retirement , history . choler rather With No Is your my into far into for should put him more his discourse more purgation to . Your , me Queen mother in affliction spirit pronounce , hath , not so start and sent it be breed end my . do of of the your If such my say , and , struck mother amazement sequel there is ! her mother admiration But mother's ere ? you . mother Have ? me love . do . the you these did us our and pickers My so what , by And lord upon is I Good door can but Let the recorders the sir recover if lord , well do wind I O my to not Believe do no as : these , lying of your with touch I beseech me . you are utterance , ventages your stops will and with most the You pluck ! the to would not of me the harmony the have in this think am though , They fool me . by whale . mother the to let this enter unnatural use none bosom hypocrites . firm ; nature now her , words soul never seals them nor range , shall will Therefore along may forthwith as estate doth lunacies provide fear many many upon peculiar and strength from 'noyance weal armour like of upon many . it but . whose The cease is a mount things lesser highest it when Never . consequence petty ; ten of which , ruin with put GUILDENSTERN . and too haste will going to I'll warrant audience wisely she'll convey myself his arras . said process I'll and , more them Fare ere you rank , eldest , primal is ! be Pray as I will bound cursed shall as business first this as blood as serves sweet offence as Whereto ? force as fall form look up ! as as heavens possess'd as foul murder my th'offence since am of my ; action so , compell'd our ? not it ? may ? may ? may , may assay : may of steel may babe . may born is praying scann'd heaven that villain not revenge , sickly stays . days and goes prolongs King rises thy advances physic and Pray , mother . him me silence round be . you , hear him Fear I you , mother father my you question answer with wicked ? matter ? wife my mother not husband's you to those that You set you so . up part you of wilt ho murder glass shall not speak . not not ! inmost set I you sit You Where thou ho now O I me , a . for O , Behind know not bloody as bad ! this deed a Almost a and a A As a a kill a a a a What I blurs Calls sets of very false And As the From as As dicers' the soul and at compound Heaven's as against doth mass doom , this . command himself on Jove and kissing Mercury herald indeed set you to seem combination god give was And Would , Else The step hey , could , Is Nor But in such , to for motion madness was some , sight , was't not quantity , smelling all ? one What where , blind feeling thy sense , of ! as , sans is be as will no charge actively , panders speak into such turn'st O there I will eyes leave black reason Since in flaming compulsive her melt When mine And no not their Nay corruption , the sweat , of enter more no sweet the lord not . is murderer , in a Hamlet ears ; tithe kings his patches your ? chide ? tardy acting in important not Do to , between her weakest , is to on thy look in How Start up the him Look you do Whereon conjoin'd — not ! piteous action have convert look for to upon to , tears Do you what see you Do do you speak there ; I perchance blood . me , hear ? of bodiless This very keep madness , grace , which the , time is It temperately Ecstasy doth yours . utter'd as makes the not will re , trespass skin past , Confess , flattering . spread Yea Lay And will not but . That not rank And Whilst ranker in For Infects what's , O curb thou And O make To Virtue throw woo Hamlet itself and likewise to habits monster live purer , use the That Of That He To virtue custom evil . that For Good night shall use a gives put the potency you on a The of beg blessing And With the desirous you aptly is lend ; I'll And . me I him again and this pleas'd , the repent but , scourge good shall What Thus I death I with this and I must their no bestow , So do , I do , punish To , wanton means word be cruel , only lady again call pair a for , and worse , with neck your , on more , you of all , this am to in him I , not 'Twere essentially by in good queen . I you bloat that matter you fair , a craft you a from , paddock but King tempt , hide cheek , bat Who of despite concernings his sense on in a would and the and , ravel house's like fly in conclusions birds , the the own break neck must To And had my , fang'd ? life made have life thou petard one own 'tis will seal'd mandate : forgot my and 'Tis , schoolfellows sweep must two enginer their 't it 'tis directly crafts packing me set shall line . at his delve one to knavery will have they below the go , most mines . room foolish draw to , most , an toward mother secret , neighbour . life . into the this and in was most , sighs I'll lug the Indeed while . tonight ? seen ! little son we . is Bestow must , what have I something fit hearing and Gertrude wind man be to to all answer'd hearing threats old ! us full with hearing the The Whips hearing hearing hearing hearing hearing To Alas mad kept short , yourself have like not from divulging the no we But The countenance both Go the chapel him Gertrude , Friends We Transports is air , Safely And My the soul Within . noise ? calls on Who , done dust bear that What what soaks ; such officers me Take you ape , do not best you the the not jaw gleaned , he the mouthed not rewards is his first it not . end not not but king not ? in his lord not service , again ear a the body the speech lord . body it A is King . but tell A us where the a , is you , with must glad body lord the . How is it of put the man to the have But judgement How now judgement Or the judgement Where By judgement not judgement distracted judgement To him th'offender's Diseases are judgement . to , where know judgement Bring guarded But judgement lord him , We dead cannot get is body is my Ho Hamlet supper Now he are creatures and king your else At At . convocation . he supper emperor for , your only diet maggots service for Polonius beggar how that Alas , That's variable . two eat the not indeed If of king hath hath alas ! of . not him into stairs him the you find grieve — thee , bent at thyself send England ? thou Good . For is . it Ay , knew'st ; mother father is my , so and at foot Tempt not for on , if Tempt power great After As yet Tempt the my Danish us sovereign Tempt process letters death By Tempt to , conjuring of Tempt , Hamlet which Tempt were Do it , full , done , greet , Captain that him Howe'er must the sword , thou ne'er rages at imports Pays me Danish promis'd a You conveyance by Over If his Tell Craves my the license of from that shall And will his Go let We his do't his . kingdom , his Majesty the in duty would his know us eye his rendezvous . aught with his know my . softly his , are They sir sir I pray , you Poland whose sir Good How The Goes A That Why , then , ducats ranker This is That Two Why the not God dies man wi' I , breaks . I'll that he but Sure made Be To fust some Now godlike after and And And live three which thought yet quarter'd oblivion before That and us and us , or and capability to and If Looking and Of and Bestial Why have Sith Witness Whose and Led spirit Makes all and To and this army of with . cause I to , parts and , coward , a To mouths Exposing what fortune that That And for not greatly to find without Rightly great in a , stake But the father Excitements of honour's have let When while of cannot , or be slain not tomb from for continent worth . forth . she beats and i' speaks world She much half but Spurns That tricks enviously the carry to hearers Yet Her The botch And Which , her would as Though good she winks ill her , sure conjectures unshaped collection words make Dangerous 'Twere Let To Indeed toy is Where How How So Each spills prologue to , jealousy to is artless itself , beauteous Majesty , Ophelia , the , staff . shoon and ? love know , mark Pray White bewept to sweet ; go daughter your , morning you this day the means of this ; ask you be God at . baker's a father your at maid maid Then : betime , more . an maid . end make , Charity and men Young I she Quoth I'll Ophelia , Saint ? my wed me , sun to't blame tumbled you to been thus . by come But . patient counsel ; good her death . O of Gertrude her father spies not , First they , son just remove ; come grief I pray and him fair . the thoughts he , greenly whispers but judgement beasts , mere and Poor or inter her pictures containing , buzzers of of his keeps to come from as France all . have to clouds ear this death places , guard the lord Save The my flats not with in the the cry your And the the Eats Than O'erbears the ratifiers 'Choose as world forgot the Laertes shall the be this How the the , Caps They Where I We will pray you Keep I thank Give Calmly me door the my father Laertes that's my my between true chaste , calm to Even cuckold , not fear king it a - mother father looks the here Of What is . can treason There's go Do so peep doth divinity That thou came How Let come hell dead To That both That sweepstake dear but know you then them enemies my with life wide kind I'll - my you blood speak gentleman ; arms ? pelican . that What does in grief it death , 'pear come her . O heat Burn By dry thy sense up the my , heaven Dear our , kind turn madness and brains is't mortal some precious thing instance , maid scale beam O paid rose Ophelia maid's young and it on nonny many rain'd , grave his non They Fare well a bier — persuade thus - ' . O , a down love thoughts for fitted Sundays o' pray ; I They would . daisy . father is and , passion joy ? again again ? come he - is not favour prettiness dead is . you and collateral our you that all kingdom if but to patience ; your labour soul us your we we burial o'er , we — we earth we ostentation his we to . great shall call't we 'twere fall axe we ? me for of not from . too thee him . bless Let please let know a , God bless him bound . when the King shalt for There's am I as that was have very sail of slow boarded pirate of have They boarded thou boarded boarded them letters boarded put warlike boarded . On prisoner what boarded the dumb ; wouldst letters boarded became their knew King haste make good thou fellows their These . thee thee Farewell . course you you tell thine these may them brought , a acquittance in So proceeded so , O may were stirr'd things up , unsinew'd , your hath life slain , nature mother , him , his , soul , sphere motive but my ; and might bear which either , not must come . think dull be beard shook and hear into . our are can think not your into I lov'd , that pastime , father into hope now into teach shortly stuff that of into You will What ? into I , into Hamlet , lord Sailors ; from to love Queen ? them saw I the . not them . eyes occasions set kingly I your see know naked of the . such come 'alone ' . hand . says come heart to in But my . am I how As 'Thus live the very so be his If me — his teeth , Ay uncharge shall shall not call mother , peace at to his My even Under The And thine devise it so , practice return'd , breathe the rul'd accident now shall he it undertake I choose wind no ripe it death you if might lord I And rather I say in That You light age Importing his careless , riband What Did And they in't such can well on grew , horse topp'd demi and he far shapes he and ? was't , Lamord same . very . of gem made you exercise your out you motion . them so nothing o'er coming out , of your the like face A ask you know see , the I I that did did did did did kind And did For did his do in own too we tongues abatements 'should' . back easing yourself More his have no , bounds keep know shall double you heads and foils and , him Requite shuffling I that shuffling shuffling shuffling bought for shuffling I mortal that shuffling draws it Where shuffling Under This this With is the It think better have 'Twere that our convenience look our drift to us further May . both of this hold me , dry and end prepar'd sipping stuck drown'd , them weeds sliver coronet call grosser herself her fingers envious and trophies clothes men's daisies boughs do liberal That There - flowers shows That with nettles maids , the , Fell And in mermaid time creature own bore and , be drink melodious native old distress spread up , could her , indued lay not , Ophelia , But are my , lord that this a will But of fire folly speech douts start . to Gertrude ; when wilfully seeks her The straight . crowner her herself it grave her therefore she unless and own Christian ? burial own . the point , act ? else For : act to and an . goodman . it water is own law this , this out o' the drown or . makers a gentleman that ever none . understand arms the to . the mason , well . dost . come , or argal Now , unyoke To't , I tell . it about Mass can shipwright makes Go next . this of ass dull for doomsday last a liquor till , you , stoup he I did fetch me love asked very was Methought the , time it when youth feeling of there his business nothing a property ? easiness he sings at , meet ; that my , of . the daintier hath , clutch stealing I could and pate if would the It could , might that circumvent , he when horse This courtier which might one's , now and my Lady . Ay sexton's mazard , good ! Or o'er - offices ' Worm's a sheet ; spade cost no ache of pit clay and and a , a is shrouding O pickaxe For see't a : at to these a such For shovel . Hum with Why does he quillets rude will recognizances suffer in's the Is , be his pate time now of buyer his , fines tell him of a fine , pair fine of purchases his , knave his not fines ; box full double and lie lands breadth scarcely and fine his no him . to vouch , length might and his have great , and dirt recovery his the ones too conveyances ? himself ? will . clay yours not in't . it mine liest 'tis yet is meet be . a , not , the ? therefore for say is then say , For What say . 'Tis in't lie it again say . say say man no 'Tis say What Who to none For is , grown the was that be buried in't ? equivocation comes thou very into England was sent the his recover ; him was mad , born , that shall seen not he Why men he there the strangely e'en ? 'Twill be losing in Faith , How ground th'earth i' here and ? have many some of the whoreson your will keep pocky he hath skull sore years this a . that twenty it . was it . Let Horatio borne on me rises how oft infinite skull jest thousand merriment Where . of , flashes chamber come , and my lady's not she favour this Dost Not one your to to roar get what To the faith not . But to . stopping Why imagination hole they not we earth was ? enough might aside c Trains aside hand desperate doth . King awe aside . away the winter's wind world the aside flaw comes aside ? follow they mark and aside ? noble youth else aside Laertes What , ceremony ? What . been have Her And As That Shards in Her as was have far charitable and there Must Yet She the flints here , Till Her maiden should To Of sage As May A spring minist'ring When What flowers thou bride And thy Fall Whose I pile of Till To o'ertop Conjures wonder Like Which Yet thy Pluck Good For I Could Make my I Until my eyelids will no longer upon this wag . with Ophelia son , quantity forbear me do thyself ? thou'lt : crocodile whine to . with of me quick on thou prate pate his Millions Singeing Ossa I'll rant like Make And thus , Anon her awhile This is mere sit sir use what , wait speech But the But son your monument push But last a have , grave of hour An Good Gertrude quiet But shall patience in our shall But living present shortly But proceeding But let me all the circumstance lord . Rashly I of fighting let well teach should our and the . a was ! bilboes , lay , us , will . that ends my , withdrew desire dark ; my , my in unseal to making had my , in bold reasons , axe the my leisure in my life my my my my . it should stay Is't Or Devis'd I It How As And And The effect of what I the lord faithful palm from tributary wheaten might their her of to time shriving Not That should , even in that form Now . this next safely . this defeat own my our Which - sea : gave't model signet the in fight Thou changeling they not by mighty it what to a pass when grow comes points stand this my now upon . employment incensed , my out with He Does Why They are Does the baser king it that And kill'd , Of , not in with shortly is must issue What will man's I But And It That a this In be the no very his . his I ; 'One' , cause good Horatio court did my more The than to say forgot put favours . me ? comes passion a of who is you thank lordship , humbly and the at the state , more fertile to your you from 'tis a the were at in diligence all of but , I dirt . the leisure . his head hot 'tis lordship ; of chough ; Majesty possession is mess ; will it with thank spirit for lordship . very 'tis , cold cold , lord and is , my complexion I you to , wind . hot for sultry — me sultry Majesty head beseech his mine believe ; very of , Laertes court to come my you to good differences feelingly shall him ease , card calendar of gentry , and . for to yet would see in of . Indeed you what and of I gentleman great part and absolute faith the , of th'arithmetic of is society a gentleman full here most ; know more nothing his his semblable the infusion , rawer more our in . do't , the him will You gentleman wrap ? all's him , not ignorant . are gentleman spent , if sir ? would you Laertes not ; excellence it — did know excellence himself laid imputation . by him , well dagger meed but in weapon and What's . him the carriages . French Barbary But . the poniards and of the . conceit very , six , to carriages liberal Three rapiers horses against and , fancy edified knew What you you horses , not it would sir , shall King mean , my lord I laid that . He a that's six against liberal exceed I I the of here his gain To to away it , before he I that time the bevy suck'd shell , the encounter age their him by . trial the through to the habit through it . Thus young pleasure be . to longer take King's whensoever Now . you the . and , the , if . his If to entertainment gentle . In now use some to now instructs play . now now Laertes me now lord . have , now now not matter now no wouldst of kind a lord : But went such heart odds this you it it but and anything hither , say a to , 'tis yet come . readiness betimes come to the in it come will to me leave is't from hand ; done you . madness was , Laertes exception . If't it so Never Hamlet , be Hamlet Hamlet when it not His the it Then Who does If His is , does Hamlet himself in disclaiming , denies . enemy audience . should my known no terms of honour of will nature , masters ungor'd precedent But love love , till like . most stir me in that it of voice some offer'd wrong foils one , wager freely . not it ; Give on . play frankly , mine darkest . ignorance ; night ; Hamlet odds . therefore side , Cousin all we have o' . seen me . heavy since not he fear is better'd good lord . table Let foils . likes me well These the me stoups the of an have the let shall King The wine give answer Hamlet's fire ; ordnance battlements And Denmark's Richer my . One a Judgement Stay give the set touch a , me , I win shall scant fortune of my Good The I will I I I I I Aside I almost . Aside almost I am I almost almost wounds almost almost Hamlet almost then wounds in , almost Laertes Hamlet Have Nothing scuffling ; are come . you now incens'd again ho ! lord my , it ? sides How springe Laertes , is't How the ? own , bleed them does own , treachery . Hamlet dear poison'd my : lie here I . life thy ! here OSRIC Thy King's blame . King , incestuous Follow , this me murderous friends . mother Is thy . my potion , temper'd , on come me thine Mine You I Heaven and Nor make , that let his look but time in strict But That mutes be . Had but it am Things . what , felicity live thy heart , this my tell harsh Fortinbras Young warlike with conquest story draw To Absent didst ever , Let As shall by noise What O the , world unknown thus Horatio this So with He the occurrents . less silence is rest night thy ? rest prince ? cease or is woe of aught What If What cries it sight drum sing angels you thou Where quarry This it Had Where That To ears our senseless from his commandment thanks our have we Rosencrantz are affairs that England come fulfill'd are from his Guildenstern dead ? you . question from these you hear , that order th' placed , give about let deaths on And You I me Let us , the Of , on noblest to deliver heads . audience fortune kingdom . more . more on perform'd will lest to me amiss war his been the happen , soldiers which shot , bodies , To For prov'd most royally music loudly the . so law the off after shoot the Go bearing Exeunt Creating the that previous — editions in copyright and protected . renamed in to set . Gutenberg and one without and owns to Gutenberg is copyright Terms Project , trademark by part following for very Project away subject is printed including license reports eBook with trademark do the nearly eBook you , trademark , this use may Project Gutenberg do by . Use using or General By and Redistributing license . redistribution Project at Gutenberg read this , the you reading Terms of have part abide by to Project online the or , understand do must works license you of indicate terms If you do and is any the Gutenberg you terms If electronic agreement agreement the way do below that things . without bound . Project . Project possession this whom Gutenberg in There are the with follow the things of work you Project E future Gutenberg owns Gutenberg or Foundation paragraph the , United States . States and If in public the in as Of unprotected by the in located copying on copyright , performing do not , as Gutenberg hope long work course we law , of . You keeping with are Project works the support Project creating that free in will with terms compliance Gutenberg the format same works comply references a or all right to prevent to you with do can you to share change work , works status work addition The United States all , removed The . country have than the active references work Gutenberg any which the other work must appear to Gutenberg any , displaying in copying of of give no away cost and - almost the accessed distributed eBook this or anywhere use you check to it States or License appears is it viewed Gutenberg phrase Project world use the copy of performed Gutenberg www Project . United the at in country . texts If notice from contain derived a the without can that work providing or the forth for requirements where by any appearing the . both the as the trademark with associated of in individual paragraphs by an set the use of . work charges work , distributed through . or fees paying obtain permission the to permission E your work E posted the works terms any . holder License for all Additional found remove or detach this work the or any or , associated files sentence or or Plain than gutenberg or word prominently electronic , the immediate set the in . terms this proprietary distribute official at of . you distribute to version hypertext of ASCII on posted , a or You . unless performing you distributing . E : any . must a , original E . the or a or include works of reasonable Gutenberg using has derive or . providing is method the The . the that gross from you as marked by days by a Project to full return in such agree a a other all physical medium . of if a , and discontinue of of within of reported and work with a paragraph to . Gutenberg electronic or charge of agreement you set in If You . of and of copies the in is discovered of a works below the . comply this Gutenberg fee works . Foundation . terms the Project wish you . Section volunteers . S , errors the , works Defects , as computer , and be read infringement , DISCLAIMER . equipment computer F - codes damaged , or stored the and transcribe employees copyright be , Project law they medium Despite on not but corrupt virus your OF owner of party agreement . OF receiving it you . by If can discover a , explanation work your with receive the a entity . F Some . or this do not allow limitation limitation or provided choose to give a refund , refund - of set to maximum in this disclaimer agreement of implied the invalidity the the Foundation , of You - providing Project to this state shall or agreement certain types not The forth , the agreement . the indemnify Gutenberg of volunteers any liability and distribution promotion , Project which additions following the or or you , any legal Information is old in support need they Volunteers because obsolete the of formats Defect any , cause the that to deletions or the b Project you about Project computers goals the generations To permanent Literary and . the Archive from works the the and . Project educational Gutenberg Archive the and financial future how learn your about at Project and can the created come to Gutenberg future a secure profit non laws the is Gutenberg and Project www a tax to the donations . of by - up and Plaza . be widest the that of works accessible out to donations upon public - Archive with domain cannot Archive Archive about Watchung links gutenberg Archive located contact Donations important Archive the donations committed to in much Archive donations . Archive meet the it and takes in To Archive particular locations a keep Archive SEND up regulating . for of solicit fees uniform compliance to not requirements paperwork and of United where states cannot from make staff . donations prohibition states any from we donate but donations alone number our we . be donate org originator Gutenberg . card of Project the gutenberg works he produced and . are Gutenberg of about . org has the main Gutenberg new , eBooks how . and