Stand Nay Stand Stand Stand 'Tis Stand For Stand Stand . thee Francisco cold ? and . stirring guard night Horatio meet Well a my Marcellus make mouse good watch do you rivals If hear farewell liegemen you to . them O , Say has Barnardo soldier hath Give . of , nothing 'tis have seen . again ? tonight seen him belief but not Therefore if to watch let I dreaded says I the it to . our nights this of minutes this eyes and apparition speak not awhile assail heaven , again . part Marcellus beating hear Well , night that's course same Last star made burns then Look speak Mark . Horatio wonder . Horatio of warlike form night time this and buried I offended is charge . speak not pale ! true ! avouch this the King own sensible Of ! Without my the mine God think this What not ! He In what martial Thus So now Good But bodes some gross stalk , 'Tis the smote With This in So And foreign mart the from labourer inform can that At least be can whisper know prick'd , Whose make this me - joint of That goes now , so appear'd Fortinbras us , King compact the , there , Fortinbras , heraldry and life of , his by who law , to moiety , no some enterprise , and resolutes full Norway hot as carriage been the Shark'd That But his Of post source Is the lost compulsatory those unto ; diet of unimproved skirts up our be motive to doth well in't recover main father no sort it armed may our through and most it graves and squeak The Did stars with in the sun influence Disasters As doomsday stands empire preceding of eclipse demonstrated ; dead of Rome , it Stay of earth to Speak any , and to grace earth to to there If That earth earth earth earth earth Extorted they , Speak it , Stay , and Marcellus it here stand . with it at strike here it For was It do We it And then Doth Awake faded No nights , bird Wherein then hallow'd takes fairy The Some they are And So So But Break say that say , morn high by we dumb ; us our needful Do you consent we have seen my planets so nor and , and dew the I the of speak with our fitting , loves in . advice hill . clad mantle and up yon eastward tonight life will , Hamlet watch for shall pray , I him Voltemand . of with , sister Therefore Yet so hath sorrow of sometime one we Have mirth With Th'imperial jointress 'twere , scale , as With in equal Your Colleagued Now not for nephew's in to young purpose ; full are , is , is hears , rid the that proportions is we Norway than . power haste is let CORNELIUS is , all is heartily farewell show your our the . personal further allow commend and , we things nothing : news wouldst suit some of cannot be not have my Dread What is head throne more hand Your Than lose And That shall is wouldst favour lord , Laertes , go slow , consent to . leave . last hard spend that Laertes graces Hamlet it on Laertes sun the thy son Laertes ; fair thy now A little Laertes How Laertes And let for all common Laertes , common is to that lives dust . Laertes die . Denmark off friend , too I am look ever through , the dejected haviour fruitful , suspiration of it If it my not 'Tis Seems madam But but I are denote all can me forms the nor , moods that within your in passeth indeed man . actions For they 'Tis father you In lost , lost . sorrow condolement stubbornness must Of For An ? heart should Why to of first , fathers most reason death From 'This must be are of Is against corse most the father woe and , for he who that the to immediate pray let less toward to you and courtier , cousin back going In Do You is beseech lose her comfort bend not Our stay I shall thee mother 'tis a , my loving best ourself gentle in . in Madam ; unforc'd grace tell again . away bruit ! mother of heaven my to the Heaven so that was this earth ! two , this , on month ! him hang , had , appetite and of yet my ere Frailty or followed — on which all A ! My Had She But It Ere the . break is not , heart dexterity , I or I do ever ; poor name servant lord forget your , my , that make A am I I think was to it see do Indeed My Would Or My Where my forth the foe The coldly , my eye he take look all like him him Who I not man once goodly I ? the ? I his I shall a , was He I I an I Two The King I attent the Season and Upon witness marvel This For In thus Armed encounter'd at before stately and their his slow By Within Form , upon you But It But And Itself My made motion then even to answer up the like morning cock sight . loud , speak true 'tis . but . duty . beaver his ? than . anger sorrow he he wore , red in And I eyes very . countenance Very While one would It , very have like His as A will ? his , you , well , tongue twelve ye still no silence this , honour and you mine arms : as , soul : All would ! is the well rise ! to then sit Though My them night were not foul to men's will . benefit sleep , do , hear ? his favour nature primy a of youth the a , the and and permanent and lasting , blood violet not Forward thews withal . soil , as for on his whole be your the And Unto wisdom and ; himself weigh'd his the of Perhaps may for sanctity The lose Then Than May he the As is fits it keep of chariest fear the is 'scapes the : strokes of be dew . spring moon enough of prodigal liquid buttons the danger it of , fear else this lesson my keep , do to way and his rede reckless dalliance . father my . shame . for leave grace not own puff'd path recks not here The are Look Be thou familiar these And character any Nor thou Those Of Grapple may But new not unto thou may dull thy th'opposed to may thy purse ; proclaims oft may in fancy , as may rich , may apparel in a Neither loan must my follow : dulls to , then I take my go , and servants my . thee in this to you the memory Farewell , touching bethought : of you free and as been most so and put 'tis , you my way of — to he , well time audience , yourself me and up late speak a green . you . truth tenders , go to , love . with me . go vows his . to speech holy , heat for scanter promise than : these vows blood the light burns catch Lends Giving Believe I would Have may Than Do Breathing like beguile plain . and ; vows dye implorators in words you , I shall shrewdly It No , is ? it nipping And kettle he , spirit heard Wherein I to honour'd This us heavy in the of with perform'd though indeed attribute , guilty , origin choose cannot , drunkards headed other east than the it and addition and tax'd , it particular of that too pales they of our not wherein men are , evil , men corruption of ! me Hamlet , from or such . inurn'd ; cerements their canoniz'd not Why Hath , night So Revisit'st thou To Say you . action . ground follow . removed a more . it will a it I'll flood my my . itself the what be at should my , soul thing me Being And a my And draw And Which Go , It your go shall Be rul'd petty the artery Unhand , cries each my in of him me , imagination to obey . To state . come of , is . 'tis waxes let's Heaven rotten in direct it after follow Have him , me not , I am I but lend unfold to bound art Are , burnt the secrets purg'd certain confin'd crimes and , a like harrow Till for a could Would , the away day I , father's thy , to to walk done unfold tale thy Make Thy eyes up I his , must eternal . not fretful upon hair blazon most Murder murder is . swift love revenge my thou stir itself in this , forged by stung rots shouldst to the or strange , Hamlet orchard fat Lethe thee ease I duller given 'Tis witchcraft to will went to From O Hamlet That I Though O With wicked So To those mine Upon of But So lust soft ! me let sate methinks prey itself secure my of distilment porches , with it blood courses whose ears a uncle thy man doth alleys , with tetter . So and vile , vigour instant my of the even All of I , Thus Of Cut smooth smooth smooth smooth smooth was No smooth crown , in but blossoms sin , my horrible bed damned this let ; aught mother not But O To And and thy those that in leave her thou mind worm shows heaven fie instant , matin his earth , thee O grow up , poor me I Adieu , all you couple of my this In And But , And Unmix'd Yea the observation all baser book matter and all all thy with Meet pernicious is uncle It 'Adieu is So Within HORATIO , are , sworn't . remember . my MARCELLUS Now . come ? it it . tell . lord my , news my , arrant , come the lord us . tell To and at point desire hands circumstance shake we more are fit Look ; man so hold as your , And I You Yes sorry Yes There's I'm Saint much And your offence ghost to desire you Give are you as O'ermaster't is It What Never is't , seen . I . faith in . already , indeed fellow ? so this thou Art there cellarage , you that Swear ? Beneath Well A and are There more night as odd never your I so and earth , mercy come But . help myself think meet you soe'er bear shall antic times seeing me of thus encumber'd , such aught and That you , love lack love born joint fingers not shall The And willing time lord ; what well first who Enquire me very said . to , lord . Look in are , and you where finding nearer , mark father will and demands encompassment distant you more it , very he's may and his do you well , ' there this his knowledge say , wild on so and marry heed most noted wanton him mean ; take and liberty . lord , fencing drabbing drinking , youth my may You . lord My , or Quarrelling , Ay , that may put not he may they A savageness good assault . of breathe to lord , lord my Marry Ay , Your As 'twere laying sir , ' 'Good or with the ; seen in Mark him the of breathe in or you so or guilty , 'friend prenominate , assur'd ' or addition does about this to something say I was say . ' . I Where , say , you , you of directions have I , you . lord . music his . in him And let , I , Ophelia , the doublet sewing his head and , as what With lord hat as No And My Alas Pale said , but truly fear . me do it ? all held wrist length of me ; hard ; arm , face stay'd o'er his , bulk all and and lets he , done over he his . a little he so King , down . itself , hard does , bended property Whose with me their without on very violent the as his lord him any . their help better That good , That is I will go love under I did sorry quoted not had I No am seems cast beyond it It to to fear'd he heed . and judgement His repel access him thee with made hath it As meant More Of Since hasty need Welcome that we sending transformation nor it that his Resembles Moreover Our The we . to Guildenstern you from of much father's . so the cannot ; from pleasures unknown ; aught so since That That you ; And ; being to rest so , days his time vouchsafe Some So To draw Whether That sure whom to us he To As For show As Might And To the supply and profit of thanks of command . us , freely , in obey both Thanks And much these changed too My Th'ambassadors Have I hold to do I not , or hold policy of I , good my this gracious King soul news . liege , brain my lunacy I trail the cause of Hamlet's to do — long to fruit I to hath your he found . main the ? brother our greetings levies he what my , first , into your , of from and which out 'gainst to , Highness hand joy annual your in brief and out , griev'd impotence , truly never fine . in overcome , of before Norway arms and arms crowns employ against please might before thousand th'assay vow Norway commission arms arms uncle against pass Majesty , arms arms arms : labour , is and wit , flourishes madness ; figure true foolish art will . cause out us it , grant 'tis 'tis for him , effect say remains and — cause defective mine . thus of of then effect this remainder whilst obedience mark beautified 'beautified' hear you but given Who , have it this daughter her me ill That's the Came Hamlet and . Now gather , is most move doth the Doubt , Good madam . Ophelia , But doubt , to the that truth Doubt I , fell dear more lady , whilst most best machine show'd me I have , is to ; place precepts then did gave star thy of I out , her . resort tokens of , sadness she repulsed done And Thence Thence he What Which not no messengers lock And receive from — thence took he this likely . know , ' I , this lobby . indeed does You know four , it try centre it were will indeed together hours ? further fall'n reason assistant from he the arras my loose behind . But Let me How Excellent my , Not Do Well God - a - my me know You . I honest ? lord . a daughter one be picked kissing good . maggots sun if the That's in carrion you Have have th' may ? said to very gone , blessing . my a on a . love ? lord . extremity . grey , and powerfully thus like if have to am of out could , sanity not A you Aside that prosperously that from These You My replies Indeed are ! sir lord except suddenly cannot honourable I more part . Guildenstern both ? earth the , save honoured My friends Rosencrantz As On you live about or in strumpet . more ; true privates her Neither , my lord hands hither one world , at honest the question me . is is there nothing lord confines wards 'tis one it could infinite ambitious , indeed were in a nutshell ; have and the a . dream a but shadow the merely itself is court GUILDENSTERN , my Elsinore occasion sent . And . you not speak . But thank Come , Were visitation , and ; for craft , for sent , we should What , But what me , But , consonancy by must , for What . Guildenstern , of off eye . anticipation . no for sent my moult all heavily so with mirth forgone I discovery all custom have that o'erhanging ; disposition promontory prevent me hold , your . feather my my brave in : admirable ; beauty this of . say , me and a , man , how express how foul with golden ; seem to my in , the delights thoughts . woman what , nor what on in , and ; lover tribute Lenten . service you offer man them target part o' — both are freely What take city players delight , mind , or they in ways of the reputation Are city ? was means I ? the there of fashion that scarce dare sing their own — they succession writers do Will players are ? and them cuffs money the There — as they say is the while to a in . for sides was player nation , the load of little . and those , philosophy 'Sblood , twenty give . forty is lived natural father for than out the . extent my welcome you , is to , uncle my , lest handsaw dear father my wind When , gentlemen at too yet ear . hearer . is an say they so . You Mark . indeed . Monday have to Buzz , an was lord — his honour my , actor pastoral , the be - comical - of writ Seneca came each historical , for either heavy - nor pastoral scene , are tragical - or , light he only hadst ? lord , ' he . more my he thou he love he I he look . was it like know you , lot by chanson then , well , not lord , For where see well thee valanc'd to comes abridgement my row of , to a my friend in your e'en not of to't straight be We'll a . a general such said cried But . for was it French like . What the it the remember received pleased was the in were , down sallets phrase honest an matter called , in digested one the matters remember , nor no there , in play scenes but Aeneas' tale to . night complexion gules , with , tyrannous impasted lend and That a mothers murders a thus o'ersized , coagulate hellish and damned and the parching streets in seeks proceed , finds he well , Rebellious Repugnant too to Pyrrhus But Striking Th'unnerved at spoken Greeks . Stoops Seeming to Pyrrhus' was his a a on , feel father base blow Then a , milky the lo flaming hideous sword crash , stood stick , power of her All ! hill heaven . Prithee say beard of to tale too , is with on This . Hecuba . good queen' 'Mobled mobled is flames robe , head caught o'erteemed , and upon loins for threat'ning sport , up would in , state saw burst mincing things mortal instant have not has I'll you , have the they see thee you report them lord them ? they 'scape , deserve , the Use merit is in after to dignity them play play a hear bodikin My man should less Dost Follow him , I you , that You night , lord Follow my good My welcome Elsinore I'll leave . him you mock Now . rogue wi' that player this peasant his his ? Hecuba , the ? for function , her her tears her for he passion with , her speech free stage her , I , throat i' me her be king my cause ? coward life across my in : all the I the , beard my off Plucks calls to as , nose am deep As But 'Swounds I make have pigeon treacherous offal - the son Oh I revenge , vengeance , cursing ! my creatures very organ most They have the murder For Been something course tent I'll T'assume . the devil pleasing of Out the my is he As And can why and Get More Abuses Wherein Nor But When but his him to that . demands ? players told joy him have play they him . a about are before 'Tis hear it your . delights further edge here , may , unseen espials judge no sent , or for . sent cause sent do I , Ophelia him sent by , of sent may We Will Her their seeing sent frankly that you happy be so his wonted shall : to honours shall for your good I That bring him beauties wildness . Ophelia . may . this ! my give true . sugar do that oft with to devotion's visage this with doth 'tis speech beautied to deed lord art the Is I . in sea die of outrageous a against 'tis slings To sleep , that sleep of give we have When pangs oppressor's The the calamity merit his would , puzzles cast pale the of of ills we of not will we hue pith their Soft turn awry and of know of ! sins lord Good my Nymph of with resolution thought , all , for . thy , for you remember'd this , in for day a , well for remembrances . breath their gave , for I for I for have receive well . sweet I aught you you so rich honest lord for ; the prove . you my , again There when Are your My your your lordship your means What your your and to your , what into likeness is ; for the lord my . truly it a bawd power This proof to that thoughts You stock were , should arrant We ? them put ambitious , my nunnery myself it indifferent them in , with What in knaves all believe . nunnery At home him O dost as thou If nunnery wise chaste fool to , your heard face have shall The The courtier's of glass Th'expectancy And , live no O have suck'd affections have ecstasy jangled out and noble of his and , youth I , little something form a way what me see . brood that not it sits on , lack'd for with speed prevent , to : expel his in himself of This well shall now . love and brains settled matter puts think shall heart thus ? on't do of do fashion Whereon From from neglected origin us My . all Let To And The . commencement How tell But fit , plac'd , it . her all , do Lord be alone lord so If must so pronounced of your to the torrent do many , you pray I . and , town the spoke say it the of , rags a give , you if thus may may , are have whipped . dumb shows , It Termagant but O for in , whirlwind smoothness - periwig robustious capable of it passion not ; a who offends passion to must me your with both up this the , tutor special nature age the or , but this in the Now , that to your the that the not be the players the which own the the mirror , unskilful pressure hold her image cannot and very have it to laugh ambition be then . make Go uses , and of barren question shows necessary . fool That's How though laugh set down the themselves than , in in the And Will the players haste to help GUILDENSTERN lord two ROSENCRANTZ you hasten them my Here , e'er my sweet Horatio As For That clothe the pregnant fawning of thou hast her rewards are those mingled co buffets well a are are she Whose That As Hast one Hath As prithee One have thou very see'st , comes much King this of will I the . soul occulted heedful face ; death . seen be my my Hamlet my I the my capons , my not . air my , once accounted killed Brutus there Capitol calf . Hamlet patience . think Do you head . lord my to is nothing my think I meant lord . but be merry ? died I'll ? yet for , may months outlive his is ! 'For life and , wear let , Nay , twice else ' Lays . the Queen horse churches memory two hours then ! the Nay O ? a lady , takes off . woos lament Queen with Poisoner Queen crown , Queen makes upon of the King in dead pours leaves neck show head him seeing The We Marry , this this by know shall Will this show you . you'll are We Here , You naught , us stooping to for your , prologue hearing beg this thirty Neptune's About But Make So I far Since love our are the ere Yet . my aught and , love it quantity know : are great littlest my hath love grows as my . thou haply , in , this fair in breast first the accurst kill'd the shalt — rest kind , tree . debt we propose : the be lose with , revels passion own joys pay ourselves necessary , either fall What to The Their The either To either down lead man poor either hitherto doth needs who either For The And And not even 'tis either question should grieves for aye with nor yet or left , fortune love friends his prove love , run . dead night light and , it me , the prison in blanks hence well that here would a Ophelia . To Each Meet An Both , deeply The grow tedious anchor's cheer and dull . If between us , twain ? th' ? the . Duke's of our . Baptista of a : that Let o' , knavish have wince one You interpret between , and keen It cost my groaning . if see leave . damnable . for edge my revenge thy , agreeing , dire else drugs creature thrice , and Thy On natural , of blasted for's th'garden wholesome false my How What Lights some me , lights . Gonzago's frighted the . lights strucken ungalled while the must watch hart Give turn this , with Half a a I O Damon . whole , share dismantled , here . pound comedy , not Come . music like likes , Sir , retirement with itself ; put should , for me to wildly tame sir pronounce , great affair me sent , return be will do the shall you I is pardon business you I lord my you wholesome My ? you , But , such you you the of a me your wit's ; matter hath rather My . command behaviour heels speak at the , obey you she were desires Good door lord , Sir upon my can own is be that while but , the lord the recover , well my duty be , Believe , you beseech me understand my lord pray it ventages my Look . thing . the are , with my make . utterance you mouth these finger I of would , voice you do me the out this I , though think of You would little am to lowest ; instrument in the you upon play , and me of you shape presently a . a . fool a a a a , a . none firm not : as now nature enter , not . somever unnatural consent . somever , somever somever somever somever somever . with may you along our and religious ourselves many from strength The single live holy those and feed With That all the itself and upon the annexment ; adjoin'd small on whose huge spokes , but upon - this speedy massy doth draw things mount highest wheel , fear , this . free and too put GUILDENSTERN , I fetters , haste , To , I'll meet as call vantage makes you the closet , my bed to , should was she'll warrant convey wisely and audience more Fare . you you lord . hand begin heavens blood Whereto of in enough snow visage come Then But . my cannot effects That those but crown but , mine be the but And but but In but Even to but give true nature and can that Help ; of be may well , so he this of flush save thought his more passage soul . below . heaven never fly prolongs goes may heels of about in't act heaven black to lay bear with . coming not matter an now you , Mother , thou you question ? Hamlet wicked answer , What's Have the you the by , me forgot rood so your , husband's to You No are would the were you ? help A ducat ? a now . for ? Behind done King is the am I , hast dead , know what I O A kill . king As rash be for wretched Thou I find'st took Ay , lady , thy , too busy . intruding danger you , shall down fool farewell . hands . of penetrable stuff sense so it made wring is it me That that against modesty , thou so , bulwark rude blush , of takes . oaths a , words - at and and of Yea tristful Ay , thought Is so That Look The a the front two and , and thunders what this loud grace was curls like station a world seem Mars , like , husband your on batten And You is was your To Could you his , Here Blasting Where lighted , did god every , this call in have for ecstacy , difference , to the blood judgement this , was madness . or cozen'd Eyes , reserv'd part one smelling true without sight sans is , blush sense thy , where hell in let youth in own be all , hoodman at , a such it in feeling O eyes ! virtue gives the doth . bones wax no shame grained spots soul , sweet enter speak , corruption of but in the In These A And A . king from of cutpurse . A your . Do Alas . you That . say he's come The he's he's forget whet , not laps'd , he's Conceit it he's with bodies Alas he's How the with he's , is't you with eye hold like incorporal do That Your , Forth bedded the cool patience heat stand an . excrements the gentle wildly in son in O do discourse peep , spirits soldiers hairs the as up and them effects want stern Lest My colour make His On form see that I . see . liv'd steals portal ! the he it . ecstasy creation cunning healthful utter'd makes I I gambol not skin but will It Infects do make For in ranker . of woo and To Yea Hamlet live the away Good That likewise That And almost the the stamp more easy ; kind of next . on The Refrain of nature , lord him , night , kisses reechy damn'd in , so , top do , a from despite hide a that's from mad craft essentially . paddock in queen , good all this you out , to me no breath ape , secrecy and , house's the like in own be made have to What must life if hast had the forgot 'Tis so as the own sport Alack bear Hoist Whom When This the lug toward knave most counsellor room . meet sweet ; hard . grave with prating . we These profound . heaves understand them . your your your seen little ? your Hamlet does , what your lord your Gertrude ? and How your contend lawless both his something In 'A brainish this with heavy good full us so is liberty been deed you , It have not owner his apart But life body Where is hath But he But But But ore done But deed : him body , do . the this we our mean haply what , the , world's cannon miss ! away , our dismay his to . come . Hamlet the soul come they dead . thence it chapel believe not what whereto may . 'tis the that , And where Compounded us Tell bear what you and , keep that such an But ape when and understand A , am glad must is with tell . not of not not lord not you not us not the . Bring me . nothing . A to . him put all must . grown , seem , th'offender's bear . him away is hath bestow'd What now cannot the dead body is , lord Bring , Hamlet Now where's . supper ? where . fat beggar table one worm the eat by this and eat king the a . worm ? not of that fed how . nose shall th'other you thither place . seek him till come — dearly we especial safety must prepare the , thyself , and and . and and , and one Farewell and and for for ! wife is ; aboard England , at mayst give Pray and make full thy raw hold'st haste , aught and thou Do that . my in me , haps my , that conveyance Majesty our . duty know him do't would the license a know aught , promis'd with rendezvous in lord on powers They purpos'd are Norway , sir , whose of I Good sir How commands it Or for old Who To Yes , souls and the rate Nor Two thousand I you wi' my Will't be all revenge dull you chief and feed good but If sleep capability and before that his spur my . What a Go inform large gave such time a discourse us whether craven Now . some godlike unus'd thing's I , scruple reason , no more be wisdom and or , or invisible tender , or ambition mass and or exhort puff'd event , at Exposing Makes or mouths or to to at But not honour's have the That a the of twenty of the while and the fantasy imminent for the , Whereon Which the To My hide And let their be ? like beds try trick and the be will is She Her will importunate mood , th' of straws enviously i' speaks but Spurns hearers half the move is speech nothing , them , it their and own much with ill Dangerous my seems sick toy of itself the is in beauteous Where It By his From How ? true love . and one another Alas you He is ? Say sweet lady , dead , pray , turf gone , here bewept Larded God dild ! we , means maid Tomorrow say this this ; father may be a was this owl this when this , window donn'd chamber , the this his clothes this end , an Pretty I'll and , me blame to promis'd she By men will , Quoth Young before they if me done ha' not long How An So thou well . We been thus But . I My choose night shall night . sun brother good . Come you pray ; good counsel good , springs author violent muddied whispers but Ophelia O not single , Gertrude grief of come ; death unwholesome and he her slain spies greenly have him inter and are much as in to herself , not brother secret himself France clouds ear , places arraign ? Gives to Like and a murdering O my dear noise what is this in death piece Alack , What yourself flats , in more call , the ' , cry , you , false applaud it . they Danish , false Laertes to be shall , trail king and is on shall ? give will I is Where pray me proclaims . father that's to of blood here between , chaste Even cuckold That rebellion thy That him Acts art thou little That There's treason of his Of , so giant not to hedge Do Laertes - fear like the Gertrude can incens'd . will peep what a Let . father my But he ! dead allegiance ? I'll him not to Vows give to I point I'll profoundest pit ! devil with be . revenge your and both in ? is't , the writ . enemies arms speak you of guiltless , now father's gentleman ope my them know you Will To And , Like That heat noise . up brains out , my paid rose by her What ! madness and Tears is come Let kind , fine in love as mortal some it instance itself 'tis loves ? fine man's maid's life ! weight O . a , old an and , tear bier , hey false daughter nothing's rosemary A for you fennel rue but with me . We in there is for , remembrance that's pansies died I . hell joy passion and , Robin affliction not he will he will And And come come he itself . He All gone And , again as . God b' wi' . God , on away his pray soul your . or judge wisest we will your hear ; with content lend shall , you content you To jointly to we , nor as shall great me go let you where the you in heaven ostentation o'er burial his , to earth , world . in have not if too sir be name give these we is ; England let There's this him warlike we They got compelled were us gave instant ; did . the knew letters thou fly put On have am , I they . overlooked have They . slow , shalt when pirate thou of became dumb wouldst the . have grapple too the to means days two of turn thou where the . To the speedier give that him And , of And and , your conscience you heart acquittance a father your in you for from Now Why Sith That life . But capital , were , perhaps may to Lives But My I Would Too a where I have And slightly not And A Stood her For that must , danger mount . to love mount teach we with mount and more mount dull ourself imagine mount . shortly stuff mount sleeps Break That let . our can we That And I that And How , this from brought ? them them on naked set occasions . When the kingly your recount , see shall leave more , no such ? thing of come you some it this and beg thereunto my rest the all and hand him heart let . But in to peace rul'd If ; me . he lord a that he return'd work my but means shall choose in I My call shall no for which he now it death mother shall you be the be organ . him , much it him from of quality parts , envy shine of falls talk'd right since . hearing a for such pluck that unworthiest , my lord of cap the is and . Your in ? this seat horse , months weeds since gallant , demi and . So wondrous they And A short in That And With the As of he was't Norman A very . nor especially defence , nation indeed scrimers The be , a sight a masterly your Sir envenom motion do this this father out guard report envy with him sorrow , of heart a ? love your not did know Why that Not But Time Dies And tongues we , at within I the think And see love spark I qualifies lives , in and very to growing much would , But abatements is are to and like quick spendthrift many hands the father's what would this are 'would' we That ; for delays hath when indeed keep know shall excellence come good home Laertes words i' sanctuarize ; together fame your th' throat . murder , choose with contriving , in ; varnish on fine ease you of that free heads bring shuffling for your do't I'll purpose that draws moon Where bought , blood I unbated with a Requite for And mortal it him will of a can . of . through our to us With what a make When We'll this Should did in . second both further our back your more Soft drink nonce the violent to dry him sipping have that end prepar'd but your that this , there drown'd heel Queen . brook , them wide , purples , long , herself spread her , she ? she douts But she she she I she How I this I much The had to seeks three : For wittingly an to goodman , hear Here to man leave , go water lies and water , that himself drowns , this , but Nay , you . that the if But Argal , he not But is't this more pity o' they hang or - gentleman a drown , burial should more ? Adam's profession ? Scripture The confess , dost gallows thou thousand But how to ill carpenter may . mason the ? ass ? question next not 'a mend this till doomsday dull your liquor asked of did love stoup me a very , I it the time O for business , he sings at making was nothing in him the . the clutch , land such never , be one courtier ? a Or would circumvent lord say could which It might be my lord , such when , fine ; chapless , an one - dost How that not it lord more a , and of such pit pickaxe with and so : a with There's quiddits A guest loggets guest a sheet meet guest be Where guest guest sconce his of guest of the his , will I . sir 'tis yet thine for the liest . not lie For be and say quick quick , lie a What By knave Lord a grave - his that these rest buried , speak the Horatio picked , galls maker Fortinbras since day that very the England was ; into England day he or he and ere sexton been years , last many you have we he will as you nine year some pocky will that decayer trade hath sore his your keep whoreson earth it flagon King's the I fancy Yorick . knew . Rhenish of , him hath in my gambols table the your , to set lips , now hung Here were , own her Make me . mock come chamber must looked , o' , Horatio , your and , tell think Alexander of Alexander E'en lord . Why a stopping it my , so find so with . imagination trace ? enough of ; to . converted earth , in flaw the they follow betoken ? Mark desperate mark and maimed Couch it corse such And awhile . life we What a very ceremony What Her unsanctified For command and be requiem the No should sage sing to profane And May violets Scattering Now pile dust upon a mountain the quick have head made , dead stand you . skyish them This phrase whose Olympus hearers , hearers the him hearers devil from my ! thy hearers , soul take hand hearers Gentlemen hearers Which hearers I prithee let . Hamlet quiet this my I , Until with no him fight will O my all , sum O , weep I'll Woul't woul't up not Could woul't woul't And Singeing woul't Anon thus woul't Ossa outface me woul't prate on of her , so woul't let will them till , well is This rant as golden couplets will I'll And you the that it is no me ; you will his . thus ; push proceeding patience quiet some then in of hour grave thee , good night's speech — all So much prais'd , That pall sometime than Worse mutinies let not Sir in be Our the Rough our And it would Remember heart When out about ; to I fears own find - their packet , scarf'd from That a divinity how . certain them is hew we will . dark desire unseal making in , Horatio , bated axe , reasons , again forgetting My royal ; commission grand with , the wilt Here's My Being Or They play benetted had Devis'd hold villanies ? I did — our wrote : I service ; as my , proceed to prologue with beseech round I make The yeoman's that begun the write Ay good from faithful comma England them contents less death or these wear . lord my his was between As earnest like the palm 'tween view many That the on The our , are They So Subscrib'd Folded changeling Was : Why make , make Guildenstern they the near make and is stand me now whor'd hopes make upon life my for my and and perfect make make of the known th'election . th'election interim to than th'election short be man's That Horatio mine th'election ; 'One' myself cause my . his I forgot th'election England there business him th'election In this further evil from . more . Denmark this know him I as but beasts a at thing lord chough possession at fertile at stand at Sweet at to right it at thank No at , my great in to come excellent your Majesty is it head beseech I on wager , lord , to you Sir court faith ; Laertes of in feelingly differences find shall suffers the him his soul to a true trace make ? breath in another wrap the gentleman of umbrage in do't more our , tongue really words golden , him I Of His would confess that are , What's weapon were should compare to well man a in his for , know what of ignorant , of wager'd it , him , very to as , he What by edified the are hangers you carriages ? the fancy , and rapiers Three . so very of , hangers you and done could if till against lordship laid trial He , sir , carriages be would The horses our sides conceited this would carriages liberal sir King shall you come to three immediate if your on dozen passes in . twelve . can it is gentleman if for his person the . so nature for's . shell the with away . there , it suck'd the habit through know outward time bevy the , opinions attend him in Laertes that , whensoever pleasure provided . down Laertes entertainment gentle . as mine to constant The will I think not . do here practice shall but your anything , mind we it it defy now be , whit if man Come , If . Since This am come of has Hamlet Give How That presence as you you have wrong'd not does then is Hamlet , when from Laertes proclaim , honour be , here himself it himself , Hamlet Let Free , have is of Hamlet's audience , a from this in satisfied in should in , my my disclaiming , madness His my motive am shot in enemy generous o'er , stir nature known honour honour of reconcilement of it freely wager , wrong it foils come ; on play ignorance love peace till precedent . like But . love not will frankly fiery mock me sir off i' Laertes , foils the You skill off off Your off off You off Very well better'd heavy well me he off is This likes . I foils my good I the Hamlet me This I But I I I stoups , Let the that . successive kings cups . begin eye a the worn have trumpet let 'Now the the drinks King Come , lord wary ' the , bear heavens to judges on Judgement my a palpable . him thy . pearl awhile of win shall my , fat , take Hamlet and Our A Come play Aside dare is . I I ; cup I pray it let Come drink yet , not him , My my poison'd ; is too late . lord I I for Aside the pass do I pray neither Say Come you afeard wounds ; Laertes Look on a justly How She to the , drink ! villany No here Hamlet the world treacherous thee In No medicine Unbated on and itself I no to rise me envenom'd half can hour do thee thou art ; of slain hand thy , mother's the to but Dane . here serv'd justly temper'd by himself Hamlet . thee upon noble my He is with Nor father's forgiveness Exchange this potion not come me and poison . Queen , chance , death dead , you , act . I . dead make Heaven I that , free audience and his arrest — time . Horatio Let a by what , name . have't , Heaven felicity in me thy in behind . aright than Roman unsatisfied antique Never Things me standing didst in harsh noise this pain gives . Horatio England spirit from . rest silence prince . this Now flights heart . Good the angels does is woe of cries So feast That The ears And To That we his The What Had But since so gave it th'ability the jump from High on Of deaths And Of Fall'n , the Truly inventors' in Let And deliver audience heads upshot , the hear to I sorrow haste and forc'd this purposes . can kingdom me , on perform'd , on , more amiss as war , passage stage the to he and the had and rites of his for him shows a protected copyright works , the of Use United part following by for for anything performances with and States law copyright in ANYTHING be license S . redistribution Gutenberg Project . associated . License . Project . work A . electronic Section General or www reading indicate agreement fee work a registered electronic full complying with can you bound the do with terms are lot terms Gutenberg this things the access . Archive E to Foundation Gutenberg Project See with this Project can agreement electronic There work only be may It . of compilation . located course we do the work on Gutenberg freely keeping others you also States of , any any : other the , States no under online electronic . and distributed with copyright charges or work E on paragraphs appearing of forth of If set an by the beginning unlink permission to the of or any with Project electronic paragraph terms work form you in work used cost Gutenberg exporting a in format , must . E viewing Gutenberg derive method from fee but paragraph you . prepare returns address specified Royalty are as as or be as the to as tax as and by as of the days of a if a to this of you works must Contact below copyright on research these on not errors a virus , by DISCLAIMER OF paragraph your computer , other this , under discover If receiving for work must to refund a refund in person second the in a set , you it If . you you . types disclaimer , or void not shall hold and the Foundation , anyone , in associated and Gutenberg a Gutenberg work Project of Mission free . new and aged of walks to support in all people financial ensuring available and for are critical to come to provide the Defect formats from obsolete because and assistance exists Volunteers generations Archive they Project the Project that Foundation Project permanent Project learn future more your Project how Project information the Literary . Project Project The and . Foundation's . tax is Service Archive . States . Foundation and Compliance , much requirements charitable . received We written do and not of the www and accepting against have outside While International any are are donations are approach are tax S Gutenberg treatment laws web are . U are Donations . addresses are ways often U often Gutenberg freely often all of . editions Most often Foundation often how Archive often