there Who's King Stand the ? upon Stand . Stand , bed to thee Get 'Tis Stand cold , Stand Stand . at thanks . twelve Stand He am you a Not Have Stand struck come most carefully had quiet heart bitter , Give to Stand ho Dane liegemen good honest farewell , Barnardo has my place is what , night you . good . has piece , Holla Horatio , Welcome What I not dreaded Therefore if approve may That eyes our , 'twill tush , us once so us are And That What let hear Well down nights again awhile assail fortified ears speak , this , seen . pole heaven , myself of the from story , the off then and part all that's the same . t'illume , comes it . spoke to , dead it King . Horatio it fear , Horatio King the Horatio fair Most like Question , the with Together See , speak ! It , gone Horatio , 'Tis not will and not something ! is ! away offended . look I , the own you sensible very thou art Polacks when the armour hath . on , combated an at dead sledded he smote With martial before particular down same toils nightly Why This And such mart foreign sit the of brazen whose from such So now this for strict and and of impress not why least Doth is't divide be joint , Sunday shipwrights the labourer inform ; last , us King , of pride valiant emulate our esteem'd seal'd all competent return'd ; same moiety a King of his ratified Well , stood To vanquisher the to Of Hath His Hamlet list to some enterprise , resolutes , there Fortinbras here and young , full and , hand lands , I take And motive main the of this father to But So And by That As compulsatory of this , by our and the so chief head . e'en like so the , fell mind's that no Rome , demonstrated . coming the fates on with stands star . fierce comes , events of our soft behold Unto , As even the the to harbingers like precurse and though ! Speak any thou That If thou hast to it prologue Have And , where use . good it I'll , any do thee be me , voice , be grace to , me ease thing If , Which if treasure hast , Marcellus with 'Tis stand . here gone , the the malicious , of cock mockery . violence the I trumpet summons started fearful shrill and , sounding it then And Whether Doth cock in his faded the ever Saviour's say our present bird of dawning on say object erring fire or . of spirit truth herein the of and crowing is no hath that are , takes spirit dare season of . Wherein that all to , it , acquaint shall , us impart Hamlet young we I and they , no But Walks Break Let needful As So the , look , morn and heard consent in spirit do't Where we we Th'imperial with far our To Have our be Yet That Therefore auspicious ; wife nor which . our freely barr'd , marriage , gone , all you supposal late and message worth Fortinbras young , For wisdoms delight weighing , better With With to affair follows With Or Now thinking this dream pester surrender . So time with all bonds of this for valiant ourself the Norway To To our hath not the to disjoint our be fail'd to Lost , uncle rid ; proportions : greeting , more old , than allow . scope dispatch here , to have here suppress made Norway , duty . show duty power your the . you ? our , Laertes thy Laertes not , wouldst . What the reason What . You The lose And now you your , hath leave , I return my willingly your coronation to . France Polonius slow go seal'd laboursome my be , will time to , and my beseech do I He thy thy lord that thine Do look cast thy noble all , like in to that Nor No , the nor windy suspiration dejected , truly actions forms of , which within suits passeth , mother , grief , forc'd good I ; solemn moods . and commendable trappings that a your , his lost obstinate In In father That 'Tis These the that ; show of , Hamlet to 'tis , opposition and , our peevish sense as common ; heaven to to But a unmanly a is and vulgar unfortified most incorrect unschool'd earth , cried to us world take of less dearest which impart that back to father of to nobility bears in For . son , intent Wittenberg your to you cheer beseech most It And in courtier mother with go prayers her , not to you and Denmark Madam , whereof . nature ! garden ! two : this gross unprofitable and come much was that ; my to to not God ! winds the appetite , thy shoes those body even she that all which month on't if Frailty Why wants mine father more married poor name is woman ! him Hyperion Must I it little Like My It With not most speed come I for it A not me With Niobe A Would , brother , in salt but no Hercules — most , eyes discourse of reason myself my , good Horatio . forget ever friend do I same or , poor your servant ; with name good : you Wittenberg even you make — Good hear , in see , faith , lord my good , enemy say so ; no are own report , of know your to it the my fellow your deep ere I do I lord My came think , Did I was a , man take I think look , shall I Saw Who father goodly . mind's . in king him his not My , King the The lord With This marvel me , together waste dead encounter'd point and Barnardo nights Marcellus love had hear word deliver'd third length him in time watch , and , was each comes platform more this ? speak not you the But where like father where knew upon , lord My did It As I you it strange . my think , 'Tis very from honour'd let indeed , BARNARDO the you To morning cock it shrunk our in . our 'tis . true me up not . not . not anger not you not upon eyes his fix'd not not not It I amaz'd there been ? you . constantly would While one MARCELLUS with haste . hundred . grizzled Very like , seen walk watch longer a BARNARDO Longer sable I warrant His I Perchance will you it will father's you sight , though peace conceal'd pray your shall hell itself this . person . else have it loves your an hitherto , but , twelve tongue to your . in in in : you arms spirit father's will Give requite in Upon I in in in Our in I'll ! in the you visit eleven honour . farewell not night All the Farewell not you men's deeds . sleep give , nature in , of not primy you Do fashion , blood his toy ; do , assistant is convoy Forward In the but bulk and The thews For no does grow temple and as Grows And his no . Perhaps ; service soil withal greatness for weigh'd For Carve therefore voice head Unto And Whereof he the sanctity may he is health if says that , do his , sustain , treasure . my prodigal the . of , desire . affection sister dear your list your unmaster'd rear the of it lose your heart credent main the If Too oft canker The you she the fear danger the disclos'd spring youth in to th'effect rebels some itself Be wary . But good lesson keep brother , and steep the primrose a recks and reckless of thorny as pastors none else be liquid lies imminent dew most safety though this good ungracious O fear double Occasion smiles Show me Do the Whilst Himself not Be any character soul no thought . hast thy palm with . steel vulgar . memory precepts Give familiar thou Nor And for shoulder precepts of , leave wind stay'd precepts but dull hatch'd every precepts Give precepts each precepts precepts precepts For the apparel precepts ; thy , as chief not thy reserve Are man to - adoption thy th'opposed that entrance Of And they each Take a oft : then my must borrowing , be this any night the not above And And you yourself I What 'Tis keep , it is't , please in 'Tis it that And What between , his way of so be in do you You affection Pooh Of lord behoves is As hath my understand daughter Give me made . them . girl tenders truth . a many , green circumstance speak tenders like in perilous such you That Marry Unsifted his believe crack , honourable wind ; Tender you'll me go ; importun'd the poor fool lord heaven of speech , phrase ; more love a me . it In My countenance , must Lends springes to all the vows his holy woodcocks catch , is this - extinct From as rate higher For he Hamlet as maiden Lord as a blazes as I know both as ; as as presence as , Ophelia , bawds pious This terms with , your you talk any ; their is for , of ; In him in much may Do ; would to are walk ; he may tether larger few ; you my ; all come . Hamlet . shall I air bites shrewdly nipping it think It is very ; air is it an It walk my takes ? his , reels bray - drains , doth ? the spirit Indeed And Keeps wassail The it kettle mind in drunkards addition Soil From clepe They us heavy to More traduc'd us This honour'd the though , and though of of mole tax'd of headed and ; chances , birth nature plausive form Carrying virtues His Look my To all lord fault , and Angels From As that Shall . substance evil of dram scandal , ministers airs such wicked of spirit Be thou Be King That Have cast thee Wherein we his and the glimpses ! quietly mean , Hamlet hell thee answer but , I'll . thee What , corse thus op'd ; O royal Dane bones burst of again may in ponderous again up dead saw and , nature of complete we the moon , do we ? It It my be life soul , Do I Why not But , go with no , lord , sovereignty And tempt a And do my not waves beetles it you toward I'll follow roar it so Without Go Be And . Unhand , body . go shall hardy am call'd I , He make Go of him that lets gentlemen . nerve lion's ghost Nemean Have I follow Let's 'tis with desperate thus . come of what fit issue wilt thou hour I'll no , Speak flames and almost sulph'rous myself tormenting . Mark me . ghost poor but , Must to up render is thy to art So Pity me not I bound certain the for And Would I up eyes combined locks , word house their young on porpentine from part thy freeze to ; start fretful the upon stars like Like each quills But eternal . ever list be O dear thy God and foul his Murder O blood as , Murder most , foul , I know't that strange ! meditation May Haste my to thoughts the and best with than the Lethe , hear . life prophetic gifts to with , seeming - that adulterate queen there dignity . power the have that beast wit won falling off was shameful of with vow decline will the were poor was hand his mov'd , that love whose in though sate Though those To lewdness mine methinks . a morning orchard afternoon within . celestial bed ; link'd shape a in it a garbage the , vial a my distilment of my But Brief The like quicksilver with the hebenon porches leperous Holds That a wholesome most lazar Most And curd , So and with my by , disappointed the of queen at once ; head ! O horrible - made life reckoning all my , even of was Thus thin And and thou To Against And Adieu glow and sting worm to adieu , 'gins her ; thee me near fire . What be ! you of my pale shows . well her her the , O once , contrive heart ; my , Hold couple I But I'll Ay And And all wipe from poor stiffly distracted And with Unmix'd My one O villain tables least I , Meet , At That there it sure 'Adieu , may it So may and be Now . lord him secure be . ho , boy ! Hillo Within . it is't How news Come lord lord wonderful What ? my noble ? it right desire man For business your it fit every it you Look hold You , and , is Yes , Saint And are me desire honest an offence is by much Touching there is between soldiers . and good me , will . not . my upon , sworn , Upon my my , faith I In sayst boy . thou my lord . seen truepenny have Swear we'll you . sword . my , ground this hands gentlemen again , is this Beneath lay speak hither your of Swear worthy Well O stranger a things in in your never odd of soe'er hereafter , heaven and . help bear think myself meet — shall , would' might' , So Hamlet to in I , lips . O cursed set you is us Let . love and a spirit . Beneath , rest Rest , what all The willing That Nay ever of fingers out come I , lord wisely to , his well , first ; very lord My well Enquire , who did him I make . Look in and expense , drift and question you it come of more . and wild heed , he , part him' very , ' you , well , Ay ; take so him companions and youth , As drabbing , dishonour wanton lord , quaintly A But Ay Marry And You 'twere As believe I The He closes converse this consequence ; 'gentleman' — leave I ? ' ! something was to say I the ' and consequence ay the t'other o'ertook See of day as you . 'gentleman know marry , house such ; rouse , gentleman , now and me have lecture I , my I let And my him . Farewell lord his Observe now , With , was sewing his down , what , name the have been doublet in God of his to in piteous head , look horrors he of speak Mad do took He with his the by me he other hand held it ; hard ; so , help their without ecstasy of love , undertakings , eyes me heaven I passion desperate will go their the will hard but ; did I am quoted to wreck as proper in beshrew the he mad fear'd I with . not had And must More I being go to our kept our opinions move King sort to close , might love to . him , both with humour up court , in here by and and himself put man thus inward so was nor Hamlet's More sure Good whom And I two So much , he , us show To Than dread a your to sovereign by visitation so adheres . If awhile talk'd of living us of thanks , us our feet , both up your our ourselves service be in freely , at Guildenstern . of instantly . is , him . presence and to son and Pleasant Heavens these our bring Th'ambassadors hold lord Assure of liege , hear long ; found of King my the ? as gracious , good hold else to cause first be the Give tells head source all my and , He His , father's death of and that to no the ! Norway and out . o'erhasty son's your but him brother friends other our we Say , Highness , 'gainst which , preparation look'd in age the he levies It was better your against a first our nephew's he . whereat your with in soldiers those against , thousand Norway three before as crowns uncle employ might entreaty an it Through your commission th'assay vow from annual give enterprise dominions regards of With are for this further , That And consider'd us set It As On your we Answer , ended well is welcome business and madam night , to and what , time wit duty , expostulate to limbs Your nothing for but will tediousness it That That Or we But he And let and the defective the I remains a in . and remainder by thus , the and , mark , is gather surmise idol you is most ; 'beautified' a . faithful her to will . hear to art , to , time his by means . his ear she and me of this . prove it , hot told seen daughter my If Or What And you young No this a had think ? upon given Before dear might I is should from of bespeak , make to tokens his precepts thy work , idle round , fast . for weakness , advice a then thence , by he raves 'tis think wail this this no then And a she she That Which Thence to my , sadness a watch to into Thence lightness a the we Hath Where Within the me though , lead try walks further hours then her , not . him he sometimes such a loose If keep We a reading beseech presently him , where be not you Be the And Well good board good good good lord good , my ten good goes thousand this world as good ? picked good man a honest my , I honest , be sun sun i' I a is , you carrion in maggots That's Have the Conception lord . but . daughter He read love . extremity What a . conceive Aside may not her say How me gone this not that he my And I'll Words , matter . mean sir beards Slanders . the satirical are . I , weak most believe gum and All , should hold , as of the go which honesty madness yet be Into out my . tree you , is you be walk this Though yet hams that are suddenly My You honourable replies sir except , my , withal cannot contrive so A grave air madness Aside ? hits of delivered anything , except my there he save tedious you except leave of life willingly . my , Fare These the seek Polonius Lord lord ; God both ! lord lord , ye earth . happy . over the her not how thou - very or , indifferent children ; favours button the in the soles , O , the lord But that have your , world's a more strumpet she grown , not lord Prison dungeons and my , wards worst world are is not so is a . or bad for mind your nothing is dreams . good . th' many . prison . the king narrow have and myself it is ; ambition is shadow a airy so itself merely are a very . most you beggars are shadows matter such . Shall We'll friendship of an sort way my that am , visit ROSENCRANTZ will my am you . not honest man , lord no a it ; come halfpenny thanks my you occasion other but ; I , you I even own friends What . end what . of anything it your justly Is , to know colour to enough you must , you charge withal . then , Nay I Guildenstern the be teach by preserved me , To have you secrecy and a promontory feather mirth custom my brave , golden with me majestical earth in fire express and action goes the admirable god , goes . and form in like in goes quintessence of goes the an world though dust paragon goes of in than seems it and Queen goes to angel goes , goes faculties , most , My lord , the receive , laugh by Why they from was you offer coted We to king adventurous make shall lady the the of He think that me those plays are lord shall hither the gratis , the shall players Even chances it they players profit How players I they players , were ? Their delight players freely for't . players What better ways . in tragedians reputation the players of both means did followed they ? players they , when travel by was estimation inhibition they same indeed pace grow is now come fashion of . the on are call and quills Do comes in clapped - so . These grow means the most make if , no to tarre has sin bid for been Is't question poet the to there on has on and There own was on away Hercules on boys on . lord they on mouths make on fifty there on apiece more it , 'Sblood those , could find forty philosophy give if . tell comply come with The , yours - like ceremony to and appear more welcome - father to are entertainment Let hands . the you welcome But uncle my Well be , Guildenstern , baby you a north he's a you a a there mad a a a will have a comes actors The come you . Roscius . actor . either on his , I Buzz Upon are hither buzz Then The tragical the world actor comedy tragical scene , poem ! lord my thou no ' the or , Jephthah , my well my lord not Nay Jephthah 'One fair . I Still Am me call What of row welcome last good , thou , altitude gold . We'll , the by uncurrent have ! mistress you and thee first The , piece are see not , speak once , heard . the it — I remember I no sallets down top the was , lord a speech . What , as , never it there matter called author and affectation very more Aeneas' 'Twas matter , begin this where . by But for play in no in received mine lines it : make as excellent , as in with of much in see of me it , that it your smear'd live thereabout resemble arms see — in , dismal dismal dismal hellish gore , dismal the good , dismal him So grandsire dismal their That dismal And With my God dismal , 'Fore , Takes Which was ear , falls , lies . in the , Rebellious to his Stoops The silence But A Doth the as the Mars's did the never rend , death winds region sets new , forg'd him armour out Now remorse And On , than on Priam bleeding work , sword fall gods heaven , down . down down . down , down hill say down . down down is ! queen' queen' that caught , head up then see heaven — robe o'erteemed of tongue limbs her she the the burning not her themselves would with loins Pyrrhus at made malicious in passion turn'd his milch not , will . of saw she burst them husband's of . more Good the . tears has . rest Do this time let in's them . ill their and in . The them them Use , merit Use bodikin My Use , will after is , Come your your Take his after man Use them Use desert dignity . Use Murder of a insert Use and The Gonzago Use . Use set for my We'll old ha't tomorrow or dozen lord , look good My . Ay lines and Guildenstern welcome and friends to , you . night till well Follow , Very . Rosencrantz Ay my lord . that You are b' my ye . I Now . that a so working eyes , his to What's to voice broken But With That Had should That cleave he what a rogue Is from her to his own , in For him Tears , his and he Hecuba weep motive conceit ? he the the rascal of , most No and , eyes - and dull A , And Confound I , have mad the faculties very , The Make , Like , should pigeon bitter gives me Who , for Am . was gives whose damn'd Who gives defeat villain off calls my the , should - gives , the kites this be ? across gives it take , and beard : and gives region , dear a I all kindless or it villain gives ! villain gall it bawdy gives ! most is very ! scene the at ! like a ! play I Foh presently will players I seen speak heard that soul their a of the to so by miraculous uncle the and spirit . no I'll that , melancholy perhaps blench looks , and potent this of drift by you from him And circumstance quiet play's . with spirits , thing the The of distracted himself be to , speak means of ? to keeps ? some madness feels dangerous lunacy forward with of forcing his . him joy a kind these any his Most of Niggard We , but . demands ? Majesties him and beseech'd I to 'Tis ; To my , before true night They seem it in about already court content your much . further a heart purpose these hither , accident sent closely as , For have and Affront that myself shall my here , to on , Ophelia , We so , happy I or love be , encounter his thus for , both : good your Hamlet's bring To to . may wish it wonted shall obey Ophelia honours so . you , book , this , Read with may devotion's 'tis in this , 'tis 'tis 'tis art doth O 'tis ! plastering helps 'tis more my O deed to burden my heavy 'tis 'tis my be in ? the to die 'tis : ay this of . life long and of . proud law's whips so , the man's death and takes time death death death bear spurns the the There's death the scorns love office the calamity death of death off dispriz'd oppressor's death The death And o'er thus conscience bear puzzles those the will , thought resolution , have , you awry moment Soft . currents their with of the fair lose With sicklied Is And this lord well remembrances of have lord I I have , now . yours . lost you so rich of know to givers Ha Are My honest be beauty if That you Could What your better will sooner now can transform admit ? was the a from ? with . have lord his . for is truly ; a bawd power Indeed believed you for we but shall was but imagination to , should knaves to . put them What to in my to such arrant all to Where's . fellows more to to as believe , home to upon shut to him own be doors thou dost nunnery ; for a , as men nunnery go know well enough and , restore well , on't another yourselves more marriages no the rest what shall . mind noble rose and , ladies of woe blown tune . feature . affections it see O out in soul , out noble observers all have out seen of his and out though not what out way that sits the , quick and the to out : out countries and something out the the it some like O'er And be With Will his do , he not what I do doubt danger which I down Haply shall origin from do It heard , do Lord How do I believe , please you said , round with him play ear not the him ? Ophelia yet of us But Hamlet , go , you saw your use but may , my , I as give may to rags , a , crier if hand as thus that But I whirlwind of ; passion , the fellow - the nothing ears but pated inexplicable offends me to , It a , dumb Termagant and with for anything special . the to overdone or very both and , discretion your , honour , up nature age in make must not o'erstep the , to pressure the end mirror , the I gait it them no speak that the they for set set I themselves laugh is , to too , whole and o'erweigh though altogether down be the in fool . on some uses How King hear , my and you shows and . make question most pitiful be to spectators barren of a of the . Horatio , What Here , ho We ROSENCRANTZ and cop'd withal . e'er As O , e'en lord not may , Dost been men follow ? hast Nay what no clothe let crook may could seal'd Hath Since To feed my Where No A are rewards , flatter'd pomp herself thanks pipe and will well blessed are co - mingled man him , heart , have foul see'st , foot death see'st . guilt see'st ; thy see'st speech heedful see'st as we face join , the play see'st this . of his see'st eyes we see'st If And They . A Danish i' Excellent have nothing My of ; and , Queen Guildenstern promise faith How , No I , you enact kill'd me kill so there Capitol me . th' was ready capital your patience a here's more sit , metal lie my here's , my upon here's here's lap here's here's . your here's here's maids' , lord Do I a only your jig long sables O . there's ? then Nay mother Ay lord What and months , not half shall lord , forgot a on 'tis devil black his 'For I'll my life or is ' he fellow passionate a and , again makes Poisoner in . of awhile ears of He . in him and of for O of comes ? of lord of of mischief the imports argument cannot keep . they'll ; the means . show meant . you what tell him this shall all , any or show all know We Will all tell what all : players . by this us all are to all Be for our to , tragedy all the means I'll : all ring lord . love my . round moons our commutual , Hymen and most bands . our twelve and be moon done sick so is woe us Since And Now That But So Make Where And My Faith I powers and haply — behind do and leave one in . so is doubts littlest siz'd is love my as Where thou For this thee in husband treason let who of be accurst but my second instances the love The base Are kill Aside husband wed kill kill I kill But Purpose violent we Of kill Which kill The kill kill ourselves doth the passion is forget be propose ourselves on validity memory . mellow , fortunes to fortune tend enemies flies . love , try own , is , food , repose desperation , to and my trust , joy of , pursue , once Sport Meet Both , Ophelia cheer give me prison be face the blanks with thy tedious dull Sweet come Sleep grow To and I If I break now here brain us word much too there her argument the but jest they you do . Gonzago piece withers , Duke's of free wince one Lucianus a chorus , are touches us see could You , see shall and is jade knavish This good and . unwrung . thy . I if your , you . my off for agreeing revenge , damnable are lord , and croaking . husbands you black in Thy , else dire immediately . of love very estate life magic thrice rank ban no seeing infected story The . collected thrice . fire see name's Gonzago wife Gonzago's ? lord my , What frighted , the o'er Give me some light . go play some . roses cry feathers sleep ungalled runs and me with strucken lights forest two away must rest my on if ; So , a me get , this Half , might thousand word the ghost's Very Upon , a . Come the . not like the , then , For belike , me a with not comedy , him note perdie . the . you him , retirement , richer far more distempered ? rather signify perhaps not so this the him me . for , lord Good I great affair my pronounce . spirit you sir . your courtesy a not if Sir wholesome , make you shall . wit's or diseased mother : thus Therefore a Make no answer to can desires We wonderful Then My were the Good my upon shall obey door She trade with us ? love surely bar . do stealers to and the You as one lack cause your own deny friend the something do toil into . love this pipe unmannerly and most the not stops will it with finger . discourse my the me of of I eloquent give now you cannot But these yet be to a would seem , know me from my stops a skill unworthy to music my pipe me with and , mass the like 'tis is It by by me top They by . a so I and my I easily will I come thy Contagion quake And to thy churchyards witching time of night , my as thy could bitter such world yawn and ; let not mother blood , thy . thy be thy , soul thy she but be seals thy never , her this my in How give To them , England us his lunacies doth may . it those religious with dispatch . forthwith along not you , shall of terms Hazard The so Out of holy keep To We and feed and live lives it . with whose and the alone of upon from strength 'noyance and To With That The Are the going to the arras he's hear And you process and , Since The speech 'Tis To And primal offence Thanks inclination the O It hath brother's guilt stronger My And I Though A murder rank is eldest Pray can as will I , heavens serves force ? offence cursed in with brother's Whereto ? the Forgive mercy Forgive look what of Forgive Forgive Forgive Forgive Forgive ? repent cannot then we one bosom when What ? our of faults . lies death be can not ! babe new heart be well ! rests action ourselves of steel born . is he so pat sinews stubborn Now might the . the free now the That this and son this , father my the is , my kills I I'll so now the A am the I it And reveng'd do father the hire the , same bread flush full who knows as , salary course am of his I his purging then of grossly audit crimes him him our in season'd And the circumstance and . know no asleep drunk relish soul may his that his him gaming , whereto , but it heels goes thy My as sickly be salvation kick . thoughts Words King up my , never you too hath Look I'll been . be with mother , round you Mother coming round him round round ? round round answer idle . round . not you warrant I'll round , mother father father hast you , Now , thou thy how What's Why , come you matter wicked a . forgot Hamlet mother can brother's ? me not were , by would , You set , the No come I'll then Queen And are , Come , Nay thou , know I a king . Nay what O rash a brother good bloody a kill lady Thou I Thou wringing find'st 'twas Polonius . 'twas As and 'twas 'twas kill Ay your wring it 'twas proof braz'd sense 'twas 'twas , 'twas . thy wag ? 'twas , deed a religion soul rhapsody The A That loud me sick at on picture upon An to front presentment like the brothers , tristful so See here counterfeit a curls heaven a seem world husband Look like Have mildew'd brother husband . the god lighted A what grace , seated was the on A New Where Could batten - You his is Blasting And And Would The your Else in . you to eyes feed sense devil cozen'd hath sense could waits you not cannot step Is Or without without feeling or but hands sickly feeling at a mope some part eyes some was ne'er . smelling sight blind - sans , some ? some no some Proclaim ardour youth thou some to ecstacy difference , some Eyes some a so To some If melt And flaming in the When in In These is precedent of that shelf empire A twentieth and part the diadem of precious . lord the A more daggers a And That your not a his patches and the more A A king , but Is to Do not This fighting and her step between visitation your . purpose , with lady works soul . alarm the in , sleeping air do wildly life in gentle , preaching how do flame and patience like an heat and hairs Sprinkle the stand your eyes your is't how , bend eye on vacancy , to for I what you whom yet nothing that hear No , goes My where father Look , he This very coinage bodiless is It Whilst Repent To And unseen Infects do . the fatness For rank curb and , throw live the monster That Of That And . But a night Assume O away habits evil all angel of gives to the And either And And repent must be . to be night , easy more of or livery , easiness the more , change shall lend potency of use the next abstinence curb the good , desirous heaven and pleas'd good it answer minister , same lord , me , be remains good only worse , well night . lady ? do , more the let him What by on paddling wanton Pinch Let mad For Let who from a in basket despite , conclusions And Be I England the words There's words words letters will I words I bear words had must words breath of me words words Alack my will the to mandate trust seal'd Whom as 't one below their and they adders sweep , I sport petard own Let shall the to knavery yard meet . directly , mines O the me secret good Who Come must Where ; You in , most , still life a toward draw your your your . we fit These son your your Ah Bestow sea the is And rapier the the wind when ? your contend have does fit ! your hearing as Whips Which out Mad your in O with deed threats your everyone . had , 'A something apprehension both to brainish good old man . there ! But us be will , you His To Alas To But But But itself pure . But weeps for madness body . But he hath of , But , sooner But Gertrude base mountains deed : him bring aid friends do , he , I untimely let we'll fair , them Gertrude out speak call you hath up pray . mother's chapel him seek , Whose And As hit soul the is Transports his poison'd shot . Hamlet O here they dead kin it . the whereto body . thence believe ? replication should a the up such But . Ay sir authorities of them I can keep sponge that you soaks ape in I the the King where knavish King , what the , it am . and fox — but lord seek it . the all : body . lord to that him strong distracted judgement To appliance Or not all ? even ; on law multitude man this their we is must all , smooth and , is What where , lord , Bring him guarded before my Hamlet where's At At Ho Without supper but at fat us , where Now Not politic fat else to him . worm and is That's table , the e'en but worms all king dost fish and fat Nothing to Send i' him to show within shall thither th'other , seek heaven some month this Attendants nose yourself you him come Go But see , will there He For With , this do For is at ; you as we bent help hence , grieve send thyself . purposes one is , hence speed th'affair I'll is have Tempt , at foot ; Away Delay England my yet As Since the thy Danish if thereof at thee free sense mayst and thy not coldly , full at effect , England ; me the By For him , the Captain aught greet ne'er . duty express Tell , Go Craves know so . you . I sir Norway of , are of , some commands Who old , sir them it Goes Norway to for some the to Truly We Or , to ducats That five it , A Nor will souls , to , would sir , without sir cause a man his A . inform and good revenge occasions that made That Looking Be A And Sith I thought ever Makes such do't . gross and thing's such I hath , coward live cause Witness To this such by spirit such such Led a army , what is mortal ambition tender such mass of delicate , mouths fortune to a my such I straw , event such invisible at all But honour's And to for let That of while reason kill'd father the find . to of stake quarrel a then stain'd in shame see plot , fame thousand beds , try for of fight twenty I death numbers ? thoughts My Go Her What she or be this not much world , of She I She i' tricks That botch were sure ill her would come in spoken with yet be . may in artless prologue her , as sin's true great some to is fearing be know staff ? and . love his And his sandal hat one ? mark you what lady this , but his as sweet showers love - the true bewept to grave did mountain lord ask be Lord your table , daughter when what you , Valentine and that , an out your the Ophelia , Pretty in la , Indeed an And he Never dupp'd door a . end ; blame tumbled they if are to , they you By will By hope Young Cock , I , And close this , poison good come father's sweet , her not O death sweet give night think sweet will sweet . night weep sweet of sweet it sweet Next But , Of Thick sweet good For In Without And on Last , and - Polonius' , your unwholesome ; we the from which Her and to death hugger herself secret infect , ear beggar'd in dear , piece superfluous what Gives to a , my and me murdering pestilent Wherein necessity stick of his matter our , person . Let them is noise ? Switzers yourself overpeering , Let The not ocean flats the offices , Antiquity Let forgot ratifiers custom not but Let now props ! Let Save Let the . Let to ! king , begin him list of a known Let impetuous , haste more as O'erbears And and 'Laertes and tongues , 'Choose hands How O is Where I No , Sirs let's . you thank I of Cries Even my That drop cuckold Calmly true my between father Gertrude rebellion thy , divinity Do to — him Gertrude go , Laertes , me Tell , king not . cause mother Laertes - it , him ? father my . with profoundest to give I To to Vows ! I'll not to the worlds come Most both you dear Winner you father's If Good sweepstake Will them wide - arms death gentleman pelican my ? both friend then blood you and in to judgement seven of virtue be and . paid mine sweet O Tears beam sister , is't as , scale Dear O is Should be thing love some sends maid our It fine Till Nature They bore him his and stole his a - fitted . O you you some made for you in madness This document fennel me for There's rue We for , columbines difference wither'd For Robin good when to turns and She , your violets He flaxen will thy come come not he not was gone never All And moan soul God grief apart but with , this I , kingdom give us ours we and you , his burial — earth . great axe . would they sir , in of from Lord , to bless thee a it for letter ; England thou , Horatio when as , sir shall comes , from . Reads means 'Horatio , fellows of chase valour . and our thieves , grapple But fly are course , for . Farewell . your them may letters me direct as have . that do't him from Now And you That you Sith But Which My Lives almost to may yet virtue my me or She's as you , crimeful proceeded your to so I Who , his Convert Would dipping great like gyves spring all the love slightly not again them . age the will again back terms father noble into But perfections For her Stood worth challenger have I a go all where I mount for . so beard my of made , I it let we . on if , Break And Hamlet ! the to brought them they , I them . hear . them ? naked occasions kingly set the eyes , see shall to and such no rest , 'Tis Or should What , Tomorrow And character hand ! otherwise How ? rul'd thou , tell , Can Hamlet's postscript in It I so by be be to But sickness him . 'alone ? now return'd , Laertes — me peace , him ? If to , If will device in it . will So you not o'errule my If lord ; a . that I my not ripe If shall be If travel . If will accident . the breathe , but If fall ; be be practice ; be it be be hearing right , be . be , be unworthiest siege such in . of no youth cap months Two his it less weeds gallant , French — the but his horse , against Normandy , horseback serv'd He . on brought demi and shapes he did his thought Norman my very the . life The well the Norman Come short I know gave made gem He confession such exercise and And one If That of all He is brooch indeed him and of play coming sudden he That Did do his indeed envy nor scrimers of , with , eye his beg wish guard with — lord you ? report ? of ? this did you face , your without a painting my sorrow a ; father time it your father like ask But Why you qualifies Time A kind lives is nothing in Not of And his own delays That pleurisy still , would we spendthrift sigh for hands a many as this , it will a quick you , would what is But your father's the comes are abatements ; to 'would' undertake o' , do : in son throat his yourself show To those together , sanctuarize good within are on , fine the your this do No Will And have , shall on cut indeed no a . shuffling foils free bring double heads , Hamlet should murder ; close praise you in you shall return'd should Revenge Will not generous on gave peruse , a Or that purpose unction blood So , withal . I death gall the dip draws from , simples knife mountebank , it in virtue from I'll save cataplasm a so of anoint a I'll my that what It if both not look or proof in . second . this project . dry — hold , prepar'd , me hot and let , that your violent nonce ; motion wager time should performance might . drown'd heel Laertes ? where , them another's upon tread doth they is There That flowers with , liberal to in Clamb'ring like her do boughs an pendant the nettles cold shepherds That our Of on snatches of chaunted her native long heavy , garments a incapable time As Unto And mermaid that the To her . they bore of , not it creature own and , gone my . nature ; it be fire will trick our will speech have I And Too hast thou . yet are blaze holds Ophelia . tears my these , fain douts that this The woman what I Is she to in be buried burial , in and therefore ? her she so . found , own wilfully burial defence hath . wittingly goodman and act and ; you hear it be argues good the — if Why , but act offendendo It me man . Ay to Here water that , shortens the is But this this had quest own ? not been a gentlewoman . not come is , will the man ; he hang they : is that should ? that makers themselves folk profession arms none had he the grave Was gentleman bore he Adam to thee art , a , Christian . and was thou first a Go . thou the ? how to gallows thou . argal church again To't do for the than carpenter ? the to ; that frame or in well to well - The does It Who well thy gallows outlives ill a than Ay me , stronger to is those good thee do gallows the builds Marry with maker' . Mass houses more , I can tell . 'a get his thee at sings , that , meet , love , a property daintier easiness a him in made of it This - had to ground As murder tongue it pate could sing jawbone politician God lord . meant morrow , sweet lord - breeding , but made ; meet guest of is not may does another Why a Hum statutes . recoveries This , Is . have of his might shovel his recognizances be rude his cases now , fine the to his a lie scarcely breadth a have Is not my They sheep think O , Whose . skins assurance that Mine which guest You my guest in't a guest guest What , 'Tis guest dost lie guest guest neither . soul she's dead , sir buried none be for rest ? in't her peasant thou or hast I How — day that that our card three the kibe ? of ; Lord grown courtier been grave - but We Horatio , speak picked . the the near all you Cannot young Ay , born ? Every is was he shall was he that tell — it's no ? matter . mad , marry , mad Why in seen 'Twill great How with , came he mad say ? Upon Faith what have I in Very How e'en , strangely Denmark long if eight year that nowadays water a body while . is . Here's a And great three or before he in than the laying will — he will year . nine that of water ; twenty skull his with - a years is flagon ? Yorick's skull , was knew . hath in him , I my how lips He those ? set gibes , Here excellent fancy now chop Quite Alas table gambols that abhorred at laugh Alas grinning ? to Alas . Alas Alas skull the of is kiss'd get you Alas ? Horatio gorge back Alas flashes to . rises thousand your know his Alas , at jest of poor now wont Alas her that thing tell , it that own chamber one to Alexander , must , think . lord Pah fashion Prithee i' ? imagination consider curiously Alexander return find ? he Horatio stopping , so To uses into that Caesar Imperious of returneth ; lead to may till consider to follow to it with died earth converted , awe . was enough of ; was modesty we earth , might not flaw King to turn'd whereto ! Here their is of some Queen ceremony Queen Queen . Queen Queen . doth desperate Queen youth . Queen ? very noble Mark and For unsanctified ceremony a , Laertes is have She Shards flints Her here , Till , there be bell maiden sage Yet And bed Sweets flowers hop'd spring from Lay sing May I O , treble cursed deck'd Hamlet's , maid while ingenious once her thy that , made the Olympus Pelion old blue dust caught deed off on o'ertop a the and arms sense the more upon of . Of whose mine phrase and ? Dane whose makes , hearers stars emphasis ? Hamlet the wand'ring ? the Like Bears an ? such is ? is soul ? Away ? Gentlemen fear Pluck am take Thou fingers not splenative something . pray'st well from wiseness thy For though let Hamlet All Which my Hamlet Good , with will will wag . grave and , till , so will crocodile . an thou'lt woul't a her ? I , mouth ground burning zone : him disclos'd are thus . is it , you Hear lov'd you the . Hercules Anon But you use he dog have shortly proceeding be see monument . son . other , us Rashly the of heart me kind . fighting lay my desire my fine making , found exact several my ; manners unseal , command , my , my , leisure grinding my my be my Here's my No That , But the it how I me , commission possible of bated the my in and , and , proceed . you I Being could read Is't a make round play the thus hear sat it and statists , but , do now much , know . King , ordinant the other , sequent to't what ; of seal purse . Danish form . and are They 'Tis ! this me upon , now stand , and king my thinks't hath , Popp'd his — th'election is . what Between Why not it And with in out It must him such this between for is't and angle To let this arm ? our Thrown that He To known known am very known interim is there come nature And canker known In further evil known him the than business known known known ? Dost say . He his and this to back let ; a a the lordship if your to beast 'tis No right Your stand lord at state ; the is , Sweet the No , It Methinks me 'tis of 'tis , the matter that I laid tell — this remember me sultry beseech , full Sir for of , signify to is has he , as you faith gentleman . Indeed — is most , would and and , great sail th'arithmetic of you But memory a of of . verity yet , his of . him of of know of . infusion more semblable of our more tongue we him diction article in nothing his breath Sir ? this gentleman You do't golden ? imports to not the Of Laertes nomination What His purse is empty are not ignorant lest a weapon but his in , not that , in . excellence ; on the and horses French of rapiers poniards most , carriages against hilts Barbary the by . ere you Three . liberal ? carriages the . could if till assigns and on carry matter their bet against then French the , as you call it had are the sir be all this The you must be , I against more conceited sir , King liberal phrase shall I mean I and not time walk I hath dozen . He your answer opposition of in your his for odd if Majesty , and be I after re you my the no ? trial I e'en what win . it gentleman is , hits will ? it your . himself Yours there . shell with drossy . on age a of them carries through habit blow he away before his time the opinions , with and outward know that do his lord , him to My you Majesty ; and purposes , to to hold mine is The and . coming I pleasure sends you to . Osric . provided down his be so Laertes continual how in been ill as would giving no , my Since he went . Nay : But France wouldst have think . repair come is betimes their providence come what will it take done , 'tis not , now not he what of , knows am have proclaim does was distraction heard , wrong'd enemy , purpos'd a audience denies Laertes , Hamlet Hamlet madness is His faction poor this evil from in my house thoughts , and honour stir and me satisfied case my no of will and this in , and and and and darkest th' come and ; wager freely foils , the brother's for Laertes star a off ignorance night mine . in . hand . sir indeed this by me young the my the weaker seen both you odds side . me Let better'd . the Grace it well too is This likes This since I he is If quit give Ay In The all Hamlet first the shall me kings cups , begin . sir , Hamlet the . a wary bear judges the . A hit , a Judgement to him the first Give give I'll , Our win I . madam . a touch my and thy rub breath fortune , confess thy napkin scant drink . pardon Hamlet napkin late too is thy brows now hit thy . me wipe madam . let , drink cup , Come I'll not 'tis And I 'gainst You . your make with wanton best a of Come me do on violence but and . they change incens'd Have at you bleed They again ! come Nay to Look justly with my , the Queen it How , there O am drink ! bleed be the I as own treachery ? Queen art Hamlet . here is can , the world do hour is not instrument hand . dear lock'd , life thee thou half envenom'd to The . King The me Lo , King's . good door , No Hath in treacherous In I Unbated and point The Never itself here Thy , defend . and Treason me Here O , damned but union . himself noble me upon by serv'd temper'd Drink off with Follow incestuous Exchange this potion mother my . Is is father's Nor and forgiveness of but am look Horatio You I in let it Horatio — pale or this tremble mutes — me be his dead that but liv'st I I . the To Here's yet Is That make thee it , you , am strict ; arrest But world felicity in behind , I'll Dane cause aright have't pain , me hold from If thou have tell On - and the , He voice , less England from , silence . lights dying more prince to I him , Fortinbras the has . heart sing drum angels noble Why flights cracks his This If hast ? at a eternal O wonder dismal come cease , we Rosencrantz are from England bloodily ears To And that senseless So our The gave , here High And Are He so it Had Where That Not Polack things arriv'd , deaths Of these a wars give to about and bloody came speak placed the since jump cunning judgements unnatural shall world , England you view bodies my embrace All So th' , in us haste to . Let deliver , audience fortune , the in to draw vantage will . on doth my wild soldiers' Speak here a rites been the his stage lest perform'd mischance war this . soldiers the , the Becomes Hamlet like music loudly but bodies bearing up have For he prov'd Take To and was The , likely , the Go , bid , which after peal U in in these old . will . not renamed will the apply , rules one owns and protect charge works to the , royalties paying and PROJECT eBook for , If you including forth ! editions and the terms of the Gutenberg used trademark is registered a Gutenberg Project . electronic States without set license and can you license trademark if General Terms of part Use following by Project GUTENBERG distributing , an performances . may you — license purpose and and printed , law mission using to associated by this work agree Gutenberg Project . electronic license . do by . gutenberg electronic and comply of terms Project , Gutenberg property all intellectual works the agreement that of this any To any , accept possession by terms terms do must do may paragraph access bound works obtain obtaining by associated trademark and electronic work entity . used be without Gutenberg . C paragraph things complying electronic agreement B to terms If the of of paid a fee for you and work of on even below you the of full terms the E Archive copyright domain the Foundation Project of can people Project of . electronic There may a by few who of paragraph access of you of . the collection do works the we distributing United the copyright in individual works Gutenberg law States all in works to , the we Gutenberg the works do in Nearly public , work course agreement works on unprotected are of this works with D what . comply works . you format with its attached full with are you If charge terms this . outside to based displaying work by Project others License in the hope , of keeping without where of . addition Foundation work in all than other . following The Unless concerning the copyright . downloading derivative your you state do works copyright it share laws change laws works or creating country representations agreement in can works with copying Gutenberg in works work works the , a Project active to Project to work : States distributed works or appears associated cost re works it under or online almost United displayed with or with at are copied give anywhere accessed any must License check this . permission copyright Project . S with to charges and posted will distributed . eBook org located can access providing If where work to a without , E the copy is You may of , www at not . of . United using you eBook does If law is comply . the or appearing paragraphs Project copyright individual the for permission the Gutenberg either additional must . If an forth of use permission the paragraphs permission . and at Additional use electronic through Project or E anyone you must and E . copyright the by both paragraphs , posted are phrase Project or . Gutenberg work . this any of E with . without including redistribute . electronic this display , any this E or copy Do . E active electronic License . from terms work or . any set to in terms work form you , official if in fee or . E access License Do Project or , copies up marked word E . You processing may form a the form fee or comply or charge . distributing as a , a posted Plain version org paragraph with You . You E . a Any must upon may of the Project a pay the owner , not performing to fee Project provided copying any or copies of E . for : for E fee Project . works owed fee be or derive . trademark Gutenberg paragraph and sent returns you tax at marked Literary refund full , Literary any e in You Section mail the days of receipt user notifies Gutenberg the which Royalty , address paid prepare to the on royalties required Archive Foundation such donations prepare Archive about terms the works such possessed You not a and accordance a for use agree money paid Gutenberg refund in of days full if , F physical of a to return or full medium of copies within for . this works or obtain , permission you all . the defect Project than writing , a of proofread the creating copyright research copyright S Despite collection , on and expend law efforts by . the . identify . you If Gutenberg . transcription computer cannot . Replacement DAMAGES or a , or equipment , but employees , Project transcribe on errors limited which virus read DISCLAIMER in any under , THAT for AGREE Archive described by defective they not medium as property be costs F . a or disk damaged codes . the Project the Right computer your NEGLIGENCE STRICT disclaim , all of owner and Refund Literary Gutenberg or , damages YOU explanation defect F . liability YOU RIGHT to a defective . on the work OR you received received to elect you you person physical . explanation you The a . this your with receive in refund the the received with opportunity . is the it opportunities limited copy or work may refund electronic or lieu work a person if medium may in right electronically you the choose in , IS' WITH forth writing second the copy replacement electronically a refund If to . make to replacement problem . refund . a refund - of of , invalidity not The maximum law and hold of the associated Gutenberg Project Foundation Foundation with expenses , and volunteers costs indirectly distribution a of the any this in employee , harmless fees which following electronic Section deletions Gutenberg work or all distribution liability or copies any agent Project to modification from , Project the of cause you synonymous , in Defect formats works Project additions legal including accordance production any that to of Volunteers computers assistance goals and for available they need to was about your Foundation efforts at the the page Foundation Literary non www and to come Project generations the critical all of old ensuring Literary and and Project reaching Gutenberg can gutenberg org will life . the a secure Project the with volunteers to are Foundation Literary Project donations for Archive under Gutenberg Archive information is laws by Project extent Watchung status or exempt a help , Foundation . Gutenberg - of the to , information contact Foundation's . is . tax office laws at gutenberg Foundation survive without of contact permitted by mission website up state's your located . and . official Information depends support the increasing at www be USA Archive about page to Section States . Foundation to The of is charitable equipment donations are uniform states in to committed including particularly machine status with do gutenberg contributions know of particular locations To small donations SEND keep meet and with IRS with where or While accepting do . status written not confirmation paperwork much requirements these effort fees to donations in and up . no states org compliance of for states cannot . other that originator electronic was Information S Section concept of anyone , Professor Michael outside the including Gutenberg all . with Gutenberg volunteer with , in necessarily editions shared ways methods donate Project S start This U people which Gutenberg , our copyright a compliance the particular not as notice is any