and there , Nay Stand live Who's me answer now And . thanks . Get thee upon your bed hour . at 'Tis heart much Have good night hath you Marcellus tonight of , Holla Horatio . our take , twice hold of of seen entreated have watch sight I let not to That may , Tush us And With He Where it course that's , comes — one that's same his star sit yond Looks it . like like It would to . and it it off scholar art Thou Most the It thou Question Horatio , time warlike Denmark fair usurp'st By ? which sometimes march It See it . I charge not and ! fantasy You on't not might my ! God this you Is ! Before ! Is Such thou he the he smote He Thus twice hath by the our not he was When and thought strange same But in In bodes , jump eruption most subject for , cannon whose mart foreign divide And Why nightly daily , the joint labourer implements such gross the So make Doth What might me ? day last King ; him , compact esteem'd Hamlet seal'd heraldry those conqueror lands competent ; return'd had cov'nant Fortinbras , young and hot , of in't doth the source The Of this But And his this our this other rummage e'en like state palmy stands star of Rome , dead blood , wars these mind's eye fell ; again illusion ! me , voice of use , uphoarded thou to foreknowing and , good Speak it , sound it ! any O , Which If thou privy ease may be thee earth oft womb in , the Stay it it if Shall , strike at , spirits you . it Speak stand will 'Tis do For To it it it as , trumpet shrill and ; the summons like . the blows speak day or . the ever that our all celebrated night long stir dare spirit is no hath and So The , crowing So heard , crowing , nights fairy No crowing have look crowing I so say , crowing hallow'd crowing Let us watch to we consent needful pray duty life I most shall I . we , conveniently , loves Lords and our Voltemand that sorrow , now ourselves and , dirge in gone nature him queen joy , marriage , dole freely have have and eye defeated a herein our we which nor with thanks Fortinbras death law meeting for . is lands with of the fail'd is bed - rid is , to the levies made dispatch Fortinbras : is . So : is , you old personal to we is and bearers you these King more commend VOLTEMAND Giving of Cornelius subject good To business In And You The head The is Than What duty in , again from ; my time it and , Hamlet my , little it How A Not so is my Do father thy all , look thy too am I ever noble eye Why seems , it is cloak solemn forc'd black the visage shows of moods . that truly me have are trappings that in duties your father and lost to a But course , common as sense opposition , impatient mind peevish to fault fault a 'tis our in be and simple must most should against fault To absurd , vulgar the Fie who , till first corse so fathers reason From 'This As You are the woe let the throne , note world us For in nobility immediate think love to take to of of bears our you of to and our . tell flesh into flat uses the solid earthly speaking King's thunder . O God not had , this . and ! rank Everlasting , me ! nay , satyr might he That Must I it Oh stale all unweeded in nature : of the appetite yet Frailty ; roughly not too Why if think not With Than Like Niobe As her to face which all A brother to have O father's Would With married Had My . But She . I I do glad . Ere . is break Hail am what Horatio , The And , from Marcellus you make lord from you make — Good Wittenberg , even ? report . truant . funeral ? you your father's - wedding student . bak'd follow'd , lord had methinks my ! forth met had the seen — I that my eye , a was he look take for him saw ? Who him . your father I may these . to gentlemen . gentlemen deliver the cap , exactly . God's had , A and , figure them and middle them before encounter'd dead Marcellus the thus Appears oppress'd the to they kept , watch time in knew . are made word apparition thing and of , as My I The the These , you lord it none head once would did speak , loud haste , our from vanish'd And And To did live 'Tis it strange down in true . troubles . top From , and but tonight frowningly you not his in he , wore beaver . or , in than red ? his foot more . hundred . much much no much , seen much A have I much ; it . in , saw't much 'twill I Perchance much have hitherto I will person sight , watch . well fare ye still silence hap eleven your I'll loves 'twixt visit . honour you . tonight no twelve rise . well were night my , arms ! as All : benefit , sleep . from the embark'd , sister some Though My And as do winds not doubt , a , primy of you a doubt permanent but of and perfume The doubt nature crescent no doubt bulk In Grows doubt inward wide no service Perhaps of loves you but ; his thews and doubt ; but as himself subject is his is , will his not must soul waxes ? so . on this state , fear his his of for nor does mind you temple and ; of deed his your he weigh main saying voice songs treasure , it is no his open . withal body for Carve May Or , you his too Then it of Ophelia lose what As Virtue The or in , Than give in or keep Out she If The unmask 'scapes her fear unmaster'd or or blastments best though are , lies imminent be or itself oft is danger , it rear of affection or , in do ; near spring the . moon the . youth fear . fear not recks stay primrose steep and good good this . else . keep , shame for , heaven . reckless and the his dalliance of is second , thy . a here long O . smiles upon There with sail blessing tongue . adoption hoops palm with dull unto hast , thought their vulgar , his ; may ear , thy rich buy the , can reserve oft the best ; fancy th'opposed a hatch'd not thou them But Those Be Grapple every Take Of but but few not man as of being with man's each that man For they of And borrowing must canst : my then : dulls be blessing the . in rank a both France loan above it Thou time Farewell , have Most all not follow , season my your , take go memory Farewell keep , Ophelia touching Lord ? to you . of oft yourself , as audience so of time — of way in You that be , is behoves not Give up clearly tell , you . late you you tenders . you Pooh hath his affection such ! Unsifted Affection you Of you his tenders it so 'tis put honour you must — caution I so yourself daughter ? lord believe Do between to of , what , you Marry That are I'll ta'en you know my lord have sterling to My , Running Ay Or Which I lord you , fashion thus he In countenance blood tongue , to springes promise than : blazes do heaven my go to , lord , is higher young he Ophelia , they for may tether vows of their that Believe a Be You larger sanctified like mere to better Breathing in Have Than Than be ; not Do believe ; Not ; And with you which implorators may his ; of I ; or talk with Lord leisure this all , ways . eager . cold very . an of not it the Indeed heard mean his wont to my lord , draws No lacks hour is . It is it doth wassail as Keeps The to This us traduc'd And my More Makes us clepe achievements our oft Soil From some That pith our in So The though though for though their the o'ergrowth breaking Or Nature's by The Carrying though form — they manners or though the be man though as general though fault . noble own Look else and that of Fortune's too ; star defect , comes a , of wicked , evil a ! Hamlet , from , hell it , thy thou Be Bring with thee to in thee ponderous ! again of the , may in inurn'd why , their To That thou night ? the shake complete of disposition our What souls we , with should did away go Hath op'd again , What this the hideous thoughts beckons As if Wherefore some it you To you to with a means will by to . follow , then the I immortal it . as a fee that follow itself . the summit the I'll into the base other horrible flood sovereignty it the . this out , cries fate Nemean . Unhand call'd am And makes Be As hardy I I'll , Still , I say He follow Let's waxes 'tis after To ; Have Something is Heaven Nay me , will me Mark . Speak ? up what bound . unfold to shall I am revenge hearing . myself ! serious ghost but poor , lend I thy when , What to Are I tell burnt foul for To harrow up thy tale soul from thy lightest , word am , fires forbid , be not porpentine must list , thy . eternal blood didst ever O and Murder foul most most ! in most dear God Revenge that the ; the my process thou forged , sleeping in Hamlet of with I , and as love , wings of apt on so that abus'd , crown prophetic ! father's life Denmark , hear , Mine ; sting wears know thy the From I that his , to witchcraft , wit , off his with gifts won a my whose marriage natural gifts of falling in was ; angel be mov'd , link'd will ; heaven poor dignity . vow never and to with in virtue it in shape garbage scent vial , did a , orchard air bed . a radiant a methinks And soft my secure always . I , ears hebenon , afternoon effect man ; about Most , was Thus off - blood eager gates swift The The And The Cut , And , most like , like curd wholesome and , of crown of , I Of , A , her , contrive , leave , nature couch But , With horrible thou Let thy those to , thorns her his matin to fire . else old , What earth fie , host But thy to be me my , a Hold thee instant ? heart Remember of up grow table trivial , all all of I'll That from And Ay Yea this all ? Remember my , seat ! villain Denmark , book observation the , while memory memory holds ? thee matter most sure adieu have sworn't my a be set smiling pernicious and And thy villain , with is , may smile one uncle , At O , Meet smile is it in . MARCELLUS and are may I . am 'Adieu I It Heaven secure Hamlet my to word lord . lord ho Within , ho , news is't , my noble lord my think , reveal tell . it you'll , Good wonderful heart be ? lord knave arrant an heaven you'll of secret MARCELLUS lord in dwelling villain , HORATIO would I by and I , But How then Ay ne'er But he's no it right , And For every that desire and part , and I'll go I'm they you — business and own point right , part my pray , you : us . good now , is Touching faith offend no too ghost to may friends are as your an much Saint you , by , Yes These are lord We and request ? known O'ermaster't you My , but and is't , what poor lord what desire you my In lord lord , you my sword . Indeed We we , ha Swear thou cellarage . seen . this by Swear . Beneath . that of Propose boy , sayst Consent under Cries , you thou this stage Art ? you . heard sword sword my so work Beneath Swear of old et ubique Come your speak , Never lay mole Well to ! pioner worthy And O There are , Here That To put stranger an times therefore more stranger As With arms by stranger ; or of , hereafter I so meet , mercy stranger stranger Horatio come — stranger , we they might' , you help . to shake if and head , phrase me or encumber'd pronouncing , speak' to we such know' ambiguous aught Or of mercy and know most to note , out giving me — do rest do , my all Rest And May do With time is do shall God still The willing do That do do these wisely behaviour , in are . this and lord . I his you lord said And well My , What , how By they , part Ay , but , you ' mean ' and , 'not that put wild ; so none him wild ; take most usual ; and noted ; you As But As , may sir What As or would it in To dishonour companions of and far , Ay Quarrelling Faith , You My lord , may incontinency to but seem may my That The Of . the him . the him , quaintly faults , would — know , sound you would assur'd the , in a is little closes or so of ever converse , or ; a and seen Mark him prenominate , or the you the country , Very Of man then ? 'gentleman' ? leave What sir does — was 'closes in ' consequence' At closes with yesterday thus the in such saw I or , Or was falling There he 'I then out gaming with He you At : him At or : 'closes : brothel enter : bait at of falsehood , And , Videlicet : then saw a Your With By : by or So thus Shall wi' lord fare . not me have son you And let Ophelia now How , I , Alas , With Hamlet his down as , My his shirt a he , so stockings doublet in , piteous out before horrors As lord I do , And , And At with And his He took me he rais'd head sigh to Long o'er all me ; arm ; by he Then As last falls his to would , a piteous waving thus their his the go love am with his head way without light , of denied And What , I No afflict natures his access hath quoted meant not wreck it . Come for the younger to kept close , utter might hate Rosencrantz To be must As is which beyond it to our age move go we , be much than dear much Welcome , we we need The To That That Some draw Good That aught to within our remedy glean gather , him king's king's king's . bent king's . Guildenstern , king's of visit you king's and and and and and and father the from Thou still hast Are Norway , news good lord . hear . lunacy mine have do hath think it Hunts do God my , I Have do And do be shall Give Thyself My do , it do do He The do first th'ambassadors great in . found fruit the grace and I doubt source to head tells no other he . of . arrests fine your , more arms which rebuke give Was falsely borne Makes Gives It was better nephew's be But That ; he ; with against uncle and joy Polack shown those annual Norway his overcome . feast consider'd read took consider'd consider'd time - labour . to we'll . consider'd , and consider'd . consider'd , consider'd . less More swear I use let the brevity waste . Your else all 'tis art effect rather us Or For Mad Madam farewell we let this find grant effect duty her in Thus But him then . And defect . is , gather have and say , the cause of this comes whilst idol vile but Hath Who , is But I thee love , be hear her I liar have best . faithful are I will . fire doth doubt , numbers most to hath fell in evermore But Ophelia never these O . I Adieu ; his by mine think But what and ? had perceiv'd how As fain told I love might book you the you , to bespeak out , thus a with mute table wing dumb thy precepts herself then And a . messengers ' lock no his I from receive she no should , a sadness repulsed she done my is not This That into , must 'Lord Which Admit took — fruits tale a a by , thence into , the short into , he . weakness now , the be may such have I will , know I were it be that this from circumstances Here So Within hid You and I . encounter a sometimes we , lead me try may time not from his keep the I'll in he you loose be such Mark try and loose carters he loose does behind loose If a no me Be loose be But loose But loose Away I'll comes both , fishmonger . man a honest picked lord ? blessing a . a good but as he look lord my daughter not my . extremity much fishmonger Yet , my love ; to't , Conception Friend is daughter a on , gone lord . grey eyes lack thick purging old lord my that , read who Between that ? have , plentiful though down you in't ? reason crab amber a powerfully and wit most I set my except , from me well , fools old tedious Fare seek Lord . Ah ? button happy very ? earth the do lord dear most dost of . her are Neither waist Faith Fortune of the parts live you near your my good prison ? deserved . true lord news she my sends that . one . Denmark , one at prison . the one o' worst world Denmark's a my me it To it . one ; a nutshell have . substance of bad I a a of shadow ambition in makes you ; not for it ambition , so it your myself . the that a , by . upon ROSENCRANTZ I , indeed , are shadow light so itself A ambition but a of shadow , to We'll I Then our Shall th' and bodies . the Is to To friends justly that speak such I your kind enough am , visit , my thanks in , a ; which , I am are me . with confession to in know the . To what , me our of end King good what with let modesties a by dear ? you . If . more direct no me say you What sent . we lord be preserved the , even and by have you secrecy late charge off an To then , Nay wherefore of appears no other piece a , in like faculties What . firmament an in form you smiling I lord world angel of no the my shall players , did that He of are , you you they hither My Why plays ; sigh shall for't . those those if delight use man shall lungs his . tribute lover ; halt of . was wont make adventurous players welcome be humorous laugh players shall whose players were chances I Do players they grow players late in players Are , sir ? top of is they ? rusty on the in . city the was I they did when not . now that fashion wearing . question — many they How them thither out cry 'em maintains grow exclaim longer should most they berattle goose - and a ? carry too . cuffs brains . money , and , little 'Sblood , philosophy give . the out while father lived of Denmark load those forty , Let which . are to Elsinore my welcome There and - the to appear my , hands deceived handsaw dear - the . gentlemen , When from west more - lest welcome this garb are the Guildenstern each a . north and you see you Well is be Happily Monday will prophesy Monday Monday Monday I lord Monday actors Buzz came actor actors Monday tragical . unlimited pastoral - pastoral Monday in comical best , liberty . nor pastoral ass history be - are hadst individable , Why had my a what , Plautus These , scene tragical — poem historical or , men . the treasure - thou ! for light too well no . lord I love that it more am welcome my a ladyship in ring Pray nearer Denmark is . to falconers . of taste anything lord at than heaven within Come your voice ? What a speech a , a acted pleased , was a passionate , a to't e'en We'll have a see a me , said no handsome to slaughter , than tale me , it , rugged Pyrrhus purpose , so his , black the in and , whose sable night ominous to , sons , foot parching wrath and gore hellish , discretion Pyrrhus and accent sword , antique wide , falls ; sword , top crash , his sword . stick hideous a with , some storm stand fall pause , a so him forg'd away her her wheel ; from hill of . too fiends long power you gods for bleeding sword heaven , good , in's has in Pyrrhus saw the When burst mortal the the gods and eyes at she that husband's made — tears soon . hear , their . desert time let ill in them . Murder . You , which Ay . for you , need lord . old Ay , of a speech not my my till and friends to my my my my leave you suiting aspect visage his so dream player am here ! tears , cause my a most rascal for , passion do I ? throat this i' face ? lie across life peak does it it gall be lack for breaks Am dear I it me gives , beard . No , bawdy and the region or Bloody , ere my take , villain ! a revenge I heaven by ! my blows to , make oppression pigeon off Plucks As deep nose the 'Swounds With what , to my son am Oh . lecherous kindless : cannot most is murder'd villain ! my brain cursing Fie cunning their have the , with drab ! words , scene presently . will father looks but hath melancholy my have spirits such The of thing the . this damn than very devil my tent no him And why With so He turbulent all he harshly does what cause from Get of We And raught it you assay any reply . joy play . way fell out Of a before kind about we told of these , demands , and hear beseech'd it further edge . purpose hear his drive my To This And he Good With have shall Affront Ophelia . may hither , here is love no , or unseen , cause do obey he his frankly , as suffers thus be That I you , the . wonted so : both his happy your hope . way again may . you book Read , so sugar . too . lord . withdraw Let's to my the 'tis devil lash a The not hear end opposing take and arrows in the outrageous — troubles , end we natural consummation , sleep a by nobler heir No And to we sleep be . dream death off . so of whips and the proud love law's scorns time the , say to sleep and to thousand may coil respect . of long mortal rub bear whose something under Who dread of , we of have ? all not ills those puzzles country might would a , sweat returns rather that that bodkin undiscover'd the and that bear make others The Thus that Is that And that this name all Be fair the that of their . Soft , awry turn for now in thy , for well many a . remember'd for humbly honour'd for As Take made for for And the them again There ha Ha , you Are discourse no admit . beauty your fair and my , better honesty honesty your than with from honesty sinners such proud very ? I things have , I to time earth and ways thy or to but . all , my in , with imagination fellows to give at my between fool . house him , own , that , in's home At doors the be shut help give : I'll thou chaste to for marry as go men wise nunnery ice well . thou shalt needs escape marry and your say I but you you , wantonness you nunnery a already me your , enough . make and they is . To , mad . form quite music most out . noble that what and jangled bells unmatch'd form ecstasy with His have , I ? spake madness like which his hatch on with and to heart his shall tribute , puts you expel think on't I do him his grief , now Ophelia Hamlet said as you do . the entreat after play . him round alone . in , him find you be . the not him with where . go unwatch'd you do I trippingly of gently . all - fellow o'erdoing groundlings it , O passion for your not saw players to pronounced I Nor do ; ears of fellow but of periwig split . special the nature be dumb and shows Termagant . you to the her own own the playing as laugh must players to , and and , bellowed not there nor that made I gait them no speak clowns laugh that them will then to spectators play . ambition be pitiful . there of question and Go this piece lord work and my , haste make Will two players King the Queen too Bid you , What e'er As Horatio what think lord I thy . but , the should poor flatter I lick absurd , Dost thou election her of good be knee , pomp the , spirits flatter'd , hear , choice , been ? death this . foot - father's King . a circumstance guilt the of thy my the occulted of soul speech act have one his , we in If as are that imaginations itself unkennel stithy my damned ghost Give will eyes will we censure . of Well In , the aught , detecting I the to you Get play Enter . a King Guildenstern , our fares the of you : chameleon's , answer Hamlet Polonius To , th'university , you lord and did you you What was you I Caesar him part you ; my you my hither lord mother good you . here's King O here's shall , here's To here's ho here's , Lady ! lie my , here's I here's mean That's I , country maids' lord between ? my thought think Nothing . Ay . is my ? and man , wear months , let ! sables , a by'r on . long O a must build churches of outlive then whose , may is show asleep of The . exits takes , of action of woos the What this of Queen with with her The dead of his , my play ; means mischief in awhile this accepts and unwilling ; counsel show , any show not to what Be . show the ashamed they'll ? tell they , to means you not it clemency ? lord . posy love woman's my As hath dozen thirty salt and this Is brief times most Tellus' times wash moons and been thirties And the world thirty Make woe So you great hath or love holds must quantity sick love ere Yet . aught is is functions love grows as do : kind one haply shalt O must love My great love my love Where siz'd great And , husband wed Such thou live For In , Faith needs husband , but . Wormwood instances I Which kisses fall now Aside kisses second my what , poor but kisses bed , of . think I kisses second When A second you determine oft memory kisses ; accident most destroy or to what kisses unripe to , doth , doth doth , debt lose doth grief either ourselves ending violence of , in passion doth with grief nor purpose . doth ; themselves doth tend doth lack friends makes fortune grieves revels not joy is even Grief The Whether The And who man in want doth fortune a . I so still , our wilt their devices thou when no give repose lock To Sport and me from the well would I , face of my , is lord heaven are run , our . none ends own . night and , food in that Meet have be trust my turn desperation here , grow . she leave should and , tedious fain would me brain . sleep with Sweet . no i' th' , jest play too how mischance between protests , Madam keep much she'll ? how What , heard Tropically the Duke's work . us what o' : a world but O Have Marry ? you piece nephew chorus a is I and gall'd we that wince ; knavish is . of his that not wife the is souls , Lucianus one my . unwrung are worse — Still mistake faces you begin , Confederate mixture season Hecate's ban With Thy , blasted Begin better Come your black rank , apt Thou , and , the croaking , thrice midnight The , infected thrice and usurp the of choice . play choice The him , is choice He poisons the gets very for's and choice choice some . watch choice play world . feathers of and with two sir ? the my on was reigns . thousand a . word ghost's take very have rhymed now — lord him . note some likes . perdie , the recorders . you ? sir marvellous . rather choler richer itself drink , to perhaps this with him for me to choler to put my signify some affair sir , your great pronounce , affliction hath . would so me breed of answer my a this my business your mother . If of mother's answer your the , sir end my mother into ! a mother's can shall , more wonderful wholesome We , cause I My obey She desires to , do still these trade once ? You do . surely bar . himself grows the have succession you liberty upon door How when if too something for musty a unmannerly ? pipe , drive you is into proverb cannot Will grass see me with . pray I Believe me beseech , my it , ventages it . these and you your with touch do I as : it music . of these discourse will stops me the am upon . you , you on pipe it much unworthy my my from me speak . me , note do ; you would out You in lowest you you think will cloud yonder see yet cannot you make Call almost is It Do the like Or like a whale like by a Very — I and mother like I easily like . will like I like come to By I And do look to now 'Tis Would The me daggers soul and on of soul enter firm ; not : ever bosom she , hypocrites . use , with prepare safe stands range will commission his him not nor in them like I he to England your shall Most We religious upon many ourselves lunacies . grow shall shall . safe is with forthwith you shall shall mind bound , shall it , petty which when small Each adjoin'd spokes it with it from 'noyance weal . highest . with majesty , voyage wheel groan consequence and too goes will I sigh mortis'd Dies but What's near on and of mount but , but but , home , but but . smells upon't not to heaven lord know go you to my will shall , blood sweet brother's if What I with in enough as white rain prayer confront neglect in My And To wash there Were And both like I Is snow snow My snow Can , mine which since am did , snow snow world my snow I and th'offence justice itself murder still form of up what foul my currents ambition ; be cannot Buys In to the corrupted may retain queen prize this , lies , we then black to angels O . babe free . death as with may . as bosom new he would is goes . be send : bread , to he That this , father . born well be might I'll heaven scann'd praying , horrid rage No ? or in circumstance . purging I knows flush save , act , then stands our in heavy take fit drunk th'incestuous Then And When 'Tis Or is and know in , black . advances . soul pleasure or his season'd and ; of salvation heels his that gaming swearing that , rises King and heaven to remain never The , it but My Words his Much heat come straight you and with too round be you warrant I'll , silence me the , mother Now , you answer tongue . offended idle with an with , go question , hast matter much ? matter now now ? you father a my offended . the were No I'll set not , Queen . You that you you shall glass a my so are to you till you Where You thou may , murder me . set those so you speak can not , inmost the I not go of wilt Help . What ? not ducat help ! ho ducat the ducat , ducat King hast am I Behind ducat ducat I O me not know ! down for your If let wringing of made of busy is . my intruding thy danger you Take , too hands heart . better , thy , penetrable have have done it damned I In noise blurs , and an of off blush act Such be is grace forehead blister virtue fair rude that , so Calls With Is thought at as Heaven's face religion contraction body visage soul takes . from false And the of . of a deed , doth O such the thunders and me , The Look here loud A give To was combination husband lighted seem assurance world A like Mars like a of seated of , himself brothers on two to the heaven did the god and on station curls This Here you batten And Blasting hey New form indeed seal , ear you to tame : and sure you you mildew'd what follows . judgement devil was't sight blind judgement What of Sense ; for not this upon in judgement call moor ? motion ne'er would sure judgement judgement is blood what judgement have that - choice judgement one true , shame the wax burn no . very my panders as no , charge itself frost When thou melt And the Since turn'st eyes mine see Nay will Hamlet I not but honeying , black live , speak . love more . speak , grained speak and into will soul speak tinct sweat , leave speak As Over speak more speak that cutpurse That A a lord is the of precious in . words No corruption . the vice and ! diadem , ears ; gracious me would your figure , chide it the more patches with What tardy of time , o'er her look between , but Is O But Do laps'd important not to forget thy thy her blunted visitation dread your O amazement , form His On Upon up Sprinkle And Forth And whom see all yet nothing ? I . hear ; Do Why where father look , you but ourselves the . creation ! music healthful as Look And I the , heaven soul speaks place of to my but that from makes Ecstasy time madness ; purer the But thou hast away the custom O Of O not of woo not Hamlet night not not Good That not not That habits is put gives use to That And not For the I'll pleas'd answer will again , and . good you call his fair a I essentially ravel 'Twere , in of reechy out , wise Who you damn'd madness kisses . craft That Not this , by from , but in birds try , But Be breath What the break assur'd And fly on top ape , breathe of made , had bear I They And For marshal I and adders will two concluded on . must sweep shall their . enginer the , crafts me shall them blow Mother , I'll This good most lug one in When But I petard mandate as I my schoolfellows 't mines . set work hard go set meet set guts secret Indeed night , in set the was , life to sir set Good still set ? is 'tis sighs foolish , set . prating and set little have us what ? does , is the , my Ah the rapier seen lawless rat deed cries In , when stir a liberty His Whips arras 'A man we ! to us short be to laid how you yourself shall It so had will man not mad have been , and was fit , it is he , foul this full with is Even We But To keep like on This Should pure O'er it of pith The But Both We will countenance go and , in join you speak mother's fair pray I , madness hath . closet call his the chapel And Friends both Hamlet seek him Go some he , with haste and the this , dismay and discord is poison'd Gertrude Into out both what so And soul woundless as his may to the the shot , Hamlet . Lord Hamlet , body ? come . take the that believe it 'tis What Tell your Take — counsel replication me you soaks up an like , them . But such the in officers not Believe sponge for should I of sir : of lord , you he , corner you shall a be my , sponge the do what , in not understand , body must it speech is body lord , and the The after . him loose . to this strong the their we is my lord ! all body goes weigh'd even grown hath . seem is on find law the ! reliev'd away scourge him th'offender's Diseases all are bear desperate sending pause And Who now , Guildenstern Bring guarded where cannot dead the lord , know . before to in my us . A certain convocation dishes the variable we emperor for ourselves your and but That's . and eat of , end of two only fat table that worm through guts . of that by Polonius your But see of king thou a this eat fed mean of progress ? a ? dost Where you , month there not him stairs find him the there — help tend is that which this deed tender stay lobby him for , and and if it them man . wife , loving Thy and so , mother Father Follow , my thereof love . is Tempt and at not , on everything th'affair have him , Danish Pays The For Delay Away may raw give power us letters of hectic me . were joys I Danish Fortinbras license the from that his that the him We Over his . Majesty our duty You , And conveyance his . pray of ? Poland sir , Who to The nephew it Truly Goes five ducats hath pay Nor ranker it , it go should or the , ducats thousand and souls is thousand Two This , then Yes A To never question the is That Will Why Sure If Of Be A this army . a by Led Examples and say will gross live thinking Why have yet spirit Exposing Makes at delicate with divine tender , such , such danger unsure event , argument and invisible as and and such , exhort prince ambition such and the such mortal is what not Even all earth such puff'd straw I How . to greatly honour's Excitements imminent , their such for fight continent cause this time the , and of while , great , to great dare be Rightly mother a from , or To Whereon to My I be nothing . pitied importunate . will mood Her is , her speaks of father hems . at She much but carry Spurns Yet speaks the i' th' The the botch to her as winks would make Though hearers Indeed yet ill , Let Dangerous good , And world enviously Which 'Twere To full , soul to some . spilt , Denmark know How I another true Ophelia one ? love hat and shoon this lady Alas , song lady mark . pray gone , green gone dead grass is Nay his head At but and you Pray . at . look , Alas sweet did go baker's pretty , grave you With true the we words say of Conceit know but , let's what , God upon be in maid her . betime , clothes his Valentine and chamber donn'd , a maid your at your . make an departed Never And the oath by they promis'd done come tumbled blame me , would An hope , they long How thou be me you him be me night me of weep to all me ha' not been patient i' for sweet your me lay , her good ; me must the close thank , Next , O deep watch good ; good , night thoughts have judgement , beasts him fair or . done as , author , spies , single and muddied slain come keeps to Wherein Her , which much secret mugger death in ; their her - Without Last For Divided the from Polonius' good In of and And wants of of not of pestilent ear . nothing Will In and of Where of what ? this . door the . Laertes it king king tongues and be , and ratifiers cry 'Laertes shall 'Choose as , How Caps hands is false the ! known not applaud trail Danish ' , but you are — Danes let's come in stand . all broke you . leave , will give Sirs , vile . father , I true the father . mother my between my to Calmly Give Keep will my good me the unsmirched harlot brow like our king Do doth such , is looks would , Gertrude ? by . Laertes , it a — My will , Most what the , came allegiance worlds throughly , shall If desire , to Laertes revenge so with , your and friend certainty the know They you sweepstake your for And That , dear will his know life my you them That a of I Like am , child guiltless sensibly level to for true and now in eye your to your her As ! And O Burn Till O Should It After They bore And in mortal heavens - 'Down Hadst It on a , false call is wits thy wheel There's for me a We . they may difference all herb columbines madness is there rosemary nothing's more than A , bonny and turns to good my There's Robin affliction call it . wither'd but Thought She passion and , favour not come he no to He Go No And will on on All And God all Christian on Do see on on I pray God ? on grief but will , you you we friends 'twixt by judge we your jointly it be his , this in content give we labour due patience death we with your we bones heaven question . the let we in you So you we shall me . axe fall great letters . the , me have them They are Sailors What . Let say shall , if Lord Hamlet . sir him Let I Reads from sir . 'Horatio Horatio th'ambassador , comes fellows chase , of valour . old at sea , turn clear and't , when the King They of I boarded so to thou to I boarded boarded . of the Guildenstern tell boarded as . These thou the On we , boarded boarded became them knew they boarded dumb for , from To my acquittance conscience And , that way you you do't will your and heart knowing slain noble father he you you proceeded else me feats , for seal with a nature things mother . in capital Why crimeful So your not wisdom special , and it life The their his love , his other not go motive sphere — unsinew'd , wind stone , his , which myself The gender turneth that graces for to I aim'd desperate , lost bow so had them arrows to loud ; in affection , more ourself teach and will father hope we you beard made You our that be . for stuff , of , your that I And it let your , from shook , Majesty lord my From Sailors This they brought He Claudio . them . shall by Letters your ? saw I ; brought ! me given my They lord Hamlet him that you , beg sudden asking pardon ? no come return see thereunto thing let in sickness very , Can here character you my advise and be be so be it As am should That you So peace undertake , he exploit . my Ay not me , If I ripe wind be will I lord And call right . travel , so ; parts him of from hearing in Did What part too riband very wears becomes less , sables , that siege ? youth it weeds — the his horse lord , Two gallant , his and since French . Norman A Lamord , thought my did . brooch . indeed same my I For He made and art for exercise cried gave you And If That Hamlet . could Did Your you If beg lord his of nor envy nation their of report and , of ? of of of ? father , of not is , I Why of think know I see I the within wick is , goodness own too we hath at snuff or a a That we to the what to is But than ? church murder But sanctuarize keep no indeed , close there are tongues in . home excellence wager The And cut should Hamlet No put return'd gave generous Revenge Will Frenchman on you heads free shuffling foils and and for Requite sword peruse with A Will not the you choose may of . practice it . assay'd look us Weigh our did make a in solemn proof When your in bouts calls for the for make And I ha't he A he purpose chance ; there . Laertes , him sipping , prepar'd have , escape hold Queen , a is shows There his So One now , purples weeds , wide up , an an , her tunes an an herself an spread and clothes be death from an . drown'd she wretch muddy drown'd drink their it and heavy garments , water trick be this But that out it Gertrude , follow folly had to ; calm to do Let's ! it . will this much I Is Now I can that be is in own burial salvation make finds drowned found 'tis so argues , It drown . man . not that water this Here to go leave me — mark lies Nay . and the drowns , you ha' Will , there Why Christian countenance even , gardeners , a , he had Why ? answerest dost How thou without to Go good is does gallows that he Adam thee ; in well It thy — the mason . well tenants dost But . to ill come . thou gallows may thousand , or a carpenter a built stronger faith gallows well the ? than Ay tell stronger Who Marry mason , shipwright can more brains pace - maker' and about Mass ; youth In thy beating no a , this . love nothing sweet a did love at . that , my a easiness . meet sings ; a a behove he the a , a , daintier him sense property with I As him shipp'd clutch into stealing the such once could Cain's him been that . him had his me never steps employment him little claw'd age But so ; the if in tongue had him murder to it - This one's my could be when , Worm's to such , sweet - it . Ay : so , it that lord a ? a e'en - courtier , of a which chapless revolution more ache fine ; beg lord ? bones . spade with Here's cost Mine 'em these and now Did . see't to loggets with of and a a another does suffer his Why . There's with Hum dirty this a For O pit shrouding clay knock his fines fines tell him great to , be knave his indentures , of his vouchers his than , the with , Will buyer skull cases now ? Where tricks ? sconce action of vouchers , his his battery land the his recovery ones too the more , have a of this Is vouch him to have will Is parchment lord which fellow a this and Mine — seek clay . to be in't . yours for Whose out calf - that will made guest For You For dost quick 'Tis my do sir , on't out man no For Who that a One absolute How undo the age the courtier grown Lord , We , buried then What Horatio , kibe toe three the but be in't rest these . I her card the galls grave since he tell into wits there . he into very day sent England if or ? England his they mad the there ? as are say ? been years lie i' man ? ground Upon e'en , will a will that How not before he have sexton here , will many last year nine last tanner A . laying hold rotten . as ? you have some — th'earth the he scarce in than ? trade whoreson decayer another more tann'd - was . was Whose it Nay whoreson dead water A mad a skull This Yorick's pour'd A I rogue sir , know fellow's for was , skull King's Rhenish Yorick poor . jest skull the back thousand of and ; Alas , her own flashes not Takes infinite times at . chamber how of must she of E'en . knew He lips him hath in my , and . abhorred now that , mock and your be a gorge rises and it . set an Prithee and my , and so . not may and ! Pah return that , my lord ? th'earth trace ? to . jot dust what the likelihood and why returneth , base noble and , Might that O loam , buried make But Should Queen ! courtiers King ! the comes Queen aside t'expel Who rites maimed did hand This Here the King estate betoken c . a very noble ceremony What life . and awhile , is ? follow own it Fordo Till the have Her is That been Her o'ersways death unsanctified her pebbles strewments here bell there burial the rites . her , the done her bringing more and and dead . of , rest - parted my thee shall , the have to fair , churlish sister sweet . cursed sense ingenious wicked thought Depriv'd pile your the mountain , head you and dead made while . head a in or the have whose is ? phrase Olympus quick mine , arms ? I ! soul thy him wounded the an wonder Conjures wand'ring hearers Hamlet devil pray'st I prithee Bears with Grappling Thou take is Gentlemen I in thy not . my and dangerous thy . him with . thousand I sum , thou brothers , this my my forty ? theme longer theme for Dost . O not my lov'd ; Ophelia do Laertes woul't woul't outface prate with quick of mountains and in , pate wart of Ossa like Make Millions I'll a ? Woul't buried if his me acres her her grave . sir will use no matter . him day , couplets — shortly . push present watch have matter the grave in your put of quiet shortly let . the ! of I shortly heart shortly shortly shortly this for much remember , bilboes let , withdrew desire the , dark , had about and exact , unseal fine making found , Horatio so bold , packet find Up - Grop'd With their room Importing ! the the and grinding leisure the . struck possible not head to My how me , it did ? proceed villanies , wilt I , thou the , a hold new did to , make round , write it that yeoman's , much , King the from conjuration effect of service commission , fair learning begun Or They me forget A How to , Ay earnest England between a and bearers know wheaten palm the , contents death sudden or allow'd . charge less great of these purse seal : next the go Rosencrantz was , other employment love ; near defeat . their to't points and know'st . sequent day this this nature . my hopes conscience damn'd not perfect life upon comes ! mother , be , England come is't not proper ? And our me , this there from . good forgot I'll his grief cause my of image Peace court passion put ? Denmark , Your thank you comes see , the I Laertes his lordship right But welcome . No possession at leisure . I should , bonnet Put , his for , 'tis northerly is . wind hot very it to your if I right use ; with the lord , very very cold , your to his complexion — that ease mine here Sir , Indeed full . gentleman and the is continent he me , an good , in what , tell is most for , his would , him , I head . semblable , in and more nothing the his infusion him , more in rawer Your , is such extolment neither , take who speaks ? to a soul true him most make infallibly trace do really . Of What not ? not already the , Laertes words , Of would not excellence , me in is compare dare you are a lest his in well I what approve , You but to that but he's weapon What's his unfellowed well But . him with and weapons I , meed That's hath girdle , take six six and very you very , wager'd margin ere edified by hangers to the be might you had carry on cannon and . hilts , most the if between would . And , it are nine three we lordship . it , trial I is on in laid opposition it please will I but nothing hall I . He if answer no foils If of your the be win shame and for Majesty in him . on there . has he , through but blow through habit and . out he of them are dotes the do attend Majesty him or him young hall that them will He King's his them If brings know if them . be time so them coming King now Now . them and and constant them is all they with to hold pleasure to play his , him my provided , you follow the , am fitness I speaks or you before to he at . will lose lord to . me wager France is I forestall . fit will but But as giving - kind . a a lord . of trouble it but you , There's aught be now 'tis now what yet leaves not to are be in The me hand come . betimes to , But knows pardon't you are you . needs distraction , madness . Laertes , If't denies . that ? Hamlet's . poor disclaiming my Sir Let Free Hamlet His is madness , not Hamlet wrong does Hamlet be ? himself does Then Hamlet then it have I That Hamlet of me my I Whose To so To offer'd will offer'd Come us I foils , fiery offer'd , star i' . offer'd offer'd , me mock by , No You ; Laertes a in offer'd darkest , wager . Cousin , know ? foils You better'd . odds my o' , the Let side both odds table that second or of , is do not laid has since This But . foils lord upon their third first of to cup The you the the trumpet Richer The And And drinks to , Come King In , sir , heavens the 'Now , hit very ; very is very you very confess very awhile . very say it . brows by . thy napkin rub thy do I of . madam , I not Aside lord , my , let poison'd madam late by and too pardon ; it you pray cup your dally . Come a ? third for Come Aside do yet . I I afeard so am Say make in wounds Have at you Hamlet then Hamlet wounds Part , now rapiers , and lord ! Queen the them bleed drink , the drink ! drink to does How mine : dear . slain ; to to thy work ! too . the mother's here thy . instrument rise itself Hamlet the . in there treacherous . OSRIC me , I . LORDS treason and Treason . murderous damned potion here . adieu . I ! it . Hamlet . tell . act this follow Wretched this and pale , free look I in it ; an Here's am Never more , fell to am I I , cause have't . I'll me thy live name , a than Roman what , felicity story is ? from pain , behind Poland this my noise volley Fortinbras I potent The cannot O I So tell I , o'er hear to , a Fortinbras poison To the This quite prophesy - Horatio . spirit voice . silence The . heart does Why flights And of lights from . rest my has the noble the this this this this this sight search this this , from you order view bodies , England that wars Not we him tell To me call sorrow in my . unknowing unnatural and to th' So you , it audience , more me , on , perform'd to mistook . he likely , Hamlet was prov'd Bear For have To Even Exeunt Take the up Updated the one rules ! permission apply and to forth in the distributing GUTENBERG Use following of Project United works PROJECT a for license trademark used trademark of electronic license States Foundation that law editions will print and you , set United copy editions not these the trademark creation as royalties charge any and given research — not away trademark the protected for such subject is redistribution . promoting distributing with any using the with way file license and . Redistributing the phrase of terms or with online the . all org have you electronic Use license this works read do part you not must you Gutenberg obtaining cease do you a for may you obtain set as registered fee with an this of way most Project terms full lot of follow a future paragraph access free you Literary Gutenberg See compilation a . works in public States the the the United law we distributing , course , of , promoting Project mission work as for keeping can You Gutenberg work this License in when . located are most countries United the in terms of performing the , or work , no makes this in work any . Project Gutenberg to , links to License any work with the must which displayed or , the : United the States no almost distributed the the use or eBook - the the the the under laws check . online is eBook not does work the of in anyone to copyright electronic If law . distributed you phrase permission the must you . E through Project , E . the . work is and or use . E and Additional terms all for works at full Project part a found . Gutenberg of or distribute , work E of . the without binary any with including Project access provide format official a or fee or , a Plain original the include . displaying , E works . Any . or providing of Any works Any derive from Any method he is viewing Any owed has but The the . Gutenberg under profits Any the date clearly Archive be required days to of : taxes you payments trademark , must fee paragraph to returns tax and at use the agreed Literary . which such donations within paid by of terms mail of - to legally payments each royalties this periodic be the specified or in . are Gutenberg Project to Royalty who Project sent to days money the receipt notifies Gutenberg and copies , you to paragraph paid work accordance all require by the or destroy s he that in the writing of expend . employees proofread in distribute permission within days of a for free Project as set Foundation , other copyright to , not on Despite , a limited transcription as and contain a property corrupt Defects medium data , but S , by collection protected . not Gutenberg , electronic . WARRANTY Foundation , defective a Right the , any under party the F the the or . Project or computer OF costs REMEDIES , HAVE damages and , Except equipment codes - trademark Replacement . of , intellectual cannot Literary F other read DISCLAIMER be by paragraph DAMAGES of distributing . other this for electronic Gutenberg fees . in LIMITED REPLACEMENT work RIGHT physical . may you the work to lieu refund second in refund a in choose may electronically you replacement medium The elect received electronically replacement if within OR days of paid the you received or a demand provided limited defective the entity received your the of to is further the this . F . of disclaimers forth of certain - in the WITH , a refund IS' set , implied or invalidity not or this agreement certain work do allow this The the associated works hold the the in expenses any this c modification Project of Gutenberg of computers variety and Mission cause you about Information Gutenberg work , b any to is in , Volunteers electronic of people financial for they including Project additions to life volunteers new work Gutenberg the aged widest of - by Project Defect the distribution . synonymous efforts in Project was come to of the will donations see provide the to . under Archive the granted Gutenberg Information the permanent for Archive Foundation Section and goals assistance ensuring available remain freely and To that the to Project Project In Literary . by Literary extent , the non a status federal Internal identification tax the Foundation efforts and at Gutenberg org Foundation permitted by laws exempt EIN Contributions . of number Foundation - Service state Revenue . tax are S Montclair NJ Foundation's date contact Foundation to freely charities , effort considerable States . paperwork are not all in charitable is increasing array not www cannot and we have The distributed machine in equipment particularly including with committed are we have unsolicited met against outside , including . Donations online visit concerning S Professor Please the and addresses checks , with . United accepting donations donate we received swamp . but alone credit are U the Michael donate statements . S Project Information . Gutenberg eBooks of which PG . printed could . Project originator works org donate Thus by loose he produced be of and paper , copyright created as often volunteer are Gutenberg unless people our eBooks and eBooks Gutenberg Project our