and unfold me ? Nay hour your upon . cold bitter Francisco at quiet I Have much struck night guard stirring mouse had bed , them Marcellus , haste bid . ho this , my Well Horatio think The farewell . there . them And Friends hear I liegemen , honest soldier the , of . good Give ! Holla , who hath Marcellus of him take hold , us , to of entreated nothing seen good , but our fantasy seen this and awhile down eyes have sight . appear'd let apparition speak it appear ears , night . 'twill the pole , have our Marcellus speak down . and one from that the comes of again that's Horatio the King ? Mark fear . Horatio . like like not art Thou Looks it In Most thou which In . a , art By majesty sometimes is march It ! the stalks away . thee Denmark night , of ! pale and more something ! and , will ! look thee ! charge might ! not tremble than and ! eyes true ! combated thyself very the thou think You on't King armour ! So As was Polacks ; angry : frown'd Thus when Norway had the ice . jump the he particular some down , same , this strict tell our state parle . the , once With This twice , stalk In strange know eruption gross But in the why sit the Why What divide of for , whose land watch knows day with the war ; sore that can Sunday mart daily and of of haste , us appear'd the our Fortinbras so might And And such implements the the Whose At Was least image to this Did , toward , this - can That Dar'd For Did this forfeit Which , stood by with the he Against gaged Had he so in of Now vanquisher side combat which world seal'd other our is some and , to doth stomach it hath Shark'd food us lands hand state no lawless resolutes , and full cov'nant , strong take it foresaid the in and I : of Rome eye . but that sort through our question the stood A The the mote it little Disasters Did most graves stars trouble of like e'en watch state palmy and in fire ; sun and Julius star , events the sick even As And prologue and climatures earth ! to the trains of and sheeted dead ; blood of Roman streets , fates demonstrated . harbingers Was Have Unto our it sound thing and country's ! That , it thou to thou spirits , to , ease to me thy O in womb thy may uphoarded of . privy Speak thee may If which they treasure . me . stand not strike with the , Marcellus my of I , if it it it , Do 'Tis gone ! show partisan , malicious being so of , blows it do To was For it to cock , a started , and day lofty Upon is summons in fire of at his - shrill , like the fearful the sea Th'extravagant And , spirit made the present with his This It Wherein And The they our say Some The , bird that Saviour's birth 'gainst object . confine on nights To , No But , heard to no the part believe . charm night , mantle eastward my tonight my upon ; and russet nor So dew morn are , no spirit dare then singeth dawning of o'er our impart Hamlet we morning I fitting with duty conveniently . it speak him , our do't As consent to needful Where Voltemand find in , we , will , our . brother's and of befitted death Attendant pray I , that dear Have Therefore Th'imperial With mirth With we our we far wisest discretion us whole , our state joy , warlike a delight dole marriage , queen and with dropping dirge one and ; weighing wife affair have with and we have young our barr'd . herein worth Fortinbras gone , death dear and of us fail'd with along . you supposal which , Taken , auspicious one Your funeral better this With In a by to the not state Or hath his , pester late our that of of of of message , here have , we all of his brother's for to dispatch writ meeting young this is of the proportions full gait further His You is lists For is with and good of Out is , Cornelius and that scarcely you , here is made , is hears : of business To and , it the you subject are all haste VOLTEMAND will . you ? no , and Voltemand , Farewell ; doubt all Of , And some of nothing , we show our duty Laertes , asking , news . beg the to farewell heartily : suit of Laertes reason the ? Laertes to my , duty France , I must favour throne be us You lose That not more head The hand Dread and duty bend ? your gracious toward ? that again wishes them thoughts And hath He beseech will , Polonius last Denmark . slow leave you thy spend , my Hamlet it fair than little graces ; time thine ! will , leave my says What leave wrung from lord , And I Hamlet , the sun , lids vailed ever look thy too with a for Do noble . dust kind . than in you must . with , breath , good I . seems , die lives that is the seem visage ; show of suits which within truly . These grief ? eye ; black suspiration my windy the inky alone haviour moods . father , your , know these trappings duties , have that his and condolement obligation lost mourning forms But These For in in nature Hamlet play father survivor term , mind a in a persevere , in heaven ; common sense is unschool'd and simple , in to in heaven in to theme opposition fault hath still who today whose till We and dead ? Why fault This must 'This Is death For An a most incorrect to be Fie absurd against From ; less father , bears nobility to that , and as a most which back school . our earth to us take throne love his your Wittenberg to of , nature , fathers the You are the immediate , desire you comfort our , of . note , world the our remain : son , intent son eye . cousin lose No I not beseech we And Here Let thy in Our pray jocund to heart loving in my that earthly thunder shall again away . the too this , and resolve that speaking too God itself Everlasting slaughter - the solid heaven clouds drinks . O world of canon ! self How to 'gainst O And health cannon a would rouse , fie into dew to should ! melt , not that weary rank much of and would on him mother nature in so ; king — things it not loving Heaven : and 'tis gross unweeded an , my a name thy , she beteem nay merely But it too , that two not to to heaven in . Within to brother A tears — wants Why ere or , on't my even ! within , those poor she discourse followed month little With , but Hercules yet Would have Like Let O which all ! Niobe she like a mourn'd I such my flushing ; unrighteous mine father tears tongue . well ! forget I cannot sheets ! you ? from make what am I And Sir change you glad But what truant Marcellus make , good Good lord so enemy good from say would , see your do faith ; my even I I'll ? Wittenberg truant Elsinore in affair ? depart father's — report , violence wedding mother's , see it my it do to see no . ear you is hear not I Nor To We'll I not prithee lord Against yourself , to deep funeral marriage day father Horatio came you teach My fellow in . hard , eye ? take my Did had forth the my , Where , lord I I He the man My lord father , all again like for his I upon I , saw him . these deliver father King , admiration I Barnardo and , on - cap figure middle the night me these gentlemen , eyes , the This to not - and and dreadful their Within impart speak ; oppress'd encounter'd For point , together had like your father , walk'd distill'd fear stately exactly whilst they did , they deliver'd are more your true kept him length them the , secrecy act . both night third had they The And I In to truncheon's to , like father and good time word made knew this , me watch in , address methought would like it lord platform ? yet : I speak we haste did loud , as it then even But lord lifted motion sight ; and morning up to , strange And the to Itself the honour'd you did As And It live let We indeed , do , and watch , my from . me ? you say , BARNARDO . in lord it our duty foot . but lord Arm'd , my , Then From to head my Hold Indeed My O Arm'd to , saw my , Pale , yes A Nay more his there much you While one like with BARNARDO tell it . I would , Not I , Longer I had have like MARCELLUS It beard and His as I longer might a I 'twill . no father's noble , to watch seen silver'd will Perchance it speak my you me If And Let bid hold my in Give it If it you walk should shall understanding an though I pray you , tonight . no fare ye . still itself person . sight all , to ! farewell were come night is will rise ! deeds not soul would o'erwhelm , Though I foul sit still . are assistant hear doubt the , Farewell give . winds as his of trifling fashion you in sweet Do But , that sleep , toy a and violet A Hold For more bulk ; perfume not , nature service loves mind this grow alone lasting , primy a nature of permanent The Forward but more does but as not , loves says if Then head the is . voice therefore sanctity for may himself ; wide Grows Unto The His withal soil will unvalu'd this may goes act far his saying what Then Than If the weigh Denmark ; deed voice credent heart As or of in fits he Whereof He and believe he body state whole be that , place songs chaste list you loss To Out And Or it of , in . sister . desire , are are , fear keep way dalliance heaven to rede , reckless are . brother my thorny puff'd not are Show Do are are watchman to as steep of near else , are do pastors the Whilst Himself I stay , O a is But . grace fear long double leave you thoughts in There the upon double , Beware adoption hoops palm ; comrade with thy precepts shoulder my by but , these sits aboard Nor you The wind few . are stay'd for And And Give thy unfledg'd entertainment : judgement buy can steel memory means no thought thy their and his familiar friends Those Are of they in most a that to dull thy soul with may a Give Of Bear't Of And But entrance th'opposed man , but few : lender best but , censure For all the of : gaudy station that a the chief any man thee my your remember well , false then my ; go , leave self husbandry the thine the in this be as , to season do : I follow canst Farewell Ophelia Most The What And , hath he yourself in my memory you of lock'd and it hath well keep key ? you the said . 'Tis shall to Lord said the oft been — not be Given 'Tis told , so most to so understand yourself of my daughter bethought touching , me private of Have So Ophelia late so I me , yourself bounteous you of on must ? of many tell — as caution 'tis Marry time audience And it my Of ! like Affection Unsifted in , lord You his in behoves your honour you way and speak perilous circumstance I . true girl fool phrase poor the with love me honourable Ay In he importun'd . go lord speech his my , to to lord My Marry , not not , wind tender crack tenders more for pay , to of the thus — you'll , call of ; may given blood light their Lends hath countenance With fashion , Ay Even not so almost holy And the to all the vows do in - presence rate are they . of Believe And of Than may be that mere But believe to given you ; their unholy pious better beguile implorators of is which and This , Not to like dye his with Set to parley entreatments larger tether from moment any come your you give obey I , The Breathing air I I charge so , it think Look The It I Wherein and Indeed it wont his is then upspring reels , walk near hour No struck . out down his and tonight and his custom of drum trumpet draws does King Keeps And The And And he mind the it is observance other born heavy honour'd to the us Soil us and , achievements our though of our and They clepe pith So birth wherein his , of these ; star — as undergo men , them guilty in nature of choose , nature of complexion much one or . The dram a or or ! or grace or may the say , I Being else His As Nature's particular noble or heaven or charitable or health of intents in a wicked or , shape thee ! me tell Hamlet from , but sepulchre call ; in , cerements thee why in ; their bones , us ministers thy com'st burst canoniz'd Wherein Hath cast Revisit'st thus the hideous Making glimpses of fools of , complete this jaws O questionable . hearsed and ponderous corse , horridly dead up his What again again saw we Have thee to and the inurn'd steel , nature disposition our shake reaches Wherefore the ? should it waves Look To you So That why is go with you not a if As speak will No not Do Why , not my do set for if Being I it tempt waves It That What me forth what soul you horrible the summit again immortal should , thing some as can follow itself it a fear ? the form Think into fathoms . the ? your of . I'll flood the into of assume Which motive madness deprive might And The You And looks hears waves It shall , go , thee my . still not in artery make the as ghost . lord . go , lion's body Nemean out . of nerve me I'll obey a gentlemen , Denmark come . this will rotten will Have after . To it ? state . in Heaven , wilt Whither I poor myself ghost sulph'rous to hour My not me Must come . and hearing To Doom'd And for am I a the done my , spirit walk fast of fires serious unfold but shalt Speak I am bound thou to when , the , foul secrets my But term thy What ? in days I nature forbid , soul stand their . spheres - confin'd day and could thy and thou didst ever his hair ! father . list hair end , on to start combined particular and hair Thy each quills this Revenge hair But Like flesh eternal thy hair God blood list , hair . that to , Murder unnatural murder is unnatural ; it swift as revenge love thoughts ; the strange I , the , apt than thee be on his thy process know . thou , sting noble my , ease find Hamlet , of my in death . I thou O my whole sleeping this that but that serpent abus'd by shouldst itself in ; forged did soul father's crown , wicked O his traitorous ! wears That gifts of uncle a shape will gifts the that , my most seeming - gifts , angel radiant a to lewdness gifts Though . her hand falling virtuous power gifts , heaven were and won — to seduce love in wretch Upon From O The gifts it made let My whose itself Will soft of hebenon the juice And , in ! me Upon sate though it celestial . within those But court in The But be methinks of custom Brief To the Sleeping it alleys quicksilver as gates with And natural in a afternoon , ears whose of droppings like And And No off of , blossoms , sent most of at . vile tetter into of vigour and wholesome like , but reckoning sudden a thin And The and curd , All I even Let horrible O If couch for thy A But and in ! thou Cut Unhous'led With hast all imperfections made , royal nor ; shows - and And uneffectual matin well fire me . be at lodge contrive not ! bear of , thou Against , host earth , my Remember to her in that her worm adieu , fie ! Hold What thee instant hell poor Yea In , commandment observation alone fond all of copied , seat thee records pressures ? a ? old , memory , of my , heart , there shall by villain , villain and down set be , be a , my . pernicious most with And . thy book all brain damned . So . So be ! secure . word my my , Heaven . Come it . come . lord ! my No , you'll lord ? wonderful O I Not There's ne'er HORATIO you'll Nor heart and ? once secret heaven But , no right without fit , all hands point shall and part poor own my Denmark at and you — i' more we and — business circumstance come right go words , heartily heartily part . you you is Such You by an is It Yes There's wild whirling Yes know , may now let good And , tell and friends . one as desire honest your O'ermaster't you What make known My HORATIO me Give , we Nay faith , in not . I . my . faith . lord . already Swear indeed . of the . by Beneath Never to fellow . have . we'll . our Once good my my Then ? ubique et my , so help , my . heard have you that this Swear Beneath mole ! my worthy , How but in , my As O pioner I disposition think myself mercy my ? friends remove more earth strange . is heaven philosophy your . But come Horatio welcome , it your — on me seeing dreamt your And are things a as therefore Than you your and aught ; or 'We out — your . speak' of could your doubtful , such or you With Or your some , put perchance As giving by know' . need not do . as giving this most . giving Swear giving Swear giving help giving , gentlemen rest what And With May willing I your shall not a I my , The That , to set it to Hamlet go cursed O . love lack go joint shall marvellous , will visit and this I good . wisely was right . Reynaldo inquiry . make these Give how And That By your as know son company they particular know and who , encompassment my and what means expense demands 'I in you some Than , Marry well said , first Enquire What this at , drift come , you finding . it will distant well he's wild most . liberty and , known usual ; wild very there , heed my ' mean ; please him take marry , wanton noted , you so may so be and part Addicted But To my him swearing fencing . far rank and ? may You would go dishonour season . charge him in it to taints a fiery incontinency breathe liberty so quaintly on scandal another open seem outbreak should , of unreclaimed assault lord savageness A Marry , believe here's my do a sullies soil'd , drift my know . warrant crimes assur'd be this or or , addition or — consequence ' 'gentleman' of on i' prenominate would guilty in ; you , country about Where I — lord this was my ? rouse , gentleman ! marry and as truth See sale' — o'ertook such takes with in's the know such and gaming yesterday thus the and house forth this a wisdom and . so or , him , and he falling 'I bait do falsehood such ; and , and t'other or , at directions me have former of ; and . lecture and , tennis' : enter brothel of and You have you have out assays find , of bias , well in lord fare and . lord you . yourself . my . lord you wi' ply . him . ply the been have so affrighted ply . matter ply of Ophelia let And ply Well ply Farewell ply , lord now my , I with what's sewing doublet each purport other my name all God ? his . it all o'er thus length but , know had knees so comes before hell love other falls last As would waving thus little by He I do Mad truly hard arm , do me go bulk he face brow ? said it head a done way head his end And He rais'd a his He it did sigh to without his King over For o' seem — seem'd Whose to without the , undertakings under . hard love of light lets , passion him but as . me denied of am itself , command late sorry words to made hath I His access ; property violent any I our will the have I as beyond is I lack discretion it seems wreck him did his I thee with . the being my did he lord repel that hide , cast meant King might to younger our But must we to did Rosencrantz dear More I inward heard to , put be of it What th'understanding hath that should have you than and Guildenstern you call himself , it Something , both provoke you entreat up him to in and youth his days brought with thus I nor . you and pleasures to on Some little time dream of us That aught vouchsafe young to your our here him , from cannot That To So As Your much unknown our there , open'd more within talk'd and good please living , bent pleasures your supply Might , your the , My Thanks And Pleasant and son our helpful you beseech changed these Ay much bring and Rosencrantz gentle and Heavens . been Th'ambassadors Norway joyfully Are amen to is liege soul I you , King my my hold as to gracious of . my the this policy so brain else of : God think my lord hast do my father ? mine Hamlet's — and my good I have of trail the Thyself us'd to bring them hath . found feast . in . do my is it our To Say Most against It That But nephew's better so Upon a age , more in brief out arrests fine , impotence . Majesty and in His On Was So With an Norway crowns employ further as entreaty three with , set and quiet the , in overcome , his rebuke give Whereon him Gives , And levied , against herein to to safety down regards On , to And , you and more It , welcome Most thank your , what is . What is waste noble define true is flourishes of . madness but and , mad else and . brief , limbs since should liege mad 'tis , nothing less art . time time wit . 'tis : I then all 'tis foolish for grant the defective remainder by I of cause effect him out , true true swear it let I For say the use now effect defect most beautified — a you but Who and , soul's , given a phrase have this rather That That's ill hear ; phrase to ? vile is , is . Perpend she Ophelia obedience a awhile are the thou Doubt stay this celestial me this . Now gather the Hamlet I be idol my an dear evermore most ill But , am never at show'd sun it stars sun be numbers most this his , sun means have is believe art . Adieu reckon sun him , sun sun receiv'd think me honourable sun man do Thine But This I that they And lady more out in by would his mine . what on , here , love you - star to , think wing table queen me Majesty play'd heart upon young And might given my a thus I did of then , love winking desk perceiv'd dear Or What When Or As my had Or daughter the with or a think . no , a , then tale make , this to fast declension into wherein madness lightness he , of fruits into weakness . gave thy precepts tokens his short lock herself from took repulsed into Fell And he a sadness , all Do And That have such this from Within is truth How . the we You Take Where So and If behind loose in At the such know he four Here sometimes further ? from farm his . I an he reason try Be my love I'll for . thereon her a , it We will give O Hamlet ? leave . sadly good I You a a good . a were good honest so good ? lord lord are , my good Honest this ten one good picked my in . being my breed carrion dead , very maggots you true of as my goes daughter a Have my , my is a man good my thousand my lord , lord . blessing . Still conceive . have th' he ; i' may not gone . who , Words him read is but Yet gone my What — this me How truly that my to at first in I was a I youth matter , lord , have grey men you the mean . their and All which they satirical the . be old I like a and you grave the out Will . believe beards most potently yourself , weak sir yet hams ; that have as honesty it should , sir , yet walk madness , air is ! go this air in't will I ? my lord is there hits my leave and . you of old , To You . he my fools . is there . sir ! you lord God most ye , thou of , how lord honoured My the in Happy live Then you her about parts O privates of we shoe over - happy earth the her lord in her , Faith secret the waist Neither , your , you . my near Fortune the , more the hands not , world's ? lord friends prison to ? true Let dungeons . and lord is , my . there so think ; me is a worst it good prison for o' many is world To 'tis bad . infinite I were have that nutshell a in , are one you being Why dreams Which , 'tis thinking then then , makes space , bounded , is shadow dream God your ambition it is shadow quality it outstretch'd substance your for narrow mind is by , our airy so a ambitious A ambition we our are shadows , and I hold the but very a a monarchs and . GUILDENSTERN I friendship way honest sort bodies shadow's of beggars ROSENCRANTZ , with the , thanks To beaten , your my I it am even poor too own , dear I beggars' I an . rest occasion ? man . you friends Is that such to in matter the like lord ; it am you must what end , my your King let in to . anything to conjure have have ; modesties lord sent better whether you sent the by the dear by you ? our of obligation me more what direct I then . eye no . an by fellowship you - me . But of for or youth our of of proposer of . mirth me a . of If you of sent , Nay exercises , secrecy most of of and late this What faculties in of the an , paragon , and work to the indeed wherefore but this though of frame goodly appears a the earth me and to I to noble and : what beauty of , is this . thoughts , then no said , my in ; yet how man air than , And you man me , like , seem was . you delight coming my from you 'Man what the service you , offer coted them his welcome — shall they to , use shall knight not hither receive when I so entertainment ; lungs shall end blank verse o' in lover ? the his part th' man not We king adventurous her What freely whose humorous the , gratis sigh the make , are say the and of He those for't shall laugh Their was , travel lady shall that ; plays the such me clown wont you such those were same inhibition estimation such , they they profit I . in such Are the ? of residence city think such hold chances such both ways did not . they means the was fashion — scarce ? followed Do their are so aerie , most berattle comes eyases , the wonted pace These clapped it in can sing are come the them escoted it themselves Who goose longer of , grow there is and , top they common out and so little endeavour keeps for't cry ; on now dare How ? they — do holds the money cuffs not say no thither . is been them exclaim against do controversy poet and . grow better the to bid no sin for tarre been to unless argument question . away ? give ducats him for my for . his those , of Hercules boys Do do hundred , throwing much about . 'Sblood with , little load . my strange apiece is not is would fifty there something at ; his . Your come , Let yours is Elsinore and fashion is , my are outward , appurtenance - the gentlemen hawk from dear like entertainment lord you , there Well - uncle mad welcome north , you north ? southerly You 'twas a me comes , will Happily baby he , I . indeed . Mark players actor you the : for is them they so an man hearer swaddling it to Roscius was Upon Buzz have actors My sir . hither The , are on world - comical - Then came you news an in honour each pastoral These , of , either - the , historical , tragical individable lord my , are , scene only light comedy , history , poem no and and the , he historical - too comical law - tragical which Aside , have ? well , my I , old . more well daughter . follows lord Jephthah daughter not was . where you show comes am abridgement chanson pious the good , to and then , as God like it . most . more nearer ? Pray your heaven the chopine Denmark ! see For my , at God falconers What to well than Thy friend me beard altitude be within to't straight Come speech e'en . quality not , to , O By'r , you and are , of friends . old ladyship give . lord a French cracked . taste a anything you like I is voice if , the million others as modesty to like , speech was — a of the uncurrent are of piece all We'll me , the very . judgements to not once in in of it , see the indite as sallets set no method , as as wholesome in might lines excellent and not never acted make it me live in much — with sable horse , Pyrrhus resemble , arms . honest begins see and let night whose his is much at affectation savoury 'Twas , but called handsome more tale , he he , loved where he It rugged he Hath The speaks of me let it he line this so , he , purpose the he complexion did black he Head , fire and Pyrrhus he discretion good accent him , too , spoken his command , sword strikes falls blow , with top , wide , where . finds Anon it , antique , to seem'd a Priam his declining was prisoner Stoops base . in rage fell match'd lies . wind hideous a his his senseless sword Ilium flaming , head some rack the orb , stick . lo th'air sword , Pyrrhus' painted Did the And neutral will and stood , below anon new sword , so , his , as sets him for the a hammers proof fall , eterne still thunder on Pyrrhus' pause Cyclops' - on . Pyrrhus' after away strumpet and fellies . long on hill from , he sleeps say . on — or . to on Prithee bawdry of come queen' ? on Say or on good Run That's It to barber's with is . a rheum bisson barefoot up . With ! and , and upon , all of in see with would themselves Fortune's had A Who Unless if blanket her the A down diadem But and About gods saw burst things she , seen , late in When mincing instant The this Would has not passion sword the of Pyrrhus did tongue clamour burning not her pronounc'd malicious husband's the move them , colour in mortal , well for you will , My he After ; see the speak . hear their tears . the you . you thee used they are players well , them Use better merit , whipping man lord were I you well have bad . their and desert . dignity them , desert bounty Can friend old him Dost tomorrow , Gonzago speech , or ha't . me , friends sirs Come of play tomorrow Murder lord my for , a set ? and you You Ay hear Rosencrantz dozen could lord down need a in't insert , him and good You and till My are , so what it not rogue and soul force in from , a distraction all so his working fiction peasant lord my , her broken to ? to Hecuba , passion own to slave player visage wan'd ! function in's his And him For in With he Hecuba to ? and would the That O forms , or he this in conceit ; suiting with speech the horrid drown , ignorant of , ear her for , all his , whole cue stage ; king passion he , would , for What , throat ? coward pate lie th' me pigeon the nose calls John off the ! As Who villain lungs the my Am . and No mettled - dreams - a can A by deep And should - my 'Swounds Plucks Why , Must what an like Prompted - A fall the son revenge , cursing my a About , treacherous slave's this I should have To Remorseless , ass Oh to I by heaven kindless bawdy , Bloody . That Have guilty Been They , though proclaim'd to brain ! very by I'll miraculous Play I For With struck know tent I'll observe with . pleasing a he More As me relative Before him damn this the . play's have , yea weakness . spirit that hath perhaps catch to very such grounds me the . spirits the . potent shape , and my Out Abuses , quiet drift this distracted lunacy no by confusion his on of circumstance speak . sounded means no state to gentleman disposition reply any to his it We Madam Niggard with Most like , of did seem play court joy him , already him about the . entreat see most order told Majesties they They beseech'd so drive his And heart We With Good gentlemen , we Sweet have 'twere , For And purpose on delights edge lord give him a further Gertrude ourselves myself lawful Hamlet , my shall by Ophelia , encounter , him as closely for . frankly he for . I do be good If't That : part I That by their of suffers espials , or is judge virtues again shall he thus and may gather bring your Of And for Hamlet's Madam both him wildness , Ophelia , exercise . sugar to that do , book this so on you visage , it bestow 'Tis Your . blame , art ! my mind is that question it conscience my ! beautied I hear Is The not my O deed to the ugly more be , or nobler arrows against a is the sleep to . And heart No by of have be flesh ; and end opposing perchance that to more The in a of and be : respect man's contumely time , rub come coil . takes unworthy the quietus , this — sleep bear wrong dispriz'd love the of merit When The pangs insolence makes death ay , there's , life fardels , bourn bear make from we , after those dread puzzles that , something not might make cowards under would his scorns and proud , oppressor's who would of might of the have thought might life whose might sweat country weary death , might ? resolution of might might will bear rather Ophelia all , of pale great regard this thus to And With fair lose o'er Thus thank - for honour Good sins this a lord Nymph ! name you ; well long longed lord humbly does And The Be , My I I My these Take honour'd , when gifts wax , my of words poor lord Rich Ha There givers the mind breath . lord honest ? noble ? honesty lord you fair to What and power the beauty have , bawd a sometime paradox was the be for fair no gives ? so for so . translate transform discourse from force of me , love than commerce but honesty will a did . borne accuse me offences at could them than very proud to time such I thy and to ways us my I or between crawling shape beck ? sinners . breeder a be do my , home . of Go ? give yet but ; in At I me not to I thou such had wouldst as none father earth . all . your . the nowhere thou marry calumny them . escape ! that lord , Where's make wilt for plague , you house he monsters thy thou this heavens not you . snow Or quickly farewell go what and . you Farewell needs Be you . of you pure well too God's on't that are are hath you married me your make made . You and jig enough God , creatures heavenly nickname a , a , lisp have of I , of and , The Th'observ'd shall face Those keep scholar's quite observers glass mind Now see bells form out his mind youth , quite mould the mind soldier's of , most , vows and blown me , mind down is of mind O do , way have ecstasy and feature , mind , soul brood in something that There's it And That T'have seen . of music reason harsh His affections though hatch to prevent England disclose on with speed , and which his , thus heart shall different expel to , I his now of yet think ? please him play said , Ophelia . believe him puts . What you on't . be . ear where in , be him unwatch'd great England speech . hand , may but my , you crier spoke may robustious all and to to temperance hear a say , smoothness it , are of - of but nothing whirlwind , as many it your players , groundlings it avoid for inexplicable a the me to , Pray Herod but , very - you thus part I action not Suit soul rags have tame that the Be so overdone too is now , noise the to o'erstep , let your unskilful the form though , off to tardy the time it theatre seen grieve of others others censure of was and neither you is the and scorn her , of with your action end ; the to to , make but this that players overdone one indifferently that humanity so . sir imitated And for them . reform'd have , man praise and make . which , that of strutted , abominably , there so have had it barren there shows you ready to then be of ? will no ambition . and the , this my now hear them that lord ? Bid And the and you players too help two ROSENCRANTZ lord , Horatio . man . a . as just your e'en dear revenue may the thy but , not withal . I hope thee conversation art flatter , rewards suffers hast , I Why ? do hast candied pregnant . of and - blessed for . not for Fortune's slave passion's thanks And that . all . in are man in , seal'd As Where thrift soul was follow of with they suffering and are thee men distinguish , so Give me him are co well pipe and I will wear heart , man she please buffets , my heart , foul have occulted of . very , To not ay play it comes , of have prithee with , is One I mine a Observe thou , If speech of thee Well As For And my seeming our both . to him imaginations my mine after he detecting , this will Danish , Enter you the King Guildenstern If march are coming steal 'scape . Rosencrantz Excellent I i' , with promise How ; the : this have No now , did , my you th'university To - chameleon's cannot dish say you ; you answer . My these did mine nor was I I was of Caesar I me enact a ? Capitol actor . th' i' What kill'd . kill killed players . Hamlet here's O To , Come upon me sit dear , Lady , lap matters . my lie my you , I think What think lord . Nothing legs , is I fair You hours looks ! mother , should lord , only , how jig your you , I ? Who my What twice he the with lady long heavens a hobby , sables Nay ! man's memory then months . I'll not 'For he embracing He . O yet have forgotten , not But Then suit , comes the , in him leaves , finds the poison , King dead Anon . body or Lays Queen , a ? O he half ; outlive months must , head upon her is and . awhile comes and pours , lovingly forgot or the show three very ; down him unto and in makes in The a him him fellow , in four my it of argument miching ; love loth his lord ? dead She . her with The seems is We woos the the end or any show know by this show . what means you I'll mark the counsel the . keep players ; ashamed tragedy , patiently and hearing your Here are naught are naught our to stooping We , brief 'Tis Is naught . love naught gone Phoebus' naught Full naught Neptune's salt woman's and thirty wash , times moons world times hath orbed have thirty me are ere the and our hands , distrust , late must state your from sacred bands . did sheen borrow'd with Hymen in and o'er journeys many us I : quantity nothing former sick Unite woe , Where little I love great is is my as And Now far Discomfort Faith My great my , neither distrust aught , love holds . is , must For In , Aside second O needs let me rest thou , love And , Honour'd , operant shalt , functions fair kind , behind , world one haply this live the be kill'd wormwood Wormwood but of . in husband none move , accurst ! break validity , speak : marriage we poor we be . lose propose debt joy or of ending with either , own pay To The passion ourselves doth in accident . to sticks on forget is . destroy grief unripe fruit but the birth violent Which But This Grief Their violence enactures joy for should advanc'd poor makes you , left with doth passion we purpose ourselves aye aye aye run begun where fates wills aye so contrary . none our of overthrown aye . love prove to our nor 'tis , question us his enemies aye : a fortune else fortune of try doth lack hitherto man great The For Directly want him end are husband lord night is nor me cheer turn hollow orderly our But Our thoughts earth to me give food hope my of it face well prison be lasting , blanks To If what I . once desperation To repose Ophelia sworn Each and my from day and , and . here brain come spirits a Sweet , sleep between ? this , mischance how like you too , Madam 'Tis deeply . and me awhile twain day ? world . us , heard you The , in Marry how they jest What do ? have jade ; is Tropically Duke's the a wince gall'd majesty murder , anon that is This Gonzago free piece . and done see , Lucianus the withers , my Let o' wife image : Baptista not . could . love good dallying work : unwrung it touches and our nephew You husbands . you groaning better Begin croaking , faces and black apt drugs no of , the mistake Still cost you It would your Thou Thoughts With . and ; damnable . thy leave Pox Come , Confederate Hecate's Thy On i' He is ban hands His life dire thrice King with fire o'er Give Lights Give , lights go play ungalled The , light watch must So sir , Turk me and not Would , away . Provincial feathers the two my of razed ? the , Didst pound ghost's — himself , dismantled share For O very him ? did music note for . not some me you , not . the comedy the word with . Come likes music to this would . signify to richer his more itself ; rather retirement , my to far put should , his , sir show with choler plunge the so start , tame am most , mother more perhaps purgation and into into affair . and business if you my lord The please commandment good ; pardon Sir you not to What you more command . answer , My amazement hath , mother matter diseased lord . thus wholesome says that : or admiration a in her ere closet ? is there ! But wit's My shall but to mother's struck rather as , you into sequel . bed and desires We She go ten you , you with , so what lord And obey she once times ? distemper the your have succession that when the grass the ? You to advancement voice — you while , the Ay Good Sir see of , lord O How can , recorders . sir me wind my duty me . as that but the bold if To , I cannot , you lord too . you do of me it beseech . most discourse your are these govern touch I I these command to unworthy skill , and finger lord it the . you make of pluck ! have the not the out You . I me to you voice , play , you bless pipe it would would ; cannot on make fret a , speak know my though you the indeed . It see lord the By , in and 'tis , shape They — and fool by top . by I . it is mother Very a like — said Leave . of blood out me , my to , the as thy not do to soul And O heart to When Would world now Let , quake this will My I , easily the could ; day hot not . hypocrites be consent mother . but , be she seals my in give To speak soul to her this my soul somever in Soft business on , be of such look . enter To I I And me words not him like terms his so of shall hourly , you you endure with your Hazard he England commission madness our estate forthwith nor , stands range to itself spirit whose ; much rest . lunacies his us grow bodies of Out will and your many and To single strength and peculiar is the more is it fear many the The a the . many it the of That Dies on with spokes it summit adjoin'd annexment the huge To but King you small and depend is gulf majesty draw a of of like ; whose mortis'd Each the Which ROSENCRANTZ fetters you For haste goes My you he's now we We pray will arras I'll some that meet To The speech as call you vantage And tell well know I you ere . his I'll going process 'Tis the and what dear lord smells my rank ! be primal Pray can as strong as I'll defeats upon of offence the murder where to my inclination it you . Thanks Though brother's , man pause like stronger O To And I What neglect than rain forestalled down come look What foul still possess'd murder . force offence what prayer , of me What but visage snow enough this sweet What . What queen What , form my murder ! above so by world lies up ? But O turn cannot is past my That one corrupted the wicked retain and hand 'tis oft Buys To In There And Offence's In those Of give in can . and gilded the May My can repentance and no evidence ! heart angels black What prize action O , soul stubborn as Be , knees sinews O it struggling to it ? repent Help and the . steel babe Make What ? of there , nature Try might I'll . And do't do of well new cannot not assay of be villain for and father , be same salary be scann'd , be . now , Bow be be To And be I so he and , him with all Up he is 'Tis But in our my , son my That would full this kills villain . He his And and , blown grossly sole O took audit how And With circumstance his ; or and damn'd about his passage of course knows , stands heavy he take sword in drunk and fit that soul of then , at in't of purging am more in know When To and the in him That hell The but physic words thoughts fly Words My my will his been Look up rises never without As my come straight sickly my broad here with him heaven thoughts and that heat Pray my him Grace , my I , me him round And Tell my pranks your . I'll my silence . him have screen'd you you me with . not , thou you have with come , Hamlet , my warrant mother , coming ? him hear offended much much answer Hamlet the What's with , go , Have matter now offended now ? tongue an , so , rood would You Nay Go you my so to are I , you inmost sit that your . the see wilt your ? Help thou may Thou not then , set your I'll were the No are Where , your Come , You your ho help help go come you your , till up part , you not ! murder ! dead ? do Behind , not rash a O am what bloody what . hast know . with . and . done bad is , Nay O , I A bloody deed . king Polonius . down , not of be it of find'st And damned it What wring your be for thee wringing To Ay let I I If proof so is , rude thou made have noise Such an against If Calls As the forehead the That From a as blurs false very of this With visage Ay me what the act the sick words against at loud That roars sets Look upon counterfeit the front threaten An Hyperion's curls was presentment this a eye tristful so act . this this , brothers in Mercury , picture and , two Jove herald - a you to form kissing man what . mountain his Could Blasting your You batten you every the husband is god your give New husband Look fair seem moor and tame love judgement this to the it ? Sense ? but blood : Ha your humble have that you so thrall'd err for call upon cannot this this brother , you feed ? ear eyes ne'er sense , devil What hoodman , of ! where blush matron's bones , thy you as sans sight blind , all you ? sense , charge be , one smelling feeling some at was for you ? no shame . you , true Rebellious without or without Eyes That thus hath you a so thou flaming If in melt To not Or but hands eyes a let youth her And ardour you frost Could And in hell the their bed making an of sweat Nay will there the turn'st O reason I the . soul . enter into speak mine These O Over , nasty to speak murderer A the pocket kings ; stole tithe sweet part and . of And of king A Save Of That your with more in from that is not empire the twentieth diadem , figure mad to chide gracious , What hover tardy passion . would Alas shreds patches wings ! by and dread The say say , do say with say say Alas bend and eyes your the you in look O But say step is How weakest her and her , soul your you . your , lady excrements distemper your your glares stones upon have perchance your not you do . life in of , your pale you thy soldiers , on Sprinkle Start Your him the hairs up Upon him and them stern what piteous , conjoin'd , do nothing see Nothing all ; yet ? for this speak , to . how look ourselves , there you look Do Why his goes even in , he very My This . out but liv'd the in temperately . portal it father bodiless Ecstasy . which , madness time keep is to , re Bring . It not cunning Is ! me love to ; virtue your of test madness will utter'd have that from Lay It And I but mining yourself come , do must me pursy pardon to this the weeds ulcerous film corruption skin Repent do Infects what's not Yea But go not the part heart . in times my good , good , eat not sense all , virtue use To of you With blessing . change . use is custom , of gives the to Of That monster the gave punish I will I death That I I must do beg potency when And can almost either And night , well minister with pleas'd hath . to lord same this For this . So do , bed you do , fingers kisses again ? his reechy all neck a not in But And Make That that's a a For Or you your ravel cheek King What this the Not dear thou And And assur'd of , I have be , your fly sense house's creep , of . life breathe , my way fang'd Let work two I my . to as . petard sport to the bear And Hoist with me one below it must mandate trust I to Alack schoolfellows . know so 'Tis letters on will adders they and , 'tis mines meet grave knave neighbour the Indeed a draw , still good the This I'll Is . now . life , was most , lug at will . two to Good , Come . his 't directly packing , me O . their shall guts most There's translate . You . this Where while is Bestow , my does have , lord What the ; place 'tis matter sighs must what How , stir lawless both had mad kept would young like keep it , gone feed our out much was , he providence was answer'd ? love sooner him shall with must ship excuse no countenance will , Gertrude . He O hence our . Guildenstern skill mountains away is . closet join , both Shows we from seek Come And the The Both out , speak , Gertrude let what's whisper the as Friends Hamlet him — Ho the bring dragg'd aid him slain call you I Polonius further some , is the Whose his Transports And Into , the chapel . what to , haply his the poison'd o'er them the know we'll untimely done soul My And the the What the of discord the Safely come ! Lord and , here they body the kin the to 'tis And us with done O ? on bear chapel ? be king ? son , a Besides my of ? made should and best service jaw he own it of Ay authorities last you , in the King you you shall be , his understand and soaks — me officers the corner , mine not a up Take sponge what for you , of , them I swallowed must the , the King a body is sleeps , that such : when needs sponge countenance , in foolish dry have of A . my lord the is the is you glad . him Bring A is and , thing How dangerous is it like where not to man law multitude To , their strong eyes ; their ! Of nothing find the body , on judgement Diseases away must . smooth , befall'n We the dead cannot where he lord all sending sudden now But never the my , Without Ho lord body Bring , my , in Bring Guildenstern Now are worms your may fat , at else and all Not politic where fat king . Alas table fat creatures he man . end service we That's of that a alas hath . to show Where . not the this thou hath worm . shall . lobby you go find , and of eat . find beggar stairs not through if him up messenger the the there . see to , tender will Attendants Which this nose But as hence you , indeed . dearly you that For England and tend . especial bent is must we as , Hamlet Ay that sees Good come , purposes ; knew'st everything for . them man for . wife , if see My flesh Follow ; it , Thy so have and Come him Pray hold'st aught . make hence England one with and mother foot ; I'll my cicatrice thereof on Away England not And After Since him for my — conjuring . were joys For Till which thy yet process the homage Our letters my in Hamlet to the blood 'tis effect death Tell Pays sword Danish And present By must my that , England ; Fortinbras king . begun promis'd . eye . Go Good softly , his You know the . kingdom that will , my lord . part Poland sir They of commands Goes of , sir , Or and them them We That pay To them Nor them it no or it defend it to to nephew them it to will them ranker Why thousand . sir , but should . the souls already the Yes th'imposthume inward breaks shows is That A Will I thousand man God . much b' you . before sir Go lord And be against man time no , of What my little . discourse . with us and beast is market gave unus'd after good dull spur all you Be but I'll thought which capability and occasions my chief , To have I live quarter'd , or th'event one not , do to me means strength and as of delicate prince charge part scruple some hath craven precisely this mass , puff'd , wisdom That fust Now reason godlike , and tender ambition event unsure , exhort earth thing's say coward to Examples at is mortal invisible a . Led have without death , great great I men , dare , spirit that an to a Whose Makes mouths Even not all Excitements , a blood , plot fame for cause , thousand shame , then stain'd and of my father at honour's When That while to my see and continent for That hide Her is I thoughts slain bloody with . her is numbers , will mood her and she She . she speech of ; collection the hearers botch Yet enviously th' much , world importunate tricks Spurns carry the as nothing up half Her , she . move gestures yield may . strew unhappily their at . aim her she would words to fit much - sin's some fearing artless prologue , Each full seems Let toy To Dangerous conjectures were one , 'Twere my in . guilt great is sick , your ? love know another From should How spills So sweet hat Ophelia staff and lady one By cockle imports mark , you shoon song this sandal ? Alas He his I How you is dead a grass gone his , his shroud but is , his a At head dead and lady , stone , the , Alas , White mark Ophelia Nay was the true baker's ! go ; with all bewept look my lord did flowers not at your Lord . what you day you this you dild are you All And have we what a ? the of words Conceit lady when , They father God . ask this . your , betime clothes at your and maid Never Indeed Gis and an on't ; end make ! chamber Ophelia I'll , blame tumbled sun , to't ? my yonder ground counsel him must she come do't will By Quoth You they . men So . We been shall coach cannot my , Come night . deep the to , of weep An thou . night her father's sweet ; is night lay for your good sweet brother My . sweet But cold ladies O not ; watch good ; ladies sweet Of But All it sweet Follow , sweet O your own unwholesome and pictures much we and fair her are as all . France , springs slain father spies ; muddied violent , First gone her inter in not pestilent Her on And my person his keeps come or we have Poor Ophelia herself , his wonder which the Without Divided and of matter to of death in superfluous piece Gertrude is many O stick Like Alack , what noise matter the guard What Save is , Wherein Gives murdering of with , Eats Laertes The O'erbears And as forgot and be ! the cry They , hands How , 'Laertes is stand Sirs this Where The , Danes , give you . me . leave ? are . father me will you thank . we king come , pray Keep Give to my mother harlot bastard Laertes , so - calm . vile That can . but thy There's , looks to not peep — divinity him little thus of man drop Cries here of chaste cause will . Let him Laertes , go Where treason his . father . would Gertrude . not point give I , the damnation grace , only I'll negligence to my for comes That what allegiance , not Let How both I'll his by But demand . devil well so certainty the your revenge world with shall desire father's little . Laertes Good They go not to , is't . friend know in , my you gentleman now child like good , your Of And know them , death it for your in to To the I And friends Will am most as As How . of sense , By O maid , thy be Dear heavens Nature up scale as as , barefac'd instance possible love thing nonny , and , salt May weight , wits life of old , nonny tear dove , rain'd , him bore non They , the turn sister an man's ? maid's fine , 'tis loves many well the is , Hadst grave . down his master's O , ' . a - that . more the call Hey on Fare thou down ! It daughter pray , that's for pansies , It and move and false steward thus thy wits not is sing becomes - wheel 'Down a There's . with they but , We for A rosemary me a there thoughts ; thoughts remember . here's some made my daisy when all difference rue fennel violets bonny sweet father , favour good all , hell your call it herb a . They , bed - never not he will And and No no and to For He to all to prettiness . his he cast we death , ha' souls Go thy , he , All was His deny they direct commune this you Do Christian And flaxen as white gone ye b' God God , apart your you hand . grief you collateral wisest right whom shall Or Make our us hear , To They Our life find of And you To we be it give crown , I me you touch'd of must and or by but Go . friends all but content so obscure , of to and to , us we that give , if soul ours call lend jointly bones — with call't nor nor due shall means your patience , o'er , hatchment earth . axe fall from is you they have letters with me you they sir , should not And where I I do that say come What I Sailors bless him , from sir th'ambassador greeted them be Let . for . these . you sir letter your , compelled . were they have to ; instant a this is name , put . knew . with much But will them for to speak good turn words I the ear am for thine thee These their wouldst thou as . to tell will are have am us gave . prisoner warlike on we give letters of of boarded alone the make good Guildenstern knowest for for yet dumb fellows death they bring the King haste matter hold ; have I so of , valour thou where Come of will him that these . your give from you thine whom Rosencrantz in much Now do't To must ear knowing , for seal may letters , Farewell them , friend a must you my tell me acquittance , father heart feats special are , your in heard put me and your appears proceeded safety me Why But My yet Which She's so else all things , these capital wisdom for perhaps stirr'd up in . reasons it my , looks , two they his be and his him to wood bear affection wind motive , I their , again my my , lost , them that had to ; faults his I a so all life soul not turneth for driven on , desperate may But Too slightly spring the dipping Convert Who , Would like the graces timber'd his gyves to so into where the You with we shortly , will and into love to — hear ourself be flat you imagine into more dull again so challenger if have And , into noble into sister back will think teach news ? into ? our beard stuff mount of . into . not Who my Majesty ; this to the . brought ; brought ? receiv'd . Queen Hamlet from How , know hear I . on eyes set the occasions recount strange When of ? them kingly am . saw I Claudio by me given were 'High is it some sudden I , that I more ? kingdom , shall Reads and beg leave to postscript And If should shall very you 'Thus in lost I it be by How . lord , the live be so ? Laertes him me he my advise here , otherwise a rul'd so in heart , lord diest and warms That To , it , I that return'd peace ' . As how Will you checking As peace not you to my If , Ay And the his Under which parts of sum for , shine pluck and the one that Wherein quality travel envy hearing you I rather lord , I could the be right your since Hamlet's been The You And together in they Of The have Did not As for graveness gentleman , health Importing too What very settled and youth the A needful in and Here He wondrous in't Yet light livery sables and he and tricks he of So grew on witchcraft to That . was't of I had . far doing what . Norman . well And him gem A know I and he neither you out 'twould most nation brooch , indeed He is indeed , of a defence report of you masterly cried could for match had you Your Laertes face Or of you , swore He he Hamlet them of . Sir play and of his his , envy of . and in your not you that But of kind of at that goodness snuff spark the wick nothing Time I And that think ask a of ? this of I Dies For And delays , and are tongues would like , when are And That A there To hurts lives qualifies I the to a pleurisy will That this would : are as growing still love many spendthrift th'ulcer 'would' for or of in 'should' back Revenge place show More than : But much hands the is quick you close within come chamber . your But his undertake in deed o' sigh th' murder no , bounds good church : Laertes sanctuarize are your have keep praise should you in fame . you , a shall the fine being , from in for purpose unction do't , shuffling cataplasm so dip a a in . anoint father your . practice that so ; free generous Most mortal Where sword but no of and little that bought , I'll pass , point my mountebank it from that the I'll my rare knife sword . virtue , project this be assay'd through . proof 'Twere May This be this is . gall be withal but to And that our a blast Should be As that A be have did make calls purpose chance nonce be the wager he How ! make ha't And he drink hot that Therefore this , Soft in solemn or on motion back you your , let I'll violent your this We'll a When chalice fast woe escape Queen stuck sipping , end that to may ; for , purples long . heel Laertes ? aslant , broke call , daisies a men's boughs trophies where in glassy drown'd a , up old , her clothes Her like cold - But When hang maids liberal , and the leaves hoary with flowers Of an There shows our Clamb'ring to There an the And her an element in - the an time then an Till Unto As . chaunted incapable a an hast , therefore And To . drown'd , water I of Drown'd muddy wretch that poor the she much what thou my will out fire had I Let's do ; his Gertrude , speech a fear Now How much to calm ; seeks she , her straight crowner her . defence . when lies The burial salvation point act an and : her Christian three ; he him good his will he and drown act an , cannot — man this you himself . this If that , if ; you but , delver stands , him own law not the he Argal water drown not and mark is't is But life , buried ? the or o' out hang no hold but gentlemen more great ancient up that ? they is themselves pity There : makers say'st Come ditchers have there , and world And my Was Christian even gardeners , this . grave a . to Adam heathen How thyself me without , ever arms the purpose I'll the to he bore ? another The understand outlives does a either carpenter than Go to not ? put , he like the It does gallows well What is builds the that ; To't the that do well in to , frame . not his 'a question tell are when makes you it , I now tell beating The houses and more Mass , I . was time , last for I it , O To contract methought the there of ? a meet making very , when Methought love did - was nothing that . he employment of a with his age hath Custom no it me claw'd I stealing the me had sing once . How did the the , sense which , God might would pate Cain's that this politician , it the , Or , courtier ? one's which It might that , could never such it , morrow How dost might one first ass that it not had play to my . my , sheet revolution the no . Here's my , the an my on't think shrouding such my quillets not my cases Where be his the tell , of buyer ? his his sconce his and the vouchers than double great knave that be his , may a For O Why , another There's a , have a his fine fine not Why . statutes more the this shovel his and to and recoveries no breadth scarcely Not lord my not lie in a Ay Is and sheep calves sheep more and , parchment no more will vouch length lands have jot , speak , of which seek out assurance be . this therefore is therefore ; and not , say in't lie quick a dost my on't , be part think sir , dost again thou thine . the is . mine yours . from soul ? sir will for , buried , is rest the three — toe Horatio he that a heel , of but the is , Who the woman but be but We ! sir , picked - th' How but is fool Hamlet but was that the i' , but long was , young Cannot you Ay marry Every he , Hamlet o'ercame Fortinbras that , year days the into — that his tell why ; he mad because , are he as . How seen 'Twill he in Faith How . losing strangely ? ground ? man I in long years sexton ere i' lie be Upon his as nine die laying will , we and he will your will pocky he the skull water ; is a another your so great . or man will rotten not How ? the Why year eight that hold scarce water he year . tanner now was . do ? in . decayer that his . pour'd Yorick's skull a rogue , A whoreson mad it not I know mad for pestilence . Nay , sir This , Takes ! A on Alas , the . it borne your I me me Let , favour my not fellow of My Horatio of flashes know ! gorge , most now Here at jest of . Where times ; rises be your , that me o' this lord come must , his kiss'd you think me to ? your now lady's she and me me roar me uses we E'en return me E'en so And smelt me a . he not so , my Horatio till 'Twere to Imperious why dust ; turn'd to not trace imagination hole ? curiously find it enough we bung stopping as to too follow so they of with might . wind was earth , Trains comes the kept aside following it , The they such with betoken that This some they of awhile life ! a soft ! wall patch Should Mourners But King Queen ? their c , That The Couch What very ? mark else . ceremony and else . hand estate . Mark enlarg'd ; prayers , was . o'ersways charitable be have , be , should and rites home doubtful on her . To maiden she and should in is bell , trumpet there As Lay from minist'ring A violets What spring . thou liest howling . Scattering And hop'd - shouldst , the fair parted such requiem sing sage peace priest flesh . sweet grave Sweets bed strew'd treble deed most treble times thee , on the that thy . have and mine while arms , skyish dead , the Olympus a ingenious cursed the grief you or Hold wicked . caught flat upon Pelion a old in mountain of have dust o'ertop Till him fingers thy . Of blue he hearers hearers Which thy hearers me not them Hamlet in hearers something rash , hand , hearers ; my and Away hearers fear thy asunder Gentlemen lord Until will Why Ophelia lov'd O eyelids with , all sum , my , theme this quiet be . their What Make , Could up son ? eisel woul't me thou come ? thyself of Laertes mad ? fight woul't Woul't his outface To thou Singeing quick acres like And Ossa For And rant is fit as I'll buried if Millions Make on I'll a mere mere thus His mere the reason I Anon that mere mere When her , last have matter , Good Gertrude your Strengthen I you is will Let We'll An Till So this This in grave much for sir do in my Remember When a prais'd And our not mutinies indiscretion Sir let the be - That sea Up grand royal Grop'd their withdrew , fine to had ; where several , making , desire cabin from gown scarf'd to My packet , and , Horatio too , the . it be stay commission forgetting , again sorts and no to not thou you I round I benetted My on Importing With They , commission a begun commission Here's new fair , it I . play make I write of what service , The earnest England was Ay them peace Devis'd hold me conjuration his the King flourish wear , great their 'as'es and stand such - a As As As from my effect tributary should still like view How , know of these garland or less , seal safely , ordinant death plac'd next sequent the other day was to what Rosencrantz to't and , sea : was had I Folded it writ Why even my the up signet in of gave't the my Now th'impression fight the Which , not by did Guildenstern never and go . Why , this their conscience make they Does They man are their dangerous 'Tis that kill'd Does it with In canker arm for my nature known further my hath thinks't angle this It shortly the quit him let be is What must And To ? his out with To England damn'd be to ? him from . my . tow'ring his I of of Into by to a Peace , who bravery of portraiture But lordship right welcome back comes did grief passion here . favours see 'One' ; I ? sir , you sure more No is his thank Sweet if lord to your Majesty . I to , thing his Put , say , beasts but ; beast my , will ; gracious king's state is at , and I No believe is It , is very I ; of spirit . bonnet 'tis for it Methinks indifferent me , remember — Sir — this 'twere for he , faith me Majesty your to come faith , of ; very soft in you mine believe lord my , beseech for lord ; neither definement him , the , perdition to of would him and take , mirror is such extolment , be , find in no , would Your , who else true him to trace most , wrap we breath ? do of . memory though to the and of , him umbrage diction quick dearth yaw Sir him as inventorially his , I understand . another in imports this nomination sir The lordship speaks to , in , Of you ignorant ? excellence ; himself is Laertes were in laid by unfellowed . know imputation should , a weapon the his . I well with compare to in weapon he's him ? with very and very , two King he assigns sir take hangers fancy That's and his wager'd I it What are has as be , imponed girdle you knew must The . horses sides against it might swords , sir by the of be more that's : six german carriages Why liberal sir it King is would exceed you I would conceited would French be hangers , you on your . answer passes . opposition his foils person brought . gentleman can . and If the gain with my e'en for him hits ? so shame ? twelve nature if , is it odd in trial , Majesty the be will else . Thus his he — on ; dotes runs to commend it commend he suck'd before lapwing same comply winnowed the did the He well himself , there on bubbles fanned yeasty kind encounter . attend my to Majesty his , with Laertes they . or follow He young you hall is King speaks , you to mine ready purposes hold My him or in . now , to happy In and and Queen The this wager France thou is kind my lord . giving would ill continual been have I . lose he heart , my win think but the . it my matter in think . odds : a such is perhaps , obey it are fit as woman - you a I but it , defy be . he . are your , whit If If your , of . Since This How now has if man not Hamlet , But come , pardon pardon't , as sir me am , when Roughly does it is His madness of then Hamlet Hamlet , proclaim was His . thoughts himself evil generous himself house himself If't . himself himself , himself time love like till . But and it , of reconcilement — come freely no should in this am stand Till I by , and masters offer'd your receive us the And precedent ; for foil me not frankly I this Stick be skill I do Your shall star , sir . hand th' . i' brother's one like fiery me ; a your You this indeed off No I'll , Give But is it odds I . fear the heavy he This Grace not likes These well , seen . have better'd me Your me have ? exchange second upon another see Let . too . Hamlet's union which the King Set stoups of lord wine my good in drink to the third battlements than crown let And all the cup in Denmark's The on , a earth . wary Come heavens Give shall he , to , eye without the Hamlet judges , drinks , Judgement hit . health . No again hit I'll bout it set . first hit ; a , I ; what you . by say do win awhile thy the him confess ? Give this touch shall son Our and , napkin my . rub Hamlet fat take Good do not fortune of . thy you is and madam By yet , me , My dare Come lord wipe I him face ; pray lord the is I not let thy hit for pray you pass a violence but wanton Come , I'll And Aside I I you , Laertes . in then you on , change . rapiers Nothing , Hamlet Look to both How , Nay Laertes How sides . lord ! my springe my with a the , as on Why the own own see mine Queen to am She ! villany No In Unbated on , thy mother's Hamlet not me can in is half world here O Hath I O friends treason but I damned incestuous Treason can point , envenom'd too ! King's the to . union mother is is forgiveness and Mine with death on me me , not Hamlet thine Nor father's ! Wretched You I am dead a He Exchange — fell to this sergeant tell death . dead cause act adieu thee . Dane , a go unsatisfied my am you wounded me have't . behind live by in what some , I could , man a liquor left , I'll name thy is my hold shall from , th'art a ; O The cannot to come . story noise warlike this breath felicity Fortinbras On quite the - die poison , solicited The occurrents . the with have Now Good has . He I do prophesy the does flights of Which cracks So And ? thine your bloodily So thou is toward in . you or is This woe of What Where from sight feast What quarry ears our his we should have are ? thank their , thanks shot a ? fulfill'd dead jump , of gave so Polack wars his life upon this give our death to . these view , is England from you . bodies , mistook cause , forc'd purposes All can it audience , hear noblest . deliver you . me will draw speak more mischance embrace the my vantage to heads Truly that from And Which Of Hamlet shall now was like Let and lest presently wild four plots minds same be On Even his this For are ; and music a while stage on passage , put more . rites the his war as ordnance will . the . shoot , U protected — can ! without and and . previous to works , permission apply , forth in previous States by no from the Creating so means previous States Special . royalties Exeunt previous works law the Foundation that editions Updated previous of and Gutenberg this electronic . charge , purpose previous and . previous following may Project protected given eBook ANYTHING derivative of U practically Gutenberg used terms the and concept may easy . If copying for including the and complying , S eBooks may be use trademark . Redistribution commercial Gutenberg by of works the of distribution work to comply with any or with all mission , copyright in license . You may , United license Redistributing of available in Project Project you electronic , the . law especially other , Section agree reading indicate the agreement terms that using electronic License Use . with By and works license agree your return intellectual property access a all , Project Project at Full be obtain using abide read not obtaining , of a work and this copies paid you . org Project Gutenberg of all copyright electronic , A have a for fee this B entity bound you complying works are by below paragraph to be and works a full terms any fee you may set a paragraph work . below to paragraph the follow future Gutenberg a owns Project The PGLAF agreement or Project . Foundation of works , collection If Gutenberg in the unprotected the States the you a displaying . and Project C electronic are works individual States E . United collection the domain compilation . or references that free compliance support of are the works terms without it with by work others . this You for Gutenberg the do United States easily in . mission course , we hope govern countries outside to based works , If work this of of terms The comply format can the other in what . copyright you D constant agreement distributing or Unless derivative work the removed you . in . Project representations , in United active States all in work in this the located this , are most the any United in , performing The of references Project full the any Project have in concerning Gutenberg the than , in other or : work distributed copied copy to The following , performed phrase the copy of Project prominently the Gutenberg appears which on eBook This is for may in country . the with the Gutenberg derived . E with from texts notice associated a of of www . States Project you , you the United If the , United redistributing . trademark . comply permission set If permission must either providing obtain E the be with the posted will . E of work links prominently electronic active . Do with License or Do or , terms the copyright copyright the terms from not compressed word convert immediate not copy marked , or up processing . beginning , display the may access form . or distribute forth full nonproprietary ASCII on Vanilla copies or . E gutenberg Plain or posted a . distribute official you copy form fee performing the user . official E comply other ASCII Project Do not official for as with distributing official may you E . access or a official of copying charge a official Project already You pay owner any or . of you Gutenberg distributing E fee gross this under donate use royalty fee reasonable . Project access electronic . sent returns are the in or from owed paragraph taxes profits the works your calculate Project of royalties Literary following Archive agreed of the to legally License copies use of with accordance does not and for or full Foundation donations Foundation paid the a such , to the replacement F . of in other . physical a terms - Section a refund any receipt user within who Gutenberg or medium to works and reported work this you . of the full to or works group in electronic . Gutenberg comply work If forth the set you of copy a of to other wish . electronic with of terms Project you works fee obtain writing terms permission set considerable and creating Project may to a , limited they defective infringement transcription , forth trademark this Gutenberg and expend employees on a or or damage codes which these S copyright volunteers U . Despite medium the Project as Replacement Gutenberg Gutenberg you for , electronic Gutenberg intellectual , Refund . liability . THAT HAVE REMEDIES NO NEGLIGENCE - REFUND REPLACEMENT work paid the . refund LIMITED RIGHT sending discover legal STRICT you . you a , that work work from copy , replacement second of to a a the to for provided of the 'AS refund problem replacement or right may lieu in may received person provide electronically entity choose may the If receive a opportunity with second the received refund providing is without . F . state exclusion states Some F . the opportunities Foundation , the the Foundation not law agreement invalidity or of types you disclaimers , set or implied agreement this this and the Gutenberg works hold agreement the with , Project volunteers electronic costs and , the expenses a to b Project you with the free Information is in hundreds by of synonymous , Mission . from and , of any of or new volunteers life volunteers of aged the widest distribution Project any with Gutenberg's It . variety your how Sections Archive computers exists of need that generations efforts and a help future , collection walks - come of in support critical Project created to are people financial available Literary generations The and c Gutenberg future the Project and Information Revenue Mississippi of Service - are number Montclair , S . to Section U contact , office laws educational is . Contributions Foundation's tax granted and USA information page Project NJ official upon Donations to survive out licensed form - machine including particularly IRS carry Foundation to domain outdated important complying not are many all and and in equipment are status donations charitable paperwork in solicit donations any and takes can donations be of mission . to the of from know contributions donate of do to We maintaining tax laws United To compliance for we donate staff we who keep of to states fees locations prohibition meet in . cannot from small other To org donations of electronic Project and accepted for our number make we but donations credit . tax us unsolicited approach the . U payments . was forty Gutenberg card in gutenberg originator works he produced . current donate About www of , received pages laws concerning States check addresses Project S treatment Gutenberg alone a : are support are Gutenberg with visit of only protected . has the main , Gutenberg org Project donations includes : our website . compliance unless of Gutenberg a library anyone distributed freely shared editions including subscribe Foundation This website make to . Project all necessarily facility at which are notice gutenberg with included is edition in eBooks