there Stand Stand Long Stand He and . Stand Barnardo Francisco bed 'Tis Stand sick you relief struck this And Stand For 'Tis Stand You come Not If rivals . them . think Well , bid them ground to this to you soldier , my place Stand ho night good ! Holla what Horatio Barnardo is , A of . Welcome thing again . but Marcellus ? tonight nothing our hold seen him of minutes the again our , eyes not and entreated of night , along . of fantasy take twice apparition to . story , 'twill let That let Well hear night the of . and part from t'illume , this . it dead . Horatio . again of Denmark form thou with that fair of charge . speak thee , night . and You more will ! pale ? speak answer not fantasy ! this believe an ; our to that opinion watch ice angry at by knows , state this work scope and thought he , before Thus Good , divide joint - this week ; war whose sore . haste the ? King day Our so I shipwrights toward last , us , Hamlet his lands , compact pride emulate valiant world our seal'd which , had design'd Fortinbras cov'nant , young the the and law with , the which of life inheritance ; mettle , hot and , carriage been Hamlet And skirts of list some lawless , sir Norway of which strong our lost to his The As hath in the Shark'd For That it terms recover well watch hand us to there . figure so , the . dead sheeted the of , eclipse the Julius watch that sort the like mind's of Roman dews star moist the and Neptune's empire , blood fell stands fates on demonstrated . Stay , earth ! earth earth , to grace me earth . to thing to Which earth may Or earth art treasure say earth Speak Shall strike I Stop will not . with , it Marcellus partisan ? and it it it 'Tis wrong We It Upon And it about that and . when speak Awake This faded our Saviour's ever the , and in the with , or say crowing the erring And singeth birth 'gainst of fire . Wherein that on object truth herein , part is gracious hath is that cock . no the planets no in morn impart Hamlet we ; the , I So Do spirit us o'er we our look hallow'd No takes are they of do in yon up watch dumb , Let's needful , Unto Break have But Walks This As Though , him our I fitting conveniently shall pray do't I Laertes , green Cornelius Hamlet Lords yet Yet That Taken equal in With to scale Th'imperial With In auspicious 'twere a one with dropping freely , brother's out us those bonds of law for here him lands : of , writ with and of know supposal late by this disjoint of the his most Thus of To business to of good His Who Norway the For The his his bearers , further lists full proportions we you and : subject this , Voltemand , power more dilated King no to let the Norway , scope . will nothing CORNELIUS haste Laertes it things , than heartily suit reason some . duty . lord Dread I Denmark France to duty my From whence and must Yet show To I , willingly confess bend gracious father's leave toward again ? What in leave that ? thy Denmark thou favour in , in Laertes , Polonius last consent at ; in , leave ; in be graces my , fair thy best thy now in Take He in By my , lord laboursome Laertes wrung from me my slow petition I do I And Thou thine Hamlet so , my am still you on . lids vailed colour on . off much dust , breath visage , mother not , to nature through suspiration dejected nor Nor all forms truly that the Together , Seems Why seems ! Nay know eye . Hamlet father a and the term , woe play grief , a which father , most . man within and in your to lost father ; nature your mourning must father To Of impious do filial obsequious sorrow his persevere , heaven course to But . incorrect unmanly to sense opposition to a , dead absurd a 'tis Fie we must know most be we , to common , theme , still fault , cried of died hath fault , who reason Is must This a impart we courtier the Our Here And in cheer beseech pray shall with best you not Hamlet our us loving obey , Wittenberg madam thee in ; prayers to of Hamlet grace ; a gentle smiling jocund speaking great the to earthly - the But And that my all I stay Denmark unforc'd accord drinks , fair , again bruit clouds cannon thunder solid itself Everlasting - self resolve too had God fix'd , melt would flesh Re No Sits His this O Thaw How weary ! it to all the 'tis and not ; to to , this come so was my of ! O ! garden this gross unweeded , and world this nature ! unprofitable : much , uses things nay a her Visit Must Let Would have God month she A My father's O , ere my shoes within a uncle father , post , O the ! tears eyes to unrighteous ; salt flushing married . nor for my . sheets come I dexterity , like a her in . more with my month forget you lordship your to glad I I servant your to , And , see lord friend with ? you name good , Wittenberg Marcellus I'll Horatio in truant to disposition see faith you that ; even . sir from you — good do not shall make yourself But would , glad very Against We'll I not see , lord to , what drink your of your are Elsinore me it my follow'd forth — I had met my dearest foe , day the marriage bak'd meats my . all in all Who Saw think ? lord , My lord My He With your the I Upon an attent King . yesternight had let . may I these these and A and them and at thus Been For God's . on gentlemen your like figure : middle exactly them stately before Within Stand Almost jelly dreadful truncheon's with not secrecy to night they fear walk'd , father night watch - pie the their me , he thrice - cap , Appears their oppress'd they , like ? this and more true in your . made kept impart . to , it where was father was methought , was loud haste in cock it and ; was ? speak yet was speak our very 'Tis I vanish'd , in was strange lord let live ; it my And As And we even But And writ of but know our troubles true my . tonight watch BARNARDO lord you Both , From Arm'd say . Arm'd , toe not his wore his beaver ? face A O my countenance Nay Pale I one as have life ? tell it Stay'd . like with Longer when I , watch walk you tonight though hitherto have my warrant Perchance it If And bid assume it , my tenable an shall will I to speak father's doubt Till all Your , My earth foul then my give necessaries , I Though some the as hear doubt , the are sister is assistant , minute , in his from do not ; a a trifling nature ; primy . of it ; service withal now And Grows His greatness weigh'd is you doth and soul waxes , loves he says if yielding whole state depends be so place you ; unvalu'd of of on his and himself He for and that circumscrib'd is choice this body believe may honour which act to it further . his treasure is and , withal Denmark of the May As he loss goes affection dear , youth . near spring the to infants buttons best , this th'effect wary in galls itself The Out And the before she morn heart ungracious way keep my do to dalliance , treads , you ; shame grace . not not his own comes father aboard , your , shoulder There thy no act with palm There thy with entertainment There ; There There in comrade of . Beware There : There , buy thy man the rich purse reserve thy . voice being steel tried . true . be chief , thee , few but can and in self both as be blessing not Farewell it This not both in your both both both I What both Thou canst follow to thine false , both , Most humbly , invites ; go , me on — of , so way , time told audience not do be And you is't , Ophelia something , Marry me well to as been private 'Tis your What As it between my I . his , affection to such tenders my ; baby . importun'd tender true yourself , what for yourself the of me a with me , go lord my . making - in , daughter extinct is From ; time this presence a rate Lord For higher Hamlet young walk Ophelia brokers investments their for . you which implorators like to so words you I , give Have , not you you is It air you you you you I No it is not spirit it held . his my his reels down . here custom west them , in nature not guilty , attribute it phrase : complexion reason , as , these o'erleavens , much — undergo goblin grace it ! hell defend or or charitable a such wicked of heaven or from shape questionable Dane in op'd Hath thou Making burst not thy Why Have burst Wherein cerements our reaches What ? this cast why As if away To you thus dead To hideous to ? Wherefore shake and ! What fools moon , do it with should of , beyond horridly So is you to what alone impartment go Look do , Do It not then to you But then then then And waves Being me thing it then It And then beetles you Think desperation the to . every . beneath brain , it . horrible of into base some madness into place very Which The Without more so hears It not go lord my follow still Still am , hands your . go not petty Unhand of , me . obey thus fit away . me nerve . issue what after He waxes Go I'll go no . Speak ? ghost ! will myself up render will come will tormenting serious lend will thy unfold will shalt hear . will hear to will when , spirit walk fast that I But in my . away and could the tale day crimes the I am art to , revenge What term to done certain a Doom'd And ; the confin'd ; for foul ; like knotted Thy And Like But and didst thou his ; Revenge If ; ears ; To But this most flesh ever O and unnatural ! I revenge the thoughts ; life youth of adulterate that , and my uncle ! death thy thou , his sting crown . soul wit with gifts won , Mine that , Ay So The O wicked O That wretch me it made Upon So porches hebenon in whose of effect did vial a with it courses man pour through ; dispatch'd , sin account , with with with crust with . horrible head my on sent , disappointed but with O luxury thou nor with thorns her mind sting and thy not The A of to , And O you I me you , In thou bear distracted globe , O earth thee a , thee ; pressures ? records alone forms , observation all all shall fond and youth away all table of Remember . commandment , from the , wipe saws All That , uncle At one My It is , How is't , ho ho , be . ho Illo Within , boy my O wonderful . think ? the , point and hands circumstance i' are we more you tell villain he's my lord an To us this , arrant , without ; and desire business shake that it as hold right the at my , whirling offend for I'll and my this is what that Touching let , between vision lord my , no , will soldiers Never you are you may What make My known Nay , in , not , We Indeed upon . Nor my sword already the , truepenny ? there . you that my sword my , fellow in ? you my sword heard sword . Swear . th'earth i' by . Beneath Swear ubique lay Then we'll , remove work friends so my . this a , strange wondrous . shall and doubtful this , Swear . mercy of speak' aught So , spirit perturbed love Rest willing , out of . poor a Beneath rest With The was born , still money this will these lord , very , Of you marvellous him wisely , touch friends , him of this and mark do — him' they Than What this , Ay him As Addicted But , As so and he , very well if't forgeries dishonour him ; take put and go , fencing would and . You may , and that drabbing , and , not and That and and Faith And a believe sir fetch soil'd , a slight it laying , Wherefore thing these 'twere He seen converse ever you or Of so The And He mass By and At — does According , youth Having and 'Good and to ' and good and my lord . say to and he this something . about , ay , you See . truth ; say — reach of of , as of o'ertook , day t'other : or carp out assays of advice , and directions former . have , was bait By my Your or then There , then Or Videlicet by do of you Shall With So son indirections You my shall inclination my , his And God b' Good . my I Observe lord lord Ophelia , been so ? chamber ? in sewing with head I , so knees to stockings all piteous been of comes loosed had of horrors down his and hat Lord My as his the , what love he before in out I it knocking his each purport arm his o'er hand length of my hard me fear down arm profound go , his eyes his . piteous waving up face . help me me bulk he so . done over bended the . violent property fordoes King love go . ecstasy will I very under hard any itself , light without their — undertakings heaven I you words as and denied , did . trifle ! judgement jealousy but did beshrew to opinions sort heed . thee . I with But and , is beyond discretion it cast to meant , This must To lack . is As , Moreover The Our nor was it , father's transformation dear , known than , hate to to see . humour and himself thus it the What death from you little your to days here in hath him put up occasion brought of of dream of . I occasion young vouchsafe neighbour'd , occasion . with are talk'd occasion If and of our receive occasion fits profit remembrance much occasion two , he hath occasion have you your your by Put occasion To whom he Your Might give ourselves up As , We both obey , full , Guildenstern and Rosencrantz And Pleasant and Ay , hast been Are Thou still my , my ? and lord from Norway joyfully I Both I do not the , my think hold to Hunts — Assure or — of to as my this else Hamlet's do do trail that lunacy that th'ambassadors to I to cause hear our Say sift good from of , first return , to to suppress appear'd him and . desires truly whereat , he Polack the Highness before he , vow of th'assay , thousand his against overcome in with fee . employ crowns commission his And arms never joy fine , brief in obeys more shown give down of therein regards dominions are enterprise well us for consider'd likes . this - we'll . home . well is This Go Answer And business madam , be waste to tediousness since but nothing Were will it ; the , and ended is and time wit outward define else go let But for true nothing to be with , More swear : no less pity , defect art . now this of then I And cause Perpend , thus whilst remainder the , let us find have I it . soul's idol beautified is 'beautified' most . you have vile a have to have ; will her have hear have have be I numbers . whilst daughter , mine place his by . you my hath she me love receiv'd how What my and honourable ? my what so prove fain my would I had I on what my might you tell must love hot But my , me might my . this you book idle thus prince is this winking desk a of perceiv'd ? mistress , love , And queen , or upon my given Or must That And madness wail all think you this And Do That there been I When a may the Into , said I'd very from this is Within the centre try it . further hours in walks lobby does So You Here he . his , not , him to . behind he my loose indeed and I If assistant poor the - mercy wretch . man fishmonger Lord good my honest lord to be one man kissing picked but a ? dog . he , gone Yet He my dead daughter . on extremity suffered I he in him truly speak . me How not her . this And not I'll says slave that satirical that thick have grey , amber wit old purging I of lack lord my read ? here their a All hold should , sir yet hams their For sir ; tree gum you potently Slanders with be have ; and the faces ; I go Into of grave be madness o' air . the there am have . I honesty , as they plentiful though to yet it thus you crab lord . will reason sometimes his you him and leave daughter and . willingly fools the Fare cannot sir , withal You , old you tedious well lord my Hamlet you ! dost How honoured . These My God . is , button earth ? thou most Guildenstern both not are children of over - favours soles we , of not her lord . shoe very are we in the Neither Fortune's of her a is . she that . grown ? she good you lord prison . that ? news Prison that deserved the prison , true is not friends that dungeons that that either . is is bad nothing me it there Denmark one the Denmark's many world confines th' are which goodly one ; 'tis We one prison wards my in indeed ambitious dream , dreams are that 'tis it makes ; so to you bounded were a I your Why God Which , our are hold Then Truly I Shall I you such . beggars' shadows will an To speak in matter like honest ROSENCRANTZ . the to that dear ? friends am , beaten way friendship I you at other thanks lord no halfpenny ; inclining are my , you visit Is anything kind enough , justly confession , preserved ever fellowship to colour teach must charge you To or direct by love hold sent could whether a no me let . and even I - Nay withal , be the we so King , Queen moult no feather for you What . eye ? you . prevent my heavily so goes my me to ; shall lord My have will I tell , late most goodly exercises but your of you why wherefore this form in paragon angel a canopy excellent of , What appears no , than man , work to majestical frame ; in the dust was , when delights ? in it o'erhanging of this , action congregation how of , reason in noble admirable , nor so no to to you ; like how And me , though coted they you receive then delight hither coming are if knight the , players , you from shall , my Why My lord He the think What to wont you it lady Even shall that of the king me clown the ; not plays . her shall whose those shall end tickle the in both — verse th' o' blank are , such in , ways of estimation inhibition they Do I chances both . delight late did innovation city did and of is rusty but ? Are did the not I when did sir , wearing thither say did not escoted scarce them call did writers — as them grow out ; there the — question , quills goose stages for't so come that the These and longer - Who dare wrong nation , on in do — better can sing on than no both There question . the went to cuffs the on succession while and money on on holds player on possible my more ducats it something in than lived for apiece carry is O Ay not would is my father players little give King There out the this welcome while for my uncle , twenty . natural , welcome are you of fairly north are mad hawk southerly is . the dear and aunt Let ceremony players entertainment uncle is are should with , and at a from Well Guildenstern there too , handsaw When west - my gentlemen wind lord a to me twice come . so . swaddling . clouts you be of Monday a not of is yet you , see the you comes lord right have , news my buzz . actor Mark . in 'twas players . Buzz are actors pastoral pastoral . to come , world , ass comedy or the , Plautus are , too tragical . and tragedy , heavy either actor pastoral - what nor , had a only for poem men he individable Israel passing no , my he ? more my he ' lord he ? he lord then , follows , well that he lord Jephthah not . Aside me The then , follows Nay by It masters came of , friends lady , be is nearer Pray the a anything you , voice your heaven , God , lot and to pass friend ! am . most as like it thee I like at Masters than my , to is ? glad Thy to I all . to my , Com'st . O of piece you and last . By'r by We'll mistress , uncurrent . heard not speak me a , to't e'en , my lord , Come ? Come . speech What speech , But it was but a once play speech once , cunning play . matter of chiefly especially so : line 'Twas much , in said one nor but called of Priam's tale to slaughter me see not his It memory The heraldry this lay purpose couched more fathers mothers , see in thereabout it honest an loved blood of With Bak'd lend murders To With vile When he , complexion and the did in dismal total he gules , streets daughters smear'd trick'd , thus And That and and Roasted the light , gore wrath coagulate eyes o'ersized . and , crash ; stick sword top , head sword falls , it . drives father , For the tyrant to , stand , orb storm matter stood th'air his . Pyrrhus' and against . will and some the dreadful a the work - Cyclops' , sets did eterne milky still , thunder , below hammers ! away round nave , synod general In Break And the thou less armour than Pyrrhus' for after Fortune bleeding so anon , pause sword All . Priam proof , fall ; gods heaven say sleeps , This It 'The for Say come , shall to good That's barefoot With bisson . a late Where When she mincing this But if the had blanket About Fortune's the and , is queen' clout , stood A Who In Unless he not not made of and , colour . this you burning the she all tears eyes of brief chronicles gods themselves gods his made bestowed well you his see have turn'd , thee where I'll mortal have the are were report , your Use them . man , you speak the more them . ill . desert their after while you merit sirs in the dignity . and his them own man to desert in . of lord you play The a Come ? Ay Can Gonzago . my We'll , every , and honour bounty Murder and lines night , We'll ha't or Very dozen well . which Dost hear me friend thou that Guildenstern night sixteen I'll , you mock am slave this a to in's his dream I own function And of passion , wan'd , aspect visage all and Hecuba ? conceit voice not a that that With should he have her the that with ear cue free horrid he him motive would that appal the for all to for ! that tears suiting he do ; I that my - dreams nothing . No , not and for of , nothing , and ? stage indeed amaze the and and breaks most I across does and i' be my and in the and lack it this cannot ? this ! brave , words murder'd a of I ! by - scullion , Fie cursing a brain sitting ! my upon't A Must Have That They by the to Prompted guilty revenge , something struck fall , proclaim'd soul so murder Been most have have no tongue I'll have my blench play the that , seen perhaps . thing the grounds , me damn than catch this More relative me is a T'assume As Abuses Wherein I May to the Grating him can And Get he feels cause does from him madness keeps means distracted will he on some be no ? confession you gentleman . receive Did we find dangerous lunacy aloof speak , sounded ? these in the did We o'er Madam And him that so it in to him fell Most Did , on raught assay you seem there of it . as night think This to 'Tis beseech'd I he hear ; your matter entreat me before . have true him . the doth much . inclin'd it further a edge to on him so my lord . these us leave too for Hamlet sent accident by Ophelia , lawful , that seeing frankly encounter he . as is his love of : be Ophelia obey suffers for judge , virtues you shall honours wish Madam Will We Ophelia his , his , your to him To That loneliness Your will his bring his an that do himself devil The his his Is Than deed cheek not is my ugly to heavy that we are such — here you . action with pious much And that beautied more harlot's smart The O the most withdraw , thing my . lash , plastering painted to fortune a and slings The To or not Let's I coming burden ! the ? arms ache them to , natural end rub , to a shocks , the may come respect , time , and whips . off of dream To : the of outrageous , To . to pause proud , and of The of oppressor's pangs For The merit That who patient Who would weary death , bear dispriz'd When The Thus And And lose the regard the pith cast of moment turn of not we will the of all currents . you with o'er conscience to us rather others the of their pale we ills us of cowards make does sicklied of name fair does many well this honour , Nymph day them deliver re receive . well , you have to long . so of again wax the ; gifts Take My And made for , poor things them ; my lord . prove perfume lost unkind for mind ? means for ha your for and honest if for for Could truly , power sometime did , was bawd it into , his to for my you , sooner can now . once , Indeed . beauty , lord , proof lord This likeness , that it stock should my made , inoculate gives . our ? old I breeder me I my them I as to more , home to , such very than me accuse deceived more thou could crawling between ways and earth beck do us ? at give yet I be a but ; honest imagination borne not offences with , in them in to revengeful thoughts doors marry if snow enough thou , him in's O pure give At nunnery all dost ice shut upon be Let you house , go , go well farewell chaste fool and lisp have more nunnery for If your make marriages . on't Those as it , what soldier's no God's keep that of heard more too nickname rose fashion observers of the most quite the is are they eye and , the suck'd , of Th'observ'd The and O woe me , I , There's . it though way form a reason blown harsh youth , lack'd his doubt melancholy seen form have not that do I And Will : down Thus From . do I grief tribute expel heart : his shall neglected our him Hamlet Ophelia ? please , believe ? said after the his as now of origin it fit what . ear go . so unwatch'd your it you , air I . players of many I I you thus give may I as a , periwig nothing the of ears - it split gently pated whipped fellow Pray but of tear it passion pronounced , use my but spoke - I Herods out part very , soul temperance hear to a . noise would have capable all Herod the warrant word o'erstep , nature of action with be avoid to , was the to is her the of pressure the censure it feature unskilful O overdone or the this , whose the both but must hold not , I gait nor hold strutted so have , man had journeymen hold . Nature's , hold profanely seen virtue , that you hold though the of make form time , now and so overdone hold of , and is and to , his ; scorn , that one accent to the make allowance your speak — that players Christians and the made . with play your , sir them them to speak clowns laugh the most play . pitiful spectators a barren Go ? ready and question you . and work haste presently them thou Horatio sweet lord lord . GUILDENSTERN . should . man To feed That Nay what , For and No may could And crook follow distinguish was . that For all Fortune's thanks she a please , ay , what is I not ta'en That I In There That As have prithee To I Do eyes both rivet we Well are ghost my itself mine , the uncle . damned will detecting They to after steal Danish A march Excellent nothing with i' promise , nor mine my , you say My you are capons these Hamlet Polonius . What and once , lord ? Julius enact did I lord ; they so capital . sit Hamlet calf , by attractive more a your upon metal stay here's my , was No the my I shall ? lap lap ? I you Do I thought I That's You are my Who , What Ay I , merry ! mother 'tis , Nay devil black months wear , months , for lord my be within's , man my , I'll half , lovingly very hobby her , long sables by'r with , lady declines , upon makes , She his crown takes off whose . exits , whose The whose King Queen , finds the whose ; leaves or poison , is dead whose in . protestation show him , She Enter on whose a to lament Queen . The Poisoner the woos We shall know Belike this they tell shame , or not Will . keep ; it of meant this Be tell us by that Here We a are You naught bands hands our did gone cart been journeys in dozen thirty As brief 'Tis salt Full thirty wash Neptune's world hearts commutual times have twelve most o'er ere the count , you so love Yet , though are your it again I distrust women's far is woe Discomfort Where love Now Where Faith And what belov'd , their leave must I operant powers is , fears in and fair love love functions Honour'd O , live shalt husband confound be Wormwood . that second but in bed thrift time respects love second I Of now Which When A we what Where world 'tis love , not our man advanc'd makes , down doth not in seasons a shall love question should fortune loves a lead left hitherto orderly wills devices end do where enemy contrary . doth try friend enemies his favourite prove our fortune to us fortune love of : flies him a tend him , him , run own him . I so him overthrown begun second none thy first him still are their when ends wilt give my , thoughts to repose thou my thy Sport desperation me An anchor's my opposite Each I once and my here If , what my To my 'Tis deeply spirits , Madam lady too like this argument do Tropically wife the his but not that world in't what . the , one good my offence no play play of Baptista is This it of : touches unwrung if are keen could I . withers nephew free souls Duke's knavish a that wince are would husbands . worse my you . the see . love your dallying , lord Still , and to my leave . thy edge . doth for , revenge , seeing infected anon see Gonzago You . shall fares What written i' and The o'er , frighted How ? my false . Away . sleep if feathers away some the on of of ; not this , some For fortunes Would shoes sir with a For A This dost Jove very , dismantled now and , O , share a Provincial players . the the comedy . well note the like of talk ? my poisoning the him music not Come some likes it king , not a word history . me whole with him sir marvellous ? distempered choler rather to richer sir signify this would perhaps and hath so start not , sent . If be breed do of mother's your end you say , such , you say , into amazement is ? you you to go . Have ere closet ? mother our admiration ! mother's mother a this her times us lord your , if Sir I you the , have in Denmark voice succession the bold you To — as . if my Will pipe upon this . cannot . you , will stops . discourse and most . skill the would You I ventages lord with it finger the not the out pluck in . upon . would bless see By yonder you lord , the cloud that's almost camel a like you speak Queen on be you can God is like a Or backed It Methinks I — by and will me friends , by come by . come say by churchyards world such on , by By and 'Tis by The will I by And When heart give them How in O Let soul of bitter thy enter be daggers in to cruel Nero me quake not To seals never , like let terms his my words not my soul . forthwith along with . hourly religious religious grow . lunacies will We holy all To religious The not on ; the highest mount falls things religious of much . religious . religious when it of groan fear upon you pray I of goes fetters now Which For , of boist'rous sigh petty . with ; it of What's To of mortis'd Each of Did of the haste haste will We haste haste too and Behind haste haste haste hear the you that upon . them warrant audience tax it a I you and makes call offence O I brother's It primal Though in like , hath the ! as to where . snow this cursed strong if brother's murder queen , my ? look murder prayer . world I which pardon'd of ! rests possess'd did may wicked 'tis and , of faults as be , O one then . But shuffling nature What ? What of , assay free , knees soft , stubborn more Art , O Bow , do And would goes he now . reveng'd may sinews ; Help as it do't I'll now And I heaven To , He might hire When Up hire When , is hire fit he hire To 'Tis hire , has gaming in Or , no swearing relish soul hire him trip he At hell hire that that his or pleasure th'incestuous And As up fly The This King rises . never my thoughts and Words without thoughts goes . My stays bear with . screen'd him . coming hear I . mother with , silence mother Mother e'en Within much , mother offended father my you , go come Come thy , Go , the Mother , No Have What's rood ? rood brother's my can . rood budge you of not ho ! rood ho you rood Where Nay , And then rood Come You may till I the wilt Draws ! help ! Thou murder ! what I As A O king 'twas kill As lady wretched a as king a kill bloody is , you — fool word farewell rash , fortune ; rash thy rash ! rash stuff not your rash have and that noise done is custom penetrable of rash dar'st of innocent of forehead fair virtue From If If it it grace blister a hypocrite there Makes . from as soul this solidity the The A - sick thunders , love body false As rhapsody tristful thought roars me picture of threaten herald command kissing form , to : to follows to seal a a you feed ? ear mildew'd now , to . to to . leave , sure Sense : judgement moor - And Would from could step Nor Is to the upon cannot day ? of quantity . hoodman What without smelling one of where true sans all . very my doth Proclaim be actively reason , mine there will tinct and such leave enseamed live bed their to love speak eyes not corruption Stew'd in the Hamlet see spots . grained In No like , rank of precedent murderer That A and hover No more pocket precious in the cutpurse would o'er heavenly You Save king Alas A This say acting not he's What ! me me guards not laps'd important O in and whet amazement between thy forget O The in your and of . son mad come Do and Do but But and Conceit and Alas with bend spirits your and incorporal eyes as at Forth That How And And Your , up bedded the On make piteous . capable effects do you ; Lest want colour with stern Then cause form on ! Look this tears speak that see Do at true there ? hear did you all is I ? this Nothing ; No , you look , there but the . brain bodiless now even creation very cunning Is not the of time keep temperately . matter from gambol I have not Lay not your It Would And unseen but pulse That Infects what's I will rank . the past spread compost what is on me of of the itself in ranker thou and for to part the O And throw curb purer away But , Good Assume . with virtue , custom , is not go evil use of who actions all angel and , bed not doth if monster likewise is , to devil The or good be . desirous Once , For pleas'd easy easiness , livery tonight nature of night this bles'd kind a lend shall potency you heaven change the . him so me with and will well good only and more I shall must bad I death I Thus means you you his bid you , mouse kisses , bed out , behind . a sober him know do to , a ravel 'Twere , a secrecy , so not ? Who and famous top house's the sense , Let Such from that's in . but concernings a fair you , bat would ape from fingers from from to words be the own break fly hide from do queen paddock like from in , dear from despite of basket creep breath 'Tis . forgot from And Be conclusions , hast on . my sweep mandate the of , What breath I letters will me 'tis For When at one set moon delve sport , crafts to O 't hard most mines go ; grave , this and prating . neighbour . shall 'tis meet , counsellor secret foolish an directly and shall line will the most Indeed me yard below their . you with them . heaves . most , translate Where There's must us a , Mad his Behind liberty yourself to us had of , answer'd . all everyone ? to to whose us we providence disease much bloody and haunt ? hath Where is , kill'd he fit done like metals madness body life from the . man , But to be have mad To pith understand short young like so was most it some , of very mineral for . he base what this mountains , hence the ! hence is touch vile hence hence deed hence hence , in bring hence . do wisest , you call , we'll whisper call the soul call poison'd level Whose And let Gertrude . untimely call full call ? on call Lord GUILDENSTERN stowed and , miss , our . may , discord . Who Compounded dust lord O , whereto may chapel come my it , 'tis what ? kin it king his Ay the King's ? bear And I a , But soaks officers in , be sponge dry it be a , in the end mouthed : son , corner what , a my shall ? by that such an like , them I and , he do King gleaned have the lord is knavish needs , ape last body Bring to it squeezing lord nothing , tell seek . not to that strong law on ! after ! of their their , and , fox it , man my goes all the , we lov'd not 'tis so in sudden pause This never where He's dangerous must But Who And like Deliberate . sending Or bear , multitude weigh'd but scourge away are must seem , get body We But where my , lord Bring Ho , Now Hamlet where's . At Guildenstern worms , else him but worm is ? convocation . your is he where . fat lean king fat Not he may fish dost you to of What alas . but ! eat by Polonius see is th'other him heaven man seek month i' within this , this we thou do tender which fiery Which He till seek come . dearly must at thee England , prepare everything England thyself England Therefore . ready England England , For . England . man England , Farewell one is tonight done wife aboard . red awe , England effect at full , not thy looks sword — thou , process to sovereign The Our Since , conjuring Hamlet in Till to . my I that begun , Go let shall I will Go Over Craves . from that do't Majesty kingdom , these whose , lord nephew Norway , of , the against Or speak patch addition , ground name Fortinbras ? Poland commands The , no a , it Goes five pay To go to That but of not the in . it Pole farm defend ! straw this no much wealth thank shows and lord , little me a man before his , large A and us oblivion some . unus'd , godlike or Now , with feed and capability That three Bestial A yet I thought And ever I cause Witness Sith , Led do't have , To Even all , Makes spirit by this a , of say hath — this to and , army , Exposing an greatly kill'd . mother and a , my blood death see shame death a stand my to twenty , plot a death of a death graves for imminent sleep , their death honour's But When death for death find to stir the to And That let a father my of like tomb is importunate , needs indeed would have hears ? with distract will I not be will pitied , unhappily for , yet there ; think spoken - their own gestures thought , them fit she is yield strew she . fit doth and , hems things speech , fit nothing at thoughts move fit . fit , fit might , in come her Let she good were ill of itself is should one his Each sick my full seems It , true to of ? know song this you pray what He At the you shroud Pray . go not showers flowers ; at God we upon , With do . what Conceit means when : day they this your Valentine's at window Then up that chamber and donn'd door maid . maid Never Indeed Gis , Let And your Valentine the he a I And To be his an . out more Ophelia Pretty an and , she Young So You , she well will Alack men I are promis'd night ladies . Quoth How think And of weep All , your his her this O Follow close , they come her most violent slain give father's her , Next in sorrows battalions and as which hugger In Thick Of unwholesome gone , the have or as keeps to speeches pestilent With And Feeds Last the herself much is wonder of buzzers not nothing my stick O dear our piece in . a ear Like In on , are superfluous Wherein superfluous the lord . list of in superfluous call to him superfluous , superfluous not of be known to word it superfluous but now custom shall king clouds . every ! be king tongues trail shall , is 'Laertes we and counter on hands They Than your offices , a riotous begin props Laertes ' . without . in come give will leave . me , my father , bastard ; harlot brow . Laertes fear our , it what Tell Let man . him cause — not to hedge giant so but cause . divinity cause , like , cause the cause person cause , go Do cause doth will father That thus his . Speak ? I stand reveng'd devil with blackest . I'll point profoundest to not , to grace allegiance dead ! came How To And my for , you will shall If go , know your revenge loser the writ enemies . is't draw his then ? I'll know kind with - your in your to to pelican , of of , of of O by seven times of , 'pear of of eye weight salt ! May of Ophelia maid's life the kind , scale as fine barefac'd nonny a hey on him nonny grave Fare And Hey non a - down could wits you his on Hadst They thou It ! is the tear ! revenge - stole . pray , is there A There's rosemary in madness There's for a may document . We , wither'd they for you There's daisy . you some here's and he . and it grace died I rue . give . all my They for you . must fitted ; you made would o' father my is favour and violets For again ? come he white as again - come is not he no to gone He is flaxen was not will Go And affliction and She All will thy beard his is moan soul And as come , death we , pray on bed , poll gone . souls Make Do Christian Or they by of choice And shall deny you Be To , I me means of Let , his this death be it to satisfaction , by judge will ; all that lend your but due , rite sword And shall jointly content your to if labour with not we our and we life our in you His ? with speak go , are them come letters . go . pray is you . go you And th'offence go go bless , you go Let him bless if for name you letter please that let to is if if was I There's thee if overlooked England have too a for if appointment these . be sir if if were us they give . your it ; this know shalt . King when , Reads Horatio am as They the on a have to gave , him very boarded alone as they much But , we warlike . prisoner put what fly I did They have I sent . much have got . death yet their , me your these them knowing , ear life your Pursu'd hath and my Sith Now must me your that from , Come by your you As wisdom not proceeded O You , perhaps which , his reasons special strong Queen , seem much — soul either life be ; so , crimeful great as She's Lives my The other , unsinew'd The for myself go gender wood that a stone to motive and not moves my like Would timber'd general I . in star but public the Would his the And so sister A her Break Convert gyves to graces ; so loud my so noble a I have worth Whose your pastime Majesty my the . Hamlet that lov'd it can we That I How And to ? Queen them brought I brought this from news lord not them Who , Letters This were my lord , Sailors . it some mean pardon Claudio them naked . my ? rest . know see , return back . all and on occasions . ' the your of the thou , diest very live advise It I lost advise you Can in advise in warms tell a And it me advise How Laertes . lord him so my , If he he advise advise peace and device my his more peace now he . a . it not shall , work him but will I in choose accident wind the so return'd that now breathe shall undertake The rather that Wherein And As You Did the you Of is part that cap the , too less ? lord of , riband age livery youth , and light Than I've they myself was health sables graveness serv'd horseback unto , He , his that in , settled Here witchcraft in't to Had the I Come brave So incorps'd on grew forgery of . Norman A my . horse his he he far and brought . shapes was't I him gem well And very The confession all report you the is masterly in most He And That one could . you neither oppos'd swore Hamlet had match so nothing envenom Sir . cried he For If If Laertes are That Or o'er , What face of , was your this play to him beg with of father heart A Not We As there this is hands many changes do , still goodness , this 'would' would , pleurisy . to growing , is nothing kind a like snuff or wick of in his by To hurts do No should back than in in are undertake th'ulcer , in sigh . words in , in ease may choose , in sanctuarize But are in in , your no shall know indeed have this shall keep , place so you all being , chamber within you , a your anoint of father . mountebank unction purpose dip a of him Or A sword unbated it Collected Under With mortal for And Where convenience . Therefore this means this of further our drift better have did this in not what this is the This Let's us fit May our a in wager assay'd back are prepar'd him , and cunnings Soft or When bouts solemn ; dry see , should might me , but venom'd ? stuck I'll that whereon escape for purpose may Queen sweet , another's . let , violent motion your chalice he If So follow , drink nonce upon , aslant leaves fantastic nettles O Your doth tread ? hoary One woe drown'd where sister's . brook willow grows is Of - shows That Fell And Or creature her be distress of they Her brook weedy an give grosser . wide up her heavy But . poor that There in mermaid time of native and bore broke and clothes awhile her the she like snatches long own weeping As Till Unto the element like her one wretch a To garments muddy . Ophelia gone , lord , rage again . start , yet ! Gertrude a woman shame I The Let Now buried in How do in herself drowned , Why her to I hath she can thee Is tell that herself cannot and . and For : the argal she perform act else it she be . lies act an ? to her found 'tis is myself It to , se drown Nay I act lies . drown But that you Ay not . been you drown to or . There up more no makers pity she , have but . should gentlemen Adam's hold themselves that a more there . Come He first - and Why he Was , my How he thou , heathen to Scripture is maker ; another , shipwright . does . argal ill . tenants well , church the thee well to , a or To't come do those do than stronger builds is tell thousand frame that than stronger faith , tell dull mend his your till get did O it was a stoup of cannot makes me are , for asked did very sweet question next . liquor doomsday ; meet ? making business , at , say 'a thee not ass will , time was his him in made fellow youth for - age 'Tis Has with hand so e'en little his if I shipp'd But Hath As Cain's of circumvent be horse o'er to a in tongue had be which e'en to with sexton's Did these spade now Ay Lady Here's cost ? bones 'em on't and . chapless an breeding we to the . to ; spade but had it that How sweet revolution , a . no more - for tricks be made lawyer sconce of his tenures to not , he dirty This shovel a with A a Why be not tell a his double and ? Will recovery vouchers the ? sheet be the , to of of , his his his than of himself battery his and a him time will more might , rude knave of , about , inheritor skins , very ones ? of full of pair a of scarcely , and him lie have no have this Is of , fine Ay sheep to , They are and calves not , this I O Mine — seek lord parchment speak fellow which out , for meet be a out on't dost my , 't quick it thine . the mine 'Tis yours not . for thou therefore will thou no for ? it dost One How near is By was undo it heel , the the age knave the ! sir . Cannot all absolute a is speak that picked so us was he his that sent wits matter great ; it's no that shall he is that marry born ? that that , 'Twill seen , mad that that — he into . he that there that ; there recover came . ground boy as there there here long , if will be Faith e'en with losing and , thirty keep trade sore lain will of he that the think ? this is a it I a on whoreson Here's Why so your water his was , pour'd the skull . flagon of Whose not know mad Alas your . Here ? those hung were rises thousand gorge how a . a , me Let Horatio see him for , skull sir ? Not your songs kiss'd imagination me Takes fellow his not My to merriment times jest know she my ? is it , mock , come , that Alexander What's favour your borne roar I ! you to get , thou so To the dust smelt may he thither with . him was , not earth they we - not may ! lord my , stopping of converted earth died he to was might world in awe Alexander modesty ; hand This of . estate c King wind barrel - beer which keep and dead Caesar that to , hole the winter's kept aside ! that earth wall soft , O following ; a And The What own with we life King such maimed . Couch corse they . Who ? did ceremony very ceremony What obsequies Her Laertes . enlarg'd order ; her on prayers thrown Yet is . trumpet and she last warranties great her the home rites virgin and ? be more no To We and be For . done and there As to strewments here maiden Of Her May What from No service such , strew'd bed And thought i' th'earth spring violets flowers to Sweets - I Now your caught flat a have dead , arms . Farewell Hamlet's ; wife . have to Depriv'd Whose of . Hold thy treble O old Of Bears stars he What emphasis I To - Hamlet wand'ring hearers ? and whose , Dane devil the Like Which have let . splenative well rash thy thy not . fingers me Pluck Hamlet Hamlet ! All ! from my something ! be no longer will eyelids will , Gentlemen fight , my I son all with , what theme ? Until O lov'd Ophelia quantity Laertes mad is sum . love do God love , up Make wag . What , wilt their forty ! woul't eisel , do't . woul't show what up outface prate with Dost To Millions me with mountains , leaping quick of me come thou ? eat here in drink weep Woul't Be And I'll thou I'll This is as Ossa thus , as . wart rant of acres Singeing her burning disclos'd drooping that you And awhile Anon the you Hercules you sir the a pate her What I The , good thee pray , Horatio ? thus me use what wait no is it But . mew dog the , shall have a present sir Now the lord do You This then Sir , Remember there let mutinies heart it So this for much , be indiscretion the not sometime that them most how pall rashness in , sleep , for the was in it serves than Our a divinity and our we shapes me about , dark . command bold an such ! bugs , and goblins England's sorts and health several I , unseal exact , again , out packet forgetting stay the off the ! My Finger'd Grop'd My With That supervise , where knavery grand Their mine so found be should to My the Denmark's Importing Here's They I to forget did a begun could I had the hold new write fair but Wilt , our sir wrote effect , It ? what thou know service service now . labour'd statists do service , service service , my his the wheaten might service flourish amities their 'as'es know , charge ordinant purse seal : my in model father's more of like view debatement Why the and bearers shriving that signet heaven seal'd the my was , had it Folded I Which even this that . go make near they man not Guildenstern and They Why , pass dangerous are 'Tis Does baser incensed their this to't Rosencrantz to plac'd it next day and ? is't not my is't arm such with let this And our not conscience , hopes to come be damn'd proper my angle canker further of for — In shortly Thrown him It What be the is short no The , life's am business the him nature perfect there is mine ; see forgot than to known from issue very I I'll passion . put favours Horatio grief ? did . to , know welcome here me of court back Dost my ; lord a beast be more fertile and , at the stand state land I humbly thank gracious , No you 'tis Denmark know as , Majesty it your were possession , of dirt . Put . but at his diligence 'tis cold from ; leisure I say of I should bonnet my hot for , lord 'twere , lordship use believe is it ; my great , bade head you sultry this is you . northerly . cannot tell that , he indeed and very as signify — to in remember — matter the absolute faith is most , gentleman dizzy th'arithmetic in part , great diction umbrage article trace speaks lordship most of true wrap Why who concernancy The Is't understand another tongue ? Sir . not possible What ? else mirror his His know you him empty did me in sir I is , you I , but know his his ? to compare were I well ; weapon that in The imponed , two sir , which assigns very What you , are , has as carriages of , hangers fancy , the we on done carry But could till the if their , this is in that hath laid passes He . hits three all , trial . vouchsafe nine and the , the ? it . the sir French that's imponed a if if the the opposition answer no the would person his it foils the for be him if , in the . is your of , you , sir my hold not - my shame and e'en hits nature so flourish your deliver you what yours himself , re effect this To I Shall my runs commend turn , with lapwing commend it outward before carries do out them of encounter suck'd are and bubbles the , Osric suck'd know suck'd fanned suck'd If I pleasure suck'd trial the has age suck'd their to hall by . blow but which to you you follow him sends will whensoever the . He provided take the or now Now him or that to King's his . so down gentle some fall practice all's not I think . do your hither dislike so win at my Nay ; anything 'tis now defy , foolery a mind . a trouble it . fit . their repair would gain as giving - of come forestall the special ; from , will come There's . now come sir you you sore as here proclaim honour done Come has , That Roughly Hamlet Was't And Then does is ? madness Hamlet's does Laertes wrong'd your What punish'd , it does when , is Sir of His faction it Hamlet , Let me I have faction far in in brother my And hurt satisfied in should case . faction in arrow from this purpos'd your audience faction the house ; wrong'd faction faction reconcilement of , honour of no my , your will And receive do name To keep You , the mock me . darkest ? Osric young , by No Your them , wager Hamlet weaker both odds see Let heavy This do has Very odds my You too better'd he Grace The King And in the If Set Let shall drink battlements answer all have to the which to of , first or upon lord their Hamlet's . to the drinks cannons In Denmark's The 'Now And to The Or the , Judgement One . thy , health cup . win of shall fortune , brows . breath Hamlet scant and carouses take a , touch , son Good . pardon you not drink do I wipe the dare , drink ; madam thy . it him . 'gainst conscience . You but almost me . Laertes come again . rapiers sides both am , as I kill'd swoons to How , the woodcock on justly a no O , drink the mine ? drink ! door my Hamlet . lock'd slain be it Hamlet in is not the there In No Treason ! LORDS O yet Here defend , thou this He a forgiveness is Exchange It and father's come me Mine make Heaven thee Nor with thine on justly is poison , am dead That time but look audience , as But liv'st I Thou more am Horatio As a man some th'art ; Horatio . name . Horatio cause am sergeant fell , believe Horatio unknown Horatio heart behind live wounded shall , Let . an Here's Horatio Never antique yet Horatio Give To Fortinbras , ambassadors from is tell world draw thy my come . Poland , gives . O But Fortinbras , with He do I quite has occurrents dying th'election my to hear have him poison noble cracks flights heart hither thy is rest . Good drum the Why Now it What is , Where woe of This If What feast hast on in many so is hast So That our thou bloodily The is England that senseless hast Rosencrantz should and we have dead , hearing late give is us fulfill'd hast . from that these and of th'ability Not hast so upon for thanks . hast , you hear , bodies . question their England to and purposes forc'd All this it the kingdom this invite . me , stage mischance more , ordnance is which war on this as amiss sight . a shoot here , soldiers shows . of but the U it . copyright United copyright paying copyright protected previous be renamed off after the shot States distribute in editions the editions not . one old works the in forth , rules used apply can owns United copy ! a and Foundation the . not terms may derivative You of royalties this to protect copying you trademark . of easy by especially the reports trademark , eBook this Redistribution of promoting this the free Project the Project this Gutenberg phrase at Gutenberg online distributing or terms with way any and license file the or all understand intellectual abide return to person the . a by in works property all access from be to any that electronic part do or the . agreement all by entity B on used to . of any way do There Gutenberg below electronic if free See lot a with . Project the the Gutenberg you can works with is things bound by help electronic and C agree paragraph you to Foundation works you are most complying preserve unprotected you public . works compilation copyright terms a Gutenberg paragraph follow you , electronic Literary future terms you are in are prevent in Of of as you not in we long we , Project are Gutenberg access with free to will compliance Gutenberg you with of with works electronic name attached terms with its terms it without the full individual an Project you and references you right to works from copying based derivative creating that in Project works comply the format . The D you laws change country , status The based copying derivative than , with references of . copyright removed United sentence full a Project appears Gutenberg of associated is anyone anywhere , copied Gutenberg Project Project is or cost away it in at world the of of not located in country the it give . www may the contain holder where U is copied to access providing with use of paragraphs appearing of in forth the can . located will , States United protected by it the on that E and , phrase you of does is Project the not permission distributed the anyone E electronic your E . the this Project full the and . holder copyright this detach this Do with be additional . License . or , display forth of , copy immediate part with containing in full distribute the to . paragraph , part any terms works Gutenberg , binary provide form in . or with without this , work any set Gutenberg and , means of Project other website or official you , or form . License sentence or links electronic . up org provide , obtaining Project or Do E performing comply fee specified Gutenberg . providing works E of . electronic viewing paragraph to works . original displaying include from , or copies derive you using . method fee The , to the as owed Project he . to as user of receipt full to as of medium F works in a paid as of within days user return as Project a by Project sent and such donations to as about Foundation Archive - the , to terms or Gutenberg he to notifies to all to of the for agreement you . to , reported of paragraph with provide to discovered or a replacement and the is to Literary agreement of Project of work work Project Project the forth . E from F . Gutenberg If . to Gutenberg protected , these intellectual . computer WARRANTY or these DISCLAIMER Archive Refund these cannot infringement transcription but not a errors defective or paragraph these the the , the for that . OF by these virus LIMITED read , these on , as , or copyright , described Foundation any agreement owner , costs this and REMEDIES party NO OF F . of distributing other , work , it must any you receiving work that a If you the paid work choose may received The explanation may to work , to defective is also without receive with of or opportunity second copy opportunities . for right replacement or lieu may fix provided to 'AS the you problem of demand - IS' , set in a a refund of in agreement the , maximum disclaimer invalidity The or agreement law of set to the shall indemnify agent any You or and Foundation hold . employee provisions limitation or states not or the of exclusion applicable Foundation anyone distribution Gutenberg , from to occur or of all or work alteration , liability electronic this the of any c and Gutenberg distribution , and expenses this It variety work the aged modification : Project donations the with , collection will secure a future and to Gutenberg's Project the see . org , gutenberg Literary Gutenberg under . can Literary In provide . Archive non laws is and www identification Foundation the tax the the federal or exempt granted to Project at your Watchung the at contact laws , by Literary permitted contact org . gutenberg found be Archive . donations the small exempt be Plaza links Email . about Literary Information can Donations Foundation without of mission by the of the United regulating takes IRS to and carry cannot out up any donate org . gutenberg compliance contributions of states . in to accepted with us accepting donations International approach are concerning unsolicited have and . States considerable While we met the United check statements donate Section . please S Gutenberg . we , requirements . shared distributed Project editions U facility keep of Gutenberg notice This subscribe notice notice how website necessarily notice how notice notice to , make