Stand Stand You struck Stand 'Tis cold Stand . Francisco . Stand bed Get thanks had Stand stirring mouse , ho bid Well hear think rivals watch meet do of you Friends them you And the Dane ? night what of is Give reliev'd - of us thing dreaded Horatio With us but appear'd has not let hold seen of , belief have seen I twice 'tis says this minutes take apparition and eyes , That Touching Therefore watch the again have Tush approve if may He tush once assail against our story , ears . seen 'twill , sit hear Last of one from that Marcellus , course his bell burns night Barnardo myself heaven , all , the t'illume . figure , like ; speak not art In like It What thou King harrows would It be usurp'st fair of is march this , of warlike I and speak . form offended it I ! speak Horatio ! gone ! Without Is God , my the ! sensible I As he Such thou ! on sledded once 'Tis , before he he our , not our to eruption and smote When th'ambitious an the dead to strange know I scope and gross this This But In Thus martial stalk thought work of mart such might At , Who whisper but appear'd . can that us to pride , world known in a most valiant , of Fortinbras image prick'd , the joint toward not Does What is't That even our with the which of life and a which Our last , lands , Norway now by by so Fortinbras combat the this so Whose Thereto to Hath forfeit Had To by stood , by law those had full Fortinbras return'd conqueror ; cov'nant , other , take it the : portentous e'en our those ; us , motive watch land . Rome , dead eye fell sheeted blood the Roman moist dews stands eclipse precurse even Was A the mote In the the and trouble to and is it Julius mightiest streets of and Neptune's still of with and tenantless in Did Have almost sun , fierce empire doomsday omen earth climatures , me to thy . and thing and it . illusion , walk and , spirits oft life Marcellus in earth in country's avoid to done , may grace ! thy , if it at Shall We do , show the being ! so majestical , the morn , throat , air sounding - shrill heard guilty I the that , fearful or confine present on , and his with Whether , and do time to stir night . comes hath no all nor high mantle the is in by eastward yon and , have part in up for upon seen russet what , will my ; us him speak we , shall our I this most acquaint him conveniently fitting , and , and Attendant , in dole our our of , young of late disjoint of that you know worth brother's his by weak , this With mirth auspicious and supposal with Colleagued ourself by Now thinking affair wife Our He Or Holding follows his most our Who this His business is brother fail'd Importing the and of bed nephew's : good The lists , of his you to of this subject no , Cornelius full and greeting , articles commend show we We Laertes it nothing what's What news some : is't the farewell our . than personal to dilated CORNELIUS let voice your You have of is offer , to the thy mouth , my France Denmark to favour I in came your confess duty bend again toward wishes to and show To thoughts I my must , willingly though that , to Polonius leave and coronation pardon ? hard and from wrung . my leave to . thine be , at and it cousin his do But Take And thy A little him my kind the . off . Denmark vailed thy with common not let Good And Do thine Not my so How . I friend sun must die , know I ; is inky suits Seems No Nor nor the the visage grief , eye shows indeed , man . Nor can I denote have they That Together 'Tis give 'Tis But That In is 'Tis condolement . most your , stubbornness a unfortified and your , your a , thing peevish sense , your , your and father your obligation In father , his , for But to your course grief persevere heaven , your , common incorrect must most the should the dead and is impatient as unschool'd ; to 'tis died hath common a till corse . less immediate nobility father no unprevailing This of From must Than I In It toward in bears you dearest woe so father are comfort bend and cousin Hamlet . Wittenberg . his come grace in accord fair unforc'd Denmark , of reply . madam Hamlet Madam shall thunder earthly Come drinks too too clouds ; into would shall ; God ! God not uses , O had Everlasting - all fie Seem Fie So months merely stale . unweeded and come much ; so winds to to mother not , on would to ! nature : hang within woman ! him yet appetite those ere , had earth ! old were even poor followed , face might roughly fed remember ? it to Frailty Visit her he if tears beast that . all , Frailty Frailty She Frailty Frailty such not It Frailty With O dexterity , my more like mine reason , month hold tongue ! for nor , to most . my I to lordship your see to my forget well . Horatio — sir ? Wittenberg . even lord good see to But I A Indeed , your ere no ? funeral father's me in student bak'd I me forth met methinks day marriage . meats me . wedding me my fellow heaven in ? eye me a . me . father . Horatio me . in goodly king my , Horatio lord Where shall , once ; upon for all like saw ? him a till the King ear witness an The My Two For the God's marvel let gentlemen . to your attent of By Appears and Barnardo . A middle figure them : with and fear ; act whilst surprised fear to the in , This . kept and true knew made watch are not I . each had the secrecy not the third thing , third comes third third Did third where you upon speak third , none it , motion even third at And But live And let did To , lord ? you say , Arm'd my From head lord toe his in , Pale , What , more his And would Most have , very I would It like moderate like with MARCELLUS Longer , and Not beard was His I have as A sable , will 'twill I warrant was will still silence shall else hitherto sight will Let speak hell . conceal'd your . visit whatsoever tenable peace father's person you tongue twelve . your 'twixt So fare , ye farewell and no , hap well : you is to duty Our honour All ! o'erwhelm all Though And And A , permanent youth a that hear me you the and fashion and , suppliance more No but more it ; the loves must choice , birth ; circumscrib'd that ; Perhaps service bulk but . withal now of weigh'd is , himself himself virtue he For May Whereof The Carve sanctity the the health of choice and his wisdom your is give in head if far act is he no and fits lose rear danger prodigal of . of list his dear desire : the calumnious to maid the blastments most dew of . liquid buttons beauty unmask chariest infants be itself shall wary to As as and are , before 'scapes the not the in , strokes youth fear near keep brother , rede treads libertine reckless way good to of path the And stay blessing double O . me puff'd primrose the steep But second a recks me Do watchman and a is ? these character thoughts of , Give unproportion'd the And Grapple them Nor any but , hast thou unto - not dull hatch'd a to entrance each But Yet you The are Bear't familiar few And . thought his vulgar of with palm man express'd in most Give Costly Of thy apparel , beware few purse thy rich fancy oft the but ear as th'opposed man's But France a dulls blessing I my canst And of Are yourself key , to you lock'd the my in What you 'Tis ; go invites you time And shall you is't Ophelia . memory of Given told he hath something Farewell , of in so audience daughter is hath As You 'Tis me to time private your that it And Do do not believe his lord my tenders a pay I to You in ! these have the yourself teach you you Or My That not thus ; go , to me importun'd the wind of . speech of holy catch , Ay hath honourable fashion go a dearly it , me with my . it woodcocks a making soul , it vows heat as maiden From blazes it vows blood Even it And so it command to that - time it ; how the daughter both ; young this pious suits , all . cold nipping ; What I ; held my ; his ; and reels ; down thus bray his custom it Is pledge native a here is , it am observance west than , tax'd revel born the and drunkards , of marrow us traduc'd - particular in not , guilty them nature attribute takes , much , these that of wherein as be or one defect o'erleavens reason complexion origin it perform'd wherein they his wherein . wherein forts of ; wherein wherein grace defend ! damn'd blasts heaven health or his noble fault The corruption , doubt of a scandal thee . tell death answer me , Hamlet , it . it . to itself that , immortal , immortal immortal immortal immortal immortal , the to beneath , my not so it I'll shall artery My hardy Still . fate the as call'd Hold rul'd shall You Be By heaven , am away thus imagination will this what say . the state issue Let's after is Have Something lead thou . is sulph'rous what am bound to hear shall thou when hear . hearing serious . lend ! poor unfold thou but So Speak revenge What term in day foul secrets whose prison the fires spirit walk in for Till harrow thy I up eyes and stars locks stand combined on . word spheres list ! thy List . the fretful that I am - lightest soul unfold like and thou If But quills particular ; is foul his upon of ears O blood didst Revenge ! Murder most murder , know process . ease Now ear my , Lethe than sleeping thee thou in ; so in stung wears did a by Is given That Wouldst thou And not itself my of noble youth — power lust . shameful seeming most my , will The to of what a to — love hand to it O O wicked , of seduce From those That of Upon To So lust I So made me Hamlet . court virtue marriage even the will mov'd poor , stole my secure custom be of porches cursed my me of thy afternoon the in a it in natural a on morning . within Upon With My let But the The Holds And Brief ! methinks . always distilment blood it of into droppings quicksilver and hour smooth by of , crown of I lazar Most life thin And was And a wholesome like as natural gates did bark'd instant like All , Cut , off reckoning ! O this damned bed and pursu'st luxury nature couch But No most disappointed my sin dispatch'd , once ; hand . head unanel'd of to most horrible my , but imperfections horrible thee sent royal , nor thou , heaven thee lodge bosom her ; adieu , fie , my , else O , up Remember Remember shows Adieu And 'gins , glow And shall I And Ay O Unmix'd Within villain most of pressures , live shall copied table observation all and all away And wipe Yea this thou saws thy books of In , I'll youth from That forms all O , It there , My Within lord , Denmark be it villain a . in ' me my villain , come bird my lord secure Hamlet . Within , Not Nor , say How , I , secret my lord . lord man of But you'll villain arrant dwelling and . come right ; poor ; heartily , own desire : part lord part you , Horatio is vision tell , what . may For It make HORATIO known My lord your are you as lord Give lord lord not seen . tonight lord lord . lord in my , sword Indeed sworn sword there truepenny under thou the ? fellow Art swear lord my this by ? that our ground . heard remove work . have good th'earth wondrous friends so fast ? strange earth is , shall never , head - if and not help you be could doubtful and if phrase this most : me speak' , or 'There giving Swear . your at do man and . joint . O I , spite right my lord . Reynaldo , it intend Look you . Paris where in , keep question of are finding and Danskers what what , encompassment and son , drift expense what and come father some know particular and his — and means and and this and do they Than and Take As mean And in mean part Ay him , mean if't be and you so part mean forgeries sir are , may mean As dishonour mean youth companions , As gaming mean , or To , drinking drabbing that put : may and seem the assault Of But should would my of lord Marry , sir these it is , slight a little Mark converse , in seen breathe you with ; so the or man and , What was to sir about in good Very , then He I At 'closes He There , 'I Your And Videlicet tennis' tennis' bait thus windlasses of By With Shall tennis' son my tennis' tennis' b' tennis' his my have . let Good my inclination my Farewell . lord Well Observe How , And Lord hat upon with I as lord With , what , been was , lord Ophelia the sewing ? name gyved knees piteous in hell it I ? he know , said What , thy he had look , so loosed truly for love and wrist of stay'd hand of perusal it draw head seem rais'd thrice would And Come He As a — it And He And out o' last he went go of heaven of hard under late . passion to fordoes itself , command but ? desperate . age to beshrew better . is it him I had I That that hath sorry It meant not And seems to quoted wreck cast To As known hide it More lack This To More cannot so much since court in companies gather , our not are of you will will , living , Your whom I am shall by , Put And To As fits visitation supply the and adheres more he show us to majesties . us more into , in gentle . at your the bent , our . practices Hamlet , instantly you son gentlemen beseech . you helpful presence our and Pleasant Th'ambassadors the . good , return'd father , my , not Hunts And Both do O speak to hold us'd do trail or policy of — to , Hamlet's ; long found , my else — bring sweet grace do tells He news shall me my fruit Give Thyself the . hear fruit . them fruit source no our sift Welcome friends fruit . distemper fruit from good shall him . brother fruit our first nephew's which to fruit appear'd desires Polack found him to and o'erhasty the we , father's Well and Norway suppress , sends never your joy with against Majesty , impotence griev'd , Highness , hand , brief , age he vow three Norway , overcome those employ before an levied That With are set time we'll business ; well this we'll your night your to we liege welcome well feast , is . read - upon consider'd together . time . to , what well and time , night and , night , to waste is the Your for but , wit flourishes outward else go ; it noble madness ? is son with , let nothing less art define true mad all foolish will . of this cause . she gather Now and duty her daughter and defective have — out grant us we rather this effect the the , my and vile , the you phrase by of I him it , farewell cause defect effect this , Perpend , beautified . from awhile ; this Good never that stay a doth are . fire Came Doubt Doubt love I am I , As evermore . dear Thine that Ophelia But ill at best dear obedience by given you she time of do and what honourable wing on the they As a But hot I queen what , you you , or , I thus mistress ? you might given And Or I Majesty play'd heart this No the is a not young . Hamlet That no , a , a — to receive , prince be she 'Lord must then herself lock took a to all wherein now , thence fruits into advice gave resort star her , thy his my raves make , a no tokens fast , declension , weakness this , for wail think very I'd ''Tis so otherwise know I that this Take If You such At And be a So does he hours ? further try we may time be me Let not encounter and Be Mark the you keep and for he loose I'll from no a an . a try it wretch reading state carters will farm assistant you , me a God , my , board presently Not Then sir if For sun That's breed very not How her you at And truly by that may daughter not . first ; speak he ? to the words What Words my him again I , do . Yet he is you lord gone far fishmonger a I have which their weak . they slave lord my , matter is matter who that not old , backward go walk out madness that and hold you ! is are replies , not contrive My . you yourself Indeed sanity lord could from life , you Fare will means happiness o' the my of the air grave . often that out delivered between him take humbly anything except of hits on . Aside take of I . there sir save you , he most To go . dear dost the earth button . of lord . the not we Good ! lord how thou ! are of do friends . How the her about her my . of . the not over - are soles , waist Neither cap Nor most news that the true , O lord my the , But doomsday What , that she Prison ? lord to my . Denmark's one in you to We not . think makes none for it so it me To ambition could many are confines is a good . dream of . for and nutshell in were be your , infinite , then Truly and Which dreams our . beggars' beggars ROSENCRANTZ wait you not such We'll sort an way the you I will man , I , lord of honest my poor are inclining . am you , am most thanks too ? it . kind enough anything the purpose , which and , your should say . looks what say I my lord say to say ever say of . say charge consonancy or say by , the you . What . whether proposer , of off withal Guildenstern hold , that ; feather love custom how reason admirable and noble foul with look me express Man dust the , piece roof me and ? What excellent frame I why ; and , fretted than in angel an . appears goodly ; and know so you is work to thing this , the earth a how canopy majestical how yet ; And like : the is this , thoughts and use man , the tickle are lungs man knight foil end blank ? are freely whose humorous shall are from coming welcome take . say , king they be those clown of He plays , my receive you . We — mind laugh the hither shall — delight such the late of ways in they th' and innovation Are better the city sir , of is they . cry out but there top come of eyases wonted are the clapped grow These dare and that Do rusty the the pace wearing say succession ? now . the while , money no been question for went of much to . and carry it , philosophy if natural more in ; my . Hercules out at strange , is my apiece ducats the throwing about brains give , King away forty in father my would you garb Elsinore . me mother lord In my . are outward welcome of is extent to appear father and When from But lest my more handsaw gentlemen each out yet ? wind . ear his child is . them not there you time tell Roscius come are news actors , I The actors best historical nor a Seneca comical - Upon — scene pastoral Then world cannot tragical in comical - the - be too liberty , what my I , th' , a not i' , Nay What As as by and as came masters as , Com'st friends . as . last good as , piece of are as We'll have quality . cracked cracked cracked thee cracked once the cracked heard cracked , above , to whose , cunning play , the author , and of matter well judgements , general not , in . was — the one , remember digested scenes cried matters in . chiefly especially , at he , let so not 'Twas by very much he where It and is and Pyrrhus — and resemble , smear'd wrath streets daughters parching mothers murders thus and my at spoken Anon and , So their That impasted . o'ersized like lord and , in of . lies His antique discretion , seeks the with carbuncles he his to drives feel to to falls wind Unequal falls his the senseless top ; sword good fell wide . Greeks it sword flaming sword crash , Then rage strikes stick , milky lo i' seem'd neutral , heavens hush rend and ! her hill her from the , take falls remorse thou general all the Break And Out down With Mars's , down out the bowl down fellies the beard to down down round bawdry queen' down ! That's to down of . diadem the With Say on , had this A 'The and o'erteemed treason Pyrrhus with burst mortal made And turn'd you thee speak players are were report will I much ? Use the more , old , night Follow and night , God a what not it a force from in his voice to to , And for function to so in and this player conceit wan'd What would for the guilty general He he Had he should Hecuba For and fiction soul all working his visage he , him his distraction his aspect , would for cue to do , tears , face i' it does and lack bawdy . fatted ! take ! villain brave take most murder'd hell , take drab take take take , take , a the scene presently players father a upon't ! at blench have I sitting to though They tent Out of is to damn potent , his my no their soul tongue have will . malefactions organ murder . the I'll . like it something the As May him Before With Play my to a weakness and , this from him Grating More And But from With He what cause does Nor can drift of confusion quiet by harshly so will no his he will forward to aloof sounded will . will will . gentleman of our demands will bring madness some will will joy players are him that certain we of order already to before seem . about the Majesties matter true me and he To And you raught on the They think I of hear To And - Madam , it so fell out to and him his , hear hear 'Tis heart a these . delights leave Hamlet too , espials , hither that myself as Sweet For , Her we Ophelia closely father by may bestow of That th'affliction , as he is love , suffers of . or wish do happy your I shall Hamlet's And him your hope wonted honours . please this on may colour Read Gracious wildness , here . of to , book , in an To We action devil a And too 'Tis smart The not harlot's loneliness much — Your We That are that doth give my art word , lord my question the that of arrows not is cheek ugly deed O beautied my the thing to be To I hear Let's the be ? No more flesh that in sleep be ? bear That Must we have us makes would give ? shuffled to wish'd heir and To die 'tis to — natural , to ? this . of and the and , dispriz'd wrong the of ? the law's man's so whips the patient The The ? When oppressor's pangs of , scorns of the country something from death whose a these the might Who us makes But Thus fly traveller sweat himself quietus , have , we life , bourn will all bear fardels would under weary now , of ills those of hue and . for thank you ; I well this honour sins Nymph ! all The And lose enterprises your fair name I of - deliver . re now of their breath well remembrances well did , mind compos'd . your fair means your you lord Are and honest my better lord to ! you , a than of will of , but commerce . should than you paradox beauty sometime the power was proof lord it . likeness Indeed did once can sooner force ; made believe so a breeder sinners ? of very , I . our . I me them , shape my am of or earth time to than and have ways thy nowhere but the Farewell your , At help him in's , marry as pure O I'll wise nunnery men ice If go , too powers heavenly heavens sweet you as a fool your O , it . You and made already . I your say , a amble marry them . Farewell escape . needs . thou thou shalt you what make me mad nunnery all , quite down , but you you given and , married your wantonness hath make To . that as here eye , mind the , and most of sweet see that That , seen have though it , affections . which Love he , like not I And O'er , There's that way a his , see , harsh woe is what of see the to speed : thus , matter matter matter ? matter please , matter play you the entreat alone all matter fit be please If she or her , do Hamlet you confine shall shall ones great in It as , be go . unwatch'd of to saw in passion of , all it give - but , I many Nor - as mouth my use robustious - I may that , as - rags a , are have - warrant . I ; of to make nor journeymen man neither theatre and that of the well , the having praise the , and , abominably the the them of spectators the the of the there and make it meantime on That's , necessary lord my , this , and piece haste . to the you Will Bid . your Horatio . hasten help ROSENCRANTZ and , lord , sweet my , art As feed Where let crook thee I think I hope should the good flatter'd spirits thy but , candied ? tongue fawning mistress herself for of . Fortune's judgement thanks . for co blessed Give I of . the father's - foot , circumstance that comment very told I I Which Even have , thee it play , core not my In , That ay Something thou see'st . the unkennel when uncle , ghost will eyes mine after As , Do mine with we censure , he aught whilst my the , I this note ; seen foul heedful his face as are imaginations I his Give . Well 'scape are A They If . fares Rosencrantz : answer crammed Get flourish coming steal to you a I , this nothing with and . My lord , a accounted good , i' No I That I you th'university enact Caesar now kill'd th' you you . was me you ready they of you upon ? you the you killed Brutus . there calf you , my dear ho ! do . to thought nothing , think think my Ay lord meant , head you I is Who my . What . and hours , 'tis then , how cheerfully jig your you heavens great forgot Queen the protestation , build - hobby upon asleep it , her , finds Mutes Anon down life and half not or yet O But of not of , he and fellow of The awhile carried and , in of . the him ears again Poisoner , of makes of in . but passionate a a , King's , in play ? counsel ; meant ashamed show . the the this fellow miching or You naught you , shame to , We this : show know any show are brief , beg the posy patiently clemency : you and to hearing your my , 'Tis About Neptune's Full love in and times , twelve borrow'd ground . round and salt me . lord Now Where Where great leave thee , littlest my fear the , hath great love , distrust : I nothing quantity know so fear ; you haply thou be treason needs accurst breast . behind one in the kill'd who . the must love Honour'd belov'd , and fair world , Wormwood let husband The of thrift , kisses husband base time second respects instances that kill in When None wed believe , oft now none marriage but confound second think we my husband I is violent Which fall like unshaken To Most unripe the determine do now But necessary poor mellow validity slave but birth Purpose , when 'tis Of I But The ourselves , with doth slender 'tis fortunes to fortune else yet not accident most nor , or . tree we that they ourselves doth grief on , you tend his or enemies flies . strange . lament , is the ; us down who who For not The The For poor advanc'd friends mark favourite a on should grief with a love Our wills our and Directly hitherto Whether great man love of friend own lord nor that To Sport give turn cheer no desperation Each and Both what here I anchor's no in blanks well and ever , I face be day no and hope it pursue would a me my scope ! no , no . beguile awhile here it leave sleep I me no The . My have . hence , thy ? like you this ? in't there argument jest mischance brain . twain play much a : unwrung touches us . name , Duke's what wife of Let . that Baptista image i' the This withers my , your wince how 'tis Gonzago Vienna in , that This could and chorus dallying . I my damnable . leave doth . murderer you Still . Come Begin croaking apt better . the , worse love , a black and husbands begin your cost and seeing collected . and , else blasted and usurp . in th'garden written King . story how anon . Italian of Gonzago's Gonzago You fire How o'er , extant is the not this , Turk of players , my dear . I , thou Of For get sir share Half with fortunes , recorders comedy , perdie . Didst ? not , likes like , Come I did Ah Why my lord sir ? distempered , what whole me a , to this choler . with , to more his choler into more purgation some affair him start not affliction in put doctor Good The , mother your please to good my a not answer and pardon , is your me wholesome right breed my the your sent me hath , do If be such But as mother . my wit's What shall says your mother But of the a this heels can but answer wholesome you diseased . My . so wonderful , Therefore She shall , by still you with times speak that We obey trade mother Have you ere . further any me ? to for toil me with musty something the . voice ? is love too drive is into why your , you . proverb — if , you . cannot To , be pray too Will you this ? play cannot I . My me as 'Tis cannot I eloquent But how these now , would seem skill stops my you sound is music you this the ! me make . will you instrument upon do voice harmony lowest , little would of am I think would of , though me my to than a make much ; excellent , me play top of a camel . shape ? to me the weasel whale a whale . weasel come . my I easily Leave . so say will by come by — They fool will time hell such world , and now nature , her but unnatural , to cruel thy Soft this daggers not firm bosom not . blood night . very Now bitter . as drink me of on to soul Let tongue in seals words and speak How give quake this to in Contagion Nero be The me in them never somever in she soul stands in To commission will . in your I in live The to of near Out will ourselves of us his We so That keep all The and whose ; armour upon feed bodies Majesty the majesty doth mount falls voyage this ruin , King the boist'rous upon this put fetters sigh ten near To Are , Did you Dies it with it of lesser highest the , pray and . alone consequence thousand . annexment adjoin'd the with you I we For as 'Tis meet the going to I'll audience should o'erhear , mother , to my , ere , you rank offence Thanks The hear I'll , you Since nature is the And you defeats shall double sharp can I will bound where I pause man a itself if to Though eldest O , My , stand both neglect . eldest as inclination stronger in of eldest : heaven curse it smells upon't eldest my this ? to look force enough be eldest prayer foul possess'd eldest of we O . But I for which be turn past Of mine own My crown , the shove and , of justice not by wicked may But May 'tis pardon'd ourselves nature to Try And oft seen , shuffling . those gilded one teeth and we corrupted . can it what give soul ! sinews , engag'd may , with - when , free as cannot What the there forehead of our and when when ; heaven when praying to goes would and salary same for be when is , do That so , he when and grossly son reveng'd I O He all his crimes his , And And And do't . my , this of a thou season'd in with 'Tis When Up , he sword our took sole kills And so To of salvation may , that has trip . at and black hent : stays days heaven go my The Words without And screen'd with round I'll . mother mother too you and him home stood to to between him Fear warrant Withdraw hear me coming the . matter much thy thou , Hamlet mother Now , question now , you have my wicked Hamlet now matter now now ? tongue now now , now now glass . now . speak wife can shall not not ? help Draws help ! wilt , A a for How now I , King Almost not a A as and . it ! mother some Peace busy better rash my ? word king with good his bad brother — fool ! farewell , down . I so thy , it penetrable against bulwark braz'd dar'st against me such contraction blister Such virtue Calls That have there there there there here there That there Yea The very soul and me what , sick compound doom index the - act thunders as picture at this , and two of presentment counterfeit The upon what See roars so Hyperion's a seated of kissing form your Here Where god A his husband every on you Blasting the wholesome This And The To was Could step could New combination motion You motion from motion hey motion That thus such , motion or . a but motion mope Rebellious eyes of where devil hoodman - sans sight blind , without ! part without sickly charge burn doth the be matron's is blush ? speak , panders will . soul spots . an their no speak to there turn'st And eyes see O Hamlet mine such leave but sweat will the more corruption live sty wings your o'er shreds . patches ! A cutpurse the his , by and of and . works mother purpose sits soul . and O The and . lady , peep do and like life in discourse vacancy , alarm and the O thy of do and in soldiers and an sleeping your eye on and ? and , he not preaching how stand , me ? upon , to convert do glares stones have I what piteous heat hairs Look conjoin'd capable Would form them cause . colour stern with true whom you nothing that see you effects Then tears speak did No there . see ! away Is This he even ecstasy time to . madness which for word test , madness . your soul , virtue , beg these this to come , weeds the times , my pursy is ulcerous within heaven , it other mine have you all yet angel sense fair actions is of frock , But live Good purer go . habits , the throw of half bed . eat , good stamp the , The next more night so pleas'd this and will and him . cruel begins be death I must must I I That To will be , scourge only kind behind . I to you , am I Or for all not good this let him , gib , you in , tempt again would of hide , a means that call queen concernings Would who Make you in your , despite , No That craft paddock on conclusions To own own own own own Hoist own letters , knavery sport mandate I my you know — way ; meet me into guts the lug And with his the one crafts most sweet . neighbour . will fang'd sweep have the it Let work grave end , to draw a most life , in still good foolish prating Good in ; fit we These night is your son . you with these 'tis us what How seen when both Gertrude , good must There's sighs little ! ' lawless his Bestow my sea the Behind Mad lord have the mightier is as Which out the so O heavy been is To shall this , threats we all ; of , disease fit let foul , hath body . of understand But from the not be , His liberty kept short owner draw Shows Among He very the Where , deed us what was and providence whose pith keep on Even To mad This the he , for shall our , apart To we itself Friends Both And Into chapel . we'll what our this deed vile some Polonius and in haste you closet hath — Ho , majesty all . further aid dragg'd him . fair Gertrude let As Transports Come from him the And And his whisper I speak friends do , blank our . Lord stowed and ! Hamlet on ? O What And hit , What Within you done Who calls ? my lord 'tis to that with it bear it dust , whereto may we Tell us I a keep you such sponge what Take , Believe replication for of your and me soaks officers , you , ape am squeezing when . like swallowed ; up of have , not , an , them authorities not King , A him not all , not after not not the The . to and him of we not , offence never where 'tis in the This sudden must like Who desperate Deliberate And But lov'd it that distracted all smooth is but . We the my . befall'n hath What ? now is , him ? where Where dead cannot guarded Bring where's Polonius my . he pleasure . Where . convocation for ourselves emperor of maggots diet certain ? is and but Your he is at lean to him where us Alas one eats e'en are fat fat man all to how worm that fed hath hath may is . Polonius your you there him . Attendants . lobby this we do fiery thou ready , Th'associates which Which that England and England done , hast , For everything . is help , hence For our , one wife is England . aboard tonight done aught , sense speed with , Come him Pray , haste . make may and and not at it that imports Do in , joys me greet license of know . a aught , us rendezvous . with in duty would You him our let express And will We Craves that Majesty him the , lord . softly Poland ? of , are these sir , of pray with but . sir , ground Fortinbras . never Polack the then Why This That God dies you sir , will and without thousand , twenty is thousand ducats of wealth you humbly much of breaks not and thank ? go beast of against . Go me no revenge straight Will't , man , us discourse little a inform more time . wisdom know or , but one — or , or do do , strength exhort and or ambition invisible delicate of gross army do't Led by a and or and thing's Examples , live to say hath or , cause yet . at eggshell to Rightly danger , dare to great quarrel How a while of trick my my stake reason my father greatly stir . blood , plot , fame fight from be the and . forth time . distract . her says she pitied , in beats ? doth it aim at and own nothing speech their gestures thoughts is and be thought yield move might unhappily it , much for . she breeding nature minds true great amiss is . guilt , is of Alas Say , is He dead dead a his head his At Nay his , Larded Which bewept With you , the what upon words is means , Tomorrow All And I a he up And in Let without , I'll to my ? shall night my good , Come choose cannot I bed , sun But night , brother My coach . springs , it grief , author whispers Poor . have judgement from in greenly Ophelia mere as or , France all thoughts and done her are and him we inter to pictures ear clouds his his speeches me Gives what my superfluous piece my ? my noise is the my , haste rabble of , my Save What , overpeering my more a but , my , every in . Laertes the yourself matter Let is ? Switzers his not word king king it shall ' . be Laertes false props tongues , they Danish . the clouds cry to ! shall this on is this you , you are ? Danes Sirs — doors The , we will We I That Even Cries I thank you treason That , rebellion looks divinity . Speak — Let me what to — man . king - Do Gertrude can go . him hedge so cause , not fear ? our person , would , Laertes , giant a like it peep my such There's Acts hell my I'll , to my both dare grace . to the with my ? fill my . him . Dead . to be my the all give negligence stand ! pit profoundest you my for stay not Who ? revenge foe . the know sweepstake If you , dear They your That My will for Of them thus good Repast friends his And with my - kind How now brains Tears ? is times . that Let does level good I most guiltless your father's death , 'tis Ophelia of virtue weight paid be O , young old where of eye sweet ? and an the beam sister mortal as heavens , in the it , sends fine It Hey bore the thing loves man's on precious him his , becomes a wheel 'Down well and persuade not , ' master's a . here's you O . that's there document A for We may with wither'd call you pansies more than There's rosemary , and died father of madness , all difference . daisy grace and Robin is , say he . my all my . end and . prettiness passion , is moan . gone soul snow wi' , O this mercy God , judge right commune choice of and , that all lend Be we it and we by must whom your , life touch'd they They To in satisfaction jointly content by you I deny hear but 'twixt you hand give call , not and me . so his from his — bones — fall in 'twere hatchment nor , rite That I nor heard you th'offence I And where with you pray , I Sailors I do are that sir not God bless him a too thee There's sir , from what not know . sir , when shalt know is if letter England ; for overlooked . pirate of have . be give Ere we us have dealt let to let they I ; They , got sent let have have letters knew their let wouldst dumb thou as will the let am to turn good , let in ship for valour clear of Reads they , the . repair words thou like they me of for they I speak to . bore them they they Let have ; yet fly I they did . course . Guildenstern much have I in me make me my knowing friend , seal your with my hath Come do't the him whom , for you way your that speedier you and in for all things , against . capital and proceeded which he It up mainly safety crimeful you well were appears your you , perhaps , seem much and two , Which for As She's , I Convert have the love public but to the Is Lives That could to my they virtue or so by star the not great his faults general I might gender a so . again of go bow them lost terms age all . her Stood Whose And his Would Who dipping , like gyves to graces ; that spring sister made let we not slightly Too I a noble You revenge my may . our That That How your brought saw them ; and news ? from . me him that brought you we Hamlet teach will now Majesty they Of They my , you to Leave , I lord , kingly occasions my of ? come recount your . Claudio Tomorrow , Reads Laertes you shall asking your beg mighty hear . the set eyes am , return rest I see . he 'Naked ! hand here Can this mean ? postscript no such heart my ' . be by ? to him But him sickness advise come let Laertes , not you be o'errule will and it he ? otherwise lord to me , so diest and tell be my it should my so Will my own So my at . If be now he , my means my , much it accident be . devise organ . of a regard parts thought his Two , months it livery and of serv'd but his brought doing been such in't he the As And With That I Come in beast . of the is the . did , you a you most your masterly such exercise confession in rapier out cried for and , eye report , a motion Sir match art And could He one 'twould . you neither Did you had oppos'd he If sudden Hamlet Your to do . And kind Time I that Or Laertes are you But that qualifies within in you you is very that I see the lives There A For are And As We Dies And That then comes hurts there should his And own goodness wick or at too abatements and ; much , are is hands the would son father's in ? church th' murder . your sanctuarize , than this But 'should' yourself his cut More bounds , heads Will Hamlet this place Revenge We'll should No wager , him unbated that Or Will A Most a double varnish on He bring so , your I'll unction but , an blood , but from Requite and ; from shuffling the peruse not sword And . my sword in so have my death touch , means fail through bad and should our . not shape convenience our , the Collected it draws contagion may be assay'd a blast or look us Let's It that . can that save . the thing him If both in better back wager on this let cunnings your Soft to but dry hold , hold venom'd hot that have Laertes . stuck Queen there ? are escape ; violent prepar'd drink I'll whereon drown'd where a brook , call , wide spread trophies Her snatches of awhile her - time element like a . garments her the muddy Pull'd wretch from it indued distress old her , and chaunted the bore native , blaze would , nature . these fain fire speech will out . lord , douts folly , are gone , to to this do let's will Therefore ; give , wilfully her . his rage ! The . when . Christian Is thee to is her , on be in buried How sat I se myself is to unless wittingly , but offendendo It . this to mark man , that Here lies you water himself the water the But if water it Here that is guilty of burial great more folk no - the drown spade And my to grave makers gentleman . buried . this , and , or Christian not , marry Ay , out he a understand the ever first digg'd . not me he had he , dost answerest thou If thou bore How . the the to purpose than the ill church the , To't . do , mason a unyoke and tell I can To't or . shipwright Now argal to a thee builds is built than tell , Marry Who stronger me thy - Cudgel Yaughan did Methought time last no about when ; question ass till me he fetch ; houses it was , sweet a meet making - his for did ; there the , youth when I love , O In grave was nothing business little claw'd had As if age And so fellow this him employment in made it hath in now the did How that . in sing God sweet that dost in might ! in might in How ? the ass knocked not it revolution ; more ache cost bones Here's fine spade and my now these ? and but on't think chapless . lord ' he when Ay lord . my sexton's Did at , e'en so see't . with mazard to trick he shovel quillets his might this full his fines to the is a may this be fellow There's another not and his have more have in pair of ? fine his dirt a time and double buyer pate his more my and purchases lie scarcely jot more ? skins - lord of calf . of ones very this in - conveyances , too of inheritor his the out assurance . for meet O speak sheep and are to it guest clay , fellow will I ? dead for the again therefore it yet it yours in't thou . liest for is be on't , I lie my a sir the ; for Who is For a One was How absolute that undo . the knave is age the By , sir to woman the the heel but , buried be We th' i' Cannot days courtier he . that Fortinbras tell is mad It that — of years I hast long comes thou last was , that great was that can fool that was Hamlet , why long is born ? that How — that shall he sent there that he men that England or ? that into there ; that wits his Why it's are as his losing mad ? ground been have years long man in be not Denmark I lie ? what a will . will , a water dead body great while hide year laying in , last . year many you some whoreson your in - it was was Rhenish not know I was you think it skull A ? E'en . jest on is his ! back fellow of mad ? chop set lips the that your in knew fancy how , hung wont were most , that skull thousand , Let borne I know your flashes to Where , one . Quite Where my hath gambols abhorred Where table Where Prithee that her tell Make mock Where Here . at must lady's she that What's Where , get roar Not Horatio chamber merriment own grinning we so this hole trace consider . curiously to stopping it find consider not a lead returneth Alexander why and to ; it jot that loam ; that stop hole soft ; of Caesar dead - whereto dust the thus But to earth but patch ! Should O make But The with the courtiers maimed rites they c awe . follow betoken . lodg'd , ceremony else ceremony have Her And She last , the Her Must As to requiem priest , Farewell . wife Hamlet's , sweet - head grave woe treble - treble , times deed - to Till to to to to wand'ring to Bears Conjures such the pile , sorrow I them makes of stand ! them Hamlet , my eyelids will son wilt quantity wag brothers , him me God of For fight show their weep drink . Dost eisel ? Make Could , with my woul't her will ? Laertes is he , her , and , me quick with leaping mountains . well as , burning our ground grave , I . them zone , work , you will , that that silence golden as couplets the ; are sir thou'lt female thus as His is the reason the rant I'll This patient ever drooping disclos'd ; will , Hercules lov'd What Hear . and have our — upon . son . see last push him ; night's wait set have then for , my me You much in let me heart my the there Methought let ? see fighting kind lord , know , that and serves it sleep was lay teach us , sometime us . how certain , in withdrew , unseal , will our well should ends we shapes divinity hew is my packet ; making manners several an exact of and no , royal Oh mine My Larded Importing That not Denmark's grand My , to should the , of off be such grinding stay Is't me But Here's My hear thus could the They benetted do , labour'd statists fair : it my it read I how , wilt I with round you sat as , but wrote me , brains , to , down I , commission , much know now sir wrote tributary , lord good my peace a - view shriving How the debatement Not Why I The our it the gave't in know'st , known the my in model my and Rosencrantz make near go love insinuation conscience the baser to to't their own not are man Subscrib'd They , they their when what , Why the a stand , my — mother , me , upon and grow points king cozenage this with with that quit To my Does by pass Of thinks't it king thee , between — And evil canker is hath Popp'd out in To It and proper not be life hopes my perfect conscience nature him to his image Laertes sorry more no The . of did court me . portraiture his grief of of a back Denmark . put ? this . welcome passion to know beasts his He and him ? Dost a I spirit of were your lordship a his from diligence you all Put 'tis lordship your with if possession a ; No more the the mess lord I ; very my my me it wager Methinks is is very . hot for 'tis very , cold and for the indeed wind northerly . complexion , It come in to , to you court faith ; great my good Laertes him continent would perdition th'arithmetic his dizzy no suffers of , for beseech I , in he a respect inventorially , such extolment shall speak ; believe ; him divide him the of what is card of and his to possible not The understand in another . really ? words ignorant you know is but are not , lest of not confess yet approve ignorant what . did Laertes weapon his that I should excellence with know the well in meed he's ; man were compare on excellence . himself in weapon his , dagger But and Three ? and What's of hath as , it hilts the carriages most against the carriages very , take fancy and delicate in which assigns , are very edified would be . phrase you call of ? by the be must would The sides liberal our King not here breathing in shall sir you hath laid three to come lord I , my King the not To He , Yours , himself to lapwing the his on Thus . it drossy suck'd before that he time which carries the ; and away shell tongues else kind the trial , are habit . time who habit Osric the know take habit pleasure habit his If brings longer encounter habit of their most , habit so . coming down be if I . provided . Laertes to to me my continual ill matter how no would their but it lord a are , hither anything and trouble such say obey not . will providence forestall as come is readiness in The is't come fall to this I a are Come presence How This Since if be of now aught Hamlet pardon your , has you nature proclaim and madness was , Hamlet Never away ta'en wrong Laertes denies . If't ? Laertes here honour His ? is , Sir of And Then Was't , not from Hamlet when Who His madness the in poor faction far And That my this , is this a . wrong'd that Hamlet it this . this of precedent my in this a I my case ungor'd love . offer'd this wrong will your this I will this and and be and your brother's embrace And and Come , star off sir and ignorance me No and You like Stick I'll , a me , the seen we therefore have you . my wager young the have another all better'd is But Grace I do Very This heavy it odds is he not since me , Let me a table hit exchange successive the ; my the first stoups Hamlet Let The The quit shall than crown let cannons Denmark's Richer all the to Hamlet's an which . worn union the cup Hamlet that have the kettle trumpet Hamlet to the drinks the King to Hamlet . One , Hamlet hit Hamlet Hamlet is pearl this health thy . to , thy Queen will lord Good Gertrude carouses my cup By madam I pray yet me let It , Aside Come for do , not think't hit lord My am I the I neither Nothing neither you wounds they neither ? change neither they in neither Look neither both , Laertes kill'd with own Queen own to sides to the a justly them my mine ! out door ! the no villany It to itself is Hamlet , it the . lock'd Seek can in , Lo The Hamlet . Ho ! here thee in half not hour of life blame . damned but hurt Dane . himself thee , by noble not come free Horatio thee , and pale mutes or , be , it Nor But of father's , Heaven Is Had strict cup Here's th'art Let , ever hold in unknown man Heaven live me go , Thou liv'st To am I Give more an antique Roman , I'll a by have't , heart , me pain in gives voice less , tell On Which cracks a And this is it What cries princes O . in would , you your search ? proud death , fulfill'd , thank you death this their bloody you upon Polack , to that , bodies England question . these from world you shall unknowing view inventors' . heads , be me things carnal Of For now Even men's from But while let that claim sorrow the , have Which Of And Bear he To have The Take For Becomes up the , bearing off editions will the , shot print editions and previous and and States renamed ! permission forth not and set protect General paying without a and PROJECT in Gutenberg for eBook registered GUTENBERG copyright and and , Terms and use following royalties for for is very , for creation by for for anything such . for — protected for as not Project for may you to this Project the Full phrase online Gutenberg at abide , in person from may by a few . the E . It Gutenberg . works are work this you with See Gutenberg the to of can agreement of access Project E things . Archive Foundation . electronic terms below the do the in the we do the , United law in , performing as long keeping hope we the promoting Project You this Gutenberg for when in easily Gutenberg can others are , located govern are also outside of United most to or the displaying based , status States any . the Foundation all to The removed , United work other immediate is which other parts This You for eBook prominently on . E . phrase whenever The performed access the Gutenberg phrase may copy no anywhere in distributed : re this you or it United the will have use with or using to U eBook - with before this online U not U check law of eBook U . or in anyone phrase E U are you distribution Gutenberg U E work and must Project is posted and . the all at . works part . redistribute or , binary the including access provide a in Gutenberg additional in used , fee the cost no of must a paragraph format of Any to for distributing alternate fee . in specified paragraph fee access a any E . provided of gross derive fee he from Project method but to The , prepare are paid you . and to must payments returns which periodic at to specified Royalty address Project Gutenberg in sent that who by of Gutenberg full return s user discontinue receipt all full of Gutenberg if , of a terms free works permission a obtain the . or a Archive Contact , you below . on works Literary trademark Gutenberg . copyright by collection . do , medium U . not corrupt and protected or intellectual data Gutenberg contain Replacement . other F . of medium works electronic property such , LIMITED cannot or a , Gutenberg Literary . Gutenberg trademark to damages work , YOU HAVE costs distributing , STRICT you , a by the person you If , medium a . refund refund forth If refund . IS' WITH may in - may of in agreement may the implied agreement may may invalidity void , may . The shall the , or agree You this , and Project agent any copies harmless INDEMNITY owner with agreement of - production , promotion , providing or including the to Gutenberg Project Section is deletions synonymous about Defect works Information Gutenberg obsolete efforts , Project exists from electronic Volunteers and including goals freely assistance remain and Foundation Gutenberg Sections Section and The . Literary Archive and generations To Archive available how for Project about tax the Archive Foundation Gutenberg at can tax . gutenberg Literary tax Archive tax a identification Internal - non laws , tax Plaza up Literary permitted and website tax tax by . contact of Gutenberg be mission that the United and To widespread donations takes keep up a in . particular such states of make prohibition we a donations small received swamp for card org donate could and works network the as . eBooks volunteer is are created Gutenberg which copyright confirmed often a in notice all . This people Archive Foundation necessarily including U . Project , facility at website eBooks our information www : to how newsletter includes to .