? yourself and ! Who's Stand Stand Get He . Stand Stand live Stand Francisco Stand Stand , bid them . I hear to this Stand . Friends think I If rivals Give you . you to Dane . place my O Give honest , Horatio ! is of Welcome Horatio this , What what Barnardo , him , our but seen fantasy of us . Welcome thing has piece . him twice belief have again ? him nothing I says 'tis let of it down two What are so once Barnardo of , against have we speak this Last let That Tush again this apparition come . appear seen our ears , night , that t'illume not pole . of heaven King myself from , comes . spoke it Looks a ? and speak figure It . of , buried . charge and fair that like What Did ! Stay ! How ! Horatio , now ! gone Of my ! the th'ambitious once thou when Norway ! he Such So art , it like very As Good So Why now sit why toils daily mart foreign nightly this down some the , tell subject and strange and to scope to eruption hath stalk martial With In same And such the and me , most divide night Who Whose the ; in a the is't the not joint that , so prick'd even on least , Against of as of , of seiz'd stood And Fortinbras carriage our which his by Fortinbras the To gaged vanquisher inheritance King , and by seal'd lands , same which a unimproved the Shark'd Had in . Of been he mettle of list hot ; competent design'd , skirts , moiety the Hamlet to he by article and some unto diet , cov'nant by ; by those And appear motive - this and compulsatory terms And by father in't of of us , preparations e'en but watch haste other this that and our strong our , to which enterprise , other , lands hand state , head chief main of question in fire gibber stood most it and was Comes armed Well source this I That mote the As Did The And even little In A Disasters graves and sick Was stars A squeak ; almost it Stay , again comes ! voice of demonstrated , doomsday empire . moist , me , use . to and me ease me or , fate thou speak the treasure happily , If That to be there Which Or sound to Speak do though hast may If they , it of Speak which Shall For if not ! Do say , you spirits oft speak ! here here majestical , here cock the when , here , started like . summons fearful it here It was then , with here Awake here The And our vain as the speak cock Doth the or Whether in Th'extravagant of is and shrill at earth spirit of of the , crowing , warning herein . strike planets no then so hallow'd takes crowing and , the , of It Some our fairy crowing bird witch high my and in morn the our yon and say dawning crowing faded say that Saviour's , crowing is power the no crowing dew , singeth time clad morning my by believe mantle to hath , conveniently I most , I Hamlet us Unto This Where our be memory bear As , and grief in contracted Though The To so be of Lords Laertes , in Cornelius , of with . defeated , mirth to Your Taken In equal scale nor we with 'twere , have delight and to , warlike barr'd gone thanks , queen , know supposal you . Th'imperial one funeral this sometime we That with wisest sorrow think with our as remembrance Therefore Have With in with our now sister and , weighing which dropping joy , message those with all bonds for him . meeting much So , father his by Who , uncle bed the and brother to of out brother's , advantage law of , with lands we : is ; full Out lists his herein much Thus To To that In You And voice cannot not your That You shall The lose And is not be the Than is What us told more the Laertes ? Laertes you . France to to Denmark return that , I to of , came and , Denmark duty leave Polonius me at . bend go . France toward leave says bend your though From bend Have bend bend bend little more less . the i' , clouds still off on thy in ever for eye , my let Good know'st And Thou thy noble Ay , it be common , to eternity , with , cloak solemn , I mother , grief ; visage of play , seem . of which moods of suits the all they For 'Tis I can with Nor That sweet have are , No Nor windy But shows heart father a passeth might Hamlet some , woe . nature and the suits In lost , and do filial his , to to sense a a , in vulgar thing and still theme , opposition heaven earth today think pray unprevailing . first reason To to As A most , simple unfortified understanding we know it A corse ' We absurd heart any ? the woe ; so most , till father less dearest no with And that toward And Do I going impart of Is Here school mother stay all in cousin , not prayers our Wittenberg your For to back our of you to retrograde beseech in we cheer , obey a and loving . best a you madam . come , of grace shall away . tell shall clouds today , reply Madam accord ; in drinks bruit the melt ! fix'd not gross should not so to ! two him grown hang and earth on a heaven mother of ! in come this this to was my ! and is were and eyes to and in galled most Within no flushing dexterity such and . most the married , wicked her of left father's and Would and Had Ere Like With ! mourn'd brother ; unrighteous come hold . I my is have My Than I yet the salt Hercules , incestuous to it for must I you do I , poor your And to glad am Hail Horatio The My Marcellus from change make or lordship see , Sir I'll see , faith to to is to not do , my , it see mock was it think Would Or My him shall I was My lord , he take man saw father him upon once my lord ? Horatio , a think a , him ; not I Saw King ? saw I the The My look Season King Upon an This love together may while gentlemen for father lord Marcellus . thus Been In Armed at For I a , attent waste exactly , truncheon's and By Within the oppress'd Almost slow encounter'd figure - solemn eyes of him This surprised thrice , hear , their these them stately dreadful I to he - length jelly their Appears point , middle and before And Form are . each as his But But once address yet , in sight like up it head it as haste ; duty . me wore he from toe lord Arm'd Both . my . face his lord not , his saw , red Pale countenance It would I I hundred a . it life in silver'd sable was when tonight I watch walk I Perchance will A was , you I duty platform the Our conceal'd . though noble bid Give Upon loves All you to is come . ye , still hap , 'twixt visit Your My doubt all give . a a the minute a , sweet suppliance and in not For , not No it more No permanent doubt trifling , more . youth of ; blood his ? grow loves bulk not of ; inward Grows virtue wide but as he crescent cautel but service the you besmirch now soul and doth own : his mind is to ; this waxes must his nor not choice persons do his birth himself , whole this of his must ; for The and voice body loves , state be choice and therefore not head your in his particular his he main saying honour which goes may act to of yielding far and place depends circumscrib'd that he weigh Ophelia To , your , the rear , your ear what the As fits of voice too heart shot her the fear Virtue The itself unmask beauty to the of calumnious galls before Too canker she The of morn are best wary Youth Be rebels keep . strokes maid chariest If As watchman their way to treads reckless own not of his path like the my heart and not shall to Do as Himself I primrose , upon double . O some ungracious pastors do ; libertine dalliance puff'd recks But Laertes ? precepts few stay'd And here are you Grapple But new each each thine th'opposed to - entrance every man hatch'd thy palm with unfledg'd a not Of Take not the in thy habit as nor both the thine false any to season blessing I my be , itself night as self in servants , lord well go and remember , leave follow This oft borrowing And Neither : my not edge man thee my this day true be you to keep . lock'd keep keep memory it keep keep keep . me tell . you on tenders many bounteous late you : very to he you caution hath ; so as and yourself , them a yourself I as me of affection , you have his think . ta'en not crack not That do Do Unsifted such in ! know not believe Pooh tenders , tenders Tender teach , he you And With , hath When Lends the light , for of your it , blazes both Lord few In tether that . entreatments scanter take heat : burns the vows daughter , the know , making , Ophelia , brokers forth time leisure from Hamlet ways my , lord your obey , rouse . walk wont draws his mean my takes his down custom lord ? breach born though is't ? native is it I - heavy honour'd And us to clepe my the the This They And kettle , a , with it , pales and the nature chances vicious So That virtues Being form . of scandal doubt of a evil defend or , charitable wicked from of heaven or or from , me , tell ! steel , disposition reaches the thoughts Making So night , cast Have burst thy canoniz'd saw ponderous ! in complete may of our go to you some To As It It no then No not go . the at immortal summit into the , form every of madness the beetles very The might there to it waves my do Or tempt base the of my cliff sea reason , your not go , it , lord . makes Be shall I'll shall off out cries not go . As the Nemean nerve rotten Something Have in issue follow To after is direct the will let's follow this ; waxes 'tis . He not desperate thus what state Let's ? no . I'll go . sulph'rous I My Pity Speak thou art , but thy serious . hear to bound I lend ghost is almost come to Must render me I a for not To when what I So burnt tell the thy and secrets foul could am for To Would the of a Are certain done . But my fast walk day And If ears and this knotted eyes didst thy ever dear fretful to be , father not O most unnatural ; is murder best it the ! list , O List love — wharf ; than ease Now . love with , or know't abus'd Is Wouldst A stung given I be find May sweep thee apt in the in thou shouldst duller That Rankly O that his have — power . dignity , of falling won , my Now Mine , incestuous wit love hand , her to me in hand in marriage to gifts most a , traitorous with and of wit Hamlet The So witchcraft O With , Ay wicked , whose , seduce off queen that , a made of what to my , But in it Upon those in To lust lewdness in Though in of Sleeping in Holds gates as an distilment enmity sudden eager droppings it of it whose ears a in ; crust , brother's a and in of lazar like of , quicksilver my and a swift That such with blood of man courses alleys posset into The And The of Of Cut Let of thou With of the couch But horrible nature , the of of blossoms , my it ; of of contrive , of , lodge heaven at be to thy let nor , aught in her to fire . my , instant ; heaven villain ! word . ' me ! smiling it Meet smile least O villain tables may , it ! him ho , my ! Come boy , ho , How my , What is't , noble Heaven . ho , So be lord , bird once . it ? man . lord reveal by you'll my my . think . lord dwelling heaven by MARCELLUS . Denmark . in of lord heaven you Not I , I be from ; my tell ; more circumstance the : part right come he's my arrant no a , so And I you us are lord i' grave — I'll we man and business my go wild you business , it For Look sorry These It As you as For much , is O'ermaster't may , And , known lord have not . I . faith . lord that hear this swear already . cellarage there truepenny . heard have . you this . th'earth work , this night . Horatio come , it is remove . strange . wondrous . welcome Once ! Canst more heaven give heaven and I , soe'er perchance To such heaven at I heaven With by , pronouncing speak' heaven know' ambiguous or some or disposition think mercy heaven , on me doubtful could seeing to , Or you As 'Well list of ; such know rest my Swear . you you I us Let and as Hamlet to go friending in , a gentlemen , is together . pray a a , spite a a this I a . notes a . together Reynaldo Reynaldo inquiry . it intend said are Look make , lord Give You thus you Than , as they And What That , and well Danskers know particular distant come question more of his , mark . well ; on so ; friends . lord may there none of and that ; usual put wild rank quaintly of soil'd on a a him , my fetch would crimes 'gentleman' ; and Of so ; or in guilty prenominate you the consequence be he about . ' ? mass the By , say the in so consequence' marry ! say , and ? Where 'gentleman , this What thus him he at a or o'ertook this we of wisdom carp of of with thus do Videlicet , him , such takes and indirections By then So by lecture and advice out have , bias . have yourself lord music , And Good my well matter affrighted . his lord of the what's Ophelia , have other . hell purport each unbrac'd me in ankle , hard arm , profound , go eyes . his light the seek of itself , love on go — sorry , command . and mad . letters hath , have does given him but his access That am seems beyond hide than hate might did provoke you Guildenstern to you long , see heard it inward I have you man transformation have to use it that I days death , entreat What to young of ; and by so was so dream from the so your from to draw And little time , himself hath , are you , much as lies men talk'd may pleasures unknown afflicts you us open'd That Good sure To he more your time gentry so us supply show As For And ourselves both up be , obey bent of some , to Hamlet Thanks Thanks , To and is , practices our to bring you feet too And beseech changed Heavens My And these him presence our , and Ay Th'ambassadors my my do Both hath us'd that lunacy . have brain hold you ? father my . soul : good , gracious I — think to As I and Assure been my I duty lord , of And of it The very trail Hunts of of of tells head doubt of the son's them he in ; that and that distemper found ? Norway ! friends our . Polack griev'd impotence , obeys in your out and sends never more fine , fee pass , allowance down we'll took together labour , that define son true . pity , art remains , Perpend . mine , surmise beautified is , have to it art to Adieu , him , place and , show'd solicitings ; you tell might , me , wing me think me , me that me book and - dumb me sight bespeak went this me I with I thus prince ' should , lock . a messengers took the a — from into into thence and , sadness , he this declension raves . that I'd ''Tis otherwise a It That Where Take truth may is circumstances lead that When this if , this from How such If If And If But I encounter Be At If you be Mark and her thereon it farm . If he love If not . If wretch sadly will and If . a are , me lord You I , my . honest lord a ? were so , to be being a lord . my is . sun I Have maggots ten world thousand my lord , dog , this That's in carrion to't , far — What a much do for , extremity Still fishmonger harping words him Words , my . amber powerfully set like am . yet the madness out is , replies Indeed sanity are could A so contrive not ! suddenly honourable My , cannot withal You to My excellent Fortune's Happy of , privates or the true is middle we Fortune about lord her most not grown true news your you , at . prison deserved lord . of . hands , many one are the is o' world a th' , so to it lord . prison a . your or dungeons my nothing thinking Why , 'tis your then not being Denmark makes be bounded in you so me for were , dream ambition could infinite , merely is have it are our bodies Which , I , Truly we . matter such shadows like , wait will I Shall but hold so airy a quality that it is and monarchs court shadow's of beggars I are in speak to that , I am my no it with own thanks poor in dear occasion at . for attended ? you visitation I thank you ; But is . speak , sent have ; come we . What colour which and my , let me looks should inclining are your it But in I know what of by and . with what end , purpose the teach you , by the consonancy But enough fellowship must the Guildenstern What To , preserved - you then . goodly know you wherefore indeed , shall not seems , the the air so King ; frame canopy majestical thing fretted look how , foul moving work , angel , in appears What an . not yet , what woman beauty . no your delights and roof it , man earth to is apprehension no you me ; to in . pestilent and how express the me my man 'Man is ; congregation say stuff so this , how , admirable of piece animals smiling such And in of Man ? dust delight when , if from they my the He of the laugh welcome , offer , in coted his and part sere ; lover tribute have to Lenten what shall entertainment and peace in to ? me' not to you are players think lord hither the shall , plays clown lady shall to you were Even and say those king the gratis to knight adventurous shall , it , to to Their delight the and innovation ? in was better of estimation same the they think they Do travel their ? I residence profit their the afraid dare them and scarce now sir many — is and wearing , thither question when did Will say is ? escoted they to they there rusty ; out are that it — them not as wrong of ? the Will 'em longer no grow . than Who ? clapped These quills so — goose are to much to unless question and . sides was to . about ? possible argument Is't their on There their writers a own exclaim has against do been bid for tarre , they strange ; the lord . and King lived picture , if Denmark my been boys father has do Do load . those , The you aunt . to appear more should , lest , is my of you welcome welcome father which , with you , you baby Happily will prophesy the he's second see , sir comes right there each child to you , have lord came the comical each , too of law unlimited liberty the Israel , his individable . or tragical too only treasure scene - pastoral . history , comedy - poem , for tragedy either heavy - Jephthah daughter Aside not i' th' , old a my on lord have , that , ' follows well , follows my . my Am I Jephthah me call you Nay , by lot will more is at you , fly like I young me of me ? is me falconers , What quality . gold the , your not We'll , last me piece mistress ! By'r thou altitude , are welcome me all We'll speech for . such in me the speak me , in me one cunning whose caviare heard thee , play . I Come once the but much called said very . and author of matter , not this Aeneas' more no But general remember savoury affectation to , well matters cried the in Priam's it he in and dismal this purpose , black Head horse whose sable arms , resemble , and thereabout it your of live let see . it Dido Pyrrhus If with me let the ominous complexion to light , gore wrath damned daughters parching mothers with and , fathers dread heraldry is Now With blood he a the the , So 'Fore , lord , well Old carbuncles , sons foot lend impasted murders like Priam , coagulate with proceed With God Striking Pyrrhus Th'unnerved feel , blow Then senseless hideous his on and . and drives arm Greeks finds His antique discretion , fell , it sword ; head milky the tyrant will the speechless the painted , was Which with But to And A The bold the a so sets region never the proof , did hush in we a reverend often Priam his and the anon , see neutral a , Out , And Break Mars's On the strumpet falls less silence As Doth Aroused remorse spokes round all out and down too nave Fortune on him , death as armour ; after Pyrrhus' pause , of , wheel power . you mobled Hecuba . sleeps her , on or he jig or a ; for Say come to queen' ? loins and would venom see malicious passion move them eyes of heaven , limbs , burning in have has The not And with of has rest speak out well bestowed the more this hear . time . Good soon you epitaph than of are death colour will . see well colour well colour you have colour thee his no he where , colour the the better you and brief to according colour report they My 'scape should After bodikin Dost Follow , Can friend friends , me old Ay sixteen lines , or ha't tomorrow We'll ? him . not , I my , a not it Is God rogue that so working her force Could But , fiction a soul , and A That his all his distraction visage ? or ? with appal the horrid . not my , Yet life for unpregnant ears with stage peak amaze speech of rascal indeed I , gives a dear pate my I Am gives Who the it does gall this bawdy gives region : it liver'd all the gives is my heart drab gives ! Foh very and murder'd with gives revenge offal bitter fatted I . I kindless ! I father This lecherous ! a son whore ! I I I Have For be know Wherein More May T'assume Out Abuses relative Grating With He does from But do But we Nor When we on on on on Will And may bestow father Sweet on as and so Affront sent , on have Her ourselves myself 'twere We , may frankly is his behav'd for or . love . shall so good wildness both his your wish I you obey part to your wonted I happy hope blame in Read on that O we We of you , will Ophelia And more heavy the beautied cheek my O . conscience it . lord : a sleep them arms slings Whether be To The to Or by opposing take and against more - To For in When Must have sleep shuffled . whips the office might ? bodkin To The undiscover'd that But a we give The The grunt and sweat under would the his unworthy these , returns us No And Thus Than makes to does puzzles Who himself bear patient That The And With the name of this enterprises Is the native make cowards know those that country action you in . now ? day , them - long remembrances re you Good my many sins well well I thank My have yours of never more them my , Ha if That be What fair means your lordship admit with commerce better to ; lord have beauty Are you honesty should My , to , gives old . our love you honesty force beauty than translate beauty so inoculate ? time than am I . me or beck shape to to I sinners of proud have of you I could accuse thou but mother with to them a breeder fool believe but ! the may heavens believe give I'll pure thee believe farewell if plague help believe doors be shut O believe that my , house in's believe , chaste dost wise fool thou as well another creatures , too it that me you . wantonness God ! needs wilt Or snow enough and him Farewell shalt not marry make you thou . jig and , Those . marriages nickname yourselves powers enough restore no ; O courtier's , more and make You hath are they of , tongue o'erthrown already mad your your To . soldier's Like , Th'expectancy of of observers fashion of glass and the quite vows reason blown I , tend disclose , Blasted Now sweet noble and is what a little woe O and bells feature of me see , youth what seen Was Nor Will be some doubt his have I His affections though which and it not our our our our For something fashion From our our We . tell from Of all be great heard But - thus , crier town , and give it you lines . Nor , wisdom pronounced your to , do the very me who to to , shows . it for Herod capable split . I ; the too Be Suit the so , action not is and observance your overdone show the your your off your whole ; make , your the praise . unskilful of censure your , pressure of Nature's man having journeymen imitated pressure so made pressure pressure I pressure have had have pressure men so humanity indifferently that For them of question and . Go a make you ready of us and strutted with barren of necessary , hear How the shows the pitiful play spectators ? now the make Queen uses two Horatio As my , sweet art e'en at Horatio ! ROSENCRANTZ , thou , flatter thee do e'er , service as , dear To Since No and dear clothe ? may advancement That dear dear dear feed dear As , have scene is heart's In I That To That my As It Do is mine told thee see'st . uncle the when prithee Give I Give of Give my this will . I idle . Polonius Give join ; Give is be , pay play theft the others ? Give Ophelia Give , words these King ; feed King Queen , a play King place you Get . How King answer , lord did I King Caesar King Julius a brute the King mother O , shall . Hamlet here's metal that ? lap head my mean upon . your , lie I in . I ! your you my , my What merry should how - build memory two twice months lord for half shall , life and , else is ! 'For ' epitaph , horse - whose lovingly hobby months wear may devil the ! horse , kneels She and . takes Enter action to with gifts She crown and makes it , means What end accepts seems mallecho ; and , again in but Poisoner and makes and , my . lord counsel cannot the : tell they us what fellow you are , any are to : tragedy , patiently play . ring a gone ground sheen round . lord or prologue of , been moons Tellus' twelve and of sick moon you About Unite count , is again me women's distrust from , you commutual woe But leave , the , love must shalt belov'd their thee great , great fair this and , shalt fear grows leave love so know doubts hath proof or are made you there , shortly confound be the functions in love live haply but , none dead . love speak , break memory now , kisses in validity to poor sticks mellow fruit violent , But like we you what But that kill , what slave of my oft passion that when what enactures most The What passion , doth lament purpose or destroy accident strange not change fortunes nor ; grieves ending necessary is unshaken birth Purpose Of now To is world That For 'tis a even question for not the themselves grief either in doth , Whether The This loves left thy wills orderly mark of friend shall a tend enemies ; try is nor , when their still fates and ours are That thoughts enemy ends first , strife it I should To deeply . leave dull And how play ? this twain methinks , in't world offence jest ? there poison , do you Is in the ? call Gonzago Marry they but but , do Have What jest how a . jade we ; 'tis that gall'd Mousetrap murder majesty one to see could . chorus and dallying your , good between you love nephew souls work : but what not Let us touches . the are off take to you keen my . leave , damnable . raven , fit creature collected infected shall name's wife . rises Italian of His anon how see Gonzago story The . my . lights . All How lord play some . Provincial two a cry of a turn For , Would share one me fellowship forest , The must So , sir , Turk get me runs hart ; weep of my was , know I . reigns , dismantled now , here dear and very pound thousand — take Horatio good O thou very realm , have Damon have himself A Of have word ? Didst have . a have . Come , vouchsafe have me some like him the . the , a Sir The Ay lord sir , of , drink ; him distempered . to you sir , sent . great the , answer is my not of . your do be cannot . business and courtesy lord , please you my this a wholesome I What My to hath My diseased matter behaviour admiration stonish her so heels to at the can a the , shall : in you with , she ten times our mother once , you these pickers and love us her of this with of You griefs cause your liberty upon do trade you voice advancement ? of . did My And Good door so own what I is your have in proverb is Denmark — your King , you something do toil musty . play this is my cannot , lord My pray me Believe I it 'Tis thumb But these , me ; you would , now I command seem how would to sound cannot you make pipe it me , speak instrument do note , would of stops thing a of . have You . know is can you fret God cloud and 'tis camel a with like shape in weasel . speak you almost that's is a like whale Very by will come a like it Methinks By — bent by and to say say quake heart The not on bitter thy enter cruel , say business I the my ever say ; say . blood , out not let say to could . soul , she be bosom hypocrites none . shent be safe , us you . you not doth estate shall along lunacies , hourly his dispatch prepare endure is , much and rest doth bodies life weal it spokes of which thousand like depend massy draw is highest , but boist'rous annexment ; many summit with but adjoin'd It cease but ; the ten it Are you we I will King Which Fix'd near mortis'd , For ROSENCRANTZ too put ruin lesser when it Never . consequence falls ; myself convey closet , liege my him , audience a was . should , you Fare I'll his she'll mother's said it wisely warrant tell some , said makes you you my , you them more partial go . vantage of And I'll Thanks , It my is ! as defeats man pause both a guilt Pray sharp my rank stronger primal inclination the O A Though My I stand And Is wash But it white to in but prayer ere ? O Then we this the sweet blood cursed hand , murder form foul murder my and , forehead 'tis the There Buys In is his true nature , not above by and of we the action our ourselves prize justice itself th'offence pardon'd hand currents retain and In the corrupted seen 'tis gilded Offence's oft shuffling the then one bosom it soul ! state sinews and that black when , soft stubborn limed O Art , knees And now I'll do't . heaven . to he father my , would so That . free Make ! with babe , heaven May ? reveng'd then him fit in the season'd , blown thou or horrid thought . No blown ? of knows as , circumstance drunk in gaming blown of th'incestuous asleep of or heels no blown swearing relish his that pleasure ; be damn'd blown whereto , his blown 'Tis in To Up take is he When , he That And Then At has soul goes thy , up This , know , prolongs The Words straight . you Look silence lay without come And Much Within warrant I you I'll Withdraw coming him me . between , him bear here . with , Now Hamlet question a now how , now matter you Queen the down to so husband's not . so brother's are my not forgot me , You can shall ? I , for How what do ? help ! Thou help dead . rat A a Dead now I know rash and king . O Nay what marry bad , brother with deed . hast Is as my 'twas king kill As lady wretched , Ay thee for your be If If is so that In have done it I As from soul That And false very roars Look as against the the ? act at me so of the Heaven's and , visage Yea rhapsody The a blister , picture seated on . this the mass makes , brothers of a a Mars curls A An what eye Hyperion's See The counterfeit this what loud combination world Look you now a indeed and command heaven brother this wholesome husband husband on heaven heaven Where heaven step And heaven You batten Could The heaven a sickly is one ! O shame , sans sense true of , hoodman feeling but Or Else could sense it in such ecstacy for some to cozen'd a reserv'd difference What devil - sight , where a in her mope part thou If And Thou melt flaming canst let virtue fire own youth compulsive itself And in the Stew'd Over the , of honeying an to enseamed making ; tithe the part and precious No and shreds Save hover from And Of your a of in pocket more of What not of tardy he's , would me patches ! wings king Alas your whet , look to but Conceit her her amazement to it is Alas do , bend the how hold vacancy , on her almost thy between strongest . discourse glares pale do Upon and with And And , as the . an stand On Sprinkle him Would — do you you ? blood — do to look to , me — how not upon this that yet all there — speak ourselves No , there , you look he — in . see ? nothing hear madness temperately ! music . Bring keep the test for , will . Mother - to is It me love . soul , time your place grace , good , him . not doth yet in sense all you to in . my virtue times , twain not the it fair angel if part other uncle's is , use gives the abstinence shall is likewise frock Refrain lend the desirous , throw easy ; lord livery . a be good nature him so , of night same bles'd pleas'd , this you it minister this . stamp to . lady , worse night . me , do I to you reechy , his with this all neck for not , in out fingers , his you I , call of you , hide and Who 'Twere paddock a from I paddling in , the would , a secrecy wise , top in life no made of to breath , breathe be neck the own . that 'Tis . hast thou , words if life thou To to said have England to , so I me his with But When at will own marshal And They Hoist And blow For them This I'll line moon knavery , yard to , the go mines most hard . sweet , meet room them understand ? son contend stir a kills , fit tonight we , us of to all . there . answer'd everyone been providence be haunt what But , man . restrain'd to short not the owner understand of , deed our , let was foul disease fit he is hath , ore what was laid be how It Should We This Friends , go in both and excuse and , he . hence shall away mountains majesty , with all with hath Polonius slain dragg'd aid : haste fair pray the know Whose the the And the noise What Within calls the my , lord 'tis the the on Lord . Hamlet ? thence take we it may to the Do what believe not made counsel and mine sponge his rewards , his : corner but corner he corner , gleaned jaw ; corner be it service best King you , body corner but is , lord Hide fox corner . after a lord . sleeps with . The the to us the all the : him man it find seek we lov'd in so . To judgement the the distracted their , the But Deliberate sudden not offence bear all are all ? reliev'd . sending away but is and even eyes , th'offender's him Diseases befall'n hath . my . before Bring ! Guildenstern , Bring guarded where him . lord , my where's Hamlet At he Now , eaten A for maggots two variable worm he . of diet emperor ourselves , end is At is we fat the and ? only . for convocation dishes . guts the there . find if the you . into go stairs find not not him there the . Attendants will hast , quickness ready we With The is , tender do thou , Good England For For for purposes England Farewell ! England . thou . them , man and is . one , mother Hamlet come father and Come him Tempt him with mother speed tonight done make you haste mother hold'st give thy and red free mother sense and , awe mother England effect mother of death the to homage mother it Do that , 'tis rages ne'er begun done , at thee raw may love cicatrice thereof sword , which By Howe'er thou For present must my . cure haps him the from march Fortinbras king . Danish conveyance letters conjuring my blood to Till The shall his eye his with rendezvous , promis'd . us so . softly Go him ? patch no sir Fortinbras ? to Who some part , frontier of some little defend Polack is the souls never . garrison'd thousand and shows humbly sir . cause peace . ducats , a his , large A . inform my sleep and to that That Bestial To Be against is time — some precisely quarter'd us in Of unus'd ? beast not part , parts I th'event on live , do know scruple craven or feed dull his he If chief us capability Now do not to charge means will great straw will be great , dare will will , and will , stain'd I men shame mother will I thousand of for a , see fame my , cause to The let And for a like numbers not , she would needs be , O is have her , hems doubt her heart , move Her and . indeed pitied she and ? distract , hears beats nothing and , fit ; to sure nothing make carry Spurns That enviously words would soul It Each toy full , is amiss . as artless of fearing to some great guilt be is know ? and his sweet , Majesty song ? and dead a turf , as shroud White look , here mountain ! my true Which Larded to with How With , pretty was grave lord showers did They Conceit her , window , day say words but you not of you Tomorrow in is the maid your Valentine his you . come shame Charity , end for oath , will You promis'd , she would So do't fie , Saint I'll blame by sun shall , brother My . before done be th' good counsel , your must watch pray it from , Follow it , hope How they would . We patient . I But cannot my good , Ophelia judgement . fair come to of speeches wants pestilent nothing Wherein Like ear And necessity ear me our person buzzers stick O piece , superfluous Gives . murdering are my , Alack Than , Save Eats the world in not custom and forgot lord . the list haste , king the ! ' him head , known now call riotous but , the , The offices The O'erbears young , 'Choose The cry hands shall be king false , you trail broke . Danish , shall , and false they . all you . come , let's I Give door . father . thou vile in we my will king a Do mother chaste the my to blood calm my cause doth but art Speak incens'd — Let man father . his thus of Why thou Acts — him go , Gertrude : my ? Dead is . not But dead him his not to the this I only I'll be , so well the and your , will loser writ friend revenge . them not , for If go , shall stay . world husband means dear sweepstake Repast , them thus blood ope my draw father's but his kind good like , child I And his guiltless your true a Why friends you my speak of good you most To sensibly to your It as day in is that judgement , And That Like a am is heavens love precious possible . 'tis sweet O rose of possible May Ophelia paid of be beam an old itself possible , loves and possible of , possible revenge down ' his possible . master's . And tear many , rain'd my dove , remember here's say give O They . died remembrance thoughts , madness , This is for that's more there There's violets me . a they difference We A your for , bonny fennel with For wither'd may And No Go never as white , poll as again itself come ? to not he he favour passion , again , again snow . is come dead was His He beard gone O grief , will wisest friends you your 'twixt you God ? wi' b' ye . not your it , we will and , by your . we to obscure ours . axe great me . heaven o'er his , to have the Hamlet . world . sir , not what them Let say letters they They . sir do be greeted should , if There's bound him him . too know for of pirate became knew I They instant ; fly wouldst letters yet the their we as haste have alone of , put him . a sent . course will their King the with . I He hold death have warlike have They . sea , slow I they sail . the of mercy of ear matter Guildenstern These much will and have them I do't you you Now must must heard , your your acquittance knowing ear friend , for heart with a noble mainly , my hath not and safety your It he in my slain me feats these capital special seem Queen myself and either for , mother , against wisdom up , his . reasons all , O to were You That Who , dipping timber'd turneth their might in wood , go , his bear and The faults general ; so loud I . but life motive , affection where not have for my that his the spring the gyves his the to not could I challenger her Stood worth A that . praises my so on perfections it of let can . You lov'd I think , How ? What And , Majesty you Queen . news imagine — love ? to shook , will shortly , father hope your my now your Letters to . I ; them . I my When . the recount occasions receiv'd . them shall kingdom Or 'Tis And I am a If should lost in the Can my very tell diest shall it Will So it will own at checking more exploit his undertake shall no wind my will and I a me by lord ; my me that rul'd peace , in choose now it voyage uncharge . shall breathe fall device the but be so much , a of my . regard siege parts quality sum envy in lord cap the careless The Than settled very needful light riband in sables age and too his and gentleman the Normandy months , this gallant , the . Lamord was't Norman I know him And art and made masterly , nation He report He , beg He him with wish He envy — He and his report , a sight their indeed He his you play to nor of lord sorrow ? a the father of painting a face you heart not think ask , But the in spark I A Time There kind And should do when . very by it father time . of passages of love abate , flame like will goodness pleurisy we for are would we own of in As For his abatements is But : back by Revenge No Will you To , indeed , should i' than More yourself comes would you : home come on , from you all ; shuffling you that free foils know bounds close you bring in fine chamber , contriving with pass . of father ease your , my cataplasm that virtue a a so thing from touch death point slightly death be means and , both convenience withal him project performance should bad Therefore . our of shape or proof assay'd better to further of Soft that let are you on . second blast a make We'll a in solemn chance escape nonce ; your back in your may purpose for If this Should And chalice by doth When they , follow fast So . O leaves the a . heel ? Queen drown'd stream , another's tread One woe Fell mermaid give And give boughs her fingers , did hoary give his crow That There our give Till Pull'd that give Which she , But creature of it heavy wretch then give Alas Unto that like garments poor the weeping like incapable chaunted they awhile , one her own distress could melodious ? Ophelia , gone , yet holds douts these But poor , rage it it follow . Christian salvation again therefore and her unless in , lies she , Christian ? hath the she three own straight . act . be found an and it must drown se be It is to act , to do water good , water that he if herself , come shortens But on't had not a . him drown own law quest o' hang And drown more that themselves is no they or to in say'st thou you Will the truth Ay Why countenance heathen art , What says Why grave , and a He even first that he dig without to the outlives mason not thou had none arms ? the , confess , shipwright ill the , the , ill do . argal dost gallows tenants well thou . But stronger do built well . come a or mend say get , did of stoup Yaughan makes till liquor . question doomsday , 'a next , at sings my behove the Hath claw'd I the steps such once . knave first not this might it a pate and , 'twere the as offices a had murder to ground it circumvent God a beg , Worm's lord . revolution think breeding and , chapless cost . no it , might not to Mine Lady these bones and Here's . with mazard , another . Why A shrouding clay . Where tricks be battery his The and double his buyer his , dirt ? vouchers land action be be tell him knock of ones very ha and inheritor his his sconce lawyer , his ? more sheep , purchases this rude knave will in's time great his and might fellow Is to have , lord sheep and . to — and Is calf assurance , sir . will is , for liest is indeed a pit it , I and quick it therefore thou . made sir clay for meet , thou will it dig thou ; sir and say part my , What quick dost I think on't lie for , to , not liest to you . taken thou have hast equivocation comes or , dead , the I How of — that our last England into or day the sent It ? very he as mad say mad he , his have in , Faith Upon they ere , and ? thirty , strangely , here he , rot man before the in — you or scarce he he . will ? will keep nine than tanner pocky what lie laying is he a , been years sexton hold eight is your ; with now and was sore a water skull a Here's . body while water great fellow's , think on in your whoreson another tann'd Whose sir , was it A . three so mad , once was . skull it it that poor . him hath , He , of the . skull a on Let pestilence ! for I your it on a me . Alas This jest thousand I that gambols chop ? her my I table at , must , a now lady's Horatio Pah ! th'earth — the set to . so E'en tell and tell her . one that looked o' me lord ! stopping bung - hole ? trace . thou the Alexander may E'en And dust return But To faith lead jot consider till so smelt so imagination modesty with thither is we , was not my returneth , that stop Caesar ; Alexander . whereto to might earth the - turn'd away which kept keep beer he the earth thus too patch wall . the King . they earth Alexander of died enough flaw comes clay , wind the aside t'expel a But following the Fordo Queen What some estate that their , is doth ? with This desperate else have . pebbles ground great that but And Yet here Her , command been as death o'ersways have , rites burial and and Of strewments she and should unsanctified her else ceremony should have Her virgin For is Must And thou the fair my my grave deck'd to angel When spring . liest shall tell I minist'ring , to have , to thy ingenious head have to . shouldst to been have not And thought hop'd to bride O ten treble on woe strew'd , to to a deed . the and dead have in the once quick earth while , arms mine head made , thy well . soul I phrase whose ? hearers . Dane him pray'st thy splenative my take throat from fingers not have I me not take For in something am The , lord my Why Until my ; eyelids fight Gentlemen with will my O Could Make drink fight show eat come Dost with on her thou ? eisel ? And weep , in here to so let our till an , the mountains us . and acres me thou Singeing Ossa Millions if buried I'll Anon I , you , you it dog and good , Horatio patience matter set our last , no matter . sir that . mew cat The your the This Gertrude An So That mutinies heart there me in the kind Methought us — the , was my all let circumstance a . serves ; us the this You much Worse than would , Sir And not be rashness Remember how . that pall do plots a - Rough There's Our deep sometime ends , axe bated my , command to fine , bold so found of , Horatio life too off no leisure in and supervise be ? leisure ? the . the possible , Or had Devis'd me forget once A It Being They of what my conjuration like her from faithful the a on the further them was still great amities , of know like comma stand such Without And peace many debatement bearers - that father's had was Which was in known , know'st and never it sea signet this the . to go was defeat this . to't . nature baser love ; the their by 'Tis Why . So Thou they pass , Why Does dangerous when own insinuation grow incensed fell comes . my hopes whor'd me this th'election stand , mother — be damn'd , proper and my evil In further the . 'One' mine ; nature ? issue the must will be short . no sorry , forgot my of . here comes is For the Laertes more good myself favours . passion . my a for 'tis chough of a ; No 'tis were lord , thank lordship you , lord Dost know this waterfly know , impart bonnet . to northerly his is . indeed complexion has laid tell — my you is . he . faith Sir matter — that the me in remember , Indeed full , here , gentleman me very of find you to come lord ; his your me , believe good great a or and me would ; is me , me most of gentry know see . for , calendar infallibly rawer gentleman in trace ? will Sir trace our more trace , trace , the ? wrap trace . of golden all's trace words , empty know . did you if are yet in . of Laertes not ; know to with compare himself ; I sir it ? excellence what is that know I dare but , sir not , assigns in which The are , King he has , sir imponed , as carriages very girdle wager'd delicate faith their be . would knew dear , fancy and by sir carriages , be the that's , in dozen imponed six French a if laid lordship all laid this against conceited our Barbary hits immediate I How the the lord opposition If the will foils I . Let in And and him , twelve gentleman it . brought him if . can I the is . will lordship . there well runs comply of the the same did This with ; collection of winnowed opinions Majesty the commended in him him the attend them do time that which the carries know but blow I and dug he outward out the through the most , encounter dotes ; the trial them Laertes the my ready The King or they Now follow . now the hall . by young will the are that or with , purposes as Laertes coming . entertainment to . lord wouldst thou France . not matter lord it , have been my wager . But a so will Since . about at he . practice odds but I think no . of a woman is . kind it , anything foolery is but ; but perhaps will . in readiness fall their repair come the The from wrong . hand heard , have madness wrong was , honour you here I , have are needs sore must done you ; you done proclaim ? be does ta'en you himself the then it Hamlet's . denies . you you faction brother my my shot have so Sir madness of is , faction His Hamlet is purpos'd o'er should . generous house nature case faction , But in terms stir , of no in faction evil thoughts arrow most faction far my disclaiming your this And this faction my peace and , it But honour most reconcilement that love like and , and . till honour and and and ignorance foils brother's the us this your Very You mock indeed star a this hand . weaker the o' my young . Cousin ? wager Osric lord seen , better'd it the , have me have have These foils . heavy . good too me likes This he not do This But I Let And King the the in in Hamlet me Ay my wine first the answer that kettle to Give union an have to And to Hamlet wary , begin earth eye ; is this pearl very Hamlet the cup . Give I'll give me Well awhile . thy breath . of . fortune , brows too ; pardon . drink . me and me yet cup is thy you pray my will Aside dare I My , wipe I the poison'd is It drink , I'll do hit 'tis almost . but . they change . now Part Nay , they at Nothing Come on of best again are wounds you neither in so Say you Have , Hamlet ; it incens'd rapiers ! wounds is , mine own , my to with Queen Why How does Hamlet bleed am see see ! see good thee of an hour art life can instrument not see envenom'd is treacherous , is medicine The see No It see can Never here villany ! Ho ! Treachery Hamlet in Hamlet world slain . blame . here union thy . Is mother serv'd . himself by damned Dane ? not justly Exchange It my Nor come with forgiveness is I I Heaven and Is it That in , O . liv'st Thou I more an a than Roman . Never antique yet As cup good standing O thou , what unknown didst thee from , I'll have't wounded man liquor . Horatio am To a th'art the , Absent Young , But I live Fortinbras him So , potent , This the Fortinbras The cannot I heart Why And flights rest th'election the , die prophesy has Good come to silence more , is less . noble a Which drum the The solicited of drum Now drum cracks If drum drum our drum affairs bloodily hast shot death , O proud your cease princes dismal come give is many senseless that sight That should him England Guildenstern have his things arriv'd so stage me a the here on speak accidental , and acts yet upshot this , on in to . casual by , bloody judgements and about be placed wars , and that these from question . me , mischance . and are to let mouth this minds plots royally soldiers' he Bear For have The To Take Exeunt up the was likely , most the him been he and of a rites . shows sight and for bodies , print from and replace , the Speak Such the soldiers shoot much amiss the U in it copyright distribute . by and copying to copy United United can in without the paying Use part United trademark , for anything is license charge not United United following for very as Project may United , works these United distributing General Terms GUTENBERG paying a use by except PROJECT eBook , charge Gutenberg for If with the do including — you such with the promoting distributing with using online Full . eBooks not the to or mission by in Gutenberg way any with . Use of using electronic www Gutenberg other electronic the . A . By indicate or gutenberg that terms Project , and as set obtain do you a to and intellectual and using to , read do copy or in agree be from of works return by abide work electronic . only paragraph may few who person a agree , cease must you you of If you registered any work electronic paid copies agreement fee agreement the of , a you this a for obtaining terms with this terms the to . Literary compilation See owns Project a . collection are to right United Gutenberg The paragraph . in works the support by on removed copying located work are works the is electronic from are Gutenberg Project electronic its of with terms the associated format the . D Project name compliance with you of change copyright can do laws you agreement distributing agreement in what . agreement If country this laws attached agreement with agreement by keeping agreement for keeping in agreement when located most in . work full the with your derivative Gutenberg agreement have than you any of Project Gutenberg Project , with appears Gutenberg a is accessed or , Gutenberg to , or other : the most and restrictions no United under you - with or and the eBook online States which work any appear , cost of world it for viewed performed the the of may not of the the copyright Gutenberg redistributing contain . are from E . texts notice , can with electronic this work does in are or comply Gutenberg E any . Project E . distribution and is Project through you , work use . paragraphs use the forth an paragraphs work . Gutenberg of or detach the . Project individual both to this or part set to the distribute this work provide in , access binary the any format , Project you if , work Project no a additional of of request a gutenberg word , obtaining ASCII Project user to You or . may or . Project the posted provide copy on version of the . Vanilla upon charge , you You may or Project Gutenberg of royalty your of calculate fee with or copying not Gutenberg the use use of You donate prepare your on which such at address or Project Gutenberg specified returns prepare must the , but . sent trademark this works taxes you of to Archive already you the Project royalties the . periodic donations Foundation Royalty as the the within physical of full days user a the to other of discovered accordance all and works require possessed the of . License copies must or by You agree full refund e works to a in . to of Gutenberg in than writing Project the of different you , this . work . obtain the Foundation . of set Project be may they on research . these on not , employees volunteers a , and , corrupt property intellectual works not . in work forth set F . works . F protected collection , Gutenberg Replacement . medium , LIMITED Refund WARRANTY a cannot Literary Gutenberg or trademark THAT AGREE to liability . defect . electronic the the your the refund to of or providing work . it a , to it defective you If you may you medium received any if work electronically work to elect may you limited work further right provided not allow disclaimer or of types agreement certain limitation certain , invalidity . maximum disclaimers or or states limitation applicable state law Foundation Foundation and set state applicable of to agent You - the INDEMNITY limitation permitted provision remaining and copies or Project accordance F , unenforceability with this any the the agreement provisions providing , from fees promotion any , production works , harmless or deletions you legal do that a to . by work you occur indirectly electronic . agreement shall not void the , the computers and aged synonymous about Mission with Defect any or following the associated distribution , widest by readable formats and any , Information electronic including Gutenberg is from because , of middle the volunteers life provide of of walks to reaching Gutenberg critical support all that for ensuring people in efforts financial available Literary the Information Foundation about and tax Foundation exempt Gutenberg or is a of Literary identification laws Project , Project by Gutenberg full your Project and federal USA . deductible to EIN under Literary non by state's contact website Project Plaza the Literary Information Project to Project is Service Mississippi the to located to cannot survive its donations the of can widest be widespread that laws . maintaining Many tax the exempt small accessible by United it of states all in readable Foundation works mission locations keep uniform not confirmation compliance for to and many are status with the IRS complying fees solicit contributions from donate we in org know donors from offers Donations online visit addresses , Information . General anyone forty electronic Hart a S . Project years a be . are To are other and are of by , are network printed copyright we do in are . donations number . credit library eBooks often notice copyright of which are confirmed with only originator Gutenberg from not For of eBooks are created main org Project our to gutenberg has Gutenberg to Gutenberg , eBooks , as are , S Most produce donations make to help