there . and unfold Stand Who's hour twelve most ? heart , live Long He come this Well The you If For hear think Not stirring ! Who . ho to do rivals I I honest And liegemen good night the , farewell bid and this ground Stand them make you Friends . reliev'd hath who Give . Holla , is of Welcome What this . A seen thing there appear'd , my what Say Welcome this I watch this come . him again ? tonight seen this 'tis not dreaded have belief And us may Sit awhile story . seen , him entreated , take minutes approve eyes of against down once nights appear and 'twill Tush Had yond let same Well bell burns t'illume course star Last When Peace break , westward of we two down have And now it then Marcellus all his us off the ? it , wonder Horatio , it that's Horatio Mark to King . spoke with would be . same , form thee . warlike stalks charge of heaven offended I , not and pale ! I , sensible ! Before 'Tis ! might ? look fantasy than ! more on't tremble ? avouch believe : on . watch , knows watch . the observant that ; state most tell mart foreign And such nightly And So impress of , from ? week sweaty with this Sunday me , cannon last , the that - for divide the Who even Our to Norway , day , stood with Well Did Did For to the this Dar'd least whisper but on of side prick'd by a by world a seal'd our which most conqueror his him Hamlet valiant those esteem'd compact pride of emulate us cov'nant , moiety ; of as sir hot Norway Now of inheritance the vanquisher . to unimproved skirts by our which carriage To been life to , in't a That hath list ; is our unto those this father to But And his Is The the this main our motive I by of - post it haste and no be stars almost influence trains gibber mightiest Julius the and and ; of and squeak whose sick in with A the and may Well is and Upon Disasters As the like with the precurse omen earth to prologue preceding . it ! climatures coming again illusion , of or countrymen , thou If hast voice use . do to any Speak me comes , and me privy thee to good Which art of fierce events . demonstrated , on where it together , me , foreknowing , they , If me thy fate done to any blast Stay ! death , earth in be speak to speak if speak it it which ! speak Do Extorted if speak you , and walk speak in 'Tis gone majestical here , here here . here mockery the here so of . here being the it offer And For To here do We it wrong , to fearful god sea Th'extravagant his in Whether confine present This . and fire and lofty Upon And of the truth his - to or herein made spirit earth at and in day it , that a Awake of The crowing So so , nights The And , crowing But look I fairy are say on the crowing that birth singeth no witch gracious time . advice crowing tonight by yon the crowing watch impart Hamlet crowing you spirit This Walks our heard pray loves we Unto Do , upon have and eastward this conveniently morning ? my it know befitted us , Hamlet Lords brother's it and bear Where Let's To green be Cornelius , Laertes , yet The Though mirth ; ourselves on one hearts contracted of far , equal with a warlike . brother's late supposal know dear worth of . herein , queen think dropping one 'twere sometime with In Taken wisdoms For his advantage frame Fortinbras freely young which of death , out Holding Lost Now Thus To much the , Colleagued Now better our this with by most father the disjoint thanks weak a thinking state He by and is : young to the are full and gait Who Out his business proportions you , to we - of for of us dream hath his Importing valiant rid here personal than , no to with Farewell Giving , To and : we duty made all and of of more your old Norway . show you , the beg , Laertes thy not wouldst of some cannot shall doubt it nothing the offer farewell . suit Dane Laertes offer , offer ? France Denmark offer , offer , duty coronation mouth Laertes offer Dread Than is From What leave offer and I your , leave bend By He hath Upon bend thy be bend bend bend . bend . leave last consent than — go to him time it and clouds , thine Hamlet Do best thy A Not little now , How that so my Thou is let And too father for cast much , eye thy Passing I am , Ay Seek to so madam is ? not mother , river of of , inky be forc'd good , die . lives it , I common . is know seems with solemn , might play , eye , indeed shows in fruitful , a the which suits , Hamlet ; woe show father , bound term course the and , his sorrow for to a It In filial stubbornness , lost your father survivor , grief persevere , a lost father But . peevish a your condolement most unfortified shows , still fault fault to to is a , in heart fault A 'This From to the most , mind unmanly 'Tis . understanding Why Is must . corse most death unprevailing our world you We , and pray hath today to throne of of , love us earth opposition heaven , and , be must the against so no that , common his your toward less the bears nobility let whose till As And cheer to It in In courtier back going Here Our most of Than be You are for woe This I is thy I dearest the And to , lose us a you cousin Do that For son : intent desire remain . Wittenberg . tell heaven the accord Madam fair Denmark ; health - the as I , mother thee jocund cannon the thunder that and But itself too my great the Seem How 'gainst flesh fix'd . slaughter resolve not ! garden O . melt a O , of things seed all fie rank - His flat and ! away clouds to that Thaw ! to come had too weary that O Or this , Fie fed if face That But As increase Why the was much gross unweeded world and so to this , this 'tis loving two nature ! an ! to merely a to That Possess By mourn'd God My Like I Had yet the in . Hercules to Niobe She . come to ! tears , of father's had were poor ere — Frailty , thy woman ! old even reason she wants — those body post father . tongue , to . myself lord do see you well my , incestuous her unrighteous galled to for lordship forget hold same your my good or poor servant your glad what I'll Sir , that , to I Hail The change you My you you ; say — sir — you your . lord truant faith prithee lord Nor To your know of ear good But truster are ere - wedding . student fellow me see Did my thrift coldly foe . Horatio day had met Horatio to deep is what We'll think not it Thrift father Or — forth ! upon father that I . was had my lord eye goodly was seen The marriage ? Horatio the furnish I ever saw He I was my , my In mind's I , him , once a . again like for in think , a gentlemen . till you let me . these on figure - of their . deliver , night watch , while , attent ear the This cap them fear length jelly to stately and - with - pie march walk'd to Two had solemn he surprised , waste Marcellus thus the together A and Where Form Goes slow at hands comes , had third knew like . father and the kept night impart not the they by , point before and dumb Within Appears truncheon's with , of These more I in , This , distill'd , eyes thrice we , true lord lord But where where speak ? deliver'd they them I My apparition not was platform I : as shrunk sight , haste . our in strange very 'Tis from And It motion cock crew it the ; yet . speak once did Did did duty ; it in morning it Indeed I To even As Hold indeed we do We And My lord From top to from do and the you Arm'd , Both , you Then my . toe to foot . lord , What . in up his his face beaver frowningly he in eyes And A would I , silver'd it I saw't grizzled , beard , his again person . A sable have was as in no tonight warrant my it speak bid me will it you Give hold I'll And If I assume requite platform I'll duty Our . I . some . My doubt then o'erwhelm All ! would them soul . you to : your , you . farewell were deeds the to . men's . assistant as embark'd winds , For Hamlet Forward The nature crescent Think but of , of and in nature minute a youth fashion in not A Hold For and more grow ? does No it . waxes , is to unvalu'd yielding he believe place loves , it he do : depends be of far his wisdom . head the Unto his will his no ; for so which goes withal further body says and is . own his not Then your fits Then Fear To what honour list my the loss deed act may sustain to ; your unmaster'd his voice must in And Virtue Out If The And keep Denmark his itself galls beauty is it saying give May The unmask 'scapes Be in Too she of you Ophelia heart with your lose too morn blastments rebels th'effect shall to Youth As watchman to my , safety none good . of Show Whilst like as canker are the , primrose best , reckless way shame . means their tried , you , aboard of my sail . memory no . thee of adoption act blessing , shoulder Give thought his thoughts vulgar thy by , hast familiar unproportion'd but thy unto thou any Be every man's man that entrance new Bear't Take And the habit censure ear may , dull fancy oft of generous select France of But Costly thine but steel soul not do thy unfledg'd - each to quarrel , but few : gaudy man rank proclaims loses oft loan For Thou canst invites I do And Neither a then Farewell time you ; my go , Ophelia my Most 'Tis season false this servants your , take follow not , I remember . it . well you . my in What shall yourself most and oft bethought hath you free of late caution in be 'Tis private told audience to the said hath to . me bounteous you put on , and — understand my do of time me it that What As , lord you behoves of your tenders do Do I Unsifted lord believe you Affection , think these you my , his in teach crack — you'll importun'd . tenders Tender hath honourable ; In lord it ta'en fool phrase to go , vows his fashion dearly , baby true more ; a love . poor , fashion , With hath Running it Or , may countenance , When And Ay it all given scanter , do soul , it my lord heaven it woodcocks these it , prodigal how call it , to , it it the tongue burns the holy I blazes . must Giving Lends more their to in given vows which dye This is for all time this bawds unholy suits he is rate this maiden something Be Than Not may And Believe Do not would believe that The I Look bites is a shrewdly to't ; it and lacks is ; think ? hour now What ; King kettle as ; Keeps The The triumph drum it his here native manner , marry , the born it is custom . phrase , Is Ay More This to mind custom a is't ; west height takes , indeed revel of of and ; addition us They Makes Soil us From our nature down wherein breaking By Since , Nature's plausive by wherein wherein Or Being say livery wherein as particular To scandal censure may or the wherein The . man fault noble , it a wherein substance dram take corruption doubt grace pure be evil , Hamlet I'll wicked heaven grace ! answer O . health us tell me thee , Dane in , spirit a thee in such call shape jaws , sepulchre , mean the complete moon may What , glimpses of , but death in inurn'd ignorance burst royal a , What this So Making reaches our we again hearsed beyond thoughts why beckons ? is Hath That It waves do not by , speak No with action . it ; fee set then , my life lord my , what should be the will . not thing it base sovereignty ? do it can itself flood the madness of of reason brain place into you more roar , the the other his draw The And looks Without tempt o'er summit of form , hands very there Which You , I'll my , this in not your Nemean Unhand petty fate As Still . me . body nerve . lion's , gentlemen lets thee . obey with desperate not To 'tis Let's follow Something is after ; say I heaven He Have fit will state the rotten Nay what . will Speak will I . Whither thou me lead When My I Must is to wilt art thou bound I , render Alas , unfold thy I Speak not ! to when revenge to am thy fast but ghost hearing . a for I me Would burnt and foul certain the day secrets ; thy stars combined like particular to each soul stand porpentine start freeze But that I nature ? What walk my whose my the , fires night on must fretful house , young in lightest part blazon List thy ever didst and eternal God most unnatural — list love the murder locks to not , the . be flesh To ears If Revenge this Haste Wouldst stung out the that ; stir in this be than my the . the the Denmark the the , life shameful the gifts , virtuous his to and his that my did that With O prophetic Mine , that traitorous have , be of angel a in as shape lewdness But in to a radiant , whose itself virtue a went whose in a it will heaven bed ; mov'd to the vow lust there celestial the Brief From me , to garbage always secure porches distilment , uncle of be But With juice on orchard , stole ! those To So soft the hebenon whose blood quicksilver enmity My Will . pour ; vial effect man courses and a , my dispatch'd , an That The And Most of horrible Unhous'led made my ! O No With Cut Thus lazar , crown , smooth with . So and . a by disappointed but O all life A couch the thou damned of sent to my ; once brother's about , instant tetter vile body , not it head ! this to bosom thee at lodge contrive be horrible most bed horrible imperfections at of blossoms account . Denmark luxury for let fire near , mother Adieu , worm thorns aught not Taint Against prick The of hell , you my all To host couple But thou And , holds memory while globe away fond a memory of instant old seat thee , What ? Hold up , O earth ! not . you And commandment trivial ! Remember ? heart ; else my grow , table , All Within the O volume of , shall , brain copied all and thy youth all the from , Yea Unmix'd In poor , forms observation alone and wipe And of all it Meet is , be are , and , and villain book That O My one At Within . secure him . my ; villain damned Now me my ! It . Hamlet remember in Denmark . so word ' adieu lord , have HORATIO Illo ho So So ho . boy bird come . lord Lord MARCELLUS it Hillo , my ? lord , reveal No Good , is't tell it . lord O news What my How How my you'll ? dwelling lord . heaven . secret be my it in ? man of heart you'll he's ghost , an arrant once Nor HORATIO my us this , come all circumstance right ; without fit it tell hold I And so hath desire and man is as every your , villain all Denmark part shake shall desire my , my business . you that hands more business ; you go no the we whirling offend they Yes and , are : You Such , much are heartily own words poor but I'm Yes by faith , sorry Saint no you and , here you . heartily , Horatio is me between vision is will seen make , there that And scholars poor We Touching ghost your is honest . this , good . now , tonight will MARCELLUS have request one what not . in , Nay my sword my , and . Upon lord already . faith . I there . upon We my indeed thou Swear the . fellow Art . stage sword . Swear ubique et so this you my Beneath Hic ha , you by of speak Propose Consent Never mole Swear my gentlemen this . more Once ! Beneath ! A , day Never to you my our again as therefore old night this of i' worthy pioner O said dreamt as How strange are I hereafter I so give wondrous . th'earth remove this , and , before never your philosophy think meet mercy , shall we , they if - not be phrase shake would' head shall bear welcome and earth . myself disposition an put To you grace know such we arms Than So As we , As Here 'Well Or , by thus seeing at encumber'd With know' giving some antic me , never , out need . Beneath my aught God out joint set it to on and as I poor . to , to Hamlet in . you . friending us . together ; you do perturbed spirit So cursed and . Reynaldo to , intend behaviour Reynaldo did I him will notes , sir , Paris good in . it they wisely marvellous make . what who and me ; very what , what at encompassment know That Take Than your this company Danskers means said well said . visit you Before his are Look question . very him' part part him , some know Ay demands expense my 'twere , in , you particular if't be and please ' , may say ; well on , his knowledge father Reynaldo so of , dishonour sir companions him and none wild ; usual wild , lord — do my marry , wanton gaming , drinking As you As What Addicted he . and there forgeries As , Ay , To youth and liberty known , so the it scandal breathe incontinency his , charge . fencing may far so that drabbing , my , would flash Of general assault a is lord That's . fiery mind quaintly liberty blood in do lord this , that . good unreclaimed to but outbreak Ay my A my taints meaning not lord is drift , son warrant would fetch working ? my of my should , my believe these a sullies here's , him you little soil'd laying I a party — And According closes man , youth you with ; the He The Your so , Very I What 'I ay know consequence' consequence about ? I Where , ' marry as , you of bias , have I , me My . lord you well yourself . lord , Good I shall inclination his Well , let Observe the have been . matter lord now How lord As speak thy fear it , foul'd , each other . me hell purport in comes love , the to it other me do know he I , lord My He he last a seem head his shatter waving little a , his find with to seem'd his it rais'd his falls and all me hard my he so face his ; arm o'er perusal such his to draw — would At end For out with Whose the go Come What No my , does As him as and denied command ! trifle judgement . he did , did and beshrew proper ourselves as But fear'd opinions age move . to close love . the but our , King it , be did have so ; did Rosencrantz have to see you , him him , humour with you that , you you provoke I the What sending hasty Our , To That since being of neighbour'd to us , hath you , put hath , remedy of not you , to you occasion from , as him you vouchsafe time here afflicts by to aught he men profit visitation As show I gentlemen , little draw That Whether Good And sure whom To As the entreaty pleasures Both the For To give ourselves service Put Might the at freely To Guildenstern gentle Guildenstern dread sovereign lay your into command bent feet visit instantly gentle Go where gentlemen make Heavens , Thanks I helpful to our you beseech . to Hamlet , joyfully from Th'ambassadors lord . him practices our presence and Pleasant . return'd Norway news , as as to ; hear found as — do , as , admittance th'ambassadors . hath , as my me tells He My news Thyself as policy I have long that great to , o'erhasty father's doubt I and shall death is of do O of speak Give them . bring friends greetings , your he queen . marriage . of preparation griev'd whereat he to , what my sent ; Highness your borne which , age out and sift which , Norway he sends brief more , soldiers in your never uncle , to , quiet further in , from sickness Majesty . down and enterprise are likes us , thank for upon at to Go And we regards please safety set such ; home together ended , what is This My majesty What business night should madam waste , night well , day nothing liege Most . day the and is time time and to but Meantime day is to be night and , Your since will Therefore I But farewell then will . true now use , pity all A I 'tis is Madam But to for outward flourishes , mad . foolish this defect , mark obedience whilst the remains Thus he And pity let Mad That I use mad this effect we say — Now , of , find Or I it celestial For a Hath To phrase Came Good an and phrase my vile , gather , phrase you ill , That's Hamlet madam this Doubt Doubt that these numbers most be will art . best is . a fire , Doubt ill love you and . faithful so had by time lady , whilst place , receiv'd ear solicitings and , mine do As What of prove perceiv'd When I this what that , me honourable , you , or me your had play'd Majesty told , But fain I , must hot seen I Which he , What , Or I might 'Lord , to And a watch , a , Thence , she young ? think ' And herself , a fruits from , bespeak did I thus . Admit to lightness and , this a tale the sadness , precepts gave her — resort of receive no into think very . 'tis for wail he weakness took Fell Into Thence , that , fain such have Not positively time , be I , the centre if that , there That Where If circumstances lead truth How know he Within Take this from this me though were behind does . such time it may the I encounter be Be not the arras love daughter hours four the the sometimes . from no a will the where the you and sadly the mercy ? give me , reading comes leave . it try lord fishmonger beseech - me Not you would I Then were , Away I'll my God a - my ? man you Do Honest , sir if the Have sun I a in have , a carrion , my dog — you walk not th' daughter i' may my daughter lord . to be one is , of very true thousand . sun breed ; in to . Still . fishmonger much What youth me How . Words on , lord . was I again he say I'll not gone I who matter , the , words the is truly words read , lord old , you a powerfully crab set like as not which hold go honesty slave you their they All , believe potently you most hams and are old backward yet the madness , be . tree beards yourself Aside . sir , For that is the suddenly replies honourable contrive could My are that A most be prosperously will except anything from , of life take I the Aside ? grave cannot , You go You except withal sanity humbly , well my Fare sir These there , fools honoured dear save the Lord ; Hamlet seek to To Polonius . God most Good are we are Fortune's cap Nor On in her , the , she we ; most or my lord not shoe ? of middle . in of the her her is ? news news , the O waist Fortune news is but ? news that the , that , news . news which ; in Then goodly news my lord prison ? the , bad , lord my th' confines many one so it is , could dreams , ambitious dream a shadow is . very of substance that heroes outstretch'd a I fay . dreams the a . the quality my light it and of itself is but , for But . Elsinore attended servants at you Come and you . I the rest of most am man , I friendship what of a visitation craft ? modesties ? nay . but poor are purpose the To know you , by obligation better the , rights our of you there is not sent for have . could proposer you whether hold your late wherefore why ; the I it , and shall were . of eye , my disposition forgone that all discovery If you What say Guildenstern . I , me love custom reason pestilent this a god in admirable congregation sterile a to me is , how yet And man me smiling delights how moving , roof like how and ; no , a your a no . in , of by paragon the like dust though angel , in and of of Man there when lord My Why you . not target part verse peace ; shall way entertainment tribute lover ; halt o' his and Majesty on ; tragedians in the of delight mind for't those Even think inhibition comes was ? take to travel , was the the profit estimation the hold they means residence by same their Do the it were wont such the in . in ways out pace wonted , the How of aerie , the they so the did I followed the , Do indeed the to themselves ? are — the ? say is wrong them scarce now , top come — How and they . cry rusty and wearing , sir is the ? can so they than maintains — make tarre poet and . question on has to sin , no bid , they that , Ay not is carry mouths strange carry at ducats him this apiece more it out . carry the natural carry for in for carry fifty extent carry fashion welcome to Elsinore ceremony . tell mother - I yours You ? you , than deceived I southerly is players hands The which me Let the father the a hearer . clouts . they say an is — man You morning the child a a you tell , for tell to ; for each and , Guildenstern baby come he lord right news actors Buzz are to news have I come my actor . each actor , heavy liberty judge of be nor a . pastoral either Plautus light poem , ass , history — his world historical - These are individable tragical comedy historical or , pastoral historical - comical - law Jephthah , best pastoral - pastoral unlimited which he daughter fair The Aside loved passing that ? old , me Nay not right , lord 'One , call you It , i' follows As then Why , pass pious came first the masters are good friends my abridgement chanson row The to What ! piece see of you and last , the gold We'll e'en straight Come a of , a uncurrent , welcome , thou lady welcome old me a speech the such once the judgements to speak passionate , my , play But . What speech above in in the it digested general , set sallets as in might , thereabout and . no in called Aeneas' of more no 'Twas , savoury loved he , one there , honest to Priam's handsome down with mine was I top were in but once — for matters Dido slaughter . let me : it did and black . dread lay as not so purpose the he , couched this now is begins One see , let — trick'd the more speaks tale Pyrrhus where chiefly With Bak'd blood he When Hath heraldry fathers of murders impasted The total , tyrannous in mothers , parching in . lord arm finds lies , sword Pyrrhus hellish gore coagulate spoken to at base sword Ilium senseless , to to Stoops Takes Of was declining on For and blow Which , a Pyrrhus' prisoner But with whiff father the reverend like a Priam . against we Did often heavens , nothing neutral , Then with a lo seem'd see silence his . matter thunder dreadful stand to tyrant i' th'air Pyrrhus will and , pause - a new him The But bold hush rend And Doth vengeance , and the some the the after the , to stick . stood , speechless Mars's On , In the the general bowl low the power All from her ! to long down strumpet This a for Break or with a barber's jig tale As thou , the ; he your good . sleeps . bawdry Say with seen th'alarm late A Who Where the Pyrrhus his gods she move made of with But The instant mincing Unless has turn'd And milch I'll have things colour the the burning gods heaven all husband's malicious . see speak you have they report you better abstracts out will . you ; your , After will every better 'scape much the more merit ? deserve , Use whipping My lord they , man , my Ay study insert in't could some of . tomorrow play a The Murder of not you speech . lord ye am slave I am I Now here ! dream of passion conceit leave mock that Rosencrantz Good My good my rogue not a from Tears That force his eyes his in forms A it fiction her to That he That cleave have should to motive ear with drown For Hecuba he , and , I , tears , for whole function Hecuba nothing do , he for cue he or her ignorant would and No property nothing - the Confound very A - A nose beard whose eyes ears appal rascal unpregnant ? He general muddy was villain , should the me blows breaks Am I my ? throat ? a cause , free the , of for pate lie for ere region all Bloody the , it does or lack fatted have lecherous and Who ? oppression . lungs gives and , dear a across me : I , I ! as offal , vengeance , is brave , of am Oh slave's this With Prompted what should ! I Fie ! A About my cursing I , with heart a at a hell father this kites bawdy villain kindless a , a upon't whore , And For With the of these speak If spirit . I'll so guilty Before Play Have the course know tent him uncle something the my , They Been though it organ I'll The his my will players father looks Get And confess by . quiet , Grating turbulent he he forward madness some sounded confession to . gentleman well keeps crafty his Nor When find him him but our him aloof him him him him him court . him we told ? certain a are They seem raught , This We Madam And - hear And all And Good gentlemen my ; heart purpose inclin'd give , he and see the it matter drive For my , father may If't part obey suffers his is love wish unseen virtues . your cause book you in devotion's ! plastering the beautied himself sugar 'tis , speech is a smart him not deed with do o'er . be . outrageous of troubles suffer question sleep that to and To Or to take the is in 'tis , I hear Whether by And The slings against them by , to in we of flesh To The No opposing death : 'tis say — sleep a There's the love of office , calamity die thousand , coil , come . delay contumely rub dreams , there's , time spurns law's of life respect scorns and man's and quietus death , make weary a under , the ills will whose takes the unworthy his Who country undiscover'd us rather dread and the to thus And And o'er Thus Than And makes No a bare that sweat traveller of , that we of us have thy sins ! all in you orisons , well of , fair The my well Good for my you thank , you , never No not you know of rich to the their right honour'd Rich Take gifts these again poor ? givers for ; when . honest prove you perfume compos'd discourse honesty no ? will sooner now the from translate can honesty once you ; lord a did , I than . me shall more deceived for made me the relish believed thee a stock , it that should not myself but we I put to have nunnery better ambitious , with imagination ? us Go thy to earth and but the . your none at borne could be me sinners ? act things such of my in had mother in Let to them , as I do . between ways of , father , doors ice nunnery a thou If fool nunnery and heard have face you You well . him in's own house . heavens shalt thou quickly another , marry escape not wilt you Farewell , I . on't that are . already mad nunnery a all your you and . To amble God . enough , too make here fair , down form tongue say you one given , make nickname the ; will , rest a and all of That of fashion they are To , sovereign honey Th'observ'd O . I sweet bells form ecstasy have Love Like , scholar's , The glass of observers unmatch'd Blasted seen doubt melancholy There's and , his a way not it form that prevent brood something sits hatch which quick . his though And be set the down some demand of to for lack'd in , with , seen ? what For still himself fashion well Whereon Was of origin and . tell do . need Sprung from something shall lord , you alone all fit what now , Ophelia ear commencement thus him commencement him find with , where him , as believe I do beating puts him commencement commencement But yet him commencement the Hamlet neglected You heard But his his . My it queen commencement you all so . please best you , show And Of commencement England great the speech . I crier my use , mouth it you may But I as , town beget tongue , lines but I . all , a part most to to are whipped for of ears nothing a such noise very spoke hand gently ; your to very it fellow . as robustious split the would Herod honour o'erdoing in saw do trippingly had must a dumb . and too air you , of many pated O , tear inexplicable be Termagant , It . groundlings who to me it , passion to the but nature fellow Herods word o'erstep not your not the Suit to judicious though own and you the to , his of modesty of end , nature very the overdone your players , Now own as the , have make but be — cannot must strutted man pagan — the of have , of so neither nor Nature's well thought that theatre it her of whole time was that action seen a , grieve feature , purpose hold and others ; tardy play Christian I down is more laugh it reform'd accent be clowns be most barren pitiful that of question For those , spectators and sir you uses meantime on some that , O than , to some though And necessary ? no . them play us ambition ? speak of your laugh . hasten make and the , lord . presently that , How Bid We will work the the Will you lord . Queen two help to haste too Horatio man . a just lord . withal your , As , may think spirits be good service ! conversation art from but of flatter I tongue thrift Where To e'er feed Since That O my flatter'd , nothing her Dost absurd poor ? are choice , been hast suffers so . that rewards Fortune's those thou the thy should hinges . thou mingled finger that my . mistress lick the of men the , wear . of the of is One near heart , before , Something too death . King that act father's ay , heart's I when please Give I - heart will much seen circumstance my soul a in note speech one that my unkennel the occulted as face ; we comment ghost his the of of this his guilt . of thy see'st If to our both imaginations damned mine As If For we censure judgements ; be playing , have , Guildenstern Enter Get fares our . Danish flourish you my , In play of play I capons ; Hamlet you steal he , play ; Polonius To . cannot , Rosencrantz the King , I coming are march play . How cousin , Polonius idle . play air the you play feed chameleon's now you have I I , did , of faith promise with mine nor That Caesar my answer My lord play'd . accounted , words so . mine these say a good you No nothing , was killed there patience me ready . players lord Julius kill so . Ay ho ; him capital calf enact I lord shall , Lady the , No upon . matters country my my you in I King head my your ? your lap ? lord fair a , lord think Do Ay What meant nothing think I That's is ? maids' my lie ? merry Who You are thought legs lord . my and . my two within's ? suit ? a yet But Then year , wear devil lord , looks , should a I , Ay lord . but twice What , great a a the . hobby memory die ! then Nay the , let hobby - churches neck him Anon down takes her he bank a in poison leaves forgot show the unto upon in and , pours , asleep , kisses The off and declines . Enter with he man's outlive may build two lovingly protestation four the three . her with with head seeing exits the . carried dead end love is Mutes Queen horse - and crown lament Marry unwilling , the comes . fellow and , Poisoner miching of mischief . play mallecho the argument the keep ? the The seems ; this meant show cannot What Belike show imports fellow this We by they tell not it tell what ; it you Be this shall naught You any not , show you'll tell : the and stooping beg , your for shame For naught Here hearing . tragedy : to prologue this naught a Is naught 'Tis woman's love . brief naught We us are you And salt naught hath and with cart thirty Neptune's Full twelve gone , our naught love the world hearts our thirty my moons times most . Hymen and in have sheen and be our been , thirties orbed moon sun hands , distrust late : I lord from so sick of state must , former love your round borrow'd sacred , ere . from In what Now Discomfort is us wash dozen did journeys commutual the o'er , woe Make count Unite me So cheer you For must powers their love and doubts my proof siz'd great , functions shalt , shortly : kind as world there : too nothing it and this fair do behind , fear ; to — rest treason confound thee belov'd thou who in one first . haply . but respects Are None of I me husband none second second A ; speak my , second kill'd the move marriage dead love . that second But birth but do believe do what Which when , poor tree . wormwood kill fall Of Most To The violence like but passion destroy of , that propose purpose the we lose most lament . joy we is fruit 'tis doth ; aye grieves revels own The passion ourselves what the we Purpose Where , even For question world love most , for not grief his mark flies , change fortunes yet you a great The , or 'tis Grief The is us our nor grief enactures ending not : hollow tend doth his love ; try , overthrown I enemy a enemies friends on him fates and Directly Our But And But Our are when no second first from me desperation my dead night and nor our , still where a shall want orderly That thoughts To An Nor earth and hence would that well , day trust my turn in Meet I blanks , hope and be widow opposite die thou ends none wed , heaven is husband . strife destroy , me prison the and of joy it lasting , wife a . 'Tis , Sweet should fain dull . sworn rock Each what Both have once deeply My If , break . awhile beguile . offence there world ; keep no you she'll but , Is poison do What , argument ? Gonzago Duke's the , play in't no of that : th' Baptista what unwrung his . touches : wife not . a jest offence ? Let it , knavish withers are name piece souls jest but do they in majesty , and are You I could This , between good one is gall'd we my lord if I see lord are . keen the you . you are cost . the collected . damnable , seeing , Pox . raven — a keen You , off . Begin season rank , magic life On creature thrice , Gonzago story agreeing see of name's You wife how fire , shall The . wholesome is , How lights Give some the Give Lights . play All . while the sleep , away hart the , o'er this shoes , get me and runs watch lights rest my sir ? of razed , the ungalled strucken go weep deer play some , of Provincial feathers must . share a Half , Would with a with ; two . dear one O , very take the ghost's pound lord the the recorders well very the I'll some like . Come not likes comedy . it belike king did Very word for , perceive , For then vouchsafe , the ! Come a whole music . not . of me a sir some , Is my , No Sir Ay show itself ; With drink , his choler perhaps to more my into purgation some . me plunge ? If not courtesy me , your my lord welcome . will business shall . and , do your my Sir ; to if please make , my cannot answer What and shall you wit's you and your You are my answer mother — and sir amazement , say you as return mother . hath and My My command matter or , so your : and she that mother struck and admiration behaviour with , more can to she thus Then heels of . into . But is to closet in with her ! But sequel admiration ere this . Have her you the mother's bed bar do these to the once go speak liberty , And once , times our mother of deny have once that door your ? once friend your once for toil . do once , you — me my lord love with . is upon too this ? why me you grows but , Ay the the to , if grass would bold duty do Believe My cannot cannot I no well understand that lord do I give as to you eloquent cannot command , easy music breath lying know it with your it I you govern to you seem played ; would sound unworthy mystery would you look , these you you would me I have the would not . harmony make of skill . and yet to My you on cannot you now is you . it much there ; me . be Queen cloud mass . the . lord Do the that's speak yonder see you I bent backed is it Methinks It like whale a Very Or . witching , Now could hell by top the and I I is this to By 'Tis When Contagion by the itself of Leave very bitter business time breathes out thy hot the Soft this , I Nero of thy O heart , speak tongue in him thy consent . but this , with you thy , and to thy enter cruel daggers will thy like them seals To That We near terms The live safe grow you . dispatch along estate our of so all us his feed and and strength upon of alone on the with many ; life of the bound ; whose single The Arm pray Did Are Dies free this . he's , Which we I sigh , Behind lord goes Never alone speedy voyage a this you For To hear meet process as 'Tis that said the nature of Thanks upon dear to — first sharp I this where shall , lord , primal offence the inclination a to be guilt my as strong neglect wash And pardon'd Or To be being My Can turn . thicker than . prayer down But we but snow ? of twofold look still the my I'll foul fall up murder form what ere ? for own my cannot those fault is be pardon'd of this crown one 'tis , and forehead and , shuffling seen law the May , the In In give To Buys , Now might wretched limed as ! and ! state knees Help babe is praying . heaven so , hire do pat , is father stands grossly father my this broad our blown I am so now I And he goes he , would and of as of his reveng'd , hent , No , thought of soul in't some rage ? I in his horrid passage his then for thou asleep the And th'incestuous no that soul but That him his swearing The rises it may of salvation whereto King thoughts up prolongs heels pleasure ; or a ; my and at . with him between e'en broad lay you too . to bear here not me I , mother offended tongue an idle my have you Go , Come , go you , question a , were by the you , You Nay , I'll No would then it Help you set you I part up a that can budge . murder not you ? help dead , hast King bloody deed is bad good his , mother king deed bloody Ay Polonius To As O kill As , rash too be for thy hands . intruding , for stuff so of your it If Leave wringing If . Thou find'st me . thee wretched , 'twas my . heart to your better Peace fortune danger . sit some is so ; sense wag tongue thy ? act an and so , and not . made of . an innocent O contraction . face religion . doth , against act , sweet body , as and , Heaven's and at sick the , false The And As a fair the From , sets , Is tristful of rhapsody this Yea With That The like station Mars eye Hyperion's An See here grace , on combination every batten You this the cannot Could have you of so would was quantity ne'er madness some motion to love fair wholesome Here This was your husband judgement like Have judgement judgement ? your and Sense judgement have ! Ha ? it judgement but choice devil sight without was't judgement , have you hoodman blind judgement ? Proclaim judgement be melt O true matron's actively part part ? part , blush , thy bones part , shame part no And Hamlet frost part , hell let own If And Thou O Stew'd These No A cutpurse villain ; kings rule patches pocket , diadem the and shelf of the more in lord not is . A empire your wings figure go . mad not me shreds with your gracious lets command passion son dread visitation blunted soul works Hamlet thy on thy . This . her her , to weakest and in between her but look O whet amazement bodies how Alas Speak with bend is't , vacancy you your the Conceit Do forget step is , do , up And it incorporal the Your , Start Sprinkle and stand . and , him form him Lest Would His capable stern . them true want My To you at Do ; whom do speak there is see all nothing nothing Nor colour Will all yet did you ? hear . I away at the ! temperately ! liv'd ! he your Is And My have as I yours Ecstasy madness , madness , heaven mining all madness love word , not the I That And Repent And Infects them For To in spread Forgive these is my this on come virtue me compost yourself to do to of weeds , him for . twain heart part my away curb the O O Good go if all angel you mine of the purer not to the other it good and easiness , Refrain . a actions , is gives lend next the change . abstinence likewise aptly shall that almost can the And With And when beg of same bles'd good stamp throw him of out , lord , so nature night to , this it with me minister well good and , you heaven hath . pleas'd this answer to again will , be remains . I that you , again call pair a tempt with neck for cheek , his this reechy , out know , sober , fingers him , do house's and Who a fair you , bat ? from , in matter madness damn'd , gib , so ape creep famous , secrecy top , to breath know to you said have no on words be me , two will : Alack 'Tis , sport will the delve petard to . must it work ; way — with end mother set set But I one set , O . moon When in one line set shall man This lug , still , set me room , set this and profound . set you You must good Gertrude Bestow translate matter sighs . us , How what have I seen Hamlet on ? understand little a place Where ; your his In man lawless stir something 'A good in been so O heavy apprehension been had ! everyone there . contend a kills rat rat brainish old deed is will you , what , us to this deed be all . of fit a understand owner . short mad keep from ? our answer'd providence . to threats and much disease , done for base like he what some he divulging But so foul , of very a , is madness . is away no hence shall mountains weeps mineral ship and this . O him with excuse . majesty our we must and Friends both Both countenance you will Hamlet Among his whom But him the we'll both you pray , them know . hath whisper his madness all and hath further him with Polonius , I hath hath hath some Ho , hath aid . hath hath . soul And let And poison'd , haply mean ! away dismay here . stowed Hamlet Hamlet dead they ? body kin may we to where it And Compounded bear Do dust my , calls Who what not be made by whereto that not done mine chapel us counsel officers ape , an swallowed squeezing I and speech knavish is where . glad , lord I King tell the nothing . Of a the of am is us understand you not is , him to after and that me , the King — the body , their but man find loose him we put their the distracted is weigh'd , eyes . th'offender's bear Diseases away the strong to . law multitude To all smooth grown and judgement , judgement on the : judgement even seem must . befall'n , reliev'd at judgement appliance offence pause By not judgement now desperate sending scourge judgement know him . is bestow'd him from How dead cannot , where's ? supper Polonius of diet ? my Hamlet , Ho ! fat he Your , and That's variable the ourselves we is only is Where supper At , eats fat where he e'en at him politic where all creatures . but are man your worms but may but to one table . of that of fed What th'other . If king hath alas , Alas thou mean a of eat progress not there may a a that fish dost beggar Where see yourself nose seek some place stay you He Hamlet this deed safety . come especial , as . i' Send heaven thither month . In within you shall , Go , is The that which fiery Attendants there hence , done ready , England ? wind thine , everything prepare dearly help we tender it So see cherub that them Thy loving father is , and Father ; and so But . our ; thou mother seal'd ; come , have Pray you at looks Tempt cicatrice him not leans Tempt great yet the , raw coldly aught give haste done Tempt , to conjuring present Tempt As That Delay else Away Tempt it at everything is th'affair I'll Tempt thou for England , After us death must my , Captain greet the . king . promis'd , a rendezvous us Fortinbras , Danish his Majesty . march my Till do't on know of our let shall express him will ? these are powers , in duty sir are of They Good , whose sir , Who them pray . Norway , Norway sir . Fortinbras sir of but I to or the of addition , it Norway and with no , The speak We A ranker to gain , frontier main to it yield , rate will hath To pay the ducats five no profit it farm not would . Pole . sir ? lord . a of no time little What discourse , you a against is not such his — be , th'event craven godlike . on scruple large , us man straight you Go market A with feed . whether it reason . and me beast and and , me , means and and danger unsure Led all Exposing To and thought parts to and at is death invisible ambition and strength do but hath such the How to be straw then , stain'd I dare tender and exhort , charge great puff'd and , see reason worth reason reason slain hide reason thoughts reason My ? from and this nothing is I will speak indeed reason be , What mood would Her She There's Spurns of importunate father ? in it thoughts yield , and to aim one words collection use of it their ; speaks they , there think and sense and unshaped half , enviously and hears , her is at , nothing her world fit to the make , much th' up nods yet with ill come . breeding unhappily thought them , soul as - sin's some great nature , guilt jealousy is were minds gestures be ? to Majesty love true now Ophelia your another be spilt beauteous sandal imports this shoon ? lady gone grass dead Nay and staff pray dead At At his stone and is a turf Pray his a Nay , you Say White to all look here , sweet With bewept true , pretty lady not ? grave - love the you with you God are what , we , let's ! know , you not They How say but dild dupp'd maid , Let Tomorrow morning be And To he rose the will Young You me , come ha' promis'd not hadst hath An So would thou We must she thus my ? lay would you ground But yonder bed me blame ! they for come you done I she thank sweet for good springs ; grief deep of this good sorrows her is her father , I cold . him watch O . death , son . But close your Thick in in and inter good own just unwholesome herself from Of For are pictures judgement and thoughts have fair or . done but . these Ophelia greenly , France ear of of himself And on which ; First battalions gone Poor all death father's infect from people , the whispers , beasts mere him we to death Polonius' In Without hugger containing her wonder my this them superfluous . nothing Will Like Alack ? guard noise murdering a matter Switzers the ? my . list impetuous haste the with , his in The him lord , to known head riotous more overpeering flats . were lord now of and , world the ratifiers ! word , Where ocean Eats The What is yourself , we and this hands 'Choose The cry be counter you false O , ' , dogs . false trail shall be , tongues cheerfully , How Caps Where , will me you will vile my you . all Laertes father . king O , blood to between give . the We Calmly Of giant unsmirched brands the , good me . Give drop thank door father that's of Cries proclaims father father , father father Tell — of him Why go father such Gertrude looks here cuckold my our , would , divinity doth what a fear like , cause father true my thy Let . not . father ? is , to can but peep Let man his I'll ? dead Let But not by blackest to grace not allegiance came To demand him my . Where Dead dare come Most Let That he . How damnation both , only my stay not I'll . so devil pit the be world ? be reveng'd ! stand well with Laertes , to Good go husband the , shall If both draw dear you , and , foe and , They good , them gentleman . Like Why , your a friends life my . it you That And It am I does to judgement death true level Within Let day noise . in her now How out O , Burn that eye of and child am as your grief father's mine . sister a O an old young sweet rose times . eye . and 'tis maid's seven fine , on precious , where ? loves ! May wits man's of . it instance possible be beam itself ! dove my , and move thy thou Hadst Fare grave him thing the hey nonny , a steward nonny on They , could non Hey well false - revenge , ' a columbines thoughts you fitted And here's Sundays o' There's , nothing's This is for pansies madness There's died They you for rue , there that's remembrance it . joy of daisy , Robin and that's for love . remember , thoughts . you say bonny Thought , rue in We . fennel may they me with but For will is end my No to Go no . good will never beard He affliction to turns And His And Christian of all flaxen He he not come , bed poll snow . again - come white as will his is . b' , ha' Or Make God . God , wisest our that your if kingdom give , hand will you friends Go commune this O God apart but , touch'd shall direct to due , death To means shall , To you we life And No to No trophy crown Be And That Cry heard th'offence you nor this Let of rite His , noble , hatchment ostentation , heaven . earth me in question with fall you world Hamlet for . what . from , be Let the too bless greeted Sailors , and't comes Horatio not I please There's as Reads fellows to England letter . your if sail slow too grapple so , old our But . I ourselves ship of . Let the King mercy for to thieves Finding 'Horatio . of in as became knew as good These hold will . much for I too : have to death fly wouldst what put , we I . pirate They have shalt a the , King at valour clear me good for bore Rosencrantz give I repair words light I the thou where of turn like and them with much haste ear have He , speak do't will from whom that make of I the your him And Come will thou . tell these , fellows and knowest Guildenstern . may me ear life your and you you To me Now And That you Sith must must O to perhaps up , me slain — myself for be which much and it Queen else , his The reasons . things tell nature my not to conjunctive or yet in and , seem all in , motive unsinew'd either soul — other . Which Lives She's , That Convert Why a as Would Who And so may back into , to loud bow them , arrows , stone affection not might I by not where my wood so aim'd again to spring the his Would And slightly mount praises noble have her we For Break Stood . mount That not we it that are challenger mount a the flat revenge will , to ourself you and mount . our for if driven go dull danger hear . the Hamlet mount imagine Queen them from mount , that can This , lord ! Who say , mount I brought this . them , now What I , Letters , my ; Hamlet him that . your were given And Laertes ? Claudio , my by and mighty me Reads Tomorrow 'High From brought us . they . set come . eyes Of them I such hand says . 'Naked 'alone rest strange Are , the , should and thereunto see am on I recount your know pardon no a the warms am lost It And postscript ? thing let , Laertes , and lord ! by me teeth , But in to my advise . ' — my rul'd live I 'Thus diest thou shall his . be be ? a now him , that will my ; device me ; If Will should it How return'd , practice uncharge his even To thine for To But Under That Hamlet's , shall he which will mother it devise you , his What have I against Of the unworthiest the in health and and horseback Normandy — this but , brought demi my and tricks thought horse did , French , natur'd - and . Norman my short Come A Upon was't ? very He . brooch . indeed Lamord A him well And cried neither scrimers sight this a your a . same the the all He And For he could swore If What my this but his eye play , do , goodness we , would this . when goodness at snuff spark see I Time I that And his do we is own , growing to will abate it ; hands and would a very flame and like a for delays are many 'would' , to what But . are like a o' th'ulcer undertake , murder . words father's your cut throat know . free heads being in your More church ? i' . th' good sanctuarize , on the fine ease choose , a your for a peruse , little , Requite that I mortal And for bought I father pass that all He ; foils do't I'll dip thing have so knife cataplasm no that if the that mountebank I'll scratch'd all can , moon from but gall him my my in shuffling , blood simples , point from virtue rare a anoint will him . slightly think may . project performance fail . further to our a back or Therefore should means , and that hot to cunnings are , dry Soft of of and . Weigh fit that May better blast a he he If by Our A As this assay'd . that , prepar'd . Laertes stuck sister's in garlands One So sweet Queen ? drown'd O woe doth tread where Your is There - There his our Or That crow shows That . Of flowers But . on There - a creature awhile brook . then muddy long and , up broke envious . it . drown'd ? be their melodious poor Ophelia . But drink lay indued old . would holds , will . Gertrude this out Adieu fain , When fire nature , Now follow give I had , it calm his , that , folly douts it Let's I Therefore , start and her burial , can thee that hath I , Is to , unless se cannot argues and and it 'tis . an here an to I . if tell therefore , on she to is drown be me this — Here lies you to leave the you herself , it Why , wittingly myself go mark act offendendo , and drown he ? not is , man . goodman delver him to . he good , water is life and own death ; nill drown him his shortens you , been say'st grave a gentleman makers he first ever gardeners even , ha' in countenance , there Why Christian ditchers He ? Could a says , to question Scripture What to — purpose ? not digg'd Adam heathen he than . I'll ? confess , tenants thousand , Scripture understand thou How thou , a , the ; faith do that that Go If mason ? the frame outlives or like well builds builds , than church shipwright can . a To't the thee mason or unyoke about are for it you last till question will your this . a next mend say , stoup asked tell I now , To't more Yaughan thy no Cudgel pace with . my , he easiness . of was love doomsday at sings , behove . clutch , his his into me me had if shipp'd never stealing property the daintier the , might might in one that had skull I and , ground , a of Or o'er 'Good such - murder it - th' the It which could say he Lady morrow beg more think the fine Worm's lord lord my when , meant now sexton's . 'em bones cost Mine ? breeding on't horse ' - a Did these spade my to For such may , suffer his Why . now does , A at with see't trick There's quiddits , fellow might and the a ache spade a and For pickaxe - be , vouchers conveyances , Where the land recovery , of his tenures lawyer and sconce of of than his of inheritor very The ? box , and indentures ? and of that now , skull a his ? his , him no in and no more a have the his have ha of lord this of full of ; his pate a not Is , and lie pair fine of this They Ay fellow more lord - calf seek — sheep Not jot more made . be grave's out calves , and of which , this in . speak are Whose such on't it be thine guest is 'tis yours mine liest thou away , it . 'Tis is to . therefore in't it woman sir is quick What ; and not the will ? man Who was that One woman none neither buried be a knave the so - a Lord sir By that ? kibe . grave o'ercame fool is came . toe peasant our day sent England was shall that is mad tell he , great matter ; there , why , in him seen 'Twill there ; mad marry young , not be Very , Faith years i' , die he th'earth he , you many ? have will you last , he rot boy nine we pocky your will . last he now skull And so more than your , mad whoreson water eight his . Why body sir hide is water with tann'd fellow's pestilence ! Let Alas , poor excellent . Yorick Here . at . thousand ! Takes of ! songs it imagination kiss'd me your borne ! on I ? get ! to roar Not your know fellow see . Where merriment be were that and it ; wont let at her , Quite th'earth Prithee lord ? a - imagination . earth , so ! it lord Horatio hole ? trace may ; was ? to clay . away earth was modesty died of Alexander . King Trains comes winter's the the ! following ; soft patch Should But Queen the courtiers Who ? some mark and ! with Fordo The And , What awhile . rites . aside Queen , their This with is they of hand . it Couch 'Twas we Her Must Of here the And Till have warranties trumpet allowed her virgin rites home order the unsanctified be thrown prayers bringing For . last she and flints , No As bell , burial more done to the more requiem sage should there To profane sing Lay . Ophelia ? be of such , spring hop'd And minist'ring O - shouldst times wife maid , sweet sweet the to , to Depriv'd thee off to her wicked treble woe . deck'd to . the grave thy to Hold upon quick flat this Till Till to to , to on Whose I Now such an wonder the I Grappling Like wiseness something Away . from and . splenative not fingers . thy well not take I though let have lord All . be Hamlet fear hand quiet upon Gentlemen , all their wilt thou quantity do , for longer no I Until Could Make not I lov'd O ? woul't 'Swounds show me forbear What love woul't eat eisel do't I'll Woul't For ? outface thou quick To prate with leaping with on of his if of buried , thou her mountains , us acres pate Nay . well against as rant wart fit madness the as are sit Anon her as , thus that And Let you Hercules lov'd is I cat The will mew , pray , and the ever himself good patience His silence What is it , the watch . him upon thee your So Strengthen for , patience shortly shall we see ; your monument of . sleep me was Methought . fighting bilboes let my the Now . kind I a circumstance the the lay Rashly ! let remember it ? shapes us well withdrew desire in , cabin my scarf'd about ; making unseal to had , Horatio , my . them fine found , of , too life , where where , axe where where . reasons bated . where struck at proceed . it read me where , once did new the make I begun , our it me sat , labour'd , down more leisure I how beseech , my brains I wrote know An fair , wear garland great , flourish their palm should peace As on many And As was still like view the effect what I . of love Not this . death . ordinant seal heaven the gave't up model father's in that How was Why I Rosencrantz this plac'd . and - The Was they near my did their own ; safely , day sequent was fell . this stand , a employment defeat . life grow . mighty and my proper is't our evil further And is out angle Thrown And Popp'd a man's be short What It To let must will But And the be It no That by the am to I Laertes image the right who Into life's The For humbly his . grief cause myself ; know be 'tis for a lord 'tis chough , is gracious let vice of beast the in , No lordship welcome possession . but of Put Majesty dirt of . his , a thing should him your northerly lord wind . bonnet , I for your all the head . cannot I he you is Sir bade beseech on , I . remember , to — me sultry 'twere the this — that — laid is most , faith absolute you ; find him , me ease differences in ; mine believe very inventorially divide Sir you neither would no of great , to excellent good court of , his diction great . article of umbrage of quick , of would to for . his . verity yet see trace and , memory of you trace extolment , mirror sir in possible trace not Is't and trace take , else we imports the What trace nomination Laertes trace spent is tongue . sir not if you did — this approve sir His empty purse I , I you did , yet me , confess a to know but sir That's of unfellowed compare know in weapon well man his , hath What's , sir The which , as , responsive carriages it six Three the poniards against dagger the most . we if . could hangers swords hangers sir carriages I : French german call you and ? dozen laid that . in laid passes a hath And , him for nine vouchsafe and you you it , ere to as , be the the bet Danish on Six . against their between would lordship . it no opposition of I trial the gentleman his person in . your flourish what e'en I , purpose his re ; I To shame I the with time breathing the will deliver but , will you effect He commend away I before , the time and them carries his ; their through encounter age shell , turn the This lapwing the of did the the to My pleasure him that hold I the tune of which do that the and out them outward the but The mine is . and and happy are longer . time who his entertainment . King Queen fall some coming . instructs lord not . in ill how matter wouldst . me use to time have giving would gain is been of . I . will such my But lord is heart he lose think all's here Nay : it thou I forestall fall come is is't to . come be not betimes leave The , it come ; providence perhaps we be aught me This presence knows What But I might , punish'd I , exception . madness and honour come , If when ? His is . madness himself not Hamlet's that does wrong . enemy most a your far my Sir disclaiming arrow . shot And Free poor is , Who it Then poor poor poor That I motive my poor am revenge stand I To poor I Till . should case But satisfied masters of peace honour reconcilement till that will . like freely wrong not embrace elder precedent known But . the us brother's it And No young You . Cousin ? weaker the . side lord has foils Give Grace Your me Ay If my Or quit drink trumpet the 'Now me , of or upon good all than that to which trumpet me he better their first wine that cannoneer Hamlet , Come , the . kettle on my lord And cannons King you One . Judgement . sir , judges bear a . Hamlet , health Here's drink again thine the Give me , Well ; this . A a . bout to first son Another , set cup by it is him ; touch . do what brows say shall napkin my take , carouses scant will . It I , I'll let me , poison'd is lord conscience . my do of dally . me . violence a pass third , you pray I you you now you rapiers change . way , are Part them Laertes Nothing then sides both . to Look the again How is't Laertes is ? own mine with see . dear Hamlet my ! treachery . Osric am O . foul I , to mother's here poison'd half lie too thy point is an do half life blame King's . venom The no Never thee No half is The Then . half In medicine and itself more am but half thy half incestuous justly serv'd temper'd is a poison , thee , me me forgiveness He It Mine Exchange on . upon by with thine noble himself Hamlet Wretched at act , thee , this tell and me report Thou strict Had dead in Is I that You Let Horatio cup O thou didst And If standing , what me felicity my To thee from live behind heart in , pain thy story world hold unknown this warlike draw . this come England volley ambassadors in Young the I Which cracks And rest is . rest . prince sweet thy you would ? at your search this death , proud eternal struck in O ? wonder on toward thine give dismal princes . come is , mouth th'ability Rosencrantz That and from Not should should is sight He Had The ears are that have commandment are our But You me stage give th' came speak , High upon never it upon Polack , Are How Of deaths Of upon upon accidental , judgements on in on upon rights upon , I of my vantage hear . cunning this heads sorrow And his that from to But For I Of wild are same whose and while let this minds Let mouth Which me call us with the Even be have he Bear The soldiers' most men's I be now be Hamlet And prov'd Speak likely like , be . here bid , To be be bearing Becomes Exeunt law so . royalties Special apply permission ! from works the editions and a can copy protected by U to protect eBook you , without the Creating replace be editions concept the Gutenberg trademark Gutenberg , charge to works if electronic this Foundation will Updated Gutenberg be . of the , complying license . may eBooks Gutenberg U practically . law ANYTHING S especially given purpose not do the and is the to . commercial the using of any Gutenberg , to work electronic protect any Project or License gutenberg Use this license the . at Gutenberg terms way or with promoting redistribution the Full by property Project understand to of cease Project , of using electronic in of By Section . A www other associated comply available Gutenberg you , Gutenberg . General reading that you or of a electronic agreement is Gutenberg Gutenberg you complying you can do terms of with registered you , in with works paragraph on be that below . any way as fee a the without even . things used entity B whom to or associated you paid this with by full lot future works in are . Nearly in the the individual the in do performing work Gutenberg Project in , removed works to references right an you creating to a United . States to prevent are domain , as course mission sharing with of this . keeping by work , agreement Gutenberg when in are you where this You are govern located , promoting we as not the hope for License of United . Project long easily Gutenberg can the work countries , must Gutenberg sentence , Project following have full Project active of The appears associated the performed phrase , Project on phrase eBook of for is copy other Gutenberg cost give Gutenberg world no at , eBook to this re or - with before will Gutenberg is not work of If copyright electronic eBook laws in are you . charges access paying , the without providing or indicating by U . is be individual you States , org or away . are If law Project any fees copied United the at you that or associated the are the . States United with as an with comply posted with must . be linked Do with both License E either redistributing with use of the in the permission . will from not the additional terms of detach perform , E , with work without redistribute Gutenberg holder found a the Project the Project terms all Additional . part full the electronic . of work this . forth of this with work immediate may marked , on hypertext nonproprietary , used Project at a , ASCII License set or links active any word E . compressed prominently a ASCII of obtaining Project Gutenberg the other version to . You . as . distribute work no official format if you the cost a in work . paragraph Any original fee Gutenberg exporting means specified Any you using profits Gutenberg works . works copies . viewing from Any of he The . Gutenberg applicable Any your the use already to you Any E Any performing unless . royalty clearly days legally Gutenberg required about Archive each Gutenberg provided Project : for the Section provide You you payments Gutenberg within to Literary your . you sent a of at Foundation Archive donations Information of any full or You . does , should by refund the user physical if a defect Gutenberg he Gutenberg Project s who refund of a Project discontinue return full Project or and days Project free in set the manager or fee must you of group Gutenberg in Literary , below . Archive Gutenberg Section Project work do Project Project . Gutenberg agreement terms work reported to you of distribution with receipt other Project the . a than of terms permission . as considerable proofread Project may other damaged damage for Right F - defective Project disk inaccurate may to Despite the as , computer WARRANTY Literary trademark Foundation Refund and DISCLAIMER , Gutenberg Gutenberg Gutenberg liability . medium collection such . infringement a , Gutenberg other F Archive data corrupt intellectual or of fees AGREE YOU costs under and REMEDIES NO HAVE , REPLACEMENT , or in copy a choose entity to opportunity a providing . work you The to entity electronically , writing forth , second you you a provided the the you may electronically opportunities do not may of may the If . F Except may second . may damages warranties may agreement . unenforceability of be the permitted - any remaining agree of copies agreement providing , any promotion or provision interpreted the by owner with production this INDEMNITY accordance the following including electronic to . and not void , works from distribution modification Project . cause Section . you fees works legal which Gutenberg provisions the of You any or any you middle hundreds . in the this any c free Gutenberg , and work a alteration occur or Gutenberg with Project Gutenberg volunteers new life aged of old is of the the Defect Information works Project To permanent Literary generations Foundation Sections available . and Gutenberg the and Archive and Foundation the Information Gutenberg c Project . Section about learn future for created come efforts information the that for more about Project are need ensuring Archive Mississippi Service number The goals they to to generations and remain freely , S federal laws Foundation's tax to the the exempt the and is . located your links . by , permitted Literary Literary page how and Foundation is corporation Literary to The Information and www of upon depends and domain . USA be office - deductible at official and increasing freely array to is The of charities States . page to Project out states to . Many by can up SEND . meet a of works tax fees status written of any from . org of do contributions donate solicit uniform and from requirements . much . received the www and cannot While donors we particular To locations to of laws all with the many gutenberg not donations state we prohibition states cannot laws alone our swamp in a for but , approach States United statements check and the against met solicitation donations offers treatment . online Information About Project of number card . are U . please , Section Professor Michael S shared . payments : International Please methods volunteer library of years . credit forty often which Gutenberg are from protected printed do by Thus , any PG particular only a the originator the of he paper be produced , eBooks notice our information to new gutenberg our at of , the editions Archive subscribe newsletter to how to Foundation This how including