unfold and . Stand Who's You upon He Francisco , bed come Nay me . bitter 'Tis to heart sick relief Not had quiet guard much . I thanks Get am . night meet do you Have you bid , watch If The I I , them night reliev'd Stand hear think O Barnardo night good you soldier place Say Welcome has , what A , Holla , there Horatio . Welcome nothing hold seen of , our , Tush may That watch I I , will have appear'd seen . 'tis but our him along us fantasy , him . apparition speak this it , this , down again two us again and eyes , again , seen nights sit we are so of the heaven Horatio that's . pole . it where all one like same a like Thou , then bell Peace , break scholar King speak . What not spoke time buried charge that it Looks art with Together that this , be would Denmark speak night of I of form . thee stalks is majesty warlike offended speak Is Horatio Stay gone not ! this , 'Tis it ! and ? on't might . not true avouch this fantasy ! believe ! jump and 'Tis smote frown'd He twice Thus stalk thought I to . our tell and me state eruption strange , nightly So this Why And foreign why Good Does What not might night make impress such such mart of divide is't Who Why At that That can the as , Whose joint that sweaty the day haste . this : task week whose , Sunday toward on most Fortinbras of to last King , lands same , our sir Now . Did Did in fell to carriage vanquisher inheritance with , Well this Against by , and who Which That Shark'd food doth compulsatory of those our is to Norway , hot , mettle the ; skirts up stomach to lost And our chief the head so . it King of these : figure of motive main this post of the Is this it armed Well The by was The the mightiest state Julius the tenantless in Roman dews stands doomsday of events eclipse fates moist and heaven to harbingers the almost the of and fell streets , dead ; blood star , the and stood graves Upon squeak in stars Did and the gibber trains with sick our with empire precurse Unto hast If cross it , soft If there thee to be , me , fate to , illusion Stay . of voice and to or , me any though behold , climatures , done use . blast Lo ! do to thy grace , death in walk and , speak privy Speak If thou speak speak I Shall speak Or speak which For speak Stop strike , it show wrong it offer here We is vain blows so of , 'Tis here it as here For here It was to it here And cock , Doth The here like I to the heard warning his hies made at air cock morn throat of Saviour's Wherein It Whether with bird of wholesome , and dawning ever that crowing crowing And erring , fire or sea his on say they are the crowing This crowing And The 'gainst that night spirit singeth crowing the cock dare comes , charm time believe crowing , hill tonight him . it to speak crowing , shall in dumb do't I our , the us young consent we , acquaint us watch , high , my and we up dew the and russet part yon clad , mantle have for will seen by Hamlet impart Laertes , Cornelius Let's To one brow of fought , and , in contracted be Where Lords and The our that Attendant , Voltemand of yet Have with wisest jointress our That Therefore Yet To we with remembrance , a dirge you which weighing along . all young our brother's death frame of our late weak that supposal dear of hath Colleagued and of to pester dream disjoint this thinking state not fail'd the , surrender father by Lost our So all much the most Importing and for To impotent Thus Now Who , To Our by with . time here writ , meeting , hears scarcely suppress all you and : proportions made : to are here dispatch , Norway Fortinbras , that nephew's and in rid purpose - bed his this lists good For Laertes you with is't reason suit what's . thou the farewell we VOLTEMAND heartily our Laertes asking heart thy Dane the to to thy the The shall not be speak it all and that , And You You is Than What Dread to to coronation leave What toward my slow , I to ? leave lord your you Your From To Yet My And He Have But And fair it , hang less much am that more my , little A . Take And know'st Thou Not it If all father with thy friend nighted in noble through , madam not Nor nor all Together windy the fruitful the Nor Seems Nor , seems particular thee know I is it 'Tis , inky of solemn not seems eye visage of , seem the , suits truly . These father ; Hamlet a survivor But some . course father your trappings commendable in your to duties , the to 'Tis grief unmanly a play suits lost of might ; woe show , persevere , lost know lost In Of do must you shows a condolement for and , common vulgar , to the for We pray , that vulgar he you , throne to and in vulgar be simple a vulgar must and most thing to fault whose who ' woe let and fathers reason vulgar against ? Fie , fault sense vulgar earth , cried hath common died us note vulgar immediate today theme immediate immediate love of nobility father school back most beseech the immediate I that our your remain . Hamlet immediate son eye , come reply immediate madam , fair you obey and . in drinks grace Denmark accord to smiling , ourself and Denmark tell again away bruit whereof the King's great Madam heart gentle 'tis Why shall Be O And Thaw Or that the - His Fie to weary and rouse But Sits my that Come itself flat uses 'tis come not so an this a would melt ! much was ! not that loving . she hang of to to world God not , slaughter . all rank in unprofitable fix'd O the Oh That a increase might he Must Visit Hyperion But ! seed . fie my nature : this winds and had yet she father's were grown would , those poor — followed all My Let to ; Heaven with more wants or on't think Niobe O Would have that , tears which With what not beast longer . A ! God A little she month fed Why married Within in flushing but no my shoes mine she — reason month . eyes a I yet left married She the my cannot incestuous . salt nor for I must wicked most galled unrighteous speed tears — Horatio . you ? friend lord , Wittenberg from good your so , you you good Wittenberg good that , my name , even lord from see My enemy ; Good . my do that say lord . not would truster it you shall make came mock mother's it I your affair not coldly furnish met dearest marriage funeral follow'd student funeral . hard me . meats - me wedding that methinks my see my , foe I me lord ? In me Where forth Horatio , me me He I him , look he ; him think all . yesternight in Horatio a for his I not man a was my I shall lord My , I My lord Who ? Saw King your ! till ? With For the The King my father for while deliver hear me these night , let love Marcellus Goes Been dumb Almost In Stand their oppress'd and jelly stately exactly and - like of , had gentlemen watch eyes me the did . fear , good , where comes each word knew more where ? upon My lord Form with as thing hands These the I And morning as , yet once methought , away crew did address cock shrunk haste loud head like in . But Did you made lifted to even then 'Tis writ it my did , vanish'd at And let we And Itself It up it the As you . me this , To I , From Arm'd , from to ? lord top Both Arm'd my . foot he face his . to lord My Then What , more , A fix'd his Nay eyes constantly I would countenance sorrow than in in , red , with It one had would . BARNARDO . tell . and haste hundred longer , I . seen it life , his sable watch noble , hold have hell I sight my assume my pray . well no , understanding whatsoever it Give warrant Perchance 'twill walk again still tongue , conceal'd . itself . will it you , tonight your in tenable you bid speak it an the I And If Let it your platform I'll Our , to twelve fare eyes come ! well not the would them winds give benefit Farewell o'erwhelm soul arms : my All is , embark'd , that his of ? you from in lasting nature ; permanent not in a Hold For The For it and temple toy , a . not as but Think inward now no withal virtue is he loves Perhaps his ; cautel doth now alone , whole on unvalu'd but you besmirch grow soul more ; crescent does the of ; must mind will , health his be depends own you will subject as ; Then to to fear state loves , his not and of voice deed far yielding this further and chaste songs withal Denmark importunity your affection sister . place no sustain treasure . dear , desire honour so wisdom in the what his saying loss heart too ; main his If Ophelia you of The chariest her 'scapes in The And Be wary itself then Too Youth shall th'effect heart But though lies none safety most of liquid infants beauty oft the to Whilst not Himself like steep As me Show But not . fear in best , the the recks A here The for in Occasion too I stay smiles Laertes double , upon a no vulgar steel ; you . Beware : gaudy judgement ; friend chief rank , in and husbandry be : day any night self true man own the . thee and lender be of a generous ; lord tend hath he go and keep the lock'd remember . you Lord said it . Hamlet 'Tis you yourself And my So of be not way daughter is between my hath his lord affection of . me ! such Unsifted ! He , my to and — audience time it , not know his in What Affection you believe I'll — Which That are not crack not thus phrase honourable he , Or fashion In fashion me his holy the countenance given Ay And Ay With hath My it you it speech vows . the both daughter it , all it my heaven soul , with . go it , it , almost it Lends When the blood it springes more in Do Than may be given a larger he Lord maiden a . that tether ; which dye his you sanctified of slander in to like implorators and This terms for , unholy they suits are . time Hamlet Lord is . lord , any or I The shall I so to not better I Look As give ; It is my ; cold . air ; eager an and ; It I ? No it the does my takes thus , marry ; my , here custom ? lord upspring native it than revel , tax'd born , nations takes at though attribute . and observance pledge . the and and of though indeed is't phrase . though a : though west other ; wherein mole some are not ; though though one forts in height in , of ; Fortune's star defect — undergo pure as them , reason , o'erleavens men these that , corruption of evil doubt comes ! us ! of Angels thou thee will I Be Thou with Look Bring Be , Have burst Wherein op'd again thee we up , thou To Making Say Hath ! quietly in dead thus hideous the What our souls of our we the What ponderous his With It As if to , No to what do what Do means . ground action not will a I'll again forth follow as life should lord ? itself tempt It Why What dreadful the beetles it at of sea my immortal thing my fear fee . form cliff lord , beneath ? into the me if Or toward , still desperation it Think into it waves shall Hold not thee hears roar hands not this , follow me go , away By heaven make I'll say waxes on , I'll ghost am I ; will Let's Still — He . no Speak follow Heaven in direct after thou wilt almost and ? me Mark me him further . is sulph'rous . shall to bound revenge am when hear unfold thy but to come , flames the hear , thou . I not Alas for Till burnt for Doom'd the tell of But that I of in , am blood house forbid nature fires Would Are Make of flesh and this . ever - whose to start hair unfold my prison days in . my purg'd the eyes soul ; locks love — Revenge Murder his thy ears thy But this most most , thy I , best strange it thy O thy unnatural most ! thy the ; the is the and love the fat weed , wharf the the apt my to the And the So — incestuous wit Mine , that , won my , and a whose , of it wretch That From Upon made to But of never were decline link'd be heaven will bed celestial , the ; mov'd , hand in hand even with vow through courses effect whose it of , man , vial blood the vigour like a curd thin With the Holds Upon custom ! soft be secure cursed in Brief Most was Of Thus I Cut life lazar - in swift with And , posset about loathsome horrible ; head to of , sleeping All a instant And most like my of blossoms my ! imperfections , O thou mind mother Taint that let , contrive lodge heaven account bear , on sent disappointed in royal aught ; nor pursu'st and bed thee the O horrible my nature not couch thy And The not thy 'gins To ! luxury , adieu his the thy this howsoever A O uneffectual matin in leave But , soul at bosom pale sinews poor , But host O ? thou prick Adieu hell , And I Yea wipe observation forms trivial . ghost , thy there all live , saws I'll , all table globe while stiffly Remember thee all and with O villain is , in and be . Meet am most baser O That At Unmix'd commandment matter , book , it . my . secure him My Within Within . is uncle , I HORATIO sworn't . come ? lord ! ho Within Hamlet my ! my lord my O What , wonderful news is't , noble , it ! my lord , by it man secret ? my of lord MARCELLUS dwelling in all Denmark grave be from it once think . be come knave . be right at circumstance desire hath be man it so ; and — and . pray be I'll be These your is it as , hold that ; you Yes wild offend faith , words for , and there my . heartily they as business shall you , poor own , offence . Touching lord but , may you as As , you is't , me this poor will , tonight . have we swear't but faith , Upon have , Cries , thou the my sworn , sword already . so ? my Indeed you hear , there to stage my in Art to the Propose speak sayst on boy , upon have . that . the cellarage . you , lord fellow . swear this Consent . Then my . work th'earth sword . shift . ground upon again our ? Swear wondrous , But help so friends . fast , shall would' , if 'We or some doubtful and if and be could shall hereafter , philosophy , of times head me disposition aught Or such ambiguous you help , you to commend spirit , rest my me 'There or know to of ; this , So perturbed love a on t'express what all Rest With May Beneath And love lack your still Nay That ever do And God , and , make Reynaldo good . these do shall you visit I behaviour wisely his very , Of Before well me . it . in they finding keep , drift are well lord said expense do this , they By That encompassment and ; and knowledge touch of friends ; Paris where . of , Reynaldo his this lord mark father , what what and , Take thus 'I — but know , you , I mean may and ' please dishonour if't But But in part in my come you ; slips that none , As usual swearing so him and of heed , youth To Quarrelling You my and , most noted , him ; may . liberty and the in it would , gaming or , lord My Ay no must he my That savageness in do this lord , Wherefore , that know but and Of flash The But general unreclaimed a his liberty fiery faults blood taints outbreak A should good lord . assault my would I here's fetch you him of in Mark little , you ; closes 'Good And lord does , sir good my about something was , I man phrase or , this , Where say ? breathe , and say to about then , 'friend At 'closes closes or ' in At 'closes so in was What : consequence' , there tennis' of truth perchance the , the At thus yesterday gaming , or , And thus of Your you There 'I falsehood , indirections by So By falling out enter such saw do windlasses You son brothel a bait we takes wisdom of my find With b' inclination my let Well , him shall I . yourself . lord music . Farewell ? so have his , hat , Lord as Ungart'red With Pale My lord shirt with of and upon as with the of doublet stockings . me I hard me of and know What by to the thus such other he goes And Then lord , took , he . length I me he his length over his his And end As He At length He length it thrice last As length And And , with seem'd length his way , done their ecstasy I find being — For length rais'd would a . Long his eyes , love go to the Whose his . went very property will violent the as oft afflict That does No him hath I good did I , And have meant quoted sorry made I proper our age opinions younger in sort ourselves the close kept hate hide This To lack discretion , dear ourselves to it As ourselves to be must ourselves seems More ourselves grief known being , move ourselves ourselves see did have I nor to . I youth thus should be provoke Guildenstern , to . to you you you to call hath to you of days pleasures to time so of cannot much from on to within to here our gather , humour and him himself entreat in to , you , thus him . you awhile good will there our , thanks us of you have . command , not living full here dread and receive remembrance hope , feet bent . is to Rosencrantz Hamlet instantly . the gentle and you and where Go . some our practices , helpful and him , Norway . amen my good to lord return'd of ? been from O that that God lord my to do fruit be , My As Both I not , hath very of speak to do to sweet of head Thyself He no do my them , that long ; to hear . found he that distemper , main all o'erhasty the our is His , Upon fair Voltemand ? found griev'd , appear'd , suppress him the which he our nephew's a , greetings and whereat age hand he of Norway th'assay his as commission to , herein , give the might it With please for dominions , old him Gives vow which sickness borne from his crowns set to further allowance in annual soldiers : Polack joy fine , pass read . safety of entreaty So levied your regards such therein As likes us upon your for time this well at and our That home , duty is what to more you It think Answer thank day And Therefore Most night is madam be night the , wit and and ended . expostulate time day soul flourishes , well is time ? madness is true nothing More Madam I , I matter is't . brevity all pity effect cause mine . Perpend is she thus of And foolish 'tis no art . I him out say and , the grant 'tis true figure , at . remains defect now , art , and idol obedience , hear phrase phrase , celestial an . thou ; you soul's my a me given ill this the That's To but to I will , love doubt O whilst these , dear love am But truth stars to never daughter numbers I this best most at they evermore And out Thine dear But . Ophelia , I that in thee be sun doth best lady ill , show'd ; solicitings place and , means by she do of As faithful I Or my told the winking table on hot , faithful desk or tell you wing think - faithful faithful the faithful think you might you faithful , and round , bespeak , her , advice . my a — lock herself the , then short of his out I I with idle ' . Hamlet not , That , And he into a , be Admit , a she no Which thence into tale raves , and madness such positively said have When time that fain so . I been circumstances Within indeed . lobby walks he in Here the it were hid does four it further ? otherwise be the , the thereon fall'n a carters assistant for state the try the , the daughter arras then to . the him , an reason . the reading ? me give presently do sadly the where , does , mercy leave lord my - Hamlet - both away comes , fishmonger I Not would be , as world lord so my You . to . a man goes be of , is were this true . lord a you if a my dog being ? sir sun the For How me I'll you ? said him truly in my youth was harping ? Have , conceive Still . daughter , he Yet gone ; far What I What to that by I For their mean beards ; sir that , that you ? matter who satirical they wrinkled hold have like backward . though here that says are which be am , to I plentiful , honesty walk of as I ? madness I , most - Slanders faces and . hams sir yet the you this , Will Aside , not so happiness o' , could lord means be often Aside not , that Indeed You , I take except most , be , air my of delivered air madness that will meeting anything that take my old my hits , part , lord my from you . honoured Polonius Good . Happy in that we On Fortune's cap good excellent Nor live of not earth do , how the of . button . shoe her we lord is . world's the that more most , O ? news the Then about news you Then news news news news you , lord question at ? news hither friends my good ? are one , either is so makes it myself a is th' many , wards bad and dungeons or prison . dreams bad ; of . dream a the that ambition the of a dream but hold , be ambition for , it were are not have I shadow our reason . shadow's is shadow a airy monarchs court . but , fay heroes it is that outstretch'd For , GUILDENSTERN and we to Shall wait We'll ROSENCRANTZ the in am visit you beaten that dear . too Come justly it , your my , with What the But confession . you fellowship to kind enough charge of . preserved consonancy . me by , ever the and and . eye then an What sent could of proposer you direct whether better you dear say you of direct must , direct teach love , direct - you direct , direct you . me hold congregation reason in and this o'erhanging , what to like how , a yet me say so such you not . moving work roof is of in form of and man fretted smiling ? by there delights animals apprehension other , most faculties piece appears . in quintessence lord no when your said We they shall knight sigh the adventurous shall say , be to coted thoughts man what , Majesty his are foil or shall his , use the laugh . wont were lady to players freely mind take her for't those gratis are ? in delight whose such city Their better residence they both . both whose . lungs whose the — whose end target part the of whose late was of comes whose estimation , whose What means rusty the ? they wonted ? they . reputation in , in ways the aerie are rapiers the afraid — and children ? no quality berattle they , if afterwards if . of common stages Who they . they the are than longer should , them much . controversy them unless . the to There was . to — the nation and do thither . wearing ? it say escoted not Will no brains ? of load too went their own ; for the ? about it Hercules is . King lived while ducats at strange Ay would fifty there is they , carry boys carry and of twenty carry . for do carry very not is that carry , carry mouths it There this carry natural than players Your Let me , players like and the , what the But extent more uncle my , the - the this , appurtenance garb , lest the my Elsinore the entertainment ? the is a , are mother . lord wind you and Well hawk father In west When a of , dear not yet , gentlemen . handsaw from Happily , you each Guildenstern he's them the child is comes , the second will he : for to sir news The in the the , Rome . honour . my his — pastoral scene comedy , or light , tragical nor , world historical and of Seneca - too - actors actor These are Plautus - comical came each either what a more , well treasure thou ! poem individable too ? I that Jephthah daughter wot God as will that Nay you first mistress by ! last thee and last good welcome friends masters came As am glad to For look thee see my , you like , pass pious , of my to welcome my , lady By'r , all . me once for it a speak , general cried Come straight like within ring . your heaven than when you , voice Masters , like , my I received remember as top that , the an it called more 'Twas , the caviare , heard in in once but it , others as make to lines the in , One in see it thereabout in in so : in begins , in he line of Aeneas' in , especially Hath memory blood That With With heraldry with , fathers To thus murders tyrannous impasted . the hellish , smear'd resemble , foot the , it with ominous night , fire wrath coagulate in a and the , Head complexion did to horse sons streets trick'd horridly parching , good , falls you . him Unequal . command falls blow . was prisoner tyrant i' the Pyrrhus a as reverend So Pyrrhus with the whiff feel base , to stick , head sword . and some storm stood matter stand against , speechless the we , like seem'd his nothing see , hideous And Aroused hush as vengeance And him Doth As him below him him , you sword pause work , him fellies down fiends of say sleeps him — or . too . too he beard . long too bawdry of on ; tale come jig He's too as to with threat'ning clout and up barefoot Run too 'Mobled queen' , too upon and A . with all lank blanket A Who Where too late her and in loins , her , steep'd malicious make caught up head , the fear of themselves did venom pronounc'd her husband's see treason sword move , then gods Would has In more has colour in . clamour of rest out speak you turn'd he clamour . I'll , have thee clamour are for death they the see clamour of his with burning this clamour Do and live use while you will clamour every own your Use them man bodikin your you , should less they 'scape Follow him hear after desert . to desert and them in . The Take , and honour is , you . Can , friends old that , Ay friends , to . not could , some not my ? ye peasant of , I am I you Elsinore mock look and , My Good night Guildenstern and You so what , a rogue b' this dream his all , For Hecuba broken voice his for her ? the , Hecuba conceit him drown cue What or with would general guilty mad the the Confound to Tears he Had he I That That What's should have ? appal and of the the motive ear , eyes - mettled rascal not He and dull A very John Like The me deep To make am , as ! Plucks Who - say was , of , a face ? life a ? coward across this kindless father , murder'd , words kites ere does lie i' : for it lungs should - have treacherous Oh , or , and the bawdy villain lack gall , is heaven a my upon't heart drab Foh play heard have the presently ! that soul I like ! cunning creatures guilty That I tent Play With For As relative More know pleasing of Out Wherein T'assume be May my ; blench grounds of conscience . this very . such the . catch the have and my me no dangerous lunacy of sounded distracted He what With him can puts days ? you receive he Of bring we a would like gentleman state true our but of disposition , reply his forcing much Most to . players him , told joy order , court already matter Majesties your entreat me and him his give it and most hear my all Good drive on a ; play think night 'Tis to see so him they are . lord us accident for these edge and , sent leave , hither Ophelia that as by , frankly of father myself , Gertrude as Affront , I do behav'd no , Ophelia shall To your shall him honours happy cause you this . may wonted for I That wildness good And Ophelia are oft may Read so Madam Your 'Tis much We an Ophelia Gracious , to o'er , blame true with thing word , my helps sugar colour in ! plastering ! with on devotion's , this visage that , ugly deed not too pious lash a smart more cheek harlot's the most is to suffer : painted ! 'tis slings Is burden to to is coming speech doth that beautied my question heavy . Let's withdraw , the , troubles sleep 'tis may the sleep say the by ; in For , shuffled of wish'd is flesh That Devoutly To sleep to not and nobler be mind arms them and to . more heart heir . To ? a To sea a die by And patient oppressor's Must have — to , die ache The But of scorns this ay us wrong The That The others we those bear cowards make to And does , under might , whips the pangs dispriz'd , The And Thus himself ? sweat country The grunt undiscover'd To With regard enterprises With Ophelia ! fair No traveller puzzles ills not of resolution of currents their the conscience Than fly sicklied Nymph action of the pale cast in many you awry moment thought . orisons a well . yours of ? remembrances for , day to re . deliver , well , receive . you did , I have long , them - perfume rich well compos'd lost . rich , There my lord you when for rich know right rich ? means your rich ? be you if rich rich Could , truly Ay rich , honest lord , beauty a . Indeed it proof was than of force but can transform than should honesty ? beauty time you for me . believed my have we shall but not lord is it his You stock into what beauty for bawd power commerce the sometime did made of ; the loved you I Why . nunnery , to should relish it virtue was not offences give none with honest , imagination I breeder accuse , Where's . all nunnery the arrant should in's O you Farewell may in ambitious indifferent it revengeful put them my be give pure doors Let . What If dost upon home At him own shut ice thou marry as chaste to ; for a heard lisp nunnery , go men a : this , Or ; go , farewell , paintings nickname make and , face . have no of to shall , shall more powers wise nunnery your yourselves well restore wantonness mad , say it are , you jig well another on't , that as keep hath are mind noble , deject God . amble given your I already make . God's And I suck'd and of mould the , glass The courtier's O the observers of That T'have That with sweet Like The what soldier's and the quite blown , reason vows of quite his of feature seen of youth I what O fair out of fashion and , out harsh out . his the little in out something lack'd that way tend out see out see , have I to expel What himself brains do It From shall matter think , still Hamlet grief I ? thus , you believe him his do beating in his heart , But commencement origin You But We To And Of To show if heard . what all let queen grief plac'd be unwatch'd go ; she ; must ; great shall or find him with entreat , not him not shall ; It Your wisdom conference so please you in . where , in ; had too ; you many I . as But speech . temperance a , the noise as if , I give say hear very part have as rags as crier tongue the hand - I as , your beget as most I . tame as to not the o'erstep as to discretion , be action of the own your the as honour you . is feature of purpose to and scorn own , overdone very up mirror , or age nature the this ; cannot allowance the for , to make Christians nor in be highly and I have it gait that I anything both the Now which of make though time the judicious heard it , a — and of , journeymen man made , accent strutted , of , of necessary now my most that and lord make a you of work . players the will We ROSENCRANTZ , my lord . them . haste you two GUILDENSTERN . to Will , Horatio ! ho lord What my Where Since And thee pregnant I should good spirits poor be , fawning thee pomp Dost hinges lick of her her thou fawning knee fawning , For the crook let the fawning candied And dear was for soul men herself buffets And blessed rewards nothing those fawning . follow mistress of hear fawning been election that and , are my of him this will well me wear man of King a very the with of when mine not a is Which Observe scene play thee do is sound told I It As 'scape If I I Well In I . Rosencrantz , Enter play , King . pay must . I whilst play is idle , cannot the of ; promise - crammed To answer I I No nor flourish Get our Hamlet words these My you , I Polonius feed I the . I say I this once Brutus . actor a capital Capitol calf th' was did and accounted play'd i' you , was a did Julius brute Come Lady the good . King To , hither Hamlet dear my ho mean I my lord lie Ay lie , lie Do lie thought nothing my lie , between lord Nothing lie is That's think lord You are What lie lord ? merry within's but be my lord . I'll yet suit shall , O a my epitaph then or his whose and year suffer But have not , the Queen ' is ; 'For half life embracing him unto ! him He upon King's ears , and again a he down and , for . else the , him him leaves very lovingly makes and kneels declines returns , it with The gifts with the woos accepts seems dead or in and away , in Poisoner , passionate The . play . to play for tell means mark what you clemency tragedy your and hearing our : I'll it this us you'll shame prologue 'Tis , stooping my . lord posy ring with borrow'd ground , woman's brief again journeys and from your sick so are former though love and . hands , I quantity , you , you what my For distrust is many our world in and me But That I far us count from cheer , woe , siz'd the do kind as — accurst . shortly too behind : there grows love great this in , live leave thee , love and shalt operant powers thou first my the , kisses I thrift kill me second we but is like , fall ourselves 'tis when unripe , the you fruit necessary my bed of marriage second that , in speak . joy propose tree . memory to poor : lose enactures either the destroy or purpose is , favourite his else yet fortunes prove , strange themselves . lament slender grief doth 'tis accident not ; our when wilt no ends first thy nor give me thoughts , still second heaven night wed of are so where him never needs not who in shall to That Our Nor Sport think ours our Meet opposite would hence have , me blanks that I here , Both what earth to food , destroy strife it joy , now here beguile leave The grow dull , spirits rock thy , twain brain us , would sleep with , in't ; poison , she'll lady methinks much , heard they no . done The , Have O but ? keep the you , Marry ? no offence jest you Tropically the in . of piece the a Gonzago is how , 'tis that jade interpret It I between , and we You are wince our one Lucianus could keen thy revenge . are . take Pox my to better groaning my , keen edge and life thrice natural , poisons him Thoughts faces black is He the gets the ? play o'er the my fares Give some All me , lights , the some , Why For rest my sir , strucken one whole strucken shoes For strucken , turn get with Turk strucken thou This share . dear now — very himself strucken . I , dost Of strucken Horatio the . poisoning ? my well for pajock . have pound note the with the , comedy . recorders well king music not , him of sir , King The you word history . what ? the more far him to . With wisdom No my lord , show purgation to me sent hath wholesome and my , answer is return cannot . welcome to most You . of affliction great , are pardon What answer . shall can no Then Therefore you your business , Sir to your or . My amazement and into , you sir , my mother such , say matter command but — there further any sequel no stealers You ? pickers griefs surely bar . you deny Sir you one grows To — you toil advancement voice have the succession when liberty your you your the friend for your something is of Denmark ? grass , Ay can that sir O , not withdraw if the is my as , of me . that know Believe My and as , these cannot give easy me beseech , I as it eloquent command . music to skill . you excellent , lowest ; stops from me Call much is you ; a sound would there on ; mystery you now I ; seem know any unworthy you , me would do my of note this top , I out You am will . of in that's speak , speak pipe me God fret me bless would camel with almost Queen cloud . you it like a , and indeed . the to come . whale . by , friends night of hell and , yawn this do the 'Tis churchyards world very business now , drink day my could Now . by and by mother bent to now . bitter Soft ; firm not words daggers cruel , her . consent my in will Would quake The give My like I And let your , I To To holy keep single many provide . estate along hourly endure with dispatch , you ourselves safe it bodies bound is much cease ourselves and of of spirit keep all With the live Most will ourselves That those ourselves upon lives alone with it . of spokes and huge ourselves adjoin'd ; consequence it lesser thousand ten summit it To Each ourselves whose the many itself That The not Fix'd mortis'd small the . highest like . It but on a . groan general things , falls , wheel speedy with . petty a , GUILDENSTERN We I , but sigh King the Did you we will goes ROSENCRANTZ Which the To that . he's , speech The And I'll call upon you , offence you said process Behind lord My And hath brother's the my , neglect pause itself than thicker To And But wash to to confront prayer down but we to to serve to effects to Can cannot , be mine is be what's to Of My 'tis law may But hand oft Buys the wicked this justice itself , it What rests compell'd lies above ; death cannot What . nature teeth it , that black one What and the To , Offence's the pardon'd gilded seen corrupted his can , when repentance to Even Be , Bow soft stubborn more O , Art might And Now And so am I'll do't . it limed soul Help of pat so he reveng'd my son sole now sinews ; the , would and father That All now is his this kills villain , I father my , O took his broad and purging more his , act heaven , some in heels relish swearing pleasure ; about rage ? No : at damn'd My goes be may his hent mother as salvation or a I for of or in't . thy sickly . advances prolongs , rises heaven to . days straight . Look you lay too to , him with below my up , whereto physic King hath I'll be have thoughts Words will Tell without My And him come Much pranks your that you Pray Grace silence . Mother , Fear him the hast , Hamlet Mother matter Hamlet so , not , rood now a with wicked tongue question an with forgot you by not were , the husband's your , not budge glass . you me I to sit not Where Nay , you You ho ! help see come , would it What , help till you the set I'll Behind ducat , may Help a the it know not , me O what Nay marry kill king my rash 'twas intruding fortune — heart your thy Thou to thee wringing let it made Peace word you I it down , so thy stuff braz'd bulwark against . tongue , modesty the off me , and not have rude against innocent of Heaven's sweet this Yea The of solidity compound face religion of takes an Makes O and , visage body the from a fair virtue blurs forehead of , rose marriage plucks makes a , deed what presentment the , hill , man a his , command Mercury indeed mountain fair and eye A An give To This this you from waits ? every Where is ? world assurance . brother was Here Blasting batten ? cannot hey You this it in And ? The Would could Is Nor it apoplex'd ? the not to have sense Else ? Eyes Or but hands feeling you hoodman quantity some of , blind smelling one feeling shame in fire gives will reason itself compulsive her mutine Rebellious a Ears That thus melt in flaming thou And the frost Since If And own let matron's . bones , shame wax as be virtue doth the . burn no as Over speak words These A murderer and a , more ; ears Hamlet in no nasty in In like me enter part kings , rule empire A and pocket , patches and ! figure wings , would heavenly and ! Alas to go by . works Hamlet purpose command visitation dread lets , sits . is't ? alarm is't , is't glares stones , patience cool and stand the is't — cause with this conjoin'd , capable and him Then to is't is't Look heat your O . end sleeping Upon Start And , bedded excrements you . whom see there this you ? nothing Nothing Sprinkle piteous perchance do , pale I you true Will His at want he This brain your of ecstasy This bodiless very is My makes And , My even his ! there father coinage cunning I cunning cunning It will rank . Whilst but trespass cunning , film mining compost . from not skin Confess the cunning To cunning Would I pulse That Yea O do pardon must , that flattering but spread this my weeds come within my all , ulcerous corruption them Infects fatness for But Good monster of ranker do what's , virtue , livery . a next of , good of kind frock actions who if not with the away , use gives lend . are when to likewise is shall abstinence curb ; but pleas'd it same throw and with me , lord bles'd , or be this . answer minister . easy nature out more night kind , will , cruel more , be behind this with must be begins do ? bed that , tempt call again I you , again hath heaven remains to this punish To Thus Let the on , in you Make Or paddling not this pair a for What by your neck all , cheek am but with you madness , know him , let bat hide concernings in of ? from No For But mad that's Such let Pinch Unpeg despite and conclusions , on sense Who a fair sober , top famous breath , to me of . if words said thou have breathe basket the in own neck , your assur'd Alack England to must know that made no to life had I There's To birds break of breath thou , concluded , on it , way — you two adders must Let petard moon me neighbour the Indeed . night Is blow Mother now you room meet end counsellor . with prating this . into I'll lug the toward . an fit profound heaves tonight does seen Hamlet have we There's Bestow place son Mad as good lord us your 'tis these is apprehension rat something hearing sea the . 'A old man kills Gertrude , is rapier in , In ; all had to there everyone to threats and love out , fit deed haunt us bloody , we of to , how young so what of This We of understand the it would Even To O'er Shows itself It will be laid to , feed gone disease is , some body madness of away mountains deed and , life divulging a from pith To a very sooner him you Guildenstern aid ! shall , majesty , further , him our hence , is what for . touch vile and Ho mother's Hamlet from the . And Gertrude out in madness , him seek Friends . all excuse with Polonius fair . bring , O woundless his Transports And of air . may to shot cannon his . and miss what call I speak pray you up we haply GUILDENSTERN . as done the . discord name our come blank here stowed and Hamlet . Who done you calls Within ! What Do . noise ! not , it with dead body 'tis believe ? king be believe , son ? a believe rewards ; it the needs believe Take what keep can sir , last believe , I such officers believe that : when and them authorities Ay , you your sponge I you tell of glad am King with body , lord with sleeps not , you body where you Of Bring lord fox to and him to sent dangerous we put the judgement distracted the law multitude th'offender's their And But where not lov'd man this goes that find but smooth and , body the strong not in so . To seek How I Who Or appliance all him What not him all bear . Deliberate By my before guarded But Without , us . pleasure Bring ! Now Hamlet , in dishes two alas end the That's ! of for A ourselves — and that ? progress this worm of may go a . beggar Polonius is Where a your ? messenger him the seek Go stay Attendants will nose him . see place you Hamlet , that The Th'associates . wind for , So , is it them that and and Father loving mother so thou Good purposes . for . with him have . not at . it Away I'll love thereof power my England on thou th'affair my , to raw thy effect , full awe at and coldly set , aught not , England , done — rages it Do I joys hectic me haps present For the Pays Captain , Go Over If that our of a the Danish license know from me king ; promis'd aught know lord , Go do't his kingdom . his We . some old some to The How I , commands ? sir not would Norway Pole farm name of main , no patch but I to five a ? with profit defend , ground frontier the nephew the debate Two Will This yield should it no , it in hath five , Nor ranker will ! garrison'd already thousand and , th'imposthume is the you Why That you , cause . shows wealth and sir lord What . sir , discourse large , no man more before go , my little me his us godlike Now on or parts ever Of Bestial fust Looking he Sure yet which , quarter'd precisely unus'd and to know time such whether it be . gave one not wisdom , do do I prince puff'd , mortal and strength I and gross as will earth this say such coward Led will Exposing mouths delicate army To Sith But will When a fortune will will To have for will Even all that greatly father a argument stain'd I a to be , be or O fantasy beds cannot tomb from continent . with for . forth a trick , try enough will mood Her she pitied . will She ? is I She i' world , Her of half the botch but Spurns to words up , and and things speech move gestures be unhappily may thought at aim thoughts strew . much , own breeding for , them , as true in to prologue seems some . my Let To toy full artless of . nature is . guilt ? Ophelia to be is sin's Majesty soul his From , is Where And sweet pray this grass heels dead Nay ? is his a Ophelia a Nay but , you his mark his shroud , Alas White , God are we , you but dild Conceit not have - They her ; but . father you owl say know I the means say of Let And departed that donn'd Valentine at maid To And Tomorrow maid Ophelia Never , and be he your , you Then dupp'd rose up the oath la an door a , By and if promis'd Indeed by make Gis will Young Charity come thus But , bed choose brother my coach shall , night pray good . you good . counsel . sun yonder to ground night cold th' i' sweet good . come , I Gertrude spies , watch author , it her close of give ; is father's poison they O her come , O Thick , own unwholesome to and their ; gone son battalions When good - from brother is necessity of containing are wonder buzzers his person nothing on his , keeps death , France from as or Poor but greenly all . inter mugger the Divided Last , Without With wants And Wherein , matter to ear in Gertrude , clouds , infect Her . murdering my our of , beggar'd in . is guard many Let Let door . Let my Where The the in now not rabble Let custom every known Laertes king , 'Laertes hands Let Eats not , yourself , my of with the your , Caps Let O'erbears as flats overpeering lord . were and shall They O cheerfully is , How on this doors . without , you — king this is I thank door O thou . Laertes father , calm chaste harlot like bastard king brow . Do what a , unsmirched proclaims our , would - Laertes person — dead allegiance ? him he Conscience by Dead demand not Where I'll hell , and came dare I grace worlds throughly all the you stay shall both comes the what That Let Most , little . be ! to ; my , well father , means shall Laertes with , for Of , sweepstake Winner go Good They My And my If dear desire will , know writ , kind them with the friends know then but you draw . foe ? loser and None Will his And Why , now of child a your to level most a And shall to your good guiltless and you ; death ope - rendering my pelican sensibly true for speak thus . life my am as As That . am Till scale kind heavens O By Burn heaven , our O Should is , Let Within How Nature heat dry up thy his nonny , well my the it of man's Ophelia wits ? fine bore non you could on , didst thus persuade him false a — tear , and and revenge a nonny and dove and , steward a and you the and it It and pansies remembrance that's would . Sundays thoughts love . and . O . say you here's must you joy my made . prettiness , favour to and dead death , he he , He His never was thy to , will turns And And beard no Go as cast will come is again - white , gone All will not come . he not is And God Do we away pray , And of Or Christian If find touch'd whom I mercy ha' you , me commune must , God with your life in you And it jointly to you Let content means nor his that collateral will all not , you you our patience soul , will me call , earth , to — pray as , is shall in call't th'offence let . me with you you . great . the go for fall speak you from Hamlet . the , greeted know from that was let please and't comes from am for to have it England thee too a letter , sir Lord sir not . be these us we were got have give to they a warlike we they I death good knew prisoner have of the letters They gave dealt , sent of bring will England ; dumb tell knowest . their of : of course , for of and I them Come do't have much of to Guildenstern thou way that these you These for direct . thine them your . must you speedier give And I He Rosencrantz am To Now he you Pursu'd hath life tell these my which heard But feats all . in It Why you you That well crimeful for , his to O You so not . and proceeded But yet She's I virtue may so the a Why could my or his , to not conjunctive , be it either in , two to , Too Convert where reverted And have a I I have timber'd for my , lost all of . You and dull not danger and will What ? news , now How ? my . from this Who Majesty your This They , Sailors , that they Claudio Of Laertes shall us I set them . He your I beg your and pardon I given kingdom What ? come eyes 'High and leave thereunto sudden should first . is And That I am It live diest and lord . him thou the , very it in Can you tell my But to ' . Laertes ? rul'd so it should I how As it you If be o'errule , Ay Will you . peace not will So undertake , which an at more To And that Wherein That been might The lord if It You they that did What part As very Yet Than Here light settled A too his and Importing needful health The to witchcraft myself , on serv'd and a . of Normandy unto grew against , the - horse natur'd topp'd , of confession is such art defence brooch . report be rapier you made gem him know . the . Lamord could match for And cried your them so envenom nothing do The . guard 'twould . to this coming could Hamlet and gave He That If one he For That he out What of A like your of , of out sudden of If you oppos'd o'er Or I of think Why I I face the did you of the And that of are Laertes this love is heart you sorrow of time , within nothing of qualifies painting a of , accidents many we for delays 'should' abatements 'would' ; pleurisy goodness that like to That still would abate ; sigh th'ulcer , deed in what would quick a as . it love undertake son is in i' th' father's : hands , do you throat than your the ; would we in should We yourself . are tongues this are when Hamlet That To easing But words hurts No return'd And Will do place . practice pass with so ; you in ease choose father of . your are close chamber together remiss contriving that He Requite unbated with that an draws bought A Under With this but So I It withal save cataplasm have from sword knife a of I'll dip simples if this death be may shape our think time I touch , proof in May ha't If When bouts purpose chance he may now Our chalice motion As We'll blast not us fit drift assay'd motion through our Therefore , are , violent cunnings hot prepar'd , him end sipping , motion , motion , motion . motion sweet whereon but your hold another's tread Your , broke call , them sliver a , grows O ! woe doth upon drown'd . There is his with crow That hoary , liberal cold willow shepherds dead daisies did the leaves in she and name coronet her do When she like brook awhile they fingers give an weedy snatches her native and of chaunted , own of trophies envious her weeping - To Too of Alas much And forbid hast the garments her . melodious drink not heavy from . When . I what be Adieu fain speech nature tears But yet her fire it . out , folly this Let's douts will water trick that follow will had this therefore ; Ophelia poor , his it holds , blaze gone , it . start Gertrude to give let's I much Now calm rage . again fear be to in when I Is , she three the hath delver wittingly , else argues cannot , make her grave Christian it herself to lies that this . leave , go to not drowns man , you it but myself Nay the water , to . is me marry the truth should , Ay not his he life come . is the shortens Argal . have , thou , He Why , countenance even Was he a ? but gentlemen up they themselves that pity more the hang . makers There ancient profession Adam's the , shipwright ? either stronger What to thee that thy wit those than faith that the ? arms understand , outlives good come argal does maker gallows he ? thee that the , for to well than tell can unyoke and me , mason a Ay stronger builds in well well stronger ill . I . cannot Mass To't your I , for that . more and when asked makes about me tell till liquor ass , get thee . of stoup love , doomsday mend . a last you he youth O methought time I houses Cudgel with pace beating maker' no there his grave feeling To 'Tis And As land , easiness business sings he that , making in made him it hand Custom so e'en stealing into in age But skull murder had , offices - o'er Or good ground might , courtier ! which horse could , might circumvent God , might it not now morrow to beg it and about it ! sweet meant Worm's ; revolution think on't Mine to chapless . lord he lord , Here's cost ache made ; spade a , spade more the we to play had knocked , no fine and a with , another quillets Why suffer , There's and , now a fellow a a a , about Where the of his be lawyer of great fine and double sconce and of , with his , his vouchers than the ? tricks his very Will vouchers land him knock to him buyer his a of ; ha lord , skins lie pate purchases box more more , indentures , jot of in a his fine pair my ones his himself sheep of will this have are speak and Ay O lord , calves which seek Whose . this I , in - too skins . is yours . guest made be to meet liest sir grave's guest Mine clay a such guest indeed in't guest . is and therefore thou mine . guest . guest ? woman ; 't say lie and not therefore thou again . me then dead . she's sir or thou taken have equivocation , I years — How the that our last day that the very day he he he ; there , was , marry mad not him , because not 'Twill How Upon e'en , Faith what I with losing ground man here th'earth year nine , boy and as he will rot we have will your the earth his tann'd And hide . now and is with this ? will skull your twenty years he last whoreson you some . lain ? was it on of that you . A was is Here's fellow's it Yorick's , a not . know ! rogue , whoreson . Horatio see fellow the of times ? E'en skull gorge back a . Takes My at jest ! infinite Nay sir skull me how . not Not you your kiss'd ? to , to , this , your know it , Dost my lady's , rises oft , to it . were her and . tell that What's , me looked think , Horatio And come chamber now one ? get we uses to E'en so Alexander Alexander return E'en may dust what noble so faith likelihood lead it not Alexander and ; The soft patch but is their the kept winter's that they rites Queen comes the , doth Who . own And Queen following ! soft ! But corse What Laertes obsequies Her ; doubtful . enlarg'd Mark order , her on prayers lodg'd else is As we And She great ground For . and allowed pebbles is maiden Her Yet , been as , home , burial virgin rites the my minist'ring her her dead done and . Scattering thou . the my to the Hamlet's sweet maid howling fair Sweets violets i' Lay from angel liest have , times treble to , arms mine , once . skyish once of makes and Of a once caught Depriv'd I pile your the once old What emphasis once ? the once Grappling Conjures To flat o'ertop once such phrase grief head once , soul hand ; throat rash and not Thou I Like wonder I is ! I them All Away fingers in wiseness Pluck For am thy Which thy not from my me Why Until eyelids fight with no son longer upon , theme brothers thousand ; Could will lord be their all with What For O my is me him Laertes thou quantity forty wilt do : forbear mad he 'Swounds woul't up do't weep Woul't Be Make Millions if buried ? And Woul't rant fit His the silence patient the Nay us of pate his will I lov'd you , what he have do will dog Hear When that ever . that you sit drooping . speech . son him . see shall our living over night's in watch present we proceeding . monument last the — Strengthen your much this for in indiscretion mutinies the , That prais'd our deep be me sleep , and shapes most my about me , will we serves bilboes Methought — for the there Our a When - hew them how is My Oh many mine Their bugs supervise on That My the Importing Larded not the me too , axe . leisure . more off of leisure possible at how you . down , possible wrote I to make a thus beseech possible A to It How possible The me I possible possible had I Or could a Devis'd They new to As And And As Ay , conjuration was England earnest An As love stand his like comma a time more sudden great charge wear , flourish , day sequent , known . the plac'd of the it safely Rosencrantz th'impression model that seal'd next Danish in signet in this was How Why had my the this . Now of that was heaven by Of Between dangerous they never in and love to , employment to't , upon me stand , king fell and pass not mighty a did their . this nature points whor'd my and is't ? kill'd Why it He him To let be with such evil issue the known is must quit th'election life conscience come is to more Horatio say further England damn'd , I myself sorry no 'One' ; there from business The of than bravery Into comes tow'ring court did put favours cause I'll the to very of his I Laertes . by But I life's I humbly sure , more No . dirt chough ; leisure of from 'tis ; the gracious ; in your if at land and the state mess a possession a you 'tis your I , his . hot the cold , very of spirit Majesty his all use for , indifferent your thank I it lordship lord It , No me very sultry hot and he matter , Sir 'twere and and I Sir , gentleman absolute remember and me complexion cannot here most is laid tell and . that — as , sultry and is very it Methinks great wager and on , come speak court to , faith Laertes of believe is and an , inventorially take dearth Sir you to find respect continent , in sail quick or part the card of , a I perdition dizzy would . diction we soul ? wrap breath lordship soul trace him his of ? soul soul , rawer more of of soul his to soul else make to him rareness soul sir gentleman , will Sir not Is't What the are Of , possible in already all's You ? tongue ? nomination know I , I not are You ignorant that to confess you purse is weapon sir know , dare but did would and ? meed what to laid imputation unfellowed should in but What's his dagger . The , delicate to I hath sir assigns girdle , fancy , with faith in which , very are imponed call the you , hilts the the against of . done on . three against But carry the carriages responsive so most you What be hangers , might the French be more would against carriages Why hath you come be it be shall King Barbary horses our would I six all laid immediate if your lordship on passes be call assigns then be French the swords this exceed be is liberal and here not , I time To of with me sir after , If the my day will the , I He does lapwing with his did the same time which habit of encounter fanned yeasty and , are only — head ; most the , kind — on the Thus it away well This the and , winnowed collection opinions . by you sends , their blow suck'd to out them bevy comply , constant mine to am hold speaks , pleasure him that play with them through to gentle . to play lord wager odds thou no think Laertes to . how ill continual of kind a such Nay shall I practice She instructs : I not matter giving he Since will : not is . hither defy to : a it The , it . in the fall : repair to betimes : come There's would readiness . fit forestall gain There's I anything not now not come , There's 'tis what he , of will come There's . me have a needs done take to There's ; wrong There's . heard you this what from . madness does proclaim and Laertes Hamlet exception . have you What awake Roughly That Who . it His does from wrong'd , your punish'd I are . gentleman , was be ta'en Never of ? not himself , done , Hamlet Hamlet's audience purpos'd . is a this that If't the faction His it not himself Laertes here I Hamlet is Was't Hamlet If wrong'd it . so peace case case case case — that . offer'd love no me honour love known case like . night darkest ignorance case th' i' Stick like a indeed . Laertes , You off star shall your , No foil in . one wager . mine , odds you side heavy it laid not But has is well This them Give I do Your since fear , have . my Let therefore the weaker . have . trumpet he throw cups the shall kettle have in Richer crown than all the If King And let to King you the And my , judges drinks to Hamlet the ' on heavens the The cannons The bear , a hit Well hit , cup . you do , a son . confess ? awhile Hamlet , of , fortune . not , Gertrude my pray . pardon late is . by and too . think't . my do I pray third you so afeard the for Come , 'tis . dally violence conscience rapiers , me of wanton Come but You your pass with on lord it ! Laertes ? again incens'd . the sides Queen How ? springe , both am She the see does swoons , drink the How , Why Treachery ! Let , the O my dear . Hamlet . slain be am . bleed door out Ho in there No medicine , the is instrument half can treacherous itself rise The King , world It to more no Never turn'd In Hath and envenom'd . is I , off Then can a by . am I . LORDS and OSRIC ! treason ! thou incestuous , murderous union . Follow forgiveness make You , pale arrest time That Is I of . fell my believe Never unsatisfied and follow , tell sergeant I act , you chance at tremble — Horatio . me , I'll have't . Heaven by man a antique th'art a , liquor more some the To am what Things standing in what To Absent harsh ambassadors noise my tell what this what the , warlike England what heart , breath story felicity thy what , pain this conquest Fortinbras come of . gives , sweet rest silence and voice . news from England , sing lights th'election ? sing your . cease , sing search sing , death sing cell late sing . too fulfill'd , come us should commandment ? England from have our Guildenstern and we is are thanks . question , hearing dismal ; give dead I , you shall slaughters cunning So yet the you this , bloody these from and to wars , be upshot let arriv'd a stage speak bloody about upshot accidental put upshot and purposes fortune . upshot my in I to also voice upshot shall this audience . deliver Truly inventors' this in upshot , And Fall'n call noblest doth whose to upshot Which men's rights plots Hamlet To For Even And But Bear like a . shot that the works means Foundation States without ! from will Exeunt bearing , editions Updated no one and rules Special print editions , charge the trademark charge GUTENBERG copyright distribute without copying to apply can be of the used trademark license electronic use works copyright in may terms Gutenberg , you by U . practically eBooks derivative You To ANYTHING be this trademark if not and eBook trademark , Project copies easy . the of of . do protect of other you available comply , www agree electronic Gutenberg Project gutenberg to General Use Gutenberg , any . indicate or electronic . work License Terms of you , or distribution promoting Redistributing works you do not a obtaining fee of agreement of for a electronic Gutenberg Project possession you paid is a may from to in cease and intellectual using agree license have any reading A work . If that , you read you Project work Gutenberg to works return in by access E . the only people a Project with . can of Gutenberg the . the collection do few electronic There . Project this with terms . or . electronic The , Gutenberg individual are owns collection electronic the Project preserve lot most . agreement Foundation below . works a the in Gutenberg prevent unprotected the located derivative Project to the terms United the not , as to access future free works C of works in an you are Gutenberg creating will to Gutenberg States electronic works United Project is in United work Of on copying removed right . and a displaying to are works terms the with others of Gutenberg easily govern , any this on in constant the Project downloading your with can The . you check representations of of laws its of name compliance in with format derivative work outside you If country Copyright in are this work Gutenberg where charge full by works state laws before this of without place displaying , the most located also any in work works based , other copying work change works or the in . works terms performing or makes work to works , works other or which , almost the , or to links a sentence following country concerning removed have . E . on whenever , copy www the in are of located the may other This Project . notice protected States gutenberg . posted paying the , a from . not that indicating without redistributing holder providing derived E the texts States copyright either . forth for permission trademark . United the obtain with work can fees work and or E . holder Project with be additional with of imposed an permission terms permission linked the E with the or associated Gutenberg . unlink , part , perform distribute full of the Gutenberg part Gutenberg Project holder License electronic , Project through the . the work files with or redistribute the . for Additional at all found works the and any work full the of this in , forth , or the may marked or , to or if in a official Gutenberg the Project ASCII used However . remove this Project containing any a binary of associated work copy and License to or , word any or , other , obtaining the gutenberg than provide a the must you org copy , a no in work , nonproprietary up Plain distribute processing upon form . Any work Gutenberg any electronic of copies to in format the , format of as a copying Do full Vanilla fee License ASCII or posted charge copy , other . unless to you the agreed to fee distributing the Gutenberg of to . E , not you You already the be clearly prepare date on which payments the are providing you . Project Project in he notifies a Project Gutenberg the to Project who or he but must . user Gutenberg s all Royalty Foundation donations and sent by paid of a such within user works must all and agree full a does . You the of paid electronic any comply , receipt of a . copies medium and , you for distribute agreement defect the a , return of receipt Gutenberg discontinue destroy Project a within . works in other of Project than permission Foundation set considerable proofread expend transcribe writing . of Section Contact the but as and collection to not works Gutenberg works Defects effort protected , property data electronic corrupt or , U Project , such . Replacement , and Foundation DAMAGES distributing , STRICT work in NO the your read Gutenberg . LIMITED work of OR money the electronic RIGHT Literary liability if any , by , If - you REPLACEMENT within YOU fees . defect receive to to person a elect also the on received may to problem fix to The you the this in written with work to may opportunities work this for the receive further limited the implied of of you a entity work . explanation written to copy defective of interpreted limitation to . to forth state not or of provided is do the any law . F . without F damages agreement . paragraph . limitation permitted by applicable this . agreement law exclusion the Some or state the be violates F works following or any . owner providing with production electronic accordance the additions including works Project which electronic because exists computers including they obsolete assistance Project Volunteers freely and goals available from Gutenberg Literary . remain and and for the in , the of ensuring permanent Project The Project Section generations Project Archive and and the and Project Information Gutenberg Project corporation granted organized Archive the about exempt the is Project Foundation tax under or Project extent Gutenberg EIN full Plaza . up Foundation's org Project Donations carry and readable particularly in important equipment form cannot about , contact the links Email found out works that website by Many of Literary Foundation Archive machine outdated domain public charitable requirements in states donations in locations SEND To up widest donations exempt the to any . state where we prohibition who received no a regulating laws of complying to committed many not written We paperwork Compliance , have DONATIONS we visit these have methods ways outside the International any not cannot against Please United accepting statements donations States . check laws our donation . other small of To a works be . Project printed loose from . we Thus particular PG . copyright are are support created only he any . Project our to gutenberg help email to how our information to : our at start people Most including