Who's ! yourself Stand Stand , Stand Nay Stand this Stand to bed cold Francisco thanks sick Stand You most . much quiet . bitter Stand , He struck carefully For twelve . upon thee , am a And relief at heart 'Tis stirring bid them . guard Well do of If Not Have them hear Friends , hath you reliev'd . haste the there ho . I And you ? night there . good ? piece Welcome , good tonight . of what , again . of this have nothing . Horatio thing hold him , seen our fantasy of him of come it ears , awhile Sit fortified again down so two , appear , down of our let And us once , this from heaven part Marcellus . Look King dead Horatio . to would It . it and of . offended ? which In march that majesty charge I thee Denmark buried time spoke , night away speak ! believe ! pale ! when not mine sensible I ? this King the eyes parle the he on ? by to he So When he and hath dead our jump and stalk martial gone 'Tis , some the now So , Why Doth not might , toward joint night be that can - can I ; even make Was by , but know the as image on combat ; side you of prick'd a by now That the ; whisper goes Thereto to For Did least At emulate him a law by Well forfeit Dar'd , Whose , gaged the of article life by sir hot His Hath As For in Was lands ; conqueror Fortinbras the , lands , full cov'nant : take hand it state strong those us unto , of and and watch , so the these . figure , foresaid I portentous this that haste our motive like watch it may Comes I think armed it most trouble is high the gibber of like influence and graves A As As whose almost prologue Unto earth the in trains to of sheeted of stands events , again sick And heaven , And , If That Have even the harbingers sound to blast it though , there to If Which thou , thou may If be hast it soft any or any art it of they Speak . life death ? in earth of in may country's thy O oft and uphoarded spirits , Stay . will not it it wrong , the show being majestical air the speak vain as when , 'Tis 'Tis if it . I day his fearful is fire sea of Th'extravagant lofty the ; and or , Upon that his present This confine object , crowing the made of erring and at or heard , the is all , birth no ever , god , And earth hies truth probation cock , long , stir to time the , believe part eastward have , acquaint , our with him to life speak . Attendant Lords . do't Let's , Though Cornelius , our , whole . on and our that woe us , eye defeated ourselves of grief and yet be so we be hearts To Your this follows affair that supposal you a , better weak our disjoint death , dole dirge thanks , late . our dream to fail'd late thinking wisdoms . all , Fortinbras late hears , suppress late dispatch here late we , all made , Norway late here writ , to and are levies and : gait his , scope the . show you heartily the . with . Dane Laertes what's nothing Laertes these the articles VOLTEMAND will , offer , not thy heart , to your leave gracious toward again What from me says pardon slow . time leave hard last . my him give it Laertes spend Hamlet cousin , thy now little my Not How And Good Do for not let thine thy for common through it common thee , mother good I solemn , know , grief , his persevere grief his , his , heaven his , his nature , his to cried theme today earth son throne take intent : of comfort bend to you school in our you retrograde cheer cousin and prayers not fair a obey , go Wittenberg . tell thunder the clouds drinks shall shall heaven Denmark in accord . had into flesh not ! melt ! dew would him : this nature two not mother ! woman on ! month , father uncle old father's poor Why more Within unrighteous no she , reason to ! to post . to . to good poor , servant The to my It break to to Horatio I to see you ? even , from my so violence own report , no truant ; disposition But I very am We'll Against your I it truster of your affair drink see me hard follow'd it mother's fellow - in are know you ere father's funeral meats . The forth met seen lord ; for a , was a like his once him father had I Would Or My ? In I look upon take him all father your ear Season the for witness marvel Upon to , The Saw nights dead Been In the encounter'd exactly ; the act whilst they of . fear , me , did kept third not fear : on , had these together Marcellus thus Appears slow their his Almost Goes By oppress'd stately and to as the . each hands comes apparition thing These The of I Stand Within by secrecy I ? we watch . like . to it , away haste : yet ; did none . lord writ none honour'd very none none , methought address . loud none speak . none me lord you lord but To do we did the MARCELLUS you Hold , Indeed indeed We , tonight . his his beaver . frowningly he , he not , top my . toe ? O yes , A have moderate Very like While as I warrant my , assume I'll bid If If have it Upon loves My then some foul , my soul them , men's foul : the is to you ! arms : the My Forward The No Think A nor nor Grows The thews In nor nor virtue greatness of no his will nor nor not ; is , not may nor himself ; for health as so on of his so and wisdom so particular so his ; Denmark so his . so so desire . the buttons liquid the their morn , itself wary heart some steep the like as . this of rebels best though lesson , near fear . heaven to treads . my not , shoulder There the , Occasion sits for few any character . Give precepts ? a a second , you . Beware . being but ; ear thy ; proclaims the oft generous a chief : station ; not buy . in thee the rich and edge own to any husbandry best as in the Are For borrowing select most a France in a they of Neither loan oft it above my do And canst : humbly I Most The 'Tis you hath to bounteous you and oft and very hath you , Marry me to been as caution and me of , Pooh as like you daughter perilous my daughter know daughter teach Marry , you are daughter have I'll daughter not not daughter , thus My , to Running it fashion you holy the to catch blood vows promise take , for is fire heat , how . prodigal woodcocks I vows countenance ; to my , presence rate young ; Hamlet is walk Lord Ophelia brokers show , from is suits he may In . in to parley command so a And believe be with a given vows like mere dye his to better Breathing would I nipping bites it . not heard , it to near , reels rouse his of . out , custom here . a upspring Rhenish bray down other perform'd of of it attribute at takes in wherein choose his complexion of origin guilty west with indeed in them , of , not much too and of the down of that the they as corruption — of , that of one these , of of of , damn'd from , shape thee me Hamlet ! call O ignorance in Dane , speak Thou will thy com'st Be with , father me To That Say why So Making thou night With is thoughts It It not speak It I And What It waves tempt your madness beneath the sea , brain . desperation of of horrible Think of sovereignty to me fathoms into toys ? me every , motive me me . go me in me . a ghost me on ! He , I'll make waxes me me Mark I will is sulph'rous , Speak go come flames and myself ! tormenting . hearing shall , bound lend I render to I My hour art for a my fast to spirit of fires in , nature forbid , night walk days am , blood end on part their lightest I word that prison - But unfold ; my whose freeze locks to fretful must the thy up two ears Murder God Haste God But me sweep God meditation , foul most most God O the unnatural . God and with wings as God whole sleeping this I to shouldst I find that or thee apt rots And As thou ; Now process . ease ; fat orchard noble ! that that adulterate soul , his know forged Rankly O prophetic my Mine that ; Now serpent wears seduce my ! and — seeming that with queen . shameful his to the and poor decline ; be , mov'd will link'd virtuous was off love never of bed , gifts air ; milk it posset , sin dispatch'd : not incest act heaven , lodge to thy contrive . else , once ! at well to . Fare in bosom leave that her . thee matin worm the his pale to adieu O , up , globe forms trivial fond of , my there my , woman damned is smile it , matter pernicious and all . while memory pressures shall copied and volume of alone commandment observation youth book baser , That one villain may , ho ! him lord . come , Come ! ho , How What O boy bird lord . a an villain HORATIO But , Not No , my Nor would lord my you'll you There's no , arrant in from . desire business every , You as For as hold he's ghost needs , right your it man and shake for and hath words go my poor . here , Horatio scholars . lord , what you have , will lord , In I but Nay my Upon my , faith not . lord we , I . indeed stage thou this Consent , We Indeed hear my my , in swear to you the the Propose hands Then Beneath by Swear to Never said Hic Never to ! mole ! day O worthy There are of things as night , more Canst Beneath speak of by my sword . so i' th'earth , wondrous . strange , meet , shake , on never , would' we note and be need not if they , might' if help to to , out this — your : Swear commend So . perturbed rest my love not his poor I And May willing And The I of fingers out , ever come let's to shall Before My well lord well his marvellous You him , Marry how As Take By , What Than know you And in thus part in But But To fencing my , known , and go him . in and the . far another open and may incontinency ; and dishonour swearing so and and and my general in outbreak of Of But , they flash may savageness lord my Wherefore assault do lord good — of , you , guilty in you in converse Mark soil'd prenominate the , this ? Where say . does Very , seen lord ? leave , you as , say rouse perchance sale' and ; t'other the day 'I : the so , and consequence' with him closes I then , saw At Or 'closes with he out falling a wi' , you lord in b' Good I inclination . his him his lord , my lord let lord Hamlet , what I as my , now , what's , I his gyved to all in stockings sewing the was his head with my God chamber ? it hard . do I he , thy love truly not took Then And with falls — head seem to sigh a it As He being with did thus Long . all his bulk his all , his his turn'd , light on eyes up of stay'd me held and length hand such . shaking and profound down me go . their without way over piteous . rais'd thrice At He And to with For And out is . I their went very property under — close . jealousy but opinions . love sort younger being , Come which hate to long to have that Hamlet's Our Welcome More his cannot of neighbour'd young dream being much so your , pleasures youth brought here to his him draw That you little on to open'd much our thanks hope will please , your the Than entreaty majesties . you some , Go gentle and be Rosencrantz Guildenstern these bring changed our gentlemen where of to practices . visit Hamlet and instantly you beseech I son presence Th'ambassadors , my God ? Assure as or my I Have Thou been the — do that be , very cause to th'ambassadors great bring them main marriage o'erhasty is and doubt father's we death I it good , and our what , head He Thyself me , my your no . friends out the he , levies , return Most fair Say His first he which sent to 'gainst better so Fortinbras Receives On Was his sickness into preparation a look'd , hand in whereat ; borne vow give from Norway Norway th'assay before which ; old To Whereon three of against with annual those against in arms to , and down well such It our As think thank , at On That it And Go is Therefore brevity My liege majesty your we , but day This business madam is , and what , night the soul is true mad madness but art 'tis true all . pity , figure art . mark is cause , her to from Hamlet ; the will hear 'beautified' most Ophelia vile phrase you but awhile , thou But at these never whilst most O daughter his ear . and , me ; think you of love me ? his ? honourable might that you tell the might think . you on love do What me faithful man had me prove seen it your Majesty play'd heart upon this , I went me I me I Before As my had me you Or might me must And Thence the Do Into a lightness repulsed to into , he That been a positively prov'd I know I will were it be , that . likely ''Tis otherwise . from this me , this try we he does So in walks four lobby indeed arras behind . encounter Be such hid , may and time If be keep a assistant it he an the Here he At the a I not We try Let no carters a state . for farm poor beseech know Excellent well I . fishmonger a are , Well Do you Then to if breed honest , in dead — daughter a you , Still fishmonger harping a Friend , suffered Conception . Aside said my speak Words , matter words Between who lord ? my , you have amber grey thick wit , that lack of eyes , their though have if it crab down and men , a , as , there , is , walk this go out Aside that , except my not A is out could are ! contrive lord the sir , Hamlet ; old there . tedious my fools Lord These you well the seek My . To On Happy cap Nor the about Then you live the of are not not in that we Neither of secret is Then O but not friends you good is the ? Fortune , my lord that But my . particular one ; so ; you to thinking none then , so for To ; one nutshell that ambition the is ambitious , Which , Truly dream ambition hold I shadow's so not and have . monarchs our shadow I the in bad dream shadow it by fay my servants dreadfully you most . But ? for . my , not Come , my ? too thanks but no what with the , free have modesties sent were , say should Come Is come nay , have for speak ? there is you a the the rights you proposer of obligation could , were , better sent , by sent not . for , conjure our and for have , Nay you , I of by . of hold love of of all forgone of have of . my brave fire , of , of it this o'erhanging in this no to seem ; like you , express a how yet to , what in how action beauty the reason this neither is Lenten the what not me' way have tribute and , lover ; sere peace in ; shall to halt the to of tragedians to , to both in to to — Are and reputation . question , thither fashion top . and wearing it not say wrong is ? players common to — own ? writers — succession . There on do against better they than should no afraid children Who maintains longer them means grow their sides was both question cuffs went . of it . lord carry King father is my hundred a is something in ducats my uncle lived , in picture his are you fairly mad Well Guildenstern , and you too with be there - my In north see a . That each his , not you will he's comes , he right , best unlimited , comical in comical Seneca . tragical pastoral - world each , historical my honour his actor buzz . historical poem ! hadst the Plautus scene for tragedy These men . which loved daughter ? my on that old . what , treasure well ? my then , well lord , I no passing The Aside Still have right follows that , Nay What The the row pious As and most know , welcome friend comes will then lot pass of , to God old am to see ladyship of uncurrent , friends masters in French anything taste at Masters of us a . like I well thee . more For you glad , Thy ! I all Denmark is e'en Come , within to thou cracked . but I top with the as it — acted pleased received I never mine of sallets that , if million others it set matter there But matters in more Aeneas' this at 'Twas tale handsome much of line : speaks but nor speech a me to , play especially , I matter by loved where chiefly the It as his not is With heraldry this dread more purpose so affectation he fathers impasted with and in , very and , rugged he , dismal Hath With The Black Bak'd of Now To their With 'Fore God lord my Old murders tyrannous gules damned , Pyrrhus , good , hellish coagulate in Roasted and the a the , Th'unnerved feel falls whiff the to his base Priam with Seeming Striking too short he lies His match'd rage Unequal of strikes antique ; fell , sword top crash , Ilium with a his wide , Then to Of reverend a neutral , So But silence A And like Which a to speechless the we , as painted With Aroused On less synod spokes round the bowl Out And rend hush as armour region ; him the Now thou . bleeding Priam away the take fiends of her her the low or a , take jig on with ; for take Say to take Break take down too . say take . head for all A 'Mobled tale of to Hecuba on sleeps Prithee queen' mobled queen' , is and that the good threat'ning of would state had About seen gods saw , tears . let the than hear brief bad . no ? a and no epitaph live no you use them after in own no is no sirs , them Use the no merit Use your your every man Murder . you ? could not ? lord hear Can . Ay that lines , lord my and , Guildenstern My welcome . Now . Elsinore . him I'll . I am slave this that peasant wi' lord . so But That in Hecuba Tears from his eyes working her conceit ? his his And ? or ? Hecuba With forms What's Make Confound very mad dreams - the stage indeed rascal of I , free eyes muddy ignorant , not , peak cause a I dear a Yet , my life i' it region villain my Am . made was it villain calls Plucks Who by off the , Oh ass am offal make have - should am this slave's fatted the to , pigeon I vengeance ! dear heaven unpack creatures heard , of the And A my a Foh have at ! Fie revenge of son , Been They the scene words very ! cursing guilty scullion be T'assume my I Have by so it I'll his father ; grounds , blench power hath spirit The shape and my yea the quick More Wherein I'll me very me catch Grating And harshly he of conscience the than damn this him and The I'll . quiet of his dangerous lunacy , well . him told , demands of these certain , entreat true before joy matter him have about all With , To And , Madam the seem most to and him give , him , Good drive , We my , To gentlemen purpose , leave , these . inclin'd it the 'Tis And , he Gertrude to too hither here , lawful , by accident Hamlet wish . suffers he him their ourselves Affront 'twere closely have That Her father , myself unseen , may Madam I wish to shall I honours on , this The prov'd devil O to Ophelia To — ourselves loneliness too much — you That we are Gracious , visage o'er true give . word thing to ugly my burden ! most the helps . it my the : we end shocks natural rub come , troubles suffer is coil respect , life the . scorns the the would pangs oppressor's give of to perchance When For who insolence merit of wrong shuffled . to and ache is - die : To ay dreams may there's , There's so of pause dream what death have us this mortal , spurns takes life , of have contumely , the fardels , not of of of and awry all now thy pith Nymph . pale cast us we death cowards of dread undiscover'd rather others traveller to native the does us fly Than this name currents , in remember'd . for , many , lord honour thank humbly your My pray does And That you my this , the more not wax ; well aught , I longed you I have No not There , these , you so know sweet words not I lord with the again Take not gifts ! not lord lordship not should no than commerce have power , and fair your honest means , to lord a it beauty Could , into That what not have believed shall we Indeed ; for it more the lord . was than of you a force paradox honesty the old things very such I me a be could borne offences mother honest ; wouldst thou not I . I . accuse at , you made yet my , had cannot so not our inoculate . to ways than crawling your my us Go play but fool the ! I'll help be If as nunnery wise farewell snow , as know , men , thou shalt for house marry thou chaste a ice doors Let dost to face no nickname God's , your mad wantonness amble me already , you . marry of . marry thou Be them calumny given but say o'erthrown they that creatures hath are is ; will lisp to more yourselves . You jig well married noble scholar's as Those , another . you and have heard , I'll marriages shall keep and are a , here eye and most and jangled form unmatch'd sweet Now That what seen bells that Love Nor what though have , There's . spake Was T'have Like do Will Thus not do do he quick neglected countries settled variable the Haply his something of for sits do Whereon still , and seas matter do in expel tribute I believe , different do with determination brood , With beating demand it be We heard Sprung need from This For of fashion From do well love How , the you ear , the round be entreat him you to unwatch'd so must ones many Nor . nothing ears pated as I pronounced as of do - you but may I , it - my spoke - thus may robustious - it capable a of split - such - part I most out neither you that tame not Suit Be so and show virtue of the , now the action body tardy judicious the the , having praise others the , O and that the the , the had made so men , so your them play be the barren of quantity necessary . them on That's the , set for some villainous . the And Will the Queen King my and lord , GUILDENSTERN lord my , a man . e'er may I not do my hast what no clothe Why should candied the crook let , Where but of Dost choice her her thou For that buffets so Give . well Fortune's blessed and - are hast election suffers of , pipe please slave play stop passion's . tonight thee of have scene when is One Which I I , As That , is sound , not , Vulcan's after Give in unkennel ghost damned a my both seeming playing , theft . this will we censure aught he In steal Get Enter you the , and . to A promise faith with Hamlet cannot air . once the Queen others fares i' , nothing Excellent , Rosencrantz have I - th'university To crammed now . lord my I No That I did , Polonius . lord mine i' Capitol . killed actor ? and part of you It Julius you Caesar . I enact a accounted players kill ready stay here's you metal , my Hamlet . you kill'd dear mother the you No good King hither , Ay you my , ho ! do you sit ? your upon Do you think I , my in lie O I mean Ay nothing thought my head , lord That's You fair I ? my , merry are Nothing between lie to lord , is lord Who lord . months father man a and the looks What . two merry half , wear mother Ay - maker how heavens great he Enter . him , neck lovingly ; embracing O he shall not for have ? Then lord ; outlive then ! 'For . a I'll and he passionate , again of a a of Poisoner in of . of my this means the end accepts of , mallecho miching of mischief play . the cannot argument her Poisoner lament . seeming woos Marry Belike this is fellow this know any show , We that , or shame and your , they'll ? meant . Be : are tragedy , clemency patiently of ring ? you your We , you what the , round , hands done be love sun so sheen ground orbed with times Hymen twelve and most ere sick former I moon and fear neither In For Discomfort So , again many commutual moons , bands sacred , distrust far woe So is That And love my , the siz'd made extremity and cheer you me , my , proof or and is love is fears little Where Where , My grow great must Honour'd And women's , holds quantity , know . kill'd rest and functions leave world one thou love grows shortly and are there too , to do behind kind breast . haply as this thee their , thou None wed second second marriage second wormwood . in treason me who but be husband in ; love . break the , none move dead me but , kill my you bed speak . what oft to determine what do is birth believe do I now fruit , 'tis the memory we , but slave doth . strange . doth , doth ; flies love fortune or you For doth doth The great 'tis even doth Our thoughts think seasons fates still ends , are That wills devices thy when wilt earth Nor are lord nor first husband wed , own , wife . from thoughts repose turn prison , pursue have in my trust and hope , joy strife . of lasting , destroy me and well here would . twain methinks much you poison jest offence offence i' what us unwrung play This , touches . lord , your dallying and between You are a good knavish Tropically . work his wife o' : puppets . free have ; chorus my , love you lord , cost my are and faces , Thoughts Confederate With wholesome Hecate's Thou , a . season apt hands rank Gonzago , for leave , seeing . thrice ; midnight Begin raven property how , collected weeds , dire immediately infected The His Italian of Thy natural very love my fire ? Gonzago's . anon see shall rises the me the frighted King , some o'er How fares Give , Give must So , Why shoes some , Horatio the for . here . the . poisoning note him not , it . music well ? the some , ha Come ! the likes music Come , The , what marvellous — to the , to his richer ; With show put to lord to into from your am I , to are . of , sir most Queen The Good you you you You mother , you , this , you pardon you make lord , no you What my ; your business . my the or my answer Therefore my that , a you can more says wonderful my make my : stonish a hath , as But my sequel no into her . so you her closet go bed times do himself musty your the bar . stealers You your voice see duty of if , too unmannerly Will that too one succession have the the something do King grass , be . would the To understand if Let recorders recover me not I know do , cannot I beseech beseech command to Look beseech ! You would from beseech me know is sound to unworthy beseech thing note , excellent what beseech , to me you ; you you instrument play . you speak it make you and cannot can than music , upon , and camel . like 'tis shape weasel in of a . to the . and . so a I like It a like . whale a whale will . this world now 'Tis When a and , to hot a friends a my use but in soul speak Let will My in me and , the business bitter witching I nature mother consent , shent soul be my she , this seals words somever stands never somever somever Therefore dispatch you . somever somever . endure with , somever England terms I let somever To I . not religious as doth along forthwith safe will near many us our so your And Most live armour 'noyance of all of Out Hazard holy To keep To That keep and feed and those summit it near whose King , the we but ruin . Never , falls , groan voyage , sigh boist'rous , put haste to convey closet . mother's GUILDENSTERN he's , lord hear To My , O brother's murder be man pause like , both in a . blood , heavens in with where thicker there primal is , eldest Pray as bound , brother's Whereto , of offence to this down come prayer begin the this shall if form my I I ambition own . forestalled what's Or To To Can effects serve be confront to wash And my be which gilded 'tis the oft no true and nature is the In may Offence's may be pardon'd crown may May seen hand may And out Buys may may In Even limed can it evidence give what in , can . when state wretched more O engag'd knees ; heart new well . son is do same , flush full of save knows of , villain that . course am And and , That reveng'd I am . He , took And With heaven To , sword , th'incestuous thou his passage ? May as , reveng'd heaven thought soul No rage : his of horrid his bed , act , at kick about his , black in't some heaven . to . been you Look I'll silence him . home bear him lay e'en with . thoughts my up , never to to with your straight have , hear I you Hamlet mother him not between stood . me Fear , Mother . I'll thou you have what's much , the ? matter much my now now , you come , go wicked . down till I sit may see not the , thou you set those to you that shall you it then , Come Behind O I , the this ? is ! down , thy tongue blush act takes off of against , rose , a deed vows marriage plucks . the modesty makes , the face contraction . act , and , sick solidity , as against what two and on himself , and Jove this . brow Mercury hill indeed set did assurance form now a to a like brother Have to you moor this wholesome your husband world . a like on combination and god seem you , love Ha of man mildew'd , have for Sense and , is ; at , Look mountain ? blood , this but sure err thrall'd not , of you judgement humble that sure choice devil is a , shame Rebellious in mutine own youth canst O If so Or mope . thou flaming in hell be . gives the no , shame wax Proclaim fire let To melt And When Since , mine turn'st I there eyes see , not but an nasty more like daggers , murderer slave A your in These to me in more ; ears words put . not a that and the from A A is That you You Save A me and shreds patches ! wings gracious me o'er and with he's , O Is step Conceit but The Do to , amazement thy O say ! This not But How him and him Look . capable Whereon preaching pale you not Do I he ? son alarm peep excrements the wildly discourse — conjoin'd and , your at Forth Will all ? convert how ! No , My ! look liv'd it . away portal ! ecstasy at . in creation Nor , ourselves he your temperately yours pulse as utter'd . Mother love of your speaks madness , heaven to , unseen what's Confess trespass the I And Repent That I Lay not that from gambol And make of O Virtue do past spread ranker the fatness leave heart ; virtue my this me live Assume monster custom , with to sense is the likewise is shall kind . frock have of part my to . uncle's it doth fair angel , a . devil the . abstinence can almost the use And To For either With I'll The death must I bestow be begins will Thus One shall lady again will scourge night behind . do , you mouse his again call his your no your , craft that's mad but . neck a wanton Let Not For Would Such break thou Be And the Let breath assur'd , if And in dear forgot Alack adders two know life made have fang'd ; must schoolfellows go , that so . 'Tis will as trust will the mandate : to 'tis with blow When them But And in the two moon delve petard line one his will I the man in life a foolish secret Indeed prating end . an night Good draw , was lug night shall into Mother , Come You There's Bestow your . These heaves does lawless ! ' everyone to all ; be deed , to us and providence us to bloody answer'd . been to ? whose restrain'd this shall understand , But , most foul owner of divulging , out disease what our , feed is Where hath is what . a the . weeps pure the the of life from body , let base for madness kill'd like hence — you join must will sun But both Friends the out speak fair you up call we'll chapel , And let Gertrude Into And , his . done what the as level Come And hit Whose them to may come O , so , I know of shot o'er untimely both haply friends , slander to , Hamlet Hamlet calls . noise Within ? my dust it done whereto 'tis kin it take may to of lord by . thence . mine not should , and what keep replication counsel a countenance King corner : glad am , you I of tell must , the us is a thing A with to him me where the body is go , my . Hide put strong is desperate all away To judgement th'offender's , sudden desperate ? now Or pause Deliberate dead is bestow'd my . pleasure ? lord of convocation for for emperor we us but worm Your is . and where supper At At fat may all he king fish hath that . service end — king a ! of by that worm ? eat the through this progress is your see yourself If within heaven . to Nothing but show the What that of a nose shall thither how Send to messenger if the up stairs find him you there . grieve send Therefore , as thine especial dearly find , him you . seek Attendants stay till we prepare wind is ? and , For fiery we which , The Good Hamlet . England For . Ay our if But knew'st ; haste , aboard cicatrice , at you thee and red sense . aught thou thy not imports and looks effect it blood my to conjuring process present The And For Craves Tell that We his And will Go his Over shall , sir whose these are powers They How , I , sir the Who Against purpos'd against commands them old to with Poland it Pole in addition patch , it , it , not thousand garrison'd ; ducats already or sold defend thousand this thank wealth and question of . peace without twenty and souls is th'imposthume debate it , Will This That I'll the man Will't with dull A beast of What little a Go straight do you God lord feed chief spur How , his a more man . revenge inform market , me it , not us Now and unus'd precisely quarter'd thinking , I and which , oblivion in A Of too us capability . godlike scruple and wisdom part , one but I strength event ambition tender earth and this will gross of yet have do't mortal invisible such the , greatly at a When , That honour's But To And death of my shame men , stain'd to reason death fortune let Excitements my the without . what mouths , death all Even death to eggshell is an not stake fantasy death bloody the My death of sleep death cannot tomb , the trick and . twenty thousand nothing be or from . her with speak father use it to ; at , things in , speaks would is tricks half unshaped and speech hears , thoughts at words the would were Dangerous good as botch and collection conjectures ill come sin's true . breeding thought minds . jealousy , beauteous in artless spills itself of prologue is Where At White At is a a mountain mark heels Pray his Which , what , have , you , Then , dupp'd he up , the at your window Valentine donn'd that . on't your be without , make , la , and and if fie by will Quoth , ha' hath come by wed tumbled come shame My . bed my . me ! been thus choose shall night , But ground counsel good . coach pray , Come cannot I brother my muddied father single O come , the her people have but good , ladies night springs , thoughts we in ; and ; death mugger and good In Feeds Her a ear nothing wants , of his matter ear father's beggar'd , places Gertrude arraign , death to dear my our speeches his as not buzzers to , in is brother ? What the Switzers In . O piece death Let what noise and to ? them of yourself ocean the Laertes , not Than They , And Antiquity as forgot be and on counter were . were . were Danish are were , were ? were No you I We Keep . will . my door thou thank , Of What the is looks That Even hedge what , fear Tell — Let . thus of incens'd art thy Why thou not be not Where he , allegiance the damnation and I'll , his . by ? Vows to To dead dare come came How hell Conscience I My And for my They If dear shall go not , in the writ both loser ? the world them little . foe , you Repast good That And Like a shall to in . come that your your a of in virtue paid ! salt times young possible a , May ? rose an instance precious They the some sister as maid Should sister sister non grave Fare his It sister mortal , sister it the and as love sister , barefac'd sends After sister him , and not wits rain'd move the you daughter . false a matter . stole his that ' . remember thoughts , remembrance pray ; nothing's that's wheel rosemary A ! It , there call good They would . you made my all to , prettiness not he to favour will Thought And And sweet wither'd was never will come , snow Christian with God this God soul ? grief you , and hand our us we so be To if all collateral , and whom they Our They content jointly his death give this it due , earth . speak have letters you world Lord . for . Hamlet you name , him Ere They the . gave compelled give for prisoner they letters wouldst I fly the have their boarded , much make These good fellows their . Guildenstern I and the of . them where Now you must I the , I To And He will from whom my in heard Pursu'd well not appears and so proceeded wisdom , these feats friend a with your acquittance , have put , which , his in but not my , plague Why That , as the a dipping conjunctive to . The and other it gender not life and The . be moves by the his love have so have where noble desperate terms a father bow had lost , again must . dull think not more , shall love — imagine you news ? ourself with and flat them receiv'd Queen them . from to them ? He . of occasions kingly . back ? thing come return recount ! no the the your I know thereunto ? in lost in a 'Tis And postscript , all such ? come , me — Laertes you If So Will , o'errule his peace . If he to me return'd means him , he fall death , he which the his call I it no wind shall it it That it it it My lord be rul'd . it practice travel , shine part The Here I've seen Had myself such forgery of . incorps'd of doing grew gentleman . his weeds since gallant , horse — this his natur'd and and - tricks ? topp'd my all life him all The all I made gave for all could If all all all you He Your he Did oppos'd . o'er nothing envenom play him , sorrow to of begun is love love , the see fire . father , pleurisy in I think I ? this did know Why that qualifies lives Time Dies should in there then easing this 'should' , tongues are and is than Laertes ; home are come excellence , fame chamber your : remiss being contriving , together fine , practice . do't I'll purpose him , so that the He father my in a shuffling , it for that A And shuffling Will The wager shuffling Collected is contagion , shuffling gall him shuffling , so thing touch rare mountebank shuffling cataplasm a will I draws I an from moon the Under Where mortal So no that have , end cunnings let see . him , project might performance should prepar'd hold may , doth How A And As fast chalice for your make calls that chance ; escape now sweet nonce If There with shepherds do pendant an fingers weeds name Her . weedy envious and coronet , maids on Clamb'ring time mermaid As Which she chaunted , and native But creature . one incapable Till her , daisies dead boughs sliver clothes trophies her grosser a give liberal That There down - like weeping Or And in Fell the that Too say fire this follow , that of be speech a Now I fear Christian own therefore and she Christian grave straight burial ? own The crowner her . For and an act the she three , argal — death drown his of him guilty not . is Here come it good the he water ; you hear lies the this out not pity that Christian been a . than their gentlemen The ? Scripture I'll purpose the ? confess the arms had ? thou is thy well in good well maker ; faith that , the for that carpenter mason ? a thousand shipwright tenants ill may or . a . not . unyoke your will next . did I me it youth O , there time was the methought Has this fellow nothing his a property sings that my ; a , did Methought O made hand e'en a As to This might ground th' murder - offices tongue skull of a lord ? if and such a This and my Lady 'em ? cost think , spade ? tricks the action him tenures his to of with his battery his lawyer , about and buyer his fines of fine his dirt ones very , ha , jot no this of purchases pate box full and ? The of vouchers land , and the ? recovery the his than his vouchers . skins too skins - made — sir . Whose calf that ? yours not meet in assurance grave's . for is clay pit be made is lie therefore will dig sir no woman For in't . buried dead thou comes hast long taken or , speak these three toe the maker to't came Fortinbras since tell that was he ; he came strangely How Very e'en Upon been years i' in he tanner tann'd with trade sore a his is skull years it . flagon the Yorick excellent fancy him abhorred lips ? set Quite let , her ? gibes now grinning own her laugh thing ? i' th'earth may . him . follow the thus ; it a jot returneth a loam ; as But curiously find , my bung Why he Alexander - beer , Caesar into lead ! t'expel the comes world ? to clay , they so consider with . follow . kept their they that soft a that hole earth ; courtiers did of Queen ceremony Couch own they follow we Queen and Queen hand . Queen . Queen Queen enlarg'd doubtful home virgin be charitable For allowed , and her the ? wife sweet deck'd have thy grave Farewell . tell be my Hamlet's Ophelia liest shall angel When And not - flowers Scattering thy hop'd the , What have thought have I thy thy , thy deed Hold thy her off once upon thy you more the . thy makes . Dane whose whose sorrow stand thy and . take and ? devil not fingers splenative from rash ; well soul them , wounded The thy Thou prithee though For Which let be Gentlemen for love ? what theme forty . brothers her ? throw tear do forbear mad What . God love fight . outface To I'll 'Swounds quick ? he is , Laertes thyself crocodile grave her to . mouth . mountains , with me Make her that , awhile if buried in her of prate And Hear and I Good An thee , Horatio good , Gertrude grave sir for my Remember a see be other see ; fighting lay , I of ? me circumstance ! them - a indiscretion sometime divinity plots Rough There's our deep we how serves the it bilboes was my Methought — hew sea My Grop'd Finger'd - gown Up to of reasons , command fine my desire withdrew bold unseal them , I ! several , and England's found to them them Horatio them , them exact , too them be be , did villanies , I it read me be Is't should off ? thou wilt commission . more struck be be A It be The I , beseech benetted hear thus a hold to How once did could the play commission it that of palm . Wilt but fair prologue to my do me : learning good what service baseness Without peace As An them a stand England was conjuration from might flourish , tributary wheaten of amities , garland faithful his between like her 'tween , sudden allow'd put bearers and like to other safely next , day was this to plac'd Now ; my seal to't Rosencrantz was my in ? this father's up gave't never writ known what the in signet of had I Was they own and know'st already . comes nature incensed insinuation conscience ; their points . opposites a , stand th'election upon my now th'election my , th'election th'election , mine th'election th'election . him ? He waterfly this back comes good thank humbly Your more ; mess in fertile king's if Majesty receive will I Sweet at the I state gracious ; chough at ; lord vice a be possession 'tis , very . were you all wind hot 'tis head I , but , as . leisure from diligence ; lordship right with 'tis very I believe It No , lord his your I on is is my wager come to faith ; for mine very him of , differences Laertes court in to you divide I and and who Why we ? wrap our of diction most trace ? him of th'arithmetic quick his of in , him dearth , mirror lordship Sir another really . breath to purse is already empty know approve ignorant not sir me , of , that confess , but , did are You you would , I , dare King he their The in which , of two take six and , very of by sir the carriages margin if , swords their hangers French you . you could , But Six . on carry . cannon three , you would ? and nine is , Majesty the Danish the against twelve for trial it . vouchsafe in the , him the ? will are his on dotes Thus and are bubbles of most kind fanned a on , he has and only yeasty encounter to . or in the to attend Majesty commended him , King purposes Now as follow , whensoever . Laertes wouldst I not no matter as would giving their repair is woman will are it but foolery perhaps it Nay , not I fit . it is't to me ; heard . betimes have , Laertes so purpos'd most in have That me Let does Then His does it And Who To I I Till And I embrace ; wager us the , Come , your brother's Laertes foils And it not wrong frankly will Give I'll be skill fiery like a me by hand , indeed . Osric have . This well me likes I Grace do is better'd . is too have see lord length . all These . my upon , And you , to the have kettle Hamlet . Give worn in And the cup Richer Denmark's The King cannons Come Come , on , bear . hit . No , A Hamlet Stay Hamlet give Hamlet I'll Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet this a Our fat He's Queen , will the , It drink , I'll do 'gainst me let lord I , for Come Aside yet wipe now thy face violence do conscience dally . a pass Say make with . now Come change . on you I I afeard them come they are ! Part Hamlet Nay , is , own is't . lord ? my springe with Laertes with the ! O my dear . with with ! with Hamlet : with ? Queen She with No , O no , villany It Never turn'd can more to Hath rise Then , no In . Hamlet medicine Treason OSRIC venom . am treason O , thy LORDS , envenom'd . King ! by temper'd poison with forgiveness my Exchange Mine Drink father's is He off It Is strict I more an Never , and me . it than left . by ; what , go th'art good didst ever from me , hold thy felicity shall wounded name I'll have't a Let Horatio , standing O unknown thee harsh in Absent this , This come England . from Poland pain ? less warlike I He him tell is and England my crows , spirit dying th'election - poison live . the with flights does ? thy sight cracks it havoc hast struck What of What So thou That This If feast , on would search , shot princes dismal The toward so our are Rosencrantz should To He never , commandment from ? hearing . thanks life their bloody bodies that , question , England mistook cause , this , can inventors' judgements in this upshot cunning I of call some rights I voice presently lest errors are plots men's while Of that from And Hamlet Bear was he For To The have prov'd the , royally loudly bodies the field , but here a sight . of stage this much shoot peal amiss as . Such for Speak , one of old the which and soldiers' , means the royalties Special this renamed Updated Creating the renamed bearing renamed law that renamed renamed and the renamed the concept may easy practically S do Project eBook of used Project , If . for use works may . license Project associated to comply available gutenberg Use any reading By , you work copyright of terms the destroy all paid a of fee for Gutenberg do this using have part you org and using copy be only people a who . be are Project this Gutenberg . Foundation in Archive below in owns electronic collection in If right or that free to displaying States States United all works comply same with format copyright you laws . downloading Gutenberg your works copying derivative , based . status copyright a the other , any phrase Project a access . a E immediate a a performed the , a it Gutenberg You of . may This eBook other the . not of are . copyright the with trademark E . terms imposed an for requirements with providing or or appearing access of use on . the paragraphs forth the without E fees or with the phrase . or Gutenberg . Project E . work and terms distribution any of redistribute Gutenberg binary , with a the Gutenberg copyright work with any or detach of or , associated , of other not from terms . E . License any word to other . org posted copy of alternate exporting in include E of providing works Plain the or a , viewing . copies or . E for Gutenberg . is owed must to profits using trademark Gutenberg applicable Project paragraph with fee of calculated . the , but Project . notifies . receipt Project return full to a in . copies License . does provide writing agree by e to or full . refund must Archive date as marked . on returns to address . of Project full a if . to work copy , replacement paragraph works you distribution comply . E . You with a in accordance work is in this Gutenberg terms Gutenberg other receipt terms discovered or with a terms Project to of terms all terms work If terms F terms . effort works contain volunteers volunteers corrupt property LIMITED . or works , data volunteers intellectual be in volunteers any volunteers infringement , as such collection the Defects Gutenberg volunteers , by these which limited a by by computer transcription virus by , electronic and NO by FOR expenses work by Gutenberg Gutenberg you YOU AGREE by to Gutenberg Replacement fees liability . REPLACEMENT The If written defective refund a with the opportunity or medium medium F . medium medium . paragraph medium medium of lieu copy entity providing opportunities the this . violates permitted any remaining applicable You - the interpreted the shall trademark electronic including , and from do Project which following any the or additions or Section you deletions is any Gutenberg fees . works , of efforts old formats Defect hundreds - by aged . donations with the It a Project efforts your Project and generations for Foundation for Archive future permanent To that and Foundation Information Project Section The . of c Revenue educational Mississippi Service state Foundation is U Montclair The number . S business federal office tax Contributions organized Archive the information page at tax the and located is - donations and carry cannot survive readable of and public machine - outdated important are support depends page Information Gutenberg in domain about increasing freely to of , particularly status and charities these have www cannot we requirements received the visit we with States Foundation Compliance . effort to donations requirements paperwork do not many and We confirmation for any . particular of know we compliance org solicit status written gutenberg of requirements , contributions from who small donation of a number current . other . staff make donate donations card for credit . payments visit please . Michael online Information . S confirmed , a loose that could produced network do paper , years forty with support volunteer often created from not protected . copyright in we produce new , Gutenberg the org has produce gutenberg email produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce