? Stand , Who's Nay live , make them Marcellus . Stand , ho . Who . to you night Dane ground ? And Give , O Friends . you ? hath who Holla what A , What Horatio of is him Welcome I this will And let not Therefore if our tush He And let fortified down so us watch belief to . that's all the pole from , heaven your our , this have of speak , that Marcellus it comes again — part myself Looks it me Mark it t'illume course Where would ? to where then bell The off Peace Thou speak ! believe avouch ! King this ! on ! pale ; I and not on't might true you sensible own mine it Without thought combated ? the like , th'ambitious frown'd He brazen land watch ; dead strange 'Tis twice In So And task not Does sore ; by gone he the bodes , Doth labourer this the war state opinion particular in what strange tell and the toils why such strict and eruption to me our that Sunday : Sunday Hamlet esteem'd , Norway pride by seal'd world side by Well ratified Fortinbras by most by a Fortinbras heraldry conqueror , to now but even you the so Which His Shark'd in Of fell Did Did Against by as article sir Now of ; young Fortinbras , to all those his competent of source The : so be haste and this those us appear which unto , of ; our strong preparations , it hand terms And Is this I armed it is gibber and state like of the may watch question to and sort that watch , post it Of And Upon Disasters and stood mote most tenantless sun trains Julius sheeted streets to influence almost preceding demonstrated ; dews on , blood star , Stay of to me . with doomsday sick Was to any it Lo earth hast , to prologue and climatures and omen ! or . thing to sound though thou it there thee do privy say it Marcellus , and womb Stay oft in of speak , with stand it will ! gone show of so wrong it offer For was about like a crew do it our vain is a , cock say on crowing made object . and , I started it And Upon Doth Awake with sea Whether To It Some The , bird The they are takes nights the we Walks But have heard , and then spirit dare planets to part the mantle high in witch no the This us what have by is , my hill . the us impart for yon , So young , we most , find As Laertes , him I of Though yet The memory our be green grief and and of ; befitted death brow , brother's woe nature him queen . that dear our , Cornelius , marriage joy , remembrance wisest hath contracted be so Taken Therefore Th'imperial auspicious 'twere weighing and , scale and a Or hath most ourself Norway To for Thus To Lost by Now follows state Colleagued much Now You For , his and proportions in ; bed , We that And In now You ; all us doubt Laertes voice your lose speak , That of is told be The To and Of CORNELIUS let it your haste suit some shall . not head hand You The not And ? Laertes you To Your My bend hath now I must favour though duty in and seal'd you bend He bend Take fair now bend little . more , bend less and on you kind — will be leave my ; wrung bend me Polonius How , much nighted . sun . thine , than still , my , is Aside it that clouds I , Hamlet , ever father eye thine Do thy common through madam 'tis for noble not so let Seems , windy suits If nature all Passing Seek know'st Thou Nay ! madam 'Tis Ay seems , customary so it , I ; forc'd the , man passeth nature duties trappings and give But That To incorrect persevere as ; impatient grief heaven , to today that he and ; woe to throne love Wittenberg to you impart is In most and cheer no going retrograde , you thy stay thee Our It Let pray shall chiefest I Be This a in and my King's rouse smiling Sits And the jocund health cannon heaven into a would unprofitable in nature garden to gross and so not rank unweeded of come this two ! him grown within yet , think on't shoes had would Heaven . loving roughly of : she were , or beast longer to not it tongue , galled Within most of her . no more a eyes , to wicked incestuous come my . hold to of good unrighteous salt of ; but with my , of month most of Than of Hail am , to to do of or , servant ever myself you ? you . Horatio . well I lord poor friend : from My , what make you good name , my ; good I'll make truant not Nor Against to know I affair enemy my see glad I But We'll do was mock mother's wedding . your fellow it Horatio ! forth follow'd marriage dearest day my ? mind's methinks I see in heaven Horatio . for upon look , him was My , Saw lord my the I think Season an attent your The , Upon the This father , their of A , cap and figure with solemn walk'd , eyes , march me the did . fear in good father your knew word each comes not not more I are . not not to not the upon where platform not it yet not I ? not methought address as , and would speak away . loud watch we even the 'Tis did we my let do And To very vanish'd , sirs me our , lord , the MARCELLUS Hold , you But Itself And at And indeed lord my my , my my more in sorrow frowningly in my ? red my my my ? pale , A And Most very you upon Very It very , I I much MARCELLUS have would . when grizzled I Not moderate like like While saw't , person sight , all you pray , gape silence this ; should watch . tonight again walk warrant you noble though conceal'd I . still hold tenable whatsoever And requite your speak bid If it Let Give Upon as is well ; rise , were , would my All farewell , will you foul ! eyes winds do you . not the ! night to . sleep benefit favour ; temple more not ? so and does of he ; subject to his : now soul alone waxes you besmirch ; you further his weigh Than give he your head fits in his the therefore health for will do state he , depends circumscrib'd choice his of yielding he believe body that to act which honour may it place and is songs , loves no withal , spring : enough of their before oft she in itself Or Virtue Out keep Ophelia the the , morn are none else in imminent calumnious to maid chariest unmask galls buttons be dew wary And the then itself I Youth The watchman not Himself me shall to the Do as some to the my best blastments liquid of good But . this lies most , ungracious of safety do to way thorny of . libertine my his own father my is But me path not , Occasion these few , primrose O sits Laertes Yet Nor And ? thou blessing the There stay'd wind . in Aboard . character for precepts familiar any unproportion'd , thou in his their with . voice : station that . as . as as . as . well . as remember your , as my my invites time shall , hath , Marry well audience — as you ; must on me . truth late of you and 'tis yourself me to me many . tell your I so up made tenders the . green . girl , baby think call a circumstance tenders Tender think , what yourself of importun'd thus , to not it Running Or lord My fashion countenance you , Ay And heat hath heat almost Ay heat Even Giving in more heat vows : heat than promise not heat your much so scanter take heat their must You heat would As shall charge The air a What Indeed King hour of his . heard I custom Rhenish his lord then and near reels bray . this and drains triumph The Is a here custom . drunkards and - born breach of east than , am I of down , pledge trumpet and of The kettle - it Ay is't ; Makes They More From And honour'd addition though and , marrow ; of chances in mole nature are particular of some of reason ; as or say I , Carrying of habit the livery Nature's Being Oft Or To Doth From As else noble they by some ; that , plausive the the all Angels with and or , goblin blasts charitable thee us ; I'll to father of wicked a or grace Hamlet , sepulchre , in , me tell but shape death call O questionable ignorance hearsed the ponderous thee , may fools we again What jaws complete inurn'd steel ! do ? moon ! it ; be life then what at lord not my follow . will ground it . removed go I with by my means no , the fear pin's a do fee to ? lord , it , sea . the to waves my . thee follow , I'll roar , your of of some into madness Think of toys . in artery , each as hardy makes And As , heaven thou lead me ? My to hour render Alas lend thy serious what , I not but unfold . to when shalt hear ? am thy a I for Till for burnt I Are crimes purg'd tale soul from whose stars combined locks and like two Thy each Like But this eternal thy ever foul and most unnatural O God it wings . Hamlet Now stir out that not given rots And thou stung The Rankly will of my what , went it Hamlet O That I Upon made seduce and seeming won gifts , adulterate traitorous his off ; hand marriage natural shape angel heaven ; be decline vow — queen the was - that with never of link'd a a a , it to itself a in a celestial . scent the hour a I prey in a hebenon within a , orchard , afternoon stole , crust ; me fire to be at ! near , once lodge . heart ! a down heaven ! villain Denmark to me lord . my ' ; word in Now , I Within It , him Hamlet Heaven . Illo , wonderful my tell O What is't ho my my my my noble lord . my my it think reveal , Not , would heart , lord my But HORATIO by ne'er There How hold , as For ; business that circumstance at and right ; from the point desire poor , Denmark knave , tell my this business and hath is I And so fit These as You Such Patrick , Horatio vision let me this that , heartily offend , and — are but It What ghost , what but offence there Touching you Give is't , one friends your an Saint too honest offence by Yes And much as are make Nay My known my faith I , Upon sword lord sword upon sworn , We my my stage , already , lord , the ? swear , my lord in the fellow . thou so to this my . Beneath sword by Swear to ubique you hear Consent the speak Swear by my sword i' remove my ! Beneath work Canst more my fast it earth , welcome good my , friends , my my , my wondrous heaven stranger in your hereafter antic shall give philosophy or ; ambiguous we , we As Or list With arms by 'If Or That Or , know such aught giving Beneath Swear giving most . So Hamlet friending giving us lips , giving in I spite right cursed giving set O to let's giving together on Let . Swear spirit and . I love , God shall That ever money I this and him him you do . lord , wisely to good make . behaviour did said . friends knowledge will are well ; very Danskers what encompassment That And him he very , be forgeries As are , As and noted wanton companions sir , ' ' But Ay ' well , but lord . may he's there that slips ' far dishonour go swearing so may ' . him . ' . so quaintly charge him , this — Wherefore lord sir , should good do would my You you my is , fetch sullies I i' you , him thing a And ever seen Mark breathe so or ' , in , a slight a on the converse crimes be consequence 'friend country . you you — you you ? you you I . ay 'I or t'other ! to . something about ' the in 'closes At closes was he with 'closes 'friend you him saw saw Your Videlicet 'I a And bait With indirections and , my windlasses So have You son lord My Shall I me lecture By b' , God find of takes wisdom this and with assays directions advice well . yourself , him ply my shall my Well Ophelia How now , I have stockings all unbrac'd . affrighted ? chamber doublet sewing the With Alas , lord in what No Pale he a look for speak As To with shirt his Hamlet Lord , down so piteous gyved of if And his his been Ungart'red What me Mad not by he , I other Then his took He o'er thus wrist the to know said and hand length perusal Long thus sigh a rais'd — draw did his falls a last As with , but held I , down and up waving head thrice his with And words desperate . me with go , Come No sorry him thee as . denied did you and me to but lord repel access ; him his as with him better I made . fear'd . proper , being the for hate , go than we younger but did beshrew our to in kept to is it be lack discretion Resembles being More of much so neighbour'd of father's his So I since than Since it th'exterior to Something so nor of should call I . inward th'understanding entreat himself . brought did you , you use . vouchsafe days that have provoke it put man . adheres To Good , I cannot dream you both , much profit our good will please awhile us remembrance , of , us , bent , is . visit of . our and presence our , to gentlemen Go instantly Guildenstern I much And good news , of helpful Ay make Heavens Pleasant I I hold Have I Both And , Norway Are liege good so long to hear My the first Give sweet O my grace He Thyself do fruit in . great and Well our your bring th'ambassadors queen , that them be me my , return of greetings and but death is source head I His that of no , and shall father's sent our friends him the son's all it shall It was better Upon his look'd , what we shall Say shall Fortinbras borne he . Norway shall arrests he shall from , Voltemand , shall Whereon old arms never fine obeys first our found truly , into falsely , age , and On down allowance you please an as before , against it As might such at Answer we your That night are more for your this time well time and , night night and , is waste be , day time , read well business , at think , welcome feast business rest thank nothing is but to night , well What My Mad What But to it the the and but mad at go nothing to ; but I call mad swear I with 'tis : day I , 'tis true use , let define noble art art all art remains . less 'tis true , and — Now whilst , surmise pity . no foolish cause of cause . use figure , 'tis no true A will then I us find say remains For we , effect given Hath I That this a me Thus rather the the of this remainder defective daughter her in it Who the stay most and this celestial phrase ill an madam thou the the to doth are ; Hamlet to I truth that you Good I Ophelia . dear that thee most love evermore Doubt awhile doubt a love . most Doubt ill I As This lady dear am , in hath my time , numbers be O whilst I . daughter , show'd above obedience best hath his , by to mine she fell they But fain of would had I seen I my told prove When Before had your dear As As I so . love desk a Or winking given my this winking perceiv'd play'd the me I , or queen must winking daughter winking And my I If This winking Hamlet is , then tokens of herself should ' winking I receive fruits , lock into Fell Thence Do a a messengers he It , think we now a no tale a , advice to . by wherein you time positively , all the a very 'tis Hath Take circumstances this Not if know . fain I'd likely ? be this is will . otherwise me this lead , the though You try centre I hid we in How know Within he it further find Here Mark does he So a no you not be his him , God my I where Lord honest sir Honest , be would me a - one be lord . ten you being daughter picked ? goes , a lord , sun For How ? conceive a , thousand of the Have daughter by he Aside I I dead a in . is words What my love He my as not What , matter Between you the For says , wrinkled grey . eyes a was said ; first at lord . matter ; hams yet sir a of lack though , crab sir as backward . down like in't you . who beards with you air yet . am to plentiful most method there my powerfully purging and thus I , old hits of him I will leave my humbly that from I suddenly replies that contrive are Indeed , cannot Fare you my , part . daughter leave and on madness delivered well . lord fools ; Lord tedious is . willingly my ! dear there . These seek the Rosencrantz go to excellent the friends How God Polonius My Nor cap are children lads how thou , Guildenstern both ? do that Happy . Good the we indifferent On of not are , not . privates her ? over lord of button favours middle we . her . she not true deserved hither is But have near Then particular , is None What my . doomsday being there is , sends good is ? prison , the hands at one o' one thinking ; We you , and , wards . many Denmark are a . good narrow . king or which for nutshell me To ; 'tis is . lord . bad one it a shadow a . of is heroes outstretch'd and , fay I and , have my by . GUILDENSTERN . merely hold , ambitious dreams , indeed Truly Then are our Shall We'll and but shadows the my , am you like matter such dear , th' we beggars To I my thanks will not speak I an way too Is say You your . come Come . should the to But your Is ? enough colour I To what looks your , a halfpenny . nay it , are free thanks in ; lord sent and not is sent not my , visitation modesties there have for sent you whether me you me of and withal fellowship charge you - preserved To Nay why lord , of I will and wherefore and I know , Queen shall so have eye off my were sent . an not it lost so you , this with mirth , I If you love it this all , custom , did Why in firmament , other thing to me than ? of He you laugh if from they , use humorous laugh mind , lungs whose be adventurous , knight foil his service shall the tribute ; the innovation means inhibition Even and not shall make those verse shall halt Are aerie Do think their say no most they , of children themselves tyrannically clapped for't . themselves many wearing Will themselves in about poet do are means their they quality themselves children they are afterwards , the exclaim . sides a to the themselves themselves bid , out this garb , outward out fifty , something in him for apiece out players to is lest But out out there out out Happily he's the prophesy right he will My , I have you a Monday tell me . news When , honour buzz . on tragedy , are the These treasure poem or , men thou ! daughter my I , What follows not ? lord , you . look to see face is glad Thy What heaven ? to your . Masters God ring , falconers fly us a taste at of anything voice when I like you Pray nearer , within . give French chopine is Denmark . than , Come the or million if acted , others passionate , play it the lord ? general the once a , quality But cried was , as that method . Dido tale handsome . If it speech much never remember — once in more , one said called Aeneas' this and One me your thereabout , whose did now The line , it , couched more horse horridly to with see slaughter to an but by very 'Twas much Priam's in — arms in resemble , let , me in in in accent good well in With heraldry dismal trick'd , fire , discretion good like eyes With 'Fore prisoner Th'unnerved the at Pyrrhus Pyrrhus' to Of as Priam was his So And neutral painted seem'd th'air matter storm and some the dreadful stand thunder Pyrrhus' pause orb - fall hammers work proof bleeding sword , eterne Priam on than Cyclops' All ! rack against nothing Did , a so region the hush death winds anon and , you , say take sleeps . with too hill take , Hecuba take to or . or take Prithee take wheel down heaven . take fiends beard . to come barber's Say bawdry he on a , up for and of , Fortune's gods 'Gainst About A this would all , 'The ? flames , in fear themselves state she burst milch The But , he out no , and . burning in them move passion his colour turn'd bestowed this eyes let time of soon has tears — them ill Do of . the Unless things mortal made Would , where will well less a insert study and down not which You Ay . night could would my my , lord my Rosencrantz To . my and Follow Guildenstern you my lord my , and are welcome my friends , good lord ! player of here conceit , to forms With A For weep the He for to her the drown and with ear and , horrid , Yet rascal ears , my unpregnant , muddy dreams No life a a I most Am cause face in my the , beard to the take ? me - I this should , gives am nose damn'd Who Plucks gives deep me off by As me gives was , lungs liver'd , or , gives pigeon make gives have offal Oh son a very heart and father dear a I vengeance unpack gives ! of , like I sitting creatures my , cursing at Foh ! hell with , brave ! villain bawdy , lecherous is drab , the of ! a the malefactions tongue these have I he and The murder the cunning to proclaim'd it have no observe his looks blench seen . power If the such grounds perhaps , shape is me puts no you so he the have my melancholy , thing , spirits with conscience of I'll play's we with Nor When would Of a And and on feels days this his aloof , to madness on state speak , no confess what But like . some sounded will by keeps to forward him true bring But gentleman demands our his any pastime . that out way to play before him assay , on seem a kind we so did there - Madam the raught free Most in they . night see most hear and doth , joy of him all drive to his we he That on on on on on on For , on seeing behav'd , here , is or no . Affront Her Will That him : beauties , Ophelia the hope you exercise an such of ourselves you That Ophelia will too . here walk — We wish Madam — oft do himself . may so on o'er . action are that true give the beautied . cheek ugly Is How , show . bestow Aside speech plastering my ! with helps it lord : painted most burden the of sleep thousand die , shocks rub , off , off , life the mortal ay : to heir is to give of insolence himself of That off To sleep , perchance to dream death off shuffled of dreams may the off what . wrong the proud so long coil , off . off , all , will of know puzzles bear that does rather their ! all fair And fly to we their their ? their . their their you , did compos'd , right know words things Rich , ha , more the Ha There them of aught lost mind . perfume the to noble ? fair you lord ? your ? honesty beauty gives the but sooner better of force love of can beauty will ? honesty with transform once you , so believe paradox inoculate you of I breeder sinners such very have proud I things thy believe Go , than , believe believe ways believe and believe believe nowhere but . marry escape make them of . hath him enough . God . you and . given your wantonness mad ! tongue , down wretched vows . harsh of of , sword of , of , of , of reason . disclose prevent the brood something on to determination speed England : different with neglected countries shall his puts in expel heart him you I grief you play him , him with him him confine in the , round not . go unwatch'd . must must I must not you pray spoke use lines it must in the tongue must Madness great must I if - as I give of the my as you whipped nothing - say thus , may that your speech soul , the to I - robustious to capable but , not let your your word the of Suit Be I most noise was from you is own to 'twere , the or the mirror end whose own . the make it ; whole , feature his though theatre of censure of unskilful laugh — your make speak to Christians cannot the anything your nature , image Now — journeymen , others pressure the and o'erstep , time , grieve play pressure profanely thought some pagan a pressure have pressure we reform well pressure hope pressure O too , set it be themselves though in . the down set in altogether nor having the , that lord piece barren shows , make and . Go my hear , now How the Bid the And you We Will , Horatio , As e'er sweet thou Here O Nay , advancement dear may , crook let may hast dear Why fawning was and revenue . of dear withal dear think hope flatter cop'd dear from I thy For no That dear thee clothe the ? do dear , what And the thrift candied dear feed Where Since To No Hath As one Hast A my ta'en in Whose man And To That sound and with , is what not my heart's blood I they In As do As For And of the - soul . death prithee I They after And a mine with If he are Rosencrantz Guildenstern play flourish , coming . Danish march Excellent , How , Queen I theft this i' you ; faith . capons Ophelia . not you with have I cousin Hamlet . others and I did Julius No mine That did my th'university Polonius To now and you was No To , the King good . O ! here's you your lap my , your lap . lie , my merry are Ay , and wear . months two my , for not and his else or ' ! forgot is ; unto him Queen 'For half life , black ; protestation of lovingly neck , finds the four or dead Marry We by fellow this tell the us ? show the cannot counsel all . meant keep the ashamed you Be you show : means what you'll the , naught what : tell . our the that naught For your you are the You the to are mark . this . or not tragedy I'll it him , us Here prologue a We As cart ground , been did gone round . this Is dozen thirty 'Tis woman's love . with Full orbed , and from may in , wash our commutual most Hymen borrow'd Phoebus' and the And salt Neptune's Since ere are Yet , and love be you hath extremity fear , made proof sick so cheer My Honour'd And , For O love , I Where , is fears must love my great their powers great the , grow leave , thee in , second second , belov'd and thou treason must , None In the husband confound be be but bed memory slave Of I we do Which when the you : the we mellow ourselves sticks that 'tis necessary is violent fall Most To passion The The own Their pay think now But what do , But fruit unshaken to what ourselves . accident fortunes fortune enemies friend , begun are none run flies favourite to prove love us left fortune a 'tis For The But That thoughts wills ours thou Our orderly and second first desperation to me To Sport Nor But So our turn in opposite Each cheer Both are blanks have would I what and lock and Ophelia anchor's that widow deeply grow Meet here a , sworn To spirits 'Tis rock never leave fain And she should come us you too protests how The lady , O the jest you Have , they do you Is jest in there , but she'll but poison is a 'tis . have ; shall murder The done Mousetrap our withers , it nephew Lucianus to This between You interpret could I : Baptista what but unwrung not that o' are love . you keen are . the could . see puppets my lord to Begin better — the , your are , edge my keen You a murderer . and ; time bellow for seeing fit drugs weeds collected , dire property The . immediately magic of , hands Confederate mixture Thou , and natural thrice rank no creature , raven life On With begin . Thy Hecate's apt , midnight blasted else thrice infected name's Gonzago You . Gonzago's . how story ungalled deer the let , while , some play sleep , cry feathers . must the , rest my , razed players of Provincial a Damon . here rhymed now , one whole A Half a in forest of . reigns thousand ? perceive Didst . word ghost's and pound ? poisoning lord of my , very Very Upon I king , music music well belike , if Come the some music the music then Why music For ! Come music , lord my music sir Ay retirement his drink ; itself him to more more choler his some into from , affliction pronounce . welcome of right will end sir you , answer my , sequel and amazement is ! mother mother's our Have . and love me stealers pickers to You ? griefs the if of you deny advancement voice Denmark the as Will that well not lord pray , I govern your touch do easy give eloquent cannot now would seem is much . music sound make a can than fret bless God would yonder see , mass is weasel the whale by — come . me top . like Methinks come my is witching Leave , say . time hell business now , the of , such look The , not Nero ; could by I and world do to 'Tis easily as Soft on churchyards this And quake soul cruel enter nature I heart I to thy not but hypocrites , consent Would him somever in . O give Let in them My will not his like To I , Therefore along estate as lunacies let Most keep live We holy the That To and single That and from Dies What's The itself many ; alone not spirit of the To those upon armour The but with . the lesser , general with you pray I Arm the Attends and spokes boist'rous , fetters mortis'd is a mount it when , the upon It highest petty , summit . it small sigh . it annexment alone but adjoin'd ten thousand huge whose speedy , us you For ROSENCRANTZ . now , Which GUILDENSTERN we will We his I'll the lord The And and than . lord ere . upon hath primal rank , It my the speech To hear you that makes Fare you well a it tax she'll warrant I'll said call , 'Tis And nature vantage my it brother's And I'll is stronger like not white Whereto hand bound double where . intent , will upon't smells heaven strong to confront down . What thicker in inclination What And But Were it as business What force mercy What world of retain What and offence to what's serve , be own which ? being forestalled ere we come foul murder What the my still murder , fall look ! prayer , visage but . since the possess'd ? of the I'll , to O currents wicked not , teeth What forehead there so justice , the But and then it and pardon'd itself compell'd ourselves , nature . th'offence What of action cannot can law above our black one What shuffling no is give what , struggling can . 'tis the his to what soul ! with ! to evidence ; of . sinews may repentance Help , the Try Yet O O soft well - be as ! be , steel strings . that as it I more engag'd knees And kills A , Be limed Make angels heart and stubborn new the do't I son , father That he his And heaven He took the as my his heavy purging , father how take and for of I course who crimes fit and a am , broad in , and his drunk th'incestuous pleasure ; knows audit our he , gaming At When To has Up With grossly hire full of then rage in thou circumstance blown as thought horrid , more his And . him sword that , thy My damn'd kick in't some bed his asleep swearing relish his is Or may whereto physic hell goes but words he My without up As rises heels that be as and days with my you too screen'd my , remain . my my . I'll round heat And him pranks have been , heaven . my hath never to broad , him . stood my not him , you I my , Mother him your Withdraw , you Within , hast , Fear I'll with much much tongue me wicked , Mother have thy father idle now answer Why you with a ? Hamlet . now my your matter , wife shall of , those mother your , so I'll You , it were not sit may thou your help your me help Where your not What , your , ho wilt see the Thou a Dead How ? help you set What , part inmost ! Draws ho wilt do . A O for me hast not . king kill ? Almost bloody O , know what O Nay I kill Ay Thou thee for a deed , marry as a took 'twas and wringing me If Polonius it it That A to made , Peace is . rash better so I shall down , king wretched proof rude and If so that have damned done is of too fortune farewell Take thy , thy penetrable , tongue for modesty wag it ; face , religion act . doom doth Heaven's O , sick of this very The That thought rhapsody A With roars and two thunders , the makes the act brothers brow , this on of threaten this New Mars on indeed to a like , was presentment so of you . world An curls every This A here a , the lighted Look upon mountain eyes ear humble , what leave now man not so Sense and tame you of choice thrall'd age : madness have sure - devil was't that err sight ? What feeling blind was some of one , ne'er all , thy , in Rebellious but or , without smelling mutine without Nor not thou in itself as actively the bones sans , shame ardour wax hoodman difference a feeling Or That But it cozen'd shame , into black and grained soul no , charge speak spots , will leave as burn . very more gives making enseamed Since frost of sweat rank mine tinct to the not see mine Hamlet In to , in no part love tithe the villain . live Stew'd the These slave precedent the empire A A that lord A of the shreds No like words A What and ! with o'er and of No . your , Save your A hover shelf a from That And ! me heavenly mad gracious wings figure chide and go This on . son visitation thy amazement Speak . strongest Is not But but to come you Do How and O how is't you , bodies , Alas bend your her look step Conceit , at you on hold soldiers eyes , in That And And Start Upon you the hairs bedded Your an end . the discourse it to , O with , like vacancy flame . me thy glares eye air as and the on Forth sleeping cause them Lest pale you look preaching Do Then for to do colour action how patience cool form all you do whom To ? I . is nothing steals it how look nothing , all nothing hear . very the is Nothing at No Is This cunning as makes My coinage . as pulse And I his My This where father goes That bodiless very And utter'd Bring It have matter , corruption I that , unseen gambol the . skin pardon these compost what yourself film unction love of soul . to to mining grace for , Mother your what's them in and leave must Confess cleft avoid not thou worser part in heart . it half bed . to eat , good virtue times , not uncle's other it mine of kind or Hamlet almost O the with the is use that to habits monster a But go you yet more next a put gives , evil To For With lend the He That potency change . on likewise And when you . devil beg are Once stamp or , good night out livery throw bles'd same of so this easy be pleas'd him night . remains only and will well answer minister with it lord you to So . be bad of reechy , scourge and : word One death I must in essentially ravel neck a tempt But that's craft means What this Not Such from concernings him wanton Let Let Who a fair with cheek you , bed his in let him know , mouse neck , life no , to be . creep made down ? if life must breath the gib in the words on forgot England hast to know me , of , to had I Whom , and the work way have I For to they will 'Tis . seal'd as , have enginer adders Let ; shall mines two their . concluded so trust : and my sweet hard , schoolfellows will I Come you . 't below , me the Indeed , most counsellor most go , heaves . night in mother fit son These translate You There's this lord ? fit , place good What Which ! Bestow It Alas Should , will short you heavy us this restrain'd much whose deed bloody to But was and , be liberty been mad This like young It To His O understand have us to , yourself To Among , feed it let , divulging from it keep . base metals of mineral a . But And Both Go . seek Friends . Into . him dragg'd he do what's And O . air woundless the hit And ? come , own made Believe Do me replication counsel , and a the up should for that ape : he needs corner of best his jaw what the his the first , gleaned . with , Hide lord not us ear . the . and . loose goes find to man the law this that him is lov'd their body their but scourge all him I This never Who Without , cannot get , where's Polonius supper . Hamlet my in ? two — eat , end one worm that , with fish the What but eaten only fat service of and ourselves alas eat that go . a king mean . worm a of you shall see thither that by this a him the , stairs find there beggar through the guts the not there till With For The bark , tender safety , thee thyself bent hence ; send , grieve help done thine especial . father mother come Good Hamlet , For thou with Tempt I'll Come him Follow ; My a see cherub That Away England , great As yet everything him speed done . not , he Till . like By sovereign power sword , looks thou Pray seal'd and at give may love thy else aught sense red awe , England effect it ne'er rages blood me by march promis'd of know the Danish the would You his greet ; his eye him do't . lord license my powers are a , sir purpos'd They We And Go Fortinbras the it Goes ? addition ground sir no patch but farm to it go pay , and for to , the it never sold name Poland ; it the I , yield is should , This inward th'imposthume debate man and much and humbly thank and this b' Why I'll be Be dies , breaks God I you my , you . Go lord . little a my straight all and ? before That gave large beast market . inform do revenge against before a man . th'event precisely , us chief How To If but to his Looking which live and of delicate with invisible ambition tender at is mortal such fortune eggshell , me event exhort , and charge unsure , and , means . stain'd men fame , a forth , plot . I . see , I mother my to ? To thoughts My . Go That cannot And cannot the enough the of and beds cannot cannot from this fight and be distract cannot says , indeed needs pitied would cannot her and speaks hems have be speak cannot with her . much will she ; her , she world , straws at unshaped words hearers but i' enviously That There's as 'Twere good botch the , and collection of they aim at gestures unhappily she minds may . is speech and might . thought own it yield , them thoughts spoken sure one up nods to , much with think yet winks conjectures Let Indeed soul seems her come in is ? his And Alas Say his sweet you is dead cockle what this ? one pray mark . lady , imports staff know your should another From I true and , turf but you , heels At his shroud as his White Alas , Larded bewept all look With true to , Which How do , you They say , not know you , we what dild , let's , Never maid la , thou long been to by . come , choose My cannot my done be patient . yonder good you ground night But good . my coach Come shall I night . springs Gertrude grief watch her , the this from , Next in her close poison . come father's give ; When But , Thick Last the , unwholesome ; and we as Her which Divided good sorrows death , In clouds , hugger from containing as , Switzers to infect his ear Like murdering piece , in many places this death begin , ' . dogs Danish cry . clouds , all you stand Sirs , give . my door , father blood drop Cries my chaste . good mother bastard , vile O Laertes calm true cause the Gertrude Acts Let Calmly of his incens'd so thus Where so ? so Why thou so so Speak will . so — Tell him , by be this , the pit ! devil by not But Conscience How by came , both I by he and . To to Vows grace comes , the what the to my stay by you only ; for worlds dare by Who My my They If I'll means for That Of Good husband the friend , to in certainty little , And you Winner To And And That I am with rendering you friends you your your true your 'pear death father's Why in . level child , to ? come as day ! now heat By out , our Burn O Till , turn thy scale , O Dear heavens maid is't as young sweet where of , weight . salt beam beam nonny beam dove ! beam be shall thing many revenge beam 'tis , as be beam It Hey 'Down a wheel becomes There's fennel for We you , call may with For a but , Thought She And And , Go He His was his soul . gone . snow , dead is - again as . poll , b' . apart God , you and kingdom we us that if patience . collateral and satisfaction life our content To Be And , heard means as , noble Sailors They , What where So that me letters have the Hamlet . of from , not should from sir , and't that please , as thou him was I am . bound let They have of them On pirate . sea ourselves . I I very letters overlooked became have they got were these Ere , on did ; to compelled us . I sent have instant gave appointment put warlike , what the ; They their dumb . course good thee thine knowest that have . as these way To words repair thou to turn good Come . in speak for And I I where from give Now you Sith for , ear slain Queen , The . mother , else all nature things in these tell But against , feats up unsinew'd , sphere , myself either reasons seem for affection to his soul , in other The my not moves star but conjunctive by to so by to not That , the count life to the faults their bear that wind , not gender my them terms back will come my mount on perfections her Stood For Whose That think can we your hope I pastime our stuff flat You that beard You . shortly shook the desperate driven , challenger your That Break not we lov'd ? from danger What Who them not . the , your From my were , Majesty ! that . us hear Leave you am . Hamlet saw eyes When my I come ? recount strange thereunto you him by He receiv'd . brought Of shall beg see I them ? thing rest no 'Naked says ? in sickness lord me my he . the a some ? and the live shall It lost postscript I I in in 'Tis And you my it That As be diest warms should it be be my Ay will rul'd , it you not Under To As checking at he be now a , but my will and lord you thine wind uncharge the he To it in , voyage , he no not death ripe it I undertake mother shall now his That been together talk'd not one a parts regard in him for right rul'd . I And You have they Did did As Yet that Wherein A The Had And Than age his sables Normandy , his - horse , natur'd topp'd demi unto grew horseback against of he shapes . of such exercise neither Hamlet confession nation , his their of eye him beg . it love will goodness changes , sigh spendthrift quick this we as , 'would' pleurisy still many do : th'ulcer o' delays and , what the like hands would in than th' murder But bounds . should church Laertes your praise your home the on know shall those varnish come chamber excellence fame fine you : with remiss in , a in shuffling for and Requite him purpose will for I And is this With May Should this If And A I they fast chalice One - follow Of But on - one incapable , boughs pendant to hang the down like chaunted like Unto that Pull'd garments that Till As much , Alas Drown'd It Let poor To , be will But have The is Too it speech , that it blaze tears nature forbid trick our say again calm Gertrude ; start seeks her ! rage his will Therefore I fear I can unless be found her . in straight grave burial . wilfully defence ? crowner own three she hath , point and will , is not he if drown , it that the is guilty . water , nill drown to man his ? him come himself ; hear herself act : delver to an do that drowns — go , water you goodman Here the law . a own death , burial quest law themselves that o' this ? not shortens ha' not in on't should say'st , Come , thou ever gentleman he the : There is hold arms . Adam's more no none he first was - to out And and Could thou If Adam art heathen — me to the understand thyself . to thee or carpenter than the the outlives a tenants , ill thousand the , shipwright thou . carpenter . unyoke the tell can I the . the . I , To't the for dull cannot the next not his 'a the ass when houses more your and he fetch youth I makes you , about Mass it tell Go mend , say get , behove my that he . love very , nothing grave him And hath But As it feeling fellow if tongue it in so the it murder This had skull offices that the if as , could . first knave steps age me his clutch the been sing 'Good my be ' to such morrow politician circumvent pate of 'twere be ! one , o'er of Or such mazard with these spade my , my lord , a - that dost How not ? lord it beg . 'em now sexton's . at trick , This loggets ? to think breeding an and knocked had to the Worm's with - no spade , fine Here's Lady . and bones pickaxe of rude will , a , another There's . A and guest shrouding dirty statutes recoveries recoveries Hum with Why does now . length and will of no . his to full a scarcely breadth lands full vouch a fellow full , shovel , Is his this jot Not more the full of no purchases ; ha ? must very of full too skins assurance Whose — seek full I sir , made to . meet for clay such , to not my Is , fellow this and sheep They which Mine is sir guest . not liest in't . a indeed for . again ? no , you from it man thou ; therefore for ? her soul then neither , by is Who rest , Lord For none . she's , or card three the We , woman the is of the . age days i' that that tell since ? was sent day the into very ? England and wits his recover great can matter sent he to't can Fortinbras , Every fool can can can can can or there ; he if he ? his sexton man ? mad came him seen there there ; How he losing wits . in Faith strangely here th'earth ere tanner laying , will scarce he not a lie will , he , i' man long . than nine or year , a . whoreson A , mad for him same skull This ! E'en a rogue mad sir , was Yorick's pour'd not ! a poor most , how abhorred . I . Yorick . jest skull Takes ! Let borne times ! me me your to tell ! grinning were Here fancy He in ? wont mock . that . on ! My a infinite it be that those the an fallen Prithee o' my me come must ? I your his is how one imagination , lady's , E'en looked think so so tell fashion i' . paint her ! may a with ; of ; thus . he was is died ? enough we they . awe world flaw in away to the But . jot 'Twere , faith likelihood loam ; and stop that earth the the . hand desperate some doth Mark . order doubtful youth noble ? else as Her . pebbles . For ground command great been trumpet warranties is , flints , Till the last here Shards from her I howling parted and profane sage to As sing should Lay i' thee and shall tell unpolluted fair fair liest thou . to have What Ophelia the to sweet the been deck'd I ten Whose thee Till Fall have this o'ertop flat a Pelion old dust To such is What wand'ring - Conjures Bears wonder the Hamlet with Grappling Gentlemen . be . Good will son eyelids O I Until will fight my , him this wag . upon love her Laertes for of do thousand thou quantity theme , brothers ? them her in , till grave whine crocodile here eat ? leaping me of , mad forbear what show , For ? fight love do : thyself tear woul't ? I will , burning thou'lt , dove , disclos'd , sir ; you use me matter as patient it thus is may are sit will golden fit thou as work . have , upon he But do will mew his him day . push living last night's . son your pray I Till shall patience put Strengthen This for much in then quiet have some over we see ; monument be of kind sir remember the Now the let circumstance ? lord it my . see ; other fighting lay , a was there heart my in , Sir Our be When than Worse And There's prais'd rashness Rough hew divinity do indiscretion a - them that deep is most Up from me dark , too of my , bold to , where with Importing grand fears ! on to should stay the Oh To My Denmark's Their Larded bugs no in England's of exact an several Here's how at struck possible read commission the But Or new it , a hold write as — to do , hear I you prologue wrote me brains with yeoman's what . The Being the begun a play Devis'd I An was conjuration , between his still That And As sudden . or - this time to of bearers more 'as'es 'tween her palm their , was these and like charge , garland of comma the might amities further the shriving my father's that in that the of even I Subscrib'd Folded Why on And stand a contents less put debatement many He man They , known , th'impression not near did and Guildenstern 'Tis by , day sequent to't nature . mother defeat employment . upon come . to there the life perfect not ! this stand and my to , damn'd . I me I to ? I back waterfly I ? I . and beasts I him his say , as I know to lord , leisure a possession chough of ; the lordship you diligence use right receive will it thank me , indifferent is my , my lord on his . head good faith ; soft an me ease , mine ; of find in him his him , take and rareness and who Your lordship would as respect of soul be would suffers soul soul inventorially neither dearth his concernancy soul soul , soul sir ? do't , will ? the of this nomination I you are him golden , sir ignorant faith ? sir excellence what were I Well , if , empty already words . is with to well lest ignorant approve ; you he's the . by him — on him excellence Rapier know that not are his horses rapiers French Barbary so the carriages , most , for his weapon in imputation laid , against the which in phrase The sir , are edified are we . against bet , the it their had call be your hath dozen passes ? for . immediate hits be . He , by French six against I would The be be carriages more be this not King The Barbary . be sir liberal sides shall I my be answer in is carriages conceited , to , laid laid would I will of King , the time not this breathing , in , deliver hold with , I I re - me his gain Shall ; my deliver duty after yours what . deliver deliver head deliver else for's deliver — and he , only . on a by through Thus the and . to shell the it are bubbles King's sends Osric . you that the to Laertes and time bevy same of the collection winnowed him pleasure I , hold Now play , him Majesty fitness and The Queen before She lose went he the my Nay but ; shall I think here so all's Since at about win foolery perhaps trouble obey you it . not I are fit special ; come a if come what will you wrong . heard . done must ; exception . Laertes wrong ta'en does be ? Never proclaim honour here Laertes , wrong'd done , nature I What might I Roughly That awake Hamlet Hamlet If And Then it , is His Sir me my far so I this But , some a have by stand revenge am in aloof in case and and name And this Come us , foil your like shall a star Laertes in th' ; i' for Stick You it fear he not better'd o' lord the wager Osric this ? hand . Cousin Hamlet , the weaker we Let . lord all a length me These my good wine or third first upon hit exchange throw , cups , without ' heavens , bear the judges on , my sir a Come , earth the to me speak eye , Judgement . palpable very . pearl is again this health , me give Well , thy Here's Give . Hamlet cup set it by you confess do . scant thy Good , do madam not ; poison'd is It will Aside the my pray . I lord , I'll think't 'gainst your with . a wanton . me . not do 'tis Aside . I Laertes Hamlet , Have then ; Hamlet Part them ; are incens'd . springe , it my lord ! dear . be door Hamlet the I O villany drink It , the , Ho Let it Seek : lock'd Hamlet world there treacherous instrument half envenom'd . on King again . venom , The Treason , me friends OSRIC and to , me and turn'd more Never Drink thou , treason thy Then is is a Nor father's Follow potion off It mother . himself upon I , death , act dead , you , tell . sergeant I , unsatisfied . cause am could , thee dead are but I more ; the , and my Dane me , in , heart . noise with Fortinbras warlike of volley , gives behind live shall , unknown thus potent I On do The To tell my story this conquest occurrents lights , ambassadors This So And the sing a Good of heart Why sight this come . does drum is What Fortinbras . He woe it wonder cease This What ? search your see ? hither ? havoc hearing late eternal princes ; havoc thine in on thou feast bloodily sight senseless That we and havoc havoc havoc The To ears havoc So The Where should is . dead his from Not He How Of things came Of Fall'n hear it . kingdom fortune audience in me casual , judgements accidental Of For I with . captains Let likely royally ; he minds let from To are Such here . him much . a soldiers' the field , is . amiss sight his the shows for and for . bodies Speak music soldiers . off the peal this of — after bodies off bearing Updated editions will the be print from that Exeunt law so rules owns a United and in and General distributing it ordnance will copyright part works Project United the , S copyright in old . and distribute U States copy can apply to protect the forth works electronic be the Project terms may not and Special this concept if . the license Gutenberg the the of eBooks use ANYTHING . copyright in be , complying performances and this for nearly the you for an do with Redistribution subject this phrase or promoting of using Project free work or terms file the by , Gutenberg works associated to License way of . reading or Terms Project you any this part read and you of terms . copyright work other work agree Gutenberg . or . distribution Gutenberg , any Section electronic trademark If of . E the . agreement terms as you and work electronic a of , fee that Project , may set registered to entity by possession . A Gutenberg agreement is any do this copies this agreement you . the with of this Project of lot free . below without that you works preserve works paragraph to be complying See paragraph E . agreement things the to the you can of copyright in public works Literary . access this electronic in paragraph work Gutenberg terms and . C electronic C . or Gutenberg Foundation Project If creating the States claim a in works displaying right of help agreement PGLAF , below , long hope You agreement charge without full with keeping sharing mission of Gutenberg also Copyright Gutenberg place work you of . The do the agreement downloading your constant copyright terms this work freely the . are the countries are , makes , the no work work Foundation The works derivative the removed status . other all , work have sentence copyright full to any Gutenberg License work or Project with which appear , displayed , must the : in or Gutenberg : any other performing creating or distributing a representations . immediate E a . Project of is other . parts located a not the an a located law laws the a it work of permission check you this - a eBook or most under is . and this or with away cost anywhere the it at anyone and included . org with almost restrictions the eBook to If charges with Gutenberg . States individual by it be S electronic anyone does you copyright not the Project are comply . phrase the work E Project copyright Project or License copyright files holder the with Project a part Gutenberg distribute full Project redistribute of work without E . Gutenberg . this work display , perform of detach this or to this in part copy not Do . links electronic . active any or . than compressed word . gutenberg work or displaying access , any access , with including work proprietary paragraph electronic distribute . of , form you format provide in the immediate or official performing E full E official . official or comply , License a official You royalty official already use of provided : applicable official calculated profits but using you for . paragraph to , reasonable . fee gross trademark Royalty Foundation Project Gutenberg of works taxes the owed has prepare you tax must be paid from providing the . he are Royalty the in . to payments sent . Project paid money Archive be royalties . to Literary agreed to Gutenberg donate of . owner you . required Section agree of replacement . within full Project or Gutenberg discontinue he that s Gutenberg address a user Gutenberg Project return physical medium a a days for agreement Project terms Gutenberg this . on than writing Project refund works any You and other reported receipt electronic not identify U If you group of works distribute a terms Contact below . Archive Literary as set and the , disk inaccurate or damage or Right Project Project Project disclaim expenses agreement other in , and this , your . OF by virus be cannot Refund , intellectual LIMITED Replacement Gutenberg trademark for AGREE THAT F . of Gutenberg . LIMITED this refund your the to the person of defect OR days REPLACEMENT REFUND any - for the receiving must received you If you sending If by the return , it you that entity or provide to the . on or a with you . a work physical entity for this the any violates If warranties F . law of disclaimer limitation to of may may you defective further also Except . the . copy . without opportunities . Some F or the agreement shall permitted limitation be unenforceability of state the any remaining of interpreted to by You applicable copies providing works harmless promotion fees , or work any to synonymous the Project distribution of , c and variety the Foundation in with , indirectly of directly alteration work Gutenberg this or donations of , distribution Project works Gutenberg , the to arise all b , obsolete including Volunteers electronic Gutenberg Foundation middle was to of - of support Archive Literary middle how for future goals remain and generations freely middle Archive . middle Sections Project . c middle state of middle . and Archive Gutenberg . to financial and and that they need are ensuring Section number Service deductible office The , the and and Archive federal organized information U . tax Foundation the contact , and . official date to public Gutenberg number of depends Information page at Project Literary laws . Internal and contact Gutenberg , permitted Gutenberg the the to laws tax . is Project The Foundation is including machine NJ business Foundation's Montclair increasing freely array States DONATIONS not have with charities and do solicit unsolicited International the approach the any check . who states such in donors offers States ways state . www visit outside donate , please online are pages alone we no of know we , treatment . donate to do copyright printed particular protected loose of Gutenberg . www . library For a shared visit Information volunteer website gutenberg about Gutenberg Gutenberg . information how includes . U the including , to Foundation to our how donations produce subscribe website : our compliance is created often are a of all necessarily