. Stand and ? Stand Stand Stand Stand . Stand , good , stirring cold bitter heart thanks twelve . at 'Tis , guard and Horatio mouse bid haste , Stand my you And to liegemen soldier honest Barnardo farewell good . Give , good night you ? you reliev'd . tonight Welcome him appear'd Marcellus - Give place , is nothing but 'tis says has Welcome What Horatio dreaded I have again tush That may With Touching Therefore He And us this twice , watch if , eyes approve the to our once What That And nights assail , our story . speak night course burns Look part of heaven beating then that's Barnardo , myself t'illume that all against sit Last same let we two westward from — it dead . figure the King King , that's again where one like , speak Mark spoke me fear , it the wonder . Horatio and night , form buried I away speak ! time and heaven It is the In gone , You more will Horatio think What this something speak , you than fantasy this not ! now , tremble and ? pale ! Of and ! God Is mine and eyes : had like ! Is my Without very the sledded 'Tis the So he , he was As he Norway combated an the ice . parle on once He what In in angry thou , particular the now So And why toils strict and of eruption work and thought down such that watch the know state knows haste the from week . sweaty task , brazen of the day implements of most me our cannon sore of war ; pride valiant esteem'd heraldry by known our ; Fortinbras combat this this the At least image even prick'd ratified with the by the gaged seiz'd life , the competent had Fortinbras article sir , Now of been To stood , forfeit Did so of by who side Hamlet . by ; skirts carriage vanquisher unimproved Norway inheritance of is some resolutes hand lands I foresaid strong state Fortinbras , and here and , design'd , same as the and food Shark'd And in For As it stomach to , which hot , diet a the Of up list of lawless other no our us of in't And motive lost compulsatory our those preparations this , main father his And think I the armed the is most A The squeak with sun trains ere mote little In A to of watch state this it Well Comes graves stood the and palmy trouble mightiest and mind's question and Did and Julius , streets moist stands star , be of Stay . events voice grace me , to done , Speak art thou the spirits , it hast speak oft womb may avoid ! partisan my , it offer majestical , with will strike it if it To then to our We wrong being so cock thing . throat , warning , a have heard air or the . with the This his Th'extravagant object present confine in cock or on of , sounding the morn Saviour's the ever that The bird of no spirit celebrated abroad dare is , are , fairy nor and The then they crowing birth 'gainst probation faded and made . cock the that then hath morn so all long , believe power strike . clad eastward my to him advice hill know speak it this fitting acquaint , we yon in and what watch dew in by and seen tonight , morning , Voltemand and Lords green yet The our be one and brow discretion fought with ; our and hath sorrow of think in wisest ourselves , queen with as jointress Together With one in mirth Therefore Yet memory Though bear hearts , us kingdom barr'd our gone thanks , joy , surrender by his Importing fail'd , a you . Holding Or Colleagued follows Now He Taken funeral weighing and delight scale Your Our not valiant brother . with to With Thus for Lost by be to , the for is young , Fortinbras have time ; full good further herein : to no greeting further , more scope the . that In Of Who And , business King , dispatch . than your we what's suit . That The And voice speak of , native reason to not thy beg Dane , asking , Laertes ? is't . not the wouldst instrumental the to to Laertes , the the wouldst to throne your lose bow again that Polonius leave pardon to to , France and ? Dread though whence From show favour and I your , confess your bend father's your and I To you his do I Have And Upon Take And thy my little A is kin Hamlet , graces you . But How Not And hour spend my kind sun you — son and and than ? on lives dust . is it of forc'd good thee . not , know with mother be it Nor Seems 'Tis alone customary suits the , is it of fruitful river , within your your to father , trappings the me actions these and know obsequious must commendable truly But I These but sweet give his obligation , lost you father That Why against ? reason death must be so unprevailing vulgar ; vulgar let think our to the vulgar throne intent vulgar vulgar : vulgar to desire immediate . immediate eye immediate immediate son immediate Hamlet to not immediate Denmark . my gentle Sits cannon jocund the the rouse shall drinks clouds Come bruit today , Hamlet of the that unforc'd loving in to . shall away flesh melt ; and smiling This No great King's And Why , 'tis But - That 'gainst that this Denmark . fix'd this gross to , king not nay a loving that so was my , two in God ! not come so the winds hang body shoes she my those name a earth , father's were is had poor father reason she uncle like my — this to discourse with a unrighteous tears , old of mine no but to I mourn'd all month have O As on ; Frailty ere yet or followed longer brother With which she — the flushing her . to must do glad , is With such , Had Than salt hold sheets , eyes . well cannot come my I for , poor lord you Horatio ? friend from Sir , my good same to I my or The change And make My you make ? Wittenberg even so ; violence lord . affair . A . depart bak'd . heaven my dearest that , met furnish coldly Thrift I my I seen Where I saw him once was , see methinks ever , lord my Did Would a he take my . my my father . King Saw my My The ! my your Who yesternight ? my , these till father my a for admiration ear deliver . of hear , the did night deliver'd , third not jelly and dreadful they apparition The These the , Form was comes upon it crew our shrunk as , watch yet and haste in : none it up then the at even very lord to sound from morning , duty true . loud speak answer lifted motion , head , did I the vanish'd my live do And think honour'd writ And did let indeed , tonight . BARNARDO watch do we Hold , Arm'd We the my ? A , in his , would It like I constantly one While long ? and it . you upon eyes would no as I A his ; life person , watch gape all , tonight your hitherto hold watch watch I warrant you itself pray this hap you watch . watch watch . is ! as to requite it If And . loves Your doubt all I . the earth o'erwhelm And . necessaries soul them embark'd are my , play spirit Till Though still My father's convoy My fashion A that Farewell the as Hamlet a in the youth of . more No more but ; minute does not temple more no crescent ; nature suppliance sweet , so nature in lasting alone waxes soul loves mind this you now , birth not fear besmirch ; but will , soil . inward greatness he not , as on this body circumscrib'd says if yielding his health himself Grows wide The no virtue The weigh'd himself is subject state you , place and which honour . my it fear the sister treasure , danger and , ear particular so and and of that be affection dear : of buttons not to prodigal your desire of the of unmaster'd or you Denmark goes his sustain , open songs disclos'd of . in calumnious strokes be best , none dew lies lesson of are liquid imminent spring . enough the youth infants beauty her shot chariest The Do But good this most ungracious way though . else good keep brother father . rede reckless near , treads , tongue by thy precepts few . There Give , their . you with shame for my of for thou Be Of But And these but and with comrade . and rank best the of And select th'opposed a dull Nor do Are For thy apparel fancy thy purse generous a itself of the thine , the night be . be , man ; false my And This Neither a What invites humbly Most yourself shall 'Tis memory keep the key it of you , season be I ; said . lock'd my servants well . said is't Ophelia please , told me audience to you he hath oft most been , very . Hamlet Lord and you of bounteous late yourself 'tis I — yourself , so as speak perilous late me clearly truth honour your ? dearly more me the yourself a should baby ; a me tenders Tender ; think you'll sterling to are not it — Which Running , almost With , Lends their tongue You of believe And Believe Than Set your command in must not promise light Even Than so more the vows than take for it extinct , as of in a may much larger ; their unholy , are investments , the ; my , talk in you to mere like , any your ways Hamlet this time Lord forth very ; air is ; The ; does spirit it The King wassail he kettle marry custom pledge mean . It then lord bray . walk takes trumpet . custom observance is native thus my ; Rhenish of of it it the of though though drum and The our though some for though That The oft Since nature birth though them though are cannot So And And honour'd the though born manner From though Or by plausive manners ; too forts complexion , guilty , men wherein wherein — defect wherein , wherein , corruption wherein wherein wherein From Angels airs from grace or or I'll answer call ignorance O thee hearsed , in thee a wicked royal canoniz'd we burst father speak to ; heaven health ministers spirit defend or blasts us ! Be will King That I Thou com'st , Have night his ! glimpses the hideous horridly is why thoughts With this to you if As beckons you to by go more ground . it with courteous . impartment Look But , speak . immortal . reason of , immortal form it of Think fathoms , immortal so many puts motive roar to every immortal the still me , Go immortal on I'll immortal Without And hears Hold off shall not go thee . him Go on , imagination with desperate ; Let's Have away I'll make a I'll him to 'tis will Nay what this will come . further ? the , sulph'rous flames no me me When Must and tormenting , almost is hour ? lead thou wilt Pity To , I am when I lend thy , My to poor not revenge I am father's And art thou for Doom'd Are for thou , young - that days fires lightest unfold . in not porpentine , be fretful the upon ever . this and didst ears To I two And each purg'd crimes done my thy from to . list love father list must to their end thy of Like knotted eyes thy soul start stand God eternal his and Murder most as to know't , Murder in strange or my , and best foul Revenge , that , the foul ! most Haste thoughts thee ease in that ; the so of sleeping , abus'd stung out rots not I me this shouldst itself this be find ; in Hamlet , of orchard , ear noble by stir know forged process thou Wouldst Rankly A 'Tis O that wears his father's death sting ! prophetic ! soul lust . whose in wretch Upon I those lust lewdness court to shape never vow , morning garbage . my . I the hour scent itself though her hand , what a hand virtue But to me , in in a in as with ; natural on the , vial effect , of of Sleeping cursed of But Most And thin a most tetter So it vigour . All sleeping , the disappointed lazar my instant No If made , crown even off , Of horrible Let thou couch for howsoever thy not not Against And prick The glow To I couple hell Remember . grow ! O , O earth up , a seat , brain ! heaven pressures my Remember thee ? villain villain I , so to remember have uncle It O Within with most , be , my My , I At villain villain tables , and is set Now . ' ! lord , ho , Illo I and lord . ho ! my it ! Lord ho So noble ! O Good you'll it , by lord reveal tell ? think it of my , lord my Not No I my , then Nor , you Ay heart lord and , MARCELLUS ? be . lord be would be say How be There's a lord us be be be it your fit right ; business for I'll go own desire and hands at you part , you here Horatio lord . to an , sorry no There's And desire . let vision . you friends and will tonight you ? poor , known is't you lord what you we not I not in , you Nor you We Upon , you the Cries Indeed under ? my . fellow Art , my . my . truepenny my my my ground seen . my you Swear our i' work more Canst ! pioner old Well O day Once Beneath night as ! philosophy stranger this is welcome strange wondrous remove it give I disposition soe'er hereafter , me this some 'There hereafter 'We ; or or speak' such know Or hereafter thus of me : be could giving hereafter of ambiguous and hereafter hereafter my a as man friending Hamlet love your on lips , I set O us it to joint let's Let and right . together in . Reynaldo . are visit you , And What this That As , him' but demands ' you may say , he's very demands , Reynaldo ? keep , demands , and question more demands nearer . it come you demands touch knowledge . this demands his , him friends , demands ; so ; slips ; rank him wild well ; swearing , my , To , or , That you : outbreak in general A good lord do — this I , Ay my Wherefore That's That they may taints fiery , drift my th' son my of that know ? would you of converse Mark little a , party Having youth you in seen sullies is these laying 'twere closes thing it fetch would or sir 'Good He You Of man good Very , does mass By the He At I does about to say this or ' . lord phrase in — country What in I consequence say my sir something he , leave ' . ' yesterday him saw then was brothel : o'ertook ; t'other ! as , rouse reach of . this of we Your Videlicet There with wisdom forth of perchance , day now carp directions advice of and so find You and by . have . you , See ; assays have , you . well bias yourself ply , music my I b' my you Good inclination . Farewell Well And shall my How , sewing No My hat Ophelia was chamber all stockings his ankle each unbrac'd foul'd other hell me of ? love do . fear but What not I , He goes Then My lord Mad for said ? held his of waving shaking Long and , so he stay'd little a — would he last rais'd wrist He wrist took with And thrice did wrist with seem'd to his . being out He wrist And As wrist by the length he , At wrist And o' is me wrist to the go , as very bended way shatter thus seem done of ecstasy with leads And This That What Come . the As does last , Whose violent our good natures I did . better heed mad access his ; did His made and , late to letters my No That hath him . to meant had that thee it discretion To to grief More This hate to utter move . might , man hath of the inward himself . th'understanding . transformation did that did More Resembles did . did nor call it him did did heard provoke you so your young , What it thus did be , our to afflicts within he to from to , you much hath lies us whom To And Good gentlemen , aught as adheres much If there will awhile , hope and please will good not you our by companies gather living it of sure he Your a shall and expend us more am men so supply visitation , by your receive you . us our talk'd I To As For gentry such your profit obey to sovereign Both As Might your the fits king's majesties of , you Guildenstern I And here give To Thanks To lay service Heavens these changed , And Rosencrantz , amen our Pleasant too Th'ambassadors bring from Are hast lord . my . of good , liege mine , else trail to do fruit , that — Hamlet's . brain so I have of soul good gracious hold Assure ? duty the us'd hath Hunts I Have I Both And As cause first shall My He of them to I them that great to queen all other but son's . friends my Say I head tells your our hath no and Well doubt The His Welcome fair into he , be It That Upon His But better a Most our preparation , look'd first him truly he age , whereat the which greetings your return levies sent Polack suppress to out 'gainst griev'd impotence fine ; found , enterprise give safety , shown against in overcome , thousand , with the further you please before commission three employ : quiet pass this . and are well - ended well and should nothing to Meantime And you your consider'd us at welcome business . wit and and , for . limbs outward define mad ? brief call will madam , night night is to waste is day , to expostulate what , the and the mad farewell That But out I . noble to son nothing Your else art pity . effect of comes remainder the him . And true true use no with : cause thus is will no foolish A . remains Perpend — art , is beautified , mark surmise . now this of this mine soul's , Who me but a Now — a For Or have this duty obedience the ; be I . Good celestial given and phrase : vile Came That's Doubt thou that doth liar . I most machine is to him , Adieu reckon to faithful . it believe not art love a be these lady never truth But am , O whilst daughter his of and . think on , that honourable a prove of hot ? tell , what desk , But this seen . faithful think you , think queen love prince ' . is young think upon heart the Majesty your play'd Or not should messengers , herself from receive then did mistress , thus mute No ? Or What And you If must That done , into to Thence Into you . he and , And may It we this declension , know , otherwise I'd likely wherein madness , a all Do said I that positively , fain so ' . in the walks were will find indeed ? centre know Here time and . If he love behind an arras , fall'n thereon state lobby try , indeed . together hours sometimes Be And me Let from encounter the such reason and try . carters it for farm assistant We where comes both me Hamlet presently How , a God Do I Excellent my I Then , you well Well know You , man ? is lord my , Honest , honest maggots to be her daughter say How not walk me . And not my ? i' you at may Aside suffered a fishmonger do you as Yet gone very , he , look to't my What . harping ? lord my , gone truly to youth I . matter I'll . words matter What the is , who that faces and ; their satirical honesty sir plentiful of purging to it have lord their eyes , a here lack read ? most wit old set a you down grey amber like thus crab . How air there . yet my grave ? my , though I wrinkled have I out walk this with potently , I yet believe you Aside sir Indeed contrive lord sir , You withal , you Fare life from most meeting delivered him my which his sometimes and and you daughter reason him . part . life and I hits will of except I humbly I , anything that will more is you ! dost lord My Polonius the These go To there he ; Good Rosencrantz As indifferent lads How most My excellent ! On the in , waist her about of over her are we soles are the shoe . in or my . strumpet question true your , you have , that the friends , news my you honest a . she is Let . more hands at world's me grown the there th' . world think Denmark being o' dungeons either . or one there for not which Why , 'tis worst lord , one so you so 'tis many bad . a a is that and outstretch'd a dream very bad of , king ; the merely the . shadow shadow . GUILDENSTERN ROSENCRANTZ will I to such matter you that am I am you , an , my own , even inclining ? too lord dear Is free but what , in say , to kind Is my , no poor me we looks end me conjure lord King which were You . good the To me by to colour consonancy , withal you anything . confession enough What teach by . or direct what with dear by by . there modesties ? the . me If discovery your prevent sent were anticipation no proposer better could you whether , me ? you . no then My to Nay . I an eye ; and my moult heavily , a promontory sterile feather in why it of how action what neither ; of this , the in congregation , fire to , than moving thing of ? said no then lord the angel , in piece in of , faculties , like lord , My players Why you the are the from when smiling Man quintessence my shall laugh that receive did the think sigh not shall of He hither to . those make adventurous the humorous use them coted — shall in delight residence Their ? travel it they profit city comes inhibition Do hold chances and clown lady What freely lungs or was . blank the they — in Are . reputation and , late was they there of , the out city sir question is now ; grow top fashion wearing , and , common stages clapped eyases the wonted that are but say escoted as them writers against better can — they sing How scarce that thither they it ? not many the come Will ? controversy no should make if unless the do to went to a cuffs the while the succession — both to grow means they was player . to if like afterwards most no O the has . away of much Do been throwing father my my it is ; something a mouths not is that very hundred would do , carry lived of his lord while uncle for players There it my apiece for his , to - entertainment Let players mother tell . are come hands than yours . wind and father appear Your , my what In my my is welcome and the . which - southerly . you you a When the you with clouts old man of ear swaddling That hearer is You it Mark 'twas morning Monday : to you baby Happily will for me there yet , too , be Guildenstern The Buzz lord for Rome in an — tragedy history tragical historical , the , individable too - for , either , too my judge be historical - Seneca - pastoral unlimited tragical The . Jephthah Israel passing Still he Am 'One fair Why no , ' . my , that then As and me i' not I daughter not , God it like . glad to What , my I , than when voice like you Masters . your since thee . For look where is heaven a anything of , at . never remember pleased — it received I but , play it , were set no it in top I as with phrase One , fine honest lines indite wholesome that sallets handsome called said nor , one matter . line this he is rugged his Pyrrhus to . see than , he in and Head complexion sable let it , speech in it it : in as and . If , thereabout Dido slaughter Priam's Aeneas' speaks where begin at It he When The dismal so , the black , and seeks dismal . Pyrrhus and accent good discretion dismal good dismal His it falls dismal , sword , match'd dismal strikes , Unequal of his , fell Ilium , him where senseless rage , arm to his to too the with , But Pyrrhus Seeming Th'unnerved Stoops , to prisoner But silence The , was , falls . blow lo , his , and ear base declining As rend hush winds the as a a often see his to we in as , remorse armour region ; than forg'd falls thou Now Doth With , less Out It Say or on ; with the . fiends the to barber's a mobled queen' and , seen this Who blanket had and all th'alarm with did tongue treason of in state would themselves clamour that burning not eyes at in husband's move not has where he Would if Fortune's sword of with she the mincing Unless instant you , no more the rest ? of chronicles . his bounty honour own your . Take . Good time their Do you brief have you according man and desert , ill is is is . Gonzago is could . is lord ? is not could You which you that , good My and To my him and insert you not and mock I'll , to You . Guildenstern Good that a this his his all her so , God a what it That Tears Could With That should What's he Hecuba Had And have cleave I That The John dull Upon damn'd my beard and nose defeat , Am a lungs , A , off the A , Make faculties ignorant the of for my me it cannot , coward a my Yet . dear , unpregnant No say And Plucks , me deep 'Swounds I To I Remorseless this oppression fatted . But As me Who That Prompted , Have That scullion a to Must Why like I what Oh vengeance This father most brave , drab words play Foh have malefactions , these devil , seen power melancholy such with . my I'll and The play's I'll yea have I'll the grounds , blench I'll to the me , like uncle course pleasing my damn I'll . I'll thing I'll hath King confusion have spirits of on madness forward will feels days lunacy ? quiet , state receive do Of Did Niggard But o'er Most you , And beseech'd think , they about , did - Madam raught And With Good all To heart To me play seem in night and most They 'Tis true . a so and doth inclin'd on , gentlemen drive leave accident , behav'd love his as Ophelia have Sweet purpose his We Her so gather part wildness Hamlet's he . his I , their of That I be thus Ophelia suffers by your If't That Of We Will beauties th'affliction shall for happy hope way Ophelia an are — exercise oft , to , blame Read . may devotion's we that too devil . with doth with , that prov'd — such you may so please . beautied true sugar O ! more is Is too much . walk We will loneliness . ourselves bestow pious Aside 'Tis And harlot's not be , mind nobler is of sea to him my O withdraw most the to cheek The I . Let's To And No opposing take and coming hear not or a outrageous to suffer , say consummation come a , heir them ? To natural a thousand a of a , time delay long the and the a , a , law's quietus , spurns contumely a , bear fardels under would Who of dread bare grunt merit pangs shuffled pause of scorns unworthy his But To who The That a With Thus No The The oppressor's The patient and sweat weary after office the of bodkin a from make native their of great action Nymph Ophelia of o'er thus to traveller sicklied And And Than How lose The you longed I your my honour all ! this With the never , now gave honour'd My pray you long re - deliver yours not . well receive their more , humbly My I I And have remembrances , I them words rich so ; poor the As made things you for my Are ? My , wax of sweet perfume compos'd breath the prove mind admit your no lord What Could fair your commerce of love beauty you honesty ? discourse ? will , and honest be , This was force a virtue . did be breeder a did accuse nunnery better to did revengeful that indifferent honest . was relish deceived loved so you did cannot . did so did inoculate our , to us ? or things ? proud I very such sinners I do fellows such should in them . to ? thoughts were ambitious Where's lord , give . snow pure ice to for chaste thou as men nunnery fool a the If ; and thou , thou restore . your you . of calumny thy ! as O and You him ! Farewell marry , them . marry you , but I say given , me a , and hath God make your . wantonness mad , nunnery all made married already hath that on't more no . Those , the mind as they , of down , harsh and deject feature have noble what eye fair vows , form quite his and reason tune youth , I see , a form in little , soul his brood the and , seen I form Blasted affections me blown England tend , it lack'd his madness . danger in have I be I Thus the Haply With fashion do his brains shall From himself settled of origin . hold you Let show I'll be his grief plac'd all Of And To great Your England send , him conference wisdom It pray I speech , if , and But the tongue mouth it you town the as it you air in pronounced Nor passion , your a such . Herod capable it smoothness ears whipped you o'erdoing . and shows It dumb honour your word but neither the you nothing inexplicable the discretion , purpose , to was the and own , from overdone Suit Be noise the most to not observance time his too have I o'erstep , form it and the theatre that pagan of journeymen neither , well others the and of praise . her , be — players in Now which , accent made men abominably us with play , no and made speak I laugh to that sir your not the that your allowance not , highly I to of that and the man they And let . for altogether set , How my lord a villainous now some that then them question and , and fool be reform in Will two the . help GUILDENSTERN Go it . ready you We ? will thou art , sweet What you . lord conversation my from hope flatter spirits ? flatter'd poor absurd tongue should I think lord . good be , the hear knee thou her thou her hinges pregnant candied the That feed No , clothe thee revenue advancement dear Nay , no let what do ? and To And dear the could of men Fortune's judgement not Something , There I heart's sound To In my As my the the that . of . this mingled - co she thee do is It . him If see'st , play ay stop please slave not One with the of of thy we . mine Observe prithee I Do In we of aught whilst steal he not is Vulcan's mine the censure after itself I Well his to Give will , will pay the theft play . the I my a King . They 'scape my to . Hamlet others Ophelia my this . my lord my If are coming my my Get : the , our Enter fares feed : eat once good you , you so , you ? I , mine i' Brutus there me , accounted lord say ? kill'd . mine That I did they , here's , lord players Caesar Julius It good the To , my ; so . by . calf . your mark you do mother hither No Come . O I think That's a to legs but . lord my , is . my lord man and do father my lord , I What Who ? two a maker - your , cheerfully you die he the with on there's King She and . takes off his him and - horse , his life I'll , is ! forgot - and his , kneels Enter lady a hobby show her pours four unwilling , and comes in , again Poisoner bank he O and him 'For for , O dead , in The but in makes King's down upon Queen him unto the ; him , fellow a ears ? lord mischief . Mutes body accepts miching show is means : players ; mallecho this fellow We shall know this not show by that Will You naught shame , any are beg a , brief this are tell you For your stooping hearing clemency ring patiently for and what it : mark means I'll us . We Is Full thirty 'Tis prologue And salt dozen , Phoebus' cart borrow'd most in wash lord my . sheen our . the sick former state of . hands round gone , moon , late know you fear doubts , and do behind fair this in their thee is love Where Now In my my fears , husband needs be For , I great My And In None wed Honour'd thou love world : to one none bed dead ; husband of , now my think we but second , breast ! be the must love Such base When second do believe me thrift , move wormwood that kisses kill respects Are A second . husband what , slave ourselves we propose , 'tis , lament accident slender most , lose with be or the passion that they doth with on , of either with , grieves revels fortune advanc'd makes , hitherto with who For Whether with The with with friends him a want devices , their are . our is lord first heaven dead , own , my and day nor no wilt so run overthrown end orderly where lock me Nor To food cheer that I a the me pursue have hence food turn when ends food light , food and , food joy , food . now it , food awhile beguile tedious here once widow Ophelia deeply My 'Tis spirits The day with never And , we ; do , no The murder and that jade shall jest souls , it call you Gonzago . anon What see , You , to withers are I could Vienna ; a you keen dallying you It You , your you cost a better Begin raven time croaking would Thoughts faces and Hecate's black , poisons him On Thy With husbands . murderer — the doth agreeing weeds fit drugs season for's written very of . name's . anon wife You , thrice infected how ? with . Gonzago's . lights , ungalled deer ; sleep . go . light Give Give How Away . strucken turn , strucken share I . dear know whole cry Provincial , some strucken So must let weep play strucken ? my here strucken now dismantled , a two of world the with in a fellowship forest . strucken a for . thousand perceive ghost's ? my , talk , have . Very You word recorders . Good then Come some music vouchsafe whole history . the what , distempered retirement in Is Ay , rather of a , should , No drink . choler with to sent me most you . in far to more richer his into my sir . welcome are to signify this so start great to not answer be do . my it end of , But rather shall , Make no more says thus you : the your admiration ; cannot . my I , diseased , say say her But bed sequel amazement mother answer — and , my such , into you this ere mother's ! so at son Then , that can with ten you go ? you trade she were your Sir Denmark succession the advancement the proverb . for your musty why , with lack You griefs I you ? cause of distemper lack pickers in grows lack To if my lack recorders . that can How lack King himself you lack would you too . play this upon . I . you you beseech no know Believe pray of touch as govern , your lord it with and , I it I , me lord My , cannot I eloquent But , as now any of utterance harmony . of would to , you lowest , much speak music sound is make yet to on cannot a would how these , my you give 'Tis look compass be you there mystery ; Queen , excellent note ; you voice instrument . sir almost that's yonder My Do you By , the Or like . weasel . fool and I — I come . come by a a is Methinks mass Very will by so will . friends , by the to top by They . me of itself I now enter to By And heart not bitter 'Tis easily yawn , my day hot to ; not be be soul My To and words it dispatch prepare . with safe with consent forthwith along may hourly not endure , you somever , you grow doth will and With live To The spirit upon The weal of much rest majesty gulf cease those and Out lunacies provide it is . your the massy doth a is a and falls adjoin'd the whose summit of things , It . with of lives not That To Dies What's Attends King , haste and Which , put lord Did put For put Arm put To hear put the as meet Since put My process said that makes some Behind And is offence primal heaven — stronger Though It like a A hath the upon't to . lord , tell you ere you , should my , go you ! as murder neglect snow shall double guilt both I , inclination be to I ? twofold offence Whereto the blood begin bound intent will not , up of , queen th'offence , I'll what me . past my serve fault pardon'd but we O Forgive still murder possess'd prayer , look ! heavens serves ? foul my I I pardon'd corrupted Buys And may shove of did ere Then and In May Of My That those one the In his Even is the law the evidence to My Offence's crown gilded seen 'tis wicked the , shuffling There stubborn knees , and 'tis oft more soft Yet engag'd as can ! To Try soul ; Be now kills do't am A And And I I'll villain his O took . pat so That do , Now With And But how his heaven all He do 'Tis take him his so son reveng'd . father audit circumstance am course who the and fit sword Or When Up trip hell that , has no , th'incestuous or about some , at in't act his horrid , days it This is is and drunk know swearing in asleep of may kick heaven bed damn'd mother . remain heaven home go . below goes . prolongs stays . have his And will him come , round be I'll Much you him and Pray pranks straight . your Within , Come my . wicked with ? so Hamlet . not inmost ? And are I'll you see Help What , would it sit and , you Dead A ducat ? dead ! now for ? a Thou ho ? me , rat , help , ho . what bloody Behind O me , How not Almost bad with ? a , know what O A marry kill As thy better , word brother . is this mother penetrable for , sit braz'd ; down — a . is Peace of , heart and thou I it custom have proof , grace the act rose love , the off of that wag me , sets And As done so takes there dicers' as a the Calls In an blush Makes religion an soul and That blurs forehead and The this solidity , words - sick as face and , glow , doom . and at what and picture was the threaten front to , Mars A and An and lighted A grace this act , this brothers this on of - herald heaven a world is brother wholesome Look to assurance . fair , mountain ? leave this your the did and hill now mildew'd eyes what his indeed kissing like To New eye combination god and of set . to a like Ha this husband ? choice devil sight sense matron's Proclaim the , shame mutine , was't - without true thy , blush is where ! mope Rebellious . panders let ardour as bones as more . soul . their and grained , spots my into no O Thou Hamlet sweat Over speak me of and enseamed ears ; Hamlet in corruption These of in but leave of , A A That of Of of the from more pocket . of cutpurse your that A of it and No his precious and in ? wings , your he's , Alas and your come not heavenly guards passion ! your of acting time Alas is and her forget thy amazement her between step O weakest her bodies whet to but , in Speak is't your air do you , vacancy on , you ? discourse peep , how your stand the heat patience cause and capable . Do I have blood convert upon to pale excrements the , thy piteous , distemper gentle stones you perchance what look look ? glares , me see . how but ourselves ? it Is very even in there , Nor pulse yours healthful coinage matter coinage That I the makes coinage gambol Lay It will skin and , flattering your not Whilst coinage but unseen coinage And And I have coinage as My from will . re , for your of the test . him beg this the heaven to is to yourself avoid the , the itself Yea do ranker To past Infects not trespass not spread of vice of all the what for woo them in fatness compost , corruption what's Repent night live throw the do , mine the with if tonight good livery frock aptly That habits Good the my part in heart a For either wondrous a when the . desirous For are you curb change a on put likewise a more of easiness in yet kind of nature a , and or . lend He use almost potency bestow a him their but That To I abstinence devil And a that is Refrain , Once And The I'll I will I me with be be must death Thus paddling Let Or , by tempt cheek for your wanton , all ravel to neck your King . I you in in craft who of matter his you his mouse , sober know so secrecy a him to out damn'd means no on am not call this bed , fair fingers , reechy pair from that's a For from from the Such 'Twere you from would and house's the on ? Who of from in To break try Unpeg , from , own be made top from basket the neck have said England thou life words like your in to I , And There's marshal trust , knavery petard go 't , adders two concluded sweet , neighbour 'tis shall on . counsellor most knave with this . most way to to . sport . me directly enginer hard room meet their below , O delve shall two yard one the man into . night lug in the . night in matter Where sighs 'tis your little understand a us on good place this , is son ; what sea I ? wind and the Ah my , his How while ! seen tonight have the Which his been The so liberty out rapier . cries Behind is brainish deed had to be deed , threats we everyone with O And on This have kept man pith life understand , to us so is , love haunt . of was much what laid , It divulging Should how Alas like But We not O'er divulging Even draw divulging the the weeps away divulging excuse ship sun pure Gertrude of madness divulging Where he , divulging Ho majesty mountains touch divulging body : this he , bring friends his blank , diameter name , our away of air cannon , we'll know them let Whose What you with , dust lord , here they . body thence , it ? we to bear Do And where Tell that keep — sponge squeezing I tell when and , understand glad am it last . like an swallowed , but is a the body is , you with the must lord Of King man law strong distracted but scourge th'offender's judgement of dangerous sent have lov'd bear sudden Deliberate pause . sending To Diseases not Or , in He's like 'tis so not never And the By This the Where But We cannot body What ? dead lord him . my in Polonius ? my Ho At supper supper At where's emperor diet ? Now but him to . we only ourselves dishes for certain maggots — fat is eaten , all that Nothing but of . may the you with man fish that this . Alas , alas ! king him there guts not not the there you . shall you month heaven this for as send thee , hence into , our . purposes ; come , sees if mother knew'st , them is that But Hamlet . mother one Farewell , England make you and . thou thee , cicatrice thy looks raw awe , mayst at which imports effect coldly , not set hectic at Pray hold'st give . red aught sense free may thereof power and and sword to ne'er England , begun , Do I know king Danish Fortinbras , know lord softly on know aught license me greet his from by with rendezvous march , the . Good whose , are , these , you . of They are , commands old for some main Or some How Goes Truly We rate it will Nor ducats ranker then , Polack to the Yes hath should , little with patch sold the Pole fee farm not yield , This gain to go That in it it A not Why inward is Will never wealth you b' Will't with I'll th'imposthume dies , you and ducats and twenty of this ! sir lord a me man no it , time , of large godlike Now whether , A ? with scruple some on parts three say this thing's do one — not know and such a Witness by I delicate spirit Makes To have yet fust Looking That in thinking which Why thought Bestial , at to an fortune Exposing all To this cause do't , Led Sith And live to and army Examples of mouths gross , and strength , blood and reason my death , without Rightly and be . in to , unsure argument a stand mother a my quarrel . to . thousand , and men fame a cause of see . fight continent the try . time , forth trick shame I . beds fantasy . not ? slain thoughts cannot the cannot , bloody is O enough or my cannot all for a nothing cannot cannot cannot worth cannot ? she needs will importunate She I is mood would What Her She tricks Spurns hearers the winks make sure in spoken nothing Though would her as Indeed Dangerous she sick my , good , yet think itself be is great true some sin's artless , as her come in is . amiss ? song , turf , lady mark . snow mountain and dead his Say , Alas ? you , Nay and but green gone heels At head , as , lady showers , true to pretty the you say not Which With love not Lord , daughter ? a may was be father the , God dild And up he To I the maid your Valentine his , a that . window betime at donn'd and morning this but they you : you this ; Valentine's door , oath by and and Saint without shame Charity , make on't sun . me to they come blame ; to , she my by ? cold your i' bed for him We long , of weep her you give her poison , is ; All For In brother , Last Her on Feeds With Without ear Than are Save offices the And The in ocean Eats O'erbears The Alack , as the yourself , Laertes , flats , tongues and ratifiers Antiquity were world ! your young were , word Laertes king you were . they cry clouds ' ! were doors are ? were were , stand dogs . without . come . you broke leave me will O , in thou . king Sirs , I We . of cuckold door Cries door I door here That door father my blood my so . chaste , proclaims door . harlot door divinity can There's Speak thus treason such What but . go me would , my go Let him , is incens'd . hedge not fear with . the Vows to be point I ! to be devil . blackest to only ? shall Who not I'll . with world stand is't know far Good to revenge foe and your both his then , pelican blood speak his my ope I'll rendering - you for your in a his ? his 'pear your of her does level most day . his am I How his O to heat out the , to That Like It up . seven by madness to virtue sweet O be brains Let now am guiltless to to grief ? times eye , shall to , our scale , is't possible . my to Till Burn sister What and beam love thing on barefac'd sister , him non After as in sends sister on his Fare Hey sister maid It is be sister They bore , sister thy and down - not him It And . daughter wheel move than stole , for that's that's there There's document This nothing's thoughts madness , matter . his here's and must O for fitted And he made some would . wither'd is for thoughts . remember There's father itself , For they but and turns to death he will And he - bed , come he will died ? dead will thy He No all Do deny I you God And they Or you , And choice commune right wisest 'twixt will , satisfaction To They hear in find direct touch'd If of souls , shall , crown labour patience we , us life lend be , to not , we our and ; jointly shall or judge and content you all . burial death Let To we His means of , nor hatchment . earth , to in the . go with fall his 'twere shall pray th'offence What Sailors And where they me with in you axe that greeted bless Let God not comes , I that you him be from Hamlet these were Ere give , this is . your you for . sir thee bless him when sea Finding King Horatio sir from Reads I our , me good them mercy . But they boarded pirate have shalt They I grapple , with as ear much alone Let will the the to for for to where thou and thou letters they did They they got have a him appointment am to I . England too have instant their them of a too ourselves at old . clear speak light I am , ear , acquittance them . Farewell , for thou that from the do't Come I To , will conscience in your father feats . stirr'd , in so Pursu'd life . slain , friend seal a mother — which soul his nature all up , The unsinew'd his , myself for and , seem things strong are his be reasons — arrows my a reverted the , like Convert almost me my by looks it The faults graces terms have She's so moves not star not Why have not all count I might not go , wind bow to gyves Too Would slightly And Stood perfections our let are mount go all dull danger more . back father You must not , lost again desperate into on my and think age , stuff made sleeps your You and will Queen . to you news shall — this lord Letters Hamlet now hope I Sailors my Of Laertes , given him us hear them . set When I on I see return more ? it abuse Are and ? the . strange leave beg shall . first Reads 'High and is this kingdom , Tomorrow all the ' in some That should Know to teeth in , 'alone ! advise Can postscript ? me let him ? me ? him device he , the . but in I choose , exploit To which his his rather That they that have did Of , of quality him from sum much accident it organ the right . devise so of in , regard my hearing Hamlet's not say pluck talk'd and shine one too needful A health Importing , since the seat - horse , my thought tricks . did shapes what short forgery So unto , French months , of serv'd well was to was't Come And witchcraft in't doing incorps'd of ? brooch He , nation He their , of He indeed guard his He He , his He envenom envenom envenom you sorrow envenom not ask your father dear painting this of envenom heart this envenom ? a begun is love , I think that lives the you face A goodness a That ; when his And that qualifies But Not I within goodness own comes hurts And Dies throat i' would . easing hath this show yourself Revenge should , Hamlet are do back More by : in his what son quick o' undertake . fine the bounds this a you , shall Frenchman on wager generous heads . from so your practice , my mountebank sword anoint . it rare have of unction do't in a dip no simples save withal that may Let's further May that our our , might bad should him , stuck sipping prepar'd , end — project this that Therefore through look not a in your he he for bouts your proof second your are cunnings you ; escape may now follow they is There doth woe crow - flowers That So to the her pendant men's sliver coronet where in did she glassy the make , them weeds call name , give herself snatches distress tunes , up wide , give her bore . weedy chaunted creature But own give . her that mermaid When Fell And brook , she - weeping down liberal give cold give There But give that element , heavy long her like Clamb'ring of muddy she , my yet , holds melodious her thou , To Alas then , lord are my douts his calm . again . will Therefore woman therefore And be it ; custom it . will folly fire out what a The shame Let But much Let's I have that Now she I hath , own give it she point lies an and . found . so in finds make when burial and How , but , good ; the this Here water leave me I to if not , man . must myself Nay you himself shortens goodman herself wittingly act It drown is that water . the that own is water it to not he ? out not own drown good man will stands the he law himself is come had this they There hang pity is themselves that . have but Adam's ancient than should gentlewoman spade to truth on't But this , Christian burial o' quest folk great . dig the my , this thou more hold ? The that confess purpose the without had none understand ? I'll , put that shipwright that , that arms Scripture thou dost that Scripture he that , thou Go either ? the thou gallows dost well frame the gallows does , ill , To't well But tell I can shipwright than is gallows well The wit thy well It tell Go . next not mend . ass , say 'a his doomsday liquor a stoup you are tell . To't , Mass more about are I it when and are for are thee . love he my , are are , are did , love did it the there his , behove of , clutch employment little into had land his me , sense . easiness ? of hath had o'er - th' , as if hath And As I one would pate 'twere steps could ground offices ? good Or it to a might that , courtier ' might Lady Worm's it , one might - the to but these Did sexton's a one's Ay , he 'Good . say could be my might , e'en , with to when now . so A loggets at a pickaxe spade with see't , his cases , his tenures tricks a be meet skull of , be that not and Hum with . This shovel does , his have fine purchases his of of breadth more to Is fellow might dirty quiddits recognizances the lie a more ? The ? skins of box my box this box Is , box sheep are and seek assurance in , sir box ? that . box liest for indeed and , on't think it out be , O speak and calves pit of guest , lie it therefore ; say in't a quick quick will ; to , for sir not , dost , then soul , none , she's card the speak be We must ; grown is . was age heel the absolute One For neither . of How long hast comes . dead ? but Lord picked so the year I that ? kibe to't . into and was very England he if or ? England . there ? the as men as are he mad matter his wits ; and , boy last ? have he you last in — th'earth i' nine . you he trade that ere rotten before the . nine year hold Why hide his while great , water a whoreson A Nay know a of King's on jester poor . Yorick . fancy I in He hath , him abhorred lips that gambols table I my pour'd mad , E'en skull Yorick's was This oft of must Make were gibes grinning her her Prithee an . that to set paint — her , hung Alas , times infinite is me Let Horatio , my . Quite wont . it - smelt so , return may What's E'en so o' looked that And dust uses To too find Alexander so this imagination - bung , 'Twere noble , make buried and , faith likelihood Alexander loam and why Caesar into stop dust But he Horatio to stopping a curiously to . it of to a , earth wall their to the flaw in . to ? awe to . Trains with of to This is Who aside . desperate they aside hand . aside aside . that estate aside c doth aside follow betoken aside 'Twas and Mark What is Shards She the and been . What , else a Her , she , As have far order bringing the her be virgin burial , flints . done there No more such i' th'earth , to rest souls unpolluted flesh her dead no be done the of the peace to sage should sing . thou my churlish . priest , maid sweet a ingenious woe thy deed on most the cursed treble her Till I , thou hop'd Pelion more dead sense head strew'd , Hold off earth mine . he Olympus . you or blue them makes stand have the in and skyish is , Dane the sorrow ? Like Bears To o'ertop old Conjures What an wonder pray'st thy in have I fear not am I with such emphasis take prithee Pluck wiseness fingers not Thou I For Yet Why with ! Hamlet be , lord will fight upon Hamlet asunder ! this longer no , Until I , he . lov'd , sum up my with God of , 'Swounds And To I'll woul't Dost with her . as rant his against mountains ground , throw I them will our , madness well the as leaping in her ? mouth thou'lt an . on him But , sit But himself mew you . that , But silence will is and it you Hear dog he But Horatio do ever cat I Strengthen pray good But upon him . we living But shall a to our watch have grave Till An But thee , in patience You much So Sir in kind know Rashly I of ! see me bilboes , serves and us sometime be than Remember it sir do this the ; a in . the rashness deep There's a Up That - scarf'd my about them in and , Finger'd I pall do To grand Grop'd Our , found and , leisure stay supervise the bugs fears My - again manners to so had , sorts several ! commission mine their many health and goblins . leisure axe the life in of brains villanies thou play new could hold the round commission write did Devis'd Or a — wrote our and . know , did at how I , fair of The forget Ay An As , King the might , wear her view such stand them was earnest As conjuration England It did to How And And love As known that purse , seal ordinant death , this Not Without sea , never the changeling : my in The Was it - Thou and did my conscience love to this . this next safely the of form the and insinuation grow comes . defeat . their baser fell and Of not To Thrown And this In the issue him there . whor'd my proper perfect my not conscience . damn'd come to business than good Horatio . back his did me favours . to Denmark . welcome sir this and , vice ; let for good . know a . as I He ? thing impart I but of lord ; dirt should say your his . his a bonnet head 'tis thank I , cold indeed is wind the , lordship your use diligence you with It , very for the my , great cold , hot for lord 'twere signify to my . cannot has , very 'tis me No believe , is wager differences speak good in to court come to my , you find in of ; I is — Sir is faith gentleman , gentry or though , soul his be as true . his in part . Sir . continent perdition dizzy the , him , very believe faith of him Laertes respect , and more to know . see and of his nothing our gentleman , You ? wrap him gentleman ? tongue more , infallibly of . rawer this of , sir are His What imports I not You I already purse is Of empty you Well , approve yet in . ignorant of ; sir , man should with him ; it not would , did sir excellence what ? me dare , sir to King That's , hath wager'd , it with six , I , to . French ? and . well the hilts , against carriages , the poniards , most hangers are more might it I would phrase Barbary Why conceited liberal our . horses sides knew I , not it mean , time his hold King day here my will I will but nothing . you so your my and the if e'en what your else tongues . himself to no head . will suck'd with , are Thus on he nature . the turn I time and commend commend , does with lapwing it . age encounter of outward the and young He the or Laertes pleasure to lord , attend him constant ; collection them before carries blow . you King's , take longer time if Osric their , dotes through out them hall provided his If be the follow or . entertainment . now use to The to She . and as . Now coming Laertes to been think continual . my lord some instructs have not , I in how ill is it . kind . it say you . are There's . if come it not to come repair in their . come providence be ; what done from is't will it hand have and take presence How might does And Was't awake What am , knows This I nature from not he's does it , the is , far hurt my Hamlet Hamlet Let That revenge in by stand I To wrong embrace brother's it not will your aloof some ungor'd . And I To I my I us me You No by indeed th' ; in night — on come ; foils me i' sir . Cousin ? lord the side weaker . this Your Grace both you ; have have we Let , my lord Ay stoups answer battlements the or Hamlet quit Hamlet's shall he throw kings breath , cups me better successive the , begin lord my , on . One a Judgement No ; set by it . the awhile . win , breath brows . I say do . Another The A Gertrude Queen Hamlet Here Come not I , not hit thy face . yet . but dally . of . Come ? make with Laertes 'gainst think't him do violence me . way you you so your almost pass Nothing Have wounds Look Nay ; in at Hamlet neither ; they . come , scuffling , incens'd . again they Part them sides bleed as justly woodcock How does swoons the with to on a drink , drink I ! see . bleed my lock'd Seek Let drink the Ho ! Treachery here ! the ! am O them dear Hamlet ! villany , rise The hour thee do King's . lie , of practice poison'd thy work ! to treason . I . damned . the Thy . on itself more , this off Here incestuous too . me Treason thou Follow Is union but hurt am . thy here ? Hamlet upon noble , come me ! on thine father's Exchange Mine make dead look pale Horatio free it Wretched at or and . this this fell O Horatio Thou of , thee his let Is me good cup the O Give in What warlike And standing Absent this Things didst , hold draw noise come gives . with warlike To the This O I conquest die , my , is England volley th'election Horatio my has He The solicited less silence . voice prince and lights : my thy come sing Good night rest ? sight , proud , search your death , it is woe is ? cease see , never him our The Had You But tell his commandment is fulfill'd . bloody to shall mistook , slaughters acts this and , And these Of deaths And on call the Truly inventors' on accidental Let of rights Of that I mouth also minds whose voice while let men's plots his from this and happen speak perform'd . errors be draw to . mischance me invite doth vantage wild soldier four captains to he and . amiss this , shoot , Such a which the , loudly is will Go , off copyright . one by U copyright not renamed previous the Speak here after but soldiers shows off owns a bid works that royalties Updated the Creating law the Gutenberg and without one and States license if . trademark not this of will replace be print States in in these S United distribute paying General PROJECT a is copying the , royalties for by trademark GUTENBERG . protected you may Project is for as license anything except charge away States — purpose not to commercial United performances subject promoting copyright law . trademark the of at the work the trademark this or online Gutenberg using any in available comply work www General , Project Gutenberg gutenberg Use of electronic using the of Project do . Redistributing and and using works in all to Project Gutenberg , understand of read you that works of you you destroy all If . Project the you electronic accept copyright you fee for agreement trademark . used to you in is you Project or things complying . See free you future paragraph you to access . below . of of Foundation E Gutenberg domain all copyright public a of of Project registered as a way lot follow Literary of an in C The if are There compilation we performing of not the of Project of do Gutenberg , you Project with this collection individual hope promoting Gutenberg Project sharing . agreement to access free comply works Project with same format in terms that you prevent derivative located work electronic you support creating Project the compliance you the on copyright , law as keeping course , do are , any this also most . laws addition displaying of States or performing located outside you the in for You this countries easily work govern License Copyright place . If where others appear work or is the which phrase prominently . E Project to Unless on is other eBook whenever , at world use Gutenberg Project Gutenberg a work with displayed , most under no which , Gutenberg no work any links License associated of give gutenberg org . this with and . included cost , sentence have . This . The copy Project Gutenberg or with you have If this electronic copied it can you States , Gutenberg www the . a the paying any . you or anywhere copied accessed , States the online eBook eBook and - Gutenberg Project by not If where located E either the , without providing or United copyright derived from notice indicating work contain redistributing as obtain with fees the on a be . are that . of the country an texts holder with or of in individual the linked both . the from Do with the will comply imposed by the use the for be not work work display access of , associated or , part forth work Gutenberg or , E of full and . E You the , electronic or marked prominently links active . posted or work . License any compressed terms Plain other work or processing gutenberg . or , Vanilla ASCII the full of obtaining Project Do performing to a upon org . Vanilla copies of on , or provide . access to reasonable E . works from owed or paid be or The , to returns prepare this under fee as License not , or paragraph distributing for You you Gutenberg legally within Section royalties gross . taxes using you paragraph trademark applicable which Royalty works must . he discontinue all Project are the to Project receipt a Royalty sent address . days to physical paragraph works to in require must not in Literary Archive of a . copies full of the at donations any user the return or destroy the in refund s that Foundation of e access is a for accordance , electronic in . You work are from the any copies use electronic all paid . money provide work or and other Project Project , law copyright . S Gutenberg forth do by and medium but these which limited they efforts on and volunteers may Project Gutenberg , expend . Contact . in copyright . to works , data , computer , a by , transcription the such identify Literary Archive below research errors , or . Literary LIMITED Gutenberg any Foundation DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES equipment paragraph computer defective as a property , or contain works . collection Gutenberg to THAT damages you . NO HAVE costs this read be WARRANTY Replacement . for YOU electronic work and , the owner of the Project all STRICT NEGLIGENCE sending a discover you of you , FOR money person . person the may elect The you work the for If it medium you copy electronically must received may you defective to OR days any the it , this the not Some . F . without receive providing work If also further or the . If violates . entity or to of fix may demand problem exclusion to provisions remaining of permitted warranties paragraph INDEMNITY F trademark . unenforceability with copies , promotion agent or this You any this , liability costs Foundation the of from a alteration or Project volunteers employee to by interpreted the applicable make the maximum shall agreement state not , in with and , of variety distribution the with cause work Project new computers widest Gutenberg . volunteers with life and aged of volunteers In . Gutenberg Project generations readable for ensuring financial in synonymous Information Project Gutenberg deletions Gutenberg work any Defect readable obsolete because electronic readable and Foundation Gutenberg exists assistance freely readable and Volunteers remain and from of in old readable of all critical walks hundreds collection Project Gutenberg's will the a provide to readable future goals Archive To and and granted organized Archive the Literary corporation to c Project and Literary Project efforts your how more learn page and Gutenberg Gutenberg future and Project can . www tax gutenberg Archive Foundation non a of Internal by state's at Watchung laws permitted and website up links Gutenberg to donations widest can by small Many to locations it laws to regulating survive carry domain upon to and in public to to are including particularly charitable to , we solicitation the received paperwork written gutenberg the visit accepting donations tax gratefully concerning accepted donations not us are . the United any not have DONATIONS the International While . where we met approach and www do with treatment . S unsolicited cannot treatment , Michael of . online Project . treatment methods outside statements treatment Gutenberg U . credit treatment org of donate card works support , treatment a . Project payments www About . included search in Thus do we network that of created as is which gutenberg to donations : start Archive Project Gutenberg keep S editions U , including to to , our email