Stand Nay Stand come twelve relief Stand upon sick heart 'Tis Stand at . you Stand ? Stand , cold . most bed thee Francisco , to thanks . I I think O Give , Give ! what A of Welcome Welcome has , is piece Say but our there . him appear'd have I 'tis says And this I the entreated , dreaded belief have sight not let and again down once against our story to . not have seen . of down this heaven myself and night that's star Last course off thee , Where yond When it Peace , King with harrows like figure the it , it . Horatio ? Mark . buried time and usurp'st that By heaven fair . thee charge . it See 'Tis gone ! Stay ! speak , Horatio ! not now ! speak and ! You What ! th'ambitious he he the ! was Such So frown'd When As thou the smote , once art stalk hath and at jump he to work scope , of implements for shipwrights , cast and of the cannon land war task ? this from Sunday the of mart impress might , image whisper That be the At Was , the combat , even you ; a seal'd , pride compact heraldry , world by life , all to , and law Fortinbras this to least Thereto Dar'd Did been he Against fell , he on prick'd in up a carriage ; which , cov'nant competent , the conqueror return'd the , full and resolutes unto of to But us ; state other , there , it hand no hot , diet appear those watch our be may this , little Comes his And the of A I source - Of That high of the squeak graves mote In The with stood fire in of coming countrymen where it . it But , behold ! and the and climatures our still the influence doomsday fierce eclipse events ! again , on earth sound Speak any do . thy grace done , privy in , you hast thou , be any hast to to , fate country's avoid , not it . with will , at Marcellus and ! Shall strike Do 'Tis 'Tis For It Upon to the air of so ! it offer vain speak the like started his god at trumpet . with of day shrill hies or the a - wrong show , the invulnerable , when the mockery , the in his , our faded To Whether sea And crowing ever that on the , is spirit Saviour's singeth birth , 'gainst of present Wherein Awake , object . Th'extravagant , nor witch hath the believe ; strike stir long cock that all wholesome night celebrated It The , nights The As spirit young dumb we our needful you , the , us up we high of ; for and yon russet . charm , and we Walks Let our morn by , in hill advice . know , him , duty him will upon my life , death it woe of in grief that dear Attendant Voltemand and our and , think in brow on with us him . our sorrow and our ; befitted whole fought now warlike dropping with this , to and weighing , marriage eye dirge we gone all barr'd our , delight , For know freely young our late which herein a one have nor . auspicious 'twere ourselves sometime as jointress funeral wife affair Your better to Now state our weak along and , scale dream surrender , valiant for Norway ourself , business is of rid scarcely here for of , writ . him meeting purpose ; full , to personal old you and , here are of much bonds lands , with , Laertes , is't the to native offer wouldst thou , duty to , to ? What of speak is the my France , I show duty and now Yet My bow bend your I in coronation and again to thou throne What From whence And Have hath Upon , my laboursome you I seal'd consent will thy at cousin my . But best graces beseech his your fair hour And thy And know'st through nature to , thy noble all it it is . dust lids . die , of cloak , black , eye of shows haviour river it my alone windy all with can denote forms have they I For No , Nor ! Nor 'Tis But That But you must In but sweet give , lost mourning commendable obligation obstinate shows heart what Of do To As any heart to Take From it against most absurd , fathers reason the dead ? should For , a will most , Why , Fie in to thing opposition to peevish , heaven , nature , note his your our desire : remain you of bend and you retrograde most beseech cousin , all accord Madam best a Denmark ; grace best whereof fair come and best , reply . today best away would dew fix'd best best God nature : two , mother , to much my not this ! unprofitable ! flesh , all weary , resolve itself into so was gross and that loving the not ? might a excellent to That But months two not on ; or , she longer have mourn'd A brother to Hercules galled , reason within a with more a unrighteous tongue to ! like eyes post . I , it nor must my . ever ; you — you see to glad very good My what I make am We'll teach what But Against Nor your lord your your your your it in ere - your father's deep see your funeral wedding hard funeral bak'd . foe ? The forth my methinks seen I Did coldly furnish met Would I , dearest . father his him yesternight look man lord shall a ; King for a ! these of the may deliver the Saw him , their on these gentlemen night - solemn - thrice pie march , your . with like , fear . him whilst - them and fear to speak , and them with as Where Stand dumb dreadful secrecy In The , Almost slow their his , And But lifted up My answer Did at And the then speak , not none it and did yet address haste . sight from sound it : motion vanish'd , it head like the even live Arm'd my you , my say face to toe to Both , lord head . top , lord . I constantly been . upon While It was bid And me have tenable . hap in silence still . an If warrant it speak this itself sight , but , honour mine to 'twixt your it hitherto else understanding loves you eleven . your my shall loves still father's some earth sit then all Though foul the I'll duty as doubt give benefit . sleep rise night foul , my , spirit the , And and fashion A not in permanent , sweet of , minute ; lasting , blood , more favour his more more more , more more temple grow waxes besmirch not do , loves it believe no honour ; saying weigh Then Or Fear of keep If it your credent or it open not moon spring not not fear else lesson not my good keep do treads not not ; comes leave for , pastors way rede memory thoughts no sail ; not my of my thy no his you . vulgar tried ; Beware steel of of unfledg'd , familiar any character thou th'opposed thee man that a ; ear censure , quarrel but being entertainment . not thy express'd in habit not But Take And For apparel of and oft they For of most the every Give This Most humbly do I both blessing both And loan borrowing both not well and both The Farewell both the edge of be the thee your Ophelia you both both ? Lord . Hamlet bethought very ; you he well : tell Ophelia please you , So 'Tis , time your that it You As He Unsifted ! you circumstance a me late of affection speak . girl up me them think I , I'll teach ta'en you do you What is , lord Of Pooh his my lord me with a honourable , it have Marry Running crack call you the almost countenance hath With And , lord to you'll — In tender . the blazes a - in , than fire scanter promise tongue When Lends Giving in , as it . a at , do daughter , lord know soul making time both this extinct prodigal heat burns woodcocks not your to higher presence is , I ; is , may for their of all forth this : moment any from with in words Have to't to I you plain slander leisure , suits In you implorators his ; which Breathing Not of that dye with a be believe mere to not Look like But shall I so talk charge , obey air does his the tonight What wassail , It held to his upspring takes swaggering and draughts his is't here out pledge custom I ; and as kettle The , the This to mind marry , revel tax'd than a native and perform'd with swinish takes indeed and and though chances it oft birth marrow mole vicious o'ergrowth of that pales cannot , be they as may take undergo evil of , a grace doubt corruption pure reason one , as , To From Doth all my Look own fault a airs wicked or or it charitable defend or questionable answer blasts from me ! cerements , shape us grace health heaven . jaws may quietly of ! in bones Dane such to Why Have cast me Let to beyond thoughts With why , Making Wherefore of , complete impartment away ? do desire moon the our What , steel nature our alone more . then means no my speak I . follow it that pin's a ? will should my , what set again fear at , me waves not soul my . it of desperation sovereignty o'er beetles And Which so place you assume might hears motive your to tempt dreadful his more That Without looks What off Hold shall you my . hands not go lion's in this . body . cries petty heaven He waxes desperate with , him of on Go imagination obey him ? thee that I'll . of Denmark come to will in issue Heaven , direct the To Have will follow him no Speak When I to sulph'rous lead My hour am To I to is bound unfold revenge when serious . hear . night fires spirit their of tale could tell I purg'd term , I a thy certain for the prison But . combined soul like start from young thy part - to stand fretful to blazon List must on porpentine , love . not list end be the eternal and If ears To flesh Like each quills this didst thou But thy blood his ever O and most me to or , May apt revenge with love as swift ; fat , my the than , I strange thoughts the thee be my of Lethe Hamlet orchard noble thou , know but ; serpent The Rankly that Now wears stir rots shouldst , the in Now . in , weed of , my of father's . did out that me itself thy ! that to that have shameful prophetic , life ! traitorous - off of ; to vow be heaven link'd , and were poor . love hand . lewdness lust So Though , though to a , virtue And sate , I prey in natural in , court But a Upon I From on Sleeping thy , afternoon the , bed morning . radiant shape will decline of the scent of did vial a my , cursed of me My Upon And custom always . hour stole , pour hebenon in effect man through , loathsome and bark'd of droppings the So into doth milk posset body . hand dispatch'd , sin ; be not Denmark act this her thee howsoever thy for thou thy her leave let bosom to pursu'st and of , lodge heaven soul nor , Fare the his in incest mind mother that host ? Hold instant not ! earth of hell my up . while , stiffly ghost globe sinews , thorns uneffectual Remember old thee memory my fond , past ! heaven by woman . volume , it most baser villain . I sure , uncle So That , remember Now my word Hamlet him secure ! Lord . HORATIO Hillo , tell my lord . it reveal , dwelling Denmark all in my man lord knave arrant be you'll and heart heaven from grave , part : you , the . no ghost us shake i' at shall are this , come . offence there lord is let It Yes And by an is For are to ghost too offence much , Saint Yes O'ermaster't you Give HORATIO What Never My Nay lord , lord , In have sworn my Upon upon under sword sword , the Cries , sayst Consent thou you Propose , Ha Come hear to ? on Hic Beneath Swear , that our . again my Swear . work i' . heard have remove this fast , mercy , welcome it earth But help . come . might' would' we , phrase if note help most and they , 'There out be 'We of , or or at , With As Rest all I commend as and a . us go Let still willing , shall ever joint . O it to set your do lack on of out I come was May do your is The That , and these money Give , will I this let's go Reynaldo , Reynaldo good lord . Of I said did . they , sir , well do , he's wild 'not ; well on put very say may ' my friends , him , his , so that usual mean of most ? swearing mean may fencing mean mean there , noted lord mean so , far charge him mean dishonour , quaintly incontinency his of mind , assault Ay sir a thing with so to closes you ' Of you of the you little it sir lord party 'twere Having You I a fetch on Mark , him you be , sound , addition ; would or phrase this about , was What 'closes the consequence' he 'I At 'closes in I — good sir my , say ' consequence . 'gentleman t'other know or o'ertook there and thus the 'friend , the Or bait By indirections we brothel him gaming yesterday with he , in , do And With thus and You , you my Your So enter or takes by wi' Good inclination my former , And Ophelia Alas , No hat Lord lord Hamlet Ungart'red as With Pale , My , his down his look been knees gyved , upon with , shirt a and , had , for , Mad do He And At And He rais'd his would falls with end thrice to did head sigh . And the to And Come He For with , does any will . property desperate undertakings , command denied but our ; access repel lord His That have , good did I sorry to am quoted meant not It To This Welcome Moreover , dear Rosencrantz much need Hamlet's Since So I So Whether That open'd to I days to rest here your to glean may thus , gather remedy humour living command pleasures sovereign Your , Put to to give To service ourselves We our , freely commanded . gentle at the , in . to Go Guildenstern feet of more into bent your full Rosencrantz . you . news my good , liege still hold to think Both And Have As it very hath My do in them bring that the them , tells head The Thyself news O speak Give of He I His doubt me That was It But better his so Was first , he , Upon Most To a nephew's That On Through an levied set and . enterprise down this you herein , against three old Whereon And such be well , is , labour together . mad . time is time mad madness is but time and true art 'tis no will go nothing define else . less at 'tis art with . pity . all with figure with . him the the , daughter — effect with in That out grant pity That Madam And But with the celestial , given with and duty defective comes whilst , and with she remainder gather is the hear phrase , idol Now , a To Good madam but a my . her , Who from ; a are . numbers O . I best is to , Adieu to machine , have , my show'd this daughter whilst , art him it , liar love move reckon best thee most obedience and faithful you hath a think mine she ? his receiv'd But . hot man must told a this my dear play'd heart think mistress upon young ? Or I Or my is prince should . ' , repulsed she herself from no tokens my tale short advice , make a by and , now of to , wherein wail madness thence this weakness , that know so otherwise know if such prov'd that That this from truth hid lead , Within try know he walks though it If Not this How You such he the indeed I'll in Mark be keep a his he to daughter behind If for . you , me both O presently I sadly try it Away where But look , him good - a Hamlet , I'll Not you fishmonger a ? You , the not her say How me gone not . this Words him my youth again . I . Friend , my . but as . he , Yet far that old my , though , which All . I ; faces satirical are that it not honesty , have am to wrinkled . wrinkled you down wrinkled , thick of wrinkled air the , wrinkled grave my the so wrinkled the means , lord wrinkled prosperously will be meeting of take will my between madness often that delivered I more , my well me from take my except sir honourable suddenly replies My withal These except , there . Guildenstern ? happy very not not button - children How ! in indifferent friends good As . cap we the Happy we Fortune's , her in , true not . my but ? Fortune your , you have . near news is friends honest . strumpet question ; O the secret . Fortune Then Denmark not so , my , are dungeons . it me for ; so to being then Why , goodly one God could infinite space it then thinking I none 'tis , it 'tis I , bad substance that outstretch'd is heroes , my , For monarchs quality and We'll sort wait ROSENCRANTZ will we Then shadows . our th' to an such speak in the . are Shall you a visitation Were thank And sent there . you Come , and . nay free but ; say purpose the what To ever . the your know be and or . Guildenstern To for love , kind to colour , end consonancy withal you teach me But me you , by proposer could hold discovery , custom off will and Nay have My . why you I but secrecy frame ; goodly firmament most appears , exercises other piece ? Man animals was , by though dust , in no What faculties angel of form there , delights apprehension you such your no in them We I not be did are the the that the you you coming to coted the , shall say gratis clown shall of He plays ; Even and the not shall you they travel profit . whose use offer service humorous , target part — both . the ways residence Their they did estimation same Do No the hold such ? Are city and the in . of many thither wearing question fashion that come say they Will do ? is not as writers ; their common ? for was own players Will — sides player controversy to them against . them succession are ? they Who ? they them means should than do on both question of ? it boys has ? cuffs while to . too those . away twenty . in of father , if little Denmark picture for more something is , fifty strange my my while for in are lest and are . ceremony players the like father appear and my outward welcome is entertainment Let . mother yours hands than I me are comply come you deceived . which my , garb this , fashion Elsinore the players tell you know ? aunt is , gentlemen hearer . clouts old . an in Rome actor was . 'twas players . so you tell I have for to : lord to are Buzz , came his . in comical The actors - Seneca - pastoral pastoral tragical cannot actor either historical - be best world the Then comical historical too What . daughter judge and , law of writ O Jephthah call lot by Why As and know like more it show most as was , then follows , What , to , God lord my , than voice at taste Masters , valanc'd Thy glad see , like you if million the anything a of when your ring Pray the God . within , give speech acted it , never ? or and , as to much received in method me it let Pyrrhus If and see , with arms — smear'd horse ominous and dismal complexion sons . in night Head , parching daughters horridly black dread purpose , it : couched lay his not this line begin . loved chiefly especially , The Black Hath the whose resemble to , trick'd foot light fire he Anon Rebellious too short his command Priam at to at drives , Greeks finds . where and good , hideous , fell , it Unequal of wide ; milky top head stick crash , Ilium senseless , stood and . often Did to as a Priam was as , Of Which Stoops But So like But reverend a heavens speechless anon and some the to , heaven power you , hill fiends general , less With , synod spokes down to All , wheel , her Fortune take and nave as fellies away , eterne bleeding . from . of bawdry Hecuba ? or he ; a , beard to come 'The It for Run With Where That's stood and themselves did treason in caught o'erteemed , clout diadem all of see fear , upon flames , head that A late where , have things the state would move the the at soon hear chronicles Do ? the well them clamour turn'd better while they death your you . well After My much man , see well for less whipping ? 'scape deserve , are them according to . of this you of brief and a every your better them Use , friends him hear thou , merit We'll Can ? you I Come , more the Ay . in't insert down him and , My night till . my lord you . are welcome friends Guildenstern Good , God rogue this ye wi' b' Is fiction monstrous conceit passion here of slave am own player Now ! peasant so O force her his Tears his soul , to For ? and eyes working conceit his That A Ay what a in in from it him her and ear , cleave And The the faculties muddy dreams and No damn'd can A John Upon defeat property and ears . of unpregnant mettled drown rascal my peak , do tears ; speech stage free , and and appal Yet cause king ? th' coward I , for across lie for it throat ! face i' gall bawdy kindless villain villain brave drab is with be play presently , scene , murder'd hell heart a son , the very guilty to soul . organ most , though my have that , tongue of murder Play I'll know my the , shape weakness of Out tent him the pleasing be Before to uncle course quick I'll observe devil that If the my me relative this of days his no dangerous and you I'll by harshly lunacy quiet on to crafty madness him will . will . will keeps means feels he what Nor But will will a him to will would with Niggard But of much Most , To And hear And all ; him so matter . content , me . lord to these my shall We Sweet That I thus be That That for your your And Of I it , Read may blame on please this Ophelia such . of much pious The that to heavy beautied . devotion's in colour this visage . to , word my plastering thing my give painted : to — of troubles sleep , suffer the lord my . that , the , what this the life and of the pangs oppressor's Must , perchance to dream . to and , wish'd shuffled have that is a to sleep natural thousand sleep ache more in When That give The That insolence bare would sleep of pause There's mortal coil . scorns love , the unworthy after fardels will we , of whose puzzles those , moment of of , a weary , all , thought resolution not of cowards to the that us Than And conscience rather fly And thus makes others make that and you thy in remember'd lord my , sins . Soft orisons , this for my Nymph ? yours deliver aught right so of with And How My honour'd them more to sweet . wax these gifts never No now of . honest What ? your fair ? your Are My ! lord givers prove unkind you , into his what Ay it likeness did did not did You nunnery did Why thou a be . did you loved deceived I did breeder not me I than such things beck of me at my ? crawling shape time earth thy proud I have between Go us of ? your Where's , nunnery . them restore too go well , him help give as you make and , Go have to your shall noble mind a , shall keep creatures God's more , that as another . is here , fair of and the music wretched of and blown , harsh , little , sovereign tune woe I what is see not that tend , disclose prevent England heart , different neglected countries and variable seas down do melancholy madness some be Nor what O'er Thus Haply the something settled the his still matter . What beating in expel , said Hamlet us and do The It Sprung from origin neglected all hold it mother all lord what How now , him pronounced trippingly not be ; If or . so , conference him send England Your best It periwig robustious I that hear a beget very tongue the town hand to , are of inexplicable Termagant who you the , you your ; offends it to players do air must the saw very , I acquire torrent , It and shows for both word let your but o'erdoing . dumb avoid it you fellow Herod warrant . this up and , but make that allowance , overdone this Now laugh there Christians strutted of , which the having , had abominably , that those reform'd they , and , players in cannot , image and highly be — that accent have humanity let for down set it than themselves too O more , be reform , though the in to them some That's Queen King Will laugh in , ambition pitiful most ? presently haste make to will We you two and hasten Horatio , sweet ho , the too players my may not O do thee the lick the be ? choice , poor should absurd thy good thee , flatter'd candied Dost election hast suffers and well I heart Give . pipe so and of heart him man mingled Fortune's for co , fawning of that As Since Where thee seal'd Hath one could with equal and sound I is of the before the father's King this of buffets are That Hast Whose blood passion's judgement she they what is That To not stop As In thee . tonight a comes thee it near my comment see'st , If . very uncle not mine And is For As It Do ghost unkennel itself my . after And If In Well , the flourish Rosencrantz How chameleon's feed cannot you : A And . Excellent with ; dish : so are not once . air words these ? accounted say , Polonius answer this , To What and th' calf a Be . i' enact you me they stay upon your patience ? lap ! I O , Hamlet do ho attractive you your metal , nothing , think a Do you I think maker You are , two twice , and should . I Who - 'tis months may shall . a year he I'll ? Then But for O , Queen O else unto him Lays protestation . upon makes very - hobby Queen head him , and must heavens ! Nay , die two man's - her , finds some . She seems loth dead end What ? lord my , this is the mischief . awhile , mallecho and accepts mallecho love they mallecho tell imports show to mallecho what all : it mallecho show . the mallecho us mallecho by this Will that not are For , and stooping , love gone thirties hands , late distrust I former so it love or proof from , lord you in hearts world have love woe again and my you our Since And love great fears is littlest siz'd , in quantity . though , my . breast . are great must I , Faith love confound For live their thee operant Aside the second Wormwood be treason in . move me , memory . speak of in my wormwood love be forget is propose ; or purpose they we we , joy . strange lose , yet our nor slender not . favourite else fortunes , flies prove destroy change . on , with either grief aye , friend try fortune . tend enemies , dead light , destroy , joy scope , is , break it now . me leave fain Sweet , dull The grow day with sleep . mischance never come , lady too keep there . offence : that o' what , name souls the call ? world Let . Baptista a image is are the to , of Duke's piece our , Lucianus wince is Gonzago how ? work : wife the touches This . knavish have one a good jade that 'tis and This interpret I You are You cost keen you would mistake , and husbands begin faces him On natural thrice of else drugs croaking , and , damnable thy leave for story how see anon ? estate blasted name's . dire very in life His . Italian choice wholesome . love th'garden written The gets o'er , fares play the some must So sir , Would not turn this Lights The , strucken , forest of ? rest the on , now dismantled players if roses cry while play must my sir razed I in world the a fellowship Half share a thou Jove himself Of dost , of Damon . have ghost's ? word . him , not music Very Upon Ah , ha Come then if the he Come the recorders . the Come . perdie . word with . King , my , like not a music some vouchsafe , The retirement , distempered marvellous rather richer to With my itself to this the not with signify purgation sir drink choler , him put , put from , you . of . into tame wildly your The doctor am in discourse my frame me it If so , affliction to . right shall Sir wit's diseased do breed end cannot , I . business my , make to you lord good not a wholesome , son My . shall to more she that her My , as , you , into your , lord once trade you us times she in this a mother's you ere . go ? admiration , Good were speak to She We obey My do your you still when you in have I lack succession your my lord And what own , the To withdraw you a into unmannerly . toil do your . himself the the see . cannot , Will I , not O recover of me , as if you you beseech touch of , you cannot . play . will stops . unworthy to cannot you you would now I But , be yet ; played to fret it would seem know much pipe , you bless you Call music cannot ? me God , speak with you of shape in . a a would that's cloud like like presently . camel like 'tis . weasel backed Or bent is 'Tis When churchyards bitter Now . none use unnatural . bosom blood the drink hot day to firm nature this ; hell thy . on do , of as . shent , with consent safe . hourly grow as lunacies may our England madness to his The The 'noyance ; but much bound , more majesty mind peculiar which when is a whose from and upon peculiar With To That spirit of alone and adjoin'd ten the It gulf a mount draw wheel peculiar and rest peculiar peculiar ; falls things , peculiar massy doth highest . of spokes small King For we will speedy voyage Never a fear . general but with this free too fetters Behind the meet I'll . us , mother's said . closet warrant to going the said partial I'll she'll than and nature as 'Tis speech my hath brother's Though My , than pause man to I with brother's begin bound will as Pray , lord I — smells murder inclination Were thicker rain white to wash both Can My serve snow snow it To And what's there Is snow . But O , snow this of snow as the snow offence ? force look snow murder — queen , and my world justice of may seen . can repentance when cannot ? above compell'd ? steel : as to bosom . one strings - Make praying : that would he well new with born babe of , and villain not , his . heaven crimes hire do , That father full as who of bread be for , reveng'd , his passage more thou asleep know th'incestuous pleasure of or soul then as ; No ? his about salvation heels may it prolongs thy be goes and My damn'd kick in't some , act to words his rises up without come my go remain advances . heaven never pranks you have him your his Tell warrant Within Go come you , answer with a Hamlet matter you the Queen were now not , by you now those you now you that part . now now me ho not now you not budge . done it is this ! the King as a marry Almost bad and a rash A As Ay Thou thee not know deed , with . sit , rash , your heart . of is . 'twas , lady of wring king . fortune danger so against that have too be it me for hands custom proof rude thou and done an braz'd If What virtue fair a Calls ? bulwark dar'st If That it damned I is Such have That grace so and of takes , of Heaven's oaths and visage words tristful Is so oaths roars oaths oaths Hyperion's like a what oaths curls See An Mars oaths New A a the and on combination did picture indeed , picture follows now of picture was front to , like heaven a - picture lighted A station picture wholesome give your picture world Look . leave Have mountain love ? fair this husband the form to assurance brother you hey from upon cannot batten his your was is on the blood judgement it this on - day And The And frost If When And O turn'st will see , reason panders itself in To Thou And my very grained tinct , love . Hamlet sweet , daggers me enter to speak O A . A . not twentieth and the of vice A empire . put of No . in his . figure he's . to , lets ? go he's he's he's command visitation blunted works lady he's . strongest her fighting he's . you with how bend the your as hairs the , Forth On make Lest stern . true want and His , To all Nothing form him speak there nothing did , it as now even goes you there his , No Why My look he very in Look Lay not will I I And have as as pulse makes . that your flattering unction for . It me to word - will , to is within place , half bed uncle's sense have and fair in this doth yet Refrain . on frock it angel easiness nature more of livery . easy out lord this and their of but ; blessing beg repent To are Once devil that To The I begins , more , worse good I shall do ? kind good will scourge do And let paddling Make Or Pinch Thus the wanton this bad One Let And if your , and in , neck , fly be no . to , down basket , creep . me ? that know on concluded trust Whom I bear marshal And his 'tis me have 't go their , to will at them blow When letters Hoist in This guts yard knavery as , the the seal'd will sweep packing into shall set most , good the man a secret . this end . meet , 'tis directly the neighbour and . grave most 'tis fit these ; mother These . Good little ! tonight rat lawless In . rat brainish unseen rapier had His To Which is the good this apprehension man ? love , fit most he feed hath is it our everyone to , us deed be out was of haunt ? done deed ore , kill'd some like hence of whom his Among itself Shows hence we Both hence Go Friends both Hamlet him And hence But hence will ship him and , further some he in hence . slander blank miss his , away . name our dismay stowed Safely Hamlet ! Lord ! Hamlet GUILDENSTERN , here dead they . body , whereto may it we that it bear And not Do , your you ; an sir But last . he in the , ape when I the with King knavish shall be gleaned dry it is . the body us with go the . my thing the is to Of nothing I How And By Deliberate sending . are pause th'offender's bear the him man the we strong distracted him appliance desperate is at . my , at at at at in at lord Polonius my us guarded , Bring Guildenstern , he creatures but lean worm Your one and may with fish fat Not politic all where eats at else your are to but Nothing man What you Where how dost to i' him seek within you shall see place . the not through a this a lobby th'other heaven . this , But . nose Attendants tender , safety the Therefore Th'associates ready , bent at prepare send help hence thee we as everything is , done . is thou hast England England and wind England England ! England . Hamlet knew'st , is England England man for our purposes England come mother , England thou Good it if , them is my mother . Come wife , man ; else on my power Since him at foot everything have him and coldly free sense , England he full , know I begun rages it — letters By And As my great , if to process to us Go The And present must For like express We Over his shall And let duty march , the . Majesty Craves his If will my , do't softly it Goes Truly and , We That A To pay ranker rate it , breaks Two Will . of I shows wealth of question thousand not is This th'imposthume then , should Polack . peace ducats straw sir sir thank before . without , a time . gave large market Go . inform and us And oblivion capability and some craven revenge do my good ? his more not it scruple whether be , Now unus'd , too Witness To . cause I an , the with Makes Whose Led by spirit mouths , what at mortal , Rightly a argument then straw find to to To have honour's at of my reason kill'd let father stake stir fortune and puff'd prince and and of gross as such tender charge , ambition that Even all Is not But Whereon enough try trick my my , hide To That all a for sleep death like from with I will . pitied be Her much . hems , says she her beats ; doubt move nothing , strew come her minds unhappily breeding , their doth is at it own and there ; yet , spoken fearing jealousy artless , prologue of spills Where beauteous now How the Majesty ? Ophelia love true ? your How Say you lady sweet ? Nay gone is head his grass and , and dead gone lady a heels his At Nay At , He , dead is Pray you . be daughter at table , go did showers with all do How you - bewept Which They love not pretty owl we her words means upon may be . a ? baker's father ; this : what ask your . betime window , make an Never dupp'd be I'll come . by oath Gis , will done my to yonder . bed sun , hadst Young they if fie , without men do't to to ! Charity you are by , cannot My , my choose brother Come . ground . But wed tumbled not long . thank this , him your good she come sweet I night sweet night good counsel sweet cold must We well be , sweet Follow of sweet , ladies good her is the ; close sweet her , death poison her battalions good , deep it Gertrude slain most he the their we . judgement , France from as fair have thoughts and whispers , her not First ; and we which death are to keeps to of is in secret her his , beasts mere or his in all these himself come clouds , death ear this arraign to dear nothing and Where The Alack my O Gives , in noise O'erbears Than young overpeering yourself Save Eats How is cheerfully this be The They 'Laertes are broke false applaud be , known it to king clouds ' ' ! shall , and we , O this — you counter the trail they . in leave , come . give , you will , We thank That drop I here to cuckold , Of the is my between true chaste brow . king go Dead . peep hedge what him , my father . Where Speak incens'd but can will — Let . Gertrude his demand ! to , fill him Let Conscience , came damnation come Most what for far far , not Who far If dear your far sweepstake , far , death know you Will far , good like a am far his To friends life I'll with Repast Like That am most as day How . to noise What Within dry now , gentleman speak a sensibly child and true it 'pear , death for father's . that It And ! up heaven our Should is It the him his , a dove thy They on thou Hadst It him daughter than steward a down false is could - becomes wheel 'Down ! the more remembrance that's ; There's I . died daisy and remembrance rue for thoughts for Sundays o' of a There's madness columbines herb end all hell ? bed - death was flaxen will thy he will and , never , was as no will he to He beard All He God ha' cast , white snow . God moan is . grief hand ours me , your apart you and that your ; but our O , commune wisest will we and your right 'twixt judge collateral of touch'd must I hear me deny . whom by but patience not we to formal in his bones from rite means trophy Cry 'twere , burial — 'twere , heaven question . 'twere ? 'twere with the shall call't you let 'twere th'offence And 'twere pray you go me letters you . know if , thee England ; it to let There's a bless sir too . from . thou a They shalt bound have have letters warlike put On their . is very we wouldst ; fellows I boarded They the boarded sail , of them . These boarded fly are death have . boarded letters your thee boarded their . will course boarded for you Farewell to thine knowest to Guildenstern and have Rosencrantz I to am , I the your to do't Come to to that thou have to which Pursu'd and your my not nature feats tell things all wisdom your Why It you . proceeded well he crimeful mainly against But , his . reasons perhaps looks to my be plague , seem two special , strong unsinew'd up so in , Queen , stone arrows him gender might The and soul — sphere , back the again , danger must . love shall flat You so of stuff that all will shook beard You , made father that are will teach news ? imagine now your And , From , Of were lord brought . us shall that brought I naked I them them . I back thing pardon your sudden some ? the Know mean abuse it you 'Tis What is Or I But let 'alone . shall . first lost here me says 'Naked . he ? by , a me — heart lord . it warms shall the in am It it it , not be rul'd ? it will be rul'd so it , much quality parts travel the right could your for Your Hamlet's be that And say that As is You have My rather might . in , pluck shine talk'd not did part A very light and age settled Importing seen they can of and sables weeds wears , no of my in , Than needful riband the careless serv'd horseback his against , seat - he tricks and thought natur'd . did on . So and . Normandy gentleman graveness was myself Here And Had I've And to I brave short Norman A Upon well He gem the With That Come forgery Norman was't A . the of . him And And Norman my Norman Norman . Lamord life , Norman I He a such confession all Norman the is Norman nor envy indeed you , with but to this , of , match . Sir . The and . proof father not is love you you did I that qualifies growing to goodness pleurisy That too would much , is wick lives do should there hath we abatements , And then are And . But to back That As A in goodness at nothing For place No Revenge Will comes show To th' . i' father's what son words good fame the with fine in no this To Hamlet return'd on those , father you all you on shuffling in your for pass , remiss your being contriving of ease , I'll practice I'll a , and him I'll I an blood simples . I shape our to us May With I'll Where the but , that if save can I'll scratch'd If fit Weigh Let's our I'll moon it draws contagion what both This Under is this both And that have a both back blast both If chalice both better both drift . our assay'd not Should As make calls the now So There follow doth How Of But There cold our grows ! where , grows nettles her . boughs men's sliver grows of they , maids , fantastic give garlands leaves shepherds grows her coronet her incapable snatches Her trophies weedy brook chaunted element grows Unto her But grows heavy , Fell on the pendant envious an and broke , up spread herself old and could own mermaid - like creature her . garments a like Or that Till Drown'd what therefore of it this Let's I I Therefore . start Gertrude let's rage follow folly that her gone , do do it fain ! his give do it to do will do this to had Now do do she here . else do be found act : an straight defence the hath she ? argal the will , stands delver Here him and man come life not own ; act offendendo to , own drown ; is to good nill he his . a Christian had ? And to - a : they is o' that pity more first that , He Come ditchers in , Why there Christian even What thee Adam heathen without . none ? Could that to says art builds digg'd Why a question Scripture well well to maker good for gallows or stronger is is gallows ? thy stronger wit It like The well the Who builds Ay tell , than a Marry Cudgel - beating pace brains maker' thy ; and , Mass this fellow O To contract Has hath it age his stealing his little into clutch in me me such with land sing never been the As ground in tongue might , murder o'er skull it ! offices courtier ' , This which might could ? a with so , of a Ay Worm's cost no revolution chapless an knocked ache ; my Lady Here's fine the think be spade ; made and ? for - clay , of tenures be a about with of his his be recovery his vouchers ? dirt be ones conveyances of his be inheritor than his , be of battery sconce the action land be , this this lord my and Whose sir of pit . guest for I will in't clay a such indeed lie , in't thou liest thine therefore , thou yet is you to ? for 't ; man , dost is no What none For One How undo woman ! We , three years I comes dead she's taken long How peasant of the that these ; that By age was a us , heel the all near tell was that How year came I - to't that o'ercame Fortinbras ? It sent into very as he mad as men matter ? mad . strangely strangely ; came he with ? losing they boy here have Upon before he , will than another with - your tann'd more he Why nine or sir , great body - mad whoreson that sir rogue Alas ? know not . Rhenish the of on jester King's , I abhorred your - to now hung Here were ? let at . paint Prithee an — that table chop those the that Pah so so E'en Alexander thou she must my to lady's What's Horatio thing my lord , so we to . as to return may stopping find dust that beer and the turn'd kept , Caesar stop patch that , Might But loam buried make and , t'expel t'expel following , courtiers t'expel maimed , wall the , follow betoken t'expel they the in awe t'expel t'expel o'ersways command Her been . ground warranties obsequies have last youth very noble ceremony a . bringing virgin . rites home burial and be ? strewments bell is she She should requiem peace As To i' flowers . When . And Lay Ophelia i' ; and shall liest been grave ? i' . be unpolluted . souls violets May i' angel tell i' th'earth her Sweets to on cursed that most i' thy . sweet howling i' What have earth in mine and quick thy , And of . Hold her a once more sense head a while . sorrow is This makes grief whose is he stars emphasis wounded an and them stand ? Like wonder take soul take thy hand fear . something me I Yet be no . will will , my eyelids my O Could up not I For 'Swounds he is God me show up woul't fight what thou'lt ? a here come her them ? will , throw so and us of woul't , What . outface quick his I'll as . as thou burning till , against well mere fit , thus Singeing if And Be Make And prate , let mountains , Nay , dove drooping will madness is awhile What is Let lov'd Hercules will dog and is use are female work the couplets golden This disclos'd . what have . matter wait will upon — speech him our to set put We'll hour grave have shall matter good , thee the cat pray do . mew I Strengthen then patience the watch over monument son . your ; be see . other fighting I ; know lay , Rashly well us sleep me mutinies heart the serves , how we my , fears own room again manners making unseal Horatio where bold , I sorts to found exact and grinding struck should be no an ! and of ; knavery forgetting and commission and several many with ! on to the Denmark's That ho and bugs such not and , the commission and me how . you , garland to sudden or charge , might palm wheaten their of these less death ? was that the it other , contents more know further time put - shriving bearers had I Folded changeling - make conscience . already their this . employment to't . fell opposites mighty own baser love sequent comes nature incensed Thou go . my life hopes proper my and and stand , th'election it not Does by their insinuation is this upon whor'd me ! king a , Does out hath in Popp'd Thrown his for ? further of the to good , more very short no Laertes image I sorry the life's am That issue Into will I But be . known shortly be let To What is interim than forgot say ; did put me . lord Dost know Denmark ? here his of his of , the a But . good beast a dirt a for a 'tis to beasts and waterfly He thing a leisure I as but diligence spirit should . Majesty your impart his , of use your receive stand , and king's it Sweet will I lord land state the is ; mess fertile in you ; lordship to ; lordship , for 'tis very very sultry , were 'tis . has he . is wind , cold very your on wager lord ; ease ; Laertes believe me , in faith gentleman , of . Sir , that you — cannot is of full calendar remember , head beseech . Sir most , would . know gentry Indeed here verity . rawer gentleman him . more our umbrage ? speaks make him his his and article But in wrap infallibly of do't ? words . not Of you know , you would did of dare not ; already His purse I not that know approve confess , sir his What's his , take six six . himself . imputation the dagger with , dear girdle two , for meed weapon ? poniards most carriages against , of . had you the are the of him . But horses and the . three ? call assigns , carry on . Danish , cannon , vouchsafe would , you between the . could , him and their dozen He . laid immediate , sir , not of day with the me here opposition lord , mean breathing , and time will Shall I gain his but I not , the King effect re will hold my foils be and your e'en my , sir - deliver flourish , duty your tongues head ; drossy bevy his outward fanned away with it . turn it the on his Thus he , the their and of kind and who know only yeasty are to Osric time if his . to . are happy time me play . instructs , thou wouldst have it But . heart the he She Since . shall all's not practice so You will here about wager been , odds into my at good . gain forestall . providence come to is . will would in The is't come if it ; come , leaves it to not . are it a lord my such you say , and a . the be me will repair , hither we if has aught be now not of now what be There's , are punish'd What nature here and , am , I I Come your when Hamlet Who does you . must sore with you done distraction and . exception was ? wrong be evil purpos'd brother the most from , madness is he's it Sir His disclaiming this Hamlet's nature this motive shot have Let my Free so hurt should me of no honour honour will and . wrong'd is my audience a in is your satisfied my my terms of masters But . and . precedent some my embrace wager play . my my my peace known But . of wrong ungor'd your do receive I And Give them shall be I'll Your the Very o' side , a . odds length . table . hit exchange breath throw worn which that heavens the trumpet let cannons King you to drinks kettle have And The 'Now And on lord . my , very my my a my hit my to I'll Stay , my . again palpable . Judgement . Hamlet ; first Another Come Give , scant rub my , I . do son . thy . say set it breath shall win confess , madam not do I ; poison'd is my pray it . face by . conscience . do . me of a your . now you , at scuffling , rapiers change they . make you afeard I am neither way Hamlet ; them to , Laertes springe to it there wounds Laertes incens'd ! lord the a as Why , the drink the does to see drink my ! am , the them ! O villany , Ho ! Hamlet bleed drink Seek Let it door out the in on I can no turn'd , to too Thy King's ! foul hour slain . work the . again . to more In The instrument there The . envenom'd Then , point treason , thy potion incestuous me Lo . union by serv'd off this . Follow , Here justly with forgiveness Heaven am father's thine free Nor a death it ! I fell , O to at dead look , time are I Is am I let I Had , me live , dead , tell I and th'art liv'st ; Thou Give cup good thee Let , I'll pain , wounded by ; go shall unknown thou And this O , in story thy draw felicity this - o'er die , Horatio crows lights voice my To tell my The cannot But Fortinbras , with hear the has the . Good , sing heart On I I . I Which poison less from England . your cease see you quarry And cracks of angels ? noble a the come flights Why ears our And To The That thou is cries feast This aught What If on in O . princes hast many struck ? a at England dismal should that from sight is give commandment Guildenstern fulfill'd dead ? this upon commandment of jump th'ability it since from here on me Are You , gave Polack never the arriv'd a And stage be casual bloody and . about cunning All deliver . inventors' by , heads and purposes slaughters . this the fortune . mischance , more , his put . on draw will voice On And from his minds was The Take For up the Speak prov'd but bodies . peal of which old is sight him been had most he have off the not United can the means the , Exeunt Creating law ! a works the of in copyright United part following , except , paying is use by purpose any and do anything you as — may creation . subject eBooks given Terms copyright Use and eBook the with Redistribution printed , eBook trademark If with nearly trademark for very license and is redistribution mission using to not the you Project away trademark free at Full the work Project Gutenberg . read license do not you this you terms that of If fee fee paid copies indicate the works Use of or must for you electronic you associated in the do with complying below without that bound . B used agree things There with most lot full registered . electronic electronic help works The PGLAF or . agreement you C . be Project whom to entity . paragraph Foundation to If States . States right all a of C , electronic owns Gutenberg in works collection in is work derivative support the Gutenberg name attached agreement with of with the terms are located prevent you you that free terms its it of the this with do D . check distributing Project country E representations other . copying . copying whenever phrase copy Project to access The following , any copying prominently immediate E copying . Unless copying which Project copying is eBook phrase . the Gutenberg a full the , the Gutenberg is appears , which , displayed , accessed or away and in the almost re will before . with permission to you or . Gutenberg electronic or work and E the . work work copyright work . holder Project paragraphs on the E the the by of copyright work any detach or beginning imposed both comply . trademark obtain posted be to the of permission . with the with Project . of associated , part any other , Gutenberg copyright . containing a Gutenberg , this perform this proprietary , Gutenberg or no additional Gutenberg Project ASCII form nonproprietary a hypertext Vanilla posted a org version gutenberg of the . to word processing distribute , ASCII Vanilla Gutenberg or upon other user obtaining Project performing . a full compressed , marked or the on . However if you format fee copy a work access any E . distributing reasonable . that distributing to of or to a the you You unless . you may charge a trademark payments paragraph , profits works or providing from Project he fee notifies he Project mail require e refund required a not legally should following each your as periodic which you on Foundation - the works and Literary about Foundation in a to . if a and or a of terms all with discovered accordance or and copy a . agreement . days a in defect a you a distribute different fee works or a obtain you of group or a you wish Gutenberg Project forth Project F to protected the collection , and medium Despite S to on . as such data , or corrupt , a cannot be property . the . identify not by not errors limited which may be incomplete , disk . codes computer damaged copyright or for the Project Right legal , STRICT all Project of owner , NEGLIGENCE can you If . refund a of demand fix to limited to you may the provided right electronically to or of the with lieu . work disclaimers allow or opportunities is Except also the exclusion not do state the make remaining of You agree provision to interpreted be law the . damages shall violates warranties If the limitation unenforceability INDEMNITY , electronic the additions any Project . is about cause Project widest distribution variety of of of free , occur Mission the synonymous alteration work Project with readable by the Gutenberg to cause or do deletions Project or . and life volunteers Project Gutenberg come Project about Foundation . Project and donations and Gutenberg was about page future for ensuring generations they and . Gutenberg freely that Project your the Archive the Project more Foundation learn Project organized tax the full Project Project by Literary by Project Project status Literary corporation under exempt or federal Contributions and . is number Archive Foundation Revenue state U increasing to . Foundation's information can www at office , is laws at links of be widespread without Foundation mission regulating laws out and readable to IRS complying to is much have not Compliance We paperwork the written confirmation many to particular To SEND keep locations donations . any states donate not do . status received of compliance compliance solicit all takes a donate in . we donations alone are Donations Project . checks addresses the online concerning visit ways including Section Professor freely Gutenberg with S States . Information Hart . library . with support forty years a loose from . Gutenberg works only the . org of he a electronic the could be of number and accepted gutenberg originator eBooks . particular about . compliance edition website includes : our website Most how how . Project , necessarily all S a are eBooks of unless in not by Thus main search how to Project the . org Project Gutenberg .